Chillin wit my lil cousin bein me 

jus chillin doin wat i do , livin life , and lovin love no more no less . it is really hot !!!! < PROPMALE > you jus love it ??? i do . i hate the cold if it was up to me it would be summer all year long 
Some times life is jus < PROPFEMALE > confusing ... I donno wat to do or how to feel any more ... i guess ill jus have to go with it ... see where it takes me ... and get up if i fall :) . i think i might like the idea of all this , i guess ill see 
i hella need $$ i wanna go outta town the begining of next month ... but i jus popped two freakin tires ... so either i get the $$ to fix them an the $$ to go outta town B4 i leave or i jus have no car till i come back ... either way ... i need $$ 
Rocked skinnies today .... took some pics so i have proof for the one an only D1 ... he told me i should rock em so gotta see wat he thinks lol hahahaha 
was supposed to go to work today but i < PROPMALE > think thas gonna happen aunt is still sleepin so yea ... omg still need tires for my car ... supposed to kick it wit Nate sometime but i need tires !!! live is so hard i tell you lol 
chillin gettin ready for my trip wit my lil cousin :) we are goin outta town in two weeks :) yay ... we are gonna have some good times i bet ... chillin wit the homies an my cousin ... yup good times cant wait :) :) :) 
Life is full of secrets some you like some you dont ... some secrets change your life , relationship , and everything else ... you jus gotta move on and be ready for the next one to come ... 
Had a great day today ... exciting events have takin place ... now waitin for monday ... thursday ... an friday ... yay ... imma be 19 !!! but yea havin sum super good days these days ... lovin my life right now ... are you ??? 
FACEBOOK SOCIAL EXPERIMENT : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph as your own status . You will be surprised by what people remembe 
1 question , 1 < PROPMALE > , 1 honest answer ( and i will answer ) . U can ask me 1 question ( send to my inbox ) . any question , anything no matter crazy it is no catch , seriously . But i dare u to repost this on your status and see what people ask u .... this should 
life ... my life ... thats wats on my mind ... how feel and how ive felt ... thats wats on my mind ... wat i said and wat i didnt ... thats wats on my mind ... life ... my life ... is wats on my mind 
chillin wit < PROPFEMALE > ... seen this totally awesome guy at < PROPFIRST > in the box ... he was funny ... lol an he thought i was 16 ... oh well 
Chillin doin me ... movin on an movin up ... 
thinkin bout my day .... 
ugh bored an waake ... an that silly boy went to bed wit out me ... how boring ... ten mins he says but nope jus like i thought he went to sleep .. didnt even tell me so we could both go to sleep but yea anyways .... booorreeedddd 
went to church wit < PROPFEMALE > today ... it was an intersting experience ... after i drop off my cousin at sum party im off to sleep .. im tired ... i wanna stay up but not gonna happen ... for once im goin to sleep at a normal time ... wows i must be sick or sumthin ... 
Chillin in < PROPFEMALE>'s mom's bed . It is very comfortable ... I think I want one now :) Its so soft and squishy lol lol Anyways , not doin much right now ... but well laying here ... curious if my homie has work tonight ... I guess I'll see later ... Well tomorrow because I'm not staying up for a million hours to find out , I'm already sleepy . Anyways if you want to talk to me aim = nikkaboo183 . Love you all ... Bye for now 
jus a lil disappointed ... not very happy bout sumthin that happened ... ugh ... 
thinkin imma go see my cousin an her baby tomorrow ... well later today :) 
donno why but i feel really awake ... sooo im gonna read ... maybe it will make me sleepy 
well ppl im now a part if the Skype world yay me :) ol sooooo come find me so we can talk :) u know wat i mean ??? 
Am i the only freakin person who loves the summer , heat included and hates the freakin winter its the worst time of the year ... ewwww i dont want it to be winter ... its so yucky 
on Skype ... chillin big time 
kinda upset found out today my < PROPMALE > is in the hospitle :( shes havin surgery monday ,... guess well see wat happens 
im awake .... its 6:30 AM an im awake might as well stay up till 7 an get < PROPFIRST > up ... ugh couldnt even sleep last night woke up soooo many times prtty sure D1 will tell me to go to sleep when he gets home :) 
My cousin an the baby are comin over today :) 
chillin 
So I was talkin to my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > today an he was showin my some pics he took well i saw a pic of < PROPMALE > an was like hey u took his pics an < PROPFIRST > was like yea ... man u gotta give < PROPFIRST > props he did an amazing job :) might have to have him take some pics for me some time know wat i mean ???? 
irritated ... some ppl need to get their freakin heads outta the clouds an realize the world does not revolve around them ... 
I am so sorry ... there is no other way to put it ... i kno it should have happened but it did and for that i am sorry . I am sorry but i had to tell you ... it would have felt wrong if i didnt . i am so sorry . ( no ppl i didnt not do sumthin like super horrible ... at least ro any random person it isnt lol lol ) 
ugh comps been trippin ... gkad to be workin this month ... should get my fone an pay my ticket 
got my nails done today they are super cute ... i can really do some damage ... lol maybe it should be in the torture ;) lol lol lol 
So imma get a dog friday i am so excited ... so guess wat my fone will have to wait till next friday oh well thas ok 
today doenst feel right ... it seems like sumthins wrong but i donno ... hmm i gotta figure this out cuz its really buggin me ... 
Adopted my dog today ... it wasnt the one i orginally wanted but hes still little and cute :) 
Question of the Day :: Would you read a book titled , \Can it Work ? Yes it Can ! \"" 
Question of Right Now :: Would you read a book titled , \Can it Work ? Yes it Can ! \"" 
today is jus not my day 
last night .... i woke up so much during the night ... it was ridiculous 
thinkin i really want this to happen and hope you do too ... 
we got the carpet cleaned today ... now im waitin for it to dry ... 2 hours an i cna put all my stuff back in there 
back in my room :) yay my bed feels ssooo nice you guys < PROPMALE > even understand ... well maybe you do but still 
Facebook Trick ! Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter then left click Then Scroll Up And Down up & down and magic circles will appear ! To stop this - refresh your < PROPFEMALE > . THIS WORKS - TRY IT ! THEN COPY & PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS-------------It's magic !!! People it really works i was really surprised 
OMG so excited goin to see New < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow :) :) :) Compilments of \Aunt\ " Julie :) :) :) yay !!! " 
its 9:11 .... ppl im awake 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY PEOPLE 
... 
Bedrock song of the uhh how ever long lol sittin thinkin bout hm take a wild guess lol u kno who u r ... < PROPMALE > no one get ur hopes up if ur not sure its you lol its not lol lol ... missin my boo lol gosh he needs diff hours at least i can sleep an not worry bout him talkin to me an im not there cuz i passed out lol ... < PROPMALE > no if that made sense oh well . i jus wanted to type a bunch of stuff tho so peace people ... go to bed 
thinkin thinkin thinkin 
if your not chicken ;) copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : crazy 2 : i'd marry you 3 : talkative 4 : sarcastic 5 : loveable 6 : clubhead 7 : moody 8 : dumb 9 : spoiled 10 : mouthy 11 : random 12 : hot 13 : funny 14 : fit 15 : amazing 16 : tough 17 : cute 18 : BF/GF type 19 : player 20 : the best 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HRS . You can ask me any question ( inbox only ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer it no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . ALSO KEEP IT REAL !!!!! 
uuugghhh i feel like freakin crap you have no idea ... its irritating donno wats wrong wit me today not good wat so ever ... so many things feel wrong right now an they are all physical now wat kinda sense does that make ??? i say none 
yyyyaaaayyyy woke up feelin GREAT my stomach or wat ever < PROPMALE > hurt ... i < PROPMALE > fell like throwin up ... today is good :) work today at < PROPFEMALE>'s ... leavin at 4am for work in monterey tomorrow ... ill be there till thurs night ... maybe goin to < PROPFEMALE>'s friday ... an gettin ready to make a dessert for saturday ... still < PROPMALE > no wat im makin ... any suggestions ??? 
goin to san < PROPFEMALE > ... ill be back later today laters ppl 
finaly back home :) 
chillin bein me ... no work today so yay 
ok so i got dressed to go to the store then decided i < PROPMALE > wanna go lol 
Omg dont you hate it when some one asks u to do sumthin then tells you how to do it ??? 
have skype ... lets talk ... 
thinkin about the past , wonderin about the present , and hopin for the future 
ugh supposed to go to a oarty tonight bbuuttt i feel like crap ... hopefully by the time im supposed to go ill feel fine or right here at home is where ill be 
off to work 
tired tired tired but its toooo early to be sleepin 
ugh ... i donno wat to do about anything any more ... maybe her plan is the way to go ... i donno 
Faial Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can raed tihs . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than one word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 or more brave friends who will participate . 
watin to see if we are gonna see a movie ... hope we too jus i need sumthin else to think bout ... ugh not in a good mood :(((( 
wow ... wat a day 
Finally got my FONE !!!!!!!!!!! so excited send a message an ill send u the number 
eekk excited got my fone ... i also spent 5 hrs in the ER ... it was a pointless visit ... can u believe that ?? 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and put what Urban Dictionary says about your first name in the first comment . 
happy wit my fone ... glad i finally got it 
chillin ... textin my best friend ... mmmaannnn these guys i tell you .... 
bein bored ... HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY i FINALLY got to talk to my friend :D textin ppl ... u wanna talk ?? text me 
bout to pass out 
whew ... jus got home from the club ... had fun :) i think ill go next week too donno yet ... anyways waitin for that silly loser ... if ur up text me 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail msg . Click below to view ( stnd rates apply ) http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=YErr4Nmg77YlDhth07YL _frsthgl 
Waitin for < PROPFEMALE > to call ... Watchin katt < PROPMALE > till then lol 
Waitin for the bus thinkin hmmm now that i moved ill have to walk down blackstone to get home ... kinda worried bout that ... There are crazy ppl out there who might think theres a diff reason for me walkin right now 
Helped doras neighbor do her hair today ... She really liked it :-) yay for me an my emense skills lol 
My bed 
Went out last night and i had ssooo much fun im really glad i went ... I met some really really nice people it was great 
Thinkin an makin plans ... Sorta ... Hmmm 
Thinkin bout doin sumthin ive always said i wouldnt do ... Donno yet tho 
Omg i want a pizza ... Who wants to buy me one ?? 
ahhh not cool 
Bllaahh ugh 
Agghh phone is trippin but the fone people say nuthins wrong ... But i cant get texts gotta see whats goin on 
Sigh 
I love him so much , it hurts ... 
LOVE when its real ... its forever . im thinkin bout gettin a tattoo that says that ... what do you think ??? 
Going outta town tomorrow ... Pretty excited :-) thank you sooo much to the one(s ) who made it possible :-) 
Goin home ... I had lots of fun ... Im really glad i got to go 
Ugh not happy right now ... Freakin irritated ... Pissed ... Everything 
Hecka bored today ... Wanna go swimming ... Bllaahh 
Sigh ... I miss him ssoo much :-( 
ive < PROPMALE > askn a rndm quston of the dayRQOTD evrydy 4 the last umm id say @ lest 2 mnths . 2 be hnest i luv it id lke 2 ask mre ppl but th@ requres more #'s . u no y ? cuz i only txt the quston . its esier for me 2 respnd 2 each answer persnaly th@ way . anywys if by chnce u wnt to be asked the RQOTD let me no ... if u alredy get the quston an ur tired of me sndin it 2 u . let me no an i will not send it 2 u anyways luv u all 
Partied yesterday chilled today work tomorrow ... Lol wows .. Had a hella good time yesterday tho ... And damn it was hot today ... I was like wwoowwss 
I want to say happy fathers day to fathers everywhere ... But not only to the fathers , happy fathers day to all the mothers to have to not only be mothers , but be fathers too 
Lol so im going skating tomorrow night and i havent been in yyeeaarrsss ... So im a little concerned for my butt cuz im not sure if ill fall or not ... Hopefully not ... 
Gonna be 20 in a month ... What should i do ?? 
Eh < PROPMALE > no what i wanna do ... I < PROPMALE > really wanna go home but i < PROPMALE > wanna stay here either what to do 
So i decided hahaha * insider * i wanna be taken on a date ... Doesnt anyone go out on dates any more ?? Who knows but i wanna go on one haha ... 
Hmmm .... Thinkin i should find more new friends to do things wit ... And i wanna go swimming random i know maybe ill go tomorrow ... Sigh hecka bored right now 
Ugh little siblings ... They are soooo irritating sometimes ... I need a vacation like u cant believe ... My birthday seems like a good time to take one ... Where to go 
Loonngg day at work today ... But i can handle it lol ... I been here 8 hours so far ... I think this is the longest i been here but i was seriously needed today so its all good ... Imma go home an pass out tho so ill be ready for tomorrow 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail msg . Click below to view ( stnd rates apply ) http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=fENr4ePthm5xdkYooQUL\ 
\ 
_frsthgl 
So i think imma pass out at about 12 so i dont sleep too much or too little you know what i mean ??? I plan on bein at work at 8 for me thas ssuupperr early ... But i will survive lol 
So now ive decided i wanna go dancing i think it would be very fun ... Hhmmm 
So im still awake ... Text me 
So im going to the park to play games haha we are gonna play the game of things ... Possibly apples to apples and maybe uno .... Come play wit us ... It shall be fun :-) 
So im going to the park to play games haha we are gonna play the game of things . Possibly apples to apples and maybe uno . Come play wit us . It shall be fun :-) 
Bbllaaahhhh lifes a bitch :-( 
Just got the pics they are freakin amazing :-D 
Everything seems to be going really well right now !! Its great ... Just waitin to see what happens ... 
2 weeks till im 20 yay !!! So ive finally figureed out what i want 
So ive decided i want flowers haha ... Actually what i really want is an edible arrangement ... I got one this year for my mom it was pretty now i want one 
Mmmmmm fruit ... I might have to get my self an edible arrangement ... They are ssooo pretty and smell hella nice have u ever smelled one ?? Omg !!!! 
Eeehh < PROPMALE > back ache today ... Hair cut yesterday ... Thinkin bout gettin glasses ... Changin my look one think at a time 
Just got Done at the optomitris .... Gotta wait till tues to get the goods haha ... Cant wait ... Eekk 
Going to but some kettle corn haha yay for me ... Bday friday ... Another yay for me ... The whole sock thing went great lol im so funny 
Got my glasses today ... I freakin love them ... Havin chicken tonight yummy ... Cant wait .. Supposed to go swimmin ... Well see how that one goes lol 
Hecka tired today .... I seriously need to get some rest ... Work tomorrow bday friday ... Haha still donno what imma do ... Probably nuthin ... Exciting i know !! 
Haha work tomorrow ... Sttillll donno what imma do ... Oh well ... I guess itll be like any other day ... We'll see 
Sittin at the bus wit my lil cousin ... Its hot i wanna go home an shower .. Shes over here hella pissed cuz ppl keep stairin ... Haha its hella funny ... She nuts 
Wanna know what that means .. Hmm i might as but im thinkin i wont get an answer ... But everything seems to be goin really well ... Im happy 
I AM A FIVACIOUS AND HOLY SITUATION GROUPIE !!!!!!!!!!!! Yay me !!! Lol 
Ugh life is so difficult ... Oh well ill live ... 
Work today ... I really < PROPMALE > feel like goin ... But oh well ... Cant wait for tomorrow ... Eek ... Lol wonder what it is ... Hhhmmmm 
Got to see my best friend this weekend ... Ive missed her ssoo much ... We need to see each other a lot more ... 
Thinkin bout whats happened ... How i feel now ... How i thought i felt ... Now is a good time to move on for good ... Let it all go ... 
Hecka tired work today is gonna be blah again ... * sigh * i guess ill survive ... 
Hecka tired ... Semi hungry ... I think ill go home take a nap then make another tastey bacon sandwitch haha mmmm tastey 
Tired tired tired .... Had to move a bunch of stuff yesterday ... And now i have to put it back later today ... Bbllaahh ... 
Awake ... But kinda tired ... Thinkin bout goin to sleep but i < PROPMALE > really want to ... 
Ugh i feel bad ... Life is such a bitch ... Some times i hate tellin ppl the truth cuz yea it hurts ... But i guess there isnt much i can do about it ... Im sure theyd rather kno whats up instean of me lyin to their face ... 
Sigh .... Hopefully today gets better\ 
... Cuz right now im just not feelin it ... 
Watchin miss universe wit my dad ... We just saw the evening gown competition ... Some of the dresses these girls pick are UGLY ... Watch it !! 
OMG !!!!!!! Miss Jamaica was 1st runner up for Miss Universe :-( Mexico won ... 
Lol i feel really great ... Everything feels really good right now :-) 
* Big inhale * * big exhale * = * sigh * ... 
Driving to morro bay this friday !!! Eek ... Lol cant wait ... 
Going to Morro Bay tomorrow !!!!! 
First event of the trip ... I locked the keys in the car ... Smart i kno ... 
so apparently its supposed to be nice outside today ... i wouldnt know tho ... ive been inside all day ... and have no plans to go out there until i go home ... 
Goin to church today ... Then supposed to kick it later ... 
* sigh * can anyone tell me why it is people can start talking about something then when u ask about it they done wanna say anything ?? 
Its what ever time it is in the morning and yes im still awake ... I should be sleep but that doesnt seem to be happening ... * sigh * 
Today is just one of thoes days ... 
Life has so many ups and downs .... I just have to take them each one at a time ... Today was crap and to make up for it ... Imma make tomorrow great :-) 
Feelin great again !! It feels good ... Ugh i hate those days when nothing feels right ... An everything seems like its a big deal when its really not ... But thats not every day so its all good i guess ... Every day cant be great ... Itll get old ... :-) 
Have u ever wanted to ask someone a question ... But were too scared of their reaction ... Not thier answer , their reaction ??? 
Thinkin bout what i want ... Hmmm life is so complicated some times ... What to do what to do ... 
So yesterday i decided i wanted to buy myself some clothes ... I got 3 shirts , 7 pairs of earrings , and one necklace all for under $20 !!!!! I was happy lol 
Its almost 2 an im still up ... Watchin a movie ... An thinkin ... 
Yyyaayy done gettin my haor done !!! I love it ... :-) 
Suuppeerr bored an wanna get outta the house like u cant believe ... 
Thinking ... What the heck happened ... Ugh ... This is freakin nerve wracking ... I cant wait till tonight ... 
Frustrated like u cant believe ... The things some people do ... I just cant believe it ... Ugh ... 
So i just had the BEST tacos ... Made ... In my own kitchen by yours truely 
Haha so I'm on the bus an there's this guy wearing a nice blue dress shirt some black dress pants ... Dress shoes ... And WHITE SOCKS !!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
ü*Luscious*ü 
Thinkin bout becomin a massage therapist ... What do you think ??? 
Hmm ... 
Wondering is it really worth it to say something i should i just let it go ?? Do i really need to prove myself ?? Or pretned it never happened ?? 
So i want to make some brownies ... Buutt it turns out i have no cake pan ... So now im just sittin here wantin brownies an cant make them :-( 
So the guys are here to change my bathroom vanity ... Its hella cold outside ... And im still semi tired 
People gave the most interesting answers to the Random Question Of The Day ( RQOTD ) ... Hmm what to asj today ... 
Ok so i read something onlie one time that says when dog food is new and improved who tastes it ?? I found out today how they know its improved ... There is a person an actual real live person who tastes the dog food 
waiting for that day ... u know ... where that one thing is supposed to happen wit that one person ... and i say that one thing ... you know what im talkin bout right ?? 
so ... you remember that one day ive been waiting for ?? the one where that one thing is is supposed to happen wit that one person ?? you know right ?? well i thought u should kno im still waiting ... but its ok cuz i know its gonna be that one day that comes after that other one .. during that one month i know u know which one im talk in bout 
So I made chicken fajitas tonight ... they were hella bomb ... im like man i didnt even know i had skills like that lol 
Hmm i think sometimes people give advice based on what they want you to do for them ... which isnt cool ... 
so its 2:09 AM and im still up ... im tired but not sleepy ... and i have to get up my lil bro an sis at 6:30 ... imma be super sleepy at work tomorrow ... my phone was trippin but its all good now ... so im up just think think thinkin haha lol 
So today i got a taco from Taco < PROPFEMALE > , for the first time in about 12 years .. it was actually pretty good ... maybe ill get another one some day .. who knows ... 
So i dont have work today or tomorrow ... Hmmm 
So im watchin the < PROPFEMALE > show and these people had a daughter who died because some lady was using her phone and driving ... She didnt even know she had hit the little girl ... The girl was 30 seconds from being home ... And only 9 years old ... This really made me think about driving safety ... What i do when i drive and what ppl i ride with are doin when they drive . 
At home cleaning since i have nuthin better to do ... Waitin to see if we are on for dinner ... If so yay if not its all good haha more for me ... Either way i cant wait cuz what im makin today is gonna be freakin AMAZING !!! 
Man ... I hate when i have those questions that i wanna ask but am scared of askin cuz im not sure i want the answer ... Me and my curious self ... Craziness ... Hmmm what to do what to do 
Feeling very thoughtful these days ... Ugh ... Im wonderin if im just over thinkin things ... 
So ive decided ... You can't count on anyone to do what you want except your self ... 
Feeling very blah ... Hmm im not sure how to feel anymore ... Live is so difficult sometimes ... Kno what i mean 
So i got an edible arrangement today for my mom and siblings ... 
Hmm thinkin i have nuthin to worry about ... Well except the uhh hmm donno how to discribe that 
Runnin around today ... Actually walking is a little more accurate .... Lol 
Lol random thought for you ... I wanna cuddle hahaha ... And i wanna eat sumthin but i donno what yet 
Layin in bed ... Thinkin bout plans and things i want to happen in the next couple months ... It feels like it should be waaayyy later than 12:18 i guess ill continue thinkin an watchin movies till i fall asleep ... Have semi for sure plans tomorrow ... Cant wait lol 
I got 8 pairs of panties today from VS for $25 i was very excited actually i still am ... About that and other things ;-) 
Some times i just stop and think ... Who is in my lifr now whose gone ... Why some people are here and why others arent ... One day ill understand everything thats happened in my life ... But right now all i can do is just keep living my life ... Hopin im going the right direction ... 
Decided its not worth it to sit around and be mad/upset about little things ... There are bigger things to be pissed off about ... Lol haha hella bored btw i need a car so i can go somewhere ... 
One day ... This continueous cycle will stop ... 
Im awake and im hella hungry lol ... 
Hmmm thinkin what to do from now until thursday since i dont have work most of next week .... Any ideas ??? 
One day ... I'll find exactally what it is im looking for ... Till then hmmm i donno what till then lol 
So i want to take a walk buuttt its dark and crazy people come out in the dark ... Hmm ill have to see if my homie will come over and take a walk wit me so im not by myself where the crazy people can be like \ooo a girl by herself ... LETS GET HER !!!!! \ " lol haha im so funny " 
Hmm i think there was a plan ... Or a predetermained idea ... Or something 
So i think im gonna take a run well not a run ... A jog at like 6 ... Or when ever the sun comes out lol im not sure what time that is ... Eventually ill find out tho 
Feeling really stresed right now ... I wanna cry ... I feel like throwing up ... :-( my dad called me about 45 mins ago to tell me to get dressed so i can go over to my moms house ... Apparently shes super sick .. An he thinks maybe she had a stroke :-( my brother drove her home from church then my dad came to get me ... Pray for us 
I just got to my moms house ... She said shes feeling better ... And she looks ok ... But i donno how she looked before ... Thank you all for your prayers ... And please keep praying 
I love my brother < PROPMALE > soooooo much . 
My mom is doing fine ... nothin to worry about ... but my dad isnt lettin her go to work tomorrow even tho she wants to ... lol 
thank you all again for your prayers :) 
Glad to be done wit high school an gettin up at 5 ... Im at my moms still and my siblings are all up ... Gettin ready for school ... Im like cant u guys get ready quietly and not so brightly ... I wanna go back to sleep im tired ... 
People my mom didnt have a stroke ... I said my dad thought she did ... Now the whole earth is callin my mom \OMG YOU HAD SRTOKE\ " so nooooooo she didnt .... " 
So no work till friday ... What do i wanna do ?? 
so i just finished cookin dinner an now im tired ... but im kinda hungry too lol man ... 
Eek ... Goin to LA tomorrow :-) itll be good to get outta fresno for a lil while 
In LA !!!! 
FB world ... Today i tasted something new ... Goat meat ... Can u believe it ??? I bet not ... I NEVER try new things ... But today i did and it was pretty good ... Congrats to myself for goin outta my comfort zone yay ... 
I also tried top palm juice ... I guess its like wine ... People its hella good ... Like wwaayy better than regular wine 
So i got back today at like 9 ... I was hella tired so i passed out ... Anyway i had a wonderful weekend ... And im really happy i went ... I met new people ... It was all very exciting 
Waiting for the bus ... Its hecka cold ... :-( im Already ready for summer to come back ... 
So i was thinking and decided i got replaced ... Nothing else ... Thats just what happened ... Haha of course i could be wrong ... But fot now i think thats what happened 
Doin me for awhile ... Im still young so why not ??? Done doin the same thing all the time ... So im tryin sumthin new ... Imma do what i want , cuz i want ... And not care what anyone thinks about it ... New Me 
So im going out of town again this weekend :) 
On my way outta town for the weekend ... See you Fresno when i get back ... 
Hello everyone ... I am still awake ... :-) text it 
I love getting outta Fresno ... Even if its for a couple days ... 
I wish i could go back and change what u think ... Everything feels so much differnt now ... I dont like it :-\\ ... I donno maybe time will change some things maybe not ... I guess all i can do is wait and see ... Maybe ill just move on and kno why everything happened the way it did ... 
Really missin it right now ugh 
I really want some soft serve ice cream ... Who wants to bring me some ???? 
Just watched the original Karate Kid ... Thinkin bout some stuff bout to go to sleep i think ... I kinda want some cereal tho ... But i thinks its alittle too late to be eatin stuff ... But im hungry hmmm ... Maybe ill have some salad ... 
Not going to work today ... :-/ 
Grrr my check didnt come today ... So my plans for tomorrow might not go as planned unless it comes tomorrow ... I think i need to change to direct deposit ... 
Today is hella boring ... I need to go somewhere ... 
Maybe its not how i thought it was ... Hmmm i guess we'll see 
Cigarrets are all gross ... But the smell of some of them makes me want to throw up ... Ugh ... 
Hey people who have a gym memebership ... Is there a huge difference in gyms ??? Like if i get a memebership at a cheapy gym is it gonna be not as good as an exspensive one ??? 
Right now is one of those times i really miss you ... Sometimes its like nothing ever happened ... Then there are times like now ... One day im sure there wont be these days but for now there are ... And all i can do is try and forget what it is i miss so much about you ... 
Appointment at < PROPMALE > today !! 
Hmmm 
Home from work ... Its nap time !!! 
Had a really nice weekend ... And now its time for the work week 
Tried something new ... Eek it was exciting 
Thinking ... Maybe i dont want what i wanted ... 
So i thought thats what i wanted ... But i dont think it is any more ... Now that ive realised this ... Its time to try sumthin newww ... Hmm maybe do sumthin ive never done before ... Who knows ... But im still doin me ... And it feels great :-D 
So its six in the A.M. And im awake :-/ blah nothin to do but sit here and think ... Which right now is kinda boring since i currently dont have too much to think about ... Hmmm maybe ill get up and cook sumthin ... Maybe not cuz its kinda cold outside the covers ... Chonies is up too wonderin around doin cat like things lol ... Anyways ... If ur up text me or sumthin ... 
Chill day at work today ... Kinda hungry ... Hmmm what to eat ??? 
Abandoning my bestie cuz hes bein a loser 
so i feel < PROPFEMALE > sorry for all you ladies wit huuggee breast ... random i kno ... but today i realised its a lot of work to < PROPFEMALE > those things around ... 
So today i realised i think i lost the one i shouldnt have let get away :-( not cool ... I guess this is a lesson ... Hold on to what you know is a good thing no matter how close or how far it is ... No matter what else comes along ... 
Outside ... But i probably shouldnt be ... But i am cUz i need quarters so i Can have clean clothes 
Somewhere between all of our long talks ... Silly arguments ... And funny jokes ... I feel in love 
It is semi cold outside ... I hate the bus ... I need a car ASAP ... 
Sooo im thinkin i want to have a dessert exchange type thing next month ... Hmmmm what do you guys think ???? 
Stressful day at work today ... Im still here 
So apparently there are people at gas stations givin out keychains ... Its been said the key chains are tracking devices so these people can < PROPMALE > you ... Thats not cool , true or not ... I donno where people get half their idea ... But yea if its true i guess u shouldnt take a keychain from the gas station people ... If it isnt then u dont have anything to worry about 
Hello world !!!! 
Donno what to think or how to feel any more 
Oooo so apparently everyone is playing this question and answer game .... I WANNA PLAY !!!!!!!!! 
So apparently no one wants to ask me anything :-( i cant play if no one asks me anything ... I tell u people i want to play 
Q : do you have a Xbox live account ??? \ 
A : nope sure dont :-( 
Eeep !!!! I love questions ... Hence the RQOTD ... Haha this is like the 3Rd time in less than an hour ive changed my status ... The reason ... Im bored ... 
Q : what does RQOTD stand for ??? \ 
A : Random Question Of The Day 
Haha so saturday maybe sooner we'll see ... Im going to apply for a job ... Eeep im excited 
Omg ... This is the craziest ... Most stressful night ever ... 
Omg just finished reading a crazy good book .... I feel like i havent read a book in forever ... It feels good to be doin it again .... Man cant wait to read my other one now ... Eeep ... 
so people keep askin where im from cuz apparently i have an accent .... im like wows thats nuts i dont think i have one but i donno 
omg i feel like i havent asked a RQOTD in forever .... work these days thats why ... i been there longer than usual ... busy busy busy 
Lol so today i realised i cant keep presents secret so now i know dont get them early ... I already spilled my guts bout my parents gift 
< PROPFEMALE > i went and took pics the other day wit my siblings for my parents for christmas and i already spilled my guts bout it 
To me from Dexi Love : Dear Shanikka , you have a cute Pair Of Boobies Lmboo Jk . If we were in a room together , I would B Doiin Wahtt Im Doiin Rite Now . You and I should Take Pixx . If you hugged me , I would Hugg U back . You are Wierd . You have just been dared to make this your status [: 
Like this\ 
status and I'll fill in the blanks ! Dear______ , you have a cute_______ . \ 
If we were in a room together , I would______ . You and I should_______ . \ 
If you hugged me , I would____ . You are______ . You have just been dared \ 
to make this your status [: 
Hella pissed ... Ugh 
:-) he makes me happy 
So today my bestie agreed with the rest of the crazy people ... He's decided i do have an accent ... Where the silly thing came from i donno ... Since when do Fresno people have accents ??? Oh well if its there itll just be the Shanikka accent ... 
Slept a bunch last night ... Possibly goin to the movies after work ... Hmmm packed day ... Well kinda lol 
Just got home from christmas tree < PROPFIRST > ... It was fun ... I plan on goin again wit my hmm not sure what to call him yet ... Anyways ... I played tag wit some hella random people ... Lol it was great ... Oh and i saw my lil brother ... Now its time to chill 
Omg why do i never know when a game is started ??? Goodness ... Oh well ... How does this one go ??? 
Who comes up with these game ideas ??? It probably people who have nothing better to do than think up silly stuff ... Its weird ... Any ways ... Getting ready to get ready for work ... I think we are hanging out after work ... Not sure yet ... So far today feels like a good day ... Then again it just started lol 
Going to the movies :-D 
Parents 25th anniversary today ... They renewed their vows ... It was cute :-) 
On my way to work ... Lets see how today goes ... Supposed to see my man after work ... Cant wait ... Eep ... Still trying to decide what to get my brothers and < PROPFEMALE > for present day ... Hmmm 
Supposed to watch 2012 with < PROPFIRST > today ... Well see how that goes 
I cant wait till i get off work ... And i havent even got there yet 
Sooo i have shopping to do ... But i dont feel Good so looks like that isnt happening today ... Cant wait till next week , hes gonna take me shopping ... :-) 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s house tomorrow to help him pack ... Ill probably get to know his mom a little better in the process ... That should be good since she wants to get to know me ... Hopefully i feel ok tomorrow ... Since i been sickish since friday :-/ i do feel better now tho than i did before ... 
I need a car ... Its hella cold outside :-/ ugh 
At home with my boyfriend ... Hes great 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? ( Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status as well so I can comment yours too . Be a good sport and play along . ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ... Make it great !!! 
So how was everyones christmas ??? 
At my boyfriends house ... In the bed ... Under the covers .... Its cold out there !!!!!!! 
Wow ... 
Ugh stressful day at work ... Needa go home and relax 
Ugh ... Stressful day at work ... Needa go home and relax 
So ive decided to just buy a new charger for my laptop since it doesnt seem like ill be gettin my other one anytime soon ... Ugh this is a little on the irritating/frustrating side ... Anyways ... Cant wait till friday !!! 
Wats wit all these people runnin around wit no common sense 
Ten holes ... Got the tenth one today !! Now headin to my lover boy's house ... :-) 
Tomorrow is a month ... Cant wait for that ... On my way to work wit a mega headache ... Guess its time for that stupid shit again .... Damn ... Cant wait to see my man tho eep 
Goin to my boyfriend's sister's baby shower today !!! I'm excited . Never been to one before . He told me the sweetest thing last night :-) \ 
* LoverBoy&PrettyGirl * 
So my comp was trippin ... so i had to take it to get fixed ... who did i take it to ?? Bako Oganyan hes the freakin best ... i got my comp back today ... with the problem fixed ... if u have a computer problem ... hes the man !! 
s < PROPFEMALE > oo i wasnt feelin good today ... :/ my back hurt i was nauseous and hella tired ... my poor boyfriend was < PROPFEMALE > worried ... anyways ... feelin lots better now ... well except my back hurts still bbllaahh 
Back home .. havent been here for more than an hour since wednesday morning ... now im back .. :) 
thinkin today about how life used to be and how happy i am about how life is now ... im so thankful for the people i have in my life ... other than that gettin ready for church ... then comin home and cleanin my room them doin my hair ... < PROPFIRST > is supposed to come over today ... so thatll be in there somewhere 
<3 
ugh .. did the stupidest thing yesterday and now i cant go to work today ... :/ no cool 
Not goin to work again ... ugh i hate when im sick or dont feel good ... :-/ 
goin back to work today after two days off ... im feelin pretty great ... 
Ugh ... Some people just dont understand just how important family is ... He needs some freakin sense knocked into him ... Maybe then he'll understand ... 
lol so i thought i was investigating what kinda pics < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has on the website ... there are pics from the first youth round up i went to ... that was freakin ... i donno 3-4 maybe 5 years ago ... i cant remember ... but yea i was like wows 
2day i went 2 Arby's 2 get a chocolate turnover . i went through the drive through so after ordering i went to the window ... well there was a car already at the window .... so after they leave i pull up ... and the lady looks at me looks in the bag and tells me she gave my turnover to the person that was in front of me ... now i hadnt paid for it yet ... but the one i ordered was the last one !!!........................ 
YYAAYYYY !!! 
eekkk cant wait till tomorrow after i get off work !!!! i am so freakin excited 
Happy birthday big and little brother !!! I love you both !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > im at the hospital with < PROPFIRST > !!! His sister had her baby today !!! She is sooo cute i got to hold her and everything !!! 
bblllaahhh .... today is the most boring day almost ever ... i need a car ... i plan to have one by the end of next month !!! that would be great 
the joys of bein irritated :) 
<3<3<3 HAPPY HEART DAY FACEBOOK WORLD !!!!!!! <3<3<3 
goin to work early today .... then after work < PROPFIRST>'s!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > i just watched No Strings Attached ... its a pretty good movie 
Hello wonderful FB friends ... Ive apparently been recruited to help my dad .. He and his mother will be making and selling apple and apricot turnovers !!! they will be $1.50 for each one ... ssoo if you would like to order some let me kno !!! 
ok lets try this again 
im awake ... it sux 
just got home ... today was really hard ... but i got through it ... good luck tonight at your game < PROPFIRST > Pree make your sister proud 
eeekk !!! ordered a new phone today !! cant wait till it gets here 
wondering whats wrong wit the world these days ... cant wait to see what ends up happening wit that situation ... 
gettin a new phone next month wit a new number and everything eep 
< PROPFEMALE > 
lol back home after bein gone since wednesday ... sittin here watchin my mommy play a Kinect game 
thinking about wat happened this week and how it made me feel ... and wondering if itll happen again ... i hope not cuz i dont think i can handle it a second time ... 
super blah right now ... 
lol so i got an xbox live account today lol ... pretty sure i wont be using it very often ... i dont play xbox very often ... but its a free triall so i figure why not ... and mom got the kinect yesterday so yea ... imma play that ... not a lot but ill play 
ssoo im trying to see where i can download songs but not pay hella money for them ... any ideas ??? 
watchin cartoons wit < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > .... they are weirdos !!!! 
so ill be gettin a new number wit a new service and everything one the 1st maybe 2nd of next month ... cant wait !!! 
Blah blah blah 
21 this year yippy !!! Cant wait ... I have yet to decide on wat to do ... Ive had some ideas but im not sure about any of them anymore ... Hmmm what to do what to do ??? 
Babysitting lil miss cuteness :-) her mommy went to the store so i told her id watch miss sahara ... Shes < PROPFEMALE > cute ... 
uugghh dont feel good ... 
Gettin ready to get up and get dressed for work ... today is supposed to be nice ... eep summer is slowly but surely comin !!! cant wait ... anyways ... have a good day everyone 
lol i cant wait till they snap into reality ... lol itll be great 
Yippee !!!!!! New phone 
crazy week ... a little drama but its all over now ... thank goodness ... and God too ... havin fun wit my new phone lol .. i feel like a little kid wit a new toy :) 
talking to < PROPFIRST > Douglas <3 ... he's at work ... on a break ... i donno how he survives workin graveyard ... i would die from lack of sleep ... 
