Can't sleep and work at 8:30 :P 

Longest funnest week of my life ! 
It's the weekend yeah < PROPMALE > finally ! 
Doing homework till i got to work ish maybe ill throw in a nap too :) 
Ash crack is curling my hair cuz we are all sorts of bored ! 
Sitting on my couch with < PROPFEMALE > .. and we are going to watch a movie Yay ! 
Is gettin sick off all the otter pops me and < PROPMALE > drizzle have eaten ! Ha . 
Just had cafe rio mmm my addiction ! 
had a pretty sucky weekend hope this week goes good ! 
Sick of school omg kill me now ... 
Not tired at all stayed up super late last night with the fam .. and me my sis and mom didnt wake up till 4:30 lol .... 
Cleaning the house yeah < PROPMALE > . 
Your mama is so fat , she stepped on a scale and said : Look , theres my phone number ! 
My knee hurts from fallin in raquet ball garsh dang nabits . 
PAC MAN WARS my house right now !! Who wants to get spanked ! 
I have my Biology Lab tonight . Really being there for 3 hours listening to a man that looks like a freakin turtle . i hate it and dread going to it omg . GRRRRRRRRR . 
Called my professor an asshole today ooops ?!!?!! 
I prefer day dreams over reality ! 
Always forgive your enemies - Nothing annoys them more . :) 
Worked till 11 just got home . My whole body is achy , every time i cough my throat feels raw and i'm freezing to death . Kill me now being sick sucks so bad ..... 
Had the most unproductive day today it was amazing :D Makin Orange Juice MMM Delish ! 
Uh my mother told me it's time for a change and wants me to move out .... anyone wanna let me crash under their bed ? 
Played darts at work tonight :) Then got in trouble cuz i talk to much : x Tomorrow should be amazing semester break starts YAY !!! 
Went too the eye doc today due to blurred vision ... got me some contacts it's like a whole new world i can see it's beautiful ! 
Had the funniest most awkward lunch experience today ! 
Sitting at the computer lab doing homeowork , thinkin i could consentrate better ummm NOT really ... i like people watching too much ! 
Yay for FRIDAY amen ! 
Is that a fat joke ? 
Haunted Corn Maze then Paranormal Activity yeah you can say lights are on and i dont know if im gonna get much sleep tonight . 
Watching The Proposal with my baby sissy ! 
I want it to be summer again ! I hate the cold :( 
Frosted Flakes they're more then good they're GREAT ! 
She wears high heals , I wear sneakers ... 
Homework time then math review at 5 yippee doo da day ! 
My friend found some dog toys in my moms back seat and said \oh you have dogs ? \ " as he held up the dog toys ! I replied \ " NO those are for my little sister\ " :) " 
Two words MAN VOICE ! 
Bahaha teaching my parents facebook ! 
Oh baby oh baby i don't work tonight super excited :) 
Laugh when you can , apologize when you should , and let go of what you cant change , kiss slowly , forgive quickly , play hard , take chances , give everything , and have no regrets life is too short to be anything but happy .. 
Super pissed someone put a lovely CRACK in my windshield ... throwing a rock hmmm ? 
White boys should not get corn rows lol it looks rediculous ! 
Some peoples kids ... 
Just watched the strangers :/ I need to watch a happy movie ... ELF !! 
Thanks to everyone that wished me Happy Birthday :) 
Bored . Call me Beep me if ya wanna reach me . 
Wants to pack up and runaway from this town .... 
My new home is school :P Sittin in the library once again bleh . 
I was named after the song < PROPFIRST > by Bread . And my Mamma was named after < PROPFEMALE > by Plies . Haha ! 
Attempting my essay for the 3rd time today .......... 
Fed the horses in the snow with flip flops on .. cant feel my toes ! Now off to Outback with the fam :) 
Ha a super fun field night of adventures :) 
Sweats and Hot Chocolate it's that time of year :) 
Me and my sister come as a pair ! You take her you get me ! You take me you get her ! I luv my dingnut of a seeester !!! 
You and me could write a bad romance ! 
Can't really wing college like i winged high school ...... 
Math 1050 Book 4 Sale and English 1010 any TAKERS ??? 
Sorry to everyone that was gettin those instant messages from me i changed my password so it should have stopped . If yours starts doing it change your password .... 
Finals are over ... back to reality ! 
If anyone gets bored tonight and wants to come to TJ MAXX to visit me i work till 1130 yeah < PROPMALE > ! 
My sister < PROPFEMALE > is like a dog everytime she sees me she just gets so excited ! 
All that im after is a life full of laughter ! 
Enjoy life . This is not a dress rehearsal ! 
Out of MILK omg im gonna die ... Neighbors can i borrow some milk ? 
It's annoying when you're at a restraunt and the waitress takes your plate when you are still eating the food on it beeezy haha ! 
For a moment the whole world Revolved around one boy , and one girl ! 
Me & Momma r goin on a ROAD TRIP to the Salty Lakey ! We gonna blast some music , so we can dace like RETARDS and sing like we're on CRACK ! 
Chillin in Bountiful ! Had a REDICULOUSLY fun road trip with my mamma ! Going to watch Jettete competition tomorrow ! Miss ya dad wish you were here ! 
I'd have to say today was a good day ! Got out of a $60 late fee from Hollywood Video bahaha ! 
Had the perfect date tonight ! Entertainment- Basketball game . More Entertainment-Played Tennis . Dinner- Red Lobster . Dessert- Frozen Custard . The Boy- My 9 year old cousin McKay < PROPMALE > Rudd :) 
I feel you have a really big problem if you take 70 things into the fitting room to try on at once i mean i could be wrong ? Number 1 if you know you don't want it don't try it on . Number girl you need therapy . Some PEOPLE ! 
Laughing is the absolute best - brings out the best in all of us :) 
I Love my sister more than words can say . If you have a sister who is your best friend and has shared lifes precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without MY SISTER ! ? ? 
Psychology Dropped ! Woop Woop ! 
Ah charger broke tried to fix it when it was plugged in and got me a shock ha ! 
This ain't Hollywood , this is a small town . 
Totally bought a \Shake Weight\ " tonight bahaha ! If you don't know what it is youtube it ! It's funny ! " 
For giggles ... Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
You never know what the future has in store for you ! It's always a mystery ! 
There's somethin bout the way the street looks when its just rained :) 
I love Valentines Day cuz my Mommy always makes us heart shaped sugar cookies mmmm delish ! 
I miss my neices and nephews so much :( 
If it weren't for homework i would be sleepin RIGHT NOW :P 
If i can make it through tomorrow i can make it through anything ... SCHOOL+WORK+HOMEWORK = NEVERENDING 
Tomorrow is FRIDAY :) 
Cleaned the Car ! Bathroom and Room still in progress ! 
The weather is FANTASTIC ! Super stoked i dont work tonight :) 
I absolutely 100% cannot wait until the second SPRING BREAK hits :) 
Watcin Law Abiding Citizen ! 
Had a super fun day with my Mother :) 
2012 Too long they just need to get to the point ... I didn't like it . Nuff said ! 
Babysittin baby < PROPFEMALE > today :) 
I wanna leave this town and go somewhere FUN far far away ! 
Me and Ash came to the conclusion i would look like a flippin CAVEMAN with dreads haha . 
Bounty < PROPMALE > ! Super funny ! Loved it ! 
Zippidy Doo Dah . 
I am not a patient person and i HATE waiting :( 
Life would be such a waste with out family ! 
Omg Allergies + Being sick I could kill someone right bout now good heavens ! 
Spent my lovely Friday night in the hospital my cuz cuz was sick ! When she got discharged i didnt wanna leave it was just gettin good ! Some kids got in a fight and came into the ER they looked dead then the cops came with dogs ah haha ! 
I have an eye infection and my eyes are sooo puffy it looks like i got knocked in the face hahaha ! 
All that i'm after is a life full of laughter ! 
Oh sweet mother of homework if you were a person i would murder you ! 
Everyday holds the Possibility of a Miracle ! 
SLC is FREEEEZING ! But i LOVE it here :) 
Listening to the TITANIC Soundtrack ha ! Now i wanna watch it :) 
Stupid is what stupid does ! 
School + 1 more month = SUMMMMMER ! :) 
I need to learn more about cars so i don't spend over $200 everytime i get my oil changed :/ 
Fiesta Fun , Cars , Gas stations , and Po-Pos makes a fun night haha ! 
Pulled an all nighter tonight still awake and still got a test to study for then off to school at 8 ... School please be over soon you KILLIN ME ! 
Argg < PROPFEMALE > a gift that i was clearly not given haha ! 
Relay 4 Liife tonight :) 
My Mamma and Poppa bought me a trampoline today woo hooo PARTY haha ! 
Hates it when you buy something from the store and love it , then you wash it and it fits nothing like it did at the store ....... 
Going to see the jabbawokeez in Vegas in a few weeks :) 
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry , show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile ... 
Sitting in the hospital with my daddy :( Hope he gets better soon ! 
Vegas in the mornin !!! 
Saw the Jabbawockees they are amazing ! Love Vegas ! 
Whenever in doubt ... GOOGLE IT !! 
I can run a race to lose this waist , but you'll never lose that face !! 
I wanna be laying on the beach in the summer sun ! 
It's always good to see people you once cared for from the past , to remind you there is a reason they didnt make it to your future ! 
If anyone wants to get pulled over drive down Diagnol .. Got pulled over twice on that street last night dang po-pos !! 
Watched The Hills more today and last night then i have my whole life dang marathon haha ! 
Oh how i don't want to work the next 10 days in a row ! 
Homemade Carne Asada and Horchatas for dinner mmm can't wait !! 
There comes a point in your life when you realize ... Who matters , Who never did , Who won't anymore ... And who always will !! 
Off too the gym yeah < PROPMALE > ! 
Michelles LAST Chemo Treatment Tomorrow ! So thankful she has been so strong through it all :) 
Vegas in the a.m. 
Time flies by way to fast in this lil town ! 
So starting to get extremely irritated . On the hunt for White Chicks and Titanic , but they are no where to be found in this town !! 
Dear Summer you went by way to fast ! 
Homework on a Saturday .. and it's only been one week ... haha just kill me now !! 
It's cold outside !! Straight up turn your heater on chilly !! 
Experiencing life at a rate of several wtf's a minute ! 
It's ...... I LOVE MY SISTER WEEK : If you have a sister who has made you laugh , \ 
wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , \ 
cheered you on , kept you strong , prays for your happiness ... then \ 
copy and paste this as your status ! I LOVE MY SISTER ! 
Going to see sexy Tarzan tonight pretty stoked !!! 
Tj Maxx is pretty much like one big yard sale ! 
Pretty sure it's about time to take my sisters license away if she clearly can't even back out of the driveway ... she has hit my moms car , the fence and the light post multiple times , and this morning what does she back into oh yeah my car . SUPER PISSED ... 
The best things in life are unseen that’s why we close our eyes when we k i s s , c r y , and d r e a m ! 
Pretty much the happiest girl in the world right now !!!!! Going to Usher and < PROPMALE > Songz Ahhh !!! 
I like it on the floor ! 
Sooo ANYONE know of cheap tire places with dependable tires in this town cuz im in deep need of a tire due to the fact mine gave out last week and i've been on my spare for a few days now :P 
Sometimes i just wish life could have come with an intruction book ... 
Ready .. goal to accomplish before January 2011 : lose 534 pounds YEAH haha !! 
Dear phone i'm sorry i dropped you in that cup of juice ! \ 
\ 
RIP 
Happiness is a cop car turning his lights on behind you and immediately going past you !! 
Life is tough , get a helmet ! 
\Class Canceled\ " Best 2 words iv'e heard all semester :P " 
Dear SUMMER please come back soon , I miss laying by the pool under the hot sun !!! 
If weezy made it rain i can make it snoooowww ! 
ATTENTION ALL < PROPFEMALE > STATE COLLEGE STUDENTS : Who should i take for History 1700 < PROPFEMALE > Young or < PROPFIRST > Mcleod ?? 
Dear Niquil we were becoming quite good friends till you made me late to work this morning :P 
It's snowing at my house woohoo ! 
Homemade Carne Asada , Horchata , and Tres Leche = HEAVEN !! 
Either the neighbors got a new donkey or their nappy dog is hackin up some lungs ... freakin Winchester lol ! 
It's a lot easier to spend it then make it aka i'm broke : $ 
I have the body of a god Buddha ! 
God saw you getting tired , and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you , and whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched , and saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands put at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the BEST ! Put this on your status if there's someone in Heaven you will miss this Christmas 
Bumble < PROPFEMALE > Booty ! 
Well isnt it just a toasty 26 degrees outside !!! 
So bought some of my school books off craigslist got them for super cheap but its so awkward meeting the people i felt like a dirty pirate hooker ! 
I want a shower radio !!! 
It's FRIIIDAY ! Road Trip ! Look out I-15 me and my mamma are about to start our adventure to the SLC !! 
My nephew is taller then me now and in my book this is not OK !!! 
Had a dog taken from cancer , diabetes , and now epilepsy :( \ 
Why do dogs have to get human diseases it's not fair ! 
Sweet mother of < PROPFEMALE > google is not working ... I cannot function ! 
Love gettin out of class early ...... to watch Jersey Shore !!! 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh ... Stuck up for you ... Drove you crazy ... Got mad at you ... Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Had your back ... Ready to fight the person who ticked you off or made you mad ... and all these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without their friendship . Paste this to your status and see if they know who they are ! 
If anyone wants to switch lives with me this week , let me know and we can get right on that mmk thanks !! 
Almost lost my child < PROPFIRST > tonight in a tragic accident :( I was going to clean his tank and during the transfer to a cup he flopped onto the counter , I then tried to grab him to get him back to the tank when he flopped to the floor ! I got him safely off the floor , he is now fine and well back into his tank ! As of now there is no sign of fin or head trauma he is eating and swimming as he did before ! 
Working retail SUCKS ! I need to find other options !! 
Blueberry :P 
I need a Vacation to somewhere WARM and BEAUTIFUL !! 
Yay my BEST FRIEND/BABY SISTER was hired !! We get to work together this could be trouble :) 
I am a cereal drugy ! 
Move over Weight Watchers , there is a new way to lose weight ... It's the \I can't afford to buy groceries to feed myself because I just filled my gas tank\ " diet . " 
I think self checkout was invented by a guy who had to buy tampons ! 
One year ago today one of the most important people of my life my cousin < PROPFEMALE > was diagnosed with Breast Cancer and all i got to say is i'm so glad she is still here !!! It's a battle , but it's possible !!! 
