So glad the kids are old enough to sled by themselves . That way I can be a slouch and sit in front of the fireplace and watch football . :-) 

There is no chocolate in the house and I could REALLY use some ! 
After a few days escape , it is back to the world of cell phones and internet access ! Got a voice mail from < PROPFIRST > at Basic Training in < PROPFEMALE > . He is doing fine ! 
I need to download more music on my iPhone . I've run out of Jazz today ! 
is physically , mentally and emotionally exhausted . Blame is on the heat index ! Glad it is the weekend . Should be cooler Sunday . 
If he was in Springfield , < PROPMALE > Poindexter would sing : HOT HOT HOT !!!!!!!!! 
has decided to do laundry , clean house , listen to CBS reruns and eat pizza this evening . Very energetic tonight ! 
It is amazing when people continually do the wrong thing to others and then they refuse to see the fact they are doing wrong ... I mean really .... what's up with that ? 
< PROPMALE > the cat and I just eliminated a bat from the house . I'm so glad there wasn't anyone around with a video camera ! I don't know if the bat survived or not and I'm not going to check . 
Bat did not survive . I bagged it in a ziplock and left it on the front porch . Called animal control to pick it up and have it tested . After they stopped laughing over the phone they agreed to come pick up the remains off my front porch ... 
is finishing up her work day in a bit . Going out with friends tonight . Yay ! 
is watching a < PROPFIRST > Bond marathon and doing laundry . 
is grilling hot dogs and watching a movie ! 
is working on Excel spreadsheets and listening to jazz . 
is stuck at the office during lunch . It's going to be a very LONG Monday ! 
I finally fixed the email problem on my laptop , but I sure can't tell you how I did it . I laugh at the term \user friendly \"!" 
has a blackberry curve for work and and an iPhone for home . I feel like I have a split personality ... 
is really loving the weather ! Could use a great weekend ! 
I am SO GLAD it is almost 5:00 ! 
just downloaded the new KY3 station iPhone app . Pretty slick ... easy to use ! 
“Love” is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own . - < PROPFIRST > A . Heinlein ( Jubal Harshaw , Stranger in a Strange Land ) 
is spending the evening with < PROPMALE > and friends . Eating cheese dip , pigs in a blanket and watching < PROPMALE > Potter 5 in surround sound ! 
is off to see < PROPMALE > Potter ! 
Sometimes life is the pits ! Guess I could write a country song ..... 
Rain , rain go away , come again another day ... 
I don't think I can handle an extra inning Cardinals game two nights in a row ! Come on Cards win already ! 
is finished recording for the night . We as a group are pleased . Anxious to hear the final mix . 
is hitting the road for a couple of days ! Beautiful weather to drive ! 
has had about as much Monday as she can stand ! 
Come on Cardinals !!!!! 
looked for the meteor showers between 3 AM and 4 AM this morning and never saw anything . Did anyone else ? 
is excited about jazz band rehearsal tonight ! Gonna be a long one ! 
is going to go < PROPFEMALE > out with some great girlfriends this evening ! 
is off to Branson to play keyboard tonight ! 
is watching the < PROPMALE > Presley movie marathon and eating cheese dip 
has decided to stay in tonight and read while watching the Cardinals game 
has a monster headache . Hope it is gone before the Cardinals game comes on tonight ! 
is beginning to wonder if she should have brought the raincoat/boots with her today and not just the little polka dotted umbrella ! 
It's Friday ! It's Friday ! ( dancing around in circles ... ) 
is having tea and mini bagels with her friends < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
is off to rehearsal tonight 
is getting ready for another rehearsal . Liking this tech booth thing ... no costumes , no heavy makeup , no wigs and no shot embouchure by the end of the show ... 
is going to a final rehearsal . Show starts tomorrow ! Yay ! 
is painting her mailbox while the humidity is in the range , the temperature is in the range and the wind isn't blowing above 20 MPH . Gee , you wouldn't think painting a black box would take so many scientific stats ! 
Wow , today is such a MONDAY . I'm glad I have jazz band tonight . I need some FUN ! 
It is a gorgeous day ! I wouldn't mind several weeks of this ! 
If you ever need a ' pick me up ' I highly recommend Haagen-dazs Chocolate-Chocolate Chip Ice Cream ! 
has spent too much time doing work in the backyard in the last few days in the great weather . I've been hit hard with fall allergies ! 
For a Tuesday .... it sure still feels like Monday . However , it is a short work week ! :-) 
Happy 40th Birthday Scooby Doo !!! 
Go Steelers !!! 
Going downtown to record some swing music with friends . Heard rumor there may be some Christmas music in the book . That might encourage me to decorate the house for the holiday earlier than I already do :-) 
It's Friday ! ( Happy Snoopy dance ... ) 
Wondering if anyone else notices it ALWAYS rains on the Cider Days Festival :-) 
There is nothing like a scoop of Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream to inspire you in the middle of the afternoon ! 
Just when I think I understand technology ....... Oy ! 
I've tried 3 music keyboards and 4 different audio connections in various combinations and I still have a ' hiss ' in my audio recording input . I think it is time to call it a night and maybe I'll have a revealing solution after I get some sleep ! 
TGIF ! ( happy Snoopy dance ... ) Time for great friends and great fun ! 
Almond crusted chicken breast on top of a fresh salad with < PROPFEMALE > dijon dressing . Sometimes it is so yummy having an employee cafe branched off of Hemingway's Restaurant . 
may have to come up with some type of boat or raft to get to rehearsal ! 
is ready for the weekend ! 
College football , Cardinals and Christmas music arranging , Going to be an awesome Saturday afternoon and evening ! 
frame of mind is very \down\ " today . Maybe it is the weather .... " 
Rehearsal tonight .... a little swing ... a little jazz ... mucho stress relief ! 
TGIF and the sun is shining ... well , the sun is shining temporarily anyway .... 
has a 5 hour long meeting today ... not sure I can sit still for that long ! 
is off to see \I Love You Because\ " tonight at MSU " 
< PROPFEMALE > day and chocolate chip pancakes .... gotta love Saturday mornings ! 
has decided to sew on a giant pumpkin and watch the Steelers game at the same time . Score is close at half time so pumpkin progress may be limited ... 
Steelers won and the huge pumpkin is sewn ! Time for a chocolate break ! 
Solution for a gloomy afternoon in the office : Scoop of Chocolate Caramel Cashew ice cream . Yum ! 
notes multiple days of gloomy weather has caused despondent moods in the office 
is noticing it always storms on the nights I have to haul extra equipment to jazz band rehearsal :-) 
is excited about rehearsal tonight . It is actually NOT storming . Equipment will enjoy not getting soaked for once in the last month ! :-) 
Back to back rehearsals tonight ... wow , you would think the holidays are coming up :-) 
It's hard to laugh at yourself and at life when you can't see through your tears ... 
24x36 < PROPMALE > print , frame , drill , drill bits , hammer , eye hooks , wire , screwdriver and a 13 year old < PROPFEMALE > equals 1.5 hours to frame and < PROPFEMALE > the < PROPMALE > print . We had a good time though :-) 
Off work the rest of the week . Yay ! 
Great deal on sofa . Delivered . Wrong : It has recliners . No longer comes in basic so I get recliners . Cool ! Next day can't work recliners . Under sofa looks like engine . Call : Don't have a cord . Cord dude is off today . Next day : We gave you the wrong sofa . Are you home all day ? Yeah , I sit around and eat bon bons all day waiting on confused delivery people . LOL ! Hope I have a sofa before end of day . 
Looking forward to rehearsal tonight for Christmas services on Sunday . I LOVE Christmas music ! 
After winning a Christmas tin box with three levels of Godiva chocolate truffles yesterday , I have elected to go with a fruit and soy protein smoothie for lunch today :-) 
\What the New Year brings to you will depend a great deal on what you bring to the New Year . \ " - < PROPMALE > McLellan " 
? ? D - E - F - D - G# ? ? 
This southern girl STRONGLY dislikes sub zero temps and wind chills ! 
OK it took me 3 tries to parallel park my monster SUV downtown this afternoon . I don't know who was laughing harder ... me ... or the guy on the sidewalk watching me :-) . 
used ABBA for working out tonight . Should have danced and sang around the house instead of using the treadmill .... it was fun ! 
has been programming online tests all morning . So far I 1 ) definitely need more caffeine today ; 2 ) am already craving human interaction ; 3 ) have a renewed appreciation for my IT friends ! 
Holidays are over . Time to get back to gig rehearsals . Instrument of choice tonight ? Alto Sax ! 
? ? It's Friday ! It's Friday ! ? ? 
After some Beatles and < PROPFIRST > Halen Rock Band a < PROPFEMALE > Wars marathon is starting at my house . Too bad I'm not there ... sounds kinda fun :-) 
Watched ' how to ' plumbing video clips online , diagnosed problem , bought parts , replaced parts with a tool I don't know the name of :-) . Cost of parts $6.48 . Proving to myself I can handle home repair in a pinch .... PRICELESS ! 
My computer has lived to process another day ! I think it picked up on the fact that I was planning its demise ! 
What do you get when you take a group of college kids and watch them try to hook up laser disc hardware from the late 80s to a surround sound TV/system that is only a few years old ? Entertaining chaos ! :-) 
Got some iced tea , got some hot tea , got the music volume cranked up ... going to program online tests for the rest of day . 
I would like to cuddle with my pets in front of the fireplace and watch TV tonight . However , I'm a team player so I'll get out in the cold , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > stuff and go to rehearsal ! 
Why do Mondays have to start out at 200 MPH ? Can't they at least start below 100 sometimes ? 
Have rehearsal tonight . Will have to catch < PROPFIRST > on the DVR when I get back . I'll be sure not to check FB updates before I watch so I don't see spoilers . Go < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'm in a FANTASTIC mood today , in a hyper-happy sort of way . Watch out energy vampires , you have met your match ! 
Interesting to come out after a 3 set gig to an ADDITIONAL 8 inches of snow on the vehicle . And ... it is STILL snowing ! I'm ready for some chocolate , ibuprofen , hot tea and a back massage . The weekend has begun ! 
Just shoveled the sidewalk . Wow . That is a lot of snow ! Glad it is ' fluffy ' 
A guy in the cafeteria just told me I was weird for humming and smiling on a Monday morning . I considered throwing my 32 oz . ice tea in his face , but , I refrained :-) . 
Sometimes you just can't beat eating a package of Peanut M& Ms. .. after they are sorted by color of course ! 
? ? It's Friday ! It's Friday ! ? ?. Happy Snoopy dances all around ! 
Sometimes you can be pleasant , force a nice tone of voice , try to be quick to the point in a conversation and still get a negative and hateful response just because its you . Why do I even try ? Time to work off the frustration on the treadmill . I choose ABBA Gold for tonight ! 
is off to \tickle the ivory\ " for a few hours ! " 
It is snowing AGAIN ! Crumbs , DangerMouse ! 
Great friends ! Great evening ! Everyone have a wonderful week ! 
I feel like I live in Minnesota :-/ 
\My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Kettering " 
Just for the record , I think the new Chocolate Cheerios are really good , even at 10:30 at night :-) 
Why would an ice skater think ruffled checked gingham is a good costume item ? Maybe it is just me .... 
Sometimes Monday is just another typical Monday 
Guess everyone else's Monday was like mine .... the Gun Range was full and had a line waiting ? 
It is Friday ! Happy Snoopy dances all around ! 
Had a very busy and great weekend . I'm physically and emotionally exhausted , but I think that will help me sleep well tonight to tackle Monday first thing in the morning ! :-) 
I am so ready for spring ! I want Cardinals baseball , lots of sun , warm breeze , flowers , BBQ on the grill , outdoor activites .... not asking for too much am I ? :-) 
Girlfriends chatting , Asian buffet ( yum ! ) and Vietnamese soap operas - Lunch was a hoot ! 
Beautiful outside , but I need to stop daydreaming , buckle down and work on a music project . It is going to be a great day ! 
? ? Monday , Monday , Bah-da bah-da-da-da .. so good to me , Bah-da bah-da-da-da ? ? 
As moms we can only protect and buffer our children so much . Eventually a reality will happen they must face without us as the buffer .... then we will be there to support them and pray they will be stronger in the long run . 
Very busy weekend coming up ! Lots of fun ! Yay ! 
? ? It's Friday ! Yay ! ? ? 
Just removed a bat from the house . I thought I was a brave person but I'm not ! Might sleep once heart rate is down . Ticked bat survived ordeal for those of you concerned for its safety . :-) 
? ? Everybody's working for the weekend ! ? ? 
OK , I've had about as many \opportunities\ " as I can handle today . Let's be real and call them what they really are ... problems :-) " 
Took today off from work ! Got lots of fun planned all day ! 
\A true friend is one who thinks you are good egg even if you are half-cracked . \ " -anonymous " 
Anyone looking for a part time ( about 30 hours a week ) clerical job in the Branson area send me a message this morning and I'll get you some contact info to apply . 
Is it Friday yet ???? 
Very soggy Friday , but hey , it is still Friday !!! 
Giving blood . Best part will be the chocolate Swiss rolls I get to eat afterwards :-) 
My sweet Grandma's birthday is Sunday . She turns 90 . We are having a big party in her honor ! Way to go Grandma ! 
In KC eating southwest eggrolls . Yum ! 
45 < PROPFEMALE > until the Daughtry concert ! 
Yes it is true . Practical , logical and predictable < PROPFEMALE > eloped yesterday . No , I am not crazy . I am very , very happy ! Have a great rest of the weekend FB friends :-) 
Thanks to all of you for the sweet comments and congratulations ! 
Just got soaked on a ride at Six Flags ! 92 degrees doesn't feel so bad now :-) 
What do you get when everyone in St. < PROPFIRST > gathers at the Arch for the fireworks display ? Organized chaos :-) 
It's almost noon here in the middle of the U.S. Countdown to the weekend has begun ! 
Friday afternoon at the office ... ah .... programming tests on the computer and chair dancing to 70s rock ! 
In Walmart shopping for school supplies ... Elvis has now joined us on the aisle . LOL 
Friday , Friday , wherefore < PROPMALE > thou Friday ? 
My 8 year old just called me . He is in his kiddie pool , sitting on a floatie , talking to me on a cell phone and waiting on his Dad to bring him a Happy Meal for lunch . I commented that he is spoiled rotten and he responded , “I’m not spoiled , I am well loved” . 
Two observations ; 1 ) Everyone is nicer when the temps are 20 degrees cooler and 2 ) the dog is suffering from more separation anxiety than I am with school starting back up . 
Weather is beautiful AND it is Friday ! What a great combo ! 
Sometimes Monday is just ..... a Monday 
Just heard a new term on the news here in Springfield . \Urban Chicken\ " .... give me a break . LOL ! " 
While shopping in the < PROPFEMALE > aisle for my niece's birthday I suddenly had the realization ... after all these years poor < PROPFEMALE > is still tromping around in those super high heels .... bummer ! 
Rehearsal tonight , < PROPMALE>'s BDay party tomorrow night , trip out of town this weekend , cooler weather ...... it just doesn't get any better than all that ! 
Note to self : never try to turn left onto Kearney from Walmart at 5:05 on a Friday afternoon 
After work today I have a meeting and two music rehearsals . Days like this make me very thankful for my Nike shoes ! 
115 degrees temp and the California utility system is not a good combination . < PROPMALE > ( my oldest kiddo ) has been without power over a day now in most of their city , hopefully back on by tomorrow . However , the university does have power . There appears to be excitement about the air conditioning and the ability to charge cell phones :-) . 
Working on more Christmas music tracks tonight . I've decided headphone hair is actually worse than baseball cap hair :-) 
I cannot find the words to adequately express my happiness at today being Friday !!!!! 
? ? It's Friday ! Do the happy Snoopy dance ! ? ? 
In the mood to organize and restructure various areas in the house . Guessing that is ' fall cleaning ' as opposed to ' spring cleaning ' :-) 
Sometimes you need a caffeinated Coca-Cola in the afternoon ! 
Happy Birthday Marines ! 
To my wonderful son < PROPMALE > and all the other veterans out there ... Happy Veteran's Day ! Thank you so much ! 
Just finished a morning walk with my hubby . Gorgeous fall morning plus it is Friday !!! 
Baked cookies and painted ornaments while watching football . Getting ready to roast marshmallows in the firepit . My kiddo has me hopping today ! :-) 
What happens when a 9 year old carrying green food coloring ( open of course ) collides with a fifty pound blonde dog ? You get a green spotted blonde dog ! :-) 
Salad for lunch just wasn't the same as the Fried Turkey and all the desserts from last week . LOL . 
Just returned from getting the midnight release of the new World of Warcraft . I may regret this late hour in the morning :-/ 
There are days we are weary of battle .... whatever our battle is . Then we ask if it is really worth it ? Sometimes it is ! 
Cold winter night . Homemade chili . Great combo ! 
Woo Pig Sooie !!! Sugar , Sugar , Sugar !!! 
Go Hogs ! Woo Pig Sooie ! 
Big bang sound and then the power goes out at the house ... may be a cold evening :-/ 
Way to go Steelers ! Yeah baby ! 
High School friends on FB are reminding me that 34 years ago today it had snowed and was extremely cold . We were marching in President < PROPMALE>'s Inauguration Parade ... I suddenly feel old LOL . 
Yay it is Friday ! Weekend is packed full with church , basketball and football ! I'm psyched ! Time for the Happy Snoopy Dance ! 
Steelers on their way to the Super Bowl ! 
Realized this morning that I walk into my office , < PROPFEMALE > up my coat and put on a fleece jacket to wear the rest of the work day . Gee whiz ... I'm turning into Mr. Rogers !!!! 
One of the maintenance guys here at work has already shoveled the front sidewalk three times . Poor guy ! He's still smiling though ! 
4 trips to the grocery store in the last 24 hours . Seriously ? There is a list on the fridge to write items down , I can be called at 3 different < PROPFIRST > ( all with voicemail ) , get email at 2 different addresses both accessible by phone and receive texts . I don't think my availability or communication process is the issue here :-) 
What is the point of getting a flu shot if you are going to get the flu anyway ! Grrrrr ! 
OK ... working in the yard yesterday in a t-shirt in the sun . Today it might snow ! Jeepers ! No wonder I have a sinus headache 24/7 right now ! 
Morning walk . It is gorgeous ! 
DIY's Yard Attack needs to come to my house ! 
Dodged squirrels all the way to church . Between that and the curvy roads I felt like I was in a video game . :-) 
\The trouble with life is there's no background music ! \ " - author unknown " 
