i neeeeeeeeeeed phone < PROPFIRST > , i feel so alone 

MD , CPW . youre both in my thoughts and prayers 
dude fuck ny 
people suck , new york sucks , niskayuna sucks , along with not knowing people . that sucks too 
im beat 
chillin 
did i do something wrong ? 
Tired . Cysed about skating boston tomorrow ... After the 3 hour drive haha , yay for leaving at 8a.m ! Excrpt not really 
Hour-ish away from boston . its rainy :( 
about to go see clash of the titans 
Im exhausted . Waking up at 5 yesterday and going to bed at 12 last might just to wake up at 6 to now be at this shithole for a school 
Ahhh ! 
I dont know what to do 
I hate people 
Most people , not all 
is it too much to ask for , to have friends that arent two-sided ? to atain friends that you can trust , that you can rely on ? i suppose that its too much for me to ask for 
dont post that bs on my profile . thanks 
so ... i fell in my pool today in a desperate attempt to save a chipmunk who was chillin by the filter . oh and i forgot to mention , my phone , ipod , wallet , and keys were on me . 
my new phone came in the mail today , im still ipod-less however 
roor 10ish days til im home 
is leaving in 8 days most likely . possibly 9 
Whaaaats good ? 
im pretty sure the storm scared the hunger shitless out of us - < PROPMALE > mcpimp 
drivin back to sunset from south < PROPFEMALE > in a huge storm . fun 
Probably goint to kill myself when i return to new york 
fml 
I hate this 
:( :( :( 
ahhhh ! 
in pennsylvania ... 
Fuck me running ? 
Watchin the green zone . Kinda 
cleaned my garage , my room , my pool . i have no life in this damned state . well also considering the fact that im grounded ... lol .. grounded 
Cambodian breast milk is the BEST 
I seem to be extremely bored 
frustrated 
Just wrote my soul philosophy and it was all deleted with no warning woohoo . Goodnight people 
summer school is a kick in the gooch 
Scheduled my road test . Its not til august 9th :( 
chillin with muh sister an cameo 
just got home 
all day everyday 
lost power at steves last night , chilled in the shed and watched the epic storm brought to us by mother nature 
Chillin 
Nigga 
boringboringboringboringboringboringboring 
i gots tto find something to do 
Damnation oink oink birch 
damn 
I need to get out of here 
People these days are so consceded 
Just got done skatin an takin a dip in the pooool 
Absolutely excellent day 
Argh ! Angerr . Hah sure 
worn out from swimming 
Ahhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!! Why ? 
Ouch 
Tirrred 
Check my backround bitch , im super legit 
I gots to stop livin wit my head in tha clouds 
Philosophical entaglement 
Goodnight world , good day sandman . Its time to reach for the stars , relax , lay down and sleep until the sun rises , to awaken me with the < PROPFEMALE > warmth of a beam of light . Goodnight 
I know how much you like helmets , so i got you a helmet to wear on top of your ol helmet 
What up ? Whats happenin ? All you haters can get at me , cuz i hear ya , an im watching , but im serious , so all i gotta say is whaaat up ... 
Skatepark tomorriw sounds like a winning idea 
Skatepark was a good idea , however im pretty beat i must say 
Pretty beat , straight up 
Kfc should sell watermelon by the slice with the purchase of a crispy fried variety bucket haha 
My hand hurts haha 
Perfectly imperfect 
We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet , thats eight million < PROPMALE > in the sky 
Like a leaf stuck in a vacume cleaner , yall aint nothin but a whole lotta suckin goin on in rap , yeah but im home , bad to the bone , back in the zone 
Here is something you cant understand , how i could just kill a man 
Pretty lights , eh ? 
Wants to skate the next day that is nice 
Chillin , im pretty beat 
Fresh . 
Goodnight 
Mile in 6:54 ... nice 
Sleepless nights and city lights 
Who you tryin to get crazy with ese ? Dont you know im loco ? 
Is feelin like a zombie with a headcold . Sucks 
its the end of the world as we know it 
zombified 
and it begins 
16 hours , feelin like a ragdoll 
Come all you weary with your heavy loads\ 
Lay down your burdens find rest for your souls\ 
Cause my yoke is easy and my burden is kind\ 
I’ll take yours upon me and you can take mine 
Shibby 
Cold yet excited to see people again 
carlisle , < PROPFEMALE > for the night 
almost there ... 
the exact difference between two opposites is the same 
my time here has passed by incredibly too fast 
if only there was a word that i could conjour up and use to precisely describle how i feel 
Stupid people ... 
My fluctuating freestyle 
Goodnight errbody 
Happy halloween peoples 
Xbox live update ? 
Fml 
AHHH !!!! 
Hows my shoe taste ? 
Niggas be tryin to < PROPFIRST > my lucky charms 
Sloppy drunk sex on a saturday night 
A person like you couldnt get laid in a monkey whorehouse with a bag of bananas 
Its a good day ... Except not really 
What the hell is up with everyone having cartoons as their profile picture ? Is that the \in\ " thing to do now ? " 
Not having my phone is killlllling me 
Bitch ass nigga 
I always find it more difficult to say the things i mean than the ones i dont 
Life's a beach and im just playin in the sand 
