< PROPFEMALE > ? It's a family name . No , its a fat girl's name . 

Too much estrogen for one week . 
Oh , My darling make it go , Make it go away . Give me these moments back , Give them back to me . Give me that little kiss- Give me your hand 
Can we go to McDonald's ? I need a nice , tasty Big < PROPMALE > . 
Like clockwork I commit the crime . I pretend to be everything they like . I've been here before , I've seen you before . Why do i read the writing on the walls ? Why do i read the writing on the walls ? 
You used to < PROPFEMALE > on me like The only other choice was falling down . I used to reach for you when I got lost along the way . I used to listen . You always had just the right thing to say . I used to follow you . Never really cared where we would go , Fast or sl 
We could pretend that we are friends tonight , And in the morning we'll wake up and we'll be alright . Cause baby we don't have to fight , And I don't want this love to feel like A battlefield , a battlefield , a battlefield , Why does love always feel like a b 
Like the angel you are you laugh creating a lightness in my chest , Your eyes they penetrate me , ( your answers always maybe ) . 
4 Days 
All stories are fiction . What really matters is which fiction you believe . 
On a < PROPFEMALE > sea of moving emotion , Tossed about I'm like a ship on the ocean . I set a course for winds of fortune But I hear the voices say , < PROPFEMALE > on my wayward son , There'll be peace when you are done . Lay your weary head to rest , Don't you cry no more . 
Funny the way it is , Not right or wrong . Somebodies heart is broken , And it becomes your favorite song . 
Being grown up isnt half as fun as growing up , These are the best days of our lives . The only thing that matters is just following your heart , And eventually you'll finally get it right . 
Get on my level , you cant get on my level . You will need a space shuttle or ladder thats for < PROPFEMALE > . Bitch , watch me . 
Weve all been sorry , Weve all been hurt . but how we survive is what makes us who we are . 
FUGE was awesome again this year , witrh some minor setbacks ... BUT STILL AWESOME ! ------------ \STTTEEEEEVVVVVEEEEEEE ! \ " \ " AYYYY YO \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > PALIN ! 
is afraid of puppies , made of cardboard , and can't watch movies after the sun goes down . Seriously , not even romantic comedies . 
Has added all the people from FUGE he could remember . 
Thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Stocks Brill should stop using random girl's Facebooks to say how hot i am and how he loves me . 
FIRST CORINTHIANS ! 
Life for you , has been less than kind . So take a number , stand in line . We've all been sorry , we've all been hurt . But how we survive , is what makes us who we are . 
AYYY OHHHH ! 
Is this the end of the moment or just a beautiful unfolding ? Of a love that will never be or maybe be ? Everything that I never thought could happen or ever come to pass and I wonder , If maybe , maybe I could be all you ever dreamed , cause you are beautiful 
Even the man in the < PROPFEMALE > disappeared , Somewhere in the stratosphere . 
There's an angel , with a hand on my head , She say I've got nothing to fear . There's a darkness living deep in my soul . I still got a purpose to serve . So let your light shine , deep into my home , God , don't let me lose my nerve . 
Is this a moment to remember or just a cold day in December , I wonder ? If maybe , maybe I could be all you ever dreamed , cause you are Beautiful inside . 
I wanna feel the car crash , ' Cause I'm dyin ' on the inside . I wanna let go and know , That I'll be alright , alright . 
< PROPFIRST > Mann is my idol . 
Lost the game . 
Just got home from work , taking the dog out then going for a run . 
We live on front porches and swing life away . We get by just fine here on minimum wage . If love is a labor I'll slave ' til the end , I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand , Swing life away . <3 
At a cookout in Ruckersville , be back around 9-10 
MI UMBLIGO SE < PROPFEMALE > QUE MONDO !!!!! 
At work till four , be home around 4:30 . 
It's no surprise I won't be here tomorrow . I can't believe that I stayed till today . There's nothing here in this heart left to borrow , There's nothing here in this soul left to say . 
So give me reason to prove me wrong , to wash this memory clean . Let the floods cross the distance in your eyes . Give me reason to fill this hole , connect the space between . Let it be enough to reach the truth that lies across this new divide . Across this 
If you like to gamble , I tell you I'm your man . You win some , lose some , it's - all - the same to me . The pleasure is to play , it makes no difference what you say , I don't share your greed , the only card I need is The Ace Of Spades . The Ace Of Spades . 
\Nothing . we never should have let that white guy off . ~ Were eight black men in an elevator . Of course the white guy got off . \"" 
About to leave work , be home around 3 
Packing .. fun :( 
Has 69 new notifications . haha 69 . 
Maybe I'm crazy , Maybe you're crazy . Maybe we're crazy , Probably . 
< PROPFIRST > take a dive , With your sister in the rain . Let her talk about the things You cant explain . To touch is to heal , To hurt is to steal , If you want to kiss the sky , Better learn how to kneel . ( ... on your knees boy ! ) . 
What about now ? What about today ? What if you're making me all that I was meant to be ? What if our love never went away ? What if it's lost behind words we could never find ? Baby , before it's too late , What about now ? 
FINALLY home from work , taking a nap for a while . 
Just woke up and holy crap what a long nap . xP 
What is love ? Baby don't hurt me , Don't hurt me , no more . Baby don't hurt me , Don't hurt me , no more . what is love ? 
Thinks people REALLY need to concentrate LESS on MJ , and more on what really matters . OK . hes dead . its sad , i know , but does it really matter ? 
You're beautiful . You're beautiful . You're beautiful , it's true . There must be an angel with a smile on her face , When she thought up that I should be with you . But it's time to face the truth , I will never be with you . 
When you're dreaming with a broken heart , The waking up is the hardest part . You roll out of bed and down on your knees , and for a moment you can hardly breathe . Wondering was she really here ? Is she standing in my room ? 
Hates when he sees a new Notification then finds out its for some stupid application . 
Getting a haircut around 10 then chillin at home . 
ALLI < PROPFIRST > , I LOVE YOU !!!! 
You were everything i wanted , you were everything a girl could be , then you left broken heated , now you don't mean a thing to me . Hate is a strong word , but i really really really don't like you . 
Is bored out of his frigging mind and needs something to do . 
So here i go , scream my lungs out and try to get to you , you are my only one , there's just nobody who gets me like you do . You are my only one . 
I wish i could be , Somebody else . I wish i could see , You and myself . I wish there was something inside me , To keep you beside me . And say , What you really feel . You know i need , Something that's real . I wish there was something inside me , To keep you bes 
That was a pretty long walk < PROPFIRST > ... 
GOD my feet hurt ... 
In Syracuse all weekend , minimal computer acces :[ 
Finally home . but i still dont get to sleep . noooooo i have to go to a meeting . Fml . 
< PROPFIRST > Made me lose the game . 
Theres a train leaving town in an hour , its not waiting for you , and neither am i . 
I didn't go to boarding schools , Preppy girls never looked at me . Why should they , I ain't nobody , Got nothing in my pocket . 
TWO DAYS !!!!!! 
Gabby and < PROPFIRST > , sitting in a tree , k-i-s-s-i-n-g ..... 
Bring < PROPFEMALE > up , and Bring < PROPFEMALE > down , lets done start , gotta till the ground . 
Nobody ever plans to fall in love .. 
Is working , so dont send me chats right now . thanks :] 
Thinks old people need to give up on learning computers . its too hard to teach them . 
I tear my heart open , I sew myself shut . My weakness is that I care too much . And our scars remind us that the past is real , I tear my heart open just to feel . 
Someone asked me if i wanted to join their group , so i checked it out . i didnt . so when he kept asking me , i kept saying , NAF NAF NAF ! he still doesnt understand . 
Wishes YouTube would add a ' play all ' button for my favorites list . 
Just saw a < PROPMALE > car crash on Barracks road ( under the 250 bypass bridge ) . like , BOOOM CRASHHHH KERSHPLAM !! 
Fever , turning up the heat , Fever , come on and get sick with me . Give me whatcha got , Cause you know it's getting hot . Fever , I'm turning flush , Fever , I'm burning up , Fevers got me sweating , and you know I'm burning up . FF5 <3 
RIP , < PROPFIRST > . We love you . 
When I hear your voice , It's drowning into whispers . You're just skin and bones , Theres nothing left to take . No matter what I do I , cant make you feel better , If only I could find the answer , To help me understand ... 
It really bugs me when people dont use any punctuation cuz then you can understand what theyre saying especially when they take rndm ltrs out of wrds 
Heading to the beach today , be back Saturday ! 
I've been roaming around , Always looking down at all I see . Painted faces , build the places I cant reach , You know that I could use somebody .. 
I reject your reality and substitute my own . 
*( social experiment )* One question . One < PROPMALE > . One honest answer . You can ask me one question ( TO MY IN BOX ) . Any question , anything no matter how crazy or wrong it is , and I'll answer it . No catch . But post this on your status and see what people ask YOU . 
We live on front porches and swing life away , We get by just fine here on minimum wage . If love is a labor I'll slave ' til the end , I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand . <3 
NACHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Love ( Love ) . This is getting the best of me , And truth be told , you were the start of it all . Now you , my dear , might end up lonely . Before you go , there's something you should know . And this is not the time and place for us to speak like this , If I had the thought , I'd never dream of it . So dry your hollow eyes , and let's go down to the water . Even though its the last time . 
I tried to be perfect ,, It just wasn't worth it , Nothing could ever be so wrong . It’s hard to believe me , It never gets easy , I guess I knew that all along . If you believe it’s in my soul , I’d say all the words that I know , Just to see if it would show , That I'm trying to let you know , That I’m better off on my own . 
And I can't tell if you're laughing , Between each smile there's a tear in your eye . There's a train leaving town in an hour , It's not waiting for you and neither am I . 
Just made a twitter . it is Eva_DeLaSmiley :D 
Don't want to reach for me do you ? I mean nothing to you . The Little Things Give You Away . And now there will be no mistaking , The levees are breaking , All you've ever wanted , Was someone to truly look up to you . And now six feet under water , I do . 
A mental note of you , you sang my < PROPFEMALE > , First bar in a lifelong symphony . The prelude to a kiss , My heart's pounding when I reminisce . 
Press repeat ' Cause I have to see .. The first time that I saw your face , The first time that you spoke my name . The first time when we talked all night , Was the first time love made sense in life . The first time that I felt your touch , The first time I couldn't get enough . The first time that I heard you say , There's a first time with me everyday . 
I still remember .. 
Still we stand with the help of a steady hand . Capture images of boy and man , Till it's done . And 7 years combined is just a flicker of neon sign , Little negative of hopes replayed . Oh we dream a life , It was just like that , was just like that , And just like that , and just like that it's done . 
Is probably one of the happiest guys alive right now ... 
Cant wait :) 
Will be gone all weekend :( 
And I wonder , When I sing along with you , If everything could ever feel this real forever ? If anything could ever be this good again ? The only thing I'll ever ask of you- You've got to promise not to stop when I say when . She sang , Breathe out , So I can breathe you in . Hold you in . 
Id say a 63- 7 win is a pretty good opener ... 
Just finished watching the biggest and most AWESOME fireworks ever , and my dad won VIP seats , t-shirts , free dinner , and free chairs . HECK YES . 
Dont know why i didnt see it coming ... It always does . 
Here I go , so dishonestly , Leave a note , for you my only one . And I know you can see right through me , So let me go and you will find someone ... 
Yes , yes , i know im awesome at the bus stop , but please , dont think i do that for a living ... 
Somebody turn the lights on , Somebody tell me what's wrong , I'd be lying if I told you , Losing you was something that I could handle . Somebody turn the lights on , Somebody tell me how long , All this darkness will surround you , Because I'm burning for you , Burning like a candle . 
Hear me now , you will never be alone . 
Now has over 1,000,000,000 dollars in his Mob Wars account . ( thats with a ' T ' ) 
Tell me where our time went , And if it was time well spent . Just don't let me fall asleep feeling empty again , Cause I fear I might break and I fear I can't take it . Tonight I'll lie awake feeling empty ... 
Is home alone till Sunday night .. this should be fun . 
You got his heart and my heart and none of the pain . You took your suitcase , I took the blame , Now I'm tryna make sense of what little remains , oh . ' Cause you left me with no love and no love to my name .. ' Cause when a heart breaks , no it don't break , No it don't break , no it don't breakeven , no .. 
2 , no 6 , no 12 , BAKERS DOZEN !!! Its the Chronic-WHAT ? -cles of Narnia ! Its the Chronic-WHAT ? -cles of Narnia . 
Im not calling for a second < PROPMALE > , im screaming at the top of my voice . Give me reason , but dont give me choice , cuz ill just make the same mistake again . 
IS GOING TO VTA !!!! HUZZAH ! 
Is getting slightly pissed off at < PROPMALE > . Please stop . i dont really give s s *** , ok ? 
They say bad thing happen for a reason , but no wise words gonna stop the bleedin ' 
Goin downtown in about 30 minutes , Come if you want ! 
My legs still feel like theyre spinning ... 
Need .... some ..... Caffine ..... 
And there's no < PROPFEMALE > when everyone's your enemy , Take your jealous heart and cast it into stone . You'll regret it all , Living behind your wall , And you'll never fall in love If you don't fall at all ... 
\Music is a release from the tyranny of conscious thought . \"" 
\If a man does not keep pace with his companions perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer . Let him step to the music he hears however measured and far away . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau " 
And thats why they call me < PROPMALE > of the Lab . 
\Music is the shorthand of emotion . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Tolstoy " 
AFI's new album is gonna be SICK 
Church in an hour , then TOP downtown .. \Remember the poor - it costs nothing\ " - < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
I said maybe , You're gonna be the one who saves me ? And after all , You're my wonderwall . 
When you are happy , you dont need to fill in the voids- the voids dont exist anymore :) 
is very proud of < PROPMALE > . he must really like her ... xD 
glee + < PROPFEMALE > = Awesome . 
I can feel the beat , feel the beat , feall the beat . 
Now has no reason to stay up , so im goin to bed . 
Going downtown withing the next hour ... :D 
Cant go to < PROPFIRST>'s party tomorrow night , because my mom thinks that he and his friends are stoners ... ok ... 
Carwash was a succes . Over all , i think we made over 250 dollars . 
I'm 15 for a moment , Caught in between 10 and 20 . And I'm just dreaming , Counting the ways to where you are .. 
And Iago loved < PROPFEMALE > like his honor loved < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > love Othelo cuz he had a big .. SWORD ! 
The batter swings and the summer flies , As I look into my angel's eyes . A song plays on while the < PROPFEMALE > is hiding over me , Something comes over me ... 
So come on get higher , Loosen my lips . Faith and < PROPFEMALE > in the swing of your hips , Just pull me down hard , and drown me in love . <3 
There's nothing you can do that can't be done , Nothing you can sing that can't be < PROPFIRST > , Nothing you can say , but you can learn how to play the game : It's easy . All you need is love . All you need is love . All you need is love , love , Love is all you need . 
Wonders why everyone is so pissed all of a sudden ....? 
So i just found out The Airborne Toxic Event is playing here friday ... and i cant go . FML . 
Hes got to be good lookin ' cuz hes , so hard to see . Come together , right now , over me . 
' Cause when you are with me , I'm free . I'm careless , I believe . Above all the others , we'll fly , This brings tears to my eyes . My sacrifice . 
Every single person on my AIM < PROPMALE > list is mobile . Wow . 
I'm here without you baby , But you're still with me in my dreams . And tonight girl , it's only you and me . 
It really annoys me when people ' like ' their own statuses and posts . Its like , okay , i know you like it . OR YO WOULDNT HAVE POSTED IT ! 
Its like the Pulitzer Prize being decided by the Woo Tang Clan . 
Welcome to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Live , Im < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . And these suspenders are prescriptions- they hold in my organs . 
I hear in my mind , All these voices . I hear in my mind , all these words . I hear in my mind , All this music , And it breaks my heart ... 
But drenched in Vanilla twilight , I'll sit on the front porch all night , Waist deep in thought because when I think of you , I don't feel so alone . I don't feel so alone . I dont feel so alone ... 
Needs a hug ... badly . 
Almost felt like shooting himslef tonight . This is going to be intense . 
Tonights going to suck . 
Is looking for something fun he can do without leaving home ... oh , thats right , THERE ISNT ANYTHING 
I'm running out of ways to make you see , I want you to stay here beside me . I won't be ok , and I won't pretend I am . So just tell me today , and take my hand . 
Wore Axe today . Did not get tackled by any hot girls . I'm filing a lawsuit . 
Just say yes , just say there's nothing holding you back . It's not a test , nor a trick of the mind . Only love . I can feel your heart beat through my shirt ... This was all I wanted , all I want . 
Product test . I will wear Axe/ TAG for a few days to see if ANY girls tackle or sniff me in a seductive manner . Will post results whenn finished . 
Shower , then youth group at 5 , ttyl everybody ! 
AHHHHHHHHHH ! AHHHHHHHHH ! I'm about to have a mental breakdown ! I can decide between Strawberry cheesecake ice cream or just strawberry ! 
HOLY CRAP ! i for once have over 100 friends online . yet there are only two people i want to talk to . what are the odds ? 
Congealed fat ... Yummy . 
Hey , < PROPFIRST > , don't make it bad , take a sad song and make it better . Remember , to let her into your heart , then you can start , to make it better . 
They call her love love love , love love . They call her love love love , love love . She is love , and she is all i need . 
\I do not regret one professional enemy I have made . Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
I never loved nobody fully , Always one foot on the ground . And by protecting my heart truly , I got lost in the sounds . I hear in my mind , All these voices . I hear in my mind , all these words . I hear in my mind all this music , And it breaks my heart , it breaks my heart . 
Here I am , I still hold on to this Dream we had . I won't let go of it , Hear me now , you will never be alone .. Here I stand , won't turn back again . Won't leave you , know how hard it's been . Hear me now , you will never be alone .. 
In a different time and place the words could make more sense . In a perfect world , the future wouldn't make a dent . So dry your hollow eyes , and let's go down to the water , Even though it's the last time . 
Oh wow . im never gonna forget tonight ... I love you girls ! 
My name is Xzarso . Xzarso Far . And dont you forget it . ------------------------------------------------------------------- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Kellenberger , < PROPFEMALE > Puck Brown , < PROPFEMALE > Knarzer , < PROPFEMALE > Parmiter , < PROPFIRST > Limif Cooke , < PROPFIRST > Weiss , 
\Are you questioning my Bad-assnes ? Have you seen my guns ? \ " -Puck " 
We'll do it all , Everything , On our own . We don't need , Anything , Or anyone . If I lay here , If I just lay here , would you lie with me and just forget the world ? I don't quite know , How to say , How I feel ... 
Siked for VTA , cant wait ! 
I want you to want me , I need you to need me , I'd love you to love me , I'm beggin ' you to beg me . I'll shine up the old brown shoes , put on a brand-new shirt , I'll get home early from work if you say that you love me . 
Just Rick-Rolled over 1000 people . F *** YES . 
Can anybody find me , Somebody to Love . 
Going over to < PROPFIRST>'s to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . BBl 
Wishes VTA had never ended <3 
What ? A Glee soundtrack CD ? HECK YES ! 
On a dark desert highway , Cool wind in my hair . 
Down On The Corner , out in the street . < PROPMALE > and the Poorboys are playin ' , Bring a nickel , tap your feet . 
Getting washed up and ready for the SECOND , count em ' SECOND , cast party ! 
The silence isn't so bad , Till I look at my hands and feel sad . ' Cause the spaces between my fingers Are right where yours fit perfectly . 
Shot through the heart , and your to vain , you give love a bad name . 
\The quality of rock declined after Bands stoped naming themselves after animals and people from different countries . \"" 
Every minute from this minute now , We can do what we like anywhere . I want so much to open your eyes , ' Cause I need you to look into mine . All this feels strange and untrue , And I won't waste a minute without you . <3 
\whats going on with her ? \"\" Hormones . Whats your excuse ? \"" 
To the left , To the left ..... To the left , To the left ..... Everything you own in a box To the left . 
CAN go to the milano tonight AND < PROPFEMALE>'s party tomorrow ! 
I want you to want me . I need you to need me . I'd love you to love me . I'll shine up the old brown shoes , put on a brand-new shirt . I'll get home early from work if you say that you love me . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Puck Brown , < PROPFIRST > Limif Cooke , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Shumate make my life . 
Here I go , scream my lungs out and try to get to you . You are my only one . I'd let go , but there's just no one that gets me like you do . You are my only , my only one . <3 
I don't want this moment to ever end , Where everything's nothing without you . I'll wait here forever just to , to see you smile , ' Cause it's true , I am nothing without you . 
I tear my heart open , I sew myself shut . My weakness is that I care too much . And our scars remind us that the past is real . I tear my heart open just to feel . 
I'm so confused , I must be losing it , this can't be right ... I never knew that you could choose to love someone then change your mind . So I just wonder why and was it something I said ? 
Here I am , still hold on to this Dream we had , won't let go of it . Hear me now , you will never be alone .. 
Whats everyone doing tonight ? cuz im bored out of my mind right now ... 
Find me somebody to love , find me somebody to love , find me somebody to love , love love , find me somebody to love . <3 
925,600 Minutes . 
The anger swells in my guts , And I won't feel these slices and cuts . I want so much to open your eyes . ' Cause I need you to look into mine . 
Could have crossed the line , it was black and white , no contrast to be seen . What would you do ? What would you do ? Do you know ? Was it all a joke , never had control , I'm not better on my own ... 
Does anyone know any good hitmen ? \Cause i have a use for one . " 
Is going to laugh at everybody seeing new < PROPFEMALE > in about .. 26 hours and 30 minutes . 
All you people can't you see , can't you see ? How your love's affecting our reality ? Every time we're down , You can make it right , And that makes you larger than life . 
I hope some day you have it all , cause I feel like a prisoner trapped inside this broken world , while I'm playing the victim again running in circles . To me it's all the same , and though nothing's gonna change , still I hope someday you have it all . 
Well , this endless crutch , is never enough- Its been the worst day since yesterday . 
I'm already gone , already gone . You can't make it feel right when you know that it's wrong , I'm already gone , already gone . There's no moving on so I'm already gone . 
Is not doing anything today , so if anybody wants to < PROPFEMALE > out or something , Call me or send me an email . 
if anyone wants to go downtown to see a movie , let me know . 
Does somebody own a gun ? because id rather shoot myself than go through tech week . No ? Well then FML ... 
Sooooo i just found out my finger is infected .... Going to the doctor at 1 to get the nail removed . yay . 
MMMMMMMMMMM . Cup of Coffee + 6 packs of splenda + Tons of powdered creamer = Delicious . <3 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2rZxCrb7iU&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqT4VnnEU0M What ? The first few chords are the same ? 
So now im on meds ... for a bruised finger . 
Letting out the noise inside of me , Every windowpane is shattering . Cutting out my words before I speak , This is how it feels to not believe . 
Finally , its over . 
I feel like a hero , and you are my heroine . 
Just found out Cat Tignor Has never heard In the Air Tonight by < PROPMALE > Collins . Im dissapointed ... 
Oh , please , say to me , You'll let me be your man , and please , say to me , You'll let me hold your hand . Now let me hold your hand . I wanna hold your hand . 
Making Chalupas for food day . 
Newbie , if the next two words out of your mouth aren't ' See ya ' then the third word will be ' Oh my god . My crotch . You've punched me in my crotch . ' 
You know what ? Good riddance , and good luck . 
Let the bodies hit the floor . 
DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHEN VHSL IS ???? 
Raichu , you know what to do . 
TEACHER uses Exam ! STUDENT counters with Study ... Its ineffective ! STUDENT feints . Gym Leader ALBEMARLE Defeats TEENAGERS . 
Do you know where your love is ? Do you think that you lost it ? You felt it so strong , but Nothing's turned out how you wanted ... 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > I want ... A slinky . Love , < PROPFIRST > 
As part of the recent privacy settings change , Facebook is now automatically indexing all your info in Google , which allows anyone/everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that reads \Allow indexing . \ " Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status and/or send as mail to let all your friends/contacts know . " 
And that < PROPFIRST > Wilks will come right back to Atlanta when he gets leave and youll be waitin for him there just like a spydah ! 
Who said it was going to happen ? I did . I told you so . 
I am wracked with such hearty guffaws that not only am i rolling to and fro on the floor , but my postierior has separated itself from my body . 
\Rejected . For 10 hours . I mean have you ever had a day where the whole theme was rejection ? \"" 
ASK ME ABOUT MY WIENER ! 
2,222 fans . Yes . 
I just went outside ... Theres like a foot of snow ! OH ! and when i put my boots on , im almost ' 6 \8 ! " 
I now have three of my brother's colege buddies staying here because the highways were closed down . Theyre not leaving any time soon . 
10 years from now , weel look back on this day and refer to it as the blizzard of ' 09 . 
You never ' get past it ' . It just becomes a part of who you are . 
' Cus I don't remember , Love needles in the hay . The life I knew by heart , and lived everyday . The secret codes and signs , you and I , and eye to eye . Wake me up , hurt me , you have to- I forgot how to cry . 
I just want somebody to care ... Is that so bad ? 
<3 I see you sweeping her off her feet , and it kills me inside . But hey- who ever said i got to decide ? <3 
Is it all what you want it to be ? Does it hurt when you think about me ? And how broken my heart is . It's okay to be angry and never let go , It only gets harder the more that you know . Take you away from that empty apartment , You stay , and forget where the heart is , Someday if ever you loved me you'd say , it's okay . 
A pep talk is like a fish . But tough love is like fishing lessons . 
Im sorry . I did not think you would take it as me being serious . Ive known you for five years , i figured you could tell . So here i am , in front of all of facebook , apologizing to < PROPFEMALE > Puck Brown for being a total douche . 
Im dreaming ... of a white Christmas . 
I'm looking at you through the glass ... Don't know how much time has passed . Oh god it feels like forever , But no one ever tells you that forever Feels like home , sitting all alone inside your head . 
THERES A < PROPFEMALE > CANE SHATTERING IN MY MOUTH !!! Oh ... Wait .... thats just the poprocks ... 
I should be crying but I just can't let it show . I should be hoping but I can't stop thinking , Of all the things we should've said that were never said , All the things we should've done that we never did . 
I fought the Law , and the Law won . 
Let it lift you off the ground , Starry eyes , and love is all around . I can take you where you want to go . 
We've been together since way back when . Sometimes I never want to see you again . But I want you to know , after all these years , You're still the one I want whisperin ' in my ear . 
You're beautiful . You're beautiful . You're beautiful , it's true . There must be an angel with a smile on her face , When she thought up that I should be with you . But it's time to face the truth , I will never be with you . 
And if you want to be me , be me . And if you want to be you , be you . Cause there's a million things to do . You know that there are . 
OH THATS WHY MOVIE PRICES ARE SO HIGH ! Oh ... Wait ... Nevermind .... that DOESNT make sense .. 
Well if you want to sing out , sing out . And if you want to be free , be free . 
Going to pack for my trip to < PROPFEMALE > , so i can see Alli < PROPFIRST > , Gabby Roessler , < PROPFEMALE > Redfern , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Redfern . 
Today , we took a class field trip in Spanish class to a Mexican restaurant and were supposed to order in Spanish . None of the waitors spoke the language . MLIA . 
Alli < PROPFIRST > is the best person in the world <3 and so is < PROPFEMALE > Redfern :D 
Won't you come see about me ? I'll be alone , dancing - you know it Baby . Tell me your troubles and doubts , Giving me everything inside and out . 
Foxtrot , Uniform , < PROPFIRST > , Kilo . 
All the crazy stuff I did tonight , those will be the best memories . I just wanna let it go for tonight , that will be the best therapy for me . 
Dear 2010 , Where are you ? I want to write on you , \Evan was here . \"" 
As you < PROPFEMALE > in for your last kiss , \ 
Who in this world could ask me to resist ? \ 
Your hands cold as they find my neck , \ 
All this love I have found , I detest . 
Today is a winding road that's taking me to places that I didn't want to go . Today in the blink of an eye I'm holding on to something and I do not know why . I tried to read between the lines , I tried to look in your eyes . I want a simple explanation For what I'm feeling inside . I gotta find a way out , Maybe there's a way out . 
Who cares ? I know who . 
New years resolution ? Never sleep during 2011 . 
Sometimes , with the windows closed , she'll sit and think of me . But she'll mend his tattered clothes and they'll kiss as if they know . A baby sleeps in all our bones , so scared to be alone . 
We aren't afraid if death . We are afraid people will forget about us when we are gone . 
I would rather spend just one moment with you , than have never known love . 
Brother just came home with a hot date .... Good job < PROPMALE > ;] 
Fear is easier than understanding . Anger is easier than forgiveness . So how do we deal with it ? By acceptance . 
Its not always about what actually happens . Its about how our minds interpret what happens . 
The new Information Age- Where stalking and being followed are good , not bad . 
' Cause I'm losing my sight , Losing my mind . Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine . Losing my sight , Losing my mind . Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine . 
A small confession- I think I'm starting to lose it . I think I'm drifting away from the people I really need . A small reflection on when we were younger , We had it all figured out ' cause we had everything covered . I see the clock and its ticking away , and the hourglass empty . Why the F***do I have to stay ? 
Would it be wrong , Would it be right , If I took my life tonight ? Chances are that I might . Mutilation out of sight And I'm contemplating suicide . Cause I'm losing my sight , Losing my mind , Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine . 
Mmmm whatcha say ? Mmm that you only meant well ? Well of course you did . Mmmm whatcha say ? Mmmm that it's all for the best ? Of course it is . Mmmm whatcha say ? Mmmm that it's just what we need ? You decided this . 
Have i mentioned today how awesome < PROPMALE > Marsh is ? Well , he is . 
I need to let go , let go , let go , let go of this pride , Until this < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > in my mind ... Until this < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > can subside . 
Wit beyond measure is a man's greatest treasure . 
Needs to learn how to make a facebook application . Ill title it , How original are my parents ? Second quiz . It will determine how original your parents were when they chose your last name . The answers ? F , F+ , F- . 
Ever want to see how people people act and react in real life ? Create a fan < PROPFEMALE > that has thousands of fans . Then sit back , and watch them tear it down slowly , piece by piece . 
There's a darkness , living deep in my soul , But I still got a purpose to serve . So let your light shine , deep into my home . God , don't let me lose my nerve , Don't let me Lose my nerve . 
For the first time you could open your eyes , And see the world without your sorrow . And no one knows the pain you left behind , And all the peace you could never find . 
Where are we ? What the hell , is going on ? The dust has only just begun to form . 
And so long to devotion , You taught me everything I know . Wave goodbye , wish me well , You've gotta let me go ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > > Krypontie > Superman > Spaceman > Human > Everytime we Touch . 
Going to see Avatar at 4:30 . Anyone want to come with ? 
Avatar at 4:30 . 
This morning , it was colder in Atlanta , < PROPFEMALE > , Than in Anchorage Alaska or some parts of Antarctica . 
Avatar is sold out ... Going at 8 instead . anybody interested ? 
Lay down my friend , close your eyes , pretend , And i will take you , there and back again . 
Is it sad that people across the country are better friends than some of my friends here ? Im not sure ... 
The song \Thinking of You\ " comes to mind ... " 
You're like an Indian summer in the middle of winter , you're like a hard < PROPFEMALE > with a surprise center . How do I get better once ive had the best ? 
Really likes Brownie(s ) 
Ive got all the lines . Im just not as good with the curves . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DarxCXq206o&NR=1 Gotta stay fly . 
All the right friends in all the right places , So yeah , we're going down . They've got All the right moves in all the right faces , So yeah , we're going down . 
I have managed to convince over 45,000 people that i have been married , and divorced . Win ? I think so ... 
I found a light and then it grew ... I found myself still thinking of you . I felt so empty and now I'm fine . But still it's burning , when will you be mine ? 
I should feel terrible .... instead im having the time of my life :) 
Women are like diesel engines . They take to to get going , but when they do , they can go for HOURS ! Men , on the other hand are like bottle rockets . * imitates bottle rocket noise * . - < PROPMALE > Foxworthy 
Get up , get out , get away from these liars , ' Cause they don't get your soul or your fire . Take my hand , knot your fingers through mine , And we'll walk from this dark room for the last time . <3 
\Its like trying to make a 2x4 look sexy . Its just awkward . \"- < PROPFEMALE > V . Frevarts " 
Does it hurt ? To know I'll never be there ? Bet it sucks , to see my face everywhere . It was you , who chose to end it like you did . I was the last to know . 
Give people complicated instructions and the spend their time figuring them out . Give them simple , straightforward instructions , and they have no idea what to do . 
Its called YES . YES . YES . YES . YES . YES . YES . YES . 
Watching home videos of my brother as a baby . His girlfriend is here . Ohhhh fun times ! 
I’m on my feet I’m on the floor I’m good to go . Now all I need is just to hear a song I know . I wanna always feel like part of this , Was , Mine . I wanna fall in love tonight . <3 
Crimson , and clover , Over , and over . 
\The only way to win the game is not to play at all . \"- Patriot Games " 
Is sorry for how things have turned out . 
\It's an alligator . Rawr . \"- < PROPMALE > Marsh " 
Itsapurse , kay ? - < PROPFIRST > Myers 
We got all the right friend in all the wrong place , so yeah , were going down . We got all the wrong moves in all the right places , So yeah , were going down . 
\We can only be betrayed by the people we trust \"" 
Life isn't like the movies . Life is just a bunch of stories , and sooner or later , they all end . We all just need to learn to go find the next story , and stop rereading the ones that are over . 
Type Alt+84 Alt+72 Alt+69 Alt+71 Alt+65 Alt+77 Alt+69 with the number pad . YOU LOOSE 
Fall asleep , Don't fall asleep . Don't fall asleep . 
My rights to publish updates on 38 Things have been revoked . Wow facebook , wow . 
These are the eyes that can't see me , These are the hands that drop your trust . These are the boots that kick you ' round , This is the tongue that speaks on the inside . These are the ears that ring with hate , Some kind of monster . Some kind of monster- This monster lives . 
Just heard a comercial on Hulu that started out with a chorus of people singing : Kenyaaaaaa . 
Jazz Band dance , be back around 11:30 
So hold me when I'm here , Right me when I'm wrong . Hold me when I'm scared , And love me when I'm gone . 
Just found a < PROPFEMALE > , young , female Cocker-spaniel . Anybody missing one ? 
\Girls are SUPPOSED to dance . Thats why god gave them parts that jiggle . \"" 
Every minute from this minute now , We can do what we like anywhere . I want so much to open your eyes ' , Cause I need you to look into mine . 
Took the dog over to the ASPCA . Hopes she gets back to her owner ... 
All this feels strange and untrue , And I won't waste a minute without you . Take my hand , knot your fingers through mine , And we'll walk from this dark room for the last time . 
Closing time , Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end . 
He's everything you want . He's everything you need . He's everything inside of you , That you wish you could be . He says all the right things , At exactly the right time . But he means nothing to you And you don't know why . 
It's hard to believe that there's nobody out there . It's hard to believe that I'm all alone . At least I have her love , the city she loves me . Lonely as I am , together we cry . 
I know I cannot hide this emptiness inside , But nothing is the same since you've gone . Send me letters from above , Send me strength , send me love . Such sweet love , Sing me songs that < PROPFEMALE > in my head and in my heart . That's where you are . And I don't know if you feel me here , I can tell you one thing that's clear . I will feel you ... Forever . 
Goodnight room , Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > . Goodnight light , And the red balloon . 
Basement's flooded . Exactly what i want to be doing on my day off . 
I just want to tell you , so you know . Here I go , scream my lungs out and try to get to you , You are my only one . I'd let go , but there's just no one that gets me like you do . You are my only , my only one . 
Wake up in the morning feeling like Winehouse . Grab my breezer , Im out the door Im gonna be really loud . Cuz I dont care who I piss off yeah Im a real big sinner . Sometimes I eat my dessert before my dinner . 
Albemarle county has become more and more scared . How do i know ? Because Syracuse can have 6 feet of snow and still have school , while we get canceled for a rainstorm . 
Strange game ... The only winning move is not to play . How about a nice game of chess ? 
Without a sense of confidence im convinced that theres just to much pressure to take . I felt this way before , so insecure . Crawling in my skin , these wounds they will not heal . - Linkin Park ' Crawling ' 
Mom quit smoking ! :DDD 
Well it's all so overrated , In not saying how you feel . So you end up watching chances fade , And wondering what is real . And I Give you just a little time , I Wonder if you realize . I've been waiting till I see it in your eyes . - < PROPFEMALE > Branch ' Breathe ' 
We didn't start the fire , It was always burnin ' since the world was turnin ' . 
Feeeeeeny ! Fe-he-he-he-heeeeeny ! 
Everyone is always searching for the ' one ' . What i always say to those people : Do i look life friggin Morpheus ? 
All you really need , Is everything you could never be . And so you'd give it all , For a miracle . Is there a trace , Inside her face ? Of a lonely miracle ? And so you wait , And lie awake , For a lonely miracle . 
Im trying to find the words to describe this girl without being disrespectful ... 
Life may not be the party we hoped for , but while we are here , we might as well dance . 
Life gets complicated when you cant tell reality from fiction . My advice ? By a deck of cards . 
When i ran the facial recognition thing cat sent me , all but one of the matches were female . WTF ? 
is < PROPMALE > Affleck 
So helpless , pretending , hoping that somehow somebody would see . So desperate for someone , I guess that I thought that someone was her . 
Loves messing with people's heads . 
Even the best fall down sometimes , Even the wrong words seem to rhyme . Out of the doubt that fills your mind , You finally find , You and I collide . <3 
Yeah , because I can see us holding hands , Walking on the beach , our toes in the sand . I can see us on the countryside , Sitting on the grass , laying side by side . See , all I want you to do is be my love . 
Looking at photos of my brother and his girlfriend with photoshopped hearts all over the pictures ... Oh , what fun . 
became a fan of Being a Ninja . The reason why you cannot access this < PROPFEMALE > is because it is so ninja , you cannot see it . 
Dad says there might be MORE snow by the end of the week . Yay ... 
The state of < PROPFEMALE > was not named after the virgin < PROPFEMALE > . It was so named because it has never had sex with any other state . All of the other 49 states are dirty , filthy whores . 
You're waiting for someone To put you together . You're waiting for someone to push you away . There's always another wound to discover , There's always something more you wish he'd say . 
School/ Live arts is closed for tomorrow . Wow , Albemarle , just wow ... 
So apparently , the drama department would be absolutely pointless without me in it . Thanks for the compliment . ;) 
Nobody's gonna f *** on you ! I'm on your side ! I hate Godzilla ! I hate him too ! I hate him ! He destroys cities ! Please ! This isn't your fault . I'll get you some pants . 
Just found my phone ... Finally . 
I wanna heal , I wanna feel what I thought was never real . I wanna let go of the pain I’ve held so long . ( Erase all the pain till it’s gone ) . I wanna heal , I wanna feel like I’m close to something real . I wanna find something I’ve wanted all along , Somewhere I belong . 
When the pimp's in the crib < PROPFEMALE > , Drop it like it's hot , Drop it like it's hot , Drop it like it's hot . When the pigs try to get at ya , Park it like it's hot , Park it like it's hot , Park it like it's hot . And if a * get a attitude , Pop it like it's hot , Pop it like it's hot , Pop it like it's hot . 
So how ' bout that drive in ? 
Unbiased point of view pole : Does the Pit count as part of the drama department ? 
Football is a battle between two teams , with each team striving to score more points than the other by advancing a ball made of pigskin ; it is a game based on selfish motives : every player wants the ball , every team wants to win , and no one ever feels sorry for the pig . 
Does anybody want to do anything today ? I need something to do ... 
Tonight I'm reaching out to the stars , I think that he owes me a favor . It doesn't matter where you are , I'll Hold You Again . Don't leave me alone in this bed ... 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! Because we missed today , we have to make it up on June 11th !! 
School is closed ! 
Wow .... Lost was intense . 
ALLIMERRILLISAWESOMEANDILOVEHERANDMISSHERANDIMHAPPYFORHERANDSHESNOTWHATSHESAIDPOEPLEWOULDSAYSHEIS . I love you , Alli < PROPFIRST > . <3 
Its time to try defying gravity , I think its time to try defying gravity . 
Boom boom boom boom , i want you in my room , lets spend the night together , together in my room . 
Raves 
Everything seems tempting , But nothing comes for free . I often wonder how you drive , when the roads too dark to see . Everything feels tempting , you dont know who to be . I often wonder how you feel , when your lieing next to me ... Its too early , its time to ... Ride , Ride , Ride . 
Goin over to Guillaume's for a few hours , bbl . 
Guess what : We have school tomorrow ! 
I’m on my feet , I’m on the floor , I’m good to go . Now all I need is just to hear a song I know . I wanna always feel like part of this , Was , Mine . I wanna fall in love tonight . 
Woah , were halfway there . 
Guys . I dont give a crap about getting one of this dude's ipod touches . SO STOP INVITING ME ! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > over . All nighter ? Yeah . 
So i was checking my homepage , but instead of there being updates from friends , there was this message : No posts to display . Get some friends to see their posts . Thank you , Facebook . 
Second chances they don't ever matter , people never change . Once a whore you're nothing more , I'm sorry , that'll never change . And about forgiveness , we're both supposed to have exchanged . I'm sorry < PROPFEMALE > , but I'm passin ' up , now look this way . 
That's what you get when you let your heart win , whoa oh oh oh . I drowned out all my sense with the sound of its beating , And that's what you get when you let your heart win , whoa oh oh oh . 
Thank you , H&R Block , for making my Hulu experience this weekend commercial free . Im still not buying your stuff . 
There is a house in New Orleans , They call the ' Rising Sun . ' And it's been the ruin of many a young poor boy , And , God , I know I'm one . 
We are all human . Maybe the reason we live above hell , but below heaven , is because we all have some evil inside , but we also all have good . So forgive the bad , and remember the good , and all will be right with the world . 
Society makes distinctions about what should be , and what shouldn't , But the heart doesn't . It feels what it wants to feel . 
If it was easy , they wouldn't call it life . 
\All im saying is that maybe that girl isnt the girl of your dreams . \"\" Its my dream . \"" 
A dyslexic walks into a bra . 
Hi , my name is < PROPFIRST > , and im a caffinatic . 
You were a child , Crawling on your knees toward him . Making momma so proud , But your voice is too loud . 
I'm not surprised , Not everything lasts , I've broken my heart so many times I stopped keeping track . Talk myself in , I talk myself out , I get all worked up , Then I let myself down . And promise you kid , I'll give so much more than I get ... I just haven't met you yet . 
Oh give me the beat , boys and free my soul- I want to get lost in your rock and roll and drift away . 
This aint Sea-world . This is real as it gets . 
When I really thought about it , i realized its baby horses versus holy men . And then i remember ... its not . 
Yummmmm :D is the new best pickup line of 2010 . 
Its halftime , the Colts are up 10-6 , and The Who gave everyone in the stadium epileptic seizures . 
That effectively ruined my weekend . Thank you , NFL officials . 
It was my opinion , and i dont see the need to justify it to anyone . It has nothing to do with the team . Im tired of fans saying that the team \deserved\ " the win because of what happened to the city . " 
Recently , < PROPMALE > Pratt said he was one of the most famous people in the world . Wait ... Who ? 
Thank you , Facebook , for confusing me further . 
They may take our lives . But they will never take our FREEDOM ! 
Schools closed tomorrow ! 
All you wanted was somebody who cares . If you need me you know I'll be there , Oh yeah . 
The future is what could happen , but it is not definite . Every time you think about the future , the future changes . 
Andddd its snowing . 
Schools are closed !!!!!!!!! 
The only living WWI vet . just turned 109 . Wow . 
On Ebay a stainless steel male < PROPFEMALE > belt sold for 169.69 dollars . Does anyone else see the irony in this ? 
No , Facebook , i DO want to see a live feed . I don't want to see the same posts for an hour . 
It's always times like these , when I think of you , and I wonder if you ever think of me . 
Ive seen love die , way to many times when it deserved to be alive . And ive seen you cry way to many times when you deserved to be alive . Alive . 
I can't decide whether ignorant people annoy me , or amuse me . Probably a little of both ... 
If I could fall , Into the sky , Do you think time , Would pass me by ? ' Cause you know I'd walk A thousand < PROPMALE > If I could Just see you , If I could Just hold you , Tonight . 
No school again tomorrow ? Amazing . Just amazing . 
Just woke up . Best sleep in a while . 
Woah oh ohhhh listen to the music . Woah oh ohhhh listen to the music . Woah oh ohhhh listen to the music , All the time . 
NO SCHOOL ! 
We are kings , We are the queens , We are the kings , We are the queens . 
Is guessing he deserved that ... ( and is sorry ) . Serious starts now . 
So , if raindrops are God's tears , then is snow ... God's cocaine ? 
Going to see Valentines day at & today . Anyone want to come with ? 
Scientist have discovered that < PROPFEMALE > s think that human faces are strange flowers . So if a < PROPFEMALE > starts buzzing around your head don't worry- it just wants to have sex with your face . 
Thank you , Lasers , for being spelled with and ' S ' , even though you would totally be more badass if you were spelled with a ' Z ' . Just saying . 
Just say yes , coz I'm aching and I know you are too , For the touch of your warm skin As I breathe you in . I can feel your heart beat through my shirt . This was all I wanted , all I want . 
Let's waste time , Chasing cars , Around our heads . I need your grace , To remind me To find my own . If I lay here , If I just lay here , Would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
Is home alone for a while , so if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out , let me know . 
You must stick up for yourself , son . Nevermind what anybody else does . 
Bored to no end . If there is anybody who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out , PLEASE let me know . 
\Did you do anything fun today ? \"\" No not really . \"\" Well thats no fun . \"" 
\I wonder why the roses cost so much more . \"\" I think its because they cost more to make . \"" 
Since the invention of the kiss , there have been five kisses voted most passionate . 
Your arms are my castle , you heart is my sky . They wipe away tears that i cry . The good and the bad times . We've been trough them all . You make me right when i fall . 
If I could fall , Into the sky , Do you think time , Would pass me by ? ' Cause you know I'd walk A thousand < PROPMALE > , If I could Just see you , Tonight . 
I can feel your heart beat through my shirt . This was all i wanted , all i want . 
Hands , touching hands , reaching out , touching me , touching you . Oh sweet < PROPFEMALE > , good times never seem so good . i've been inclined , to believe they never would . 
Connor Fanning had an amazing time with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > today . 
Thank you , Olympic Rings , for showing what fruitloops are capable of , if they apply themselves . 
Well open up your mind and see like me , Open up your plans and damn you're free . Look into your heart and you'll find love love love , Listen to the music of the moment people dance and sing , were just one big family . It's our God-forsaken right to be loved love loved love love . 
Aghhhhh so much to do , so little time ... 
HAPPY VALENTIMES DAY EVERYONE !!! 
Goodnight Facebook . Goodnight , mouse . Good night computer , and the whole dark house . 
Has \Be Our Guest\ " stuck in his head now ... " 
Is having a great weekend so far , only made better from the many friend request from VHSL friends ! 
I believe in the sand beneath my toes , The beach gives a feeling an earthy feeling . I believe in the faith that grows , And the four right chords that can make me cry . When Im with you I feel like I could die , And that would be all right , all right . 
Creepy guy pulls up in a < PROPFIRST > , gets outs , knocks on my door . I dont answer . Knocks on the other door . I don't answer . He goes back to the < PROPFIRST > . Get a power drill , walks around house while sizing it up . Sound creepy ? It was just the repair man fixing the phone line . 
I can't escape this hell , So many times i've tried . But theres still rage inside , Somebody get me through this nightmare- I can't control myself 
I try to make it through my life , in my way , theres you . I try to make it through these lies , and thats all i do . Just dont deny it just try to fight this , and deal with it , and thats just part of it . 
Five Guys , and some Starbucks coffee . Yummm . 
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA . I just saw a group about how Axe doesnt work as well as in the commercials , and i tried to join . This was Facebook's reply : You are a member of too many Groups . 
I hate the shift key . Its being all shifty ... 
Does anyone even know who this \Cynthia Cooper\ " is ? " 
My name is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jinglehiemerschmidt . 
It is a curious sensation : the sort of pain that goes mercifully beyond our powers of feeling . When your heart is broken , your boats are burned : nothing matters any more . It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace . 
This town is cold and I , I think its sick of us . Its time to make our move . 
Ma-ia-hii . Ma-ia-huu . Ma-ia-ha . Ma-ia-haha . Alo , Salut , s < PROPFEMALE > t eu , < PROPFEMALE > haiduc . Si te rog , iubirea mea , primeste fericirea . 
Forgetting , All the hurt inside You've learned to hide so well . Pretending , Someone else can come and save me from myself . I can't be who you are . When my time comes , Forget the wrong that I've done . Help me leave behind some Reasons to be missed . 
In the end , it doesn't even matter . 
Because being a whore doesnt count as ' making something in life ' unnless you mean new STD's and/or babies . 
Thanks everyone , for all the walls posts ... all 54 of them . -.-' 
I'm on tonight you know my hips don't lie and I'm starting to feel its right . Love you < PROPMALE > Marsh ! ^_^ 
Feels sick ... going to bed early . 
Tell me that you will listen ? Your touch is what I'm missing . And the more I hide I realize I'm slowly losing you . 
Can't you see that you're smothering me ? Holding too tightly afraid to lose control . Cause everything that you thought I would be , Has fallen apart right in front of you . Every step that I take is another mistake to you . And every second I waste is more than I can take . 
I will never know myself until I do this on my own . And I will never feel anything else , until my wounds are healed . I will never be anything till I break away from me . I wanna heal , I wanna feel like I’m somewhere I belong . 
You're nobody ' til somebody loves you , You're nobody ' til somebody cares . You may be < PROPMALE > , you may possess the world and it's gold , But gold won't bring you happiness when you're growing old . The world still is the same , you never change it , As sure as the stars shine above , You're nobody ' til somebody loves you . So find yourself somebody to love . 
\Did no one come to save me just because they missed me ? \"" 
Hooray for awkward moments ! ^_^ 
What do tigers dream of when they take their little tiger snooze ? Do they dream of mauling zebras , or Halle < PROPFIRST > in her Catwoman suit ? Don't you worry your pretty striped head , we're gonna get you back to < PROPMALE > and your cozy tiger bed . And then we're gonna find our best friend < PROPMALE > , and then we're gonna give him a best friend hug . But if he's been murdered by < PROPFEMALE > meth tweakers .. well then we're shit out of luck . 
The alarm system is blinking . That's supposed to make me feel safe . It's blinking next to every door . The alarm system has eyes and fingers all over the house . It senses things . The system will shriek when something outside starts to come through a door or window . But fear doesn't need doors and windows . It works from the inside . 
“Win as if you were used to it , lose as if you enjoyed it for a change . ” 
< PROPMALE > Marsh and < PROPFIRST > Weiss , I am beyond proud of you guys . 
What am i thinking of right now ? Tacos ? YESSSSS . 
Worp dorp bapt bapt bapt . 
https://twitter.com/EvaDeLaSmiley 
Feels like howling ... 
The face inside is right beneath your skin . The sun goes down , i feel the night betray me . Its like im paranoid lookin over my back , its like a whirlwind inside of my head . Its like I cant stop what im hearing within . Its like the face inside is right beneath my skin . 
I just want to find a guy who doesnt just want to get into my cookies . 
Loves that he can use simple math skills to solve complicated problems , then people think i have superior math skills . 
It`s haunting how I can't seem ... To find myself again . My walls are closing in ( Without a sense of confidence , I'm convinced that there's just too much pressure to take . ) I've felt this way before , So insecure . 
When you're dreaming with a broken heart , The waking up is the hardest part . You roll outta bed and down on your knees , And for the moment you can hardly breathe . Wondering was she really here ? Is she standing in my room ? No she's not , ' cause she's gone , gone , gone , gone , gone ... 
West < PROPFEMALE > - Where its still illegal , but nobody cares about incest . 
Pain , without love . Pain , I can't get enough . Pain , I like it rough , ' Cause I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all . 
Its only when you become really afraid of death , that you learn to appreciate life . 
Dont you just hate it when people wrongly ' like ' your statuses ? i know i do ... 
Lost and insecure , you found me , you found me . Lying on the floor , surrounded , surrounded . 
Things aren’t the way they were before . You wouldn’t even recognize me anymore . Not that you knew me back then , But it all comes back to me In . The . End . 
Anything . Anything at all . http://www.formspring.me/Evadelasmiley 
My brother and his girlfriend are in two different places ... both on his facebook account , arguing with each other ... in a chat bow with me ... Wow guys . REALLY mature . 
So proud of everyone who sang at the concert , especially CiCi < PROPFEMALE > and her jaw-dropping solo ! 
There was a time you'd let me know What's real and going on below . But now you never show it to me do you ? Remember when I moved in you ? The holy dark was moving too . And every breath we < PROPFIRST > was hallelujah . 
Cause its all in my head , I think about it over and over again . And I can’t keep picturing you with him , And it hurts so bad , yeah . Cause its all in my head , I think about it over and over again . 
http://www.formspring.me/Evadelasmiley 
Paranoia is a skill- the secret to longevity . 
Don't let this end now , Slow this dance down . I could stay here all night . Forever . Dance with me forever . 
Life would be so much easier if people would just talk to me . But somehow , i guess they just think that ignoring me is easier . Why does this keep happening ? 
When you were mine , was I for you , Just one cheap thrill ? Just to help you make it ? Dammit I hope you didn't fake it . Hypocrisy has really aged you well . 
Shorts ? What are those ...? 
Wait .... Warm ? Whats that ? 
He's everything you want , He's everything you need . He's everything inside of you That you wish you could be . He says all the right things , At exactly the right time , But he means nothing to you And you don't know why . 
But that's enough for now , he never wanted to leave you broken . He should have held you , things your father never could do . That's enough for now , I would've never left you broken , I would've held you , things your father never could do . 
I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did ,? but people will never forget how you made them feel . 
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing , Just prayed to a god that I don't believe in . ' Coz I got time while she got freedom , ' Coz when a heart breaks no it don't break even . 
There are some people so concentrated on living in the past , that they forget to live in the present , those who are so concentrated on living in the moment , they forget to think about their futures . And those who think so much about the future , they forget to learn from their past . 
< PROPFIRST>'s gone rouge ? WHAAAT ? 
Again , awake before the < PROPFEMALE > of time . 
I thought I'd seen it all , ' Cause it's been a long long time . But then we'll trip and fall , Wondering if I'm blind . 
I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone . But though you're still with me , I've been alone all along . 
My what a guy , that < PROPMALE > ! 
is apparently like every other guy . 
Everything's small on the ground below , down below . What if I fall , then where would I go , would she know ? 
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=11459995&op=1&o=global&view=global&subj=298119912550&id=585420580&fbid=10150117101915581#!/photo.php?pid=30955277&op=1&o=global&view=global&subj=298119912550&id=1488202263&fbid=1289745852245 
So i think everyone needs to go see The Real Inspector Hound , at Tandem . It was hilarious . But even more funny ? The aftershow . \The Three Stooges meet the three hoochies : a Ride Home . \"" 
Well , how can I forget you girl , When there is always something there to remind me ? 
LOTR . Enough said . 
< PROPFEMALE > , can't you see what you are doing ? Can't you see I'm scared to speak , and I hate my voice ' cause it only makes you angry ? Let me do my job . Please , please calm down . Steady out , I'm terrified . Sorry , I want us to ally , But you swing on little knives . They're only sharp on one side . 
Congratulations to everyone who competed , with a special shoutout to Cat Tignor for her AMAZING first place piece . Good luck in States everyone ! 
When I try to move my arms sometimes , they weigh too much to lift . I think you buried me awake ( my one and only parting gift ) . 
We've won Districts , then Regionals , now lets go kill States ! 
Wow . Fun . Great night with < PROPFEMALE > B Heeschen , < PROPFIRST > Lahar , < PROPFEMALE > Matkovich , and everyone else i dont have space to name ! :D 
Oh bed ... glorious bed ... Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir ? 
Drop his name , Push it in and twist the knife again . Watch my face As I pretend to feel no pain . 
When you're dreaming with a broken heart , The giving up is the hardest part . She takes you in with her crying eyes , Then all at once you have to say goodbye . Wondering could you stay my love ? Will you wake up by my side ? No she can't . 
Cause its all in my head , I think about it over and over again , And I can’t keep picturing you with him . And it hurts so bad , yeah Cause its all in my head . 
One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do . Two can be as bad as one , It's the loneliest number since the number one . No is the saddest experience you'll ever know . Yes , it's the saddest experience you'll ever know . `Cause one is the loneliest number that you'll ever do . One is the loneliest number , worse than two . 
I cannot cry , Because I know that's weakness in your eyes . I'm forced to fake A smile , a laugh everyday of my life . My heart can't possibly break When it wasn't even whole to start with ... 
Ours is a desolate and depressing existence agreeably , but it is indeed the only one we have , so we must < PROPFEMALE > it while we can . 
Its funny how one can not care about a thing , but once you try to take it , theirs becomes a grip of steel . 
The worst prison a man can be held by is his own mind . If a man sets boundaries , even unknowingly , only by the most profound acts can he be free of those bonds . 
Everywhere I'm looking now , I'm surrounded by your embrace . Baby I can see your halo , You know you're my saving grace . You're everything I need and more , It's written all over your face . Baby I can feel your halo , Pray it won't fade away . 
EVERYONE FROM GREER : Does anyone remember the British kid named < PROPMALE > ? If so , what was his last name ? I NEED TO KNOWWWWWW ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Knarzer , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Kellenberger , and < PROPFEMALE > Parmiter , i have two pairs of RealD 3D glasses with me , they were left in the auditorium/ Drama room . 
Say so long to innocence , From underneath the evidence . You taste like Heaven , but God knows you're built for sin . You were built for sin . 
Outside by your doorstep , In a worn out suit and tie . I'll wait For you to come down , Where you'll find me . Where we'll shine . 
Soooo ...... first ever state championship win ? Yeahhh 
Nothing to do , Nowhere to be , A simple little kind of free . Nothing to do , No one but me , And that's all I need . I'm perfectly lonely ' Cause I don't belong to anyone , and Nobody belongs to me . 
And I'd thought I seen it all , Cause it's been a long long time . Oh bothered that we'll trip and fall , Wonderin ' if I'm alive . There's been times , I'm so confused- Down my road , will it lead to you ? I just can't turn , you'd walk away . 
In the end , everything boils down to Love . Because even when we hate , we love . 
< PROPMALE > POTTER 7 COMES OUT IN NOVEMBER !!! 
Cause sometimes we don't really notice , Just how good it can get . So maybe we should start all over , Start all over again . 
Sometimes I wish I could save you , And there're so many things that I want you to know . I won't give up till it's over , even If it takes you forever . 
Even if your hands are shaking , And your faith is broken . Even as the eyes are closing , Do it with a heart wide open . Say what you need to say . 
It's never too late to start the day over , it's never too late , pick up the phone . You know it's never too late to lay your head down on my shoulders , it's never too late just come on home . Hold to your children , hold to your children , hold to your children , let them know . 
Love isnt what hurts . Its the rejection of love . But what we have to realize , is that the one we want to love us , isnt always the one we really need to love us . 
It's hard to say , What it is I see in you . Wonder if ill ever be with you . But words cant say and i cant do , enough to prove its all for you . 
All that im after is a life full of laughter , as long as im laughing with you . 
How much is an Eminem ? 50 Cent ? WHAT !? THATS LUDACRIS ! 
And when it's 3 in the morn , and you've told your whole life story to a telephone . And the radio's the only thing to let you know You're not alone , oh no . 
Don't let some hell bent heart leave you bitter . When you come close to selling out , reconsider . Give the heavens above more than just a passing glance , And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance , I hope you dance . 
Want to know whats really depressing ? Everyone wants Booth and Bones to hook up , but once they do , the show is over .... 
Is now the tallest person in his whole extended family , all generations included . xD 
Is now being forced to watch Twilight by his mom . Worst punishment ever ? I think yes . 
Cause I need freedom now . And I need to know how To live my life as it's meant to be . And I will hold on hope . And I won't let you choke , On the noose around your neck . And I'll find strength in pain , And I will change my ways , I'll know my name as it's called again . 
Who you tryin ' to get crazy with ese ? Don't you know I'm loco ? 
I need you now , we're < PROPMALE > apart . I'll keep you deep inside , You're always in my heart . I need you now , we're < PROPMALE > apart . You may have left but you're always in my heart . 
Living might mean taking chances , but they're worth taking . Loving might be a mistake , but its worth making . 
My new favorite oxymoron : Common Sense . 
A white blank < PROPFEMALE > and a swelling rage . You did not think when you sent me to the brink , You desired my attention but denied my affections . So tell me now , where was my fault In loving you with my whole heart ? 
A man is constantly judged , rightly or wrongly , by his actions . Therefore he should always have the opportunity to rectify those actions deemed wrong , if he so wishes . 
One man's business is not another man's business , so as i say , \LEAVE HIM THE F *** ALONE . \"" 
Outside , by your doorstep , in a worn out suit and tie . I'll wait for you to come down , where you'll find me , where we'll shine . 
Dont it always seem to go , that you dont know what you've got ' till its gone ? Why don't they pay paradise to put up a parking lot . 
if you're lost you can look , and you will find me , time after time . If you fall , I will catch you , I'll be waiting , time after time . You say go slow , i fall behind ... 
Amazing Grace , how sweet the sound , That saved a wretch like me ... I once was lost , but now am found , Was blind , but now , I see . 
There ain't nobody who can show you how To find the surface when you're underground . There ain't no blanket that can hide this cold , There ain't no memory That ever gets old . 
Save me ; Im lost . Oh lord ive been waiting for you ... Show me what im looking for . 
Life is about making mistakes , and death is about wishing you made a whole lot more . 
It's a quarter after one , I'm all alone and I need you now .. Said I wouldn't call but I've lost all control and I need you now .. And I don't know how I can do without , I just need you now . 
In blacksburg for the day :D 
If you believe in forever , life is just a one-night stand . 
Policeman says son you can't stay here , I said there's someone I'm waiting for if it's a day , a month , a year . Gotta stand my ground even if it rains or snows , If she changes her mind this is the first place she will go . 
I'm open , you're closed , Where I follow , you'll go . I worry I won't see your face Light up again . Even the best fall down sometimes , Even the wrong words seem to rhyme . Out of the doubt that fills my mind , I somehow find , You and I collide . 
Anyone going downtown tonight ? 
No really . Anyone interested in going downtown tonight ?? 
It is the ? soldier , Not the President , Who gives us democracy . It is the soldier , Not the Congress , Who takes ? care of us . It is the soldier , Not the Reporter , Who has given us Freedom of Press . It is the soldier , Not the Poet , Who has given us Freedom of Speech . It is the soldier , Who salutes the flag ; Who serves beneath the flag , And whose coffin is draped by the flag . God bless the United States Military . 
I know a lot of people have taken the Hippocratic oath , but does that mean we should all be hypocrites ? 
And here we go , there's nothing left to choose . And here we go , there's nothing left to lose . 
If everything we've got is blowing away , We've got a rock and a rock till our dying day . I'm holding on to you , holding on to me . Maybe it's all we got , but it's all I need . You're all I need . 
In the course of 20 minutes , i was going to Prom , found a date , found out i couldn't go to AHS prom , then was asked to go to STAB prom , then found out i couldn't go to that either , now im just going downtown with a girl on the Saturday of . * Phew * 
Here we go at it three years later , Will you help me to dream it all up again ? Tired of the same song everyone's singing , Rather be lost with you instead . 
Your body is a wonderland ... 
In these bodies we live , in these bodies , we will die . Where you invest your love , you invest your life . 
Wow . Longggggggggggggggg day . And if my stomach explodes and i die tonight , < PROPFIRST > Hancock gets my trenchcoat . OH WAIT ! He's too short xD 
How do I know when it's love ? I can't tell you but it lasts forever . How does it feel when it's love ? It's just somethin ' you feel together . 
SOMEONE has no imagination ... http://www.facebook.com/pages/Things-Guys-wish-girls-knew-/113700411981829?v=wall#!/pages/Things-Guys-wish-girls-knew-/113700411981829?v=wall . Anyone recognize these ? 
Freshly brewed Iced tea , burgers , peach pie , and music . Doesnt get much better . 
Take a bite of this apple , Mr. corporate events . Take a walk through the jungle Of cardboard shanties and tents . Some people drink Pepsi , Some people drink Coke . The wacky morning DJ Says democracy's a joke . 
Ten < PROPMALE > from town , And I just broke down . Spitting out smoke on the side of the road . I'm out here alone , Just trying to get home . To tell you I was wrong , But you already know . 
I could sleep . When I lived alone , Is there a ghost in my house ? 
Dont you hate it when something hurts so much you start laughing ? 
Beauty and the Beast : Cassio's Revenge . 
I was made to believe I would never love somebody else . Made a plan , stayed a man , who could only love himself . Lonely was the song I sang , Till the day you came , Showing me another way , and all that my love can bring . 
I just realized something . The trouble with me is that for a long time , ive just been an \I\ " person . All other people can say \ " we\ " . Soldiers can say \ " we\ " and mean the army . All people belong to \ " we\ " except me . Not to belong to a \ " we\ " make us too lonesome . " 
Gettin my permit today .... finally . xD 
Can now legally drive ? What ? 
Anyone NOT going to prom that wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ...? 
Follow me home , We want more . Follow me home , We all want more . If ever beat down , We know who we are . 
You want easy , play checkers . 
Life begins with the same letter as Love , for the same reason Hurt begins with the same letter as Hate . Each breeds the other . 
He's everything you want , He's everything you need , He's everything inside of you That you wish you could be . He says all the right things , At exactly the right time . But he means nothing to you And you don't know why . 
A white blank < PROPFEMALE > , and a swelling rage . You did not think when you sent me to the brink . 
You can go , You can start all over again . You can try to find a way to make another day go by . You can hide , Hold all your feelings inside . You can try to < PROPFEMALE > on when all you want to do is cry . And maybe someday , We'll figure all this out , Try to put an end to all our doubt , Try to find a way to make things better now . And maybe someday we'll live our lives out loud , We'll be better off somehow . 
Oh sleep little Lion man , you're not as brave as you were at the start . 
Lead me to the truth and I , will follow you with my whole lie . 
A white blank < PROPFEMALE > and a swelling rage , rage . You did not think when you sent me to the brink , the brink . 
I hope time can stop , it's hard for me to breathe . Shes really walking over here to me . What should I say ? What should I do ? 
Had an awesome night last night with < PROPFIRST > Shepherd , < PROPFEMALE > Puck Brown , < PROPFEMALE > Shepherd , < PROPFIRST > Schwaner , And < PROPFIRST > Flippepperton Schwaner . xP 
Second chances are too few and far between . The will to change this circumstance eludes me still . Should I grow another shell in which to love ? 
Im not in control , so let me go . Release me , because im not able to release myself . 
Just saw a poll on a facebook < PROPFEMALE > asking which i preferred : The Notebook , or the Last Song . Since when were those even close to the same level ? 
Im a leaf on the wind . Watch how i soar . 
Girls can wear jeans , and cut their hair short , wear shirts and boots , because its okay to be a boy . But for a boy to look like a girl is degrading , Because you think that being a girl , is degrading . 
Only those who do not seek to lead can be efficient leaders , for only those who do not seek to lead realize that they , nor any other man , is above all others . 
I never will forget those nights . I wonder if it was a dream . Remember how you made me crazy ? Remember how I made you scream ? 
Zippity do-da , zippity-day . My oh my , what a wonderful day . 
If life were a musical , the techies would be the gods . ;) 
I can't be sure that this state of mind , is not of my own design . I wish there was an over the counter test , for loneliness . For loneliness like this . 
Simple living is my desperate cry , Been trading \love\ " with indifference yeah it suits me just fine . I try to hold on but I'm calloused to the bone . Maybe that's why I feel so alone . " 
Release me , Release my body . I know it's wrong , So why do I keep coming back ? I say release me . ' Cause I'm not able to Convince myself That I'm better off without you . 
Yeah , I know nobody knows where it comes and where it goes . I know it's everybody's sin , You got to lose to know how to win . 
I came along , I wrote a song for you , And all the things you do , And it was called Yellow . 
Come on and we'll sing , like we were free . Push the pedal down , watch the world around fly by us . Come on and we'll try , one last time . I'm off the floor one more time to find you . 
I feel good :) 
It's a new < PROPFEMALE > , It's a new day , It's a new life For me , And I'm feeling good . 
Love is not a victory march . Its a cold and its a broken Hallelujah . 
My belief on religion : The universe is actually a University , in which supreme beings study us , and all the other pathetic forms of life in this universe . The supreme beings ? All gods that have ever been believed to exist . ( The Greek and Romans gods were back when it was a party school . ) 
Life is .... good :) 
Cruisin ' down Pacific Coast Highway , Put the top down , crawl into the back seat . Let's create anthems of our own tonight . 
They say laughter is the best medicine , well they ( whoever they are , those creepers ... ) , are wrong . Laughter is a sign that the real medicine worked . 
Its 4:03 , and i cant sleep without you next to me ... If you only knew . 
So the guy with one gonad actually has balls . 
Just found glitter .... in his ear .... WTF ?? 
Suddenly the world seems such a perfect place , Suddenly it moves with such a perfect grace . Suddenly my life doesn't seem such a waste , Come what may . 
\You know how i know these < PROPFEMALE > earrings are real ? Because hes to stupid to buy fake ones this small . \"" 
Wisdom does not come with knowledge . Wisdom comes only from he realization of what that knowledge means and how our future actions based on that knowledge , will affect future events . 
Once upon a time there was light in my life , Now there's only love in the dark . Nothing I can say , Total eclipse of the heart . 
When night takes over in the afternoon , One thing keeps me staring at the < PROPFEMALE > . 
I love it when you call me Big Poppa , throw ya hands in the air , if youse a true playa . 
Your lipstick stains , on the front lobe of my left side brains . I knew I wouldn't forget you , And so I went and let you blow my mind . 
DONT TEXT ME . 
Biggie Biggie Biggie , can't you see ? Sometimes your words just hypnotize me . And I just love your flashy ways , Guess that's why they broke , and you're so paid . 
If anything , its because I have a crazy sweet tooth . 
One love , One blood , One life , You got to do what you should . One life , With each other . Sisters , brothers , One life . But we're not the same . We get to < PROPFEMALE > each other , < PROPFEMALE > each other ... One Love . 
Its 9:00 on a saturday , the regular crowd shuffles in . Theres an old man sitting next to me , making love to his tonic and gin . He says . \Son can you play me a memory ? I'm not really sure how it goes . \"" 
\Is it going to kill the mood if i go brush my teeth and shave my legs ? \"\" .... Yeah \"" 
Each night we'd fall in love , To wake up , give up . The more we have and all we had is missed . I call to the snow . I need your hand to hold To get me through the stage of life you know . 
Every time that I look in the mirror , All these lines on my face getting clearer . The past is gone . It went by , like dusk to < PROPFEMALE > . I know everybody's sin- You got to lose to know how to win . 
Quite an eventful night ... 
... Or not 
It's no surprise that all the things I like Are making me a \ 
ghost . I should have never started killing time , I can't go slow . 
Once more into the crowd , Temptation wears you out . Go home , your hearts too loud , Always , alone . 
I was born in the arms of imaginary friends/ Free to roam , made a home out of everywhere I've been . Then you come crashing in , like the realest thing . Oh half of my heart has a grip on the situation , Half of my heart takes time . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , \ 
family member and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and \ 
the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour \ 
if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste \ 
this . I did . Will you ? May is cancer month .. It is sure hard to live \ 
without these special people .... 
Seasons are changing , And waves are crashing , And stars are \ 
falling all for us . Days grow longer and nights grow shorter- I can \ 
show you I'll be the one . 
Would you dance if I asked you to dance ? Would you run and never look back ? Would you cry if you saw me crying ? Would you save my soul tonight ? Now would you die for the one you love ? Hold me in your arms tonight ... 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My life sucks now .... 
Goodbye , < PROPFIRST > . 
Nobody said it was easy , but nobody said it would be this hard ... Oh take me back to the start . 
Life's a bitch . Because if it was easy , it would be your mother . 
I take my hat off in honor of all the soldiers who have died in service to this country , so that i may wear whatever hat i choose . 
If you love me , wont you let me know ? 
Just DIE , SHAW ! 
There really is a fine line between romance ... and stalking . But he walked it . Like a pro . 
Just got a 52 oz . slurpee for $1.05 . HELL YES . 
And high up above or down below , When you're too in love to let it go . But if you never try you'll never know , Just what you're worth . Lights will guide you home , And ignite your bones . And I will try to fix you . 
Im so depressed , ive worn the same outfit twice this week . 
Soy , < PROPFEMALE > perdedor . Im a loser , baby , so why don't you kill me ? 
There are over 550 million firearms in worldwide circulation . Thats one firearm for every 12 people on the planet . The only question is , how do we arm the other 11 ? 
1 in 5 adults admit to peeing in public pools . The other 4 are just liars . 
You know spies : A bunch of bitchy little girls . 
Ok . Does anyone know if i need a ticket to get into graduation ? 
So there a new series out- Persons Unknown . I can sum it up easy . Lost , but a city in the middle of nowhere , instead of an island in the middle of nowhere . 
Life really only has one beginning , and one end . The rest is just a whole bunch of middle . 
Ring ring ring ring ring ... BANANA PHONE 
You turn off the TV , And you scream at me . I can hardly wait Till you get off my case . I can hardly wait to leave this place . 
In the summertime , when the weather is high , You can stretch right up and touch the sky . When the weather's fine , You got women , you got women on your mind . 
I can see you- Your brown skin shinin’ in the sun , You got your hair combed back and your sunglasses on , baby . And I can tell you my love for you will still be strong , After the boys of summer have gone . 
\So when we find < PROPFIRST > were supposed to just what ? Share him ? \"\" Well thats what we learned in kindergarden ... \"- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Every single episode of the original A-Team ? I know what im doing for the summer ... 
I said i aint gettin on no airplane , Hannibal . 
Aint no one gonna break my stride , Ain't no one gonna pull me down . Oh no , I got to keep on moving Stay alive . 
If you're trying to stay high , bound to stay low . You want God but you can't deflate your ego . If you're already there , then there's nowhere to go . If you're cup's already full then its bound to overflow . 
\So what did they get you for ? \ " \ " I bought a car ... and i turned out to be an alien robot . Who knew ? \"" 
A little less conversation , a little more action please . 
I tried to be perfect , It just wasn't worth it , Nothing could ever be so wrong . It’s hard to believe me , It never gets easy , I guess I knew that all along . 
Turn back the clock , give me some time . I need to break out , make a new name , Lets open our eyes- To a brand new day . 
Are these windows bulletproof ? Or could i just jump out and kill myself now ? 
Bust it . This here's a tale for all the fellas . Tryin ' to do what those ladies tell us . Get shot down ' cause you're over zealous ? Play hard to get , females get jealous . 
Someday I'll wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > , And wake up where the clouds are far behind me , Where troubles melt like lemon drops . A way above the chimney tops- That's where you'll find me . Somewhere over the rainbow . 
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world . Not even our troubles . - < PROPFIRST > Chaplin 
So i just remembered Fuge is in one week . HELL YES ! 
The only way to a woman's heart is along the path of torment . I know none other as sure . - < PROPMALE > De < PROPFEMALE > 
Wait you've been on a date ? Yeah tons of em . Im a virgin , not a leper ... 
A fat girl turned into a hot chick ? For me ? Its like .. Its like a Reese Witherspoon movie ! 
So when and how will i know ? How much further do i have to go ? How much longer till i finally know ? Because im looking and i just cant see whats in front of me . 
The hard part isnt choosing . Its living with the choice you make . 
SUCK IT ALGERIA !!!!!!!!!! USA ! USA ! USA ! 
And we'll all float on okay . And we'll all float on anyway . 
What a day for a daydream ... 
Whose that lady ? Ooh sexy lady ... 
FUGE tomorrow !!!!!! 
Time is ticking by while Im chatting with this bottle of wine . I know that Im not perfect , I'll admit that Im a fool . Every time Im lost , Im always finding my way back to you , The one I need when I'm awake . 
Home for a week , then the beach , scout camp , and then back to the beach :) 
Fi , this is just a harmless game of cat and mouse between me and a professional killer . 
Lost til you're found , Swim til you drown , Know that we all fall down , Love til you hate , Jump til you break , Know that we all fall down . If ever your will starts crashing down , Whenever your will starts crashing down , If ever your will starts crashing down- That's when you'll find me . 
Are you listening ? Do you even care ? \ 
Am I just a face or someone you trust ? When I cry it means nothing , And I scream for you . When I bleed it means nothing , And I scream for you . 
It gets harder everyday , but I can't seem to shake the pain . I'm trying to find the words to say , please stay . It's written all over my face . I can't function the same when you're not here , Calling your name when no one's there . 
Just heard an add detailing Eclipse as the #1 movie in the world . .... I dont even know how to reply to that . 
I should be crying , but I just can't let it show . I should be hoping , but I can't stop thinking , Of all the things I should've said That I never said . All the things we should've done , That we never did . 
No matter what happens here today , NBC will make < PROPFIRST > Leno the last comic standing . 
What are the sexiest farm animals ? Brown chicken , brown cow . 
So im talking to two people who have the same profile picture ... STOP CONFUSING ME 
If < PROPFEMALE > Keller had ESP , would you say she had a fourth sense ? 
< PROPFIRST > JACKSON'S BACK ???? Oh nevermind . That just his wax statue ... 
Within me you can see a hole , A heart that lies in falling snow . But not to numb to let you know , Broken glass , shattered ice- This is what Im holding in . 
80 pounds of gun powder , 20 idiots , and a crash test dummy . Priceless . 
In the whole amount of time the Coca-Cola has existed , it has never changed its logo once . Pepsi , however , has changed it 8 times . 
\I just dont get how all some guys have to do is exist and they get the girl . \"" 
The boredom is literally killing me . 
http://www.treasurerealty.com/rentals/124oceanview/124oceanview.htm\ 
\ 
Im not sure \Excited\ " covers it . " 
The person i am today is not the person i was yesterday , nor will i be tomorrow , so there cannot be one perfect person for us . 
Awesome end to an even better week :) 
I am thinking it's a sign , that the freckles In our eyes are mirror images and when We kiss they're perfectly aligned . 
Leaving for scout camp in a few hours ... Woohoo . Wont be able to reply to anything . 
And I have to speculate that God himself Did make us into corresponding shapes like Puzzle pieces from the < PROPMALE > . And true , it may seem like a stretch , but Its thoughts like this that catch my troubled Head when you're away and I am missing you to death . 
There comes a time where you fade to the blackness , And when you're staring at that phone in your lap , And you hoping but them people never call you back . But that's just how the story unfolds . Can we pretend that airplanes In the night sky Are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now ... 
Packing for yet another week at the beach this summer :) 
Can someone tell me why all the perfect moment always happen at the perfectly wrong time ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is ... a real mean lady , and revenge is a dish best served cold . 
Wish I could spin my world into reverse , just to have you back again . There's no getting over , There's no gettin over , There's just no getting over you . 
You've got me drownin ' in a river , Cold but in fever . Love don't let me go , Don't let me go . 
Beautiful ; like she was . Everything always brings her to mind . Now im Losing her ; the only one who knows who i am ... Who im not ... And who i want to be . 
I don't feel the way I've ever felt , I know . I'm gonna smile and not get worried . I try but it shows . \ 
I can't let it bother me . 
Backstreet's back , alright . But they only have four members now . Sad . 
I can see you- Your brown skin shinin ' in the sun , You got that hair slicked back and those Wayfarers on , baby . I can tell you my love for you will still be strong , After the boys of summer have gone . 
And I'd give up forever to touch you , Cause I know that you feel me somehow . You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be , And I don't want to go home right now . 
at he beach , finally starting to feel like vacation :) 
The will of god never tells us to go anywhere where the grace of god cannot protect us . 
http://golikeus.net/317760 
All the crazy ** i did tonight , those will be the best memories . I just wanna let it go for tonight , that will be the best therapy for me . 
Owwwww . 
Im not living in a real world , im living in a fantasy . Where dreams come true , and reality is hell . 
If You're brave , copy this to your status and see what people rate you as . [ 1 ] crazy . [ 2]wish we went out . [ 3 ] talkative . [ 4 ] sarcastic . [ 5]lovable . [ 6]sexy . [ 7 ] strong . [ 8 ] dumb . [ 9 ] spoiled . [ 10 ] mouthy . [ 11]wild . [ 12 ] goofy . [ 13 ] funny . [ 14 ] awesomly awesome . [ 15]amazing . [ 16]beautiful . [ 17]cute . [ 18 ] best friend . [ 19 ] ... i'd marry you . just for kicks :) 
Suit up ! 
I ask them no questions , they give me no answers . Drink the pain away , but i still have no answers . 
\A sad soul can kill you quick . Far quicker than a germ . \"" 
We cross our bridges when we come to them , and burn them behind us , with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke , and a presumption that once our eyes watered . - < PROPMALE > Stoppard . 
I don't normally drink beer . But when i do , i drink Dos Equis . 
The frozen days we set ablaze , Sent me drifting away . Like a butterfly , you floated by and now your alone . I wish I knew when I'll be back again . So until then I wish you well . 
Now you get to watch her leave Out the window . Guess that's why they call it window pane . 
Comparisons are easily done once you've had a taste of perfection . 
\When the < PROPMALE > wage war its the poor who die . \"" 
Yeah lets drop it likes its hot .. With some shawtys .. 
And I just can't keep living this way . So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage , I'm standing up , I'ma face my demons . I'm manning up , I'ma hold my ground . I've had enough , now I'm so fed up , Time to put my life back together right now . 
I don't care what people say , The rush is worth the price I pay . I get so high when you're with me , But crash and crave you when you leave . 
HOLYCRAPITSSHARKWEEK . Goodbye society , hello TV . 
Love is an emotion people hold like children playing with loaded guns . A crush is a toy . Love is full out warfare . 
I'm so sorry that it didn't work out , I'm moving on . I'm so sorry but it's over now , yeah it's like S ... O ... L ... O ... Living my life and got stress no more . 
\F ****** french people can't even make oreos without making them taste weird . \ " I love you . " 
Sometimes we spend so much time wanting something , that we forget what it is we wanted in the first place . 
I'm putting on my shades to cover up my eyes , I'm top up in my ride , I'm heading out tonight . I'm solo , I'm riding solo , I'm riding solo , I'm riding solo , solo . 
The scars that take the longest time to heal are the ones we cannot see . 
\God put Eminem on this earth to teach black people how to rap . \ " Hahahaha i love Youtube comments . " 
Because thats their plan . Starve the black people one chicken nugget at a time . 
Cause if it's all I can take , I'll remember it all , remember it all , remember it all . 
I need some distraction , Oh beautiful release . Memory seeps from my veins . Let me be empty , And weightless and maybe I’ll find some peace tonight . 
Does a former drill sergeant make a terrible therapist ? 
In a world where everything is obsolete , the only solution is to change . 
Its never the same after you leave . Truth is you cant go back . So enjoy life while you can . 
Come on , LP , you can do better than that . Catalyst ? To what ? The downfall of your career it seems like . 
What deep wound ever closed without a scar ? 
When autumn comes , it doesnt ask . It just walks in , where it left you last . And you never know , when it starts , Until there's fog inside the glass around your summer heart . 
After 23 days , my < PROPFEMALE > has reached its end . But id take you back anyway . Because in your eyes , i thought i saw tomorrow . Now all i see is wasted time . 
Love . This is getting the best of me . And truth be told , you were the start of it all . Now you , my dear , might end up lonely . So dry your hollow eyes , and let's go down to the water , Even though it's the last time . 
And just like that , and just like that , its done . 
The one who chases two rabbits , catches none . 
Tired of sittin ' and hatin ' and makin ' these excuses For why you're not around , and feeling so useless . It seems one thing has been true all along , You don't really know what you've got ' til it's gone . I guess I've had it with you and your career , When you come back I won't be here and you can sing it . 
You're beautiful . You're beautiful , it's true . There must be an angel with a smile on her face , When she thought up that I should be with you . But it's time to face the truth , I might never be with you . 
Ever noticed that the suicide < PROPMALE > ... is also the < PROPMALE > of Hearts ? 
Good chess players think 5 moves ahead . Great ones think 1 move ahead . 
Seasons may change , winter to spring . But i love you , until the end of time . 
When someone says , \Dont think about elephants . \ " What are you thinking about ? Elephants . So why would anyone think that saying \ " Dont worry about it\ " Would make people worry LESS ? " 
You did not think when you sent me to the brink . You desired my attention but denied my affections . 
Shadows cant exist in darkness . 
It's a lie . A kiss with open eyes . And she's not breathing back . Anything but bother me . Nevermind these are hurried times . I can't let it bother me . 
Her smile with the wind blowing through her hair Was so contagious in the air . So satisfying and I'm still smiling . And shes still out of my reach . 
Am I just another scene From a movie that you've seen 100 times ? Cause baby you weren't the first or the last or the worst And I've got to fill the blanks in the past with a verse . And we could sit around and cry but frankly your not worth it , Anymore . 
You cut me open and I , keep bleeding , I keep keep bleeding , love . 
I feel irrational , So confrontational . To tell the truth I am addicted to your punishment , And I am waiting for a disaster . 
If theres something im not getting , tell me . If i cant take a hint , then stop hinting at it , and tell me . 
(>' o')> (>' w')># Bitch stole my waffle ! 
I tried so hard , And got so far . But in the end , It doesn’t even matter . I had to fall To lose it all . But in the end , It doesn’t even matter . 
The heart is a muscle . And what do muscles do when they're torn ? They grow back twice as strong . 
So all of my friends are either drugged , or ignoring me . Ordeal this weekend , getting back sunday . 
What a life i lead in the summer , what a life i lead in the spring . What a life i lead when the winded breeze . What a life i lead when the sun breaks free . 
I'm putting on my shades to cover up my eyes , I'm jumpin ' in my ride , I'm heading out tonight , I'm solo , I'm riding solo . 
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind , but a leg for a leg makes the world limp . 
HOLY CRAP ITS < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Dude , were at a wax museum . Calm down . 
You never know what is enough , until you know what is more than enough . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
I really dont dance when im in the zone . 
Hey now , all you lovers . Put your lights on , put your lights on . 
When my time comes , forget the wrongs that ive done , help me leave behind some reasons to be missed . 
So there was a story on the radio today about some zoo in a foreign country breeding Ligers . The very last line of the clip was , \Napoleon Dynamite was not available for an interview \"" 
So Avatar is coming out in theaters . Again . Wow Hollywood . 
I get along but the trips always feel so long , And I find myself trying to stay by the phone ' Cause your voice always helps me to not feel so alone . But I feel like an idiot , workin ' my day around the call , But when I pick up I don't have much to say . 
It's the right night to make the wrong moves , gotta bad case and nothing to lose . When the lights out we have an excuse . Is this romance , Or is it the juice ? You look better when im drunk . 
Im just so sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
There are things I have wanted so long that I would only consent to have them if I could keep wanting them . ~ Robert Brault 
1000 < PROPMALE > away , There's nothing left to say , But so much left that I don't know . We never had a choice , This world is too much noise . It takes me under . It takes me under once again . I don't hate you . 
You cant and wont understand . So stop trying . 
Whenever I look back , On the best days of my life , I think I saw them all on T.V. I am so homesick now for Someone that I never knew . I am so homesick now for Someplace I will never be . 
It must have been a dream , because nothing about it was real . 
Anyone want to go downtown tonight ? 
New favorite sport : LFL Friday Night Football . MTV2 . 
It's no surprise that all the things I like Are making me a ghost , I should have never started killing time , I can't go slow . 
Spontaneous trip to barnes and < PROPMALE > to see < PROPFEMALE > Mahieu :D 
One last kiss , before I go . Dry your tears , it is time to let you go . 
Take me home tonight . I dont wanna let you go till you see the light . 
Did the little piggie cry , \Wee wee wee\ " all the way home ? " 
Itssss haircut time ! 
Dad just pulled up in a Mercury Grand < PROPMALE > 10 minutes after i broke into my own home , after being locked out . Holy shit that scared the hell out of me . 
When night takes over in the afternoon , one ting keeps me staring at the < PROPFEMALE > . It smiles , and tells me that I , will be home soon . Ill be home soon . 
If you feelin like a pimp man , go and brush your shoulders off . Ladies is pimps too , go and brush your shoulders off . People is crazy baby , don't forget that boy told you- Get , that , dirt off your shoulder . 
Son can you play me a memory ? Im not really sure how it goes , But its sad and its sweet and i knew it complete , when i wore a younger man's clothes . 
If horses eat hay , then what do unicorns eat ? Hayyyyyyy ! 
Tell Me What You Know About Dreamin’ Dreamin’ . You Don’t Really Know About Nothin’ Nothin’ . Tell Me What You Know About Them Night Terrors Every Night . 5 Am Cold Sweats , Wakin’ Up To The Skies . Tell Me What You Know About Dreams ; Dreams . 
Go < PROPMALE > a waterfall . 
Terrible am I , child , even if you don't mind . 
You never really know how much you love someone , until you're told you can't . 
Well , history has been known to repeat itself , but that soon ? 
Surgery is done , woke up a few hours ago . Hopefully the pain meds will kick in soon ... 
And can i get a hut tub ?! 
Remember me in things that please , like meadows sweet with summer rain . And with that scent upon the breeze , come lie with me again . For all these mem'ries in my heart shall linger on to soothe your pain , and when the darkness bids us part ... \ 
remember me , again . 
I can finally feel my face . Hallelujah ! 
2:00 Expendables . Finally . 
Whoa terrible am i , child . Even if you don't mind . 
' Aint no sunshine when shes gone , and shes always gone too long , anytime she goes away . 
So apparently , Chipotle is owned by McDonald's . Hmph . 
Im on the pursuit of happiness . Ill be fine once i get it . Ill be good . 
What , exactly , is the point of being an international Quidditch < PROPFEMALE > , if all the good-looking girls are taken ? 
Me gusta las drugas . 
Sometimes in my tears I drown , But I never let it get me down . So when negativity surrounds I know some day it'll all turn around . One day ( One day ) . 
New favorite insult : Jackwagon . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! Gmail says i have one unread email . BUT THERE ARE NONE . Im going crazy trying to figure this out ... 
You've been ... thunderstruck . 
Into this house were born , Into this world were thrown . Like a dog without a bone ; An actor out on < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wow . I was just told that ones of my poems made someone cry . Dang ... 
Has 79 pages to outline , and a secondary reading o ID . Yayyyyy . 
And the tears come streaming down your face When you lose something you can't replace . When you love someone , but it goes to waste , Could it be worse ? 
And we're not guts , we're just hacks . All that life , the cracks , The scars , the scene that breaks . The ugly teens , the worst mistakes . 
Amazing weekend . Just what I needed . 
You're beautiful . You're beautiful . \ 
You're beautiful , it's true . \ 
I saw your face in a crowded place , \ 
And I don't know what to do , \ 
' Cause I'll never be with you . 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
In this desert , \ 
In darkness , \ 
Lying with the gun across his chest . \ 
Pretending , \ 
He's heartless , \ 
As the fire flashes in the sky . 
Only when I stop to think About you , I know . I hate everything about you . Why do I love you ? 
Shout , shout , let it all out , these are the things I can do without . Come on , I'm talking to you , come on . 
Wow . Mature way to handle things . Thanks for that . 
I fly like paper ; get high like planes . 
Finishing the Fellowship . If you dont know , dont ask . 
Candygram for Mongo . Candygram for Mongo . 
You must understand something , young hobbit . It takes a very long time to say anything in old Entish , so we never say anything , unless it it is worth taking a long time to say . 
It's like in the great stories , Mr. Frodo . The ones that really mattered . Full of darkness and danger they were . And sometimes you didn't want to know the end . Because how could the end be happy ? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened ? 
But in the end , it’s only a passing thing , this shadow . Even darkness must pass . A new day will come . And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer . Those were the stories that stayed with you . That meant something , even if you were too small to understand why . 
But I think , Mr. Frodo , I do understand . I know now . Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back , only they didn’t . They kept going , because they were holding on to something . 
Alone for the next six hours . Please help me . 
Epic win . 
You know that room in < PROPMALE > Potter , the Room of requirement ? With all the piles of junk ? Yeah thats pretty much my basement . 
You're the minutes im the hours , but we'll meet somewhere in between . 
I Said , Hey babe . Take a walk on the wild side . 
Managed to convince someone on Omegle that i used to work as a liger trainer . 
You were everything i wanted , you were everything a girl could be . Then you left me broken hearted , now you dont mean a thing to me . 
Late nights and even later mornings . Life's good . 
Hey there < PROPFEMALE > , heres to you . This one's for you . 
How do you explain to someone who is completely colorblind , what color is ? 
If I could walk on water , If I could tell you what's next . I'd make you believe . I'd make you forget . So come on , get higher , loosen my lips . Faith and < PROPFEMALE > and the swing of your hips . Just pull me down hard , And drown me in love . 
Home is behind the world ahead , and there are many paths to tread . Through shadow , to the edge of night . Until the stars are all alight . Mist and shadow ; cloud and shade . All shall fade . All shall ... fade . 
I got a peaceful , easy feeling . I know you wont let me down , because im already standing on the ground . 
See the stone set in your eyes , See the thorn twist in your side . I wait for you . I can't live with or without you . 
Last thing I remember , I was Running for the door . I had to find the passage back To the place I was before . ' Relax , ' said the night man , ' We are programmed to receive . You can check-out any time you like , But you can never leave!' 
Cigarette . Cigarette . Cigarette . Cigarette . * Chews Gum * SHARRRKKK ! 
We've all got wooden nails , and we sleep inside of this machine . 
Ti amo più di voi possono sapere . 
I wanna be on the cover of Forbes magazine , Smiling next to Oprah and the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Every time I think of you , I always catch my breath . I'm still standing here , and you're < PROPMALE > away . I'm wonderin ' why you left . There's a storm that's raging through my frozen heart Tonight . 
Camping in < PROPFEMALE > Beach for the weekend :D 
You and me , We used to be together . Everyday together , always . I really feel That I'm losing my best friend . I can't believe This could be the end . It looks as though you're letting go , And if it's real , Well I don't want to know . 
Is it worth fighting , if you know you wont win ? 
Maybe we should chug on over to mamby-pamby land , where maybe we can find some self confidence for you ! 
Save an egg- crack a smile :) 
Every time I wake , I am a brand new person , and the things of yesterday cease to make me who I am . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I can hardly wait to leave this place . 
There is no turning back now , you've woken up the demon . 
BOOOONNNNNNNNEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
The dust has only just begun to fall , Crop circles in the carpet . Sinking , feeling . 
Yeah you sure broke my heart last week when you said we would not work out . You never called , didn't care at all , but thats alright . Im with a new girl every night . 
uld she hear me if i called her name ? Would she hold me if she knew my shame ? 
Your brain must be a miserable place ... 
So i told my dad i was in the play Man of La Mancha . Turns out , his mom used to LOVE < PROPMALE > Quixote , so now hes blasting the soundtrack from the broadway musical . Awesome . 
De profundis clamo ad te . Domine , domine , audi vocem meam . Fiant aures tuae intentae . Ad vacem obse creationis meae . Si delictarum , mamorian , serca neris . Domine , domine . 
Always , \ 
I wanna be with you , \ 
And make believe with you , \ 
And live in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , oh love ! 
We are back , we are back we are back we are back ! And were the three best friends that anyone could have . 
Three little birds , on my doorstep . Singin ' don't worry , about a thing . 
It's been so lonely without u here , Like a bird without a song . Nothing can stop these lonely tears from falling . 
Is there any room in this pocket for some spare < PROPFIRST > ? 
A < PROPFEMALE > , by any other name , would smell as sweet . 
Ill keep you my dirty little secret . 
I dream of love as time runs through my hand . 
Could possibly be seeing Swtchfoot/ Gabby Roessler this Friday ? Hell yes . 
Switchfoot/ The Almost concert this friday in Lynchburg :D 
Ill keep my guns , freedom and money . You can keep the ' change . ' 
And you toss and you turn ' , Cause her cold eyes can burn , Yet you yearn and you churn and rebound . 
Just forgot the name of a friend because i always refer to him as ' The Mexican ' . Am i a bad person ? 
Thank the world for nice people . 
\Just trying to be honest\ " Doesn't mean you can say whatever you want . " 
Come to me , my soft bed , and lets sleep together tonight . 
So dreamt last night i was an awesome superhero with a < PROPFEMALE > of super ninjas locked it mortal combat with Godzilla . I woke up thinking this morning , \No ! I have to finish Godzilla ! \"" 
In these bodies we will live , in these bodies we will die . Where you invest your love , you invest your life . 
Lend me your hand and we'll conquer them all , But lend me your heart and I'll just let you fall . Lend me your eyes I can change what you see , But your soul you must keep , totally free . 
How fickle my heart and how woozy my eyes , I struggle to find any truth in your lies . And now my heart stumbles on things I don't know . This weakness I feel I must finally show . 
Moshed , got climbed on , made new friends , saw old ones , and most importantly SAW SWITCHFOOT / THE ALMOST . Nice night overrall . 
So why would you to be someone else when the someone you already are is so amazing ? Because the boring someone i already am , wasn't good enough for you . 
You < PROPFEMALE > in for your last kiss , And who in this world could ask me to resist ? Your hands cold as they find my neck , All this love that I've found I detest . 
Is excited for an AHS dance ? Wow .... 
Do it do it , i can do it watch me do it . I can dance dance dance . Do it do it , I can do it let me show ya I'm a dancing man . They call me Dapper < PROPFIRST > . 
So a friend threatened me with Cake today . Threat ? More like Treat . 
Oh please , say to me , You´ll let me be your man . And please , say to me , You´ll let me hold your hand . 
love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Actions speak louder than words . 
And all is right with the world . 
:D 
I was forced , because im working >.> 
All I wanna do is trade this life for something new , Holding on to what I haven’t got . This is not the end , This is not the beginning . 
Dinner then the dance :D 
I can't count the reasons I should stay , One by one they all just fade away . 
Love- it will not betray you , \ 
Dismay or enslave you , it will set you free . \ 
Be more like the man you were made to be . \ 
There is a design , an alignment , a cry\ 
Of my heart to see , \ 
The beauty of love as it was made to be . 
hey darkside . Get your feet off the car . 
\A drama kid loves new friends like a fat kid loves cake . \ " :D " 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops . 
You are not going to bring me down . Not today . 
Fast cars , hot women , Reece's pieces . 
Come to Sofa < PROPMALE > . Where our prices are Sofa < PROPMALE > Low ! 
Let me get this straight . We're being ' gifted ' with a healthcare plan we are forced to purchase and fined if we don't , written by a committee whose chairman says he doesn't understand it , passed by a Congress that hasn't read it and exempts themselves from it , with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes , and financed by a country that's broke . Great ! Whats next on the gift list ? 
I close both locks below the window , I close both blinds and turn away . Sometimes solutions aren't so simple , Sometimes good bye's the only way . 
Downtown tonight :D 
No need to hide anything anymore . Can't return to who I was before . \ 
I can finally breathe ; Suddenly alive . I can finally move ; The world feels revived . 
Because thats what you are , Twinkletoes . A quitter . And everybody knows , quitters ... quit . 
When you've suffered enough And your spirit is breaking , Your growing desperate from the fight , Remember your loved and you always will be . This < PROPFEMALE > will bring you right back home . 
My excuse for everything : At least i have chicken . 
I don't know if life was greater than death , but love was more than either . 
And I find myself in need of a pause . I'm not sure why , but I think that it's because Of this < PROPFEMALE > to be what others want me to be , Which is nothing close to me . 
Watch it all go by , Was it really true ? Is that what it was ? Was that really you ? I'm Looking back again . I'm tracing back a friend . You said it was a miss . Was it just in my head ? 
Dulcinea . Dulcinea . I see heaven when I see thee , Dulcinea . And thy name is like a prayer , An angel whispers Dulcinea , Dulcinea . 
Oh her eyes , her eyes , Make the stars look like they’re not shining . Her hair , her hair , Falls perfectly without her trying . Her lips , her lips , I could kiss them all day if she’d let me . 
Thank you soooo much < PROPFIRST > Schwaner ! Iloveoyuiloveyouiloveyou . 
We're the only thing that's real . \ 
These visions we have of ten years ago , Of stars in the sky and us down below . In streets and east coast lines , We kept this scene alive . 
Good God y'all! What is it good for ? Absolutely nothing . Say it again- War , huh . What is it good for ? Absolutely nothing . 
Can you imagine no love , pride , deep-fried chicken , Your best friend always sticking up for you , even when I know you’re wrong ? Can you imagine no first dance , freeze dried romance five-hour phone Conversation ? The best soy latte that you ever had . . . and me . 
MFK with Grace < PROPFEMALE > Wood ... So fun xD 
Although it's not easy , I know you believe me , ' cause I would not lie . Don't believe thier lies , told through jealous eyes , they don't understand . I won't break your heart , I won't bring you down . 
Is there anyone who can give me a ride to rehearsal today ? 
Just found a 150 year old Meerschaum pipe owned by my great great great grandfather ... Awesome . 
Crime ? You know the worst crime of all ? Being born . For that you get punished you whole life . 
I wish you knew me enough to care , that my frustrations can go nowhere . 
Nobody loves you when your 23 And you still act like you're in Freshman year . What the hell is wrong with me ? My friends say I should act my age . What's my age again ? What's my age again ? 
Nobody makes me bleed my own blood ! NOBODY ! 
Second state Theatre title in one year ? Yeah its chill . 
I tell you everything that is really nothing , and nothing of what is everything , do not be fooled by what I am saying . Please listen carefully and try to hear what I am not saying . ~ Charles C . Finn 
The problem i have with being on a trail , is that by definition , you are always behind your pray . 
Say it if it's worth saving me ... 
I broke a thousand hearts , before I met you . I'll break a thousand more baby , before I am through , But I wanna be yours pretty baby , yours and yours alone . 
Never mind the rising light , There's no sign of day or dawning . In my heart it's still the night , And we'll stay here till the morning . 
There are so many ' might have beens , ' ' what ifs ' that wont stay buried . Other cities other jobs , strangers we might have married . Memory insists on pining for places it never went , as if life would be happier , just by being different . - < PROPFIRST > Gioia 
It's far beyond the stars , It's near beyond the < PROPFEMALE > . I know beyond a doubt , My heart will lead me there soon . 
LOL Silly < PROPFEMALE > .. tricks are for < PROPFIRST > Scofield . 
But you know that she's watching . She's laughing , she's turning , she's holding her tonic like a crux . The room suddenly spinning , she walks up and asks how you are . You can smell her perfume , you can see her lying there in your arms . 
Vrei\ 
sa pleci dar < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > iei , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > iei , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > iei . \ 
Chipul tau si dragostea din tei , \ 
Mi-amintesc de ochii < PROPFEMALE > . 
Stand by your glasses steady , and drink to your comrades eyes . Here's a toast to the dead already , an hurrah for the next to die . 
Something happens and Im head over heels , I never find out till Im head over heels . Something happens and Im head over heels , Ah dont take my heart Don't break my heart , Don't dont dont throw it away . 
Cunningham is teaching Drama 1 how to do the robot .... 
Maybe I am a crowded mind . I watch your eyes glaze over , Stared down at the floor . You were amazing to me , But here we go again . 
We spend so much of our lives not saying the things we want to say ; the things we should say . We speak in code and send little messages . So now , plainly , simply , i want to say that Prison Break is the best TV show ever . 
Stay , beautiful baby . I hope you Stay , American baby . American baby . Nobody's laughing now , But you could always make me laugh out loud . 
In another lonely universe , We're laying side by side . No one's hurt and no one's cursed , And no one needs to hide . 
Give me some chocolate , or i will cut you . 
I can't count the reasons i should stay , because one by one they all just fade away . 
< PROPMALE > , tonight we're gonna go out . We're gonna meet some ladies , it's gonna be legendary . Phone-five ! [ slaps cell-phone ] You didn't phone-five , did you ? I know when you don't phone-five , < PROPMALE > . 
This is how it looks when I am standing on the edge , This is how I break apart when I finally hit the ground . This is how it hurts when I pretend I don't feel any pain And this is how I disappear when I throw myself away . 
So re-downloading iTunes 10 , because my computer decided to explode today ... Over 10,000 songs lost . Awesome . 
YES ! YESYESYESYESYESYESYESSSSSSSSSSSSSS !! My music was NOT lost . 
Short people have long faces , and tall people have short faces . Tall people have little humor , and short people have no humor at all . 
Your drab eyes seem to invite . Tell me darling , Where do we begin ? \ 
Was this over before , before it ever began ? 
Man of La Mancha . Tonight . 8:00 . Come see it , or else . 
Imprumptu trips with < PROPFEMALE > Roumeliotes are fun :) 
You know what always cheers me up ? Stealing a chemical weapon from a bunch of crazy South Americans . 
Had an awesome time tonight :) New slogan : My life is an Axe commercial . 
No need to hide anything anymore . Can’t return to who I was before . \ 
I can finally breathe , Suddenly alive . I can finally move , World feels revived . 
\Im sad ... I have a life now\ " - < PROPFEMALE > G-ovic " 
Went from 595 friends , to 238 . If you can see this , you made the cut :) 
Mrs. < PROPMALE > is using \Mysterious Ticking Noise\ " to teach her students rhythm . Why am I not in choir ? " 
Turned on the broconditioning a minute ago . Its pretty chill . 
Favorite TV doctor : McDreamy or House ? 
Such a beautiful place ... to be among friends . 
\Don't call me a great guy . Thats what you call the loser schmuck who has to dance with the hot chick's ugly cousin . \"" 
Do you know what it feels like , loving someone who's in a rush to throw you away ( Do you know , do you know , do you know) ? 
Internet dating- its crazy , huh ? 
Girl please excuse me If I'm coming too strong , But tonight is the night We can really let go . Party , Karamu , Fiesta , Forever . 
I thought love only lived in < PROPFEMALE > tales , meant for someone else and not for me . 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . I'm on a computer . 
http://tinyurl.com/2s4x6q 
Im really getting pissed , Hulu . I mean the whole point was that all your programming was FREE . 
The hardest thing , when you love someone , is watching the one you love love someone else . 
Anyone want to go buy some mistletoe with me ? 
So smooth ... Thank god for December . 
Hail , Knight of the Moleful Countenance . 
And no matter how hard I try , I can't escape these things inside I know . When all the pieces fall apart , You will be the only one who knows . 
The inlet where she supposedly drowned has no current , which means he body should have floated up between 2.3 and 3.1 days . I know this because watching corpses resurface is a passion in my life . 
I have four words for you . T . G . I . F . 
' A ' is the ailment , ' B ' makes it better . ' C ' is creating your life in letters . 
You unlock a cinema back door with a sense of frustration , beyond it is a movie with characters of 2-dimension : a movie of no solid ground , a story with no character insight , based on a book that to read you must have no mind . You've mistakenly moved in front of a film screen of shadowy dialogue with no substance , of unoriginal things and ? ideas . You've just crossed over into-\ 
The Twilight Series . 
And there will come a time , you'll see , with no more tears , And love will not break your heart , but dismiss your fears . Get over your hill and see what you find there , With grace in your heart and flowers in your hair . 
What is that ? SNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW 
I said , if you ever loved somebody put your hands up . If you ever loved somebody put your hands up . Now they're gone and you wish you could give them everything ... 
Its not always rainbows and butterflies , its compromise that moves us along . I dont mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain . 
She doesn't own a dress , Her hair is never a mess , You catch her stealin ' she won't confess , She's Beautiful . Smokes a pack a day , oh wait , That's me , but anyway . She thinks I'm beautiful . Meet < PROPFEMALE > . 
Has conquered the universe . 
Lease on life : Expired . Purchase new lease ( Priceless) ? Yes . 
Deck the halls with boughs of < PROPFEMALE > , Trololololol , lolololol . Tis the season to be jolly , Tololololol , lolololol . 
After all the tears and all the laughter , your happiness is a string of disasters . Oh , what more could someone ask for ? 
But you know ... that she's watching . She's laughing , she's turning , she's holding her tonic like a crux . The room suddenly spinning , she walks up and asks how you are , so you can smell her perfume , and you can see her lying naked in your arms . 
So raise your glass , < PROPFIRST > Carmines . 
Was Socrates a pretentious ass , actually the smartest man in the world at that point , or just really sarcastic ? We may never truly know . 
As far as the eye can see , Under your command I will be your guardian When all is crumbling , To steady your hand . No , you can never say never . 
Maybe you want her , maybe you need her , Maybe you've started to compare to someone not there . Maybe you want it , maybe you need it , Maybe it's all you're running from . Perfection will not come . 
What do we really want ? Does anyone know ? 
Sooooooo just found out my 9wks test for duel is tomorrow , not friday . FML . 
Anyone own a time machine ? 
2 Days :D 
Im only going to touch touch , touch touch touch your gun . 
Its gotten to the point where \phony\ " sounds compltely nonsensical . " 
Honestly , this won't do . How is she doing ? I tell myself I'm feeling swell , But I know I'm such a fool . 
1 Day :D 
Talkin ' cheap in a bathroom stall , look so smooth . Better tell me the truth , would you trade me out for someone cool ? I know you better than you do , so put out your cigarette and kiss me on the lips tonight . 
Has a lifetime Turtle Score of 12,186 . 
“It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction . Fiction has to make sense . ” 
I see you driving\ 
Round town with the girl i love\ 
And im like , haiku . 
Bending you til you break , Let me hold you now . Baby close your eyes , Don't open til the morning light . Baby don't forget You haven't lost it all yet . 
I get it . The meaning of christmas is ... the idea that christmas has meaning . It can mean whatever we want . For me it used to mean being with my mom . Now it means being with you guys . Thanks , Lost . 
Post this on your < PROPFEMALE > and see what people want from you . INBOX ONLY :\ 
1 . a baby\ 
2 . Another < PROPMALE > \ 
3 . Love\ 
4 . Kiss\ 
5 . Friendship\ 
6 . Cuddle\ 
7 . Long relationship\ 
8 . Good laugh\ 
9 . An apology\ 
10 . A < PROPMALE > to be friend\ 
11 . A hug\ 
12 . Be my friend\ 
13 . Booty call\ 
14 . To go out with you\ 
15 . Texting buddies 
Cold room + heater = Victory . Take that , winter . 
What is with all of these \Mid Season Breaks\ " going on ? " 
I just want to be there , \ 
When we're caught in the rain . \ 
I just want to see you laugh not cry . \ 
I just want to feel you , \ 
When the night puts on its cloak . \ 
I'm lost for words , dont tell me . \ 
Cause all I can say , is\ 
I love you till the end . 
So if you want to be with me , With these things there’s no telling . We just have to wait and see , But I’d rather be working for a paycheck , Then waiting to win the lottery . Besides maybe this time is different , I mean I really think you like me . 
</3 - You see a broken heart , i see a waffle cone . 
A recent poll states that 6 in 10 Mexicans say that life is better in the United States . The other four already live here . 
NO SCHOOL . Yet theres no snow . Awesome . 
Albemarle High School officially closed tomorrow ! :D 
Hibernation : Commence . 
No it was not your fault but mine , for it was your heart on the line . I really f***ed it up this time , didn't I my dear ? 
Who says I can’t take time ? \ 
Meet all the girls on the county line . \ 
Wait on fate to send a sign . \ 
Who says I can’t take time ? 
You lay careless your head on my chest , \ 
And don't even look at me looking my best . \ 
All these things I can't describe , \ 
You would rather I didn't try . 
But you and I now , we can be alright , \ 
Just hold on to what we know is true . \ 
You and I now , ' though it's cold inside , \ 
Can feel the tide turning . 
If anyone can tell me who Fryersmuck is , ill love them forever . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Redfern is the bestest cousin ever :] 
Minecraft <3 
We can see what we want to see , hear what we want to hear , and think what we want to think . The only thing we cant choose , is what we feel . 
Hahahahaha sleep ? What is that ? 
I just got poked by 7 different Sarahs . 
So its Christmas < PROPFEMALE > .... and its t-shirt weather . Wtf . 
And all through the house , not a creature was stirring , not even a mouse . 
The best thing about today , is that all the radios stations playing Christmas music will finally stop . 
New phone :DDD 434 806 7851- text me yo numba 
I look good . I look real good . Hey everyo e ! Come see how good I look ! 
I don't practice santeria , i ain't got no < PROPFEMALE > ball , i had a million dollars but I I'd , I'd spend it all . 
Sors salutis et virtutis michi nunc contraria , est affectus et defectus semper in angaria . 
So much for 8 inches .... 
Home come the only way to see how high you get me , is to see how far i fall ? 
Know of any shelter nearby ? Well , ive got my bear skin ... 
Sometimes , something beautiful happens in this world . You dont know how to express yourself , so you just gotta sing . 
Skype with < PROPFEMALE > Noëlle Mahieu <3 
Some people say we're invincible . Were vincible . Some people say we're incredible . We're credible . 
As you < PROPFEMALE > in for your last kiss , who in this world could ask me to resist ? Your hands cold as they find my neck . All this love that I've found , i detest . 
\Im sorry that you feel inferior due to your lack of boobs . \ " - Guillaume < PROPFEMALE > " 
Theres a bunch of cool people over there . I could probably count them all on on finger . < PROPFEMALE > Noëlle Mahieu 
The dog days are over , the dog days are done . 
So a man shoots his neighbor for letting his dog pee on this man's lawn , but only gets probation . What ? 
I wonder if the term , \Cant hurt to try it\ " still applies to someone with a peanut allergy ... " 
Oh i remember the sound of your November downtown , And i remember the truth . A warm December with you . But i don't have to make this mistake , and i don't have to live this way . If only i would wake . 
Sittin on my bed with my dog ... Talking to my best friends . Its a good day . And tomorrow will be an awesome end to an even better year . Two state theatre titles , an awesome summer , made some great friends , got close to old ones , and hoping ill make even more in 2011 ... See you next year everyone ! 
Where are we ? What the hell is going on ? 
Its t-shirt weather . AWESOME . 
Do you really want to live forever ? 
And the three men I admire most , the father , son , and holy ghost , they caught the last train for the coast , the day the music died . 
Words make you think a thought , music makes you feel a feeling , but songs make you feel a thought . 
Nice ... Hat ? 
On the middle of the table , there was a boiled goose . 
Anyone on Kik messenger ? Let me know . 
Who actually knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions . First name : ____ Middle name : ______ Last name : _____ Age : _____Birthday : ______ Eyecolor : ____ Nickname : _____ Favorite color : _____ Best Friend(girl ): _____Best Friend(boy ): _____ Put this as your status and ...... see who gets it right . 
SNOW ! :D 
Women : just because your man doesn't care about what you care about , doesn't mean he doesn't care that you care . 
Oh , I can see now that all of these clouds Are following me in my desperate endeavor , To find my whoever , wherever she may be . 
If I forget to tell you later , I had a really good time tonight . 
Trust the man who searches for an answer . Doubt the man who finds it . 
Its snowing guys ... 
Your temper brings dishonor to my happy mu < PROPFEMALE > palace . 
< PROPMALE > Dodson on Tosh . 0 ? I know what I'm doing tonight . 
High probability of at least a two hour delay tomorrow ! :D 
So you're telling me that even though I'm exempt from your exams , and going to the study periods is completely unnecessary and will not help me , i still have to go ? Thank you , Albemarle , for constantly being the pain in my side for the past two and a half years . Keep up the good work ! 
Honestly , who actually paid attention to their zodiac sign ? 
Only exam is in one week . * awesome * 
Just so you guys know , i got a permit for the Samurai sword , all right ? Totally legit . 
Just found out the my brother left at 9 this morning to go back to school . Thanks for telling me , everyone . 
Just remember . Once you go black swan , you never go back ... swan . 
Armagedon outta here . 
I don't even remember that . Yeah ? Well greenpeace does . 
Lets face it- this is not the worst thing you've caught me doing . 
The best crabs I've ever had I got from Dirty Dicks . 
He was always there to help her ; She always belonged to someone else . 
I have three dates today . THREE . During work ? Yeah they come to me , man . 
My blood , my soul , is my enemy . My love , my life , is poison to me . I know its not how its supposed to be . I got no choice , no voice ; I have no dignity . 
Fettuccine < PROPMALE > , grilled chicken , and Hawaiian Punch . Keeping it classy . 
\It's not THAT depressing 
I see you driving round town with the girl I love , and I'm like , \Oh hey . Sup ? \"" 
\Who wrote : The Iliad and The Odyssey ? \ " \ " Brad Pitt . \"" 
\Footsie- Catholic third base \"" 
If you aren't risking it all , it isn't love . 
The < PROPMALE>'s Speech tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Jones , < PROPFEMALE > Swartz , < PROPFEMALE > Smith , and < PROPFEMALE > Cechova . :D 
\Yes they are cute . I have standards . \"" 
Light up , with me my dear , light up . Under < PROPFEMALE > night , tell nobody . 
I am an arms dealer , fitting you with weapons in the form of words . 
\I should have told the guy I was snorting pure ammonia . \"" 
It's not always rainbows and butterflies , \ 
It's compromise that moves us along , yeah . \ 
My heart is full and my door's always open , \ 
You can come anytime you want . 
You should have asked me . \ 
I would have been brave . \ 
You should have asked me for it ;\ 
How could I say no ? 
Wow . its almost like im cheating on you , with you . 
Yayyyy watching someone i dont care about talk for hours about stuff i dont care about ... sweet . I think ill go for a walk instead . 
\The school board and a snowstorm walk into a bar . \"" 
Sometimes the things we try to hide the most are the things that are most visible to the people around us . 
Who knew a cemetery could be that romantic . 
Ill just keep letting you think you're better than me , because the very thought that you are better than someone , makes you less . 
Can't Tosh this . 
There's no way we still have school , right ? Right ? 
I just want you to know who I am . 
Found this little gem today : http://www.fuckthesouth.com/ . Be warned , Its extremely NSFW ( Not safe for work ) , and just so you guys know , this is for you to look and laugh at . I dont want a discussion , so any comments will be deleted . 
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing . Just prayed to a god I don't believe in . 
Twenty four finds me , In twenty-fourth place . Twenty four drop outs At the end of the day . Life is not what I thought it was ; Twenty four hours ago . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > <3 
I tried to be perfect , but nothing was worth it , I don't believe it makes me real . 
So cool in line and we try try try , but we try too hard ; It's a waste of my time . Done looking for the critics , cos they're everywhere . They don't like my jeans , they don't get my hair . 
If you ever feel like there's nothing with living for , remember that life itself is worth living for . 
Actually having a 100% stress free night is awesome . 
\I hope you recover from your crippling superiority . \"" 
Im like a yoga seal . 
F this , you guys . Im going in . GENERALLLLLL CUUUUUSSTTTEERRRRRRRRRRR ! 
There's a lot of smart ideas in books I've never read ; when the girls come talk to me I wish to hell I had . 
It is not the lack of love , but the lack of friendship that ruins marriages . 
Awesome . Really flippin awesome . This is exactly how i wanted this day to go . 
The fish trap exists because of the fish . Once you've gotten the fish you can forget the trap . The rabbit snare exists because of the rabbit . Once you've gotten the rabbit , you can forget the snare . Words exist because of meaning . Once you've gotten the meaning , you can forget the words . Where can I find a man who has forgotten words so I can talk with him ? 
Dont have phone sex . You might get hearing aids . 
You're better than that , The < PROPFEMALE > . 
I was bluffing then but it seems that just might have been the truth . Well my dad told me one-day son this girl will think of what she’s done , And hurting you will be the first of many more regrets to come . And he said if she doesn’t call , than it’s her fault and it’s her loss . I say it’s not that simple see but then again , it just may be . 
Commence : Week of stressed out and touchy friends . Hooray . 
Theres a shortage of perfect breasts in the world . It would be a pity to damage yours . 
I love the way you handle your bat . - < PROPFIRST > Myers 
The only question i ever thought was hard , was do i like < PROPMALE > ? Or do i like Picard ? 
The minute you tell yourself you cant do something ; you cant . 
Im not sure calling it \COD-BO \ " makes it sound any cooler . " 
11 more days ... 
Red Lobster :D 
From that day forward , if i was going anywhere , i was running . 
Sometimes , there just arent enough rocks . 
I'll see you soon , then . 
Psychobabble and existential banter . 
You either die a hero , or live long enough to become the villain . 
Oh lets get < PROPMALE > and buy our parents homes in the south of < PROPFEMALE > . Lets get < PROPMALE > and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance . Lets get < PROPMALE > and build a house on a mountain making everybody look like ants ; From way up there , you and I , you and I . 
I dont understand it . < PROPFIRST > was the equivalent of a priest of illegal marriages . You are asking your girlfriends/ boyfriends to be the priests at your marriage . .... Ok . 
All the streets where I walked alone , with nowhere to go , have come to an end . 
You're gonna catch a cold , from the ice inside your soul . 
Sing when I’m broken and I’ll sing when I’m free , Sing for the world and then sing just for me . 
yay . 
Winter , what are you doing ? You are not summer . 
Got my phone back :D 
\Im not really sure writing C *** in the sky with cobblestone is a great idea ... \"" 
This can't be the end , but I think you should know this ; You deserve much better than me . 
The problem with politics is that politicians dont see people as people . They see people as potential voters . When you start forgetting who it is thats electing you , you stop caring about what they want . 
Only < PROPFIRST > Bauer could race an elevator 14 floors and win . 
http://twitpic.com/429z8g 
Lets roll , Kato . 
Home sick on my birthday . Well at least I'm 17 :D 
My brother is now officially a pilot for the United States Air Force . Best birthday present ever ? Love you bro . 
59 wall posts . There is such a thing as overkill , guys . I love you all :D 
When I'm with you , Everything seems better . Now I know ; I see it all today . 
So close yet so far away . 
Cause everybody knows , that nobody really knows . How to make it work , or how to ease the hurt . We've heard it all before , that everybody knows just how to make it right . 
Is it bad that i totally look down on people who mix up your and you're ? 
So what are we saying here ? If we save L.A. from a nuclear bomb then we can get together for dinner and a movie ? 
Yeah someone pour it in , make it a dirt dance floor again . Say your prayers and stomp it out , when they bring that chorus in . 
Just lost the game . You're welcome . 
I just want to fly ; put your arms around me baby , put your arms around me . 
Mmmmm Hard Rock . 
Waiting for our tech time ; its finally starting to get real . # SoNervous 
\I would go straight on her . \ " - < PROPMALE > Mendonca " 
Uhmm ... What ? 
The innocent can never last . Wake me up when september ends . 
Easy moves , from higher stakes , watch as it all goes by . And in the night the lights went out , the world without end . 
\Life is full of grief . To exactly the degree we allow ourselves to love other people . \"" 
This , this one night , two of my brothers came and woke me up in the middle of the night . And they said they had a surprise for me . So they took me to the barn up in the loft and there was my oldest brother , < PROPFIRST > , with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Jardine . I mean , picture a girl who just took a nosedive from the ugly tree and hit every branch coming down . 
Maybe we'll turn it all around cause its not too late , its never too late . 
Hello ,? Gamers . Look at your house , now back to mine , now back at your ? house , now back to mine . Sadly , it ? isn't yours , but if you stopped playing overrated FPS ' and started playing Minecraft , it could look like mine . \ 
What's in your hand ?? I have ? it . It's a pickaxe made from stone . Look ? again , THE PICKAXE IS ? NOW < PROPFEMALE > !? Anything is possible ? when ? you ? play Minecraft ! \ 
I'm on a Pig . 
Anyone know the specific night of prom ? 
Anyone going to AHS prom who wants $40 off a tux rental , hit me up . 
If you're going to send someone to save the world , make sure they like it the way it is . 
< PROPFIRST > Bauer = < PROPFIRST > McCLane . 
I can finally breathe ; suddenly alive . I can finally move ; the world feels revived . 
Lets fly away on my zephyr , we're gonna live forever . 
You just gon use a key cuz you live here . You is something else . 
YOU WANNA GO NIGHT-NIGHT ? 
ERR'BODY GO NIGHT-NIGHT . 
I want to swim away but don't know how . Sometimes it feels as if im falling into the ocean . 
What's red and smells like blue paint ? Red paint . 
I mean we could probably put \Apple\ " on anything and you would buy it . So go buy the iPad 2 . Because you're stupid . " 
A holiday for drinking beer and partying . Gotta love the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Lol . Some woman on the \Dislike\ " fanpage was complaining that facebook removing it was a violation of her freedom of speech . .... Excuse me ? " 
< PROPFEMALE > ? You coming to bed ? NO . Someone on the internet is WRONG . 
Hey . Hey guys . Its Friday . 
http://www.cnn.com/2011/US/03/18/nasa.moon/index.html 
I miss the sound of your voice , Loudest thing in my head . And I ache to remember All the violent , sweet , Perfect words that you said . 
Has officially applied to Cane's . Wish me luck . 
Hide and seek in the church ? Heck yes . 
Of course Chipotle has a line out the door ... Still worth it . 
\The democrats stole your cake ! They sliced it up and gave it to the people who weren't fortunate enough to have a birthday today . " 
I dont understand why everyone is so afraid of inception . My dreams are awesome . 
After all is said and done , usually more is said than done . 
Choose your witticisms carefully , Mr. Bond . They may be your last . 
Trollin ' trollin ' trollin ' , got to keep on trollin ' . 
Castle , or 24 ... Castle , 24 . Castle , 24 . I DONT KNOW SOMEBODY HELP . 
A 24 MOVIE ?!?!?! Heck . Yes . 
Let it go , let it roll right off your shoulder . Dont you know the hardest part is over ? Let it in , let your clarity define you . In the end we will only just remember how it feels . 
Lay your weary head to rest , don't you cry no more 
MARBLE GARGLE FABLE < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is the popemobile a Cadillac ? 
http://www.wimp.com/babypandas/ 
You smell like nice soap . I have to go . 
They're more like guidelines anyway . 
Oh mirror in the sky , what is love ? Can the child within my heart rise above ? Can I sail through the changing ocean tides , Can I handle the seasons of my life ? I don’t know . But time makes you bolder , children get older , and I’m getting older too . 
\My manhood has been sacrificed at the altar of boobs . \ " - Unknown " 
My hand is a dolphin . 
Job interview at Cane's on Thursday ... wish me luck :D 
I don't mind spending everyday out on your corner the pouring rain . 
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb ? None- Light is too mainstream . 
\Kristen < PROPMALE > has the face of a fried idiot . \"- < PROPFEMALE > Jones " 
T- 2 days until my house becomes an unofficial Frat house . 
So all of the GSA t-shirts are locked in the closet ? Hmmmm . 
A little bit of you makes me your man . 
Cane's interview at 7:30 . Hello , money . 
NETFLIX . Y U NO STREAM INSTANTLY ? 
What am i doing with my saturday ? Right . Cleaning for the 8 college guys staying at my house this weekend , and setting up for a party later . 
So who has two thumbs and now works for Canes ? This guy . 
You don't even KNOW . 
Fir$t day of work i$ in two week$ . Hello , money :D 
I started thinking out loud ; I'm so sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
Ohi rain . 
Your past is exactly that ; past . The only thing that defines who you are , and the life you live , is what you do right here ; right now . 
< PROPFIRST > Abruzzi < PROPFIRST > Abruzzi . 
English , Fitz , or < PROPMALE > ? 
No pain , no pain . 
Actually woke up at a reasonable time today . LOLJK back to bed . 
Life is good . 
95 on my phyics midterm ? Like A Boss . 
Whats a mexican bird ? A burrito . 
I'm happy , I'm feeling glad . I got sunshine , in a bag . I'm useless , but not for long ; The future is coming on , It's coming on . 
Mountain momma , take me home , country roads . 
So apparently < PROPFIRST > Depp was in Platoon . Mind = blown . 
Did someone just drop a raisin into a glass of milk ? 
Shout , shout , let it all out . These are the things i can do without . Come on ; I'm talking to you . 
Shut the front door ! 
So long , facial hair . It's been good . 
Best night ever ! 
All the crazy stuff I did last night , those will be the best memories . I just wanna let it go for the night ; that would be the best therapy for me . 
Don't you want me baby ? Don't you want me ? Oh ! 
Hakuna Matata . 
And shepherds we shall be , \ 
For Thee , my Lord , for Thee . \ 
Power hath descended forth from Thy hand , \ 
That our feet may swiftly < PROPFEMALE > out Thy command . \ 
So we shall flow a river forth to Thee\ 
And teeming with souls shall it ever be . \ 
In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti . 
\Why did Mexican immigration increase ? \"\" Because the Chinese asked the Mexicans to replace them . \"" 
When troubles melt like lemon drops , high above the chimney tops , That's where you'll find me . 
< PROPMALE > Fillion <3 
We live the lives we choose to live . 
Hello , beardlovers . 
Im just taking my time , moving along ; you'll forget about me after ive been gone . 
Now that we're here , It's so far away . All the mistakes One life contained ; They all finally start to go away . Now that we're here its so far away , And I feel like I can face the day . I can forgive and I'm not ashamed to be the person that I am today . 
They're forming in a straight line , They're going through a tight wind . The kids are losing their minds ; The Blitzkrieg Bop . 
So what are we doing In Physics today ? Watching the < PROPMALE > Wedding . Kill me now . 
Fast Five with < PROPMALE > Mullinax and Devyn DJ'double U Wildy , then going to the opening night of Phantom of the Opera :D 
Served over 2000 fingers in the first two hours . Yay Foxfield ! 
Ding , < PROPFIRST > Osama's dead , Osama's dead , Osama's dead . 
Aaaaaaadventure now ! 
