is watching the first episode of HawthoRNe 

is anxious , 12 1/2 more to go before the big test . Hope I pass 
has earned the rank of 1st degeree black belt decided :) 
has crossed the bridge between a novice of taekwondo and an expert . I am eager to learn more and to show others the way . But first I'm going to party all day and go to the moives at night ... By the way transformers 2 is awsome !!! 
is cranky ; it's hot as heck , my AC has been broken all weekend and GA has been in the 100's all week . 
thought I was done with shots in the rear , OUCH . 
california here i come , goodbye < PROPFEMALE > 
watching the new season of house , missing heros , one tree hill , and CSI cause I no longer have a DVR , darn I need to get a new one tomorrow don't want to miss the Wednesday line-up . 
is :( this is the first my rainy in CA ... Sun come back !!! : ,,, ( 
\one day you'll wake up and realize how much you care about her ... and when that day comes she'll be waking up to the lucky guy who already knew \"" 
Thank you FB fam for all of the birthday blessings . 
yesterday was so fun I guess I used up all the weekend fun in one day , cause today soooo boring . *** frown *** 
is wondering if I started an nonprofit orginazation would you help the children out 
is watching Vampire Diaries and loving it 
is sitting in the house listening to the rain , eating popcorn , and drinking hot chocolate , while watching \Shorts\ " with the the greatest child in the world ... this is the best day ever . " 
is sitting here hungry with no car , and no way to get any food ... I hate surgery 
FACT : going grocery shopping after surgery painful , but hot chocolate helps a bit 
nothing like a little sake to ease you into a good night 
although some chocolate chips cookies would be nice 
DO NOT ACCEPT A FRIEND REQUEST FROM A CHRISOPHER DAVIES AND < PROPFEMALE > DAVIES THEY ARE HACKERS . TELL EVERY 1 ON YOUR LIST BECAUSE IF SOMEBODY ON YOUR LIST ADDS HIM , HE'LL BE ON YOUR LIST TOO . HE'LL FIGURE OUT UR COMPUTER'S ID AND ADDRESS , SO COPY & PASTE THIS .... MESSAGE TO EVERYONE EVEN IF U DON'T CARE . 
is about enjoy some freshly baked chocolate chip cookies and warm milk and then the scene that plays on the back of my eye lids 
Been doing homework with my child for three hours , all he had to do was color , but it only took half an hour to do the math pages ... things that make you say hmm . 
Third Kenpo class tonight ... Yea 
on my way to church to ring in the new year !!!! Be safe everyone , rememeber it's just another day so don't get stupid . Don't want to start off on the wrong foot . 
Tomorrow is going to be a big day , I go to my < PROPMALE > parents orientation and I start homeschooling my son who i also have to take to the doctors , and I start my own college classes ... I'm tired just thinking about it . 
First week of class down 17 more to go ... 
Needs a math tutor ... Any takers ? Just went from an A to a B and fears a another downward slope is still come . 
Just got the cutiest doggy yesterday ... 
I'm really starting to hate math ... where's Moffat or Jones when you need them ? 
Two all beef patties , special sauce , lettuce , cheese , pickles , onions on a sesame seed bun ... Hungry any one ? I am . 
Let's go Clots !!!!!! 
is wonder if \every aspect of behavior\ " and \ " all personality traits\ " can be viewed as simuliar ... if not I got that question wrong . " 
Got a \B\ " on my child development test ... yea . ;) Would've gotten am \ " A\ " if I hadn't changed those three answers ... boo . :( " 
had no idea it hailed in Cali ... t.v. you have deceived me for the last time . \Sunny california\ " my foot . " 
One step closer to giving a child a forever family . Wednesday we'll be three more steps closer . 
can someone plz factor x2+16x-10752 ... 
If one person was born at 9am on the eastcoast and another 9am on the westcoast and they both grew up in Texas who's older ? 
UCONN Women have just won their 72nd straight game and counting !!!!! Lets go Huskies !!!!! 
Cold and wet + errands = yuck 
So tired my eyes are burning , and in need of a math tutor . Any takers ? 
Keep hearing about the storm on CT , is everyone okay ? 
Started trainning for the 2010-2011 basketball seaon at my college ... why didn't someone stop me from signning up . I ' m so out of shape I thought I was going to pass out . 
Watching UCONN and Baylor ... Let's go Huskies 
UCONN won , next stop < PROPMALE > . Wait let me rephrase that , next victim < PROPMALE > ..... 
Really anxious ... game starts in about three hours , UCONN will be crowned the queens of the court in about six hours . 
Game starts in 30 mins . To show I'm not a sexist I did see Dukes win over Butler yesterday . Good game Duke . NC in the house . 
BACK TO BACK UNDEFEATED NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS FOR UCONN !!!!! Go Huskies , go Huskies ... 78 and counting , to be continues , next year . 
yea !!! I\m getting my championship shirts next week . Yea me !!! " 
just made some dirty rice , cabbage , and steak ... man that was a great dinner 
another day running around with the teenagers on the baskeball court ... my goodness I'm tired , not to mention crazy , for doing it in the first place . 
nighty night FB , took my melatonin and I'm out . 
had a great day in Sac w/ the fam ... we even went to a dog show . 
well i'm off to walk on clouds , see you the next time my eyes come across your personal space . 
Was going to bed but just remembered i have to take a math test . 
Getting ready for baseball season to start ... meet the kidos on Wednesday , looking forward to a great season . 
Morning FB . Hate getting a call five minutes before the alarm goes off , especially when it's bad news . My head is killing me and my ears are ringing 
Just got back from our first practice , it was great . 
FACEBOOKERS -- FB is violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites . Be sure to uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy ...... & repost . " 
oh my goodness ... I have a real slugger on my team . Wish I'd known that before I had pitched to her , I wouldn't be here with my knee wrapped , iced and elavated . 
practice was cold and wet today , but with the kiddoes excited and ready to go , I didn't realize how bad it was until I got in the car to go home . 
sometimes life just calls for us to slow down ... I got all of the answers on my English test tonight and should've scored 102 points , Instead I only got a 92 because when it said give an example I gave a definition ... moral of the story is \Pay attention to details \"" 
My kids pulled out a win today to start their season ... I'm so pround of my lil'cubs , they went in almost siked out by the other team but in the end they pulled it out . 
goodnight FB time to go beddy bye ... don't forget to kiss your love ones , even if you're mad at them tomorrow isn't promised to anyone . 
Got my preschool observation paper back from my child development teacher ... 99 points out of 100 , I say that pretty good . YAY me ! 
my head is killing me , I want to cry . 
Yea me ! I got the job ... all I have to do now is pass my certification test . 
GN FB , sleep finally caught me ... 
So I strarted the week with no job , and now I have two ... yay me !!! 
my hubby brought me a glass of wine and now it's time to kick back and relax ... after i practice my massage technique on him . 
True friends can go long periods of time\ 
without speaking and never question their friendship , and pick up\ 
like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has\ 
been ........ REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one 
God is smiling on me ... after being jobless for eight months I just got called for my third interview since Monday . I'm on cloud nine . Pray for me this is the one I really wanted . 
for my first paycheck i'm going to take my hubby to dinner ..... 
three finals tomorrow , all of them two hrs longs , the first one has three essay questions which have to be one < PROPFEMALE > in length each ... how fun ... guess I better get back to studying 
Congrats to the 2010 NCC or NCTC ( whatever the name is now , those of you from Norwalk know what i'm talking bout ) . Especially my beautiful sister , and my cousin . I'm proud of you . 
One down three to do ... 
Feeling excited ( two A's ) , stress ( two uncompleted ) , and tired ( too few hrs in the day ) all at once , I guess that's what finals week will do to you ... well , two done and two more to go . GN FB 
three done one to go ... 
Finals are finally done , the only thing left to do is wait for my grades to come back and school to start back again . 
Off to take my math final for the second time this semester . 
Does anyone know any honest homebase business I can get into on the side ? I'm not looking for a scam , just something to do , I have a lot of time on my hands now that school is out . 
it's about time my school posted grades .... 3 A's , a C , and an F well I tried . 
hey fb fam , my phone decided to take a swim today so i lost all my < PROPFIRST > . call me so i have ur < PROPFIRST > again . plz 
off of work and ready for be . Had a migraine for half the day and tired of trying to think . I go get my cane tomorrow ... seriously i'm getting an actually can 
My feet , back , knees and shoulders hurt .... man what a night 
Put that Rondo on sportscenter 
Classes start back up tomorrow time for me to call it a night . 
It's time to stop denying it , my four day long headache is actually a migraine ... ooowwww it hurts !!!!! 
Got a 400 word essay due in a few hours , only have 7 words so far , guess I better get started 
This is from Facebook . There are many complaints that FB has become unaceptably slow . The report shows that FB has a number of nonactive members . They want us to repost this message to see who is active and who is nonactive . If you don't repost this message with-in 2 weeks , you will be removed from FB , in order to get more space . So RePost this . about a minute ago 
not sure if that's true but it can't hurt , can it ? 
Got my big sis and nephew her in cali with me and I LOVE IT !!!!! 
Had great fun w/ my big sis , son , nephew , and husband yesterday in San Fransicso , discovered a few national landmarks by accident and they were beautiful , pics coming to my < PROPFEMALE > soon . My big sis has some though . 
 ? us to leave earlier all they had to do was say so . 
My big sis is gone , I miss her already , just dropped her off at the airport . * tears * , yes I cried . 
feet hurt , body's tired and I still have four papers to write , two late , one due tomorrow , and the other I have no idea what I'm suppose to be doing . 
°s more than he did last year 
I'm ten lbs lighter w/o even trying ... when I did try to loss weight I ended up GAINING ten lbs 
My nephew is taking the swimming test for the deep end right now ... i'll let u know how it goes 
¿ . Oh well there's always Saturday 
¿Aw , he didn't make it they said he did really good but they want to see him keep his arms straighter on the way back , they say he was chopping at the end 
My nephew just attacked my husband , than my son attacked my nephew ... it was so cute i love my family . 
Feeling burnt out ..... 
B- on my paper , an A- on my first test , and an A on my second test , I'd say I'm taking steps in the right direction , four more grades and four more days left . 
At work ... so bored ... HELP ME !!! 
New job , new excitements , new worries ... but for four dollars more an hour i'll take it all 
is sleepy !!!!!! 
Yeah my nephew passed his swim test , he can go n the deep end , off the diving board and down the slide now . Yay Anson !!! 
Spent the last three hours swimming w/ the fam , had a great time ... i'm beat now 
tired as ever , need to do something to relax and unwined so glad the weekend is here ... 
what a stress-filled day 
left work early , not feeling to hot , maybe i'll feel better later tonight but if not hopefully tomorrow 
had a great day at work today , some of them may be terrors but when you go into a room and they yell your name , running to you w/ open arms , there is no greater feeling 
What's my full name , age , birthday , bestfriend , nickname , eye color ?? after you answer \ 
repost this as your status and see who knows you :) i bet 10 ppl wont know 
It's offical ... my son is smarter than me . Just got the word that he can skip the thrid grade , and he excepted the reward for all of his previous hard work . 
Someone plz send me a maid , can't keep up with the mess in the house 
Got my face wiped with a previously used snot rag today by one of my daycare kids ... yuck !!! 
Nine year wedding anniversary on Monday , what to do what to do what to do !?!?!?!?! 
would tell you what i have planned for my anniversary but my husband maybe reading this 
Hubby surprised me with ; cake , < PROPFEMALE > and a card ... happy anniversary babe , nine years down . 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you , & to this day I still would ? When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body ? Put this on your status , if you have children you love more than life ? 
What does it take to see a snake for what it really is ? Family can be so blind to danger others put in place of the ones who love them . People need to leave family business to family . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Harrrison R.I.P. 8/14/05 , gone but not forgotten . 
The next time you think your perfect , try walking on water 
Anson had a great first day of school ... likes his teacher and his school , exspecially the math and recess 
Just did my first impromtu speech for class had four minutes to prepare and still got the highest grade possible ... yay me !!! 
Time to get ready to go out to eat at Cashe Creek with the ladies . Ladies night here we come 
Had a great time at Cache Creek , food was great ; could've done w/o the smokers though , got in so late all I remember is refusing to wrap my hair . 
Heard really good speechs on MRSA and Afganistan today , could've done w/o the three speechs on health and exercise though , but I guess all of that is important too . 
Off work early ready to start my four day weekend , yay ... after math class of course 9:30 needs to hurry up and get here . 
Enjoyed a nice lunch at chipolte's today ... still have half of my buritto , guess I'll eat it for dinner . 
to blessed to be stressed ... but man i could surely use a prozac right now 
Four day weekend is over , back to work tomorrow ... good news is there's only a four day work week . 
seven hours of work , three hours of school , and then home do an hour of homework with the child and now time to do my own homework ... a womens work is never done 
cut class today but still had a busy day , tired as heck ... by the way , does anyone know the answer to FoG(x ) if F(x) = x square +3 and G(x) = 3X-7 ? 
Eleven hours to go ... 
nine more hours to go , maybe I should pack three parachutes just in case ... 
one more hour ... 
About to go up as soon as the video is over 
Just got back on the ground , i am offically a sky driver ... yay me . Thanks guys for inviting me 
When the people look like ants you're good , but when the ants start to looking like people that's when you're in trouble ... to all my fellow sky divers jump safe 
My nephew had his first trumpet lesson yesterday !!! Yay him !!! 
Super pissed , wanted to go to the AF ball tonight but hubby isn't around to take me , well maybe another date and time . 
Had a good day with the fam including the pop in-law , sorry to see him go . I pray he has a good flight back to < PROPMALE > , and hope he can make it back here again soon . 
Anson lost a tooth during lunch yesterday , and said it was because he was going through puberty , and Oryan says \put it under your pillow my mom will giv " 
e you money\ . Don't you just love the logic of a childs mind ? " 
On my way to take a math test and not happy about it at all ... anyone want to trade places for three hours ? 
Got a huge migraine durning class tonight and driving home was horrible , hope I can make it to work tomorrow , really don't want to call out but not sure if this thing is going to get under control in 12 hrs 
Finally got the math test the teacher has been promising for the last three weeks , maybe I should have taken that time to study . Every question had an ( a ) and ( b ) to it . 
Answer to brain teaser : < PROPFIRST > was born on dec 31st , he made the statement on < PROPFIRST > 2nd when he was then 11 later the same year he'll turn 12 so next year he's turn 13 
The clues were , it's big , it's black , it's full of sea men and it's not my dick ... answer , submarine 
just took 2nd place in a checkers tournament , lost to a game strategy programmer(whatever that is ) . 
sitting in math class trying to make it to the end , wishing it was finished just like speech class ... bored 
sitting in math class ready to be bored out of my mind , wish this class was over as fast as speech was 
y is the class talking about walking out , class started 15mins ago and still no teacher ... there they go 
i'm going to need everyone to stop glorifing sex as if it's this great new thing . i'm tired of having to drive around in silence with the kids because the radio is filled with nothing but garbage 
Facebook\ 
Family heres a challenge for you . How did we meet ? Copy this to your \ 
status and see who remembers . Participate it will be fun ??? 
battle of the gender starts in 30 mins 
so it turns out that men and women are equal ... the night ended in a tie 
on the way to reno with the hubby , kid free for the day ... thanks big sis 
walking around the italian festival trying to figure out what to eat first 
on the bus leaving reno , with five dollars on my pocket and pain in my head . not bad considering i came in with nothing . 
on the way to the coast with my big sis and a friend , for a day of whatever comes our way 
Running on three hours of sleep , and can't take my sleeping pills for another two weeks , not sure if I'm gonna make it :( 
Watching Love & Baskeball and reminiscing about those days ... 
i dont like the term crazy , i prefer mentally hilarious !! am i suffering from it u ask , no silly person i enjoy every second of it . 
playing just dance 2 with my big sis , burning calories and having a blast doing it ... just dance party coming soon 
ten more minutes and then back to work , three more hours and then off to class , seven more hours and off to bed ... yay bed 
yay , i'm green !!!!!!! 
having my very own < PROPMALE > potter marathon , can't wait until november 19th to get here . 
at the shop getting a mani , pedi , and wax with my big sis , girl power ... yay 
Watching newsies ... love it 
Thank you very much to all of those how took time out of their day to wish my son and me a happy birthday we apperciate it , much love everyone 
my nephew got an advance reader award today , signed by his principal ... go Anson , it's your birthday , not real but for play play ... lol , nah but congrats Anson I'm so proud of you 
Going to see For Colored Girls tonight .. yay me ! 
Don't forget to set ya'll clocks back tonight . Don't want anyone too early for their religious services tomorrow . 
Homework and hot chocolate , lunch with the hubby and more hot chocolate , and then movies and even more hot chocolate 
To all my military people check your work emails your base my have sent you a list of resturants that are giving free meals all day long veterens day their are even some business that are giving discounts to active duty , reserve , and veterens this thursday the 11th in honor of veterens day . 
Just wanted to say thank you to all the past , present , and future veterns ... thanks babe for all you do . 
ready for the main event , pacquiao vs . < PROPMALE > 
let's get ready to rrrrumbooooow ! 
Too tired to watch < PROPMALE > Potter tonight :( ... but after a good nights rest I'm sure I'll be up to it tomorrow ;) 
heavy coat ... check , earmuffs ... check , sunglasses ... check , i love winter in california 
picturing football games played in the snow with my cousins , while smelling the aroma of grandmas cooking coming from the house ... feeling so home sick right now my stomach hurts . 
just finished watching madea's big happy family , nearly split my side wide open with laughter . now time to sleep , got work in a few hrs 
remembers trying to reach the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow . 
18 ... i luv u and miss u dearly , u were more than a friend , hope u can visit soom 
101 ... hello there my lil friend , we have been through so much in the nearly two decades we've been friends , and laughed oue way through it all , i couldn't have picked a better family member if we were blood . 
20 ... hey cuz , i still remember the first time we met in the lunch line . i can still spike harder than you ... lol 
79 ... everytime i think of u i think of those glasses , and how small norwalk is , we kept running into each other through mutual friends 
365 ... miss u much , wish we could go back to those w\right\ " days " 
25 ... miss those ponus , and village days 
1480 ... remember hooping it up under the direction of \fat neck \"" 
99 ... my sister in christ , continue lifting that voice and giving him the praise 
when we were children we used to think that when we grew up we would no longer be vulnerable , but to grow up is to accept vulnerability ; to be alive is to be vulnerable ~ madaline langle ( may have spelled it wrong ) 
i will show u fear in the handful of dust ~ t.s. < PROPMALE > 
Lost all my < PROPFIRST > when I got my phone , please inbox me ur < PROPFIRST > 
thank goodness for sim card backups 
Uconn Womens basketball team just made history , again . Let's go Huskies !!! 
Love it when we hold hands in bed and fall asleep while the TV watches us . Perfect ending to a great day . Nighty nite all 
Pirates of the Caribbean marathon ... getting an early jump on May 
In San < PROPFIRST > with the fam enjoying what pier 39 has to offer 
Now leaving the san < PROPFIRST > beach ... HUNGRY 
Our God is an awesome God , he reigns from heaven above with wisdom , power , and love our God is an awesome God ... 
Do not overrate what you received , nor envy others . He wo envies others does not obtain piece of mind . -Buddha 
The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen or touched , they must be felt with the heart 
Had our first game this am , the kids were awesome . We won by 40 points , and more importantly they all had fun and they all scored at least two points ... go raptors !!! 
Darn it ... back on crutches again 
One hr til ShowTime .... 
Let the waiting game begin 
Nearly three hrs later and they're almost ready for me 
Yay me !!! I'm connected again ; -> 
Took a sleeping pill four hours and yet I'm able to type these questions ... is it just me or is something wrong with this picture ? \ 
SLEEP , WHERE ARE YOU ? 
Say cheese 
Alright < PROPFIRST > YC Raptors , we're back on the winning side . Go kids making ur coach and parents proud ... s/o to my nephew who had eight points , woot woot !!! 
off to the gym ... no not for me sillys , i'm off to coach <3 
why did my four foot nothing , forty lbs , nine yr old take one six ( five if u ask his cousin ) boys in a fight today by himself 
I love when I find lost friends on fb ... there are no better friends then those who stuck with u before u where old enough to not have anything ... hi < PROPFEMALE > 
Playing dance central with family and friends 
Walking into the mall with my hubby , behind a with a measure curl ... why ? 
pain in the neck , pain in the back , pain in the knee , and work back tomorrow ... at least I was able to enjoy my day off 
Sitting at the drs waiting to have my neck and knee twisted and poked , so I can be told there's something wrong with them 
My son asked roof he could get up from the table , I tell him he didn't eat any of your broccoli , so he picks one up , pops it in his mouth , and says \now I did \"" 
My kids are so great , they've made huge progress from the beginning of the season until now . Even my nephew is stealing the ball , taking it coast to coast , and making foul shots . Go Raptors 
Feeling like I ran into a brick wall , while riding a bike ... :-( 
 ? èSometimes you find lifes little reminders in the strangest places ... i put my head back in agony on my couch and as I opened my eyes I saw a heart-shaped 
 ? è rainbow reflection on my ceiling . 
Drats foiled again ... the other team tied it up with 55secs to go and took the lead twenty secs later to win by two . I wish I could say they beat us but honestly we beat ourselves . Good try Raptors . 
At The Jungle with the kids and they are going wild ... lol 
I'm ready to test out my mechanical leg on the dance floor ... lol 
Moment of truth ... at the orthopedist waiting to hear the results of my MRI ... dun , dun , dun 
Need some shirts 
Congrats to the men and women of UCONN , both big east champions . A special shout out to the < PROPFIRST > YC U10 Raptors , who also won today . 
Now leaving the natural world going back to the processed one 
At physical therapy working this knee out , then off to work to workout my nerves ;-) 
Rain is great ... just not with a migraine 
To my fb military fam at < PROPFIRST > , does anyone if we have any power yet ? 
Watching the Uconn-Cincinnati game . Lets go Huskies !!! 
The wind and rain are so loud , the car alarm going off sounds like a bird chirping ... gn fb sleep tight , I know I will . Oh yeah congrats to the huskie men !!! 
So hungry I'm cranky ... grrr 
Does anyone know when the last < PROPMALE > Potter is coming out ? 
Came home to find out that my son has cut up some of his baby clothes >:-( 
oh so tired , so glad it's finally late enough to go to bed 
Thought I was going to sleep like a baby seeing as how I was nearly exhausted by bedtime . I slept like a baby alright , a newborn baby , up every hr or so :-( 
okay i'm going to try it again tonight , come on ten o'clock , and a good nights sleep i'm exhausted 
yay its ten o'clock , in go to bed now 
Happy 10th anniversary baby , I love you ... p.s. Thanks for reminding me 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will make a baby . Give her a house , she will make a home . Give her groceries , she will make a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given . ... So if you give her crap , prepare to receive a TON of shit in return . Hope to see every girl on my friend list re-post this LOL 
@ da club wit my girl ms. < PROPFEMALE > Brown waiting for my hubby and some good songs 
Had a good night wit the hubby and ms. Brown , too bad a wack DJ , and a migraine cut the night short 
Hate migraines :-( :-( :-( 
Yay UConn !!! 
Life is a fragile thing and we are all connected , so be careful with what you do with yours it will impact me too <3 
Looks like we're headed for another 80 plus day , yay for Cali weather 
Do u know how hard it is to listen to directions when the person giving them to u has a boogy playing peek-a-boo with you ? Tissue anyone !!! 
Out with the girls and some guy walks out and said \if she smokes she pokes . \ " What ????? " 
Opening ceremony is now complete , baseball season is officially under way . 
Yay UConn men !!! 
How much did the refs get paid to rig the game ? UConn women played a great game , you all will be back next year , hopefully with fair refs . Lets go Texas !!! 
