Happy New Year !!! 

getting ready to take the kiddos to the fireworks in New Baltimore . 
Happy 6th Birthday to my little miss < PROPFEMALE > !!! We are heading to the carnival . 
feels like she has a bad hangover ... but didn't even do any drinking . Not fair !! 
has too much to do today ! 
can't believe that I'm leaving for a week's vacation in the morning and I'm still not done packing !! 
We are back home from our little vacation in White Cloud . It was nice while it lasted ! I didn't take many pictures , but I'll try to load a few tomorrow . 
grumble , grumble 
getting ready to go turn in our leased minivan ... eh 
There is something about a man selling pork from a pick-up truck that just creeps me out ! 
is going to take the kids to the beach . 
So much to do and not enough coffee ... 
I'm getting tired of waiting for the cable guy ! 
I need a good strong drink ... or five ! What a day !! 
I really wish that our a/c was working downstairs !!! 
I wanna be sedated ... 
taking a break from sorting through all of the Fisher Price Little People that have taken over our house and they are getting ready to be evicted ! 
finally having some much needed coffee 
debating whether or not to have a yard sale this weekend ... decisions , decisions . 
I've been missing my Mom so much . It would have been her 56th birthday today . :( 
Getting ready to go check out a clothing swap in < PROPMALE > Hgts . 
I hate spiders in my bedroom !! I've already killed 8 of them and now there is a really big one on the ceiling . I've got the hee-bee-gee-bees !! 
getting ready to try and conquer the playroom . 
just made meatloaf ... at 11pm . 
getting ready to take my teenager to the mall . Wish me luck !! 
trying to chill a bit and watch BB11 . 
gonna go do some more house cleaning . yay ! 
my poor lil guy is sick . I need to get a bunch of stuff done around here , but he is sleeping on me and I don't have the heart to move him . 
Why must my thoughts elude me ? 
I'm going to start my 3-4 day long yard sale in the morning ... for real this time . :o ) 
is going to go make another attempt at getting some sleep . 
I posted an ad on Freecycle and Craigslist to give away the rest of the yard sale stuff that didn't sell . Now ... I wait . I'm a lil scared ... last time a lady tried to haul away my banquet table ! 
I love a good clothing sale ! 
is watching Blue's Clues with Ethan ... then doing more laundry . 
Rockin some Guitar Hero 5 with the kiddos . \\m/ 
wondering how my 6 and 7 year old daughters have ended up with so many shirts . I've < PROPMALE > up 88 of them and still have more to go . Then I'll move on to the boy's closet ... 
just got back from open house at the elementary school . It was a madhouse ! 
Going to go watch BB and then Sons of Anarchy . 
Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy & paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . 
my 6 year old daughter just walked up to me and put a stick bug on my arm ... strange . 
just got back from taking the kids on a horse-drawn carriage ride ... with < PROPMALE > . Bwahaha 
getting ready to take the kiddos to Shaw Park to meet up with some family . 
Sons of Anarchy , Hell's Kitchen and 2 NCISs tonight ... I watch too much TV . :) 
can't stand it when the phone rings and it is a computer on the other end . The computer tells me to hold ... so I hold . Then it tells me that it can't connect my call and will try again later . How rude !!! 
why is it so hard for me to get the stupid couch cushions back into their covers after washing ?? It is making my head hurt worse . 
time to start dinner ... or figure out where to order pizza from :P 
is off to cuddle with the kiddos and get them to sleep . Then it's my English homework to finish before midnight . 
off to school 
My cousin's gf had their baby boy today !! He is a lil peanut ... 5 lbs ., 5 oz . I can't wait to meet him ! 
should be doing homework ... but is watching Role Models instead . Shame ! 
my homework is finally done ... until tomorrow . 
mmm ... chocolate coffee 
is waiting for the shop to call to let us know what is wrong with our vehicle and how much it is going to cost to fix . #%$@ !!! 
$650 to replace a fuel pump ? WTF ! 
is trying to make matches from a basket full of socks and isn't having much luck . It looks like the washing machine has been hungry ! 
I am so sick of writing essays ... I could scream ! 
taking care of my poor little sick girl . I had pneumonia , then < PROPFEMALE > had bronchitis and now < PROPFEMALE > has a fever . 
< PROPFEMALE > is feeling a bit better , but now < PROPMALE > is getting sick . His fever got up over 104 last night . No Halloween party for him today . :( 
just got back from taking the girls trick or treating . < PROPFEMALE > was a good sister and carried < PROPMALE>'s bag and got < PROPFEMALE > for him since he was home sick . 
must do homework .... bah 
* yawn * finally done registering for winter classes . Now to figure out how I'm going to get to them . :s 
is brought to you today by the letters W T F 
Grumble ... yesterday's craptasticness has been way outdone by today's . I may be MIA for a couple days . Try to manage without me . Bwahaha ! ;p 
Today , I'm thankful for electricity and the heat that now works again ! 
how can a 13 year old girl be so afraid of hugs from her little brother and sisters ?? 
I need to have a rough draft of a 10 < PROPFEMALE > essay done by tomorrow night and a 21 < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE >.) report done by Thursday morning ... and an assesment report . I think I need to get more coffee !! A babysitter for my kiddos would help too ! 
My homework is about to drive me to drinking !! I'm getting too old for this shit ! 
Getting ready to take my Dad out to lunch for his 60th birthday <3 
* yawn * Re-typing 20 pages of a report really sucks ! 
Happy Birthday to my hubby and my little guy < PROPMALE > !! I can't believe < PROPMALE > is 5 already ! 
I love Amazon.com! 60-80% and free shipping rocks ! No going out into the cold for me today ! 
My Dad rocks !!! He is coming to get my kiddos for a while so I can wrap the presents ! 
I only managed to wrap 10 things in the hour and a half that my Dad had the kids . I need to get faster or buy giftbags ! 
My 5 year old doesn't want to go to bed . I told him that < PROPFEMALE > won't come until he goes to sleep . He said that it is ok because we have enough presents already ! Silly boy ! 
* yawn * < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! The kids got up at 5 and are now happily playing with their presents . Do I get to go back to sleep now ?? 
Just had some leftovers and watching National Lampoon's Christmas ... all is now complete ! :) 
Getting ready to go to Pump it Up ... woot ! 
I need coffee , but I'm too tired to go make it ... think I may just take a nap instead . 
How did we meet ? Everyone play this game : Copy and paste this phrase in your status box , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and know each of your friends . Before you do that , answer for me :) 
none 
I'm going to go attempt getting all of this homework done ... wish me luck ... I sure need it !! 
Now I need to write a letter that I would want read at my funeral . WTF ? This class isn't quite what I expected . 
It's WAYBACK WEEK ! Change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable we all were when we were young . 
“Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . ” ~ Dr. Seuss 
I jumped on banana sliding down a hill because because I'm NOT crazy . 
s ?? p ? so ?? ? o ? uo 
ahh ... finally having some coffee ... maybe I'll wake up now . 
taxes or homework ? choices ... choices ... choices 
wondering if it is too early to start drinking ... 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? If you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name ... repost with your definition ... 
I really wish it was bedtime ! 
home alone ... feels so weird ! 
I think my kids had too much chocolate ... 3 youngest started doing the stanky leg ... without any music even playing ... 
Is it wrong to let my 6 year old watch Hoarders in an attempt to get her to give up a bunch of her toys ? lol 
* insert string of obscenities here * - that about sums it up ! 
If you were a Windows XP disk , where would you hide ? I can't log into the computer and need to replace the userinit . exe file ( I think ) and I'm getting crabby because I lack tech skills . :( 
My kids don't have school , but I still do ... not good . 
Down's syndrome is not an illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to make them better , what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else ... 93% of my friends will NOT copy this ... Will you be one of the 7% that does copy ? 
My Dad kindly took all of my kids for a few hours , and what do I do ? Laundry , dishes and then shoveling snow in the dark . There must me more wrong with me than I thought ! 
Hubby wants me to give our daughter a perm . hehe ... 
It's only 55 degrees in my house , but feels so much colder . I'm pretty sure I fixed the heater , but it sure is taking a while to warm up in here . I need to get ready for class , but I so don't wan't to get out from under the covers ! Brrrr 
Help ! I need to find someone who works in the Crisis Intervention field that would be willing to let me ask them a few questions for a paper that I'm writing for a class . It would be much appreciated ! 
Anyone want to tell me about their preferred theoretical modality ?? Anyone ?? 
TO MY NON-GAME-PLAYING FRIENDS : I play games that can generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you don't want to see these , move your cursor to the right of the game message and the word \Hide\ " will appear . Click on \ " Hide\ " for the game name - and not me ! - Future messages from that game will be hidden on your wall ! " 
Why is it that something as simple as going through the loop and dropping your child off for school is SO hard for some people ? 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself ? " 
Getting ready to take the kids to see < PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks-The Squeakuel . Gotta love free movies ! 
I'm off to see my oldest perform in 2 school plays ... as soon as I find the battery for my camera . ;P 
Went to the laundromat ... washed , dried , sorted and folded 5 quadruple sized loads of clothes . Now I need someone to bring it all in from the < PROPFIRST > and put it away ! Oh , I can't wait until I can use my dryer again . 
Must get some sleep ... got a busy day at the zoo tomorrow with my little guy and his preschool class . <3 
It was the perfect day for the zoo . Me and < PROPMALE > had a great time with his class ! Now if I can only find the cord to load the pictures onto the computer ... 
Traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for hairy legs , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! I LOVE MY 4 KIDS !!!! ~ With Mother's day drawing near lets see how many Moms Repost this . Moms don't care what we gave up and will continue to give up for our kids !!!!!???. 
My 5 year old son just told me that the spaghetti I made for dinner tonight tasted like hot lava ! I wonder if that is worse than the hamburger my cousin made him last week that he said tasted like bad music ? He cracks me up ! 
So much for the big plans of doing yard work for the rest of the day . I was looking forward to getting my children to do some < PROPMALE > labor ! bwahaha 
<3 Your Mother is Always with You <3 \ 
She’s the whisper of the leaves as you walk down the street . \ 
\ 
She’s the smell of bleach in your freshly laundered socks . \ 
She’s the cool hand on your brow when you’re not well . \ 
Your Mother lives inside your laughter , \ 
She’s crystallized in every tear drop ... 
I don't wanna go to school on my birthday tomorrow !! 
<3 Thanks so much for all the birthday wishes !! <3 
taking the kids back to the library to < PROPFEMALE > out with the < PROPFEMALE > Wars guys from the 501st Legion some more :) 
My Dad is the greatest !! My lawnmower broke down today and he just found me another one for $40 . Now I won't have to make the kids cut the grass with safety scissors ! Hehe 
Another fine day brought to us by the letters W T F ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads out there !! 
Must get some sleep ... heading to the zoo tomorrow . =) 
LET'S SEE WHO IS AWAKE ? <3 Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are ... and if they are paying attention . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of your first name , No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you ! This should be interesting ? ? 
