Why must this be so hard ?!!! lol 

I'm really frustrated becuase I'm trying to learn the first movment of Moonlight Sonota on piano . It has five < PROPFEMALE > s and I've only learned one < PROPFEMALE > in the past week . 
( Note I've never really played the piano , but I do have an up I can read sheet music to an extent . I have a problem with base cleff ) 
I love and miss you all . 
Congrats to me ! I've learned Moonlight Sonata first movment on the piano . 
Can't wait for Animazment . Looking for roomies now . 
confuzed 
I'm bored and no one wants to play with me ! What's up with that ? 
Sad cuz I couldn't go to the Bomb Dump with < PROPMALE > today . 
Off to school I go . My brother has left for the summer , so now I'm not quite sure what to do in my free time . One , it kinda sucks playing by urself . Two , he took all the xbox games , so I have no games of my own here to play . Three , I want to play with my brother . 
At school and feeling down . My laptop was suppose to be in Monday and it's still not here so I'm pretty upset . GRRRRRRRRRR . Love you all and miss you lots . 
Wishing my Daddy was home already . 
Depressed and putting of two reply emails that I know I sould write . I don't want to becuase it will make me even more depressed . Heh , life continues on , I guess . * Heavy Sigh * 
My divorce with < PROPFIRST > has been compleated . Divorce is a sad thing but YAAAAY . Celebrating freedom isn't all that bad , lol . 
Omg i'm going to see eclips in 1 hour i cant wait . lol 
Somebody Loves Me !!! Right ???? 
< PROPFIRST > I miss you !!!!! \ 
Wish I had someone here to help me plan this wedding !!! \ 
OH by the way everybody , the date is set to June 11th 2011 . If you wanna come , I need addresses to send out invites !!!!! 
Depression is a pill best swallowed then to be chewed on making it's effects linger longer in your mouth . 
Today is a day of renewal . Of a library book that is . 
OMG !!! OMG !!! < PROPFIRST > finally emailed me back and I'm so extatic !!!! 
I had a lovely day today . To most I think it would have been an horrid day . Anyways , I went to deliver a laptop I had fixed and my radiator blew up . It had this big hole in the side of it . So I rode my broken car to the closest auto parts store , bought a new radiator and replaced it myself . Yes I , < PROPFEMALE > , replaced it myself . I had fun doing it too . The people around me thought I was crazy , but I did it . :D :D 
I'm getting so tired of waiting for an email from that Man . It's driving me crazy . Lately I've just been getting so mad that I can't talk to him . Uuuuggggghhh . I want him home already . I hate that there's virtually no communication between us . OMG ! I hate it . I hate it . I hate it . 
Everybody Listen Up . My phone isn't working right now . If you need me message me here !! 
WHY ! WHY DOES A GOOD ANIME ALWAYS HAVE TO END SO BADLY ??!!!!! 
Wishing < PROPFIRST > would contact me someway somehow . I really need to talk to him !! 
Yay my phone is back on . 
Yay , I found a place to stay . I still haven't heard from < PROPFIRST > . It's been 17 days since I've heard from him . What's going on ? 
Had an absolutely lovely night on the town with the girls , awesome . 
Wishing I could get in contact with < PROPFIRST > . It's been nearly 3 weeks now . What's going on out there . I want to talk to him . I think we are at the half way point till he comes home . Hope that's right . * sigh * 
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG < PROPFIRST > Finally called me !!!! I miss him sooooo much . 
I feel so much better . Thankyou God for such a wonderful day . 
I lost the Game . 
I lost the Game ! 
I can't go to sleep . Frustrated out of my mind . Uuugghhh ... SCREW . 
Grrrr .... Can't sleep ! 
What am I suppose to do with myself this early in the morning ? I still need to go to school today to , 
Nighty Night * sigh * 
Up and working on getting so school I guess . Dang this sucks . I'm so freakin ' tired . 
Can't go till 1 . Gotta tutor for two hours . This is ok , but I'm soooooooo tired . 
Halloween was fun . As long as everyone had fun , I'm happy . Didn't get to go trick-o-treating . That was really sad , but I didn't want to be vulnerable looking trick-o-treating by myself . That's just asking to be abducted . Life goes on . Maybe next year . 
Yay , finally home . Did some cleaning before I finally stat down to the computer . I feel lots better . I know I should feel sleepy but I don't . I guess that should be good for tonight so I don't screw up what little sleep schedule I have . 
Noooo ... I fell asleep . 
Mmmm ... that was yummy . 
Maybe 
I , for some unknow reason , feel unloved today . Maybe it's the sharp pain of the knife you're sticking in my back . 
I'm hungry . What should I eat . I donno lets go and see . 
When will I finally feel at home again . 
I'm Sooooooooooooo Upset !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Grrr .... The SoCo is calling . I drink I will have . Maybe more . 
Mew Mew Mew Mew 
I got an awesome new phone . Its pretty sweet . 
