Batted 4 for 4 today . Plus I got a double that was not an error , Go Me ! :) Now if only I could do that every game ! 

Had an amazing time in Des Moines , Now need to find energy to pack and drive the unbearable I80 route home . Im rooting for NO speeding tickets this time around ! 
Time to work four 12+hour shifts in a row ... Bring it On !! 
In a 72 hour period , I have worked 40 hours . One more 12+ hour shift and then time for a break from the hospital !!! 
is relaxin 
is sun burnt . Im in a wee bit of pain now :( But going to the Lake was fun ! 
You know when its hot outside , when you have to get a random neighbor to kick your door open . BC the wood has expanded ... That's HOT ! 
I am one of the chosen ones ... hopefully only two more days of jury duty ! 
The verdict has been made ... No more Jury Duty ... Back to work tomorrow ! 
Is headed to the Taste with my Sisters , then visiting my Mom at the Hack for dinner ! 
I finally Have Internet in my Apartment !! Woo Hoo , Time to surf through Music :) 
Cleaning the apartment while playing New Mat Kearney and < PROPMALE > Yorn Tunes 
Just got done Bike riding along the Lake . Highly recommend everyone to do the same , the weather is perfect !! 
Had an Awesome Movie Night with Keenar , eventhough part of my Ceiling Collapsed in my Bathroom ! A pleasant surprise when I got home from work ! 
Workin at the Hack tonight ! Need to make that $$ to pay off those stupid red light camera tickets ! 
is catering to three 15 year olds , and i i wish i was like < PROPFEMALE > :] 
Played an awesome softball game . Though some of the grown men with beer guts need to take a loss instead of starting a fight at a Co-Recreational slow pitch softball game . I am < PROPFEMALE > happy we won ! 
Saw A Great < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Show at Uncommon Ground . A Perfect Nite to Be performed on the Patio . 
What I learned today watching my pt for DTs from ETOH withdrawal , is that DT stands for delirium tremens and there is a delicious beer named after the withdrawal effects of ETOH . Everyone go out and buy DTs ! 
Some people can look up at the sun to see what time it is , others just look at there watch . I can tell time by watching the cops pass out parking tix ... yep its about 4:05 p 
Typical Day at Mount Sinai ... Joe Biden decided to make a special visit . 
My BOS Softball Team is very similar to the CUBS . After 8 years of playing in the league we generally do stellar in regular season but every year we choke in the playoffs . Oh well we must also have the < PROPFIRST > Goat Curse :) It was a very good year ! 
3 more days till I hit the Road ... 4 more days till I see my Grandview Nursing Girls !!! 
road trip . 
Theres a reason why there should be a nursing reunion only once a year ... I am exhausted !! But had an amazing time Girls ! 
My Current love is < PROPFIRST > LaMontagne Station on Pandora.com, I just cant stop listening to the Tunes :) 
I am off to Killer < PROPFEMALE > Time !! 
Headed to Bucktown to see < PROPFIRST > and Ry's new Place ! Plus having a BBQ with Hackney Burgers ... Doesnt get much better than that :) 
There are some pretty amazing teachers at Grand View , that will go the extra mile to give you a hand . Thank You < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , you guys are awesome ! 
< PROPMALE > Matthews Tomorrow Night ! Woo Hoo , now if I can somehow leave work early ! 
Exhausted from My sis Baby Shower ! 6 more weeks until the lil munchkin arrives . So Happy for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !! 
Help ! Can someone please open this Jar of Relish ??? I need my relish for my Tuna Sandwich :( 
There are 40,000 people making my life difficult . Pretty much all the streets around my apt are Tow zone for the Chicago Marathon ... Thank You so much you healthy human beings !! 
Rise up this mornin , Smiled with the risin sun , Three little birds Pitch by my doorstep Singin sweet songs Of melodies pure and true , 
Gliding Through Life With a Smile and Loving It 
Grace < PROPFEMALE > Wolinski made her grand appearance today , my beautiful baby Niece . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are well and thrilled for their new addition !! 
Accepted ! I am now an official student of Bournemouth University , well for only a month . Class starts January , time to book that plane ticket !!! 
The weekend consisted of Good Times , Good Laughs , with some Good Friends . Now its time to recover and sleep ... Good Nite ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > my Nephew was born today ! A beautiful 8pound bundle , 21 inches long will be tackling in Football Games in no time ! < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are well and are psyched for their new little tyke :) 
Had an awesome Day with my Parents and < PROPFEMALE > . Great Play Downtown , and some Delicious Italian Food at Angelinas ! :) 
is Raditude ... Cant wait for Weezer tonight at the Aragon Ballroom !!! 
Is not ready to pull 4 days of 12+ hours in a row at Sinai ... I guess ready or not here I come ... 
Many People die with their music still in them . Why is this so ? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live . Before they know it , time runs out . ~ O.W. Holmes ~ I have always loved this quote ... well I booked my flight to London to earn my UK Nurse's License ... Adventures in new places is my Music :) 
< PROPFIRST > Poppins is on ABC Family , I have seen it at least a thousand times . Its still my favorite disney movie of all time ... plus it goes great with a glass of red wine :) 
Ive got a date with a Mundelein Court Judge at 1030 . Stupid insurance card , its < PROPFEMALE > easy to forget to put the new insurance card in my glove department . Though the officer found it humorous that I have collected 5 years insurance cards and didnt have my new one ... I still have to go to court 
About to watch < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s new show on TLC . The Little Chocolatiers , absolutely crazy they have there own show !!! So happy for them :) 
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
Dear Laundrymatte Customers , I think there needs to be rules around here . Like if you dont come back after an hour , then I can take your clothes out ... right ?? But then why do I feel guilty ? Please take your clothes out , so I dont have a meltdown . Oh and if your actually present in the laundrymatte , please apply deodorant generously . There is no reason for you to stink while your washing your clothes ! Yours Truly , Katie 
Thank You to the awesome people that came out to share my final days in the US ... Woo hoo 2 more days and Im in England !!! 
? All My Bags Are Packed I'm Ready To Go ...? 
I dont care its the middle of January , I am loving the beach ! Class by the water , brilliant ! 
Writing so Much , my penmanship is getting worse as we speak ... almost as bad as the doctors ... well i guess not That Bad :) 
So a Aussie , a South African , and a American walk into a bar ... yep good times last nite :) 
Happy Birthday Dad !!! Ha I wish you had Facebook so you can actually see this :) 
Vampire Weekend \Contra\ " album is singing to me Right Now ... so Sweet is the sound " 
Happy Birthday Mom !!! 
Watched the Sunset from Boscombe Pier after a long walk on the Beach , it was a good day . 
Need to finish my obnoxious ONP book , then as my award I get to go to Bath , then < PROPFIRST > !!! 3 more days , Yay !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Bird Tunes , so peaceful sweet ... puts me in a happy mood :) 
My ONP Book is Complete , time to pack and leave Bournemouth for a bit !!! Goodbye for now :) 
Bad Travel Day !!! But ... I have a voucher to go to < PROPFIRST > FREE roundtrip for today's headache :) 
Enjoying my last days of my trip in London :) 
Sweet Home Chicago 
Man Do I Hate To Clean , Especially since I left my Apt a Destructive Mess when packing over a Month ago :( But the Tunes on Pandora is making me feel better 
I am Determined to Find Vampire Weekend Tickets for Chicago's Sold Out show at the Riv ! Determined !!! 
Worked a 16+ hour shift last night , just woke up a couple hours ago . Now getting ready to Work at Hackneys Restaurant in Wheeling with my Mom :) Back at Sinai bright and early in the AM :( 
Another 16+hr shift down ( sigh ) now time to relax and enjoy a easy work week ... Im seeing good times in my near future ... :) 
Lovely Day for a GUINNESS ! Today will be my 10th St. Patricks Day at Hackneys , Bring on the GREEN beer ! 
Had a Great Day at Work , Unwinding with a glass of Bordeaux , AND Im not working the Weekend ! Doesnt Get Much Better Than That ! 
Speak Kind to a Stranger , Cause you'll Never Know , It Just Might be an Angel come Knockin ' at your Door ... :) 
Rough Day at Work , Its never good being in Charge ... I Definitely had a Case of the Mondays :( 
Tomorrow is a New Day ... 
Drinking a Sparks getting ready for the Night ! Wow Sparks was a staple back in my College Days :) Should be a Great Night seeing my Coworkers out in normal clothes :) Congrats Emelyn !!! 
Woke up thinkin my alarm was playing Listzomania by Phoenix . Quickly realized it was all in my head ... Felt too Weird ! But woke up with a smile , I am my own Juke Box :) 
Soaking up some Vitamin D right on Lake Michigan . Its a Beautiful Day ! 
Its National Hug a < PROPFEMALE > Day ! So everyone needs to find there favorite < PROPFEMALE > , bc we all know at least 5 of them , and give her a Big Hug ! Have a Wonderful Day Everyone :) 
Time to go to Sleep while Listening to the Birds Chirping :) Had a Great Night ! 
Tonight is my First Night Shift at Sinai !! Yikes , time to take a Nap STAT !! 
My Eyes Burn !! Hmm Maybe its from the 3hours of sleep I got , I have learned from this Lack of sleep NOT to pickup my phone when trying sleep . Alright ready or not bring on another Night Shift :) 
After a Long Day at Work , I had an Awesome Night with my Crazy Friends in Bucktown !!! All I can say is Good Night :) 
Date Night Movie is a Must See , Too Funny ! Had an Amazing Time Last Night ... Goals and Objectives today ? Just Relax :) 
Just Got Low Census for 4hours ! Sweet ! Hopefully we can turn that into 12hours ... fingers crossed ! 
Alright another Season of 14 inch Softball with Family and Friends ! Come on BOS lets get a W :) 
Alright ready for another Fun Day at work , Bring on the admissions , bring on the STAT labs , Bring it ALL on ! ( note my sarcasm ) God Help Me , my Cup of < PROPFIRST > will be my Best Friend Tonight :) 
My lease is up for my apt , back home in Wheeling with my family for a couple of months until my new chapter of traveling around UK happens in June ! Cant Wait ! Right Now No longer a city girl , officially an Suburbanite :) 
Had the best night at work and I wasnt on 6N ! Time to say good night for now :) 
~ Nurses Week ~ 
Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immenseresponsibility\ 
& very little authority . You step into people'slives & make\ 
a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You seepeople at \ 
their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You seepeople's\ 
capacity for love , courage , & endurance . ? IT'S NURSES APPRECIATION\ 
WEEK . REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE , AND/OR APPRECIATE A \ 
NURSE . 
Hmmm I think my little sister's Beta Fish < PROPFIRST > as seen the light and gone to it . A 21 flush salute is underway . So Long < PROPFIRST > ! 
Baptism Day for my Goddaughter , < PROPFEMALE > ! Weather was perfect , and so was she ! Though she made things very exciting when she spit up during prayer with the Pastor . She couldnt have picked a better timing , Aww < PROPFEMALE > I Love Ya ? 
You are sitting in a bar , a song comes on and suddenly you think of me . What song is playing ? 
Went out with my Crazy Nursing Girls Tonight Latravia < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Valero < PROPFEMALE > Stephens , and miss < PROPFEMALE > Lynise ! My Body hurts from Laughing < PROPFEMALE > Hard , so much Fun ! 
Awesome time with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Rotizza-Niedbalec drinking pineapple upside down martinis at Fox N Hound ... Mmmm so good ! 
Need to turn my car in this week since my Lease is up and Im fleeing the country and oh my what a perfect Time to be a part of a 3 car accident ! Ha oh well , life certainly can throw me some curve balls , I am certainly looking forward to not having a car in a week , too much responsibility :) 
Thank you to all the Wonderful Birthday Wishes ! It was a Big Day today , World Cup opened , Blackhawks parade , Celebrated < PROPFIRST>'s graduation from residency program All on the Day of my Birth ... very special indeed :) Much love to all ? 
This is the one and only time I will accept a tie with usa and england , besides today i have a real issue with no deciding factor of a winner/loser , yes you can tell i do not follow soccer much :) ... england better be scared or get a new goalie ! This is getting exciting !!! 
London is Calling ... 
London Bound :) 
In between my classes today I spent an awesome lunch in millenium park ( london version ) eating jerk chicken and pumpkin rice from a local vendor . Laid out in the grass barefoot , funny to see business people in their nice suits doing the same . The jamaican feast , live music in the background and the gorgeous sunshine was too good to be true !!! 
First Day of Work Tomorrow ... EEEK ! Goal for tomorrow ???.... Dont Be Late :) Oh and Happy Fathers Day !!! 
So nice to log all my obnoxious luggage to my hopefully final resting point in London and to see a letter from my sister placed in my new room . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Wolinski Thank you so much for the wonderful Thank You card ... hmmm thats sounds a bit funny ... it was so great to read after an exhausting and tiring day ? 
Way To Go England and USA !!! Big W on Both Sides :) 
Had a much needed night out !! Saw US make great effort with getting that W but sadly we will have to wait till Brazil 2014 to go all the way ... Now Time for Bed ! Looking forward to England Game Tomorrow !!! 
Crazy Monday Work Day , Learning Lots !!! Time for another Round tomorrow !! Im praying for no emergency blood transfusions pretty please :) 
I have been planning on watching Eclipse on this day for quite a while . Just learned that UK and USA have different release dates :( So < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > enjoy that movie , try not to ruin it for me and I shall wait one more week to experience the Twilight craziness ! Ok Plan B : < PROPFEMALE > out at Hyde Park :) 
Happy Canada Day Everyone ! Enjoyed the day in the sun at Trafalgar Square eating Poutine , drinking Sleemans Beer while watching some Floor Hockey ! Also ran into Eclipse premiere at Leicester Square , sadly no sighting of team < PROPFIRST > or < PROPMALE > :p 
Happy 4th of July Everyone !!! Mission today is to find a Firework Show in London , hmm should be interesting , a def Challenge :) 
< PROPMALE > Matthews AND < PROPFIRST > Mraz at Wrigley Field , in September !!! Im crushed that I wont be there please guys come on over here and make a London Invasion !!! 
I Had 8 Patients Last Night 1 pt had a Blood Transfusion(Hgb 5.0 ) ... Exhausted just got home with enough time for some sleep then back to work for Round 3 ! As of 11am ... Good Night ! 
Woke up today for another round at Work and decided I need to go to Dublin for the Weekend . One more Night of Work then its a Train/Ferry ride to Dublin Baby !! Tomorrow Night Ill be enjoying Oh My Goodness , My Guinness :) 
Back from a great Dublin Trip , I have to agree the Guinness tastes < PROPFEMALE > much better overthere !! 
Me : Hey Doc the pt s/p liver Bx vitals are BP 84/42 , resps at 22 , pulse 119 , Sats at 93% @ 2L what kind of bolus/labs/etc ? Doc : Yea < PROPFEMALE > how bout you give her 500cc of Jello and recheck the Obs & we will go from there . Ha ha Thank You < PROPFEMALE > Benkert if it wasnt for you I would be running around the kitchen today wondering \WTF Jello ?! Those Brits can sure talk funny ! " 
Happy Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!! Wish I was back Home So I can share all the embaressing stories when she was a Baby . My Little Sister is Officially Sweet Sixteen !!!! 
Universal HealthCare at its best ! Need to get my wisdom tooth removed since Im having problems with it ... Xrayed , Examined , Yep my appt is in September !!!! They told me if there is pain just take analgesia until your appt , Ha wow , i guess be happy its free ! 
Was in the process of getting Tickets to Bedouin Soundclash sold out concert for tomorrow , had a beer at a pub by the venue . Met a band who are playing in a couple of hours ... Keep an eye out for \What Now . \ " Good guys who play rock/punk music will be seeing there show in an 1 1/2hr :) " 
Amazing Tunes of Bedouin Soundclash at Sold Out Venue ! The Highlight was the last song ... it was a cover song \standby me\ " with a sweet transition to \ " When the night feels my song . \ " Was a big fan Back in College wanting to see them live and now I have ... hmm it was worth the wait :) " 
Havent enjoyed a Monday Off from work in quite awhile , Felt < PROPFEMALE > good today . Plus was able to see onsite filming of a bollywood film in Southbank London . Very Cool watch out for Ra One in 2011 ! 
Woke Up just feeling Great Today ! Plus I have booked my final Trip before I head towards the States ... Indonesia Here I come , will be backpacking through Java possibly Sumatra to Bali and Head towards Lombok relaxing in a bungelow while learning how to surf all in one month . I better Get a tan before I head back to the < PROPFEMALE > City :) 
Im getting ready for my 4th night shift in a row ... Must have happy thoughts , i can do this ... 
Mom I want some of your Amazing Enchiladas , Its a craving thats not Going Away !!!!! Must Send Across the Atlantic ASAP ! 
I've just become the 642nd person to join the innocent Wall of Peace in support of Peace One Day and it'd be ace if you joined me . Just follow this link and help spread the word of peace a little further http://www.innocentdrinks.co.uk/peaceoneday 
I ? Bank Holidays !!! Time and a Half Tomorrow , ooh so Sweet $$ 
Had a Great Day at the Zoo with < PROPFEMALE > Erickson . Saw the Giraffes ... Bought a Watch , contemplated on the odd new fashion \jump suits\ " and ended the day sipping a Bramble at Strawberry Moons . Yes Indeed it was a Good day at the Zoo :) " 
Never Forget 9/11 . Ill Always remember sitting in my first block English Class Sophmore year of WHS , our teacher turned on the TV just moments before the 2nd plane crashed into the World Trade Center . You couldve heard a needle drop not only in our classroom but throughout < PROPFEMALE > watching these horrific scenes . I hope this Flordia Pastor gets his act together before he endangers more innocent lives . 
So Much To do , So Little Time , Ahhh !! 
Had an awesome last few days of London with some amazing friends ... you know who you all are :) Thank You ... now im at Dubai airport to refuel the plane for the trip to Indonesia . haha I have the Travel Bug . Oh and PS one of my goals with these travels is to try starbucks in each country ... hmmm Dubai's starbucks ... 3 1/2 stars ;) 
Im in Jakarta Java !! All I have is my backpack and a beautiful country at my footsteps . Couple of random backpackers and I were talking about our plans , got some possible new ideas . But first is tmw ... train ride to yogyakarta , locals say its a must see :) 
Ok my first Blonde Moment in Yogyakarta .... Its customary/respectful to take ur shoes off before you enter a shop . I knew this but forgot when I was goin into a Batik < PROPMALE > Gallery with shoes that stepped in a puddle . The Owner looked @ me like I poured ink over his artwork . I profusely apologized & cleaned up the floor ... his wife on the otherhand was lovely & told me not to bother that grump and to please drink her tea :) 
Roadtrip !! Headed to Mt . Bromo ! 
Never going to buy a < PROPFEMALE > banana ever again , the real stuff is here hanging outside my room :) 
So Today I went to The Sacred Monkey Forest ... Yea those monkeys are nothing sacred unless you worship the devil ... hmm Wizard of Oz comes to mind :) 
I just had a monarch butterfly plant itself on my shoulder for a split second while another one was flying around me . I think only < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Wolinski know the significance of this . I have seen many butterflies during my trip but never monarchs , all i could do is smile until they flew away ... the funny thing is I stubbed my toe moments after this , ha thanks a lot :) 
Im In Lombok , All I can Say Amazing :) 
Had amazing unforgettable time in Gerupuk , Lombok . From the village kids to my awesome new found mates , it was one trip of a lifetime . But time to move to my next chapter in life ... HOME :) I have just begun a very long journey to my Sweet Home Chicago ! 
I am officially Alert and Oriented X1 ... Feeling weird with having culture shock in Chicago , and the time of day is screwing me up , but feels good to be home :) 
ROAD TRIP !!! < PROPFIRST > Here I Come !!! :) 
Got Back from < PROPFIRST > ... A Big Congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > Huber and < PROPMALE > A Huber on there wedding . It was a gorgeous event . Two beautiful people in more ways than one are officially locked in with ball and chain :) Congrats you Guys !! 
Just found out from my sister that a 7.5 earthquake hit Jakarta . I hope all my wonderful Indo friends and travelers are safe and not around Jakarta and southern Sumatra area . Be Safe Guys , wherever you might be ! 
~ Yawn ~ ... Good Night ... zzzzzz 
Headed to My God-Daughter's 1st Birthday Party !!! And its a Costume-Party ... what am I going to be ?? < PROPFEMALE > White from the Snickers Commercial !! Best person to be , I get to wear sweats , eat snickers , and If need be , I can tackle someone :) 
Blasting Pandora a mixture of Phoenix , < PROPMALE > Matthews , PeteYorn , and Coldplay . Music brings me Happiness ? 
\You May Say Im a Dreamer ... But Im Not the Only One \"" 
Happy Guy Fawkes Day Everyone !!! Its one of those Days I wish I was in London enjoying the Fireworks , but instead Im going to do the next best thing . A sushi date with Miss < PROPFIRST > Hardt tonight ! ... Yes I realize its almost 4in the morning , but man do I need a drink right about now :) 
Bra Skit :) 
Working at Hackneys with My lil Sis and Mom tonight . Yep its a Family affair , making those tips :) 
I wished I lived in California , so I can break off and < PROPFEMALE > with Hawaii ... Alaska can come too :) 
I am recharged & inspired to do something great in this world . From when I was a Pre-Nursing Student listening to a Nurse & her experiences with MSF , to Last nite attending a recruitment session with Doctors Without Borders . I know I am hooked . So many places to see , so many people to meet , so much to improve on in the world . My goal is in 1 1/2years Ill be in the field . But for right now , time to learn some French :) 
Attention Team Sweden !!!!!! Who has the team photo from our football game ??? Would love to get a copy to remember the day I played with my evil swedes . That game was definitely Bra Skit :) 
Worked 19hours at Sinai , came home baked cookies for Work tomorrow . Now going to bed to recover from this very long shift and get ready for tomorrow at Sinai . Hmmm does it sound a bit of an overkill ?!? 
It doesnt matter if enjoying a feast with your friends and family include a Turkey Dinner , Fish and Chips , Gado Gado , or a Big Plate of Swedish Meatballs ... Giving Thanks should be spread all around . ? Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ? 
I either work too much or not enough at Sinai , was low census tonight . Good thing I have this waitressing Gig ... Tomorrow is work at Hackney's with Mom and Lil Sis , Im dreaming for some Good Tip $$ , Good Nite :) 
Hmm a Roadtrip to Des Moines to relive my GVC Years with my Nursing Girls ?!?! Too many Fine and Fuzzy memories on Court and 4th Ave , HaHa Cant wait to see you Girls :) 
Im working at the hospital in the cold , < PROPFEMALE > city , its 4am ... and all I keep thinking is How I miss Lombok , Indonesia :( 
Change your profile pic with your favorite cartoon character from your \ 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same . The purpose is to not \ 
see a single human face on Facebook , but an invasion of childhood \ 
memories- supporting the cause to fight CHILD ABUSE ! 
?? Let It Snow , Let It Snow , Let It Snow ?? 
Im in a Hunt for a Apartment today ! My goal is to find a large studio , good location , roofdeck , next to the el ... would love some carpeting ( im so done mopping wood floors ) ... oh and not be ripped off by the property manager ... ahhh wish me luck :) 
Just registered for the Hustle Up The Hancock climb ! The Full Climb was sold out just the Half is left . Yep I only have to climb a measly 52 Flights of Stairs to the top ... hmm its a heck of a trek to reach the Signature Lounge for a Gin and Tonic :) 
Just Got done with my last shift for this week ... Now its time to pack and get ready for my road trip to Des Moines Tomorrow ! Cant wait to see my GVC nursing girls :) 
So Today Im going on the Polar Express ( metra ) to go to the North Pole ( Lake Villa ) to see < PROPFEMALE > ( a white-bearded man dressed up in a red suit ) with the Family ... yes I am aware that I am 25years old but should be fun ... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! Im headed to the < PROPMALE > Park Zoo with my Parents and Lil sis . Afterwards then its some good times with my Whole Family ! I hope everyone has a Perfect Christmas !! Be Safe ? 
I am so thankful for my Family and Friends , Christmas was the best this year ! As my exhaustion setting in I like to make my final wish : < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to All and To All a Goodnight ! 
Its Official ! I am now a Chicagoan ...... Again :) 
I finally got my long over due wisdom tooth pulled ... The novocaine has worn off , and im not feeling too hot right now :( 
The Packers Just won , If the Bears win tomorrow then I expect a War within the < PROPMALE > Household ! Only the Future can Tell ... :) 
Its Official WW3 has Just Begun ! D-Day is T-7Days :) 
Had my First Day in French 101 , and I made the worst mistake , I was 30minutes Late !!! Hopefully I can improve on that , All in All it was a great class . Time to buy some note cards :) 
Just got done with My first French Verbal Quiz , and A+ !! I really enjoy my French Instructor , shes fun but tough ! Now time to eat some sushi and get ready for work a extra shift at 11p . Hopefully the night shift will go fast ... Man , I cant wait till Friday :) 
I have worked over 55hours this week !!! TGIF !!! I am < PROPFEMALE > happy to be with my work friends :) You guys are amazing !! Had a such relaxing and fun night ! Thank You !!! 
Off to my Godson's Dedication Today !! Its < PROPFIRST>'s Day :) 
Though I have to work at Sinai Tuesday Night into Wednesday ... most likely will be snowed in at work for awhile . Buuuttt ... Im sort of excited for this record breaking Blizzard !!! If we're suppose to get 20+ inches of snow we better beat that 1967 record snowfall . So my Parents will finally stop talking/bragging about how they survived the worst Chicago Blizzard :) 
Getting ready for another night at work .... eek I was a bit traumitized from working yesterday for 20+ hours of mandatory overtime . Hopefully today is a better day ! :/ 
So Im a bit quirky , I go through these musical phases from different random artists where i play their songs all throughout a certain chapter of myself it could be a day , week , month where i cant get enough of a certain artist ... jack < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > yorn , dmb are always returning friends , but right now the winner is ... Iron and Wine , Cant stop listening to their sweet tunes ? 
\So come out of your cave walking on your hands/And see the world hanging upside down/You can understand dependence/When you know the maker's land/So make your siren's call/And sing all you want/I will not hear what you have to say/Cause I need freedom now/And I need to know how/To live my life as it's meant to be\ " ~ Mumford & Sons lyrics are the sh*t ~ " 
The Sun is Shining , The Snow is Melting ... Today is a Beautiful Day :) 
Making some Yummy Carrot Cake for work Tonight ! \ 
? Happy Valentines Day Everyone ? 
Life is short . Have fun , breathe deep , laugh plenty and drink good coffee ! Sweet Words from my Friend Miss < PROPFEMALE > A . 
So I was getting random groceries at < PROPFIRST > , and I saw this kids toy to blow bubbles . I bought it with my intention with playing with my 1yr niece the next time Im at my parents house . But instead im sitting in my studio , blowing bubbles for my own amusement . Yes I am a official Dork ! Sorry < PROPFEMALE > :) lol 
Yay its Oscars Night !!! Im hoping The Kings Speech takes it All , I love that Movie ! 
Had a Nice relaxing weekend back home in Wheeling , worked at crazy busy Hackneys with my mom and lil sis , for the rest of the weekend enjoyed being a lazy bum with the family . Back to the Grind tomorrow , ha God help me :) 
Pretty Much found the best Kids show on < PROPMALE > Jr. Yo Gabba Gabba is the Sh*t !!! My niece and nephew sucked me in with this show when I saw Weezer dressed up in bug costumes singing . Therefore I found myself jamming in front of the TV with the kids . Yes indeed Yo Gabba Gabba is the Sh*t , lol 
Somehow cant fall to sleep , on top of that Im not looking forward with working tomorrow . Ugh working Mondays are the worse , its the only day of the week I dread to work . Hopefully everything will run smoothly tmw , fingers crossed :/ 
To laugh often and much ; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children ... to leave the world a better place ... to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived . This is to have succeeded . \ 
~ Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Thoughts and Prayers Go Out to Japan 
Today Its Ally's Day , I cant believe she is 3 ! Headed to my Niece's Birthday Party !!! ? 
Woo Hoo a pleasant surprise today ! I was Low Census for 12hours , get to enjoy a Day Off from work ... hmmm I see a Starbucks and a Target trip in my future today . Yes I know I live a extravagant Lifestyle :) 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone !!! Getting ready to work my Last and Final St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day at Hackneys , a bit insane working a double , but should be fun . Time to Serve That Green Beer !!! 
Finished my double shift at hackneys , my hands are permanently green from all the green beers . crazy day , but it was a good one :) happy st. pattys day everyone ! 
Dear VCU , \ 
Can you please stop making 3pointers , its getting ridiculous . I need Georgetown to win for my Bracket . Ok Thanks Much\ 
Yours Truly , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Come On UCONN !!!! 
Who would've thunk a GIRL will be tied for first in March Madness Tournament !!! Thats ME !!! Bring on the Money < PROPMALE > A Huber :) 
START SIGNING OUT ... ( KERRIE ) ... LOL 
Its 11p , Just got called in by Sinai , will be working a hard 16hours and be able to get off in time for March Madness games to begin tmw . Extra Money plus get out at a decent time tmw , its a win win situation :) 
On my way to Meet up with < PROPFIRST > , Ry , and < PROPFIRST > at Club Foot :) 
Just one More Chart to document in the Chemo Clinic , and Why is it that I saved the thickest Most complicated Chart for Last ?! Ugh Im so Ready to Leave this Clinic Today :( 
Alright feeling much better now , I guess all I needed to do to turn my mood around was to grab a pint with a good friend . Feel So Good to Unwind :) 
In honor of Opening Day , put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Sox Fan . Being a Sox Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no cure but we can raise awareness . Symptoms may include : Constant drug abuse , unwarranted cockiness , a strong to < PROPFEMALE > to fornicate with various farm animals . 100% of Cubs fans will re-post this . Don't worry Sox fans can't read anyway 
Hopping on the Train to the Burbs , Working at Hackneys for a quick shift then its back to the city for some good times at Hawkeyes ! I have a feeling its going to be a good day :) 
Im loving the weather right now :) 
Bring On the Lightening , I love Spring Thunderstorms ? 
