is very frustrated ! School needs to catch up and accept the declaration of my < PROPMALE > so I can enroll in one more class !! 

misses home ... I don't want to be homesick !! 
I'm going to be an aunt ! And I'm getting a sister-in-law ! My brothers have been busy ! 
Frustrated because I can't get the rest of my Iraq photos to this computer ... I guess I should just burn them . I do have a rewritable . SO , more pics up soon . 
Ya ! My photos are up ! 
I now have a sister-in-law I have never met or spoken to ... 
Girls just wanna have fun ... I need some fun ... 
Should I change my profile pic ? 
is exhausted and there is no reason for it . I think it may have been too much sun ... 
has the most amazing friends . 
just waiting to come home to my little man .... 
is in Kuwait ! Back in the states soon , but still not home for a while . Hope there is no snow in New Jersey ! 
I saw my brother yesterday !! He came be my tent and woke me up . All his buddies said we look alike and that he looks like a girl . :-) So glad I got to see him ! At least a year before I see him again . :-( 
Is in Fort Dix , New Jersey ... 
To the 367th : Miss you guys already ! Be safe . 
Hurry up and wait ... It's the Army way . 
is home ! Phone is back on . Call at your own risk - I have < PROPMALE > this week . 
starts work on Monday , was accepted to SIUE and is getting things back in order . 
' s friends on facebook are cracking her up ... 
misses < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and her brother ... and all my other Soldiers fighting on the other side of the world . Stay safe guys ! 
has a blood clot in her leg ... Doc won't let her go back to work ... Need something to do ... 
can go back to work tomorrow !! 
2011 has started off great . I have a wonderful son , an amazing man , supportive friends and family , a good job and a nice house . Who could ask for anything more ? 
is registered for all of her classes !! Ya ! Hopefully will finish everything else Thursday when I go for the transfer student orientation . 
For those of you coming to the baby shower for < PROPFEMALE > , she is having a girl and they are registered at Target . If you know < PROPFEMALE > and I didn't send you an invite , let me know . 
< PROPFIRST > Allsup is fighting breast cancer and needs you to vote for her story . If she gets the most votes she will win $5000 . This will help her out so please give her your support . Also , if you know < PROPFIRST > or just want to help her out please copy and paste this to your wall . https://getaheadin2010.usbank.com/StoryGallery/Page/0/jami%20b 
Go to urbandictionary.com, and type in your first name in the search . Copy and paste this as your status , then put the first entry for your name under comments ... 
Girls !! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > party , my house , Feb . 20 , 6 p.m. Finger foods and some alcohol . Let me know if you're coming . 
Gotta love the redundancy of the Army . 
I have two tickets to Flogging < PROPFEMALE > for March 10 . I'm probably not going to be able to go . Does anyone want them at a cheap price ? 
wonders if she expects too much or not enough ... 
feels like she's always at school or work ... 
When I finish my papers , I can clean the house ... I need a maid ! 
I'm a * itch because I don't take people's crap ... I guess I'd rather that then to be walked all over ... 
Snow in May ? Only in Minnesota and of course it's forecasted during my visit ... 
< PROPFIRST > - you are NOT cooler than me . :-) 
About to start heading home . This vacation was sushi with < PROPFIRST > LeFlore , Iron Man , Guitar Hero and talking about everything and nothing with < PROPFIRST > Novak , and shopping and partying with < PROPFEMALE > Cassinos ! What a great vacation ! Thank you guys for showing me such a good time . You all should come visit me so I can return the favor . :-) 
I made it home . Safe and sound . What an awesome vacation ! I miss you guys already ! 
I finally met Lego Man ! 
I apologize to everyone who enjoyed the spam attacks . My password is now changed ... 
New phone number ! I'll let ppl know what it is soon ... 
If you didn't get my number , it means either you don't get text messages , I don't think you get text messages or I don't have your number so send me an email . :-) 
Offspring was awesome ! :-) 
AT&T I hate you ! 
So ... that job I was trying to get ... STILL NOT POSTED ! Grr ! Too much is unknown right now ! 
That job was posted . I applied so keep your fingers crossed ! 
I'm going to the desert , but it's only in Cali for three weeks . Preparing to hate life . Goodbye beautiful grass ... 
The desert sucks ! Counting down til I'm home in the ac ! 
Dear army , I am not your yo-yo . 
Looks like training starts in Oct and back to the sandbox in Dec . I think I'm going to miss ANOTHER Halloween . :-( 
Sushi tomorrow ! Bubble bath soon too :-) 
Looks like that job is going to happen ... Keep your fingers crossed !! 
Training starts in Nov . Back to the sandbox early next year ... So , I think I'm going to be here for Halloween !! 
I love my friends . I'm too drunk to drive home so they won't let me leave ! They are so awesome . 
How many douchebags can one girl find ? 
Who is going to take me to see Resident Evil before my trip to Atlanta ? 
I love the smell of Halloween , especially walking by the < PROPFEMALE > isle in the store :-) 
Thank you Army ! I love being your yo-yo . Especially when it works in my favor :-) Fingers crossed that it doesn't change again ! 
Should have made a list . In line at the airport and realized I didn't pack my Army t shirts ! Good thing I don't start class til Monday . Losing my mind ... 
Small world ! My instructor was on East's debate team when I was on West's so we vaguely remember each other and I knew the director of operations in Kuwait ! Very small world , very small Army ! 
Back to work tomorrow :-( 
If this weekend can get any worse , bring it on ! 
That job ... It's looking good again . Still not a yes , but a fill out more paperwork . Stay positive , fingers crossed 
They called , I was offered the job , I accepted . Now for the paperwork ... 
I just found out today that I am NOT deploying anytime soon . We got kicked off the list ! :-) 
Completely content right now . Wish I could always feel like I do right now . No worries , all hope . 
Life is good ... 
< PROPMALE > Horror Glee ?! Yes !! 
I start my new job on the 25th ! 
All photos I took last night are posted ! I did NOT tag anyone so if you wanna be tagged , do it yourself ! <3 
Made < PROPMALE > dinner and dessert tonight and he loved it all ! I rock ! :-) 
<3 Cuddle time is my favorite time . <3 
Does anyone have a shop vac I can borrow ? It will take me about five minutes to do what needs to be done and you can keep all the pennies I vacuum up . Lol . 
< PROPMALE > fixed my side view mirror today ! No more duct tape ! Ya !!! 
First day of work ! 
First day of work over , about to go to sleep and I feel like I've been working all week . Hurry up Wednesday so I can curl up on the couch with < PROPMALE > and forget my obligations , if only for a few hours ... 
So , I don't know why , but when I'm wearing heels at work and I walk down the hall , Pretty Woman starts playing in my head ... 
Supposed to go somewhere scary tonight ... Any suggestions ?? 
A mom's work is never done ... Finally going to bed ... 
How do I get a button that says I voted ?? 
FML ! 
Why is one half of the building like a sauna and the other half like an icebox ? Gotta love space heaters ... 
I miss him already ... I know this is only temporary , but it feels like it's already been forever . :-( 
Daylight savings time means I'm hungry for lunch at 1045 , rather than 1145 . I think I'm going to need munchies this week :-( 
I wish life would stop giving me lemons and start giving me strawberries . Chocolate covered would be best ... 
I want nap time ... 
Need I words we can find in magazines ... Ice cream is already found . :-( 
Off tomorrow and I got paid ... I think I need to pay Lush a visit tomorrow ... 
Trying to get rid of the old filing system and start my own , which involves about half as many manilla folders ... 
City museum with the greatest lil man on the planet ! 
< PROPMALE > out with him last night . Made me realize how much I miss being with him all the time . I'm so ready for him to come back to me ... 
< PROPMALE > is running a fever :-( I just touch him and feel like my skin is burning . Poor lil man . :-( 
Servicemembers serve 365 days a year , 24 hours a day . So why do companies and people only want to recognize , acknowledge and support them during November and December ? Sorry , had to get that off my chest . Many thanks to the companies and people that support all year round . 
Dear Army , \ 
My weight is perfect . I enjoy my curves and my food . Why must you insist I diet and exercise just for a measly 5 pounds ! 
Dad flea bombed the house today ! Hopefully now the kitties can be flea-free ! 
Going to go see Morning < PROPFEMALE > at 840 at the 15 . So , all my girlies come out and have a good laugh with me ! 
I want my head to explode cuz I think that will make it feel better ... 
At the er . Left side of face and neck swollen . Doc said to come in and get a ct scan done cuz he's afraid I might have an abscess in my throat . Fingers crossed . 
I'm being admitted . They're pretty sure I have an abscess and strep so they are putting me on antibiotics and admitting me for observation . Target friends : aren't you glad I called off this weekend ? 
Ent examined me last night . He said he can find no abscess and it looks like the doc just saw a pocket in my throat , so that's good news . Feel worse this morning than I did last night , but I'm hoping that's cuz I didn't sleep well . Gonna try to nap some more before they wake me again for more vitals or antibiotics or , my vote , breakfast . Visiting hours start at 11 . 
Bored , bored , bored ... Come visit me ! 
Man it feels good to be home ... To take out the trash , do the dishes , do a load of laundry ... Wait , why did I wanna get discharged ?? 
And today < PROPMALE > is headed to the doctor . What a week ! 
Two shots in the butt today . What a week ! 
Omg ! My office is a sauna . I should charge people to come sit with me ... 
Good luck to all the black Friday shoppers ! I'm going to work ... 
Happiness may be a state of mind , but how can I be unhappy when I have so much fun with him ? Just basking in the bliss right now . This moment is what life is all about ... 
Two weeks without either of my boys ... Sadness , keep me focused . 
Feel like my head is about to explode ... Army classes are spoon-fed and I don't think I'm stupid enough for them . 
The pork tastes like chicken ... 
Signal sucks here !! 
Really missing my boys today ... I just want to be wrapped in their hugs ... 
Feeling warm and fuzzy and super lonely :-( Hurry up Friday ! 
Graduated today , made commandant's list ( 98.8% ) . Now it's just hurry up and wait for the bus , then the plane . Almost home ! 
I finally got rid of the insomnia , but the snow followed me from Wisconsin and I still don't have < PROPMALE > to play in it with me ! 
My friend < PROPFEMALE > is having a mystery hostess partylite party ( candles ) on Wednesday . I can bring guests so if you're interested let me know so I can give you the time and place . Should be super fun ! :-) 
When I was a kid I wanted to run away from home , now I want to run away from work ... 
Gotta go to work :-( almost slid into a parked truck last night so I'm hoping the roads have gotten better ... 
Another amazing night with an amazing man . How did I get so lucky ? 
For those of you who don't know ... I put in my two week notice at Target last night . It's a sad occasion , but I want my weekends back ... 
Gardenland express with my boys , followed by dinner with my little man , then wii with lil man and @ < PROPFEMALE > Alvey = great day . Don't want there to be work tomorrow ... 
< PROPMALE > made white chicken chili for me to have for lunch . So excited to try it ! :-) 
Is it Friday yet ? I'd even be happy with 3:15 on Thursday cuz I'd be on my way home for my three day weekend ... 
If you don't have to drive in this -- don't! I just made it home from < PROPMALE>'s and the only reason I left was to take care of the animals ... Should be some awesome snowball fights tomorrow , tho ! 
Another four day work week ! And last day at Target is Friday ! Note to self : this Thursday do not lock keys in office when leaving ... 
Who is closing with me tomorrow night ? My last night at Target ... 
I have to rise above it . I will NOT be petty . I am better than that . Now I just have to remove the knife from my back and know better next time ... Wait , there won't be a next time ! 
Is Glee new tonight ? 
Today needs to end now . Feel like I'm getting nowhere . I've had to send up the same request three times in the past three weeks . And it's for travel next week and it's still not approved . Think I'm going anywhere ? 
Trying to figure out what to do with my hair for my brother's wedding at the end of the month ... 
As a local servicemember is buried today , my thoughts go out to the grieving family and their pain as the dumbest church on earth protests at the funeral of a SERVICEMEMBER WHO GAVE HIS LIFE protecting their freedom to protest AT HIS FUNERAL . Hate at its best . 
Guess the Google ... 
I learned three things today when I looked up WBC . \ 
1 . Inbreeding breeds hate\ 
2 . A common enemy creates unity among the most unlikely allies\ 
3 . I want to start my own cult . 
My computer should be delivered today ! Which means I can put all my music on my iPhone . So excited !! 
Today my little man is 6 !!! 
Death by PowerPoint . 
