UFC fights tonight !! Getting ppv at the place give a ring if you wanna come over !! 

you can't erase , separate cigarette in hand , hope you all understand I won't be the last in line I finally figured out whats mine 
AHH . f*ck it lets have a good time . All you can ask for . 
Going to bed gotta work at 3am .. 
I think i am loving this .. not a person to check into ! 
Miss me baby . Hear our fav . song miss me baby . and when you start to sing along think of the night we danced all night long . 
party maker no idea !! whoo hoo !! 
put a boot in your face and not care .. you know who you are .. and iif you dont know you have alot of growing up to do . 
Getting my PBR on tonight if anyoen wants to join give me a call ! 
Beer everyday anyday ! Drunkered . HAHA say what you want i know what i am . 
Just finished dishes and now time for a beer 
Opened a beer ready for some fun ! 
3 long days without drinking but tonight was a good night .. love the vodka !! haha everyone have a good night cuz i am ! 
Just finished my workout and feel great !! 
wish you f*ckers could keep up with me haha .... old school ftw ... haha .. maybe one day . working at 6 . will make it dont worry 
Rope em ' .. < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > .. Rope em ' 
Thirsty Thursday !! Give a call if you wanna join 
Wish i wasnt drinking the < PROPFIRST > .. little week for me haha good thing i got the taquila too !! haha eveyone have a good night !! 
So bored tonight ... Oh wellz Bday tomorrow !!! Get a drink on !! 
No more bdays anytime soon i hope .. not sure i can last through another !! Head still hurts ... 
WOW last night was great .. Actually took time for myself and was sleeping by 9 haha .. now playing with < PROPMALE > rest of day .. 
Bored ... Any thoughts ?? 
Transformers 2 tonight and early to bed ... 
Finally back from Montana ... 
UFC .. 2 cases of beer .. sounds like a good time to me !!! 
UFC starting !!! if you want to come on over ! 
I hate being sick ... 
It's not a party till someone pisses on a chair ... 
headed out for the night .. Everyone have some fun !! 
damn ... everyone pussed out on me tonight ... must be the overnights i have been putting in .. not even tired .. < PROPFIRST > n Coke ftw !! 
working the over nights messed my days and nights up ... cant sleep .. oh wellzz all nighter and take a nap today should be good to go 
I am not sleeping . My calm tranquility has left me . My restless spirit has awaken me Taking me on a journey around the world . I am not sleeping . Something is keeping my mind at attention allowing me no time to disconnect . 
Lazy boring night . Hope things pick up for the weekend ! 
ok need to stop piercing .. maybe .. haha might get another one tomorrow night ... only the beer will tell !! 
Was thinkin .. after last night .. take it easy and just watch a couple of movies .. anyone game ?? 
Well so much for being home for turkey day ... out in Montana till prolli thur . night .. workin long hours to try to get home .. Not looking promising ... 
wow you miss a lot not being on fb in 2 days !! 
If there's somethin ' goin ' on within a hundred < PROPMALE > from home , Ya gonna hear my V-8 sing Long as I can beat the train and they got a passing < PROPFIRST > , Baby , I ain't gonna miss a thing Life's too fun and I'm too young and the night ain't over yet Like I said I can sleep when I'm dead 
Assassins Creed 2 today .... Ninja Assassins tonight .. and then going to assassin some beers tonight !! NINJA !! 
Something about this snow that just gets my blood flowing !! 
up late .. have to work overnights tomorrow .. gunna be awesome .. 20 below here i come !!! 
wow up for almost 46 hours ... worked about 38 of them .. going back out in T-minus 6 hours .. Getting some sleep now !!! Maybe ;) 
Dont even want to think about work .. anyone up for a beer ??!! 
Going to go lay down .. watch a movie and get some sleep !! * Hating the cold right about now * 
Lookin for something to do tonight .. Cant be out to late tho .. have to work at 4am . Cant wait for the cold again ! 
Found something to do for a little bit .. playing with the little man !! 
And time for a day off !!! But just 1 .. Lucky !! 
Lunch time .. today is moving by pritty fast actually .. all exited for tonight , thought the day would drag on forever .. just keepin busy and waiting .. 
Video games .. beer .. and a good friend home fore awhile what else you need ?? 
Now and then regrets may find me , but these marks are here to remind me of where i went wrong , what made me strong , and how i’ve moved on . 
Movie and bed time .. gnight everyone ! 
I have Chocolate milk and its all MINE !! mmmmm chocolate milk . 
Wonderful .. extreamly sick right b4 holidays .. 
Whoot tat just got done ! 
Sad day ... < PROPMALE > went back over seas .. 
First day of the workouts .. feelin good ran 2 < PROPMALE > and some change .. good time 
Is it wrong to feed a pig ... Bacon . 
OUCH ... Ran 4 < PROPMALE > today ... really impressed with myself .. and tomorrow .. MORE RUNNING !!! 
gnite alll .. having a blast !!!! fml work 2days days off in weeks wtf am i doing !!!! lcve work i guess tomorrow night a differetnt story .. all me baby !!!! love you job !!! only thing i guess i can say ! 
have a hawk from tonight .. love it .. haha fun times .. 
OMG !! tator tots .. and little smokes FTW !! 
Glad to be home again .. but only for a visit .. Work calls . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
Shower ... Movie .. Bed ! 
Warmth .... I hope i can feel my feet when i wake up . 
I miss all the fun :( .. next weekend will be better i guess . 
Day off is nice .. 
Oh i wish i could sleep ... or maybe just find someone who would stay up with me . 
Killin you in beer pong like i have a hit list !! 
yea me ! blood work today ... x rays tomorrow .. wonder whats wrong with me cuz they dont ... 
Movie night .. let me know if your comin over 
thinks his little sister < PROPFEMALE > Large . Is the SHIIIIIITTTTTT and the best girl in BEER PONG 
Should have got the pork 
Its like subway .. but in a pita . 
If everything seems to be going well , you have obviously overlooked something . 
DD tonight .. and this time not drunk driver !! fun being sober around all the drunkers .. night all 
Finally home .. well atleast for 1 day .. :( 
sleep time wake me if you need me .. night !! 
sleepy .. sleepy .. 
BBQ n Bonefire !! Tons of refreshments .. Call if your in ! 
lil fire tonight .. hot dogs .. smores .. and a lil music sounds good tonight 
whoot whoot !! twins game today .. sorry < PROPMALE > no twins for you ! 
texas bound tomorrow gunna be fun 
We never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public . 
In honor of the Twins Opening Day Friday , put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being an east coast fan . Being an east coast fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for this and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of Twins fans will repost this , simply because we know how to copy and paste , as well as tie our shoes and win . 
