Yaaaaaaaahhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!! Grissom Beat Huntsville Tonight 17-7 . the first time in many years . We just needed the boys of 2010 to rise to the top ! Congrats . It is a sign of a great year to come . 

Anyone going to be watching the True Blood finally tonight ?? It's gonna be good ....... Put the kids to bed early and enjoy . 
What a miserable week . Friends laid off at work . A death in the family . A HUGE personal disappointment . Is it just Wednesday ? It never fails to amaze me how things can turn on a dime . 
Thanks to everyone except my sorry sisters who didn't tell me happy birthday ! And no thanks to all of you who went to see New < PROPFEMALE > without me on my birthday . lol 
OK Tide Roll All Over their Ass . 
I am doing this because < PROPFIRST > suggested it : Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
OK I am so excited I don't know how I am supposed to get thru the next 3 days . You can't imagine how much fun life is when you stop making excuses and just do all those things you have always wanted to do . 
Breakfast = Sudefed and Green tea . used to be Easter meant early sunrise and men at church cooking pancake breakfast . 
Hey Everyone Rainbow is having a reunion skate on memorial weekend . That would be awesome if people go . My smart-ass son says he gonna go watch us break our hips . Jerk !! He's just jealous he can't truck like we can . Who's gonna go ? 
Ok today is my son's birthday . 49 \Happy Birthday's\ " on his wall and 42 are girls . I think I am seeing a pattern . : ) " 
LOST is over . I am sorry for any second I have ever spent thinking \what if the ending is stupid\ " . So little faith ! What a cool thing to have been around to witness as it happened . I am so thankful for 6 years of wonder and mystery and awe . The fact that it was thought up and created and played out the way it did was just as remarkable as if everything that happened on the show were suddenly real . Beautiful ! " 
My son is graduating today . What a charmed , blessed life I lead !!! Congratulations < PROPFIRST > and the whole Grissom class of 2010 . I am so proud . 
It's my life and it's sure fun . Another season of my life's done . Another race I'm glad I got to run . Another chapter of my life I'm writing . No , I am never gonna feel like this again . Time's rushing by me like the wind . Gotta grab each moment that I can . Cause I'm never gonna feel like this again . 
I had such a good time last night . Good friends , good food and great conversation . 
Made it to Ohio . It was farther than I thought , but the trip was good . Now what ??? 
Ever done something so colosally stupid that you stood in the kitchen and cussed yourself out ? Someone should put orange cones up around me . 
I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was 12 . Jesus , does anyone ? -- Narrator , Stand By Me 
You know I am so thankful that God that creates both < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and the guy in the previous video . What an interesting world we live in if we just allow ourselves to be engaged in it and appreciate the uniqueness of each person . 
Faith is saying , \I embrace in advance what I am presently incapable of understanding . \ " It is a \ " leap of faith\ " because the decision to consent to any notion of divinity is a mghty jump from the rational to the unknowable . -- Liz < PROPMALE >." 
Seattle tomorrow !!!!!!!!!! The < PROPFEMALE > City and I have my plans for < PROPFEMALE > . 4 out of 5 ain't bad . OK , world , let me see how I am going snowskiing . 
Today the high here was 74 deg . I went to the Experience Music Project and in case anyone has forgotten , Jimi Hendrix was a god !!! And tomorrow a wildlife perserve and < PROPMALE > Cobain's house . 
As < PROPMALE > & I stood in a place called Paradise on a snow capped mountain in July and watched a huge waterfall rush down Mt . Rainier , we were talking about all the places we have been and the experiences we have had and how NOONE has a better life than us . I am blessed and I NEVER take it for granted . 
Tabla Rasa ...... 
Today I saw a 350lb man on a < PROPFEMALE > riding lawn mower holding a kid's pink and orange flowered umbrella over his head . Mister wherever you are thank you for making me smile today . 
I know everybody may think their kid is the best ..... but you are all wrong ! I really love this nut sitting on the couch next to me acting so silly and singing \welcome to the good life\ " . Then he stopped and said \ " this is our song isn't it ? \ " : ) " 
I turned in my notice at work yesterday ! I got a great new job that will make my life so much easier . I do not believe it is a coincidence that I will start it on the same day < PROPMALE > starts college ! If my life gets any better there is gonna have to be two of me . lol 
If I did it more often , it wouldn't be so hard when I finally did it . ------ That applies to so many things you might think I would stop procrastinating ...... but it is so easy to be lazy ! 
True Blood ! Hehehe 
Happiness is the consequence of personal effort . You fight for it , strive for it , insist upon it . You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings . And once you have achieved a state of happiness , you must never become lax about maintaining it . You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever , to stay afloat on top of it . 
I know I have just started a new job but would anybody think I was crazy if I quit my job , moved to California and joined a motorcycle gang ? 
I know I just started a new job but would anybody think I was crazy if I quit my job , moved to California , and joined a motorcycle gang ? I love Sons of Anarchy ! 
Time is a lot of the things people say that God is . No beginning , no end . And time is , of course , all-healing . Give anything enough time , and everything is taken care of : all pain encompassed , all hardship erased , all loss subsumed . Remember , man , that thou < PROPMALE > dust ; and unto dust thou shalt return . \ 
\ 
And if time is anything akin to God , then I suppose that memory must be the devil . - < PROPFEMALE > Gabaldon 
I am so thankful that the miner's got out safely . Just to know all the factors that went into saving them , all the planning and work from the rescuers , all the quick thinking and determination of the miners . I love a happy ending . 
< PROPFIRST > Thorn wrote : i just saw 2 pretty girls in hot pants hitchhiking on the side of the road awhile ago and they both climbed into a semi with an over weight trucker . i think they were missionaries using their bodies as a springboard to witness to people about the risen savior . its good to see young people out there doing the lords work . 
I just made myself some taco salad but something was missing . Then I realized it was a big baby sitting at the counter waiting for me dish him up a bowl . Somehow it doesn't taste half as good . 
I have a new favorite song . How beatuiful !!! Take a few minutes and listen to it . 
Damn ! Sometimes there really isn't anything else to say . Damn ! 
I have had the best day ! After an easy day at work I met < PROPFIRST > in Decatur and we went to see < PROPFIRST > Thorn . We had a blast . I hadn't seen PT in a couple of years and he did some stuff I had never seen before and some old favorites . 
What would it be like to live your life like a work of < PROPMALE > ? A masterpiece that is unfolding in every moment ? I can shape it and shade it and mold it into what I think would be my absolute ideal . - < PROPMALE > Dyer 
Roll Tide ! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! I have had a great day . I think I will update my profile and change my birthday to Dec . 20 so I can do it again in a month . : ) 
You can't stop the waves but you can learn to surf !!!! 
Sweet Tea Vodka - I am very optimistic about this one . 
This is the one I was really looking for earlier . I thought this was a good for the Holidays ! But this isn't me cause I like all my family and friends . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuQQuj9r5xs 
has had the best Thanksgiving and weekend !! :-D 
Don't want 2b an actor pretending on a stage . Don't want 2b a writer / my thoughts out on the < PROPFEMALE > . Don't want 2b a painter cause everyone comes to look . Don't want 2b anything where my life's an open book . I dream it's true . But I see it thru . If I could be wasting my time with you . Come waste your time with me . 
Your task is not to seek for love , but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it . Jalal ad-Din Rumi 
Out beyond the ideas of rightdoing and wrongdoing , there is a field . I will meet you there . Jalal ad-Din Rumi 
Observe the wonders as they move around you . Don't claim them . Feel the artistry moving through and be silent . Jalal ad-Din Rumi 
To accomplish great things , we must not only act , but also dream ; not only plan , but also believe . 
Stole this one from my neice : God made this old world round\ 
And maybe it's that way\ 
So that paths that we go down\ 
Yeah , will cross again someday\ 
And someday I'll see you when I see you 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone . I know I should send out Christmas cards and tell each of you individually . I don't know where the times goes . But I do think of each of you often ( especially cause I see you on here ! haha ) and my life is better because ya'll are in it ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > is good to you this year . 
I tell you , deep inside you is a fountain of bliss , a fountain of joy . Deep inside your center core is truth , light , love , there is no guilt there , there is no fear there . Psychologists have never looked deep enough . \ - Sri Sri Ravi Shankar " 
What if what you are worried about right now is just an illusion ...? 
I REALLY like this one -- Doubt is a virus that attacks our self-esteem , productivity and confidence . Faith that you and your life is perfectly unfolding is the strongest vaccine . - < PROPFIRST > Stephenson 
Love is friendship that has caught fire . It is quiet understanding , mutual confidence , sharing and forgiving . It is loyalty through good and bad times . It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses . - < PROPFEMALE > Landers 
I accept life unconditionally . Most people ask for happiness on condition . Happiness can only be felt if you don't set any condition . - Artur Rubinstein 
I've been thinking of a little place down by the lake\ 
It's gotta a dirty old road leading up to the house , I wonder how long it will take\ 
' Til we're alone , sittin ' on the front porch of that home\ 
Stomping our feet on the wooden boards\ 
Never gotta worry about locking the door . 
No matter how slow you go , you're still lapping everyone on the couch . - At YMCA 
I am watcing The Price is Right . They are giving away a Smartcar Convertible . LOL Isn't that called a bicycle ? And what is up with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s hair ? Well at least I am putting my day off to good use . 
Isn't it great to know this is true ? : Life is supposed to be good for you . You live , whether you know it or not , you live as the full recipients of a “hurricane of grace” that is flowing toward you at all times in answer to all that you have been asking for . Not one of you has been separated out as one who should not be the receiver of it . All of you are in the full flow of this hurricane of well-being . 
kidnapping is such a strong word . i prefer to think of it as \surprise adoption\ " :) " 
I may never know the meaning of life , but once my child was born I felt my life had meaning . - < PROPMALE > Maddern 
Comment by a friend of a friend : \The only thing McDonalds is good for is their bathroom when you're traveling .... \ " hehehe I soooooooo agree . " 
Unity in a society does not come from conformity . Unity can only come from granting equality & validity to the infinite diversity of all the individuals . The universe is infinitely diverse . Every being has their own way of exploring the idea of infinite creation , and all these ways are equally valid . When a society encourages the unique expression of each individual , that is when the society is most unified . 
There is absolutely nothing with the creation of the universe that insists that the story containing the conflict is any more real than one that does not . It is ur choice , your habits , to believe that pain is more real than joy that you cannot have anything in your lives that is worthwhile unless you have suffered , unless you have earned it . But do recognize that you do not have to earn it ; you already own it ! 
Hehehe I hear something in front of my house ... wonder what it could be ? : ) 
Live without pretending . Love without depending . Listen without defending . Speak without offending . - Drake 
30 Day Music Challenge - Day 12 A Song by a Band I hate : I am not gonna post it cause I hate it and I don't know what it's called , but the song by Lady Gaga that says \ga ga ga ga ga\ " that is all I know cause that is how long it takes me to change the channel . " 
Eating shrimp from Taco Bell ... what could possibly go wrong with that ??? 
I yelled at a baseball bat in my car because I can . 
