sitting around naked with two guys and two smokin hotties at somebody elses house . and one of the chicks is cooking . mans dream come true 

hey this is 1 of the nude chcks lol .. i made the scrambled eggs which would b better if we has pepper .. just sayin lol 
sitting around naked with two guys and a couple of smokin hotties and just had a cop scare cuz all the windows are uncovered :O 
I thought I was cool , too bad I'm just a fool :P 
doesn't have anything to say but wanted to update his status !! 
Hey everyone who reads this should become a fan of me and < PROPFIRST > frisk !! We just mad a new < PROPFEMALE > under < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , if you search that and then modify your search to < PROPFEMALE > s you'll see a pic in negative . 
Damn facebook glitches 
hangin with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > and soon < PROPMALE > listening to some soft , sensitive , emotional acoustic indie artists ... or maybe heavy shit 
college is coming but packing and trying to figure out finacial aid is distracting me from being excited 
Birthday/Graduation/Going-Away Party/Fire tonite at < PROPMALE > loadahls !!! Call ( 608 ) 633-4985 for directions !! 
I love college ! 
Everyone check out < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Update !! Also available as a note on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s homepage for those of you who don't read updates 
4 hours of saxophone a day is gonna kill me ... 
Overhearing this girl I thought was a bitch from down the hall fighting with her boyfriend makes me realize I was judging without knowing . Laaaaaame 
played a shock game with my ra and got zapped with some electricity ... nice 
dilly-dally shilly-shally all sounds like the same word when you say it in a different language 
Yeah , so this paper is gonna have to be late ... not a good start to History this semester , but in my defense , no one told me ' Global History ' actually meant ' Global History , This Semester Themed : Childhood ' I mean , how gay is that ? 
Going to bed ... marching in the morning 
is blowing pretty hard on sumthing n my mouth .... hmm the sound of sex it makes 
fuck my roommate , fucking with my status on facebook when I leave myself logged on on accident ... brw , facebook is really hard to log in to drunk 
Test today , time to cram 
was practicing my blowing skills so next time , i dnt get yelled at ... my mouth is always so tired from suckin it all the time ... 
i hate my roommate 
haha , i suck at poker 
is sucking another < PROPFEMALE>'s cock . I love when his fiery red crotch is in my face as I'm choking down his gravy . 
shouldn't leave my facebook logged on when I leave ... 
Changed my pic for sock assassains ... ain't no one stalking me up for the win 
Just woke up 
can't remember last night or why his anus hurts so much .. 
spent waaaay too much time on poker but finally won a tournament 
Pregamin ' ... shot shot , shotshotshot ... 
is on his 3rd time tuggin the turkey 2day !! gonna make it 6 times by the end of the day 
It's Heroes Time !!! 
facebook glitches ... ugh 
I waste my entire day on a stupid video game and my friend steals the kill at the very end ... 
La Crosse cops have gained statewide ( and some say national ) notice by creating fake college-aged facebook pages and adding students as friends . They've already written out 5 underage tickets 
I wish someone hadn't stolen my gloves , the snow looks awesome 
Gettin ready for my first final , recital in an hour and a half 
How come all of my friends are putting pokemon pics as their profile ? I'mma have to join in , I guess , cuz I'm a complete follower 
New iron man trailer pretty good , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is making a sequel to his parkour movie ?! WTF ?! How did I not know that ?! 
Perfect . This is EXACTLY where I wanted to happen . I'm so glad . FUCK ! 
Oddly surprised that there aren't more people on at 2:30 in the morning on a weeknight 
New friends every day ! I fucking love Lax !!! 
Craving ska really bad this morning ... is there such thing as ska withdrawal symptoms ? Cuz I have them 
Me and Mr. < PROPMALE > on the ride home ... we had a , hear t-t o-heart about life . But neither him nor me could decide for ourselves if we wanted to outlive that night ... 
Waste way too much of my life on Facebook Applications 
i love men soooo much 
Lost my phone charger somewhere in Lax , won't be able to text for a while 
Gonna work for Cade's dad for a couple hours , ugh wish I was still sleeping 
I FOUND MONEY NOW I NEED TO PUT IT ON MY PHONE !!!! I felt that yelling was best to convey my excitement on the matter 
I wanna go DO something !!! Someone get ahold of me ... 
Facebook finally got around to changing me over to the new format ... I was hoping they'd forget about me ... 
Check out my < PROPFEMALE > organization's new Myspace !! www.myspace.com/themakeahappyfoundation 
I have all these plans of stuff that needs to get done ... then I get on facebook 
Best . Dream . Ever !! 
Surfing facebook while < PROPFIRST>'s mom , nephew , and neice all take naps and < PROPFIRST>'s at work ... i'm a real winner 
Guess I haven't been on in a while ... lotta stuff built up 
I just spent a half-hour scrolling through someone's profile looking to see when they became single , got disgusted with myself , and quit . Wasted half-hour 
A picture's worth a thousand world , and I have 100 pictures now ( mostly tagged ) . That means I'm worth 100,000 on the current market . Suck it ! 
Good news at last ! 
HITTING THE LIKE BUTTON FOR EVERYTHING I SEE ON FACEBOOOOOKKK HAHAHA 
Aaahh I need a new sleep schedule this one is just not working out . I just woke up 
Listening to the whole scrubs soundtrack online and lovin it ! Yeah you can go ahead and call me gay if you want ... 
Interesting hour-long debate on how people with similar moral beliefs would rather conform with other beliefs they might not have just to be part of a larger group than find their own way alone ... didn't reach an agreement , agreed to disagree . Best kind of debate in my opinion . Holy crap long status , sorry 
Can I can it just keeping up instead of Facebook-stalking if I'm only doing it to my cousins ? 
How does she know that you really , really , truly love her ? Gah , can't get that song out of my head ! 
Guess who has two thumbs and has to walk to work in the rain ? This guy ! 
If home is where the heart is then my home is where you are 
Also , fuck ! 
I heard there was a secret chord that < PROPFIRST > played to please the Lord , but you don't really care for music , do you ...? 
Kept going back to sleep because I was having awesome dreams and it's 1:30 before I actually wake up 
I smoked until I threw up but I still lit ' em up for thirty more years , like a machine ... 
Come with me , and you'll be ... in a woorld of complete imagination ... 
At times , the agents of euphoria , now the scourge of humanity ... 
It's always entertaining the next morning , but I think I'd be happier if I just stopped facebooking while inebriated 
Aaaarghmmaflkfdiljk 
Catch a biber by the toe , if he hollers ... kill him LMAO I LOVE MY COUSINS 
Uploaded pictures , but two of them are only showing up in my news feed instead of my pictures ... fuck 
maybe the best we can do is sit and watch it all come unglued , no one really knows why we're here anyway 
I wish I was gay . ChatRoulette would be so much more fun 
I love random arguments on group wall posts . Especially when they last for an hour and you team up with the only other intelligent person on the board 
MARVELPICTUREWEEK !!! 
Vaccuuming a flooded basement = awesome . Not :/ 
My mind is on iPod shuffle right now !!! 
Someone shouted \Everything's for nothing\ " \ 
You can't reclaim memories , they're already gone 
I'm sick of hearing about your problems I've got quite enough of my own thank you 
Rumors rumors things make me so sad sometimes 
Why aren't more people awake between 1 and 5 in the morning ...? 
Taaalk to me please I'm bored 
staying up late talking to friends , old and new . Priceless 
Everyone should check out the < PROPMALE > Boland & < PROPFIRST > Frisk fan < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Homeless shelter tomorrow ... nervous but no other choice :/ bye sparta , can't say it was that great but I'll miss you 
When I grow up , I wanna go to college !!! 
Fuck ! 
Facebookho is way more fun on an iPad tan a computer ! :) 
You know you're a band geek when you're listening to a 10-minute saxaphone solo and find yourself analyzing chord structure and recognizing fragments from other famous solos ... 
Anyone want to proofread my appeal to the < PROPFIRST>'s office ? 
I got accepted ... to reapply . Good news but still more time before I'll know 
Why would a college accept every credit/debit card type except Visa ? So much for paying shit online ! 
I'm fed up with people who use anything as an excuse to argue about god ... from either side . 
38 girls and 13 guys wished me a happy birthday on facebook ... does that make me a manwhore ? Or just awesome ? 
Hungover as FUCK . But that's what happens when you drink with < PROPFIRST > Moore 
Slept in late so I called in sick to work ... now I'm sick . Accidental truth ftw ? 
I would like you all to know I am surfing Facebook on my own computer with stolen internets !! :) 
I set my phone on top of the car and drove away ... lost all my < PROPFIRST > and need to buy a new phone :( 
That which explains everything explains nothing 
Just wrote a song with < PROPFIRST > Moore and it's epic !! FIAC ftw !!!! 
Planning a vision quest with < PROPMALE > Korte :) 
I got my driver's liscense !!! Also , who skypes ? Cuz I have one now and I want to add you all !!! 
Sooo glad < PROPFEMALE > Gomez didn't take any pictures of us at Freakfest , it's not like it was awesome and she had a camera and promised to take pictures or anything ... 
NANOWRIMO 
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy reminds me not to forget my towel 
Broke as a bad joke until Friday , but startin my new job tomorrow !! 
Got good news back from the college :) Now just gotta get my student loans back ! 
Facebook makes me sad today 
I'm friends with some fucking weird people :) 
I want to be in a band and play some shows again 
I want to sleep for the rest of my life and dream instead of live 
Deleted my Twitter and I feel like more of a man 
I remember when all MY status updates were retarded teen drama . Then my mom got a job 
Left my phone somewhere at work or in a car or on a bus ... 
I spent all morning on YouTube and I've concluded that I REALLY want to be in a flash mob !! 
Streetlight Manifesto . February 17th . Milwaukee . Just sayin ... 
I either need to stop caring or stop doing shit I regret , all this < PROPFIRST > Kerrying isn't working out for me 
Is it cooler to be cool or to have been cool before being cool was cool ? 
Happy Thanksgiving and shit 
feb18thstreetlightmanifestominneapoliswearegoinganditsgonnabecrazyitsthe18thinminneapolisandweareallgonnabefuckingAWESOMEwhythefuckisn'titthe18thoffebruaryrightthefucknow ? 
Let's play a game ; how many brain cells did I kill last night ? 
Oh momma I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law , hangman is comin down from the gallows and I don't have very long ... 
At times like this , music is all that makes sense anymore 
Nothing will ever be what it was , because everything is always changing into what it will be . 
When I play poker I feel most american : if I win a big pot on one hand suddenly all I want is for the < PROPMALE > to get < PROPMALE > er and the poor to get poorer 
What if at the end of year five the gang crashed a party at Draco's place and < PROPMALE > and Hermione ( drunk out of their minds ) hooked up , and Hermione wound up preggers ? < PROPMALE > would need to quit fighting Voldy to get a job to raise his family , and < PROPMALE > would become the hero . Wouldn't more realism make the < PROPMALE > Potter series AWESOME ? 
If there was just one attractive girl in this building who smoked I would be very happy 
What's going on with the < PROPFIRST > in your status thing ? 
Drinking with my cousins :)))) 
oh oh oh , im fallin in love , til the sun comes u , til the sun comes up 
is coming out !!!!!!!! YES , im gay 
I've helped push so many cars out of the same exact spots today it's ridiculous 
I feel like the apocalypse has begun ! 
My entertainment for the day has been and will continue to be watching the parking lot from my window :) 
Whenever I go outside I can't stop smiling :) 
I have < PROPMALE > on demand at my apartment !! 
I'm going to post drama from my personal life as a publicly viewed status so I can get more attention ! Comment that you feel bad for me so I can feel more fulfilled about my shitty life ! 
Dear Roommate , \ 
I know you thought you were being sneaky running into the bathroom after your girlfriend , \ 
but I can hear your showersex 
To continue with my recent barrage of status updates I leave you with this before I go to bed : \Eschew the monumental . Shun the epic . All those who create great big pictures could create more incredible small ones . \ " -- < PROPMALE > Hemingway " 
The walls between our rooms are not that thick\ 
For christ's sake , at least turn on some music or the tv ! \ 
Love , < PROPMALE > 
Just got my first tattoo :) 
Just met my roommate on his way out for the next three weeks , and ' m pretty sure my other roommate's gone for at least the christmas weekend ... party ? 
Obscure refrence no one will get : I am Govinda when I should be striving to be Siddhartha 
christmas is overrated . Bah , humbug ! 
Checking account closed due to ' continuous overdraft position . ' Oops , check one more hit to my nonexistant credit score 
First band practice at the new apartment with < PROPFIRST > Moore :) 
I went into the bathroom tonight without turning on the light and put my hand in your piss when I went to lift the lid . It's bad enough that your mother never taught you how to flush when you were potty-trained , but pissing ALL OVER the seat ? It not that hard to lift the damn seat ! Come on , I thought you had to be at least 18 to sign a lease ... \ 
It's the little things that make my night :) 
I once again have internet :) 
Owning an apartment has taught me the value of industrial-strength poisons 
When I am , death is not . When death is , I am not . So why fear what I cannot be ? 
It had been too long since I'd heard your sex , I should've known my luck would run out soon . \ 
And I know the sex is keeping YOUR room warm but realize I am alone and waking with numb toes is really starting to piss me off/\ 
I turn the heat on for a reason\ 
Why is fucking everybody watching Jersey Shore ! You DO realize that show kills more brain cells than heavy drinking , right ? 
Being sick sucks . On the plus side , Skrillex is my new obsession ... 
My conscience says one thing and my penis says another ... if only those fuckers could learn to agree !! 
Why hello party at my house , where did you come from ? 
Does anyone who has a buzzer want to come cut my hair ? 
If you think you're free , escape is impossible 
Can I truthfully state everything I say is a lie ? 
If I kill time will I be immortal ? 
I know everyone here acts like they're in high school ... but seriously , did someone just pull the fire alarm ? 
It sucks when happy movies make me sad 
I've edited my about me section . This makes me feel unneccessarily proud of myself 
I speak truth always , except when it's more convenient to lie 
I shaved my head . In the winter . What the FUCK was I thinking ? 
Can't decide if I want to buy stocks or play online poker . Both make it easy to gamble away your money quickly 
Fellatio was < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s concrete 
SON OF A BITCH WHY IS HIS HEAD OVER THERE ? IT BELONGS ON HIS NECK !! Someone should tell < PROPFIRST > Schmidt football is brutal ... 
Believe those who are seeking truth . Doubt those who find it . 
Cooking for the first-ever Friendship Potluck at < PROPFIRST > Moore ' s 
Lesson of the night : Quit while you're ahead . Shit ALWAYS gets fucked up 
SLC Punk ! = Amazing !! 
Soooo i guess I'm a < PROPFIRST > now ? I mean don't get me wrong , its way more manly than being a Virgo .... the question is , am I manly enough to be a < PROPFIRST > ? 
Animal rights activists are so filled with hate for people claiming to be acting on love ! 
I love how facebook warns me when I go to poke someone that they ' will be informed on their homepage ' as if that's not the point 
I bought a fingernail-clipper because I coudln't find one in the apartment ... so now I KNOW there's one here somewhere and I STILL can't find it !! 
I would play you guys in that game any day ... but I'd need to be drinking punch . Or absinthe < PROPMALE > Keitel 
I suck at this whole quitting smoking thing 
Dancer , dancer ! Keep your feet in time and inside the lines ! 
I really want to excrete my fluids into you right 
Spent a few hours on the escalation line ... I may sound like a nerd , but work was fun today ! 
Dramadramadrama work is like high school 
\NIRVANA SUCKS\ " ---- < PROPFEMALE > Nowaczyk " 
Every time my roommate goes out drinking he has some sort of incredible story to share the next morning 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love , and be loved in return 
Really < PROPFIRST > Beck ? I know more than you about the riots in Egypt right now .... that's pathetic . 
I just want a punk girl right now . If she's hot , that's a definite plus 
Glad I came home in time to hear your girlfriend finish . \ 
It was hot 
Did you know : tomorrow is my day off ? You should be as excited as I am . 
Sometimes we have to lose who we were to find who we are . 
Just ordered my tickets for Ship of Fools !!! 
\I'm going to go embrace my inner bro and work on my physique ... I'll bring my slampiece around later tonight so you can objectify her\ " -- < PROPFIRST > Krell " 
You're a locust ! An empty , poisonous smile ... 
The word of the day is imbroglio : a complicated , confusing state of things 
Today's word of the day is risible : capable of or disposed to laugh , amusing , relating to or used in laughter ( risible muscles ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Gomez is the best person in the whole wide WOOOOORLD !!!!! 
\Why the hell is this the cover picture for a spanish dictionary ? \ " -- Me \ " Of course ! It's a GATO !! \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Adams " 
And I'll drink myself to death or at least , I'll drink myself to sleep 
We're losing so many jobs because other countries have better education so they're smarter and more qualified than regular americans , yet every time the government is given a choice they cut funding from schools 
Today's word of the day is Inveigle : to obtain , persuade , or entice by flattery or ingenuity 
Did you know : \RAWR\ " means \ " I love you with both of my hearts\ " in dinosaur ? " 
I miss college 
I LOVE STREETLIGHT MANI 
Drunk guitar :) :) :) 
While straightening the living room I picked up a box of oreos and a book , putting the book in the cupboard and the oreos on my bookshelf ... Upon realizing my mistake I went and traded the oreos for a bag of chips 
You and I wake up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? 
Went out for a walk and coffee with a girl tonight , made me feel ridiculously mature :) 
Everybody's druuuunk ! 
You've never really lived until you've done something for someone who can never repay you 
Twilight still exists ? I forgot 
Jammin out to Journey's Greatest Hits getting ready for work ! 
\Oh to be young and gay again ... \ " -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
The water < PROPMALE>'s in my name now ... I feel so grown up and responsible right now 
So upon first watch ' Exit Through the Gift Shop ' was not that great ... Upon reading the huge controversy it made and all the people who actually got worked up about it I think it was an amazing piece of work and my hat's off once again to Bansky 
Self-reflection is depressing . Re-hash it over and over and over again and fuck if you'll learn anything new 
GodDAMMIT i hate breaking guitar strings !! 
Saying goodbye to Facebook for forty days ... if you need to get ahold of me text me or something 
