It really depends on me to see how much I can change . The sooner to get rid of my problems the better . This part of life must be well handled . 

so I am an engineer , but quite a lot of time I still think I have a pixel brain ... 
Laziness is an intellectual fine < PROPMALE > which can render a person's four limbs impaired . 
is spreading peanut butter in < PROPFEMALE > . 
They have abandoned their families and careers , put an end to their own desires and emotions , and focused on learning , experimenting , and practicing life painfully without any guidance . Once they have a complete grasp of the hard-earned knowledge of life , 
3D Modeling is licking in space . If you model a car , you lick all the surface and vertices of it . If you model nude-male , you also lick all the surface of him without prejudice , and that includes creepy legs . 
Good modeler the surface licker . Good animator the action faker . Good FX-artist the video liar . 
Seniors will get a 50 per cent discount in BC camping parks during bad weather . 
Laws that rooted on myths and hysterical decision making : BC Laws require bikers put on their helmets . Doctors now say helmet won't protect you from brain injury , even from a gloved punch . Bikers are not protected from rotation stress during impact . Sourc 
Working as much as bus running hours , how nice this piece of crap would you expect ? 
is planning to get this irresistibly cheap webhosting deal for $9USD per year from 2gbhosting.com, 2gb webspace and 110gb bandwidth with a free domain name . 
If our mind is like the mirror-stand which has gathered dust , then it is no longer clean and pure . 
The Truth is easily revealed as the mirror is clear . 
The Truth is that everyone in this world needs help to feel better and get better . One way or the other , we all suck . 
finally his car got insured , and he is going to host and write his website to demonstrate his works like the way he always wanted to . 
Longer than before my previous life , my mind was no longer vow to spend money on cute characters from movies . 
Ah . That tinny little nasty stupid freaking obscene paranoia-inducing shadow in this < PROPFEMALE > 3D indoor lighting assignment . 
The complication is swirling in the toilet seat . 
Where will you be when my inner eyelids are burning ? 
All those hot sweaty young celestial bodies slamming against each other . 
The pair of her hungry demonic eyes brimmed with tears , lifting the Truth , inspired me righteously click for the foul < PROPFEMALE > without divine rewards . 
Thousand nostrils breathe through one air conditioner . 
So , they think that giving out whatever blessings to someone is just too religious , despite of the fact that a good word is simply has no references to religion whatsoever , and they won't find their own guilt in cursing others that have dismayed them ... 
You think it's a vacuum , but in 1931 this was a ladies shaver . 
enjoy school more than holidays . First time ever . 
Turning lust to dust . 
I have told you the Truth as it has happened . 
The sky is peeing just as it wishes . 
Raindrops that fell on puddles today were dubiously fouled boiling feces . 
If zbrush crash a few more times and doesn't do what I wanted , I will let the human head model be a piece of roughly crafted feces and I will only recommend zbrush for modeling feces . 
I have rescued data on my fried camcorder , finally . So more photos and videos are going to be online . 
Cancelling the canceling of cancelling the loading the project - that may take a few hours . 
Be like water . Realflow water simulation ... will I pull that off ? 
Boiling the tutorials ... 
Facial rigging experiments at school ; Realflow experiments at home . 
The schedule whispers my name . 
Obscene improvements are the norm . 
It was from a creepy lesson as it was . 
Kids that can add like calculators are just a bunch of manacled and mentally-abused cats in euphoria and ecstasy . 
30% of the batman movies are about bondage , discipline , and dominance and submission . 
You can only let a bull's head lowered only if that bull is willing and able . Not my fault . 
They would love the four- 5.1 channel coffin-sized wooden luxury speakers . The size alone is ugly , smelly and obese . Right there a nice cemetery in their house . 
Rolling Metal Cloth script is finally working for the first time ... 
Tonight , for all the painful nightly work we have done , we must celebrate by chewing cockroaches . We forgot lunch dinner and breakfast . 
lol . I hate robots , cars , explosions , swimming/flying stuff , claustrophobic rooms in VFX . lol . I hate Gods in euphoria , diva , guns , monsters in modeling . lol . Animation is too cute for my darken taste . LOL ! 
Don't * ever * put my birthday on your calendar ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > nerds tell the animators to play with their Game of Gimbal Lock . 
With the pumpkin contest of the Halloween , I just don't bother . TOO BUSY AND FREAKING A LOT TO LEARN AND TOO MANY TECHNIQUES TO EXPERIMENT WITH . 
I have not bothered to play any computer games since Monday . 
Learning where to balance inbetween the practice of KISS principle and the search of the ultimate . 
Put your names on your demo reels like animals do in mating seasons . 
3D Modeling is Taxidermy . 
Imported headphones and headsets are better than the ones that you can buy in Canada . If anyone ship things with UPS worldship ( Canada ) today , the delivery date will be on Dec 14 , 2009 . 
Right now the TI-83 calculators are so cheap on ebay bidding - 10 dollars each and 23 hours left ... It was so expensive 5 years ago ($140US ) ... 
Work can stone brains just as bad as games can abuse brains . 
No one ever injured their eyesight by looking on the bright side of things . 
Real close but not quite ... 
Need to see more movies for references to figure out how the car to phone transformation is going to work out for the demo reel ... 
< PROPFIRST > learned how to use a SLR camera . 
I wish < PROPFEMALE > will die soon way before the North Pole melts . He will never has a son because he is obscenely obese and surely impotent . 
The world is always big to learn from . We have lots to do for ourselves , and there are lots to explore in our life and surroundings , which means in any situations , even in the most desponding moment , we can only get better as we learn . It is great that life is actually quite a durable game ... We wish us have this year turned for a meaning purpose . And \Happy holidays . \ " - a shallow but convenient way to say things . " 
Are Hela cells breathable and tumors edible ? 
If everything is out of order and in a mess , reconfigure yourself so that you are not trying to get away , panic or procrastinate , then take a deep breathe , and do the things that are easily to do first ... And consult peers for all the doubts that are uncertain . 
Better to acknowledge all kinds of problems that were found and fix them now way before the big deal is coming . 
The key to success is to first choke on that key . 
Sometimes , your smaller problems that can be set aside temporary will get resolved by simply encountering a bigger problem later down the road of the project , so apart from thinking , also keep trying . If smaller problems are the symptoms and the bigger one is the cause , and you stuck on the smaller problems without seeing ... the bigger one , of course , that counts as a failure . 
For those who are free and hesitating : There is always a thing that is the first for you to do and if you don't do it now , it will never get done tomorrow . 
The only best solutions are those that can give result on time . 
Time is always bleeding for you . 
Just come here and work . Solving the problems cures worries ; waiting can only suppress worries . 
The first time I touch Autodesk < PROPFEMALE > was * one year and 4 months ago * . Now , NUKE python scripts . 
Without sufficient confidence , it is simply too hard to start and finish things . It is all about sailing the mind into a proper direction ... 
Today , I will pick up my 2TB Western Digital Cavier Green Internal Harddrive and Logitech MX performance mouse from ncix.com Vancouver . I need to backup my stuff and work at home during the school break . And PST , HST & GST ( taxes ) in British Columbia makes the order annoyingly expensive . $329.00 and around $50.00 is tax . 
Due to all the pressure and heat in the ANTFarm , my desk is starting to burn . 
I need to spread my work on the schedule . 
I have just realized that in so many situations I can just ask for better things and everyone has nothing to lose . 
A $10 computer mouse is doing better than a $100 one . 
The cheapest mousepad is a piece of white A4 paper taped onto the table with double-sided adhesive tape . Works well . 
This week is my awesome week . I need to work to finish my most difficult shot in my Vancouver Film School Demo Reel . 
Prolonged worries are giant infinity loops - which give a promise of fever and a great time waster . 
If I have matched the car shadow in 3D , I may as well winning a lottery . 
The tech support did not swap the failing harddrive in my computer last Friday even though I have requested it , and they lost a few days of my work . Plus , we ended up with a failed harddrive . They replaced the computer yesterday . If that doesn't work , VFS had better hire me . 
No . I don't have enough money to eat out until May . 
I have so many people to thanks for my Vancouver Film School demo reel . 
first , it is awkward to have only one person dressing up\ 
it is also awkward to have half the class dressing up\ 
and it is also awkward to have everyone dressing up\ 
so it is better to have no one dressing up , but just dress a bit better . 
I recovered < PROPFIRST>'s grad show and dinner photos from a broken compact flash card yesterday . 
So much things to do and fix , I am doing so less in a day . 
I need an isolation chamber . 
RMA three harddrives , one ultra chilltec cpu cooler , and sending a laptop which is having a weak CMOS clock battery and also having a fan that sounds like a meat grinder . Planning to buy necessary expensive parts for my computer rig in < PROPFIRST > Kong , no sale tax there . 
I must do some serious work to upgrade my skills\ 
now , or I cannot even pass myself . Busy figuring how to manipulate \ 
XML Data structure in office , . Net , and possibly python . 
Persist through C R A P ... Criticism , \ 
Rejection , Assholes , Pressure . 
I\ 
have just bought a < PROPFEMALE > Studio 15 : core i7 , 4gbRAM , 500gbHDD , 3year\ 
advanced warranty for $1314.37 ( inc . tax ) , I talk about the fact that\ 
< PROPFEMALE > is cranking up the retail price for laptop that has student\ 
discount with a < PROPFEMALE > sale representative for 20 minutes , so I got it\ 
with a student discount plus a 50-dollar discount . Must be the cheapest\ 
around . 
Life is just seemed long enough for everyone to have a moment to become stupid . If it really is so , I would like to be averagely stupid across my life so that I am not going to be as painful as the others . :) 
To my surprise , the dining hall don't ever make soup . I bet if they ever want to make any kind of soup , it is going to be BEEF stew screwed with onions in it . As the mess is boiling and tormenting inside the pot , the random things in there will take turn ... to surface , and say hi to you ! 
Due to spam phone calls on my new phone number , I have just changed my phone number . 
My new experiment is to work continuously with a line up of projects without hanging too much onto communications to see whether I can finish the projects way earlier than my usual pace . 
Basics are always more impressive than the icing on the cake . 
A few would care the Antikythera mechanism is more valuable than the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
Oh ? What is American ' Foot'ball ? I wondered . 
When a lazy guy's well stink , he will be still very thankful and masochistically accept such oversized filth in his water . 
Chapter 4- What is inside the busy router ? I can only think of hornets and flies - hornets as bytes , and flies as bits . 
Today , I have been a vegetarian for one year and I am healthier than all those previous years . 
It is a totally wrong assumption that I don't work on Friday nights , Saturday and Sunday . I do not know where this assumption came from . 
< PROPFEMALE > HM er sexing hennes kjæreste på skinner ... 
You know what it is like when you have 5 people waiting for you to deliver in a project , while another 7 people is waiting for you to deliver for another project , yet 2 other are expecting you to finish off something two days before the due date so that they all can discuss it , and another project with hard deadline . Share my sacrifice . 
Now I have come undone . 
To get a head start on the holidays is not to shop , it is to care . Dumbass , PayPal ! 
Quark-gluon Soup is the hottest soup on Earth . 
line up your face with the dotted circle on the cooking pan exactly so that anesthetic can be applied at < PROPMALE > amount when they get your face burned , or you will be forced to burned and this alternative won't be as accurate . 
You must do all you needed to do before you start worrying . If you have nothing to do and sit here to worry you are still useless here . 
Don't worry about Thanksgiving - I will sleep that whole five days straight . 
I am the first and the last creature in this lab . 
Why is it so hard to find a mouse that has good nice middle click , wireless , and yet having a good laser tracking ? So I just bought a Logitech MX 518 - with a promise of working middle click and laser tracking . 
If you are educated , you always outdo and fool the shepherds and don't care about counting sheeps . 
Nothing can keep us apart ; we can kill them all if desires are freed . 
< PROPFEMALE > of the winter throned . 
crabs get thrown in boiled water . 
That piece of crap roams the Earth and breathes .... 
Meaty Violence Olympics : She has packed pieces of us into this dead-chicken freezer in a way that your chicken feet are always there grabbing my bottom . 
Meaty Violence Olympics : Go for tofurkey instead of crow dead-eye shifting parent flesh under silk matricide . 
Another round of hemagglutination . 
Believe . Believe with contempt . 
Absinthia Chaoic < PROPFEMALE > Crimson and Moonless Bruised Purple through Sullen's blast door . 
It is the law - it is not right nor wrong . 
Keep picking on your zits until chaos expose . 
< PROPFIRST>'s comments are suitable for the top 1 percent of the most uptight and conservative individuals . 
Every time when I have so much work I want to scream at somebody , like a cooked meat < PROPFEMALE > still alive in a hamburger . 
Grades come out like epiphany . 
Unlike men , women are actually turned off by certain scents , such as < PROPFEMALE > , barbecued meat , and ironically , men's colognes . 
Your bosses are the economic demi-gods who have their manager beasts to get you mad like a piano , and the bad ones are all famous-pianists wannabes but the good ones will always know how to push all your eighty-eight keys , so you can scream like a Steinway without too much effort . But still , you are the one screaming , not your bosses . 
Kids , when you see the elephants having two legs in your kiddy books , their legs were not chopped off by an animal abuser . It is just one of the many over-simplifications to make sure you have lower IQs than average adults . 
Have any fat kids ever get too excited and died of getting a stroke just because of receiving a big gift in Christmas ? 
The trick to survive in the society is always get to a better position than the average in the society . Want to improve the society systematically ? You still need to get a better position than the average in the society . Or you are a communist . 
I don't really like the idea of going to LA . Those TSA scanners are so invasive . Fat people may have no problem with TSA scanners . because layers of fat are going to cover their pee pee so that the scanners are not going to see through their things . I think I should get fat now in order to turn them off . 
Because some of the people on friends are having their dogs ' faces as profile pictures since their day one on facebook , I can recognize these friends only by their dog faces . 
\Because I was following orders ... I was told to go on . And I did not get a cue to stop . \ " - from < PROPMALE > Milgram's experiments . " 
If everyone using Wikipedia today donate $5 , their fundraiser would be over today . 
I am more than sour and bitter . If I am not a transfer student , I would have graduated with honors at WSU . My WSU courses are all the tough ones without any fillers , and the ones from my community college were easier . I am likely ending with a 3.4 gpa after my final final spring semester . I am now baffled . 
Swapping popular Christmas presents like premium chocolate is a situation akin to passing hot potatos and time bombs as they get expired . Blow up fast and keep your body swelling now with a few boxes of expensive expiring chocolate ! 
Wide opened window revealed the dark night . Cold breezes are fondling the curtains . Overly-indulged by petty careless mistakes , why don't I just stumbled and fell through the window , and this is it ? 
Decision Day for Final Final Spring ! 
This year is definitely changing people . Guys now keep posting sexy guys and girls photos on Facebook , and a lot of more of guys/girls posting about shaving and porn profusely . I had a good laugh , and ready to roll for the last four months of Pullman ! 
When my English grammar is getting terrible , my Math classes will do well . 
More uptight conservative YAWN . 
A computer ethics class at the end of the degree may not work too well for me though it is needed for tunnel-visioned people . For me , this class does not worth 10 quizzies , 2 exams , a few group projects/essays , a $36 i-clicker remote , and a $65 textbook . I would not gain much . Had I not known about ethics and being observant enough , I would not want to graduate in the first place . 
Vegetarian pho served in chicken broth is not vegetarian . Seafood and fish are not for vegetarian . These restaurant owners needed to be sent to reeducation camp . For real . 
< PROPFIRST > 3am : They are so fond of adding pieces of carcass on their food . Then , the same group of necrophagia freaks want to ding me when I angrily squeeze blood-like red ink out of a sponge . 
$1.5 for avocado paste in a Subway bread . No way . Subway , eat FLESH . 
Learned , after all the epic bleeding noses . \ 
Bent over , on the broken chairs , in seemingly endless fucked up nights . \ 
Sickened , carousing in this fouled snow . \ 
Traumatized , with all that biblical prehistoric post-karmic physical screw overs . 
Contrary to popular belief , God is not used in my vegetarian diet . 
A youtube video that got 7 million views does not matter much because a piece of crap on youtube can get up to 1 million views for brain-dead people . 
Uncertainty . It must be permanently understood . 
Why people on Facebook love to post all those unhealthy food photos from the restaurants _unrotated_ ? Besides , meat is severely burned . French fries have a layer of salt on them and look incredibly salty . Vegetable dishes are having at least 30% of meat in there . Chocolate that are so sweet that burns your throat . Overdose of cheese on pizzas and pastas . Cream in the desserts that gives you sugar crash afterwards ... 
When there is not enough loading zone , they do that kind of atrocity to me , I will do that to them . No donation to WSU for next 20 years . Dada ! 
Heavy smokers cannot swim for more than a hour because their habit sucks . 
No need to see 11 men chasing an orange ball . Fat people , play basketball among yourselves . 
Happy Chinese new year , the first thing of what most people do is eating animal corpses on the table . Don't eat too much or you will be slaughtered . :) 
How is your faith on the number FOUR !? 
No gluttony is allowed , like forever . Again , no animal corpses , carbo pizzas , pop-soda , ice-cream , cookies , candies , HFCS , MSG , too much nuts and pop-corns . But thanks . I stomach is almost flat right now , the next step is to swim more to cut more fat to reveal the abs . 
I have seen nothing yet . 
If you want to try an easy and tasty calorie-cutting trick , then replace the meat in your favorite recipes with mushrooms . You'll automatically cut about 420 calories out of a meal , partly because you'll skip all the belly-padding saturated fat contained in meat . And folks in a recent study found mushrooms just as tasty and filling as meat . 
I think I need to open the window wide open and go to sleep . If they can afford to live in residence hall , eating the beef cup noodles means that they are not well educated about food . and they are doing a disservice about their own wellbeing , and that eventually hurts them . \ 
Or simply put , they are lazy . How about that ? 
I finally have dreamed meeting people that I most afraid of , they finally smiled at me , and I know my effort is finally redeemed . I got them the correct answers . 
They say I can make time , true , but in my case , it is just another round of cramming tasks on schedule . 
Swam 8550 yard yesterday in 3 hours and 5 < PROPFEMALE > . Vegetarian diet . Swim as fast as university lifeguards . How about that ? 
< PROPFIRST > Yau Presents \Vegetarian entrées that do not starve you\ " . Effective Feb 14 : Every day < PROPFIRST > presents what he eat . Swim as fast as university lifeguards . AND * vegetarian *." 
Time is crunching people like jam and butter in my sandwich . A piece of mine is right in there . 
What if excessive amount of approval can cause people feeling too good , off their guards , slacking off , insomia and eventually brain damage ? ( < PROPMALE > ) 
That is a total mess , some people tell you to boycott Chevnon and Exxon , and then some told you to boycott Shell and BP etc . It is useless . It is a systematic mess . 
My solution to the only programming class left ( Operating System ) in the degree is to dig deep down , and ask questions . < PROPFEMALE > says I wrote good code , but he sighs when it crashed every time when we boot my own operating system . It should be something that runs my OS has a simulation problem . The effort to execute this solution will be heavy-handed . ( one job interview tomorrow . ) 
Buffling : Males tend to take risk that females don't . It is not sexy for most of the males and incurs a higher failure rate for this half of population . 
For all other things , just the same as smoking habit , if there are many people doing the same bad thing , this does NOT make it a good thing . 
From the craze to craving of Potassium Iodide : More salt for the wounds in the brains of the idiots . 
May my work that sent back will suffocate the rest . 
Next time when I hear a person claims that he/she is a philosopher , I will add : he/she is also a constitutional scholar , a fervent crusader for the abolition of slavery , an entrepreneur who succeeded competition in forcing the Amercian postal service to lower its rates , a writer on economic matters , and a ranked janitor of my mentality restroom , and more . 
No matter how I don't like the way it is , it has to work ! 
Esteem overwhelmed the Truth : More heavy industries , more nuclear submarines , more videos on the parliament , more fervid marches did not save Soviet Union . However , it just looks very good . 
If a chicken is allowed out for five minutes a week with a million other chickens , it can be called \free range \"." 
The toast to insanity : The whole Math exam will be just proofs and about proofs with no calculation . Remember , suffering is always free . 
Corps singing thoughtlessly through thoughtless b(ee)-itches ! 
They emotionally denied that they have already failed when quitting is actually better . They have got into a lovesick condition that they are willing to compromise to the point of losing everything of theirs . Their hearts have become blind , and truly \An opprobrious monument to human greed . \"" 
Dreaming of winning a lottery all day long is the seeds of agony and self-realization of finacial castration in upcoming fiscal winter months . ( No I am not with the dreamers . ) 
All article titles are females aged over 50 , so there should be no period inside these titles . 
Simple Math approach crossed out your hopeless fantasy : Although success is literally bathe in the mines of immense failures , you won't be forcing yourself to be a die-hard when the way of mining of your success is also an epic failure . 
Although every attempt has been made to keep everything in check , unfortunately I have a lot more important and pressing issues to take care of , and the priority has been gone to those . When I want a way out , I am here on Facebook , I am not counting fingers but most of the time l am evaluating what are working from those that are not . 
We are so bright that we can leave marks in history only within our own ossuaries . Just saying . 
The best cleaning solution for a heavy smoking person is to drink bleach ! 
Pope : \Technology can't replace God\ " \ 
When a maggot hold three pHDs , his thoughts can be so naive . 
Skype has spelled its demise with deteriorating call quality , big ass ads , and inflexible subscription plans . 
7 more days to tolerate broken chairs , greasy mouses , dust-covered floor , and moth-eaten computers at WSU . 
Mathematical Tinman so be it . Amentia ! Amen ! 
When everyone says differently about an issue , do not trust any one of them but trust everyone collectively . 
One gas tank for a 5-hour energy drink and $5 Gasoline Abomination 
