i love to swim 

off to rhythm review class . no it's not dance lessons :( 
my sinuses are making my nose stuffy and head hurt :( 
laundry day .... bleh ! 
I'm on call today ! 
come on storms !!! 
it's so f-ing hot I am sweating like a boy ! 
Perfect day to celebrate our independence ! Happy 4th of July 
How was your 4th of July ? Spent mine with fam ... Great Times Great Day ! Loved It !! 
work was canceled today .... DAY OFF 
all my mucsles hurt from working the last 2 days ! Spine surgery patients are a bitch to care for . 
off to work 
I almost threw up ... Jimmy got his sweat on me . Give me brains and blood and even puke ( except dog puke ) ... but keep the sweat away ! 
on call today 
holy hell it is HOT ! 
ITS < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > OUT !!! WOOTWOOT 
Hanging out with the nieces today :) 
going to plant some trees today :) 
stupid storms keep skipping my house !!! 
Day off YEAH !!! Gotta wait for the windshield people BOO ! Wanna go to Target instead . 
work was canceled ... again . Tucson must be full of well/uninjured people because TMC is like a ghost town these days . 
went to Rio < PROPMALE > today ... WOW is it pretty there 
I am forced to water my cactus since that damn Mother Nature won't do her job !!! 
gonna go swimmin tomarrow 
going to teach the nieces Yoga 
I would like to meet the creator of the game Farkle and beat him to bloody pulp ! 
Yoga was great but < PROPFEMALE > went mooo instead of ommm , and Skylar said \have a nice day\ " instead of namastay . " 
yeah the weekend is over . 3 days off except for ACLS renewal . 
i love facebook quizes . I just learn so much about myself . 
i need a haircut 
haircut today WHOO HOO ! 
hangin out at the sissies house . 
YEAH !!! it finally rained 
selling tickets for SHS cheer squad . 20 bucks gets you a fantastic show at the gaslight theater for Aug 16 !!! Who's in ? I'll be there ... it will be fun :) 
stayed in bed until noon today ! 
up early to go to work only to be put on call . :( 
GRRRR ! I just got my cracked from one end to the other windshield replaced last week , went to get in my car today and there is ANOTHER crack . Not a ding , a big mother f-ing CRACK !!! 
nursing a headache :( to much saki 
drinkin my morning coffee . 
hoping the first day of school for the nieces and the Boohers goes well . 
gotta fold the laundry BOOO 
sleepy ... going to bed . night all 
enjoying the day 
come on rain show me what you got 
Why do things always go awry at change of shift ? WHY I ASK 
Hospital canceled me today so instead I washed my car , drank some beers with hubby and friends , and watched < PROPFEMALE > Hills Chihuahua with Mitzy . Much better than working !!! 
Just sat through ALL of Mama Mia ... WOW words cannot describe ... may God have mercy on my soul . 
excited to see Sky cheer tonight !!! First football game of the season ... GO SHS COUGARS 
Going to Casa for a HS BFF reunion . 15 years is a tooo long 
WOW just dug through an old box FULL of pics from HS and from a certain wedding where all the bridesmaids wore FUSCIA dresses !!!!! Be prepared for a good-ole laugh fess !! 
had a great time last night ... so good to see my friends happy and well . We missed you < PROPFIRST > . Maybe next time . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TEAGAN < PROPFIRST > !!! 
cut and a color ... I feel like \me\ " again :) " 
had a great Labor day but am burned . When will I ever learn ... go outside wear the damn sunscreen !!! 
better watch what I post from now on . Don't want some one telling on me . Thanks alot who ever you are !!! 
Im a little bitter 
I'm over it . 
Did you see the New < PROPFEMALE > trailer last night ? I CAN'T WAIT !!!!! 
YEAH :) ... I go back to work tomarrow ... HAHAHA who am I trying to kid 
I have spoiled my baby dog to the point where she will only eat if I hand feed her . OW what have I done ??? 
< PROPFIRST > and i got blackberrys today and the damn thing is to complicated to use . i cant even figure out how to make a phone call . Skylar is giving us a tutorial on high tech gadgets . 
my head hurts :( 
I think I might dream about flu shots tonight . Gave a whole lot of them today and doing it again tomarrow . ALL you TMC friends get down to employee health so I can stick you !!! 
is going to shower baby < PROPFIRST > with gifts today :) 
I'm hungry . Wonder what < PROPFIRST > is making for dinner . 
All health care workers must sign up for madatory overtime in case we have a massive flu outbreak . Half of unit 850 is sick with it . We need our swine flu shots !!!! 
Greer was fabulous ! Had a great time . Want to go back . Missed my dogs . Next time they will come with us !! 
hope every one has a fun and safe Halloween with lots of < PROPFEMALE > !!! MMMM < PROPFEMALE > 
A < PROPFEMALE > fell out of my wedding ring . Guess < PROPFIRST > better buy me a new one , but what I really want is a . 357 magnum snub-nose revolver . 
ooohhh what a day . a day from HELL !!! hope tomarrow is a little easier , I'm beat ! 
today was a good day :) 
NEW < PROPFEMALE > STARTS THIS WEEK !!!!! 
got my windshield replaced AGAIN . hopefully I can go more than 2 days without it cracking AGAIN . wish me luck 
hope everyone has a happy thanksgiving !!! i will be working :( 
damn winter storm blew my lights off my my house , knocked my reindeer and sled over , AND pulled all the latice off my walkway . :( < PROPFIRST > better come home soon to fix it all . 
had a fabulous 5 days off . back to work tomarrow to earn the benjamins . 
have a 2 degree burn on my entire left palm from an iron heated to 460 degrees . nothing is helping with the pain except my hand in ice . I have tried lidocaine cream and aloe < PROPFEMALE > . Anyone have any other ideas ? ER is NOT an option ! 
after 15 hours of ice soaks , my burning hand feels much better :) 
PLAY ALONG : You see me in a police car , what would u think I got arrested for ? Answer me , then copy and paste . See how many crimes u get accused of . BE NICE ! lol 
day off today ... what to do , what to do ... 
it's gloomy , rainy , and cold today . I like it ! 
Off to bed at 8:00 pm on a friday night :( I'm old and gotta be to work at 0600 sat morning . ICK !!! 
I think I will stay in my jammies the whole day ! 
vomit & c-diff , vomit & c-diff , vomit & c-diff .... add a little bacteremia and sepsis and that was about the jist of my day . I need to disinfect myself STAT ! 
Getting the taxes done today , hope everything goes smoothly . 
BBBBBBRRRRRRRRR . I need a snuggie 
planning my disneyland getaway with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > has never been . SUPER EXCITED !!!! 
my head feels like it might explode :( 
had a great day with my hubby today 
it's almost my birthday !!! 
as of monday I am a student AGAIN . Enrolled in GCU's continuing nursing education . 
i am soooo happy to get to spend easter with my family this year . it has been to many years of not having them near by ! thanks all my fam for moving back to tucson ! 
I didn't feel any earthquake ! 
work work work ! I need a vacation that involves water , boos , and a certain hubby to rub suntan oil on me ! 
getting ready to go to DISNEYLAND ! super excited ! 
OMG this wind SUCKS BALLS ! 
All school work and work work is done for the week ... BRING ON THE VACATION !!! 
Day 1 of disney was fantastic !!! Not too broke yet but we are working on it . Brinig on day 2 !! 
day 2 of Disney is in the . bag . we even made to cali . adveture . rode tower of terror . AWESOME ! 
home from our vacation . Had to take a detour to the minute clinic because Im not feeling so hot . Cant breath and my ears hurt . Minute clinic took one look at me and sent me to urgent care to get a breathing treatment and xray . 2 albuterol treatments later I can breath again but I have an ear infection and bronchitis :( i blame the germy children at disneyland !!! 
Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immense\ 
responsibility & very little authority . You step into people's\ 
lives & make a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You\ 
see people at their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You\ 
see people's capacity for love , courage , & endurance . ? IT'S NURSES\ 
APPRECIATION WEEK . REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE , AND/OR\ 
APPRECIATE A NURSE ! 
VOTE YES PROP 100 !!! 
wasted my whole saturday writing a stupid paper on health promotion and the levels of prevention ! BLEH ! 
brunch at hacienda < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . now off to the desert museum . today is way better than yesterday . 
ITS VOTING DAY PEOPLE !!!! GET OUT THERE AND SUPPORT PROP 100 . 
< PROPFIRST > and I went to vote . Did you ? 
whoo hoo 100 passed ! 
ugg it's early . 
Up early to finish this weeks paper . I had to interview a family and determine thier dysfunctions based on the patterns of function . The fam I interviewed has so many dysfunctions that my paper exceeded the word limit by 800 words !!! 
Final presentation for my Family Health Promotion class is in the bag . Bring on the next class ! 
My dog ChiChi snores soooo loud that < PROPFIRST > and I now have to wear ear plugs to bed ! 
can't shake this feeling of gulit and shame I am feeling :( sorry < PROPFIRST > . 
happy fathers day !! 
got < PROPFEMALE>'s ashes back :( she now sits on the shelf with < PROPMALE > :( 
omg Skylar is learning how to drive in my car ! < PROPFIRST > is a patient teacher . me and < PROPFEMALE > are in the back seat clinging to each other . haha ! 
enjoying the < PROPFEMALE > and a < PROPFEMALE > with my Man 
Im all hot and sweaty ! It's nasty outside . 
we got a new baby today . his name is < PROPMALE > , he is a white boxer rescued from euthanasia . SUPER ADORABLE !!! 
Just like humans , boy dogs are way more sloppy than girl dogs . 
ugg 
my Liver hurts . maybe its time to quit the sauce :( 
come on monsoons start already ! 
50% < PROPMALE > of rain my ass ! 
watching the lightning with < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPMALE > ate 5 boxes of Mac-n-cheese , 1 box of tatos , a glass , & a tree all while we were at work . He now has a kennel in which he lives while we are away . 
anyone know of a good dog trainer or doggy daycare ? < PROPMALE > ate his bed , a sheet , and a towel that were on the outside of his kennel while he was on the inside with the door shut !!! We don't know what to do ! 
yeah we got a storm ! 
whoohoo < PROPMALE > didn't eat anything or destroy my house ! 
thanks doggies for the dead squished lizard you drug in from the back yard . Guess it's better than eating EVERYTHING ...... Sterling !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > ate my origami cranes I was making for a wedding and a movie that didn't belong to me . looks like I will be buying replacements for my friends . 
woke up to my fire alarm screaming and a big baby dog jumping on me because the alarm scared him !! 
NO RAIN AT MY HOUSE DAMMIT ! AGAIN ! 
has a movie date with < PROPFEMALE > . We are going to see < PROPFEMALE > & Beezus :) 
mmm movie popcorn is delicious ! 
something funny is going on outside . wet stuff is falling from the sky ! FINALLY ! 
where did monsoon go ? 
FYI .... Figs cause diarrhea :( 
out on the town ! hello liquor , how I have missed thee ! 
why do all down town bars have swamp coolers ? I'm melting . 
for every long island I drink , I sweat out its equivalence . its sooo hot ! 
rain glorious rain ! 
eating at Rigo's . delicious ! 
:( its early ! gotta go to the job . 
its my Friday :) 
woke up super tired ????? 
was having a wonderful dream until the god awful sound of my alarm clock insisted I wake up . Hate that ! 
has 5 fabulous days off . 
lunch date with Pammy today ... YAH !! :) 
enjoying my time with my gf's 
We have a doggy behavior modification specialist coming on Monday !!!! YAH 
is sick of it being hot and muggy . It makes me a crabby < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
gotta make the dog presentable for his behavior evaluation today !! He's being extra naughty now to get is out of his system for this afternoon !!! 
< PROPMALE > starts in home obedience training and behavior modification on thursday ... :) theres hope for him yet . He delivered a flawless performance in naughtiness with the dog trainer today but she says he will be a well behaved obediant dog in 8 weeks . wish us luck !! 
WTF ... it rained like 10 inches at the hospital today but my house is dry as a bone . F-ing NW side !! 
Check it out ! I'm on PerezHilton.com! http://perezhilton.com/lastexorcism/?id=1328094576 
woke up at 0600 to take the dog on his structured walk and IT POURED ON US !!! IT WAS FABULOUS ! 
< PROPMALE > had his first bad doggy obedient lesson tonight and I am proud to report he did AWESOME !!!! He is one smart cookie and a fast learner . I AM ONE PROUD MAMMA and am confident he will turn out OK ! YEAH < PROPMALE > :) 
Group dog lessons at < PROPMALE > park today .... my boy was the best in the class !!! 
I like getting off work early . :) 
waiting for Target to open . 
date night with my hubby wubby . YEAH ! 
awwwwe now this weather I can handle . 
gotta go see the dentist today :) 
Taking the dog on his structured walk after drinking a bottle of wine the night prior is no easy feat . OYE ! 
come on dog , let's get structured . at 0500 before I work for 12 hours . 
oye ! last day of work for this week . THANK GOD ! 
started my day with a kick to the head but it ended ok . 
< PROPMALE > has his canine good citizen test today . keep your fingers crossed he passes . 
yeah ! < PROPMALE > passed his test ! 
< PROPMALE > tripped me in the street while we were sprinting . I have road rash and a hurt wrist :( 
cant sleep . on fb at 0300 . OYE ! 
gotta be the large and in charge nurse tomorrow . BOOO ! 
I am in desperate need of some hairapy ! my roots are dark and my ends are frazled . AND I got GRAYS ! whhhaaaaa :( 
ooohhhh prison night on MSNBC . Love saturday night television ! 
yeah ! no work till Tuesday ! Woot Woot ! 
woke up feeling fabulous ! 
getting a pedi with pammy at walmart . 
hoping for a tornado . 
poor < PROPMALE > has the trots . 
< PROPMALE > is now on Flagyl for his bubble guts . Hope it's not c-diff ! 
hello < PROPFEMALE > ranch ... meet the Plamondons !!! 
mmmm I like wine . 
mmmm i like DWTS 
DISGUSTING !!!! Mrs < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > on DWTS !!! confirmed x-rated relationship ! 
I know who I am NOT voting for on DWTS 
brrrrrr ! 
going to see paranormal activity with pammy . we're chickens and therefore seeing the flick during day time hours ! 
just dance 2 coming to wii SOON ! can't wait ! 
slaughter house ... here I come ... hope I don't pee my pants !!!! 
at a conference that is all about the frontal lobe . I'm a nerd ! 
its sooooo early . boooo ! 
just drove by a billboard with TMCs stroke center ad . my mug is right in the front ! 
love having < PROPFEMALE > time ! She's the best :) 
grown ups is a funny f-ing movie ! 
I like the shade of blue used for Seattle's helmets . 
off to save lives 
oh creatures big and small , one person should not be aloud to eat as much as I just did . good thing I wore my stretchy pants . hope everyone had a fabulous thanksgiving ! lord knows I did ! 
spending black friday warm in my bed ! 
I want my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
xbox kinect is AWESOME ! 
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY SKYLAR < PROPFEMALE > !!!! NOW GET A JOB ! 
thinkin Ima gonna kill some zombies today !! 
I do not like this time of day ! think I will hit snooze . 
hearing bear down az makes me giggle . in my profession , when I want someone to bear down , it means take a crap or slow your heart rate down . 
has a busy day planned with my girlies Skylar and < PROPFEMALE > . YEAH ! 
me n the girls are watching tangled in 3d . 
ahhh tangled is a cute movie and 3d is badass ! 
i HATE the mall !!! 
sure hopes < PROPFEMALE > will bring me a dyson animal vac this year :) 
happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
excited to see ALL my family today . 
looking at my christmas tree and wondering why there aren't any presents under it ? :( 
RAIN ! 
my head hurts . BOOO :( 
no more christmas crap in my house !!!!! 
uuummm the weather is reporting snow storms on thursday !?! Summer for christmas , winter for new years . MAKE UP YOUR MIND WEATHER ! 
BURRRR 
white stuff is falling down from the sky above me :) 
yeah yeah yeah done with work for the week !!!! 
aaaaawwwww Skylar is driving ! her mother who can't drive worth a damn is in the front seat instructing her . 
its fun to be the back seat driver . haha . 
sad sad sad day for tucson and my beloved family . lost my father in law suddenly and unexpectedly . our hearts are broken . we love you and will miss you < PROPMALE > . 
thank you my FB friends for all the thoughts and well wishes . we are a strong family with lots of love and together we will live and grow stronger from our tragedy . 
I'm a pisces now ? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to MY LOVEY < PROPFIRST > ! 
have a great day my FB friends :) 
in Rio < PROPMALE > for good . 
skylars driving has improved greatly . so far on today's journey she has only scared me once . 
cracking up at < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > . That < PROPFIRST > is one funny lady !!! 
love rainy days spent in my jammies :) 
its 18 degrees . my water won't turn on . hell has frozen over . 
was toasty warm with my space heaters until I blew the circuits out ! Sure hope the gas is turned back on today , Im not cut out for this winter BS ! 
happy superbowl Sunday . 
yeah gas is back on ! 
Hates going to the doctor . BOOO ! 
el guero canelo ! oh how I love u . 
great day with my sis and the nieces . 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY FB FRIENDS . WHATS YOUR PLAN FOR THE DAY ? 
holy wind from hell Batman ! where's the damn rain ? the dirt is blowing in my eyes . 
what to do on day as nasty as today ? stay home , play wii , and drink boos ! that's what . haha ! 
Who's got Beiber fever ???? NOT ME !!!! But Im a nice auntie and am going to suck it it up to take the nieces to see the Beiber's movie . :) in 3D no less !! 
Going to see the Beibs at 2:00 . Who wants to join us ???? It will be FUN !!! 
30 bucks to see the bieber movie ! sheesh . 
< PROPFIRST > is teaching Skylar how to 3 point turn so she can pass her driving test tomarrow . 
whoa ! what's going on ? snow ? is that real snow ? 
sitting in the Dr's office . boooooooo . I'd rather eat dirt than go to the Dr. 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL SISTER & BFF 
its almost my birthday !!! can't believe I am turning 25 !!!! 
today is my birthday and for the tenth year in a row I am turning 25 !!! Thanks FB friends for all the happy birthday wishes . 
my pops is in ICU . things aren't well . 
after a long torturous night , pops is doing a little better . breathing on his own . back to his grouchy self which is a good sign . thanks FB friends for all the thoughts and well wishes . 
pops is home at my house . now its a good time 
Hangin out with my skylars today . 
