well dad is off on the road and the holidays are almost done . It's kinda bittersweet . =/ 

i miss my bf and my bb lol . hehe they know who they r . :) 
IS really really happy . and is gonna have lots of fun w/ my mom today !!! hehe 
REALLY REALLY HAPPY 
45 days more days til i go to MSMS !!!!! 
44 more days til msms !!!!! 
43 !!!!! til MSMS !!!!! i'm gonna miss my < PROPFEMALE > . oh and my family too . lol . 
42 days !!! 
40 days til msms !!!!!! 
39 days !!! til msms !!! 
is finally done with her chores !!! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! no one can deny his talent ! 
36 days !!!!! til MSMS !!!!! 
is asking . If you read this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment with a memory of you and I . It can be anything you want , either good or bad . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what peop 
wants this summer to be over !!! only 20 more days til MSMS !!! 
heart is breaking but praying for an answer none the less . 
got her laptop tonight !!!!!! it is awesome everything i wanted and more !!!!! 
is amused . I love to see all my new geeky friends who consantly post that the summer is going to slow and i couldn't agree more !!!! 14 days !!!!!!!!!! 
i just set-up my webcam hehe lol ise gonna test it out at my grams house !!! yeah road trip !!! 
Corky is home from the vet !!!!! Her surgerorwent really well !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
AHHHH !!!! in 24 hrs i will be moving into my dorm !!!!! AHHHH !!!!!! I'm so excited !!!!! 
well its 12 hrs til i leave !!! and i just wanta u guys to know i love and will miss ya . i feel so loved and u that i have to thank know who u r . wish me luck !!! peace out !!! lol 
i love my stalker 
i would like to apoligize for my earlier comment and want everyone to forget about it and stop hassling the ppl invovled and if you don't know what i mean don't worry about it 
AHHH ! Bliss nine whole days at home ! but i'm gonna miss my friends !!! 
why can\t anything go right ? " 
is reading The Lovely Bones by < PROPFEMALE > Sebold ! and love it ! and recommends it to all my friends !!! 
NIGHT NIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 
RAWR !!! 
MERRRRRRRRYYY CHIRSTMAAAAAAAS !!!!!!! :D 
eeek ! Family guy is on ! 
well I had a marvelous christmas !!! hope you did too !!! Good night to all !!! 
is way too bored ! =( 
thinks she might finally knows what she wants to do with her life !!! 
Eek ! I improved my ACT Score by 3 points !!! 
Out of Boredom i went looking for funny quotes and found this : ... ( i just love to share ) ... The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on . - < PROPFIRST > Bloch 
grr why do we have homework over spring break ! 
It just kinda sad that i am so excited to go back to school !!! it's been a long week and i'm just ready for normal stressful school ! and to see all my friends !!! see u guys soon !!! 
happy easter ! 
Today is a sad day . I knew it would be . summer was beginning and i had to leave all my friends . and then i got bad news . Anyway at least i think it's pretty certian that < PROPFIRST > will get back in ! * half-grin * 
hehe i can get on facebook again . smile ! 
This is shaping up to be a grand old summer . insert numerous bad words . 
< PROPMALE > of Persia was an amazing movie !!! I would recommend it to anyone ! 
I am officailly obsessed with La Roux !!! 
says hi ! 
hehe ! I'm learning to loom and weave beads !!! I'm building my own loom this afternoon with my Grams ! I love having a talented grandmother . 
Well despite a < PROPMALE > start my summer seems to be getting better !!! yay ! and yesterday i discover a really good recipe for pumpkin muffin tops ! 
I just made a raisin pie . talk about a wierd week when it come to recipes . 
As fun as these last few lazy days of summer have been , I really missing the hectic life at MSMS . =( still i'm happy to be home . wish all you guys could be up here . 
I think i just read my favorite fml ever !!! it said :\ 
Today , my wife changed her facebook status from \married\ " to \ " widowed\ " . I'm scared . FML\ 
can you make countdowns on facebook like you could on myspace ? 
has chameleon hair . I lightened it up , but now when ever I go outside it look red/ blonde/ a mix , but inside it doesn't look like i did a thing . This is highly frustrating ! 
AHH ! i just got back from a booking signing of Charlaine < PROPMALE > !!! I got all my favorites signed and now i have a complete autograph Harper Connelly series !!!!! I'm so happy ! 
I get to go see R-Jea this weekend !!!! 
wow so little time til school starts . I really want to go back , but I'm gonna miss my family . I hate summer !!! It's hot and unsettling . 
eight days !!! 
I know my parents told me never to wish away my life ... but I wish it was August 3 . then i would be leaving for MSMS !!!! Senior YEAR !!! 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? ( Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get ) ( I'm just curious ) 
wonders why ppl post vague comments that no one understands . 
Well i'm just depressed . today mom and i found a year old pit bull mix , but we couldn't keep her because our dogs didn't get along with her and she terrified < PROPFEMALE > ( my dog ) . So we had to call the pound to pick her up . it just kills me because she seemed like such a sweet dog . luckily it is a no kill shelter that will never put a dog down just cuz they aren't adopted !!! 
i really stinks to realize that you have grown up when other people haven't kinda makes growing up a < PROPMALE > bummer . =( 
has a car !!!!!!!! 
... 
Rawr ! 
YES ! i got a new ipod for christmas ! now i have a hold button again ! and I can actually shut it off ! 
D*&@ ! I hate the ACT . 
is \skinship\ " even a word ? " 
