bored and tired 

wondering about school and snow and life in general 
so depressed i dont know what to do anymore 
Still Somewhat Depressed but I'm Doing Better now having an ok week so far need to relax more I'm too tense hahaha 
ohhh so bored 
DEADLIEST WARRIOR IS BACK for Blood and also New Blood ! YEAH !!! 
Well just finished filling out an appilication for Untied Dairy Farmers for Fairborn/Enon , Ohio hope things will go my way this time haha 
I don't know what to do anymore , seems like no matter how close i get something keeps me away from her 
Mock the Week : Bad things to say at a wedding ; Don't worry the vows are simply just repeat after me Inminymackarackarareraidonamackachickabockalollpopaompompush 
Life is fuuny sometimes , but if you look close enought you find hope : in the words of children , in the bars of a song , and in the eyes of someone you love ... And if you're lucky enough that person decides to love you back 
< ('o'<) ^( ' -' )^ ( > ‘o’) > v ( ‘ . ’ ) v < (' . ' ) > DON\T FEAR THE PINK THE PINK WILL TAKE OVER THE WORLD !!! " 
SPAIN SPAIN SPAIN ! 
i see the world from a different point of view then most other people so too keep myself sane i act insane 
At Wright State for the week will be back in Friday at 4pm 
ok today was the best day i have had at wright state all week . i got to see a lab table get set on fire , i disected a shark and i pulled the DNA out of strawberries 
My friend Will has new baby Kittens . born last night at around 12:30 am 
WOOT BONFIRE TONIGHT ! 
Is something nothing or is nothing something ? 
Nothing is Certain and everything is possible 
< PROPFEMALE > is a bitch ... 
People need to calm down and look at the world around them . 
King : You there send word to your master that we need more time . \ 
Assassin : your time is up\ 
Next Morning :\ 
Good morning < PROPFIRST > . I see the assassins have failed . ( again ) 
\No Funny Business or I will shoot to kill\ " \ 
If you're brave , copy this to your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) crazy . ( 2 ) wish we went out . ( 3 ) talkative . ( 4 ) sarcastic . ( 5 ) beautiful . ( 6 ) lovable . ( 7 ) adorable . ( 8 ) strong . ( 9 ) dumb . ( 10 ) pretty . ( 11 ) spoiled . ( 12 ) mouthy . ( 13 ) wild . ( 14 ) goofy . ( 15 ) funny . ( 16 ) awesomely awesome . ( 17 ) amazing . ( 18 ) best friend . ( 19 ) u ... gly . ( 20 ) mean . ( 21 ) i love . 
This is going to a great week-end HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! 
Tonight is going to be a great night 
Watching the Lord of the Rings Trilogy 
Well this night can't get any worse my Grandfather is going to the hospitle ... 
Well this is not good . Grandfather has had 3 pints of blood in 72 hours ... \ 
why is this week so bad for me ? 
Nothing is certain , everything is possible . 
Just got AC Brotherhood . the game is awesome 
In CT for the next few days . 
Leaving for home in the morning 
Finally got the Multimedia video filmed , now time to edit it tomorrow 
Who would win in a fight Pirates or Robots ? 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status 
With the roads like they are there is a REALLY GOOD < PROPMALE > of us not having school tomorrow 
' I don't want meditation i want ass kicking'\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Lopez 
Ugh my grnadfather is going to get a brain scan today ... 
How can today get any worse my grandfather is in the hospital because he tried to eat metal peices of a sink , last night he tried to burn the house down because he was bored and wanted a fire . then the other day he tried to OD on sleeping pills ... 
There is a way to get < PROPMALE > to stop creeping on your fb < PROPFEMALE > 
Two hour Delay .... 
Chinese food+Mexican food = ?? 
No school or Two hour delay ? Vote NOW !!!! 
Damn lost power last night , though got it back around 3:00 am 
Haven't been to school since monday ... 
Going for a Psyciological Test tomorrow ... 
Ahh Raman Noodles and a Pepsi 
Just got back from Winterfest . Had an awesome time with My girlfriend Mikala . And before anyone asks no i did not dance . people tried . 
Pandemic 2 is a great game if you have about 3-4 hours to kill 
Got a riddle for anyone who thinks they can solve it . You are in a steel room with no doors or windows . in the center of the room there is a table and laying on the table is a chainsaw . how do you get out ? you can not kill yourself to get out 
Jean-Paul Sartre once said : Hell is other people . 
One of the hardest songs for me to get out of my head is Heart of Rock & Roll by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and the News . This song has been playing in my head all day ... 
Fight Club is a messed up movie but it's still funny and great 
