Okay . I give up finding a picture of me . But i like these flowers 

Just came back from my own little torture session . Going to Polish School on Saturday should be a criminal offense . 
Curling < PROPFEMALE>'s ( sis ) hair for her party . 
I got Chocolate Pie with my name on it !! Be jealous people . Pie and chocolate are good ! 
Just came home from the mall . It was so much fun . 
I changed my pic . Happy < PROPFEMALE > ? 
No more distractions . I've got to finish this essay . 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are going to Russia !! Be jeolous ! 
I just relieved my traumatic childhood expirience . Stupid big scarey russian guys ..... 
I decided to finish my notes tonight and plan out my elgin essay . Then I will finish the extended responce tomorrow during history . 
Be happy that you only have to play 1 instrument . Stupid notes and instruments .... 
I know what I want for Christmas ! Books ! Books ! And oh yeah , BOOKS !! I am such a nerd 
I'm sick and at home . I wish i can just read a book but nooooooo school is calling and I have to finish my homework . Stupid English . snd Science . 
hmm ... I'm gonna start homework ... and then do something productive . Probably my commentary . Why can't this be easy like the memoir ??? 
I fell off the chair ... twice . Stupid chair . 
Was confirmed today . Sat through 2 hours of church and then when out to eat . Fun 
On my parent's computer . My sister won't let me go onto her computer . Neither will my brother and my labtop is broken . Crap 
I know what I want for Christmas !!! 
I'm gonna attempt to read Hamlet again . This time I will not fall asleep . At least I'll try not to .... 
Stupid History . I have stay up again . Whatever 
Piano teacher is pissed at me . Have tons of homework . * Sigh * better start working . 
I gotta my labtop !! 5th one . I broke the other 4 ... 
hahahahahahahahahahaha ... ha 
Gonna start homework . * sigh * 
I was in MLIA and found this : Today in the middle of my Spanish class a girls bag started making a loud noise Thinking it was a phone , my teacher asked to have it . She dug through her bag and handed him a singing pickle . MLIA My reaction ? Funniest . Thing . Ever & I laughed for 10 minutes straight . I know , I'm sad . 
I spent the last hour learning the < PROPFEMALE > Mountain Song from < PROPFIRST > the Unicorn . I now know it by heart . I regret nothing . 
I was playing 20 quesations online . It asked me if the person i was thinking of was obnoxious . I said yes . It immadiately said \Is this person < PROPFEMALE > Song ? \ " Im happy to know that the internet knows who is obnoxious and not . ( They didnt guess who it was . lol ) " 
I found my new favorite book and I'm happy . I realize that i am a nerd . 
Is it too late to ask for a Christmas present ?? 
Did you know when someone is annoying you it takes 42 muscles to frown but only 4 to move your arm and smack them ? Interesting Fact 
100 bottles of milk on the wall , 100 bottles of milk , take one down pass it around 99 bottles of milk on the wall .... ( lol ) 
Hey Arjele .. I gotta question ..... 
It took me a while to find the question < PROPFIRST > on the keyboard . My hand was covering it when I was pressing the shift . Smart < PROPFIRST > . 
I skipped 6 weeks of piano . That has to be a record . An amazing record . Do you think my instructor/teacher will be mad ??? 
I get mint cookies . Be jealous . 
I just freaked because I thought the SAT testing thing was tomorrow . My room is now a mess . * sigh * 
Omg , Who remembers Catscratch from Nichelodean ?! Anyway , I finished my Polish homework . I know , I shouldnt procrasinate but if you were me you would try to put off till its absolutely nessessary . 
Im happy . Like really happy . :D 
97% of people would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Pattison ( < PROPFIRST > Cullen from Twilight ) standing on top of a sky scraper , about to jump . If you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating pop corn screaming \DO A FLIP ! \ " then copy and paste this on your profile . ~~~~~" 
I wanna a pen pal 
I did the Coke and Menots Expirement thing . It was awesome ! 
Everyone is < PROPFEMALE > grown up ! 
wait ... are we AP students or are we just gifted ? cause now i'm really confused . 
I'm home and i'm not gonna procrasinate and I will start my homework now . 
Just came home . What's for science again ? 
Really really really tired . I hate science . And i really hate that we had to finsih that whole packet tonight . 
{ x } study for reading { } begin lab report . { } T-3 Spiral & portfolio . Anything I missed ? 
Today was interesting 
< PROPFEMALE > is gambling !!!! And her best friend is the calculator !! 
At the library with < PROPFEMALE > . 
They told us that we would get the letters at the end of Januray and the beginning of February . Now they are saying the middle of Febuary . 
Hmm ... I'm bored . 
At the library again . 
Someone plz come to the library . Poplar Creek . Its boring . 
My sister just asked me the colors of the rainbow . I recited them for her . She then proceded to call me a nerd and says \What person memorizes the colors of a rainbow ? \ " I said people that gradated < PROPMALE > in 1st grade . I think I won . " 
Editing our Lab Report . It gets so boring after you stare at it for a while .. 
It seems like everyone is getting accepted into the academies .... ( and thats a good thing , i guess . ) 
Guess what I'm listeing to ! Mozart ! yup be jealous . i will get to sleep faster than you guys now . 
I am in a very good mood , surprisingly . 
Still am in a very good mood . 
diction means word choice right ?? 
My favorite quote about driving ever : Please drive carefully , heaven can wait . LMAO 
I told my mom that on the letter that informs about a test i am taking tomorrow , it says to relax the night before . I told my mom that making chocolate chip cookies helps me relax . Guess what i am doing for the next hour ! I love testing . 
Was at the library . Best Saturday Ever . I got free food , free books , and a coloring book . And I found that you should not swear or you will get scolded by a librarian . Lol 
I hope we have a snowday tomorrow . I really just wanna stay home and just hangout . Plz let us have a snow day , school districe u-46 people . 
I bought a juice . I just realized it say 15% juice on the side where the nutrition facts are . So what is the other 85% ? Water ? 
My foot fell asleep in math , so I couldnt turn in my test . < PROPFEMALE > turned it in for me , Mr. Mclear laughed . 
My sweater looks like a skittle bag puked all over it . It literally looks like there is a rainbow on it except its like pok-a-dotted . * sigh * 
Pie is good . 
Who is staying up till midnight tonight to finish homeowork ?? 
I think i might start on my math homework . 
arent all circles congruent ? 
I hate math . I love itunes . 
I feel like crap . 
Where is everyone hearing that teachers are getting fired ?!?! 
I < PROPFIRST > a pacman doodle on my math homework . It looks awesome . 
Aladdin was really good . 
Going to Florida ... have a good spring break people !!! 
Going to Busch Gardens tomorrow . fun fun fun . 
I'm home . Just came back from Florida . :) 
No one should get up at 5 am after going to sleep at 2 . Tired 
I am startin my essay now . And it will be horrible ... 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
It's freaken pouring rain and my windows were open . My carpet is all wet . 
I have learned something new . In the phillapines ( please excuse my spelling ) , summer vaction starts in march and goes to june . Lol 
I gotta questions . You know how we have to do that Independent Project thing ? Which topic : Chocolate or Psychology ? 
Finished my homework before 11 . that my friends is a miracle . 
I hate history 
LALALALALALALALA . Im bored , so I guess I should start on that History spotlight project . :P 
Homework . :p 
Watching \The men who stare at goats\ " . lol " 
when is the reading test on vietnam ?? 
FLYERS WIN !!! YES !!! 
Bored . 
Fun time at the doctors . I learned to eat before u get a shot . 
Best day at the mall . Btw , < PROPFEMALE > , my mom said she'll buy me the painting . Lmao 
My neighbors have the genius idea of setting off fireworks and sparklers . Fun fun 
In chicago . Bored as hell . 
Happy Fathers Day . My father is at work so yeah .... We arent celebrating . Yeah life's a bitch . 
Got a ton of shots . My arms hurt now .. 
16 hours of work . And 50 pgs of instructions later . We finally finished the playground . 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
Dentist and then piano . not fun . 
My neighbors are annoying . Today is July 3 not July 4 . Stop with the damn fireworks . 
At the library . 
Playing in the rain is fun .. especially when ur kinda sick . Im genius . 
I love the rain and storms . :) 
Finished the book thief . Now i have to write the assignment . :P 
I was at a baptism , and I dropped my phone in champainge . Now it refuses to turn on . Shit . 
Orientation was fun . 
My feet are killing me . Tennis match from 3-8 . :) 
Going to Chicago . :P 
if you believe in Jesus Christ , put this on your wall . Do not just ignore this . In the Bible it says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of My Father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it put this ... on your wall 
Its raining . :) 
I hate studying for history . 
Won our tennis match against east < PROPFEMALE > . Fun . :) 
We won our match again . Against Elgin Academy . It was < PROPFEMALE > cold ..... And < PROPFEMALE > was awesome . :) 
I hate homework . :P 
i like it on my desk . 
Powderpuff was fun :) 
I really hate being sick . and tea . 
Cai , < PROPFEMALE > Tang , < PROPFEMALE > Dorda , & < PROPFEMALE > Weaver are all at my house . Homecoming . :) 
Homecoming was fun & awesome ... 
I killed my bamboo plant . Apparently I haven't watered it in 2 weeks .... 
I am a damn idiot . 
< PROPFEMALE > corn . :) 
History Notes ..... Icky .. 
What was the extra credit for science about ? 
