Popesicles ! 

all I gotta say is this ... or , maybe it was that ... hmmm man im glad im me and not ... someone other than me . Thats it 
zis is exciting there are animalcules in my toilet water ! 
Dude our swiss cheese has cells its awesome :-) 
Two people in two days ... I'm Thinking the spiders are massing for an invasion quickly fetch me musket and get me a coffee IV Stat ! 
I am enjoying ... the comfy chair whilst commiting my mathematical sins 
Math can be fun ... professor < PROPMALE > brought some interesting < PROPFIRST > to class yesterday . Check out Usdebtclock.org National debt as of 9:10 this morning when I checked it was are you ready ? 13,500,871,592,291 . 059 AND Climbing ! thats 13.5 trillion . the US population is 307,006,550 for every man woman child . which means WE are all liable for $ 43,975 . 842 This is debt for our children and our children's children . 
homework's done brain is dead but its too early to go to bed . my stomach wants to be fed . also Friends don't let friends eat 8 layer cassarole . 
Everyday spent with you is like having a cesarean section ! 
I am in the market for a good cerberus to watch my house anyone know where to find one these days ? JKing 
Honestly I've slightly disappointed I was hoping to divide the houses and create a new house like gryiffinpuff or slytherclaw . 
Is very happy he went fishing yesterday :-) 
Is sad ... because I forgot to wear purple this morning ... : -U :-( but I have a purple hat :-D 
Is kind of glad to confirm what i've always know lol . 
Rain I am enthusiastic about it 
Is happy 
I have an idea ... go out and by some round up then proceed to spray your neighbors lawn . come back into your yard and bam you HAVE PROVEN the grass isn't always greener on the other side :-) 
Thank you to everyone for wishing me happy birthday and I gotta say it was pretty darn good 
Wishing for a food synthesizer machine That would be a dream come true ! Come on 22nd century I'm starving today ! 
So pleased that tomorrow is the last day of school . :-) Then its on the road again \ 
Sing it < PROPFIRST > 
Poops man ... delay on the Uhaul and I'm so tired I feel like my eyes have been pricked with needles . At least its not freezing rain :-) And School is over from now until Next Year ! 
Coffee is the life force that allows me to deal with mornings and stray cats in my garbage . Thank you coffee 
So glad to have moved :-) Yesss ! So sad the speakers in my cabinet are dying :-( Noooo ! 
nothing like living to remind you you're still alive 
The test results are in and I don't have to get 13 shots in my stomach so I am happy ! 
