we lost our last soccer game :( 

took a bath 
is doing math 
is going to c ice age 
leaving 4 Florida tomorrow morning 
leaving 4 ohio 
ran a mile and 1/4 in 8 < PROPFEMALE > 30 sec 
alek is leaving 4 camp next fri 
just played Beatles rockband 4 an hour and 40 < PROPFEMALE > 
is going to bed 
put m/ms on his nachos :) 
cant be in cross country any more this year :( :( :( :( 
bored 
just biked to Festival and buyed mr. < PROPMALE > some twixx 
there canceling the schools Costa Rica trip !!!! 
sick :( 
sawed a glass blowing thingy 
aj hugged < PROPFIRST > Driver !!!!! 
getting bottom braces tommorow morning :( 
first middle school dance ... i flailed my arms and legs in an explosion of floppy passion 
is angry at school 4 waiting until its too late 4 me to go back to bad to tell me I can sleep in 
yo nesesito vacas 
i'm reading The Cube 
I just got < PROPFIRST>'s present , but he aint on so i cant tell him about it :( 
just opend my xmas presents 
club de eski manana 
wants more people to play Geo Challenge 
oww i fell when i wuz skiing 
I found out about the little house icon thing between where it says facebook and home and now it is the only way i get home 
ugggh im sick today :( 
u ? op ? p ? sdn ? d ?? o ? ? o ? p ? u ??? l 
just got bak from the library 
we won battle of the books ! 
im at the library ! 
just got back from the library 
we lost our soccer game :( 
beat my mom at Scrabble 
no more soccer camp :( 
i failed at salsa dancing 
HUMANITIES WUZ < PROPFEMALE > MUCH FUN 
boredome the < PROPFEMALE > for < PROPFEMALE > s 
playin tetris 
taught my brother how to solve a Rubik's cube 
cant wait 4 the < PROPMALE > potter weekend on abc family 
< PROPFIRST>'s clothes fit me !!!!! 
is having a slumber party in my basement 
jioned a cult 
just got back from canoeing 
do squids have butts ? 
does not think geometry is hard 
Do you people have nothing better to do than be on facebook ? 
is going to ace the next spanish test 
< PROPMALE > I AM OFFICIALLY BREAKING UP WITH U ...... ON FACEBOOK 
who doesnt love having soccer practice at 9 in the mornin with only 4 other guys 
2 little known facts : 1 the world looks much prettier through a giant < PROPFEMALE > . 2 most unicorn summoning incantations dont work 
is a profesional alligator drawer 
home sick :( 
If a robot is doing the robot , is it still doing the robot or just dancing ? 
estoy enamorado de la nieve 
You could win a fabulous prize ! all you need to do is name this song from these 9 words : If you cut me i suppose i would bleed . 
cheer up and dry your damp eyes and tell me when it rains\ 
and i'll blend up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins 
Snowball fight ! 
the world would be terrible without Facebook . If there was no facebook it would be a lot harder to stand out like being really good at an instrument or getting the highest grades in your class because everyone who isnt completely serious about something is too busy doing this on Facebook to practice(intrument/sport ) , and kids who are addicted to Facebook generally rush through their homework to do things on Facebook . 
has anyone else noticed how slaughter is just laughter with an s infront 
my house has been invaded by sixth graders 
Reputation is an idle and most false imposition ;\ 
oft got without merit , \ 
and lost without deserving\ 
-- Othello ( Iago , Act 2 , scene 3 ) 
Is it possible to be an insomniac with narcolepsy ? 
Band/chorus concert ! 8th grade band was the best if I do say so myself 
Best ski club yet ! Yo esquí como < PROPFEMALE > avé 
< PROPMALE > I blame you for my addiction to Minecraft 
Is letting petr play minecraft hopefully he dies and gets frustrated soon so I can play 
has anyone else noticed how lol looks like a man drownding or it could be a man dancing or the absolute value of zero i can be cynical happy and mathmatical 
has anyone ever heard of the band sky sailing ? if you have send me a message . actually send me a message dont comment on this cus then people will just copy what you say . seventh graders im asking you guys as well not just the eighth graders 
Let's spend the afternoon in a cold hot air balloon 
please excuse the pun its hair today gone tomorrow so be thankful for what precious locks you have 
I'm being stalked by seventh graders 
Not only am I being stalked by sevies I'm also being stalked by Einstein eighth grade 
I get my braces off in 2 months 
Watching Iron Man 
How come flies fly but elephants don't elephant ? 
Pretend your not alone like you are center stage on broadway \ 
Cus when you're on your own a little opera goes a long way 
I am the captain of an oil tanker that travels through your veins 
Feild trip today ! 
Watching < PROPMALE>'s Declassifed School Survival Guide while eating dinner . Life doesn't get much better than this 
Beware , commies , spies , traitors , and foreign agents ! Captain < PROPFEMALE > , with all loyal , free men behind him , is looking for you . \ 
-Captain < PROPFEMALE > 
SKI CLUB TODAY 
The seaweed Is always greener in somebody else's lake 
Well ski club was pretty awesome , but I have to say my opinion might be slightly influenced by the fact that the night befor I had a dream in which I died during the trip and I am currently alive 
I'll be out of my mind and you'll be out of ideas pretty soon so let's spend the afternoon in a cold hot air balloon 
Take me somewhere nice to some tired island in your heart called paradise 
Does anyone have a rainbow Afro wig I could borrow ? 
If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining because I've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining 
Is baking cookies 
Today I came to the conclusion that revenge is comforting . Now you maybe be asking yourself , \ Self how did he come up with this conclusion ? \ " well I will tell you . Many people say revenge is a dish best served cold and many others say revenge is sweet so I concluded that revenge is ice-cream which is a comfort food " 
I would just like to say I love my new picture 
We're both gonna wake up soon so we hope that tomorrow brings us our butterfly wings 
Circle me and the needle moves gracefully back and forth if my heart was a compas you'd be north risk it all Cus I'll catch you if you fall where ever you go if my heart was a house you'd be home 
I would like to say that the garden burgers at Red < PROPFIRST>'s are amazing 
I know this whole things wrong but baby we're invincible 
4n6 today 
Forensics was pretty awesome we gotted an a a+ a 
Wow there are a lot of posts about the packers winning so I think I will follow suit THE PACKERS WON 
Some say music is the food of love I consider it the food of life 
Are you out there where the rainy days begin to feel rather sad and the walls are closing in like the darkness around me \ 
It so hard to look away when the day light doesn't ever stay above this dull apartment veiw 
If electricity come from electrons does morality come from morons ? 
I have found the answer to the chicken and the egg question the egg obviously came first because dinosaurs laid eggs and dinosaurs came before chickens 
Open your eyes and see your eyes are open 
Well I know not very many of you knew him but I feel the need to share my pain with you guys . Today I found out one of my closest companions is dead , so this is for you Geofory you were better at math than any person I know . 
Is everybody ready for hug a tall person day on Friday ? 
I was gonna post this on Monday because it was the day that it happened but I said to myself , \Self you posted a lo today give your loving fans a break . \ " so anyway a couple Mondays ago my friend's little brother alerted me to the fact that I have extream facial dots syndrome this monday he told me it had been reduced to mild facial dots syndrome " 
