< PROPFIRST > and I are studying :) LALALALALALALALALA study study study study . :) :) 

Off to take the mdlp government final ! Wish me luck ! :) 
Woop woop . Done with mdlp !! :) 
1 more day ! Then off to Europe ! :) 
Heading to Europe tomorrow for 16 days . Be back on July 6 :) :) 
Just got home from Europe late last night . I am really glad to be home but the trip was freaking awesome !!! :) 
Just got glasses . They are weird , like , I am see everything now !! Haha 
Awesome job at the leadership retreat guys !! We got a lot accomplished , now it is time to start applying it !! Get excited ! Band camp in 4 days !! Thank you all for your help ! 
Band Camp . T-Minus 10 hours and counting . * Clap in tempo * then * everyone scrambles * then * The season has started * 
We are doing stretches in a time machine tomorrow everyone ! Get ready for some sweet songs ! 
Just got a haircut from < PROPFIRST>'s dad and now I am getting ready for church ! 
Really really hot day at band camp . But we got a lot done . Tomorrow should not be nearly as bad ! :) 
Good day today at camp . The show is sounding good for the first day ! 
If anyone wants the recording of the last run through of the < PROPFEMALE > Trek opener today send me an email ! Twince1126@aol.com 
rearranging my room :) < PROPFIRST > said she would come over to help but I am starting without her haha :) I am excited . I like change . 
One more awesome day at band camp ! I am excited . It has been an great two weeks and this years band is looking and sounding great ! Thank you all for your help and thank you to the band for being so cooperative , and frankly , just awesome ! I am proud of you 
Awesome job at the Band BBQ guys ! Really great job these past two weeks . You guys are doing a really superb job ! I am proud of all of you and proud to be a leader to a great group of my peers . Thank you ! 
Really bummed that the application to U of A isn't out yet . So I just finished the application to ASU and submitted that . So yeah . One down , like , who knows how many more to go . 
Anyone know anything about these teachers ? < PROPFIRST > , R . Bonham , K . Turley , J . Buffington , S . 
applying to U of A . Lots of essays in this application . 
Finished typing the U of A personal statement . Now time to revise it , and then all I have to do is work on my 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper for Europe . Gah , college . 
Just hit the send button on the U of A application . And my ASU application is already in and being reviewed so we will see !! 
First morning practice tomorrow ! woot woot . Make sure you all take your Enterprising Young Men music out to the field with you ! 
Lots of fun with < PROPFIRST > and her family at dinner and with < PROPFIRST > afterward ! Good way to end the week :) 
Had fun with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > today ! Frisbee golf Friday !! Woop woop . :) 
Working out is the stuff man . I have gained 5 pounds in a week ! 100% pure muscle ! Gun show tickets are now available ! 
50 cent coffee at dunkin donuts all week and prizes ! I am up at 545 anyway , might as well get up 15 minutes early to get coffee :) 
Not feeling so well ... Going to the doc on Saturday , we will see . It's all good though :) It is what it is right ? 
Just saw Inglorious Bastards ... I dunno if it was good or not . It was like 2 and a half hours and was very ... interesting . 
Hanging out with Gray before class at 4:25 . Kinda nervous but excited :) 
First game tomorrow !! Super nervous but really excited :) We will do awesome !! Thanks for all the hard work guys . Lets make tomorrow's show amazing ! 
Would you take this one from Barrack Obama ? Hahaha 
Long day . I love you all . Don't forget it . 
MARCHING BAND : If it is raining tomorrow night we will wear jeans and our black RM shirts instead of the uniform . WE WILL GO TO THE GAME NO MATTER WHAT . Please help get this around . Also , be prepared to go outside in the mud tomorrow . I will let ya know if I hear anything different . 
I have decided I wanna do marching band at U of A . haha . I really really want to ! I am excited now :) 
Open up my life ... To do your will . 
The drill we are setting tonight for the ballad is really slick . It looks really sweet :) 
Exhausted . Thank God for Wednesday's 
iTunes 9.0 = sweet ! 
First Home game tomorrow ! Should be pretty awesome :) Everyone ought to come 
Bummed that we couldn't surprise Wedge tonight but that's okay . It was worth the effort 
Tomorrow is a new day with new challenges :) Not the best show tonight but its the worst one we will have all season and it is only going up from here !! Thanks for sticking it out and coping with the weather guys . See ya tomorrow ! :) Be ready to get some work done . 
Applying to the Pratt Institute . Really selective Architecture school , we will see :) 
Good job symphonic band !! I was impressed by the way it sounded . 
Thank you for a great rehearsal and thank you for those who stayed and helped put away put carts . We are gonna try and make a team that will do that everyday so we can have pit out there the full length of rehearsal so if anyone can do that let me know 
Symphonors is gonna be legit :) 
Awesome job at the game guys !! It went super well :) Now we gotta gotta kick some brass tomorrow at Mesquite !! 
Congrats to the band on getting an excellent and qualifying for state !! Great job today ! I am proud of you all :) 
Gonna learn Baritone so I can audition to march for the academy :) :) 
T-minus 11 hours 49 minutes 35 seconds to < PROPFEMALE > impact . 
Heading off to Illinois in the morning !! :) Should be fun 
OVERTIME !!!! HOLY CRAP THIS IS STRESSFUL !!!!! GO < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
Just chillin out today . I am in Indy with my grandma and grandpa and mom . I think we are getting pizza tonight . Maybe White Castle on the way home :) 
Flying home from IL today ! Gonna miss it but it will be nice to get outta the rain and the cold weather ! :) 
< PROPMALE > Broncos = 6 wins and 0 losses . San < PROPMALE > Chargers = 2 wins and 3 losses . Boo ya baby ! 
Worried .... 
Just called DirecTV and we were able to upgrade to an HD DVR for free !! Sweet !! I will be able to watch House now after class :) 
I don't like this new Live Feed and News Feed thing . What is the difference ? I don't get it . 
Going to the Nitro Funny Car races with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Awesome show tonight ! Long day tomorrow so gonna get some rest :) Awesome job guys !!! 
No Shave November . Who is in ? 
Tonight's rehearsal was awesome guys !! If we really want to see the championships on the 14th , and we work hard , we should be able to find ourselves there . 
I wanna start a blog . What should I make it about and write about everyday ? 
State Today . Top Ten , here we come !!! :) 
Happy B-Day to my great predecessor Dodi , and the forever noob McCoy !! 
Started training for The Academy yesterday . Man was I sore today but I just got back from running and now moving onto the rest of the workout ! 
Extremely Excited for tomorrow . :) We perform at 4pm if anyone would like to come ! It is at Phoenix College 
Red Mountain High School Marching Pride is the #5 band in the state !! Congratulations guys !! :) Awesome awesome season ! 
Facebook Trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , enter key then right click . Then press up then down & magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! 
Just beat COD : MW2 . It was pretty short ... oh well . Still a good game ! 
Sitting in class . Don't wanna do my work .... That's okay . I have lots done . little to do . 
Doing Work for class .... Kinda boring but I am glad to get it done and see this coming together FINALLY 
** MARCHING BAND ** THERE IS NO PRACTICE TOMORROW OR NEXT WEEK !! ENJOY THE WEEK OFF AND HAVE AN AWESOME BREAK ! 
Everyone is freaking out about the fire at school . It wasn't that bad , the curtains are probably ruined and maybe the stage charred but it wasn't all that big . We just had to evacuate and chill while they got all the smoke outta the performing arts building . Eventful night :) Haha . Glad everyone is safe though . 
Quote from < PROPFIRST > - \Ty !! No more of those onion things again ever !! \ " hahahaha :) Love her ! " 
Just arrived in < PROPMALE > ! Chillin in the hotel room using the free wifi :) maybe going down to the 16th street mall later . :) 
Excited for the game today !! :) And we are going to Duffy's < PROPFEMALE > Cricket for lunch :) 
About to get on the plane back to Phoenix . It's flippin early ... 
I am now officially a registered voter . Party affiliation - Republican . :) woot woot !!! 
Finishing up the food right now :) Thank you all for your birthday wishes and I hope you all have a really awesome Thanksgiving ! Don't forget what it is really about and tell your family you are thankful for them ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
No One knows what it's like to be the to be bad man . To be the sad man , Behind Blue Eyes 
Just woke up after sleeping since 8:30 . Wow I was tired ! Good trip though :) Gad lots of fun ! 
what should I ask for for Christmas this year ?? I can't think of anything I want !! 
Going to print my project for the class Grayden Baker , < PROPMALE > Berrey and I are in at MCC ! Glad I am finally done ! 
GO < PROPMALE > !!! They are back in it !! Come on , Hold them and give them the first loss of the season ! 
Hmm .... Should I go to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > on Wednesday at lunch ?? What do you think ? 
Bunion = suck . I go friday to see what the foot doctor says we are gonna do . We will see :) 
Done with Finals . Woop woop ! Just chillin :) Doctor tomorrow ... We will see what he says . 
Last day with a good foot for a while ... :/ 
Hardback writer ( Hardback writer)Dear Sir or Madam , will you read my book ? It took me years to write , will you take a look ? It's based on a novel by a man named Lear . And I need a job , so I want to be a Hardback writer , Hardback writer . 
Owww , owww , owww , owww , owww . that is all i have to say 
On my way to church to play in the quartet :) I learned how to walk without crutches !! YAY :) haha 
Record player is up and running . The first album played .... < PROPMALE > Mangione's Feels So Good !! 
Bandage being changed tomorrow !!! woot woot :) I am ready for a new one ! 
OH !! and < PROPFIRST > and I have been dating for a year tomorrow !!! :) :) :) She is amazing ! Happy Anniversary baby :) 
\You're supposed to be all romantic and cute because it's our anniversary . But you just keep farting ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Sanders :) hahaha " 
Awards for the banquet on Thursday have been chosen and printed ! :) 
Is 100% convinced now that we have a ghost in our house . It is a friendly ghost though ! Doesn't mean any harm , just kinda does whatever it wants ! It's cool . 
Thinking about going to Haiti this summer to help with the relief effort after everything has called down . Anyone wanna try and make it a cool group thing ?? 
The < PROPFEMALE > special election is looking awesome !!! 63% are reported and Brown is winning 53% to 46% :) :) :) YESSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!! 
Go < PROPFIRST > Brown !! Now lets kill healthcare and force Obama to start doing the right things in Washington . ( well , or even do ANYTHING in Washington . So far he has done basically nothing . ) 
You want to help the hunger crisis around the world , then check out these statistics : Number of people worldwide who will die as a result of malnutrition this year : 20 million Number of people who could be adequately fed if we reduced our meat intake by 10% : 100 million Seem silly still ?? Think about it . Love animals , Don't eat them . Go Vegetarian . 
Got a job at Sears today !! Pretty excited to start working again . :) Should be legit . Also , I leave tomorrow for U of A :) cool as well . And also , I get my boot off on Sunday , freaking awesome ! And also Early Release next week . Good as well . :) 
New iPad is pretty cool !! Might have to get one now that I have a job to make some money . haha 
Going over to < PROPFIRST>'s :) 
Just got home from the Bold & Fresh tour ! Loved it !! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are both hilarious and did a great show ! 
Regionals = suck . Wow ... Not pleased at all ... I now remember there is a good reason why I haven't done this thing in so long . 
No school at all tomorrow = awesome 
Just ordered a Bonsai tree . I am pretty stoked ! Won't lie . 
Life doesn't get much better than this :) 
Anybody got a longboard they are willing to sell to me ? I am trying to find one ... 
Found a sweet longboard . Well ... actually 2 for 120 bucks !! I have to drive an hour but it's worth it ! 
About to get on a plane and go to Florida :) See you all when I get back !! 
Misses < PROPFIRST > a lot :( :( 
I am working with < PROPMALE > Smith who is running for AZ Representative of the 6th district ( Our district ) in the fall . We are trying to stop the health reform < PROPMALE > that is going through right now and get the power back in the hands of the American people , WHERE IT BELONGS , instead of in the hands of the Washington elite . I am frustrated beyond words with the U.S. government right now . 
“We need to find God , and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness . God is the friend of silence . See how nature - trees , flowers , grass - grows in silence ; see the stars , the < PROPFEMALE > and the sun , how they move in silence ... We need silence to be able to touch souls . ” - Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
Just got an email saying Greenpeace would like to have a phone interview with me on Friday at 11am . HOLY CRAP . I am super stoked and excited . This is a super big deal 
Anyone wanna go see Styx and Foreigner and Kansas in May ?? 
Too much emotions . I think negative emotion . Frustrations Hatred Anger I think that's the greatest obstacle . ~ Dalai Lama 
One day without shoes = awesome . Security didn't like it but I don't like them . Haha . We just avoided them and kept our shoes off . Thanks to everyone who participated !! 
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . Happiness never decreases by being shared . -Buddha 
Anyone wanna go climb tomorrow ? 
Get out your sewing kits ! We could see a 51st state coming on board ( against their will ) really soon . 
Went Climbing with < PROPFIRST > today . I am gonna be glad to take a break tomorrow before I hit the ropes again on Thursday or Friday . 
The Generous Mr. Lovewell loves today ! 
Climbing tomorrow at 3:00 at Phoenix Rock Gym , anybody can join us if you wanna climb . Just hit me up and let me know your coming ! 
Prom Prom Prom Prom Prom Prom Prom Prom Prom :) :) :) :) :) 
Prom was pretty awesome ! I had a super good time :) Now ... GRADUATION !!! Woot woot !!! < PROPFIRST > Sanders is the best prom date ever :) 
Climbing Climbing Climbing Climbing Climbing . Boom boom boom .... La la la la la la la la la la la la . Going ..... Climbing ..... To .... DAY !!!! WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT :) * music and lyrics by < PROPFIRST > Wince * 
Congrats to the softball team for winning state ! :) Rock Climbing tomorrow woot woot !! And Connor Wince is competing for the state championship in pole vaulting ! good luck bro ! 
Is everybody else voting tomorrow ? Vote YES on prop 100 :) :) 
Going climbing with < PROPFIRST > Sanders today :) Pretty stoked ! 
Just downloaded Google Chrome to see what all the hype is about . I love the simplistic design so far . There is basically nothing at the top of my < PROPFEMALE > . Kinda cool . 
Graduation is 1 week . In 168 hours from now , we will be sitting on the field watching our classmates graduate .... Wow ... It seems so surreal still .. 
I work today for the last time until I am a high school graduate !! woot woot 
2 days 65 hours 3942 minutes 236525 seconds . No matter what way you put it ... It's crazy how close we are to graduation . 
done with my physics final . super easy . took me like 15 or 20 minutes . just 1 class of high school left ! 
Done with school !!! Feels so awesome ! :) :) 
Dove and Love man ... dove and love 
Alrighty people ! The Facebook Protest has begun here in about 20 minutes . I am logging off and not getting on until Monday :) Peace out ! 
Work later today ... LAME 
\You may say I'm a dreamer\ 
Off to work .... 
Just got back from U of A orientation ! I like my schedule for next year . It's pretty sweet ! :) 
Anybody wanna play some Ultimate Frisbee with < PROPFIRST > Michalowski and me tomorrow or Thursday or Friday ?? Let me know ! 
Frisbee was a lot of fun ! Anyone who wants to do it again or just wants to do it for the first time . hit me up and we can plan a game 
\We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power . Then will our world know the blessings of peace . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Ewart Gladstone " 
The lawyer heading up the DOJ suit against AZ is a guy who defended terrorists at Guantanamo Bay ..... Uhm .... Really Obama ?? A guy who defends terrorists ? 
\Act as if what you do makes a difference . It does . \ " ~ William < PROPFIRST > " 
Had a sweet day climbing at Camelback and then crashing all day . I want my roommate assignment for U of A already though !! 
The Obama Stimulus plan costs $ 500,000 to create ONE job . ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME !? Give that money directly to the people and I guarantee you the economy will recover so quick you can't even say recession . 
< PROPFIRST > got footslapped ! :) 
Is so sick of the hate , lies and suffering . Can't we all just just love each other and get along and treat each other like human beings instead of rabid dogs ... 
Uhm ... U of A ... your late on your roommate info ... I wanna know . like .. NOW 
\The war against terrorism is terrorism . The whole thing is just bullshit ! \ " -Woody Harrelson " 
My roommates name is < PROPMALE > . Looks like a chill guy . 
Climbing today ? mhmmm :) 
U of A charges us a \Freshman Fee\ " hahaha . " 
Leaving to go to South < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow until August 1st :) Woot woot . pretty stoked !! 
Just got my first pair of Vibram Five Fingers . They are awesome !! I love them love them love them ! 
Rock Climbing Rock Climbing Rock Climbing Rock Climbing :) :) :) 
Had an awesome time at < PROPFIRST>'s with < PROPFIRST > Workinger . Good 2 days of climbing for sure ! We made good time coming back too . Got home at 2:48 , which is when we expected to be back . 
Getting really anxious to get moved down to U of A . :) :) 
Had a dope time climbing and talkin ' politics with < PROPMALE > . :) :) 
Today is kinda a lazy day . Just bumming around the house , getting stuff packed up and watching football reruns . 
All moved in at U of A and getting ready for bed . I already miss my family . I can tell I am gonna have so much fun though ! All my friends need to come down here and chill wit me . You can crash on my dorm floor ! haha . 
Just took my first community bathroom shower . And what did I forget ? A towel ... Not such a great start . 
First Day of College : \ 
Math 111 : Good\ 
Math 112 : Good\ 
ARC 101 : Gonna be rough but fun ! \ 
SPAN 102 : haha .... Studying here I come\ 
ENG 101 : Awesome teacher ! 
I am just listening to the audiobook that came with my spanish textbook so I can remember some of this stuff . haha 
First late night in the Architecture Studio ... here I come 
U of A offers a < PROPMALE > in Philosophy , Politics , Economics , and Law . Sounds pretty interesting and awesome ! 
Today has been a long day . But y'all should watch < PROPMALE > and mine's videos before you go to sleep ! They are pretty sweet . 
I hate WebAssign !! Stupidest program ever . 
Climbing was sick ... Now ... Homework ... Ugh . 
Got a 90% on my first college quiz . Good start I think ! haha 
Monday Monday , can't trust that day , Monday Monday , sometimes it just turns out that wayOh Monday morning , you gave me no warning of what was to be 
Web Browser Battles going on at the Egor Zinsli tonight 
Glad to be back in Tucson and get back to the swing of things . Miss my family already though . 
At a moment like this , I can't help but wonderWhat would < PROPFIRST > Buffett do ? 
When you were born , you cried and everybody else was happy . The only question that matters is this : When you die , will YOU be happy when everybody else is crying ? -- < PROPFIRST > Campolo 
Feeling confident for my first Spanish Test tomorrow ! Study group at 6 so that should help too 
Done with tests for today . Math112 went really well . Span102 . Not bad but not as well as I had hoped . We will see what happens . 
My hair is long enough to be in a ponytail . I think I look very philosophical with it in one . I kinda like it . 
Thinking I might want to study law ? 
Just finished Titanic . Gah , that movie gets me every time ! :') \ 
I hope we don't analyze the crap out of it tomorrow and ruin it . Prof Winslow seems to like over analyzation . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , Zach Castillo , and I are painting our chests for the U of A vs Iowa game tonight . Booya ! 
Got a 92% on my Math112 test . Pretty good :) 
82% on my Spanish !!! WOOT WOOT 
House M.D. season premier tonight ! We are having a party at my place ! 
Homework finished ! Woot woot . Now , I really hope this guy doesn't sell his bike from craigslist , cause I wanna buy it !!! 
Thank you to Prof Winslow for canceling class two days this week . It makes my friday that much better :) Except for that I still have to go to Math112 ..... yuck 
Weekend ! Oh ya ! 
Wow Cards . You got lucky !!! 
Might be getting a road bike today ! :) 
Just rode 22 < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > ! Nice way to start out a Sunday :) 
Bummer Bears 
Meh for laundry and homework . The week is half over though :) 
Indulging into some No Anchovies before I have to go to the studio to get my architecture work done for tomorrow 
\Are you on any drugs right now ? \ " \ 
Family Weekend :) :) Lots of homework though .... That's always lovely . 
First midterm now :) should do pretty well !! 
Super tired ... Arch studio at 8am then a spanish test at 11 ... arg ... 
Think I did pretty well on my Spanish test and I got an 87 on my Math112 midterm :) Good day I would say !! 
Biked 110 < PROPMALE > this weekend , and feeling amazing !! :) 
\What you see depends on what you're looking for . \ " -- Anonymous " 
TriCats ?? 
40 mph on a bike ?? Awesome ride tonight :) 
Start training with the TriCats on Tuesday morning 
Got my bike back :) YEAHHH . 
Monday , Monday ! 
Got an 83 on my first college essay :) Not too shabby . 
Just saw Due Date . Freakin hilarious movie !! 
Just rode A Mtn Upper Loop 3 times and now off to swim practice :) 
Date night with < PROPFIRST > tonight :) 
I feel like I could teach myself trig out of the book better than being in this 8am class 
\Many dedicated endurance athletes don't need to be told what to do-they need to be told what not to do . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Tinley " 
Just ran a little under 4 < PROPMALE > with at a 4:57 split . :) :) 
Sweet ride this morning ! Riding in the front of the peloton puts a whole new perspective on the shootout :) 
Phive pyöräily . 
Sweet swim workout tonight . Ready for bike intervals in the morning ! 
\Training is what you are doing while your opponent is sleeping in . \ " --- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
I want to ride my bicycle , I want to ride my bike :) 
Seriously ? You have 4 loads of laundry to do ? You need to do laundry more often . That is ridiculous . You know there are other people who need to do laundry too right ? 
Turkey Trot was good :) We all beat our goal times . Glad to be home for a restful Thanksgiving and family time :) 
Birthday was pretty awesome ! :) Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! It was nice to be home with my family for my birthday and thanksgiving :) 
Good to be back at U of A :) Can't wait til Christmas recess in 2 weeks though ! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas !! :) 
10 days ! 
\Obsessed is just a word the lazy use to describe the dedicated . \"" 
Bible . \ 
B . asic\ 
I . nstructions\ 
B . efore\ 
L . eaving\ 
E . arth 
Looking forward to the weekend ! Going on a nice long ride tomorrow morning . Then two essays to write over the two days . Should be nice and relaxing . 
Bald ? Almost :) 
Grayden Baker you are freaking nuts . 
Does anybody wanna buy a Math111 or Math112 book for cheap from me ?? 
ARGGG MATH I HATE YOU 
Math112 exam = cake . Done with that class . On to Math111 , which is gonna be a lot harder ... haha 
Just saw that we get to read 1984 in INDV103 next semester ! Freakin sweet :) That book is awesome ! 
Packing up the car and heading out at 8am to get back home for the holidays :) So stoked ! 
Getting ready to head back to Mesa :) Can't wait to get home ! 
Happy Anniversary < PROPFIRST > Sanders :) 
Zendejas ... Seriously man ? You've got one job on the team . Learn to do it right . Cause right now , you suck . 
I am really disappointed with how Tucson responded to President Obama's speech at the memorial service tonight . This isn't a rally , it's a memorial service for those who lost their lives and for those fighting to hold onto to theirs . 
11 sents of A-Mountain today ... man these recovery tights feel nice after that :) 
Buona notte ! Classe alle 9 di domani 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > invented the first tattoo pen . Interesting ... 
Run TT . :) Hope I am ready ... haha 
Sweet ride up the frontside of Gates Pass with Brennan < PROPMALE > tonight ! :) 
$26.47 for a BMC team jersey AND bibs . Too good of a deal to pass up . I needed another pair of bibs too . Thank you 2011 for making the 2010 < PROPFEMALE > so cheap :) 
Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > says it is going to be an early spring !! I freakin hope so cause it is really getting COLD . 
Interval Training with < PROPMALE > and Brennan < PROPMALE > in 26 degrees ? Yeah ... Probably wont happen again for a long while ... Way too cold . 
MY NUTRITION < PROPFEMALE > DOESN'T EVEN KNOW THE COURSE MATERIAL !!!! She is posting wrong information on D2L . GAHHH . 
Nutrition Test here in 50 minutes . Then working on an essay . Then Navnight , sleep and my parents come in the mañana :) YAY 
Inside on this beautiful Sunday because I have to write an English essay .... LAME . I wanna be out on my bicycle 
This Politics class is ridiculous . Help me ! 
Returning 3 tires that I don't use to performance so I can buy new Rotor Q-Rings from my coach ? I think so :) 
RA interview , here I come ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Bunches of Oats after a nice run with < PROPFIRST > = Delicious snack before bedtime :) 
Test #1 done ! Still 2 tests an essay and a project to go ! Gah ! I had midterms . 
Looking forward to seeing my family and getting to race on Sunday :) :) Should be awwwwwesommmmeee !! 
2 more online quizzes and my crazy week is over !! Then , time to go home :) 
Nice feeling when you have no homework on a Sunday night :) 
Sitting in English and it amazes me how many people think public argument is bad and we should leave it up to the politicians . Maybe Bauerlein was right .... Hmmm 
All registered for the UA Crit on Saturday . Anyone who is on campus and has nothing to do on Saturday at 2:15 should come see me and some other UA Tricats and Cycling guys win :) 
Just had some of the best BBQ in my life at Mr. K's . Mmmmmm 
Discovery has launched for the last time . :) 
Crit Racing = HARD 
I love extra credit opportunities that only take 20 minutes :) 
4th place at the UA crit ? I think so :) Woot woot ! 
Navs ride tomorrow ! 6:00 am . Y'all should come . all the cool kids are . 
Sweet ride today with Brennan < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Bouchard , and < PROPMALE > D . Looking forward to doing the shootout on Saturday with < PROPFEMALE > Owl and Brennan < PROPMALE > 
a swim practice tonight that was 225 yards short of an Ironman distance swim ... all I have to say is ... compression . I love you :) 
Religion of Islam midterm in 20 minutes ! Hopefully its not too hard . 
Anyone giving up anything for lent ?? 
2 more classes and I am home free to get off to break :) 
Who could deny BoBo's on a morn as great as this one ! 
Go Michigan !!!!!! 
Wow !! Way to go UA . What a game ! 
6 more week of school ... here is come ! 
Booo ... USA got 12th out of 18 in the Men's Team Sprint . Hopefully we get some better places in the next events at the Track Worlds ... 
Mount Lemmon ... [ insert a catchy demeaning phrase here ] 
Research Paper = Complete . 
I am taking a class next semester called REL304 . Its about \The Question of God\ " . Should be pretty sweet !! " 
Ha ! I love this !! \ 
\ 
President Obama : Energy Secretary < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > earned a Nobel prize in physics . \He actually deserved his Nobel prize . \"" 
Mmmm ... Delicious Crepes this morning with < PROPMALE > ! 
Hmmm Race start in 7 hours ... why am I awake ? 
Raceday is always awesome :) Especially when your girlfriend is waiting for you at the finish line :) 
