getting ready to go to OR this week . 

is beat from traveling . Having a glass of 2 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > merlot and relaxing . 
is paying bills . Ugh . 
is studying for that darn exam again . 
is learning about lasers . 
is waiting for this stupid headache to go away . 24 hours and counting ... 
is overloaded with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Palin coverage . Good night ! 
went to see Heart with < PROPFIRST > tonight . < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > were awesome ! 
is cooking pinto beans and making more flash cards . 
Aerosmith is less than 2 weeks away ! 
If you're the praying type , please pray for me as I take the exam tomorrow . I need all the help I can get . :-) 
It's over ! It was a fair exam , the fairest I've seen in the 4 times I've taken the darned thing . 
is going to < PROPFIRST>'s with Chinese food , cake , and presents . Can't wait to see him open the presents ! 
It's twilight and cooled down to 92 . Still too hot to walk ! 
6 days until our road trip to Sedona/Las Vegas . 
will have the house back to herself tomorrow night . 
For anyone wondering , Mom & Dad's new address and home phone # are 7323 Williamsburg Road , Albuquerque , NM 87114 / 505-554-1762 
packing for CA business trip . Then , off to Los Alamos for a week of training . This summer has been way too busy . 
Glad to be home with both feet on the ground for a while . How I HATE flying ... 
Not entirely thrilled with the idea of spending the next 5 nights in Los Alamos . :-( 
Can't wait to go home . 
There's no place like home :-) 
Anyone read anything good lately ? I'm looking for suggestions . 
It's amazing how mean some people can be . It's like being in high school all over again . 
Time for Zyrtec & bed . 
Donating plasma & surfing . 
Still feeling tired after 12 hours of sleep . Going back to bed . 
feeling yucky all over again . 
My voice is gone . Should be a quiet few days for everybody . :-) 
is sick of being sick , ready to start the ' vacation ' already . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is nuts . 
Trying on wedding dresses on Saturday ! 
“Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows ; it empties today of its strength . ” – < PROPFEMALE > Ten Boom 
totally spaced my hair appointment and am now on Enzo's s *** list . Have a sinking feeling that the apology & immediate rescheduling of the appointment have done little to appease the fiery Italian wrath . Not thrilled with the idea of having my hair cut by someone who's ticked at me . 
Thanks , everyone , for the happy birthday wishes . It was a really good day ! 
one minute until the polls for the ABQ mayoral election close , and political callers stop calling !! 
NOBEL Prize ? Seriously ? I thought < PROPFIRST > was only kidding ! 
Watching the Phillies & the Dodgers . Not looking forward to the baseball drought in the coming months ... 
Drinking coffee and working on the wedding budget . 
wishes 2 certain adults would grow up already . 
is happy to have new eyes again . What a difference a new prescription makes . 
started dating < PROPFIRST > 3 years ago today . We'll be married 1 year from tomorrow . :-) 
Got stood up for a tearoom appointment today ... fortunately < PROPFIRST > loves going there too , so it worked out fine . 
Going to the farmer's market with Dad . 
Apparently < PROPFIRST > Victorino doesn't know how to bunt . 
Give your burdens to the Lord , and he will take care of you . He will not permit the godly to slip and fall . - Psalm 55:22 
This is a challenge from my friend Desta : Let's see how many people can do this . Every day this month until Thanksgiving , think of 1 thing that you are thankful for and post it as your status . The longer you do it , the harder it gets ! Now if you think you can do it then repost this message as your status to invite others to take the challenge , then post what YOU are thankful for today . 
I am thankful for Tuny , because she keeps me company no matter what room of the house I'm in . And because she kills all the crickets and blue-tail lizards that find their way into the house . 
I am thankful for my health and the health of family and friends . 
I'm thankful for my friend Desta , who never stops smiling no matter what life throws her way . 
is thankful that I-40 construction is done & it's possible to drive the ABQ corridor without fear of being killed . 
is thankful for a warm house on a cold night . 
is passing on a new Facebook Challenge : Let's see how many people on fb aren't afraid to show their love for God and accept Jesus as our Savior ! Repost this as your status . Each time you see this on someones status , say a quick prayer for that person !! Let's get God back in this country like He should be !!! If you agree post this in your status update . Just copy and paste ... 
is thankful that in this time of year when the days are getting shorter , New Mexico has so much sunshine during the daylight hours . 
is thankful that God takes care of everything , no matter what . 
is thankful that Krispy Kreme is returning to Albuquerque !!! 
did not pass the Part I exam again . Trying to be positive . At least I can get my $350 back for the exam prep software ' guaranteed ' to produce results . :-) 
is thankful I don't have to take Part II this year , what with the wedding and all . 
is thankful to be having Thanksgiving with her family for the first time in 5 years . :-) 
When doing your Christmas cards this year , take one card and send it to this address : A Recovering American Soldier c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Medical Center 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue , NW Washington , D.C. 20307-5001 . Think of how many cards these wonderful people who have sacrificed so much would get . PLEASE RE-POST 
I am so thankful Desta dared me to give < PROPFIRST > my phone number . :-) 
is thankful that Thanksgiving dinner was a success . 
is off to see New < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > . 
is removing the fall decorations & putting up the Christmas ones . 
had a particularly difficult adjustment with the chiropractor . Thank God for ice ! 
Time to put the tree up . 
is boxing up presents bound for < PROPFEMALE > . Sent the Maine & NH ones today . 
is shocked at how much shipping costs these days . 
got drug tested at work today . Fun , fun . 
looking forward to < PROPFIRST>'s completion of his gingerbread work of < PROPMALE > . Will post pictures when it's done ... 
is going to stop being so nice . 
is worn out from Christmas gatherings , but there's 1 more tonight . Debating whether to go ... 
96 days until MLB opening day , 97 days until the first Red Sox/Yankees game ! 
T-minus 297 days :-) 
I'll step up to a challenge from a friend ... I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you . 
40 minutes at the Walmart checkout this evening ... grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Why is the US tax code so unintelligible ? 
Just had something I haven't had in a couple years-fresh Maine lobster . :-) 
~ It's Valentines week on Facebook . Change your profile picture to a picture of you and your significant other and post how long you have been together . 3 Years , 4 months . 262 days until our wedding ! ~ 
Trying not to let 1 mean person ruin my day 
Just got back from Oak Ridge . Glad to be home again . 
My cat turns into a crackhead jonesing for her next fix whenever I open a can of tuna . Very amusing . 
Any tactful suggestions on how to get people to stop inviting themselves to my wedding ? 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! Don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines . 
I despise Microsoft Word with every fiber of my being . 
For all you prayer warriors our there , please add my mom to your list . She's have < PROPMALE > surgery tomorrow . 
My < PROPFEMALE > went to Heaven today . 
is having the booziest rum & Coke of her life and contemplating the day . Big changes ahead . 
doesn't want any more changes for a while . March has been a rough month . 
Benadryl . 
My eyes are weeping and I've about lost my voice thanks to the juniper pollen count . 
Our first big dust storm of the spring . Had to scrub the engagement photo session . Gotta love New Mexico . 
How many of you really know ALLthe people on your friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . If you're on my list , post how you met me , know me or maybe our very first encounter . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box and read the interesting responses . 
212 days to go ! 
I got the job I'd been hoping for today . I transition over in 2 weeks . 
Happy Easter , everyone ! 
Three more days of fun until the freight train hits . 
wonders where the day went . 
feels fortunate to have survived tonight's commute . I'll take midtown Manhattan any day over the Albuquerque drivers ! 
My jeans are falling off my hips . Weight Watchers is really working ! 
It's 8:51 on Cinco de Mayo and I haven't heard any guns shots yet . Weird , for Albuquerque . 
Seen on bumper sticker : I'll try being nicer , if you'll try being smarter . 
Why do birds always poo on my car RIGHT after I get it washed ? 
The best of friends can go long periods of time \ 
without speaking and never question their friendship and pick up like \ 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ \ 
REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one ... you know who you \ 
are :-) 
is packing the house up . :-) 
wishes all the clouds passing overhead would dump some rain on Albuquerque . 
sitting at the animal ER . 
My poor , sick Tuny cat went to heaven today . I like to think she's playing fetch with < PROPFIRST > right now . 
is really glad that the < PROPMALE > Hayes posse can make it to the wedding ! 
is packing for a trip to Idaho tomorrow . 
had a good trip to Idaho , but is looking forward to being home tomorrow . 
is ready to get the moving started . 
completed moving in under 3 hours , thanks to the help of some great friends ! Now for the unpacking ... 
is hanging out in her new study with < PROPFIRST>'s animals . They're quite a social bunch . 
is tripping over 3 cats and a large dog trying to unpack . 
leg is bruised , but the surgery was successful . 
is surfing for a unity candle set that doesn't look hideous . 
< PROPFIRST > was thoughtful enough to greet me with a cold Corona . Just what was needed . :-) 
< PROPFIRST > has a blowout on the freeway this evening . SO thankful that he's OK ! 
Balancing the wedding budget and trying to keep cats from clawing the new furniture . 
Thankful for the wonderful meal < PROPFIRST > cooked in honor of my Dad's birthday . 
In\ 
memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost \ 
their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this \ 
up for1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy \ 
and paste . I did . Will you ? Show love to those who are in the fight . 
Ah , the stress ... ready to take our marriage license and elope :-) 
< PROPFIRST > keeps referring to my bridal shower as my \bridal bath . \"" 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! I recommend that everyone take the day off on their birthday . It was a nice day ! 
14 days from now I'll be married to my BFF . :-) 
wonders if it's absolutely necessary for every PT Cruiser owner to drive like a total butthead ? 
is getting ready to make the first airport pickup . :-) 
Sitting in the Honolulu airport , waiting to board the red-eye to Phoenix . 
Made it home from Hawaii this morning . Still awaiting the arrival of our luggage . 
returns to work tomorrow after 23 days off . I hope it'll be a better first day back than < PROPFIRST>'s was today . 
Turkey in the oven , the rest ready to go . Just waiting on < PROPFIRST > to get home from work , then Thanksgiving will really start . 
recovered enough from last week's flu to venture out to see < PROPMALE > Potter . 
Just 2 days to go-gotta hold on ! Maybe pizza will help . 
1 hour until vacation . I can barely contain myself ! 
After 3 days without internet , I'm really jonesing . 
Obsessively searching for a replacement vacuum on Consumer Reports-they all have bad reviews . If anyone has recommendations for a kick-butt vacuum that can keep up with LOTS of pet hair & carpet , please share ! 
Just finished text-arguing with a total stranger who's convinced I know her . I think I irritated her to the point where she won't be contacting me again . 
5:32 in the 4th . The hat , jersey , gloves , and Terrible Towel are out . It's do or die for the Steelers . 
