Gotta get back in school and find a job , the road to New York City status begins 

Damn Jets , Oh well Vikings vs Colts Lets GO ! 
jACKed up on MONSTER WOOOO 
Just finished walking 4.4 < PROPMALE > in an hour and half , had my second monster of day . Legs but im still amped . I think its time to play some MW2 
( Whoops typo)Just finished walking 4.4 < PROPMALE > in an hour and half , had my second monster of day . Legs hurt but im still amped . I think its time to play some MW2 
Another day , another dollar 
She says Im awesome 
The wife just too me to Mob the fuck down .... I guess i'll Mob Up tomorrow then 
Is really ready to Mob Up 
Grammy's sucked thank god for Boomerang and Samurai < PROPFIRST > reruns 
I dont farmville or cafeworld . I MOB THE FUCK UP . MOBSTERS BITCH 
Mobsters has gone to far ... it maybe time to give it up 
Aint no budget like the poor man's budget . Can't afford no schools so I'm training myself , gonna be a < PROPFEMALE > mean giant ass beating machine . Mobbin up for real .... What !! 
Hardly none can understand how the blood in my veins taints me . A poison haunting and infecting , infusing me with its will . My very own personal venom 
Guess where I'm going ...... WORK 
He walks through the raindrops 
yo wtf is goin on ... its the cowboy game allover again 
Man F&@*&( football . Baseball starts April 5 Lets Go Yankees . I only team that doesnt disappoint 
Do you like reaching in your pocket and only feeling your leg . Lets put some hustle behind this muscle 
The question is not how far . The question is , do you possess the constitution , the depth of faith , to go as far is as needed ? 
... home early and i dont know what to do ...... 
SNOW CANT STOP ME !!!!!! 
Wish I was an only child .... or at least didnt have the a constant aggravating thorn in my life ...... arughhhh RAGE RAGE RAGE 
People who know little are usually great talkers , while men who know much say little . The nice thing about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being proven right or pleasantly surprised . 
If rain is God's teardrops does that make snow dandruff ?? 
Rice High School throwback You will stay , You will stay ... YOU WILL STAY !!!!! 
Breast were a let down , booze was booze and the chicken was ballin !!! 
Lets go < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Empire State of Mind ??? Things were so much easier when it was Money , Cash , Hoes 
The snow sexual harassed me ... im not fuckin happy 
Ok so PS3's down ... watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars gonna get my Sith on 
I'm gona find out who runs the PSN , and im gona kill that muthafucker !!!!!! 
Going to work . SUCKS . Getting off late . BLOWS . Come home to your own personal angel . PERFECT !!! 
FREE < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
Dante\s Inferno is the funniest game . Lust is hilarious ... " 
Time is harsh Mistress never really letting go , and never really there . Moments and memories mixed guilt and misunderstanding . Turning a blind eye for the sake belonging . In one instant everything came together and we just clicked ... like hometeam ...... 3 days left , I tell myself .... 3 days 
Muthafuckers let me in the dark , no food , no power , no way out , i made that desperate escape no who laughing ( worst sisters in the world)lmao 
Boondock Saints 2 best movie ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
2 days left until the Xbox360 is offically useless ... sorry 360 owners 
1 day left to the day of Reckoning .... 
Why don't you make like a tree , and get the fuck outta here ? 
Every time i leave these muthafuckas come and change shit . Now my room is fucked up all my shit has dust on it . And i swear to god if my shit dont work come friday somebody is getting fucked up 
First thing to do today 1 . Reach the angel 
Gods dead , Titans destroyed . God of War ... no more .... 
Boats and Hoes 
Starting to prepare ... already got my theme song for the fight-Amazing by Kanye West . Its OVA !!! 
Hpnotiq and Moscato is tonight's drink of choice . Not watching the fight , mentally preparing for the war ... 
wooo found some bicardi , tonite is gona be an explosion 
Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world 
training to be like Epic Beard Man lmao . Im gona get my < PROPFIRST > Adams shoes and its ova 
I got a new job & its easy , the money is good , things are coming up nicely ... which means shit is about to hit the fan . But I'm not going down this time . No , it wont happen again . This is my war , I am my own army . Its taken me 15 years to get to this point . 15 years of taking shit , being quiet , letting things slide , and hoping for a better tomorrow . Fuck tomorrow , I'm taking over today 
Blood is just red sweat . One of the most difficult things everyone has to learn is that for your entire life you must keep fighting and adjusting if you hope to survive . No matter who you are or what your position , you must keep fighting for whatever you < PROPFEMALE > to achieve . There’s a time to pray , and there’s a time to fight . Anything can be a weapon , if you’re holding it right . Defend what is yours . 
Training all nite , tomorrow hitting that auto show . But this morning its all about the gun show WHOOO WAH ! 
watching 300 , eating steak feeling manly getting ready to pick up that iron 
Dead ass TNA ahould just rename themselves to WCW thats basically who they are 
He conquers who endures . ~ Persius 
OK FINE !!!! I'VE ENDURED , SO I CONQUER ...... BETTER YOU NAYSAYING MUTHATFUCKERS 
It's friday for you guys , to me its tuesday 
Had a goodburger burger ... ehh its okay but it was almost 10 bucks 
One day left ... wooo im tired gotta get ready to throw down in the kitchen ... 
Why am I so negative ?? 
“If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right , you'll probably never do much of anything . ” 
Cant find the inspiration to fight my best friend ... 
I realize what I forgot , The Rule of Two : One to embody the power , the other to crave it . You want it come get it ... and thats an open challenge 
All these years one emotion made me the best . Rage . Its gone now and i feel myself slipping .... 
Yea its okay if we have kids , cuz we got muthafuckin jobs-my uncle is the shit ! 
\Hope is what makes us strong . It is why we are here . It is what we fight with when all else is lost . \"" 
Everything seems so foggy now ... I've been cured of my blood disease and not really sure how to stand back up now . It used to make me strong , my reason to < PROPFEMALE > on , at least so I thought ... now I see my own will carried me through . Will being my strength , Hope my sword and Rage my shield . Lost my shield , so I gotta change the way I fight 
I got it , I get it . 
Party of 75 , these fuckers better remeber how to tip ! 
i hate this job . i hate this job . i hate this job . FML 
why do white people get drunk and < PROPFEMALE > singing rap like thats whats up 
Why do i like this job because it pays me 
... 
Whats up facebook ! 
days over for some mine is just beginning 
Trying calamri for the first time in my life tonite ... its alrite alittle bland but ok 
the same people from last night stop me from going home again .... they are my nemesis 
Question : Sex Answer : Yes Please 
Everything done in the dark will be brought into the light 
The hardest thing to do in this world is to find a woman worth loving and not fuck it up . 
I'm the last and only one left , everything is on me and I don't plan on letting anything slip 
Whats Good with that Cinco de Mayo !!! 
Alot has changed in almost a year . Me , personally I feel I've lost it . My essence , I've lost my anger , my underdog mentally , and even my way . I've become comfortable with the status quo . I've been given my piece of the pie and like every sellout , I took it and kept quite . I have fallen ... Now it is time to pick myself back up ... training begins May 12 
did a little research and i actually devoted myself from General to Commander . Commander is a naval term . General is an army the top title . While the top title in the navy is Admiral . Gives me more fuel to get my stripes back 
Quote of the day : If your black and your gay life is hopless 
UFC 2010 is off the chain playing the demo cant wait for the game 
I dont have a need for the greedy or room for the selfish . The fearful stand tall when one is looking but my will outshines them all 
friends come and go but moms are always there . Happy Mothers day to all 
May just started and it already blows 
the search for white castle has begun 
is slowly becoming addicted to cheesecake 
I dont about you guys but I'm ready for another blackout 
shift is almost over , my feet hurt and im eating my first meal of the day 
just had the best fucking burger ever ! power levels at 57% 
today was awesome . Red Dead Redemption AMAZING !! Having tomorrow off priceless 
I pledge allegiance to the pussy 
< PROPMALE>'s dilemma tomorrow cant wait ! Gonna kill my liver just like the old days 
Rise from weakness 
weekend's over back to work 
tell me somebody would put a needle in a napkin . i pricked my finger . so now if i die its < PROPFEMALE > marmon's fault 
I love it when a plan comes together 
troubled right now . I know what i should do but now isnt the time ... What should i do , what can i do ... 
cops .... fuckin cops . so i gotta a ticket for walking thru the train . Big fucking whoop . Do you know this muthafucka had the nerve to write the ticket the a pen that looked like a pig FML 
Brick ... my sweet Brick , come let me hold you ... lmfao 
it took someone calling me basically a has-been to realize I forgot what my drive is , my passion . Thank you kind sir for reminding me of who am I . I what the fuck I gotta do . Which take out every threat to my empire ... one by one 
Broke night 28 hours and counting . Days not over yet . On my way to Coney ... WARRIORS !!! 
alittle back pain to remind me of my situation . Time to stop thinking and start doing 
do i have what it takes ? 
Our time has come . For years we prepared , grew stronger . Whi\ 
e you rested , believing you were safe and protected . You were trusted to lead . You assume no force could challenge you and now finally we have returned . 
Jesus isnt on a cross but in a bottle 
if you could fight anybody who would you fight ? 
Revenge is like a ghost . It takes over everyman it touches , its thirst cannot be quenched . Until the last man standing has fallen 
Why is it that your mother can always bring you down . Even if you just think about her . What gives moms so much fucking power 
so fuc(yawn)king tttiired 
its offically i have enemies at work ... 
I am < PROPFIRST>'s boiling rage 
the longest day of my life is over ... maybe i can get some shut eye 
So the new me isn't as good as the old me ... going to have rebuild piece by piece , brick by brick , strain by strain ... 
ready to go . held back by the ps3 data transfer ... plus got pick up that american < PROPFEMALE > 
I get money . I got a no money phobia ... 
Mot distrubing moment of my life . Listening to my sister and fiance talk about porn . And on top of that it turned to toys and the bike with a dildo came out of nowhere . FMFL 
Fist full of dollars for my man < PROPMALE > all the way ! 
at work missing the biggest fight of the year . FML 
... UFC 116 Lesnar vs Carwin - $44.99 .... Watching Carwin tap- $44.99 ... 2 Avoided Calls- Annoying ..... Winning < PROPMALE>'s hundred bucks .... PRICELESS 
so im gettin ready to have my second monster for the day during my second shift of the day . Im tired but I cant quit . Restablishing the old los building blocks 
1 . Im tired of all this FIFA shit . Ohh everybody plays soccer . Yea but how in the hell can they afford soccer teams in 3rd world countries . Thats that bullshit . \ 
2 . Early birthday gift from my lovely lady the brand new Xbox 360- thanx babe\ 
3 . Fuck Xbox its only to play the games I cant get on PS3 . So keep yo gamertags to yourself\ 
4 . Finally learning how to play Madden\ 
5 . And lastly Stay Classy San < PROPMALE > 
On behalf of New York City . Fuck You LeBron 
trying to figure out how im gona spend my 23 escape from my mothers womb . Any ideas ? 
just rellize nobody in my fam has an xbox . I think the game theivery haas just been stopped 
Fuck the World 
This Friday . July 16 . Its going down , all the way down . Big question ... whoose rolling with me 
is loving my new xbox , finally get to play fable 2 . Been waiting years for that ... my gamertag has me hyped up , shit im high on my own fumes woOOoooo 
Harsh times for New York Yankees R.I.P < PROPMALE > Sheppard and < PROPFIRST > M . Steinbrenner WOW ..... 
Only a couple of more hours left ... 23 like < PROPFIRST > and now Lebron . 2 plus equals 5 my favorite number . Switch it and its 32 and thats how I feel 
is celebrating 23 years of debauchery and sarcasm ... And tomorrow nite shots !!! 
slowly counting down til shots 
123 Burgers Shots Beer is where im going for Shots shots shots shots shots 
123 Burgers Shots Beer is where im going for Shots shots shots shots 
Patron on the the rocks and Im ready for some shots ... 
Thanks to everybody who gave the birthday wishes . Gona change it up this year ... trying to fuse two of the most dangerous things old los mentality with new los swagger ... Its gona be one hellva ride 
Trying figure out how supress this love infection , so I can get my maddness back 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan-24 , gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > Allen-23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley-29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert-29 , Justus Bartett-27 , < PROPMALE > Santos-21 , < PROPMALE > Stanley-21 , < PROPFIRST > Reed-26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson-21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher-24 , < PROPFIRST > King-23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke-23 , ... and < PROPMALE > Tate-27 ... all gave ... their lives for you this week in military service . Honor THEM by reposting this 
What's the difference between sluts and wives ?....... Rings 
\I think im gona call out of work tomorrow because I feel alittle crampy \"- lmao " 
not gona apologize for what I said , but im not gona be biased either ... guys are next 
Whats going on face-boogie ? 
Have you ever just wanted to set the world on fire ? 
reconnecting with these leeches 
Alot of Controversy over my last big post ( Sluts and Wives ) so now I'm going to pose a new question just cant figure it out what it is yet but getting those thinking caps on ... 
Here is comes Whose the bigger hypocrite Men or Women ? 
FUCK THE MTA ! how dare you ask for more money and you cut services . ... It time to get this license 
BOReD !! 
Snapple Real Fact #763 Tigers have striped skin , not just stripped fur . 
Without Justice , Courage Is Weak 
playin < PROPFIRST > Pilgram vs the World on PS3 , an old skool throwback 
angel 
walking down the street looking like < PROPFIRST > Mercer 
Big Plans in the coming months Comic Con in Ocotber and the MMA World Expo in November ... bout time I started going to events 
What is the difference between lust and love ? Is a big difference or a matter of just how you look at it ? 
my ipod is dead .... now i have to listen to all these mouth breathers ..... errrgh 
Sitting the managers office on my phone , and im getting ready to go to sleep ... LIKE A BOSS ! 
Is really thinking about starting a twiter account 
Story after story started ... story after story unfinished . No longer every one shall have an ending . Signed Sealed and Delivered 
Supposably life begins at the end of your comfort zone , so Ladies and Gentlemen WAR . War on bullshit . War on accepting less when we deserve more . War on disrespect . War shitty girlfriends , ass-whole boyfriends . War on know it all parents . War on fucking emotions . War on restrictions . Impossible is Nothing . So soilders of the Generation Y Army gear the fuck back up . 
feels like shit . Havent felt this way in so long , I forgot what it feels like . If there was a < PROPMALE > I could jump off ... I'd be there rite now 
Today is a very nice day 
I am < PROPFIRST>'s overwhelming rage . Somebody stole my Nike Shox Air < PROPMALE > Series sneakers from work . Now Im not a sneaker collector or anything like that but these were comfortable like walking on clouds . 160 dollars too and they were a fucking gift . I wish death on this sneaker stealing motherfucker and not just on him everyone who shares his fuckin dna 
going to see Resident Evil in 3D because i have nothing better to do lmao 
B-E-S-T-F-R-I-E-N-D has 10 letters . But so does L-Y-I-N-G-B-I-T-C-H 
Maybe listening to \Wildout\ " before going to work was a bad idea .... " 
Gamertag : CMTeX you playing Modern Warfare 2 tonite hit me up 
Is about to single handedly blow 500 dollars 
a beautiful night in NYC 
First I had to work 6 days in a row . Second my phone falls out of my pocket and stays in the seat in the cab I took . Third- Realizing this I tried to flag down the cab , he keeps going I break out in a run . Couldn't catch him . Fourth- Jump on my dads bike ride 2miles back to the train to wait for the driver to come back . He pulls up ..... Finally ...... VICTORY phone still in seat ! 
If < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > raped God there child would be < PROPMALE > Lesnar 
A boy does not become a man . A man is forged out of will , duty , and obligation . How he carries the burden of his world defines him 
had my four loko crazy mix ready for comic con ! 
First Comic Con and then work . Finally home with the wifey 
Watching the Beauty and the Beast < PROPFEMALE > Edition Bluray with the wife ... having a blast seeing how the Beast is such a pimp .... watch the movie THATS NOT A REQUEST !!!! 
I want to do you afterschool like some homework ... 
cant decide what should I make tomorrow for dinner ? Southwestern , homestyle , or signature .... decisions decisions 
Package delivered . 
I fucking hate taxes ! 
UFC 121 what a fuckin waste ... Boondock Saints II All Saints Day always a champion ! 
The Bro Commandments thou shall disregard females and acquire currency 
tackled < PROPMALE > last night cuz it felt like the right thing to do .... now my shoulder feels the burn . fml 
Right now chillin wit da Bizzle , afterwards its homeward bound to hit the punching bag and later the force Unleased II 
For Halloween Im gona be Kanye West and smack all the < PROPFEMALE > bags out of little white girls hands rofl lmao ; Side note . November 2 . Burger Shots Beer . This is where we will be now if you ever had a bad 21st birthday come relive it with a real wild bunch and have a good time hey ! 
hates holidays .... unless i make them up .... like Bizzle's 21 rewind party that everybody should be going to ya dig ? 
there is alot things going on here at facebook.com but the most important thing happening is on November 2 and if you didnt know , now you do 
In 24 hours you need to be at Burger Shots and Beer . Then Im going to show you how to really party ! 
EVERYBODY IS INVITED ( IF YOUR 21 ) TO COME TO BURGER SHOTS BEER . IF YOU DONT . IT IS FUCKING ON ! I WILL PERSONALLY WRECK ALL OF YOU !!! 
stuck at UNO's because somebody just had to eat there bread pudding that was suppose to be to go ...... 
is taking in preparation for tonite but so far has heard nothing from anybody . So lets see hit me up ppl around 9pm and lets get this party started 
Is finally ready ... tonite patron on the rocks and im ready for some shots ! 
its crazy how new york is . waiting for peeps and who is chillin on the corner mos def . wtf 
the next few days are all about rest and recovery . 
missed my bus for work ... hopefully i wont be late 
playing the waiting game rite now . i think im winning since im the only one playing .... 
getting my ass whooped in Black OPs not feeling it at all 
spent my entire life tackling problems and overcoming them . I was the < PROPMALE > of the Mountain until I leaped off . As I climb back up I wonder do I really want the throne back ? 
Dominican cake is only made for crack heads , I swear I just cut my throat on a big ass grain of sugar . 
on my way to dunkin donuts need some morning grub , havent slept since i got out of work last night . and yet not tired guess i'll clean the yard and after that maybe hit the punching bag ... 
Leaves -1 , < PROPFIRST > -0 
drinking 
Holidays bring out the worst in me ... just a forewarning 
Its the little things that remind how much I'm in love with her 
Its been one helluva ride to get back to this place . I don't know what the future my hold . I do know that I plan on changing things , the only way I know how . 
God gave women periods to remind men that it can always get worse 
yup it got worse ...... oh well 
christmas shopping is killing me 
Prepare for a bitter harvest , Winter has come alast ... 
If drinking and driving is illegal , why do gas stations sell beer ? 
Not many can understand why I am the way that I am . Why I can't let go of the past . Like great steel the past forged me , made me better , stronger it made me the man that I am . To deny it would be to deny myself . 
Young Jeezy might be my savior . His song Vacation keeps me cool , calm and chilled at work anyway ..... 
I honestly want to know what you think about me . No matter what you have to say , I want to hear it . If you don't want to post it , message it 
This is why only fools are heroes - because you never know when some lunatic will come along with a sadistic choice . Let die the woman you love ... or sacrifice it all ? Make your choice and see how a hero is rewarded ! We are who we choose to be . 
Lil < PROPFIRST > vs < PROPFEMALE > Minaj ..... < PROPFIRST > 
2am in the morning , tired , sick , and i miss my lil brothers . Bout to make them in ufc 2010 ... thats pretty sad on my part in know , but my fist says otherwise 
sometimes i think you just gotta choke a bitch 
I can safely say that my bitch quality is shopping . I get mad and I want to spend money and make my self feel better ... oh well 
been working since 6 this morning . running on an hour and half sleep and 2 Monster Energy drinks .... Not done yet 
Its a full < PROPFEMALE > tonite and I'm opening all my old wounds , bleeding everything out . Blood is a life force and pain is fuel . I'm refueling ... I need to be more machine than man . I have to work harder than I ever have . I have to do more than I am capable of . I have too , not for some strange sense of duty or honor but because this is the only way 
Happy Festivus ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Muthafucaks got some gifts ... drinking sooo much ... loving it 
i did not get off work to save dogs 
im snow'ed in ...... at work ..... FML .... guess who doin another double in a packed hotel . with a couple of 100 ppl who have no where to go ' this guy ' 
could be the booze but them thing look huge 
What's on my mind .... a 2011 Los renovation . 
Chapter 6 : Resurrection ... Back from the dead , wiping the dirt from my camo . The best couldn't stay buried for long . Time to get my Titles back like Sonic getting the Chaos Gems or < PROPFIRST > getting the < PROPFEMALE > . Unstoppable . Rise Soilders of Destruction . The General has been reinstated 
WOOOOO LETS GO JETS !!!! AND FOR ALL YOU JETS HATERS , WE GOT 2 WORDS FOR YOU ....... SUCK IT !!!!!!! 
Almost had it , DAMN .... better luck next year 
9 inches of snow my ass , more like 2 ft not enough to stop me tho ... already shoveled the house fuck snow 
anybody have dc universe online ? 
Its time to show the proud what happens when you take on the throne 
DC Universe Online is the shit 
Expect the bad . Prepare for the worst . -los 
\Man is a destroyer . But if he kills and takes no pleasure in it 
out of control right now . feeling a little crazy . cant focus . cant really even think . trying to calm down but its not working . 
Its OD SUPA OFFICAL GARCIA VS MARTINEZ III SATURDAY JULY 16 . ITS TIME !!! 
Rhianna owes < PROPFIRST > Brown an apology 
Quote of the DAY \Dont be a pussy about the pussy \"" 
I live with a very special type of insanity 
so i would like to get a smart phone . im on the verizon network . anybody have a ideas on what i should get ? 
< PROPMALE > Sparks should be killed to save females any more heartache 
not so much hungover ... just still drunk 
Is totally completely absolutely in love 
For the second year in a row Eminem kills the Grammy's . 
Just Bring IT !!.. no .... I BRING IT !!! 
So my dad comes in my room and shows me his brand new Verizon limited edition R2-D2 Droid 2 wtf ... Time to step my game up 
ITS TIME FOR THE FATE OF TWO WORLDS !! Mr_FURIOUS_87 PSN BRING IT !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > vs Capcom 3 on hard is sooo fuckin HARD 
Is it wrong that i think < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez is not an up and coming actor . She's like the < PROPMALE > Campbell of action movies 
I don't care . Every obstacle , every problem I don't care . Every wall is going down . Bring everything you got because I will . And it will be one step better and harder than you have ever seen .... ARUGH 
should have not done all those push-ups before bed 
Mr. Furious ' claimed power is super-strength , activated only when he becomes incredibly angry 
Question : How is a woman like a condom ? \\nAnswer : They both spend more time in your wallet then on your penis 
My neice is fuckin adorable 
WOW Knicks take Miami ... my faith has been restored . Proving to the world you can't keep NYC down ! 
Its Monday ! The most exciting day of thw week , why cuz its gym day ! Gotta go in and work on those fastball specials 
seriously considering going to the gym tonite .... 
longest day of my life ... 
I think there should be a license to have children 
And tonite we get Ugly 
fuck knowing why the cage bird sings . I know why a guys dont tell there girls where there going 
shouldnt have gone but at the ugly wit the bros ., the whole clan but the staple is here . peace comes from a bottle 
sooo my laptop is dead and theres no money to get a new one ... game over ... guess im just gonna have to save up and get a < PROPMALE > 
just dealt a huge blow ... really dont know what to do right now . I do know what I'm about to do isnt what I should be doing 
Baked potatoes , mixed vegetables and grilled steak made without a stove or grill .. Yes Sir dinner is served ! 
Though I walk thru the valley of the shadow of death I shall fear no evil\ 
cuz I'm the badest muthafucker in the valley 
I Just Had Sex ... -the Lonely Island ! 
going undeground till Wrestlemania . which means no contact to anybody . got alot of things on my mind . dont want to talk . dont want to chill . I need to get back to basics 
its almost over and done with , its like getting over a cold looking foward to getting back on my feet 
After a week in the Fortress of Solitude , I'm ready to go to WRESTLEAH -- MANIAHH ! Nearly 12 hours of away .... time to be a big kid again 
Wrestlemania is offically over not the greatest event but entertaining none the less . Had a great time 
