Humor is an excellent method of keeping a tight rein on unproductive displays of emotion . ~ Elizabeth Peters 

A mere friend will agree with you , but a real friend will argue . 
got a new kitten today ! Will have pictures up soon ! 
Only a fool tests the depth of the water with both feet . 
Speak the truth , but leave immediately after . 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > Sugden , July 21 , 1922 - July 1 , 2009 
You know you turned into an adult when you receive a kitchen appliance for your birthday , but hey , I got a new waffle maker and in the morning I'm making waffles !!! :-) 
Thank you everyone for the birthday texts , calls , and posts ! It was awesome ! 
is bloody well tired and wishes that netflix would send her her movie . 
yay , I don't have to work today , but now I don't know what to do to pass the time ! lol 
will be back on later to write something . 
Your first < PROPFEMALE > blinded you , left you cursing the day . Entrance is crucial and it's not without pain . There's no path to follow , once you're here . You'll climb up the slide and then you'll slide down the stairs . 
I am extraordinarily patient , provided I get my own way in the end . 
hears the soft purring of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > asleep on her shoulder on a warm July evening . :) 
one month left !! YAY !!! 
listening to That Thing You Do ! while reading War and Peace . 
doesn't understand ... 
Ge cruaidh sgarachdainn , cha robh dithis gun dealachadh . 
is battling with a big black spider that's hiding in her room !! This is WAR !!! 
Forsan et haec olim meminisse iuvabit . ~ Virgil 
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me . ~ C.S. < PROPFIRST > 
thought the rain today was lovely , but didn't get a < PROPMALE > to play in it . :( 
is back in Vermillion and doesn't have to deal with dial-up anymore ! :) 
is slowly make her way through War and Peace , but is enjoying it . 
First day of classes is over and looking forward to tomorrow . 
got wrong number text messages tonight . . . hm i think the guy that gave the number out doesn't know his real number or i have an alternate ego named < PROPFIRST > . 
I don't want to do laundry so I'm watching Mr. Bean instead . :) 
got laundry done , yay !! 
watching young Indiana Jones !! 
travels with father is the best young Indiana Jones episode !!! 
decided to do the gunpowder plot and Skara Brae for my big research papers in Shakespearian England and Great Discoveries in Archaeology classes . Hopefully I can tie my independent study paper in with my archaeology paper . 
decided to do the gunpowder plot and Skara Brae for my big research papers in Shakespearean England and Great Discoveries in Archaeology classes . Hopefully I can tie my independent study paper in with my archaeology paper . 
doesn't want to do her homework anymore . 
basicly finished homework , watching Monarch of the < PROPMALE > . 
reading Utopia . 
watching Waking < PROPMALE > Devine , forgot how funny this film is . :) 
looking up airline tickets . 
Find yourself a cup of tea ; the teapot is behind you . Now tell me about hundreds of things . ~ Saki 
Never trust a man who , when left alone in a room with a tea cozy , doesn't try it on . ~ Billy Connolly 
There is no trouble so great or grave that cannot be much diminished by a nice cup of tea . ~ Bernard-Paul Heroux 
Tha e math a bhith beò . 
is very thankful for her roomies and misses her grandpa . :( 
tired and ready for sleep , playing a bishop in parliament around 1530 is hard work . 
looking at the forecast for the next few days and there is a < PROPMALE > snow , small < PROPMALE > but still a < PROPMALE > . 
making Oatmeal Pie for the first time . Hope it turns out alright . 
Going to < PROPFIRST > , Oklahoma today for the Plains Anthropological Conference . 
Back from Oklahoma , had fun at the conference and can't wait to do it again next year . 
The mock parliament actually acted like a parliament today ! YAY !! Only a few more sessions and then done with it ! 
going to do some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , maybe that'll put me into a better mood . 
no more mock parliament . Actually sad to go back to regular class now . 
New computer finally !! 
If you could run away right now where would you go ? 
tired and off to bed soon . Hopefully I won't wake up with random objects in my bed again . 
Patience : A minor form of despair disguised as a virtue . ~ Ambrose Bierce 
Only a few more days to go . 
bad day , woke up late because I couldn't fall asleep which caused a hurried search for books at the library before meeting the professor to discuss my paper , but realized that I forgot my student card once I reached the library after class . Walking back to my car I accidentally pushed the panic button instead of the unlock button . Came back to apartment , got card , then books , and finally met with the professor . 
beginning to wonder why ... 
If you live in the country , do not stay up too late at night . The fairies may want to hold a meeting in your house and they will be merciless in their vengeance if you prevent them from doing so in secret . If you must stay up , make sure that there are animals with you , particularly cats , for the animals will know if the fairies are coming . 
A Touch of the Irish : A charm to bring safety to a journey : Pluck ten blades of yarrow , throw one away for the fairies and put the other nine in you sock or stocking under the heel of your right foot . 
A Touch of the Irish : Never rub your eye with anything but your elbow . 
A Touch of the Irish : A man who doesn't spend when he's single will never give when he's not . 
A Touch of the Irish : By using the power of a certain < PROPMALE > , the leprechauns know how to find all the crocks of gold that are hidden all over Ireland . but nobody has ever been able to persaude any of them to reveal the name of the < PROPMALE > . 
A Touch of the Irish : To bring good luck to travellers , throw a slipper after them just as they have begun their journey . 
< PROPMALE > que madruga Dios lo ayuda . 
The average pencil is seven inches long , with just a half-inch eraser - in case you thought optimism was dead . ~ Robert Brault 
The ultimate camping trip was the < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > expedition . ~ Dave < PROPMALE > 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! It was a good one . 
Back in Vermillion now . Bring This Year On !!! 
The image we have of ourselves tends to be complacent . We look at ourselves with indulgence . Whenever something unpleasant happens to us , we always have the tendency to cast the blame on others , or on fate , a demon , or a god . We shrink from looking into ourselves , as the Buddha recommended . 
getting so nice hail during this storm . 
woo 59 degrees out after that rain , but lightning and thunder have started up again 
