Sat on the back porch with a < PROPFIRST > and Coke , had a < PROPMALE > Patel Maduro . C'est si bon . 

Next week got two trips . Florida and Cali . Meh . Prep time ahead 
Gotta get to gym . Bah . 
do NOT get swine flu 
God I'm ready to kick this crap 
Hello everyone . Fixing to go to bed . Working on a little bit of a Perl program , but generally just running down the evening . Working on cabinets . Need to post some pics soon . 
Back in < PROPFEMALE > today . Has anyone driven the Skyline road in the Shenandoah National Park ? Is it worth driving ? It is a straight shot to where we are going , but I am sure it is not as fast as Interstate driving . If it is worth looking at , however , I might consider it . 
Can't sleep . Keep waking up with story ideas . Wrote a few pages today on my smartphone on the plane . Wonder exactly how wacko it is to write pages of a story on a smartphone . In related news , I have gone through two keyboards on my HTC Touch Pro 2 . Never dropped , and no abusive usage . No moisture , no shock . Keyboard just dies . The result is a total meltdown of the phone . Stupid that normal use can do that . 
< PROPMALE > placed the glide board down carefully , taking a moment to ensure all of its weight rested on the raised rubber ridges that criss-crossed the big eighteen foot square solar collector panel . It was still very early in the morning , only a little while after sunrise . 
Setting the bucket and sponge down on top of the board beside the nozzel-ended hose , he ran the pucker of his lips sideways and chewed thoughtfully at the inside of his mouth , hands on his hips as he stared at the dirty panels . There was no easy way to do this , he knew ; it simply had to be done . 
Update to anvil's absolution on my profile < PROPFEMALE > . The work continues . 
The woods are lovely , dark and deep , But I have promises to keep , And < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep , And < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep . From < PROPFIRST > Frost's Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening 
Just finished the last sip of the Botran in my glass while smoking a < PROPMALE > Patel vintage 1990 cigar on the back porch . With a weekend of work behind me , and demo and a trip to < PROPFEMALE > on the books for next week , it was a nice moment to sit back and relax before I re-enter the maelstrom 
Tired , wore out , and generally exhausted . Need to prepare for a flight to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow after a demo . I work with the best team in the world , though , so there isn't much to worry about . 
Can't believe how happy I am to be boarding the plane . 
Grrrr ... doing expense reports . 
I got a little more written on the plane . I'll post it when I get back to San < PROPFIRST > . 
Before the weekend is up , I will update the link on my profile to the story with this week's changes . It's so exciting . 
An update to Anvil's Absolution is up . Have a read if you have a < PROPMALE > . I am very happy with the progress so far . 
At the point where I need to think about the outing , work on the fight scene , do the recovery , and < PROPMALE > needs to meet Dougal after having a run in with bother Ahbrams . Also , need to introduce fact that < PROPMALE>'s father is dead/missing , and that his mother is in an adult care facility after a stroke claimed her ability at higher thought . < PROPMALE > needs to be in a bit of a spiral when he finally gets to talk with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I just changed Dougal's name to Everitt 
Didn't do any writing on the plane ... napped a little and listened to an audiobook . Only slept around an hour last night , probably less . Travel day with systems issues at work the night before never leaves you much candle left to burn . 
power/perceived power , relevance , message saturation , buy in , quid pro quo leverage , patron sponsorship : these are some of the chips in the game of politics . Just thinking stuff . 
Good > Clash of the Titans > Suck . Best part of the it was when they pulled out the owl from the first one ... that scene only lasted < 5seconds 
Is it just me , or is the whole 3d movie wearing thin . I've seen 2 , and the second one was almost one too many . 
Must get work done . It's Saturday morning , and I woke up half a dozen times with the intent to get up and do some work . I finally got up , and found myself logging into Facebook . It feels like I can come up with a thousand excuses ( or distractions ) not to do work . But deadlines and due dates stare back at me , and demand their pound of flesh . I suppose that before the day is up , they shall have it . 
Well , I got a few pages written this weekend . I need to get just a little bit further , and thirty pages will leap out in one day . Just this weird transition at the moment is eating my lunch . Not that it is not fun to write , it is just fun to craft exactly what is happening and try to keep it believeable . 
I intend to write this weekend . Just so much spinning around at work , hard to maintain any unbroken line of concentration for very long without having an unwelcome thought come along and shatter it . But , I'll also need some time before I sit down with a keyboard staring at me like some impatient inquisitor to plan and create some sort of a goal of accomplishment . Prework . 
Well , the San < PROPFIRST > river is just a little bit cleaner this morning thanks to a few of < PROPFIRST > Cuban's tears . Go Spurs ! 
Sick . Sore throat , cough , sinuses and ears . First time I've needed antibiotics in a long time . 
Well , I guess we added about 5 sq feet to the house today ... all in shower . 
Quick poll : If I were to imbed a car stereo in an enclosure in the shower , power it with an ATX computer power supply , embed it in a magnetic weather resistant enclosure ( think boat ) and put some waterproof speakers in it , would that be reasonably cool ? Oh , I'd pull ambient air from outside through for cooling with a little fan . Put a small lv switch to a 120v relay to power on everything from inside the shower . 
If you always put limit on everything you do , physical or anything else , it will spread into your work and into your life . There are no limits . There are only plateaus , and you must not stay there , you must go beyond them . - < PROPMALE > Lee\ 
\ 
The anti-corollary here might be that struggle without a vision of self edification is a miserable way to < PROPFIRST > the fleeting hours of a lifetime 
Pressure test successful . Ran water from both outlets . On to the pan 
Came in after the zoo , took showers , took a nap , going back out for a few drinks and a bite to eat . 
In the subway ( again ) 
In the sport of extreme sleeping , I have discovered that I can sleep just fine against a rail ( seated ) on a noisy , rocking , stop and starting subway . 
Big weather in New York , thunder storms , high winds , tornadoes ... \ 
Once again , I bring the weather with me . Apparently , they had a tornado in\ 
the Bronx last night , but somehow it didn't make the news . 
Working on the Shower , Just mixed mortar is in the bucket , and it is waiting for the second stir , and soon , I will be slinging it on the floor . Fun day . I predict beer in my future in about an hour and a half . 
Lot of work today , off to draw myself a beer :) 
Wow , long weekend of labor . Looking forward to going back to work Monday 
Found and watched \Closetland\ " last night . Intense movie . Almost un-getable " 
Lots of job work to do , the kind that needs multiple unbroken hours of focused concentration . I'm fixing to get after that here in just a few minutes after I drain this cup of coffee . 
The cat brought a field rat in and was playing games with it on my bed when < PROPFEMALE > walked in on it . Cat let the rat go , dogs went crazy , < PROPFEMALE > is calm , and manages to < PROPFEMALE > the dogs . I have to go in , ( cat lost the rat in the commotion ) , and after a long several minutes of stupid human tricks , manage to corner and remove the pest . 
Update : as of now , the linens are changed on the bed , dogs are in their crates , cat's outside , and the rat is pining for the fjords . I think a beer and bed are in order . 
Thanks everyone for the fantastic birthday celebration . It couldn't have been better ! 
Boo .... my Heff is all gone ... just blew foam . I Guess I'll have to make another one some day . 
I've been doing nothing but coding for the past few weeks , but for an update on the Texas Prickly Pear Red , it is tasting very , very delicious . Five Gallons is going to disappear in a flash . I think I need to get another batch brewing while tunas are still in season , because this one is not going to last . 
I made an oatmeal stout this weekend with some experimental ingrediants ... well , not too experimental , dark chocolate cocoa and blackberries , mainly for smell . I think it will turn out nice , but it is going to be black as pitch . Specific gravity was a little lower than I expected , but not too much , so it will be fine 
I wasn't born for diggin deep holes . \ 
I'm not made for pavin long roads . \ 
I aint cut out to climb high line poles , but ... 
We had a fantastic weekend . Rode out another big thunderstorm in a tent . For a 15 year old tent , it didn't leak much at all . It was awsome , laying in the tent , hearing the whipping wind , seeing all sides strobe with lightning , and hearing the pounding rain punctuated by rolling thunder . Couldn't have been better . 
Wow , just racked my blackberry/chocolate oatmeal stout , and it is just plain good . My fears that the blackberry would be too much were completely premature 
Air conditioner is repaired . I replaced the blower motor and the\ 
start capacitor for good measure . Brushed out the innards of the blower and\ 
re-installed , reconnecting all wires and conduits . House is cooling down\ 
now . 
Just changed my profile pic to what a shrimp boil might look like . 
Thanks to everyone for enjoying in the shrimp boil . It was a great evening ! 
Soon will have the house to myself for a week . 
Wow , < PROPFIRST > Nielsen died . The world is now just a little bit less funny . 
Mmmm ... the < PROPMALE > Heff ... 5.1% alcohol , and nearly good enough to drink flat ( before I carbonate it ) . I racked it into a carboy , and will leave it there today , and perhaps most of tomorrow to allow more solids to settle , then I'll keg it . Its going to be delicious . 
For those interested , this ale is a minimash , and it contains :\ 
1 1/4 lb two row malt\ 
1 1/4 lb vienna malt \ 
1/2 lb < PROPFEMALE > Munich Malt\ 
1/2 lb < PROPFEMALE > 60L Malt\ 
1 large butternut squash , skinned , de-seeded , and cut up into bits , cooked in the oven at 350 for 1 hour , then broiled on high until it starts to get just a little char on top\ 
hops are < PROPMALE > Golding\ 
4lb of Extra pale and 1lb of Munich extract\ 
pumpkin spice . 
Just put the lid on the butternut squash ale , snapped in the airlock , and set it down to start fermenting . It has a 1.052 initial gravity , which is perfect ( had to add a little sugar to get it there , though , suprisingly ) . In a week , it should be ready to rack . In two weeks , it should be ready to keg . Now , off to clean up my mess and think about what kind of wine I'm going to make . 
Well , I got 36 lbs of pears , some black grapes for the tanin , some cranberries for flavor , and a bag of kiwis for acidity . I also got two gallons of fresh press apple juice ( no additives , no processing , not from concentrate ) to make up any distance in volume I might need to complete the five gallon batch . I'll be juicing this afternoon , and should have it in a fermenter just a little while after that . 
Everybody seems to be putting cartoon characters as their profile pics , so I'll choose a throwback character ... thundarr the barbarian . meh ... 
I just helped < PROPFEMALE > put together two animatronic lighted deer that go in the front yard . We brought home 200 feet of christmas lights , which probably isn't very much ( I've never put up lights before ) . I can't say that I get it , but < PROPFEMALE > is as happy as can be , and its very easy to enjoy through her . 
working some more on the shower this morning . I am gluing up pre-finished hardwood flooring to the ceiling , covering up the plywood top . Its a < PROPMALE > brown American red oak , and it is looking really nice . After its done , we'll varnish it to seal it from the moisture , and it should be ready to go again 
Finished the chili , bagging it in vacuum bags , ready for Tuesday 
Did a bunch of work on the house over the weekend , including a bunch of trim work . < PROPFEMALE > is , as usual , making me look good with caulk and wood putty to fill the seams and bring it all together . We'll probably paint this weekend . 
Sitting here reading tech docs in the middle of the night . Meh , its more entertaining than stupid television . I'm feeling late for my bed , so I'm going to shut it down and call it a day ... 
I've seen and heard quite a bit about the topsy-turvy little upside-down tomato grower , and I was just wondering , if taken to a larger scale , would it deliver similar results . So , I've procured 2 12 foot 4x4's for posts , a long 2x6 for a top piece , and I have a metal-reinforced 2x4 from a previous project that will serve as the hanging bar . Armed with these pieces , I begin . More to come 
I go lay down in bed , and I know immediately that it is not time to sleep . Done this three times tonight , still up . Mix a drink and maybe then ... 
by the way , not sure if the latticework covering tomato plant upside-down thingy is being helpful , may be blocking too much sun . Will continue to watch , may have to take it down for a bit and put it back once plants get bigger . Right now just making shade , which is not optimum 
Sitting on the back porch barbequing some chicken , smoking a fine cigar , sipping on a cold beer while listening to < PROPFEMALE > Hatchet belt out some fine guitar inside . I accomplished all the projects I intended this weekend . I could think of a hell of a lot worse ways to spend time . 
Midnight here , trying to get a little work done . Got a couple of audiobooks burned in mp3 format ( who wants to < PROPFEMALE > around all the raw audio CD's ) for the next few days ready to go on the long commute . 
I made some < PROPFEMALE > adjustments on the drip feeders on the tomato plants . They are looking great . Some were way too wet , and others a little dry , so I adjusted the dry drip feeder heads to flow more , and cut the watering time back from 3 to 1 minute . Its surprising , the water requirements are really < PROPFEMALE > , but of course it will increase as the plants grow larger . I'll let you guys know how it all progresses 
I am thinking I'd also like to measure how much water is entering the buckets , so perhaps I'll rig up another drip feeder and put it in some sort of graduated container so I can measure consumption . I think it would be fascinating to know just how much water a tomato plant uses throughout its lifespan , and given the controlled nature of their environment , I can find out . 
