Don't make me go back !! Vacations need to be longer . :-( 

Who knew that Arabic could be so boring ? 
Mondays are evil !! 
This last hour on tuesday and thursday is a pointless waste of time ! Also I think this teacher died back in 200BC and is in fact a mummy . 
So , one and a half days without power ( because california doesn't understand the concept of strong winds ) and I managed not to kill anyone . I feel that I've grown as a person . 
????? ??????? ?? ???? ????? 
FML 
I got my hair cut ! Now I can sleep in a little because I don't have to spend so much time on my hair . :-D 
???? ??? ????? ?? ???? ????? ??? ??????? ??? ??? 
I've got a new roommate . Good news or bad news ? You decide ! 
I hate Arabic . It gave me a bad grade . :-( 
Yay Friday ! 
I already hate this week 
Why did it have to be so < PROPFEMALE > ? I was so ready to get this PT eval over with so I could get on with being stressed out over the other 50 billion tests I have to take . :-( 
So we're done for the day and yet we're stuck in the classrooms . Gosh I love the stupid school rules . 
Arabic . Ugh . 
I hate mothers day . 
The irony of losing my voice on Language Day here at DLI is not entirely lost on me . 
Yay Friday ! Yay new computer ! Boo 7 hours of Arabic ! Boo afternoon dental appointment ! 
So apparently teachers outside my teaching team don't think I suck at Arabic speaking . They just think I suck at keeping up with Arabic news ... which I do . 
Zuhaira must have taken her \annoying\ " pills this morning . I want to stab myself in the face . " 
DLPT today and tomorrow . 
Arabic is a terrible language that no one should be forced to learn . Also , it hates me . \ 
1+ , 2 , 1+\ 
In related news , it looks like I'm staying in California for a few more months . 
Graduated today . No pictures of me because a certain people can't follow simple instructions . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . :-D 
Can I take \Go work out and don't do your homework . \ " as an order if it comes from a Sgt ? " 
The arabic section of my brain has completely shut off . 
lol , I must be tired , because the fact that my homework taught me the word ?????? \ 
amuses me waaaay too much . 
I finally know when I'm taking the DLPT again . 6 and 7 of December 
5 more days . :-D 
Finally applying for phase grad ! Also getting DLPT status . Yay ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter wasn't a total let down . I'm surprised . They even fixed a part of the book everyone hated . 
Sooo , DLPT today and tomorrow . Feeling a little nervous . 
Got a 2 on the listening ! Just gotta do the same on the reading and I'm free ! 
Woot , 2 , 2+ I'm getting out of here ! 
Certain small children who are kicking my seat better not be sitting near me on the flight .... 
Dear Texas , please do not snow because your people don't know how to drive on snow . Also stop being cold . If I wanted cold , I'd go back to Iowa . 
