So , as I predicted and notated to < PROPFEMALE > , most of my posts/information are on gaming . QQ 

Listening to Lady Gaga , whom actually has _some_ good songs . I think I want to stab myself now . 
I think I need a digital camera . Wonder if I can get an over-priced one from work for a semi-decent price after employee discount . Sometime ... 
Hopping onto XBox Live , feel the need for some real zombie killing . 
Seems my work is finaly being recognized , or is showing - which is the ultimate goal . For the managers to let me know they've noticed . 
New ICC content released , new VoA boss , and mega-nerfs to most instances for nubs . 
Still in search of that elusive accounting job . More resumes/e-mails sent . Hoping something comes through eventually , retail is getting quite dull . 
Interview Tuesday for a Staff Accountant position . 
Second interview with CFO , 4/7 2:15 p . Yay ! 
It's off to the interview . Skerred . 
Interview went well . CFO very impressed with me , from what I could tell . Between me and two others , I believe . 
I got the job , zomgzhatzbbq 
SC2 , decent beta - getting ass handed to me a decent bit , though . My first game put me into a false sense of leetness . 
New Predator movie coming out ? Interesting ... 
StarCraft 2 will be great . That is all . 
Holy freak God ... Carabba's is the best Italian restaurant I have eaten at . Awesome service , spectacular food . 
If you like games , and more specifically like < PROPFEMALE > vs alien games , and want to play a free one ? Check out Alien Swarm on Steam . Free-game with 4-player c o-o p . If you get it and like it , lemme know ; looking for non-idiots to blow some aliens away with . 
New pic = good . 
So ... may be hearing of a financial improvement by end of this week . If said improvement comes through ... well , I may have to fly around space some , Eve-style . 
Wisdom tooth , pulled ! Eat that ! 
Three ... more .. nights ... 
Oh , btw , it's the final countdown ~ 
Office Depot ; we had our good times , and our bad times . And now , we part . You will now only see me as the occasional customer , and harasser of your employees . 
Oh em gee .... my World of Warcraft has changed .... too .. cool ... 
is losing a very close , best friend . 
What's a good smart phone ? Between T-Mobile and Verizon , other providers can kiss my butt . 
Until Death . 
Coffee pot is go ! 
Here's hoping for a snowy night . 
Step one , complete . Step two , wait for call tomorrow morning . \ 
\ 
Also , this is not sandal weather . I repeat , do not wear your sandals right now . 
Brewing coffee , making breakfast , chillaxing . \ 
Good start . 
