is reflecting on some very significant things he doesn't discuss on Facebook 

Okay ... I've been studying for the last week straight . I'm starting to go crazy , but not quite insane . MORE SOCIAL PSYCH !!! 
Wow I'm never on facebook anymore am I ? 
Being sick is annoying , but gives me a lot of time to play dragonage 
Farm town is just Farmville that sucks . 
Facebook has just become the site I go to in order to play video games online . Also Woo Castle Age ! 
I'm rallying an army to go fight an Orc < PROPMALE > ... on Facebook . And they wonder why I love castle age so much . 
Roughly once every two years I drink as much as I did last night , that is to say enough to get actually drunk . In the future I hope to remember that every time I do this I spend the entire next day in a state of fatigue and pain . #TheMoreYouKnow 
There's some kind of fucked up viral freak out image thing going on , spreading in ways I don't fully understand but It bugs the crap out of me 
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are , Leave a one-word comment that you think best decribes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name , no more than one word , then copy and paste this on your wall so i can leave a word about you ! This could get interesting ..... 
Okay , it's gone too far . I'm weeding out some Facebook games , cutting down the ones that I genuinely enjoy and endorse . The rest of them I'm hiding from my feed , unbookmarking , and walking away from . 
In B4 a bunch of people saying happy birthday . 
I just lost 3 hours of my life to 4 < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Sometimes life is deeply deeply tiring 
I'm becoming more and more intrigued by Skype . 
The Isolation , exacerbated by the poverty , is starting to drive me insane . It's starting to make me understand why Limbo was still one of the layers of hell . 
Is playing the Team < PROPFEMALE > theme song while shooting < PROPMALE > candles and firework tanks at tan army men too much , or the epitomy of american ideals ? 
Our apartment is confirmed , and approved without cosigners this time . 
The modern corporate culture which fires figureheads for the failings of the corporation reminds me of Samurai being pressed into seppuku to avoid shame . 
I just functionally beat World at War , and the anticlimax is bitter but not surprising . The last boss of any Facebook game turns out to be the moment you realize how pointless the game itself was . They're like < PROPFEMALE > versions of an MMO , but the game play is even more of a treadmill and the social aspects are all but gone . I think I may be done with them , at long last . 
I hereby renounce all Facebook games . I have removed and blocked them , and I'm am giving up the habit . 
Without all the various games I really don't have all that much to do on facebook . 
Does anyone want a copy of the Order of the Stick book \No cure for the paladin blues ? \ " I have an extra " 
On the plus side , I'm finally online again . 
I'm a deeply disturbed person . I have an item which may be cursed , I know the ritual for destroying it and the curse , but part of me wants to keep it just to have a cursed thing . Of course you only get to the disturbed once you get past the insanity of actually thinking something is cursed , but I'm too far gone on that track to be saved . 
I'm babysitting . I think that news alone will shock most of the people who read it . 
I just woke up from a bizarre dream , the last thing I remember was an incoming rocket , and an explosion that knocked me into the air . I felt the sensation of hitting the ground and found myself on my living room floor , coughing and desperately looking for my gun before realizing it was just a dream I'd had after falling asleep on the couch , and then falling off of said couch in my sleep . 
In the dead of night I laid next to her , holding her , even though she won't remember . As I held her I felt her body ease , sleeping more soundly in my arms , and I remembered something I too often forget . This time is precious , and fleeting , but for that moment my mind was clear , for that moment I existed with her , in the quiet of the night , and found a moment of bliss . 
On my 4th day at Evergreen I had a transcendent experience , as part of a class . I didn't realize until today how much I had forgotten about my nature as a mystic . 
Just back from Zombies vs Humans . Which included an epic last stand , the heartfelt devouring of two of my most delicious classmates and proof that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and I work amazingly well in the apocalyptic scenarios . Or as I think of them \Extreme < PROPMALE > LARPs \"" 
First twitter now Facebook . Pinning their character limits on me and making me write blog entries and notes , respectively . 
I just had the greatest fucking idea for a one shot WoD game ever . HOWEVER , it can only be played by the same group that played my previous WoD one shot game , because only they know enough of the history of my ongoing setting to get just how awesome/terrifying this will be . 
I've just acquired the first part of my Halloween costume , and I'm enjoying it a bit more then I should . 
I'm not sure if it's the sudden influx of cold wet rain or the fact that I'm still scratching the surface of Fallout : New Vegas that's kept me from getting almost anything done today . 
I only have two serious tests this quarter . I spent the night before this one in sleepless tossing and turning , and woke up with the sensation that there was ice in my veins , hastily did the test , then shambled home to collapse . It's going to take a lot of work to correct for this . 
I need recommendations for audiobooks . I'm going to be driving around a thousand < PROPMALE > this weekend . 
I have been feeling deeply lost recently , and today I've realized that I need to hold onto this feeling . This is the pain of fading back into my normal self from my true self , it's the confusion at the sudden absence of light , and it may be my only hope for making genuine change . 
I am experiencing a kind of mental breakdown . I would like to discuss this with people , but not right now . Tomorrow , inquire , but right now I think I just need to hold onto the gash in my mind , and understand what it's trying to tell me . 
I had a flash of insight today . It's time for me to build a new Altar . 
Setting Facebook up to answer questions like \Why were you born\ " seems like I might be asking too much of Facebook . " 
A movie I'm just starting on Netflix opens with the Starz Play , made for TV movie thing , followed by a TV-MA for nudity , language and content . It was a beautiful shot of nostalgia to staying up to watch late night cable porn back in the mid 90s . 
< PROPMALE > Miller , 1932-2010 , was nothing short of Legendary . He left this world just after midnight this morning . May he find the rest and peace he so richly deserves . 
I hate < PROPMALE > bank . They managed to charge me $50 despite the fact that I closed my account over three weeks ago . If only there was some way to yell at the organization without antagonizing the employees . 
I got my sword in the mail today . It's perfect . It's the same feeling I had when I first picked up a Katana , that my arm is complete . 
Snow ! 
This snow is getting pretty intense , and it looks like it's all going to ice over tomorrow . 
There's a perverse joy that comes from walking around in 20 degree weather wearing flip flops and a v-neck shirt . It's a joy that quickly freezes to death , but still . 
At long last a new white-board is acquired . The Madness can now properly resume . 
It's interesting , but I always seem to make amazing strides in developing as a person at the same time that I'm making egregious errors in my professional performance . I guess I can only learn so much at a time . 
Mmm Mmm , that is some delicious illegal milk . 
In my eyes new worlds are forming ... 
I almost wish I hadn't just spent an hour writing out things on my whiteboard just so I could write the phrase \EYE AM ETERNAL\ " in giant red letters across the whole thing . It really captures the horror that is at the axis of the action based action story I'm hopefully sculpting . " 
2:30 a.m. Geez , I sleep in two hours and my whole schedule is fucked . 
Balderdash ~ ! 
It's like I'm a snowglobe . I shook myself and I felt a thousand < PROPFEMALE > things rise up inside , the profuse feeling that flows with this pittance rise in pulse , but still a < PROPFEMALE > of sights as they fell back down . 
The contenders are in . Which will be better , normal Safeway eggnog that I've Irished up a bit , or Pennsylvania Dutch eggnog fresh from the liquor store . 
So , if anyone in < PROPFEMALE > is hungry , I'm making a roast , but it's just me here today , so feel free to come by and have some . 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only four words , what do you say to me ? \ 
\ 
Note : If you comment , please copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours ... 
A fascinating kind of perception distortion . It's almost an inperception of the preceeding moment , so that you have none of that sensememory lingering on your tongue/ears/skin , and in addition you seem to be discovering the events of the immediate past . Hmm ... The whole field of chronoceptive hallucinations gives me some interesting ideas for Scion . 
To all American citizens out there I wish you a < PROPFEMALE > U.S. Federal holiday of Christmas . At this time in the darkest part of the year I invite you to join me in sitting in the dark , staring into a fire and pondering deeply the nature of government influence . 
Okay . That's every achievement . I'm putting fallout back in it's box , wrapping the box in caution tape , and putting it away so that game will stop sucking hours out of my life . 
Cthulhupalooza II has been announced . February 19th . I need to start saving/planning as this may be my only < PROPMALE > to fulfill my 2011 ambition of seeing Thickets live in Concert . Any and all are invited to pile into my car and join me , provided you have the means to get into Canada . 
I'd like to thank XKCD for leading me to read wikipedia's entire list of common misconceptions . 
I spent $200 on a very large book that discussed all of basic physics from Newtonian motion through optics and electronics . Today I spent $200 to buy 15 or so books , which together weigh about the same as that one physics book . The real difference is that this time I'm going to actually read all of the two thousand pages of books I've just purchased . 
I'm getting progressively more and more concerned about the amount of information I'm putting on the internet . Hence the newfound lack of any photos that tag me , and any real information on my Facebook profile . 
Tycho , of Penny-Arcade , has some kind of bizarre lens through which he speaks to the twisted chords in the darkened cloisters of the infinite labyrinth in the parts of my mind that lie beyond mortal definition . It's the only explanation I have for his effortless ability to reinterpret Rihanna's Distrubia as a tale of Lovecraftian madness , and to immediately impart that same interpretation to me . 
I've managed to schedule every minute of every weekday between now and March 7th in Google calendar . Lets see if a PDA can actually work as intended . 
Wuh ... still sick 
** WARNING *** The national weather service has issued a Falling Bear warning for Chicago Sunday starting at 1:00 p.m ( 10:00 A.M PST ) and continuing throughout the afternoon until the end of the fourth quarter . Falling Bears could be heavy at times especially around the Soldier Field area . Heavy accumulation is likely ! \ 
* REPOST ALL OVER ............ SEAHAWK NATION ! * 
Why does every movement use the muscles in my neck !?! 
A single sentence by Lao Tzu just derailed me for half and hour . I'm just now back from an extended meditation on \True words are like their opposite . \"" 
I'm almost mad about this . I just thought of a great idea for Scion , but it's a fundamental rewrite . I'm not 100% sure yet , but I may be scrapping the \Things that should not be\ " story for my new idea which I'm calling \ " Scion : No God but God . \"" 
Heavy Rain is an astoundingly good game that redefines what storytelling can be . If you have access to a PS3 you must play this game . 10/10 . 
Depression and anxiety are not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support . 
Someday my propensity for laughing like a homicidal madman when I get story ideas for pen and paper roleplaying games is going to get me in trouble . For now it's just puzzling < PROPFIRST > . 
The cleanse has officially begun . The lemon juice , syrup and Cayenne mixture is more intense then I expected it to be . 
I think the reason this cleanse has so much cayenne in it is to train your body to be afraid of consuming things . The hunger hasn't been that bad , and I'm crediting it entirely to the system shock that comes from drinking the lemon juice cayenne cocktail . 
There's something about waking up to this much cold gray snow just makes you want to quit . It's that ursine instinct to go back to sleep and wait until the world is a bit less depressing . 
In between working on the things I should actually be writing I keep finding myself writing \The Ballad of Texas West\ " a story set in the Scion universe . " 
It's days like this that make me glad I keep so much emergency readiness stuff on me . My car is ice welded to the ground , so it seems like I'm not going anywhere for a while . 
Ice formed on the inside of my car's windshield . 
Hell yeah new hat . It's also my favorite hat , by virtue of it being my only hat . 
watching rain melt snow is oddly poetic . The formless removing the form , but never changing the substance . 
I am off the wagon , in terms of caffeine . I hate to say it , but right now I need that cerebral overload energy to keep up with my own overactive mind . 
The < PROPMALE > talks are amazing . There's no other word for it . I wish I had started watching them earlier , or that I was awake enough to watch more . 
The more I toy with the Dragon Age pen and paper RPG the more I love it . I love the 3d6 system , I love the setting , and I absolutely adore the character creation . It's everything I like about fantasy games , without all the bullshit that is taking the fun out of D&D . 
I think I'm done with D&D , and probably with WOTC in general . It takes only a quick review of the last campaign to realize that the parts that I really enjoy are coming from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s storytelling , the interplay between the party members , my own love of writing characters , spending time with my friends , and the genius of writing a cross generational story . None of that really needs the D&D system . 
I'm trapped in an annoying marketing loop . I want to see Cedar Rapids , and I keep seeing ads for it that remind me that I want to see Cedar Rapids , but it's not showing within 30 < PROPMALE > . 
I've extremely tired right now , but I've just turned a third of an outline into half of a paper , so I think it was worth it . 
I've been watching Martial arts movies in my downtime to help keep me focused on my project and Ong-Bak keeps mocking me . I'd watch it , but every time I think about it I have this urge to rush out and do a weeks worth of Muy Thai research in one night . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . 
Damn , some classes fill up fast . 
I don't think I properly understood just how much I had learned about the Martial Arts until today . 
Go to your profile . The first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? I got all the key Zombie movie roles . My old physics teacher < PROPFIRST > Spenner ( The Brains ) My Brother ( The Looks ) Me ( The Muscle ) < PROPFIRST > Loula Hellerman ( The Girl ) < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( The Wild Card ) and someone I friended so I could have more allies in castle age ( The guy who dies ) 
I had a dream that I walked past a man yelling at a church . When I asked him why he told me that his brother was a fanatic . That he thinks the world is ending , and so quit his job , sold his house , and went off to join a monastery . Then he asked if I thought the world was going to end . I said no , but I did think that in thirty years when people ask about his brother the monk , this will make a great story . 
I never really liked Two and a half men , but I'm really enjoying all of the < PROPFIRST > Sheen parodies . 
I was playing Minecraft to help clear my head , and I had an idea for a burst explosive based mining platform , and for once it all actually worked the way I planned . It never blew up in my face , it did exactly what I wanted it to , and I was having a lot of fun firing it again and again ... Then I got to the bottom of the map , and there wasn't a point to it anymore ... 
Okay , Finally . I'm finally actually done . 
Okay , I'm finally fully awake . 
Frostys make an amazing cure for a sore throat , and somehow it tastes even better when you let it slide slowly down . 
I was caught jumping in excitement in public today . I'm distinctly less ashamed of this then I would have been in the past , and I consider it progress . 
Is it wrong that I want to resolve the space shuttle issue by giving it to < PROPFIRST > Sheen just to watch whatever crazy thing he does with it ? 
I'm recreationally declaring my current financial peril and emergency so I can crack open my \Emergency Only\ " box of MREs and indulge in some military grade flavor . " 
On the plus side I'm following through on my < PROPFEMALE > for fitness by riding my bike . On the minus side I didn't bother looking up the hand signals for riding in the street before deciding to go riding in the street . 
I bet I'm a lot fatter then the average person who walks to a food c o-o p to buy organic produce . 
My first attempt at home making California rolls turned out well . The ability to prepare my own sushi is amazingly empowering . 
Does anyone know off hand where I can buy Sushi grade fish in the < PROPFEMALE > area ? It seems like the kind of thing that's bound to be available around here somewhere . 
I saw it happening on Man vs . Food , and half an hour later I was steaming hamburgers . Half an hour later these steamed hams are delicious . 
Sitting in a cop car the other night , getting busted for parif . /poss . I realized that cop cars are the exact opposite of Cash Cab :\ 
The host is a dick . \ 
Flashy lights are on the outside . \ 
You wish you didn't know the answer to the questions\ 
They take you someplace you had no intention of going to\ 
And they take your cash\ 
#Highdeas 
( Another quote from Highdeas ) \That Super Size Me guy was an idiot . Why didn't he do his month long McDonald's binge during monopoly month ? \"" 
I changed all my passwords to ' incorrect ' . So my computer just tells me when I forget . #Highdeas 
Okay , I've completed a timeline of the first act of my Scion story . An outline that should last four or five sessions , and will sate my preparation anxiety , for now . Because I write to music it's also forms a seven song playlist 
I had completely forgotten about special attacks in Scion . I think both story and action will be heightened by the addition of fierce blows , Autofire , and of course \The Zorro \"" 
I'm think of buying a collapsible < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > sword so I can go to various outdoor places and practice without having to < PROPFEMALE > a sword . But it occurs to me that I could buy one of those collapsible toy light-sabers and get a very similar effect . I could also make light-saber noises while doing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Or do < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > at night , in the < PROPMALE > , with a glowing stick and freak out the greeners doing acid in the woods . 
At exactly 3 a.m. I found myself oddly and indisputably awake . I'm glad I don't start class again until Tuesday . 
I spent all of spring break trying to adjust to getting up at 7:30 . Then out of nowhere on the first day of class I do it without trying . Which I guess is a good thing , but still odd . 
My class is about abjection , and the horror that occurs as the symbolic order is reversed , and I have a personal mission this time . I'm going to work as many lovecraft references into my papers as possible . I'm also going to find some way to say \Yog-Sothoth is the Key\ " during a seminar . " 
Too many modern science breakthroughs are about stuff that lasts for . 000000000000000000000001 seconds ( Not exaggerating , just bothering to type out 10^-23 ) 
I have my pad , my legion of pens , and my storyteller hat . Time to write the most action packed Scion one-shot ever . 
My Taijijian ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > sword ) arrived today . Because it's part of a spiritual practice I've added it to my shrine , which is quickly starting to look like a minor armory . It wasn't intentional , but it really shows how much warrior tradition has influenced my spirituality . 
There have been a lot of big news relationship updates today , and I don't believe a single one of them . 
My instructors have told us three times now how important it is to be punctual . They have also been late to three different meetings . 
The protective skin on my phone is just the tiniest bit adhesive , so when I move it feels like it's vibrating as it rubs against my pocket . So I keep checking my phone in response to these phantom vibrations . #1stWorldProblem 
Anyone who identifies as someone who reads a lot please let me know . I have a few questions for you . 
Every now and then I come out of a night where I could not sleep with a sense of purpose . I'm dedicating today to holding onto that sense of purpose . 
Does anyone want my flail ? Pretty simple flail , two spike balls on chains attached to a stick . It's free to anyone who wants it . 
