It's 2011 , let's do it ! 

The Game Marathon , mmhmm . 
So .. Facebook is definately where everyone has been at . Let me get accustomed . 
I feel so FB-Challenged / Chemistry Homework . 
Ions , Reactions , and Hydrogen - Oh My ! 
I'm done with my homework . My room is clean . Nothing left to do .. But sleep . Goodnite . 
i need to find out what is wrong b/c i am definately in pain :( 
is wondering how there is this much homework on a wednesday . friday is really a ways down the road . 
Remembering the Good Times , and Thinking about Some Future Times ;) 
Getting Ready ; Girls Night Out ! 
Just blow dried my hair . I look like a Fawcett-Mammoth . FML , haha . 
Hair is a force NOT to be reckoned with . Do something simple to it and the mystical balance of hair is completely thrown off . Or maybe it's just this weather . 
I am about to pop my top . Let's skip the Chemistry with an exemption and move On to the Next One with a Power of One . 
Gosh . Freakin Power of One . 
TGTF . 
YesMyLife ! The past five weeks have been awesome . Thank you weekend , darn you TerraNova Week . 
Saturday Night Live , YesMyLife ! 
Question of the Day : Are You Drunk ? 
Essays . Enough Said . FML . 
Definately too many distractions for an essay . Freaking Facebook ;) FML . 
But I don't want to go to sleep .. or take < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... or go to school ! Let's all stay home tomorrow ! 
I think I should be doing chores now .. I'll just paint my nails first ;) Amsterdam anyone ? 
You know FB is interesting when you just finish painting your nails , and then you start typing . 
When I was a kid , I thought : Taking off your shoes set of fire alarms . Those were the good days . And btw I better have breakfast in my seminar tomorrow . Or Else I will have to turn to drastic measures . Just in case you needed to know all of that ;) 
Dinnertime . Meanwhile . . . What should I do tomorrow ? 
Today was a good one . I love it when you expect nothing , and get something . But ... let's make some future plans ;) 
So I think I'm going to do something offline and then go to sleep . Maybe . 
Mission Accomplished . Bangin Clean Room , Check . Humongous Hunger , Double-Check ;) 
Watching \We Got Married\ " ( Probably the best show you haven't heard of ) and doing some other not as important chores ;] YesMyLife ! " 
Having a WebCam Date ;) ! 
It's amazing how many fan pages you can join when you're bored . I think I'll watch some OnlineTelevision until I fall asleep :) 
I'm seriously beginning to wonder ... why do we go to school anymore ? I feel like everytime i walk through the doors , i'm living the same life over , and over , annddd over . I definately need a pinch . This is not a YesMyLife Moment :( 
Why would you want to be in any type of relationship with someone who wants you to be something you aren't ? Thought of the Moment . 
Dancing in my room to some music as if I were getting paid for my artistics skills . Haha . But really , I need some Power of One Inspiration . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . At least I finished Chemistry ! 
Why does time go by so fast ? Only two minutes ago it was 9:01 . I remember , I looked at the clock ! 
i feel like i just need to hide under a rock , take a couple deep breaths , and maybe shed a little bit of tears . this is really too much . 
It's ridiculous how much I appreciate and love my Daddy right now . 
Offline . 
Just got back from Dinner . Chinese Food :D Now I just have to tidy up ... The Power of One left my room a train wreck . 
Movie of the Moment : Good Hair - Do what makes you happy . Cause a woman unhappy with herself , will bring pain to every-freaking-body around her . 
Picking pictures for my Family Tree ! The nineties was a good decade , haha :) 
I am definately in one of those : Let's just chill kinda modes . Meaning , No Homework . No Clean-Up . Just sit here , and chill ... quietly . Just me , myself , and I . 
This is a pretty bad Monday and I need a love session , but that's not gonna happen right now , so I'll just go to bed . 
Phrase of the day : Because You're Black . Mmmhm . Thanks . 
Mi abuelita is mi persona favorita . < PROPFEMALE > es fantastico ! 
going to finish some quick homework , then i'm off to that dreamy state . 
Test tomorrow , wait TWO of them . And I just to so happened to forget my book . FML . 
There has got to be more to life than all this stress . Really ridiculous , I feel like I'm walking on moving wire . Feeling the pressure of it all , but really getting nowhere . One more week . 
I hate misspelled words . They irk me for some reason or another . 
Shut Up and Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is ; Coming Out Your Mouth With Ya BlahBlahBlah ! 
Happy Easter to Everyone ! Spring Break : 4 More Days . Amsterdam : Here I Come :) 
Everybody just wants a lot - not a little - of love . Glad I found it it :) 
I'm pretty sure it's written somewhere that homework should not be given for Easter weekend . 
How do I always lose what I need at the worst possible time ! Thank the Lord for Homework Passes :D 
All Quiet on the Western Front . Still . 
Finished , More Or Less . Sweet Dreams . 
It's like my horoscope was right ! 
Can you believe it's not even 9pm and ... my homework is done ! 
Oh No : Please Get Help ! The string in my hoodie came out ! You can't walk around in a stringless sweatshirt ... then it's just a sweater w/ an awkward hood ... FML ! 
Life . It's just a little difficult at times . No Yes or F , just My Life . 
is working on her All Quiet on the Western Front paper . 
i feel like i have a paper cut on my collarbone ... it sucks . 
bom chicka wah wahhh ! 
So it is oficially spring break HOWEVER it doesn't yet feel too real . 
Just found my iPod , my only source to he outside world haha . Stuck packing ... For Amsterdam ! :) 
Just got home . Feels like Spring Break ! 
Can't sleep . Day if traveling tomorrow . . . I really don't know what to do with myself ! 
I'm pretty sure the ' My Little Pony ' jingle is going to be stuck in my mind for a while . Amsterdam ; what a lovely place ;) 
I'm tired of clicking on something , and then the freaking internet tells me , DENIED because I don't live in < PROPFEMALE > . This is injustice to my nationality . 
I'm feeling just a little jet lag . 
I want nobody , nobody but you ;) 
It's gettin ' hot in here .. so hot ! but i have on all these clothes . . . . hahaa 
We're brothers , we're happy , and we're singing and we're colored . Give me a high five ! Wayans Bros :) 
Feels like Doing something Girlie . 
Just got back from Ramstein . Es gut to be back home :) 
Why won't you get out of my head ? This is something ridiculous ! 
Gotta type my NHS packet . School on Monday , yaaay :| 
Playing a game with my < PROPMALE > neighbor who's eight . And she doesn't speak English . Hopefully it'll go well if I just say yes . Haha 
Alright , Sock it to me Quarter Four . Stressful Nights , Homework Exemptions , Ridiculous Projects , Here I Come , Cause Summer 2010 is Behind You :) 
is about to get her Smurf on . Best < PROPFEMALE > , Ever :) 
Thank you iTunes . Just set you on shuffle , and everything falls into place . 
< PROPFEMALE > Weaver : I Miss You . Today was pretty blah . Tommorow will be an official S&M Day :) It's gonna be pretty bangin ' . 
Avoiding my homework at all costs . I'm still not really not digging this hw thing this week . 
I wish things could be different sometimes . Only sometimes . 
Just decided : I'm gonna grow up and stop playing games . Period . Life's too short for the bs and it's time to start doing things my way . Simple as that . 
I can see seven airplanes in the sky . They're really pretty , like stars . Thanks , Volcano . 
Watching TV / Movies . Reading Magazines . Thinking Good Thoughts . Tonight's Gonna Be a Good Night :) 
I love my bed ! 
It's a day with Daddy ;) 
About to ice the cake that I baked . Red < PROPFEMALE > w/ Strawberry . Mm Mm Good :) 
i hate when i waste my time doing fun stuff , and then later i regret it because i have actual work that i have to get done . bummer . 
isn't it funny how when things are going good , life does a complete 180 and completely throws you off ? i just can't seem to laugh this one off . 
Why are teachers always so upset ? I just walked in the building . I mean really , I'm not the one who told you to become an educator in a place full of raging teen hormones . 
has the funniest mother , ever . hahaa 
Sore Throat :/ 
I hate my internet box . It always goes at detrimental times such as this right here ! 
Yukmouth . There is seriously a rapper named Yukmouth . 
Doing nothing takes a freakin long time . 
Youtube is ruining my life ! Why are the videos so interesting ? 
Get me bodied ! Yo Beyonce ;) 
Dear Mr. Weather , I would like to wear some spring clothes . So let me know if I should order some skirts ... or if I should hold off for a couple weeks . Sincerely , a Concerned Shopper . 
I have the tendancy to worry , ALOT . Maybe it's time to just step back and let things be . . No stress on me . 
I have officially lost my iTouch . If anybody finds it I will be very very grateful . Had it last in the Annex Building :( 
They say , Whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger . Well jeez , cause then I'm pretty sure I should be wrecking cities like SheZilla by now . Let's just keep it going . 
Stop the Press ! It isn't even 8 and I have finished my work ! Maybe I should get started on the work I got today ... Nahh . 
I have so many paper cuts and scratches , I'm afraid to take a shower . Now that is ridiculous ! 
Dear Time , I appreciate all you've given me . But could you please slow down just a little bit ? I really want to enjoy these last few moments . With all due respect , Miosha . 
Don't forget to pick up your corsages and boutunnieres tomorrow ! Haven't ordered , there's still a few left . Save money this prom :) 
Guess what I found ! A Baby Born , My Cabbage Patch Doll , Some MyScene Dolls . Remember them good days ? Flashback City :) 
My legs are < PROPFEMALE > tired , but today was a success , I think . 
is about to surf youtube \very quickly\ " before I go to bed . " 
is feeling like booking some weekend plans . 
sleep . 
Chemistry Homework . 
is going to sleep . ASAP . 
Is having a creativity block . Thanks ten percent paper :/ 
There is something I've been meaning to do ... I just can't remember . Fopp ! 
Black Eyed Peas - The E.N.D. is stuck in my brain :) 
is < PROPFEMALE > very tired . 
Friday ! is tomorrow ! 
Being a teenager . FML . 
Anger is not pretty . 
So much fun last but , so tired today . Ughhh ! 
is studying to the beat of the music :) 
So much going on , I don't even know which way to go . 
Today I turned SIXTEEN . Finally . It was very low-key , but one of the BEST I've ever had . Thanks everyone sooo much ! YesMyLife :) 
Loving my Best Friend < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Watching the World Cup , South Korea ! 
New hair . It's kinda cool . 
My days just got a little brighter :) 
The first day of Summer .. spent at the clinic . Great . 
When you make a mistake , you just have to Learn . Life is never easy . 
starting to pack for the movers next week . 
First day of work . Last night in my house . This is going to be an interesting summer 
New place of resident , fifth floor . Six weeks left , they're gonna be goood ;) 
This week has been the longest week EVER , Thank you Summer Hire . 
had the best saturday in a while :) thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Tross . 
Today , I'm gonna act like it's summer . I'm gonna dress up really pretty , spend some cash while shopping , head to the library for a new book ;) and then go to the movies . Everybody needs a Luxurious-like Day . 
Since I did a horrible job letting people know , apparantly , I am leaving at the very beginning of August . Don't beat me up next week b/c I didn't tell you it was my last . This is the official \ I'm Leaving . \"" 
Watching Saturday Night Live and eating cake :) 
is about to snuggle under her covers with some magazines . I feel < PROPFEMALE > happy right now , YesMyLife ! 
Tomorrow . 
@ < PROPFEMALE > Weaver , I have had a bopper moment . 
Just finished packing , and my luggage can't even stand it's so full . This is the last Goodnight for Wiesbaden , but I'm gonna look up and forward . Thanks for everything :) 
is in the United States of < PROPFEMALE > :) 
South Carolinaa ! 
My wallet just broke , that is really really lame . Like , dorky lame . 
Happy 83rd Birthday to my Grandpa :) 
Watching Where the Heart Is . American Cable :) 
First day of < PROPMALE > Year , Accomplished . 
My dad is fighting a live crab in the kitchen . Sorry PETA , he's gonna get eaten . 
My cell phone , finally ! 
Picture Day is tomorrow , and I'm not diggin it . 
I miss you quite a lot , and I'm sad to be so far away from you . But things ain't over till it's over , and guess what .. It ain't over . 
About to enjoy my date with Youtube , the perfect way to end the night . 
I don't think anybody has a best friend like mine , Summer 2011 , lookin ' good ! 
Everytime I start to think things are gonna get better , little things like this just chip away at me ; I don't want to end up in broken pieces . 
Youtube Time :) 
i think my phone died . really phone ? you had to break when i need you the most ? thanks . 
I feel like I'm back home now . So close to Cloud 9 . 
Three Day Weekend Begins Now , YesMyLife ! 
Went to the eye doctor , so now I can't see . I guess I can't do any work :) 
I hate to say I'm back when I never left . But I hate to say I'm not sorry when I owe you so much . 
Wiesbaden 2006-2010 <3 
So ... tired ... 
The Nutcracker ! 
One more week , let's go . 
Amazing how one day can change your whole outlook . Haven't had one in a while , YesMyLife :) 
Going to deliver presents at my grandmothers :) Today is gonna be good , for sure . Positivity all around . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Watched the Wizard of Oz today , I don't think it's a Christmas movie but it made me appreciate how different my family is and I love it :) 
i feel like i'm < PROPFEMALE > close , but so far away . life is just funny that way . 
Even though the timing is a little off ... Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow :) 
please don't ever ask if the taj mahal is in indiana . and yes this has really been asked . 
I'm starting to get just a little worried about this bad weather thing ... we're slowly running out of food :/ 
College planning ? Try Cappex.com ... it's amaazing :) 
This weekend was such a blessing . RYLA 2011 <3 YesMyLife ! 
That's homework vibe ? I'm just not feeling it his week . 
I heard We R Who We Are on the way to and from my RYLA luncheon . Nostalgia much . Hot and Dangerouss .. 
Why is that when I actually need to use my computer it's so slow . I bet FB would never freeze on me when I should be doing something important . 
No matter what someone does or say , you're not insignificant . I just keep remembering that :) 
I'm having one of those Dessert and YouTube moments . I need some MeTime . 
Homework : x 
Ohh , I finished Catcher in the Rye today . Wasn't even for a school assignment . Guess who feels just a little bit enlightened . Starts with an M .. 
I always try to go back and fix things . But some things just aren't fixable ... and I'm okay with that . 
Big Bang is Back , Tonightt . 
Stupidity is stupidity . I guess I should just let people do what they do best . 
Dear school , you trippin . 
Outlet shopping on a Saturday afternoon is a pretty good idea . Matter fact it was a boss idea :) 
Woah woah woah . SAT Subject Tests ? Smh . Mister Time , dear Time ; I need you oh Time . 
Those almost perfect days where you just can't even see the bad parts ? That was my day . 
