Kelsea , bri , and < PROPFEMALE > love you ! Happy new yearrr ! 

I'm offically caught up in the world !! 
Threw my tuck today !! All by myself ! I'm pretty pumped (: 
Grey's Anatomy premier tonight ! hoping i get out of cheer in time ! 
Missing Grey's Anatomy because of my mom and wal mart :( Ugh ! 
On my way to < PROPMALE > Central . Not too thrilled about it either ! I don't feel like cheering . 
Riding home from the game that we won !! 35 to 15 . 
In my own little world , but thats ok ! (: 
Don't play games with a girl who can play better ! 
Ugh it's Monday ... Bummer ! 
Wouldn life be perfect if sweat pants were sexy , Mondays were fun , junk food didn make you fat , girls didn cause so much drama , and guys weren so confusing !! Ha 
Life is all about taking chances , doing something everyone said u couldn't do , not caring what other people think , learning to love what u have while u have it . 
is not wearing heels today . These girls are crazy . 
< PROPFEMALE > Grimmie has just became idol ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Grimmie has just became my idol ! 
Good morning everybody ! Its's Friday . Yay !! 
Playing Biloxi tonight ! I hope we don't lose our homecoming . Ha 
To all my fellow G.C cheerleaders . Today is competition day ! We got this girls !! 
I knew we had it girls !! Great job getting that first place ! 
Trying to have a positive attitude about this beautiful Monday (: 
If girls ran as much as they run their mouth , we would all be in good shape ! 
Hopes < PROPFEMALE > is ok !! Had a pretty scary practice . 
Believe that anything you can imagine , you can make real ! 
Headed to the game ! Going to whoop some Panther butt ! 
Cruise in the coast !! I'm liking it . Lol 
So exausted . I somehow managed to stay awake during church . 
Live life loud ! Why go through it unnoticed ? 
You and me , were face to face but we dont see eye to eye . Were like fire and rain , were < PROPFEMALE > and Mars , like different stars ! 
Boyfriend-stealers . Backstabbers . Crazy ex-girlfriends . Why are the biggest girl dramas always over a guy !? 
Play Hancock tonight . Won 31 to 24 ! (: 
Praise in the park with Casting Crowns ! I vote best ever ! 
Going to the house of horrors later . Me plus scary things not a good idea ! 
Life , one of the hardest words in the english language to figure out . 
It's unhealthy to obsess over what people think about you . So why are girls thinking it matters how much their shoes cost or where they got their clothes from ? 
Practicing with the east central cheerleaders tonight ! This should be fun ! 
Just because your free to say whatever you want , doesn't mean you always should . 
People keep asking me how my day was . It's a Monday !! Go figure . Ha 
It's gymnastic day ! Whoo hoo !! ( Not ) 
It's game day !! Not looking forward to this three hour drive just to cheer . 
then again i will do it for my football team !! good luck guy (: 
Shopping with my dad is like hunting with the game warden . 
Just try to imagine your life without facebook .... Kind of boring , right ? 
Today is my last day to ever be 15 . It's kinda sad ! 
Thank you everybody for the happy birthdays ! I love you all :) 
I love all my friends ! Yall know how to make me smile and laugh . Your all the best :) And thank you for the great suprise party !! I love you guys ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! Have a good day and be thankful for what you have :) I know i am ! 
When in doubt ... laugh !! 
been up since four this morning :( im not the happiest camper right now . 
Why i try to fix things ? I don't even know ! Some people make it so difficult . 
Hoping i get my bestfriend back real soon . Things shouldn't be this way at all .. 
Everything is all better :) I like it alot ! 
In the process of night practice ! Oh what joy . Ha 
Hey , it's ok to be vaguely offened when the takeout plave gives you two sets of utensils for your one-person dinner ! 
Very upset about losing my favorite necklace . 
Monday i give you a big thumbs down !! Sorry 
Recipe for happiness : 1 heart full of love , a dash laughter , 1 head full of understanding . Sprinkle generously with kindness add plenty of faith and mix well . 
Imperfection is beauty , madness is genius , and its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring ! 
Laughter is timeless , Imagination has no age , Dreams are forever ! 
Going to see those cute kids after school today ! I'm super excited :) 
Pretty bummed out cause i couldn't watch Grey's Anatomy :( 
On my way to State Competition in Jasckson ! Good luck girls ! We got this :) Whoop there it is ! 
State champions !! Great job girls ! We got that ring now :) Loud and proud ! 
When life rains on you parade .. Bring out the slip'n'slide! 
Bestfriends : We're the kind of people who laugh at a joke 3 times . Once when it's told , 2nd time when it's explained , and 3rd time when we actually get it . 
I do know it all .... I just can't remember it all at once ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody :) 
Blue 
When nothing goes right ... Go left ! 
A migrain plus allergies and sinus problems .. Yeah i feel pretty terrible . 
Be strong in the Lord , never give up hope . He's gonna do great things . God's got his hand on you so don't live life in fear and don't forget why your here ! 
Don't be a monkey ; just let go of the bananas ! 
Last day off , so depressing ... 
He thinks he's so funny ! Well guess what mister < PROPMALE > Gardner , we'll see about that tomorrow . 
On my way to cheer at the Go daddy.com Bowl with < PROPMALE > ans the family :) Pretty excited about being on ESPN . Ha 
Had quite of an experience at the game ! Saw my dad and sister yell at some drunks guys and seen them get arrested ! Ha , what a night ! 
I wonder if this day can get any longer !! 
Playing just dance 2 ! Lets just say its not working out for me . Haha 
Be extraordinary in the ordinary things of life !! 
You can never go wrong with Never Shout Never . Never ! 
Wondering why my english teacher looks and sounds like < PROPFIRST > Mouse ! Ha 
Me plus bowling , yeah this should be interesting ! Ha 
There's nothing better than a friend , except a friend with food ! 
For anybody who knows the Gardner family . Please keep them and their family in your prayers ! 
The only people you need in your life , are the ones that need you in theirs . 
Loving my life and the way things are right now . It couldn't be more perfect :) 
Feeling pretty bad again . I guess my body thinks i wasn't sick enough last night . 
Bestfriends : they know how stupid you are and still choose to be seen with you in public . 
Sadly watching this rerun of Grey's Anatomy ... But hey , its Grey's Anatomy ! 
Next Thursday guys ! Brand new episode . Haha 
A good friend is like a bra . Supportive , never leave you hanging , make you look good , and always close to your heart ! 
Big thumbs up for a great new episode of Grey's Anatomy :) 
Finally got my letterman today ! Super excited :) 
Above all else , guard your heart , for everything you do flows from it ! Proverbs 4:23 
My mom has lost it ! She asked me to start our fireplace ! Haha 
So sore ! Skipping cheer for a month was not a good idea ! 
Looks like I won't make it home from cheer in time to watch Grey's Anatomy :( 
Once again i suck at bowling !! 
So proud of my best friend ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > Burge :) 
We're gonna miss you < PROPMALE > ! Good luck < PROPMALE > ! 
Public announcment : I just wanted everyone to know that it's the best brother-in-law's birthday ! Happy birthday < PROPMALE > ! I love you :) 
A lie can travel halfway aound while the truth is putting on its shoes . -- < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Playing just dance . Once again I suck at this < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > ! Ha 
Counting down the days until Disney ! :) 
Happy Birthday Karlea :) 
Happy Birthday Autumn ! I lovee you :) 
Can't wait to hit the road for Disney ! Just a few more hours and its go time ! Haha 
I'm offically at Disney World ! Gonna have a blast with my best friends this week :) 
Eating at Planet Hollywood ! Probably one of the coolest restaurants ever ! 
Headed to Animal Kingdom today ! Pretty excited :) 
Just experienced the biggest adrenaline rush on Mount Everest !! Pretty great 
Just watched the best Beauty and the Beast musical ! Fixing to ride Tower of Terror :( pray for me . 
Just gave my fastpass to a family from Portugal ! Good deed of the day accomplished ! Ha 
Sad I have to leave Disney World behind . Felt like a little four year old the whole time ! 
< PROPFIRST > freaking Bush , I lovee you too !! 
Well , today starts the first day of tryouts ! Joy ha 
Why am I sore from cheerleading ? Its not like its the first time in my life to do it . Ha 
Headed to tryouts ! Freaking out ! 
Went swiming today in the coldest creek ever !! 
Can't keep my eyes open . Thanks alot Monday ! 
Just one of those days 
Just took the state writing test ! I better have made a 4 . My hand hurts nad enough ! 
Sitting in second block while < PROPFIRST > boings my curly hair ! Ha 
Hoping today is the day :) 
My hopes are crushed :( 
Phoenix bound babby ! 
