If you dont play Farm Town ... then eff you ... 

\never cross the streams \"..." 
... \Total Plutonic Reversal \"..." 
enjoys soco from watermelons .... mmmmm ... soco from the best melon in the world ... 
just got in from ft . Irwin .... the mojave blows ... 
you ever heard the saying ?.... you ever heard the saying ?... i bet you have by now at least ... 
opened doors are just closed ones ... but open ... 
i think its gonna be a sprinting match tnight ... Georgia Tech VS . Miami .... lets go Tech 
hell yeah tech put some points up ... 
Short weekend ... i effing hate mondays ... 
\I'm not wearing my magic beads you lunatic ! \"..." 
I should've won the 2009 Nobel Peace prize ... \Rugged Out \"" 
Did anybody see the Vols destroy Georgia ?.... just wondering ... 
Tech is winning .... yep ... How bout them beezzzzzzzz 
\mmmmmmmm ... forbidden donut . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Tech is on effing point .... HTTMFY ... 
\Cry ' Havoc ' and let slip the dogs of War . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare (\" Julius Caesar \") ... headed back to the suck next week ... " 
Epic night last night .... 
SPC Mullins , < PROPFIRST > R . HHC 2BCT 3ID COS Marez APO AE 09334 My Iraq Address case any one needed it or was wondering 
If 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea , do 1 out of 5 people enjoy it ? 
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything , but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs . 
You know ... What the eff is a sugar plum fairy ... creepy as hell is what it is ... 
i wish i knew who you were so i could have you try to do it to my face ... i have the paperwork fellas and the NCO's to back me up ... and a big Team Rugged to those who give a shit about their boy and know the shit he had to go through to get what he earned on not just one occasion ... Team Rugged out ... 
Read the regs you twinkle douches ... you dont get a CMB for treating casualties you get it for being a BAMF Team Rugged S . O . B ... you'll never be as good as me ... i bring people back from the dead you sorry wanna be's . Go study some more and come back to me when you've been a Bad Ass medic for 5+ years ... 
To quote the late great Colonel Sanders ... \I'm too drunk to taste this chicken \"..." 
Its like the movie Red < PROPFEMALE > , only swazie is not here to save us all ... I guess ill just become a mindless socialist apathetic blob like the rest of the country who made no effort in stopping the dismemberment and defiling of our rights to freedom and taking a giant shit on our most precious of documents created for the sole purpose of protecting those rights ... 
when does the book burning start ? Think they'll let me keep my copy of animal farm ? 
not SGT yet but will be soon .. just smoked the board now i need promo points ... 
Happy to be in the Ga with my beautiful wife and my awesome son who im pretty sure could beat up < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... 
< PROPFIRST > is the love of my life and i would give anything worldly or eternal to make her the happiest woman on the world ... i love you my sweet wife and i am glad to be home with you and our awesome son ... 
a happy Independence Day to my Love , my son , my family , my dear friends , my Rugged boys fighting the good fight , and my hard charging brothers in arms all over the middle east . Thanks to all for the love and support ... 
Oh and in case you didnt already know i got the wife preg on R and R ... Round two here we come ... 
I miss my beautiful wife ... 
Sergeant Mullins , Thats all I have to say .... 
A man can name a number of occasions in his life when he becomes proud of a cause a person or some heroic action committed by himself , a family member or a friend but when his one and a half year old son walks outside with his mother and sees a bug on the ground bends down and stares at it with the philosophical gaze only seen used by a young person in their years of bewilderment at the simplest things says 
Thanks everyone for the love ... its awesome to be back . ill be getting my cell re-activated today so just call my bad ass wife to get a hold of me till then . Team Rugged \States\ " Chapter Re-effing activated . " 
A bicycle can not stand on it's own ... it is two tired . 
A vulture boards an airplane , carrying two dead raccoons . The stewardess looks at him and says , Im sorry , sir , only one carrion allowed per passenger . 
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly , so they lit a fire in the craft . Unsurprisingly it sank , proving once again that you cant have your kayak and heat it too . 
If you don't pay your exorcist you can get repossessed . 
A grenade fell onto a kitchen floor in < PROPFEMALE > resulted in Linoleum Blownapart . 
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting over what to eat for lunch , < PROPFEMALE > is a well-armed lamb contesting the outcome of the vote . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
just saw the new \TRON\ " legacy movie trailer ... crapped my pants full of awesome . " 
< PROPFIRST > clipping Cains toenails ... you would think she is clipping his toes off by the way he is reacting ... going to help . 
Played Black OP's till five in the morning last night ... er ... this morning ... that game is sick . 
What a way to break in a new fire pit ... good food , good drink , good company , good rugged fire . 
Huhhhhhuhuhueeeuh omg it's snowing , omg it's so pretty omg frozen rain is so weird it's like rain but like frozen omg omg omg . Holy crap it is winter people you know that time of year when the temperature is opposite of hot . 
Purple tilt ..... delicious . 
Jersey Shores ending was so profound and philosophical this evening . Hahaha 
New Team Rugged indoctrinates ... Dorton , Smith , < PROPMALE > , and the Team Rugged , Rugged Bastard of the evening ... Hollers who guzzled the finishing drops of brother beer and ate the hotdog floating ever so deliciously in epic man drink . From all of Team Rugged we welcome you .. Team Rugged Out ... 
Really love petunia pickle bottom hand bags and eatin pizza with the boys 
CAAIIBSS HEEYA ! 
Anybody want a cat .... not a joke . House cat who is litter trained and well behaved 
Anyone else notice the crappy voiced retard effed up the national anthem .... there are immigrants with english as a second language who know the anthem and can recite it better than that and I don't give a damn if she was nervous wah wah wah how about learn the anthem if you agree to sing it on live tv in front of < PROPFEMALE > for money you dumb bitch . 
My son peed in the toilet for the first time ever just now ... well about a minute ago .... standing up I might add what a little Rugged champ . 
Getting dumber in a ammo/fuel handler Training class . 
That no talent commie didn't forget her song for the Grammy's hmmmm ... they must be paying her more . 
< PROPFIRST > needs to get rid of that hoskie ... 
< PROPFIRST > Powell is like the hulk sept not green and not really as strong and not that big ... But def just as awesome for being Ft . Knox DS of the year ... 
Awesome day outside , nice and < PROPFEMALE > hot . Can't wait to get done with the grind and spend the rest of it with my lil man and two beautiful girls at home . 
How in the world are blues clues gas prices $1.25 ? It was a new episode ... how did they even come up with that number ... child brainwashing is what it is . And while I'm on the subject where did < PROPFIRST > get the money to pay for the four gallons of gas he filled up his car with ... and what car fills up at four gallons .... I feel like I'm taking freaking crazy pills . 
Look who's ... leg is breaking under the tremendous weight and now no more walking .... now 
