is not looking forward to a 6:30 am flight tomorrow ... especially not for getting there two hours early :P 

is home and happy 
needs to < PROPFEMALE > out with people ; also , needs time to < PROPFEMALE > out with people ! 
Yay ! I can now be officially done with dealing with collegeboard ... forever ! 
eating homemade microwave pizza quesadilla at 1am = mouthsplosion of flavor !!! 
is really excited for SU !! 
wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with people but doesn't know what to DO ! Damn you , boring Anchorage >:( 
sees rain rain rain ... 
is tired of plain old Flattop . Anyone want to take a go at Peak 1 or 2 or ( gasp ! ) O'Malley Peak on Monday ? 
made a * delicious * green chili and spanish rice steak burrito 
managed to burn half the hair off his legs . Yay for exploding grills ... 
is breaking ... 
So many sad goodbyes , too many ... 
just watched all of Amèlie in HD on YouTube . Perhaps a little odd , but a really good movie ! 
is digging the < PROPFEMALE > Spector . 
should really , really stop burning himself . The forehead is just going to far . 
is selling old pokemon cards ... sooo many 
is up past 2am for the fourth night in a row ... why can't I just sleep ?? 
got his flu shot and meningitis shot ... Now I'm sore in * both * arms :P 
is working on getting to the olympics ! 
can't find lodging in Vancouver ... 
dankt Alaska , für alle die guten Zeiten . Bald werde ich zurückkehren . Till then , then . 
danke , Alaska , für alle die guten Zeiten . Bald kehr ' ich zurück , verspreche ich . 
finds friend-making incredibly exhausting _o_ 
is exhausted after Serving Seattle . Now to coach an essay and pass out ( hopefully on my bed ) 
is dancin like it's 1989 !! 
went to his first legit club . Fun stuff ! 
finds Circadian rhythms freakin ' annoying 
is amazed to find a kaladi's in Seattle ! 
spent the last five hours studying and now , finally , feels ready for his Calc III midterm ... 
all I've got to say is : veni , vidi ! then it vici'd ... :( 
just saw < PROPFIRST > Darko for the first time . Really weird movie . I think I liked it , though . But , can anyone explain it to me ? 
is back in his Winter Wonderland , and everything is SO WHITE ! :D 
hasn't kept in very good touch with people this last quarter , and means to fix that ! 
hates it when hairdressers or barbers or whatever they're called don't listen to him ò . ó 
yay for single digit highs ! ^.^ 
looks like he got punched in the face . Yay for side-deploy airbags ! :D 
wants to go < PROPFEMALE > out with his friends , he's only seen two so far :( text me or call me if you've got ideas ;) 
only in Alaska can you see three different moose walking down your street within a week of each other . 
Something crazy is needing doing 
So ! Resolutions , everybody ? 
yay for one class a day twice a week :3 three times a week every other week > : ) 
ohhhh the devil really is in the details in spades , hearts , and every other suit when it comes to the olympics ... :P I'll get it all worked out in the end , though , don't you worry ;) 
when the violent crime within two to four blocks of campus begins to include someone getting attacked with a machete ... it starts getting a bit disturbing 
when the violent crime within a few blocks of campus makes someone getting attacked with a machete believable ... it starts getting a bit disturbing 
okay Alaskans , speak up : how many of you have machetes ?!?! 
thinks it is way to hot in this strange land 
let them down . 
\I am a liar\ " is the most paradoxical statement ever ... " 
is beginning to be known for his T-shirts ... I am becoming the Teagan Siekawitch of SU 
is hammering out the final details of NEXT WEEK's trip to Vancouver !!! 
is superincredifrickinübercan'tcontainhimselfburstingattheseems excited to be in Vancouver TOMORROW !!! :D 
has , over the past two days , walked 15 < PROPMALE > , driven 400 < PROPMALE > , and had the time of his life !! 
really , really hates not being able to fall asleep for no good reason , especially when he was supposed to get up in four-ish hours to go tutor . Sorry Madrona 8th grade girls math class :/ 
sprechen Sie queso ?? 
is grading papers ; it feels weird .. 
7 assignments/2 hours of grading left , yay ! 
sometimes I swear that Seattle is really as rainy as Iceland is icy ... 
is looking for inspiration for his final paper on inspiration ... I just need to muse something . 
had a really good time going to his first ballet ever ( Nutcracker aside ) and having a bit of an adventure getting there ( and getting back ) , but is now stuck in a coffee shop making painstakingly slow progress on a final essay .. 
Thanks to all the well-wishers ! 19 ! \ 
121645100408832000 is feeling great ! 
is Home ! He wants to climb mountains and < PROPFEMALE > out with people . Hit me up ! 
got a B+ :/ 
is excited that the chef from La Spiga ( two blocks north of SU ) is on IRON CHEF ! 
Switzerland beats Spain , Mexico beats < PROPFEMALE > , Serbia beats Germany ... what a tournament of upsets ... Letting me down , Germany :( 
got his first burn of the summer , and he hasn't even started work yet ! 
couldn't summit Mt . Marathon . It was much more intense than I imagined , up and down . Ah well , that's what I get for going it alone . Still fun , though . 
climbed a mountain at midnight . Bouyah . 
ganz nach dem Sieg , Deutschland ! 
GermanygermanygermanygermanyDeutschland ! 
is a sad day ... 
second-degree burns : old friends 
' s phone apparently decided to stop sending and likely receiving texts , so anyone who feels like getting ahold of me should * call * :P 
climbed a 4500 ft mountain . Oh yeah . 
had a Caesar salad last night , followed by prime rib with risotto and < PROPMALE > slaw , for free . I fricken love my job ( most of the time ) 
Only in Alaska 
for some reason keeps waiting for the Iraq and Afghanistan state quarters ... 
spent a < PROPFEMALE > day in the clouds ... fun and exhausting ! 
is ecstatic ! 
opened his first lock ! 
accidentally watched about five minute's of Fox News's < PROPMALE > Beck . Never having seen it before , I honestly thought it was a comedy spoof . The truth made me sad ... 
really , really wants to summit Rainier in the next few years ... 
< PROPFIRST > Jones makes me sick . 
closing up the summer like a serendipitous book . 
went on 13 hikes , totaling 29,280 vertical feet and 78 < PROPMALE > , saw an icefield , and stood on a mile-high peak . Damn good summer , no regrets . 
remember when math had < PROPFIRST > ? That was good times . 
So I got a google voice number ( 559 ) 422-0131 which you should all change my previous number to . This will work no matter if I get a new phone , or a landline (* shudder *) or whatever . However , you should also save my new cell number of about a month ( 206 ) 306-3681 because that's the number that will show up if I call or text you . Confusing , I know , but just go with it . 
It's snowing ! It's snowingsnowingsnowingsnowingsnowing ! Yay . I'm excited :D 
sledding on food trays ! Undescribably epic fun ! I love snow . 
College snow day , woohoo ! 
is rediscovering the < PROPFEMALE > of the 20-minute nap . 
has pretty much been offered two-and-a-half research positions for at least the summer . Whoa , man ... 
History and I are on a break . We're not speaking . 
passed a class that he didn't even take ! Hellz to the yeah ! 
ganz facking fertig !! Endlich ... 
Almost back to the old 907 ! 
Back in town for two weeks and two weeks only :/ 
is a medical mystery . Oh joy ? 
is progressively immersing himself in the awesomeness that is How I Met Your Mother 
had a really damn good day . 
It's < PROPMALE > the Donkey ! Jing-a-tee-jing ee-aw ee-aw ! The Italian Christmas Donkey ! Fala-la-la la la ! \ 
:D 
played Oh Hell with his friends . The first game ended like this :\ 
James : 7 Lauren : 3 Becca : 6 Myself : 70\ 
\ 
You don't wan't to know the second game ... 
