8 weeks sober this monday 

10 weeks sober today 
11 weeks sober 
13 weeks sober today 
hey wuts up everybody ? 
another sober day 
i miss < PROPFIRST > :( but i just heard from her , so :) 
i really like the ppl ive met in AA , well , i should say the freinds ive met 
Those who trust in the Lord will find new strength . They will soar high on wings like eagles . They will run and not grow weary . They will walk and not faint . < PROPMALE > 40:31 
just got in from hikking with my dog , its freezing out there 
bored outta my mind 
i just wanna snuggle up with some1 
bored 
ugh , feel like shit today , i think im deff gettin sick 
To often , we lose sight of lifes simple pleasures . Remember , when someone annoys you it takes 42 muscles in your face to frown , BUT , it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm and bitch-slap that mother .... upside the head 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings 
\I pretty much try to stay in a constant state of confusion just because of the expression it leaves on my face\ " - < PROPFIRST > Depp " 
wuts up everybody ? 
fucken cops were just at my house , harassing me about a house robbery , somebody stole computers , and someone else saw me walking around the house at the time , wich is bullshit cuz i was at aa , but they say my name keeps comming up , fucken pice of shit cops ! 
bored as hell 
Not to be able to stop thinking is a dreadful affliction , but we don't realize this because almost everyone is suffering from it , so it is considered normal . This incessant mental noise prevents you from finding that realm of inner stillness that is inseparable from Being . -Eckhart Tolle 
What Not to Say to a Policeman Get another Driving Joke » -- I can't reach my license unless you hold my beer . -- Sorry , Officer , I didn't realize I was driving . -- Wow , you must've been doing about 125 mph to keep up with me ! -- I was going to be a cop , but I decided to finish high school instead . - You're not gonna check the trunk , are you 
whats up everyone ? 
so bored 
the key to happieness is a bad memory 
its crazy how much shit people throw out of there car when thier driving , i was out yesterday picking up garbage and bottles on the side of the road , wtf is wrong with people , its a beautiful countryside where i live , but for 10 to 15 feet on the sides of the road it looks like a freakin dump , i hate that shit , 
mmm Starbucks 
clear mind , beautiful wheather , today is a great day 
well i shaved off my beard and mustache 
i just drank 2 NOS energy drinks after sleeping for 18 hours , my head feals like its buzzing and my hands are shakin , but i needed something to wake me up , cuz i was way to tired 
Today seems like a better day , no complaints 
Off to AA 
I just want to let all my family know that im ok , my mom said some of you were worried 
good morning every1 
5 . A farmer had 17 sheep . All but 9 died . How many live sheep were left ? Oh .. I'm sorry .. What ? / 6 live sheep/ still thinking/ 9 live sheep/ why isnt 8 a choice ? 
cold and rainy , it wouldnt be such a shity day if it was at least warmer and raining 
Continental Tire Sports Car Challange on rite now on speed 
4 days til vacation :) 
long day finally over , i gotta headache , gonna watch Cold Case and go to sleep early , peace 
good morning 
Headed to the airport tonite , sweet vacation fur a week in st. croix , vi 
Trains suck . im so tired , but i have to travel all nite and all day tomarow 
Bored as hell at the airport . text me if ur awake , 845 264 7942 
Still havent slept , in peurto < PROPMALE > now though 
Fml , my flight got delayed again , so tired , i still havent slept yet . i just wanna get there and lay down 
Just finishing up dinner by the water , such a beautiful place , glad to finally be here 
Had a really lazy day , its so beautiful here , the heat is a lil ruff , but i can just go in the pool or go snorkeling to kool off 
Another relaxing day on the island . i went out and took some beautiful pics in the morning , then i went into the rainforest , and now im just gonna chill for a bit before dinner . 
Last day in paridise , i dont wanna go home , but i do really miss my doggy , 
ugh , Starting my long haul back to ny . text me if u want , ill be traveling til 11pm or so , ill be pretty bored 
Well my 1st flight was a lil bumpy and the landing was a lil ruff , now just waiting a lil bit in san < PROPFIRST > for my next flight , :( no longer in st croix 
So my mom thought she could use her credit card on the train . but she couldnt , so she was freakin out a lil bit and this total stranger gave us the $ for the ticket , some ppl are really nice . i saved us alot of trouble . thank god cuz im deff tired and just wanna get home 
Good morning every1 
Captain Underpants and the perilous plot of professer PoopyPants 
I hate feeling < PROPFEMALE > tired and lazy , i really need a monster energy dtinl 
“If I seem to be reckless with myself , \ 
It's the fault of no one . \ 
All things have a place\ 
Under the < PROPFEMALE > as well as the sun . ” - < PROPMALE > Smith 
oooh ! piece of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wtf ? things r good things r bad , it doesnt really matter cuz for some reason i just really dont seam to care , its like im not me , shit just doesnt bother me like it used to . idk , i kinda like it , its prob not good , but if i cared like i used to id be really depressed and suicidle rite now , but im not , i will be at some point , but not rite now . and im ok with that , i finally get a lil break 
poopy 
Sweeeeeet !!! 
Walkin down to the river 
Still out walking around . its humid and a lil hot , but its nice out 
My toe hurts ;( 
ahh , im just chillin on a rock with a beautiful view , birds chirping and water trIckling in the background , nice hot sun against my back and a slight breeze . perfect moments 
ehh 
bored , going out for a walk , text me 
im < PROPFEMALE > bored :( 
mmm , camomile tea 
Just taking a little break from gardening , relaxing in 1 of my treehouses , leaned back with my feet up , enjoying a nice breeze on this beautiful day 
I think im gonna go up to the stone church , anybody wanna go ? hit me up or text me 
im on a < PROPMALE > , way above a < PROPFEMALE > , in the middle of the woods , in the middle of nowhere , and its so peaceful . ( and i didnt even have to drive anywhere ) 
wuts up everybody ? 
just chillin 
Birds of Prey Day , sunday June 6 
Relaxing under a little roof , rite next to a fire , just chillin with my doggy 
Another relaxing afternoon , sitting here on a big rock , looking up stream , just enjoying all that nature has to offer . its nice and cool , and when the suns not out , everything thats green looks so lush , 
Ughh , i have a dentist apointment in a little while . man do i hate going to the dentist , but my tooth is killing me , so oh well 
cant sleep 
who wants to play scabble ? any takers ? 
Good morning everyone , TGIF . especially for everybody thats worked all week . anybody have cool plans for tje weekend ? 
Whats up ppl ? im bored as hell , text me 
Chillin in the tree fort , ? just hangin out with < PROPFIRST > 
Office Space 
just chillin , tired as hell , gotta wake up mad early , -peace 
Goodmorning 
Ugh , tired and unmotivated 
Bored as hell 
Its beautiful outside but nothing to do 
Its such a beautiful nite , im out walking :) 
Such beautiful lights , such a beautiful sky , such a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > , clouds glowing so bright , grass shinning like glitter , im in another perfect moment , relaxing 
Im sarounded by fog rite now , its a lil chiiy , but it feels amazing 
OMG , I found a flying carpet , Holy Shit , Who wants to go for a ride ? 
I fell asleep at the computer last nite , and i fell out of the chair onto my face , now i have rug burn on the side of my face . sweet ! 
Wtf , csi ending , ugh 
Does any1 smoke cames cigs ? i get coupons every month fo some reason , i just got 12 new ones , im just giving them to ppl that will use them , let me know if u want them 
Camel * 
Omg , its so freakin hot out , i feel like im gonna pass out , or get sick , idk 
Just made a meeting , getting lunch now at < PROPFIRST>'s dinner in pk , then of to see the public defender , fun fun 
Hmmmmmmm !!??? idk 
Just Chillaxin 
feelin the bass , blasting some < PROPFIRST > Cox 
Chillin in the Car , on my way to easton < PROPFEMALE > . 
Over slept a lil bit , but Good morning Easton 
Ahh , almost home . 
Ugh , my tummy hurts 
Just showered , feeling really refreshed , and on my way to a meeting 
Bored , cant sleep 
Hmm , still awake 
There should be a dislike next to the like under ppls status's or comments 
ugh , i didnt sleep at all last nit , so tired 
Tired , but cant sleep 
Whats up ppl ? 
The great smell after it rains , the beautiful village of Millbrook , just a little bit cool , a < PROPFEMALE > breeze , a great walk and a great way to start the day 
Ugh , court 
My neck really hurts , ugh . 
My body is so hurting , anyone wanna give me a massage ? 
I got to see < PROPFIRST > , and i got to see < PROPFEMALE > , i missed them both , so i had a pretty good nite . :) 
Omg ! im so freakin sick 
Im feeling much better today , thank god 
Im < PROPFEMALE > bored , some1 hit me up if ya wanna chill 
Its nice and cool out now , a lil bugy tho 
Took my sleepin pill like an hr ago , it feels like i didnt take it at all , 
Such a wonderful morning , woke up with a turbo coffee , cool temps , early meeting , great conversations , and how much i love the rain . Good morning everybody 
Dover court last nite , now court in pk on this wonderful morning , yay . idk text me 
Court went great !!! 
I'm in need of a back massage ! i will give one to get one . anybody interested ? 
I wanna live in a treehouse , not a fort , but a real house built in the trees overlooking a river . Idk , i can dream i guess :) 
Another late nite , cant sleep . ugh 
Wuts up ppl ? bored , idk , text me or wutever 
Eating some Jerk Chicken and plantains at my brothers Birthday party at the Edgewood Yacht Club , RI 
Waves crashing on the wall behind me , wind blowing against my face , an old light post straight ahead , what a beautiful night , not to mention i got to kiss a gorgeous girl , < PROPFEMALE > happy rite niw 
Beautiful day 
Whats up ppl ? idk text me 
Gettig lots of sleep tonite , lol 
Blasting some tunes , drinkin a Full Throttle energy drink and cleaning 
Ok , taking a lil break and going out for a bike ride . :) 
Its nice and cool out now , i think i mite go for a walk 
Whats up pplz ? talk to me , tell me something funny . 
Hmm ......... 
is sweating like hell , riding back home from a sweet ride in the trails 
Well , it looks like a great morning , hopefully it wont be crazy hot , cuz ill be workin outside all day 
Goodmorning everyone 
so glad to be home relaxing , work was a lil ruff today , just ate , now meditation for a bit . 
I love my doggy , he's so cute ! :) 
Who wears short shorts ? I wear short shorts . lol , idk 
Good morning ppl 
Still a lil pissed , but maybe feeling a lil guilty for the way i reacted today , but , other than that , i had a great weekend 
I try to keep my head up , even tho i kno theres a shit storm ahead of me . my friends help me stay happy , i dont wanna feel stressed , i dont wanna fell depressed , i wanna have hope , i do really good for awhile , then the 1 person who should care the most , brings me rite down like she hates me , she says she loves me , but every time ive tried to kill myself or drank to much , she has pushed me over the edge . 
Little lion man ! 
Idk , time fur bed , deff pretty tired . good nite every1 
court in pk , fun fun 
Put ur hands up in the air !!!!!!!! 
So tired 
Some days your the winshield , and some days your the bug . 
Ugh 
Hey hey ! 
Goodmorning every1 
was in PK all day , Slept from late afternoon till a lil bit ago , now wide awake . bored , :( 
Idk what to say about my day so far , always some shit to deal with , 
Good morning fb 
Fml 
WHY ? 
how fickle my heart and woozy my eyes 
awake my soul !!! 
Anybody wanna give me a ride from pawling to dover , kinda stuck 
Wtf wtf !!!! big as snake is chillin on my porch , i wanna shoot him , but i dont wanna fuck up the house , fuckin shit man 
My crazy adventure of a day is coming to an end , a lil sleep , then it starts all over 
Tired 
Oh how i ate to paint ! 
I have to pee so badly ! and im on the loop bus , so many big fucking bumps , my bladder hurts , sob 
Well i guess im going to rehab today , so goodbye every1 , love you all 
Any1 wanna buy a ps3 ? make an offer 
Going away thursday morning , hit me up , say ur goodbye's , i'll miss all of you , peace my great freinds 
Last day in dover , last day on face book , ugh ! 
Court in 20 mins . i'll have some1 post the #s where i am . peace to all 
Whats up ppl , i got a few more days of freedom , so happy , i've got til monday . hit me up , crazy bored ! 
Good morning ! 
Sun finally went down , the heat is no longer blazing down on me , relaxing to a gentle breeze , as i sit here up in the trees , this day is finally coming to an end , while tomarow is just around the bend . 
Got woken up early , now i cant fall back asleep :( 
Mmm , spicy hot V8 
My back hurts so freakin bad :( 
So i kno ive said this before , but im deff leaving on monday , i love u all , goodbye 
Its my last saterday in dover , i wanna throw a party in my back yard , who's down 
anybody a dj ???? 
Hey ppl , i wanna throw a party at my house , there is no limit to thee amont of ppl 
Leaving in about 2 hours , ill hav some1 post < PROPFIRST > and times ppl can call , thanx for the support , ill miss you all 
Hey everyone , just posting < PROPFIRST>'s address : St < PROPFIRST > Turning Point , 241 North Road , Poughkeepsie , NY 12601 . He is doing great but would like to hear from friends too . 
Hey guys ... successful completion of phase 1 , now I have moved to a new home . Mail me at PO Box 190 , Poughkeepsie , NY 12601 . Life is good . 
hey wuts up everybody ? i've missed you all !!! 
316 < PROPFEMALE > ave . pk 12602 , if anybody wants to send letter or anything else to me 
well , i had a great day with my mom on her Birthday today ! today was the first time back in Dover since early september . 
hey whats up everybody ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to All 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
peace everyone 
hey whats up everyone ? i'm home for a few hours 
hey whats up every1 ? 
3/9/11 will be 6 months sober ! 
sick as hell today , but much better then yesterday 
off to Dunken Donuts 
Off to see the Wizzard ( the guy who serves me my expresso ) 
anybody wanna do the walkway today ? hit me up , im gonna go in a lil while 
\Worry is the dark room where negatives are developed \"" 
\have no fear for perfection-you'll never reach it \"" 
hey all 
so , im not going to do this , but , i was discussing Base-jumping off the WalkWay in PK , and ppl dont think that its high enough . was wondering what you think , is it possible ? 
