< PROPFEMALE > had her first shots today .. I was proud of her .. she only screamed for a minute and then cooed and smiled all the way home ... I didn't do quite as well , though ... I couldn't believe it but I cried in front of the nurses while they did it LOL I felt so stupid ! Left over pregnancy hormones ?! 

will be completely honest for 24 hrs ... you can ask me 1 question *( only in my inbox )* Any question no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . :D 
Feeling better from my surgery last week .. I've had a surgery before , but with my new family , it made this one a lot more scary . So much to lose ! But I thank God that everything went well and I get to have and hold my wonderful husband for years to come and my dearest < PROPFEMALE > as she grows . 
She's reaching for everything now .. so I prop her next to me with toys in front of her . Look away from her for a sec and she's legs spread and face down pinning a little toy elephant to the couch with her nose and looking at it 1/8 inch away from her lashes lol I had to laugh before saving her from elephant suffocation . My poor lil sweetheart 
If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ...... My man is not only my husband but my best friend & I love him with all my heart . 
There are always two sides to every story . Just because someone is fast to cry the victim , don't just assume the one not whining about it is some kind of villain . Some situations aren't as they seem at first glance . I think it's important to look for real evidence of righteousness in people's lives . 
My sweet baby was so good today . I was able to wash dishes , clothes , and even scrapbook some !! I can't believe she's the same baby as she was yesterday ! She must have understood when Mommy explained to her how no one would be home to feed her if she sent Mommy to the crazy farm . 
My husband is the greatest ! After Elauria's bath , I always just kinda rustle her hair dry with her towel and finger it down if it's sticking up some .. when he sees this he insist on getting the baby comb to brush her hair in perfect place ... gotta have his little girl looking just so ! LOL It's precious . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the FIRST entry for your name under comments . 
Hubby and < PROPFEMALE > make the most perfect company ... so even if we're all snowed in , I'm loving it ! 
My Dad started having chest pains while snow blowing his driveway ( trying to get out to my brother's house since he'd been so long without heat ) .. Anyway , so this is day number three in the hospital and the doctor put a new stint in yesterday morning . Hoping he may be able to come home later today . I feel pretty helpless being snowed in myself and 3 hours away from him . Please remember my daddy in your prayers ! 
Celebrate Valentines Day ! Change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other , copy/paste this to your profile ... and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! *** We've been together nearly a year and a half now .. not long , but the time was packed full .. We met , fell in love , got married , moved , bought a house , went to Canda and Cancun , and had a baby girl all in one year !!! *** 
~ Once in a while , right in the middle of an ordinary life , love gives us a < PROPFEMALE > tale ~ Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
My husband is in the garage right now detail cleaning/vacuuming the inside of my car ... and cleaning the engine ... win !! How awesome sweet is that ?! 
lunch time is so cute when she thinks she's helping by leaning way forward and sticking her tongue out ... wish i could teach her that the bananas come faster if she'd sit back and just open her mouth lol 
is off to see the < PROPFEMALE > cotta warriors in DC & feeling oh so cultural lol 
So ... I have this problem that some Mommies get where they think their baby is the most beautiful thing in the world .... Anyone else ever been tempted to click \like\ " on your own posted pictures ?? LOL " 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for . Copy and Paste this to your profile with your wedding anniversary . I married the man of my dreams on April 4 , 2009 . 
on the foyer chair 
Thank you to everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes ! 30 sounds kinda scary ... but it has been a great year , so that makes the number assigned to it not so bad :) 
At age 4 , we think : mom knows everything ! @ 8 : mom \ 
knows a lot ! @12 : mom doesn't really know everything . @ 14 : mom doesn't \ 
know anything . @16 : mom doesn't exist . @18 : she's old fashioned . @ 25 : \ 
mom does know about this ! @ 35 : before we decide let's ask mom . At 45 , I \ 
wonder what mom thinks about this ? At 75 : i wish i could ... ask mom \ 
...... about this . Post this if you love your mom . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s game for today : Mommy puts 10 things back into the cupboard while she pulls 12 new things out of the drawers ... I think she can sense that I'm losing ground and she's winning ! When my husband comes home and asks me what I did all day .. I'll tell him I put the spatula away ... repeatedly . 
Tomorrow is the big day ! I'm nervous , but can't wait to finally see him . Say a prayer for me ! 
