< PROPFIRST > Parrott ! 

I got to go to court tommorow . I need to buy new shoes , and maybe a shirt with buttons . 
Court went well , two more weeks in exile . I had to learn to tie a tie . Another usless skill I will never use . 
In the past three weeks I've read four books : Angels and Demons , Red Dragon , Silence of the Lambs , and Hannibal . I'm not sure if it's awsome or pathetic . 
Four weeks , five books . I just finished The Wizard's First Rule , the first in the Sword of Truth series . Now I only have to read the other ten . 
Four weeks of not seeing my kids is over ! This is going to be great ! 
One month without me and my kids completely forgot \please\ " and \ " thank you\ " . I'm sensing a lack of discipline . " 
I got my kids again YEAH ! Aiden put that down ! 
Kids gone , damn . 
I am the high road . 
I am the high road . My halo is huge . 
I am the high road . My halo is bright . \ 
( Much more approprate ) 
My son graduated pre-school today . And I wasn't there . GGRRRR ! 
I am the stillness . Call me Father . 
House hunting . 
I got < PROPFEMALE > boys back . HOORAY ! 
Boys gone until next week . 
I am infinitely patient . I will endure . 
House hunting payed off . I bagged me a beauty . Now I just have to figure out how to skin it . 
I just signed a six month lease on this cool little house . House party at my place ! \ 
I guess I need furniture first . Damn . 
I'm in need of cheap furniture anyone got any ? 
The house is coming along nicely . 
House now livable . Life is good . 
And I'm Back ! 
It just isn't the forth of July without burning yourself , or at least losing some hair . 
Divorce almost done , just a little paperwork left . I'm so excited . 
I am < PROPFEMALE > Billingsley . \ 
I am also < PROPMALE > Beaumont . 
I got a hot date tonight . I'm just not sure who with . 
Hot date when well , but alas no action . Maybe next time ... He he he ... 
As of 9:30 this morning I am divorced ! This a great day ! < PROPFIRST > unbound and completely free . Life is beautiful . 
I found that I love being single , it's the greatest thing ever . 
7:02 a.m. I was already mopping up urine . Yep , one of those days . 
Would you rather be a ghost or a zombie ? 
Still drunk on freedom , I hope I never sober-up . 
I will endure . 
Meh . 
I sustained multiple human bites at work , but I got two days off . \ 
I love my job . 
Crackers ! 
2/2/2011 2:53 PM 
I've finished reading Pillars of the Earth , great book . \ 
Now I'm going to finish Atlas Shrugged . 
When I bought Atlas Shrugged the back said it was about a guy trying to destroy the motor that runs the world . I thought cool , like a journey to the center of the earth thing . It turns out it's a damn metaphor . If I ever meet Ayn Rand I'm going to punch him in the face . 
