Brat Fry , Schuyler Patch Ride , MarineMoms meeting , etc . etc . busy but rewarding day ahead . 

Air Show this weekend . We have a booth with Honor Flight for the WWII Veterans-should be interesting and fun . 
Good thing happened to me at work today . I have been struggling to get a report for insurance to be less than 90 days old . I had accounts WAAAAY over that . Got a check today and I have met my goal ... only took a YEAR !! YEAH !!! 
Sturgis on the River .... VROOM VROOM Can I say that even though I don't have my bike yet ... LOL 
Migraine all gone .... what a waste of a day . Oh , well , the weekend will be here soon and then LOTS of Armed Forces personnel and bikers to get associated with ... LOL 
AIR SHOW AIR SHOW !! Spending time with Veterans and friends this weekend . 
Sturgis was fun . Spent time with some friends and checked out bikes . Now , onto the Air Show and more sunburn .. OUCH ! haha 
Air Show is over ... drat . It was amazing to be with the WWII Vets and watch it with them . Many stories to tell . 
Another fun filled week at work . Then a Memorial Ride on Saturday . 
Going to mow the yard-94 degrees but most of it will be in shade . If I don't come back in 2 hours SEND OVER THE MARINES !! LOL 
I am becoming quite ' HOT ' looking . Red sunburn and my hair has went from light brown with red/gold highlights to REALLY sunbleached with a hint of red ... haha 
Dinner with friends and helping them pack . A rather enjoyable evening . 
The boss was very weird by the end of the day . Really ' happy'-hope she approves my time on Friday while she is in a good mood .... lol 
This weekend will be very busy . Not sure which missions I will do yet . 
As long as we women have the ' little blue bottle ' the men don't need their ' little blue pills ' . LOL 
The weekend is almost here .... LOTS to do . 
Can a vegetarian eat ANIMAL crackers ??!! lol 
My brother in law called me and wanted me to talk to a trucker friend of his . The guy said ' so , I hear you are hot ... are you . ' ME-'I am so HOT I melt dry ice . ' ..... LOL 
Another HOT and < PROPFEMALE > day . Don't forget your water and Gator-Aid . 
Going to check on friends ..... the heat the last few days make me worry . Sorry , lil sis syndrome ... haha 
Pretty quiet day today . Had lunch with family and then went to pay < PROPMALE > s and visit friends . Should have stuck to just < PROPMALE > paying . SOME PEOPLE were wound and onery .... LOL 
Another fun filled week at work . Looking forward to Friday night and the weekend !!! 
Very important meeting tomorrow night . We need your prayers to do His direction . Thanks ! 
Yahoomail is OUT ! How will I ever keep in contact with what is going on ?? UUGGHH 
Do you ever think of a friend and just start laughing to yourself . I do that quite often . Sometimes if I am not alone people start alot .... LOL 
Last night's meeting went well . Thanks for the prayers . Now onto the rest of the week . Looking forward to a BUSY weekend . 
If I have to deal with one more ' cat fight ' SOMEONE is getting spade ! 
I wish it was Friday evening already . It is going to be a great time and the weekend will be fun with family and friends . 
Went out for Mandarin with my sister last night . My fortune said ' Now is the time to try something new . ' hmmmmm 
Went to a Welcome Home for ONE and ended up with SIX ! Always happens . The most rewarding part is the one we went for had witnessed several of his buddies being killed over there by one of their own . He needed a BIG HUG and us there to let him know he is 
Told by a Veteran friend of mine .... ' Most branches of the Service have their own anthem . Marines are the only ones that have a HYMN .. because they are closer to God ... got to love their ' cocky confidence ' 
Monday-uuuggghhh !! Oh well-only five days until the weekend ... lol 
Got home last night after the meeting and took a shower then wanted to relax . NOPE ! sat down and ' HELLFIGHTERS ' was on . Love < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Three more Illinois Army National Guardsmen killed in Afghanistan this week . May God comfort their families and friends . Will be standing by to pay respects for their Ultimate sacrifice for our Freedoms . 
Media is obsessed with MJ-but where is the news and stories about our recent Fallen Heroes . THEY are the ones that deserve recognition !! thanks for the vent 
My 6 yr old niece asked me if I had ever been married . I told her no . Then she asked why . I told her when someone asked me I want to marry I will . Then she said ' well , can't you find anyone your height ? ' Kids are sooooo weird . 
SHHH !!! Finally have a quiet weekend . Now getting ready to download pics from : Welcome Homes , Air Show , Memorial Day Events , etc etc . Then onto studying for my motorcycle awareness class . TWO MORE WEEKS-VROOM VROOM !!! 
YEAH !!! Pictures are ALL uploaded . Enjoy , comment and borrow at will .... LOL 
A very busy week . Please remember the Talbert family in your prayers . As always-also our brave men and women serving in the Armed Forces . God bless them all . 
My boss granted Friday off . I will be able to do my part for the < PROPFEMALE > Mission of SPC Talbert . Thank you all who have already been there and for those that have sent their prayers . 
Start of a VERY busy next four days . Please pray for our military and their families . 
Today's visitation was hard . It rained outside and ' in ' . The family and community are AWESOME ! Military Appreciation Day was OUTSTANDING !! Lots of time to hug and say THANK YOU to those serving our country . 
ONE week from today and VROOM VROOM ....... riding class being ... another step closer to riding with the BIG boys and girls .... haha 
Headed to bed soon . LONG weekend still ahead . 
Another AWESOME day ! Spent it honoring our Fallen Soldiers with many friends and the Gold < PROPFEMALE > families . Then onto karaoke with friends and now off to bed to start all over again tomorrow with a special benefit for another dear friend . 
Pictures all loaded , camera cleared and ready for the next adventures . Now onto another fun filled week at the lab . End of the week will be AMAZING-motorcycle class starts Friday at 6PM . For inquirying snoops-NO there is no ' spectator ' area available ... 
FOUR MORE DAYS ! FOUR MORE DAYS ! Are you getting excited for me .... or scared for you ??!! LOL 
I miscounted ... haha TWO MORE DAYS ! TWO MORE DAYS !! VROOM VROOM ....... 
Tired of dealing with others ' insecurities and playing babysitter to adults !! I have enough problems of my own ..... thanks for the rant !! 
ONE MORE DAY ! ONE MORE DAY !!! Are you getting scared ....... LOL I know I am ... VROOM VROOM 
AND SO IT BEGINS !!! Today starts my weekend of motorcycle adventures . If you have a moment I would seriously appreciate a prayer and some kind thoughts . Nervous , scared , anxious , excited , amazed .... you get the idea ..... LOL 
First day of class went well . We were in the trailer during the storm soooo we had more question/answer time for the instructors . They started to chuckle when we would talk about something and I would start ' but the guys have told me .... ' LOL 
Second day down and one more to go . I amazed myself and the instructor . He told me ' it may take you longer to get it but when you do you are amazing . ' YEAH !! Thanks for the prayers and encouragement . I still need more tomorrow-TEST DAY !! 
Time to do more studying and then back to class to practice . I really hope I pass . I would hate to disappoint myself and others . KEEP the prayers coming ..... THANKS ! 
GOOD NEWS ! scored a 94% on written test . BAD NEWS ..... bike fell on one of the riding tests and automatic fail ..... drat !!! GOOD NEWS ! I get to take it again next month FOR FREE !! I am just proud of myself for doing this and will complete the mission . Th 
Off to work and then out to dinner with friends . We need to C-E-L-E-B-R-A-T-E !!!! 
THANK YOU to all my friends that made tonight so special . NEXT time it is when I truly pass . Which I have officially rescheduled for August 14-16th ..... VROOM VROOM 
I think the bruising is spreading down from my knees . It's going to get uglier ..... HAHA 
I am going to try and take the permit exam . I got their book and will read up on it . If I can pass it then I can get a loaner and practice . 
YEAH ! half way through the week and it is FREE wings Wednesday at Checkers .... oh the small things we enjoy .... lol 
One day closer to the weekend . Nothing big planned but still going to enjoy the time off . Have a good day my friends !!! YEEEE HAAAAAW 
Celebrating Mom's bday . Kids made her cake-very interesting ..... HAHAHA 
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY-what else needs said .... LOL 
Very productive morning meeting with friends , tried out NEW bakery ( YUM ! )- Cookies , cakes and more-half a day at work on NOW THE WEEKEND !!!! 
Small feat but one step closer . Got my motorcycle permit today .... vroom vroom 
Great Sunday ... relaxing this AM and then a WELCOME HOME in Aledo at 5PM . YEAH !!! 
GREAT Welcome Home escort . Got lots of pics and will try to add them tonight . 
Pictures are up . Now to head to bed for some rest before starting another week . 
One day closer to the weekend !! 
Migraine finally gone ... only took three days . ugh Now , please pray for no rain Friday evening and Saturday morning . 
Heard on ' Ace Of Cakes'- I wanted to make the dragon spit fire but my insurance agent said he'd drop me .... LOL 
Remember seeing this on a t-shirt ' Paddle faster-I hear banjo music ' LOL 
Another fun filled week . I hope it doesn't rain too much this week . LOTS to do . 
Celebrated my nephew's 10th birthday and the 82nd bday of a dear friend . I am truly blessed to have such special friends and family !! 
Getting closer to the weekend . Hopefully this one goes better than last month ... haha 
I PASSED I PASSED !!! VROOOOOOOOMMMMM ! I got my motorcycle license . I am still taking the ABATE make up course this weekend . THANK YOU all for your prayers and support !! 
comic strip the other day- it was so hot today I saw a weiner dog plump up on the sidewalk ....... LOL 
another one- It was so ho t-t wo baseball players were fighting over the same fan .... lol 
Getting ready to take the ABATE class again . Yes , I have my license but the completion certificate and more practice won't hurt ..... hopefully this time ... LOL 
Did the first day of class and one of the instructors is one I had last time . YEAH < PROPFEMALE > ! It seemed a little easier this time ... hopefully everything goes well this weekend . Prayers would help ... thanks 
Class not to bad this time . I learned not to use the clutch the whole time and got better at the start stop . Fell again but it was when the instructor stepped out and waved to STOP ! I used more front than rear brake . NICE knot on my elbow but not as bad as the first time . Still have tomorrow AM before test . Could use a few extra prayers . 
THANK YOU all for your prayers and support . I PASSED THE RIDING COURSE FOR ABATE !!!! I already have my motorcycle license but this was to complete the course . VRRRRRRRRRROOOOOMMMMMM !!!!!! 
Going to bed again . Didn't go to work-sick . But , can only stay in bed so long before you have to get up and at least sit to do something . Hope tomorrow's better . 
Going to try to go to work now . Headache better , stomach finally settled and fever gone . Hope this doesn't happen again for a LONG time ... haha 
Meeting tonight , tomorrow and Thursday . WOW !!! 
Just finished watching ' Green Berets'- you just CAN'T quit in the middle of a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > movie . 
Only one more day til payday ..... YEAH !! 
Very busy Friday and weekend . Definitely won't be boring .... haha 
A very unusual funeral then Celtic Games and then home to rest for tomorrow . What adventrues ..... hahaha 
Why do I sound worse today when I was in SUN yesterday than when I spent last weekend in the RAIN !! haha 
Finished mowing the front yard and trimming the bushes ( needed it BAD ) but now I feel and sound better . Really weird-usually it is the opposite .... lol 
Helped < PROPMALE > and Therece celebrate their 40th wedding anniversary . PGR friends and very sweet people . 
Last day of All < PROPFEMALE > Veterans Healing Field for this year . Another emotionally packed time to honor our Veteans . God bless them all . 
Got pictures from Closing Ceremonies and video of PGR coming in and another of them retiring the ' Lest They Be Forgotten ' flag . Will try to get them uploaded for your viewing tomorrow . WAY too tired to try now . Another OUTSTANDING and emotional year . 
Videos for All < PROPFEMALE > Veterans Healing Field uploaded . Will try to work on pictures of Closing Ceremonies tonight . 
All pictures and videos loaded and ready for viewing and comments . Enjoy ! 
Count it-TWO hours of NCIS in one night . DANG ! does anyone else think < PROPFIRST > Harmon ( Gibbs ) is HOT for a more maturely aged man ??!! lol 
Gen . Radin's last day at RI Arsenal . He will be greatly missed . Also , SIX units coming home and several single military arriving . Going to be a busy time for awhile . 
