just got home from mom & dad's . had a great day with them . Never laughed so hard !! cant wait to do it again !! 

is exhausted !! The WEDDING was a blast . Still not recovered , be sleeping on and off all day . Drank a little , Partied a little , laughed a lot . Love you family !!! 
I hope tomorrow is a great day . I'm looking forward to a fun evening !! 
had a great day at the hardware show , and the boat cruise on the B&B was AWESOME !! 
just had a great time at stringtown bar with family and friends . 
I acutally made it till 330 this morning . I never get to see the ball drop , 2011 should be a fabulous year !! 
even though we lost last night , the game was still fun and freezing !! 
is ready to take on another great week at work . Hope we are crazy busy !! 
started taking stuff off the walls so I can paint this weekend . It ;s going to be a job !! 
Go Colts and Vikings ! 
ok , super slow at work . Good thing the day's almost over !! 
is loving the snow right now . Can't wait to see chaos tomorrow at work !! 
yes ! yes ! yes ! so glad the saints won !! 
it's gonna be a great day !!! Bring on more snow ! 
Way to go < PROPFIRST > McMurray !! On to the next race !! Fontana ! 
lovin ' the snow . Bring it on !! 
is curled up by the fireplace getting ready to read a great book . The best part of it all is that grandma is here with me . 
is laying on the couch after a long day in lawn care class . My brain hurts !! 
just got home after a grueling day of hardware and snow plows , but still smiling . 
Another great day ! God is good . Don't forget to smile !!! 
had a great night with the family !! Off to < PROPFEMALE > land !! 
Thank goodness I have my computer back . I was starting to have withdraws !! 
I hope tomorrow is a fabulous day . Another day to bring a smile to someone's face ! 
Why is life sometimes so difficult ? All I want to do is be me and love everyone around me . 
Bring on a thunderstorm . I love them . Off to work my life away . 
going to bed to be back up at 12am to chaperone a bunch of kids on a retreat . Am I crazy or what ? 
still doesn't feel well . I hate being sick . 
dreading going to the doctor tomorrow . anyone want to go for me ? Have to go to Maysville though . 
sometimes I just want to crawl in a hole and not come out !! 
Partying with family is the best time you can have . Last night was the best . 
Lets go Racing Boys !!! Go < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! 
glad to be home . another day in paradise . Off to < PROPFEMALE>'s to decorate for bonko 
just relaxing after a crazy day at the house . Be glad to get tomorrow over with and see what's wrong with my back 
On my way to the pool . Need to relax a little ! 
It's official . I am having back surgery next wednesday . I just want to get it over with and be on the mend . I'm sick of feeling bad . 
had a nice evening . Went to a great place called the White House Inn for dinner with some hardware people . I would recommend the place , but it's a little far . It's up off Mulhauser Rd . Worth the drive ! 
I'm crashing after a insane day at the hardware store , I just love working my off days . Be glad when Spring is over . 
Go Michigan State ! I'm so tired of feeling like crap , wednesday can't come soon enough . 
love it outside right now . I hope it storms like crazy . 
GO BULLDOGS !! 
ok , it's finally here . My surgery is in the morning at 11:30 . Lots of prayers please ! 
I made it through . I'm home and resting . Time to recover . 
Today is rough , very sore , and stiff . Good thing they make pain meds . 
Go Tiger !!! Kick some butt !! 
GO SMOKE !!! BOOGITY , BOOGITY , BOOGITY , LET'S GO RACING BOYS !!!! 
another day of layin around doing nothing , starting to get old . 
the sun is shining , it's beautiful outside , wish I was at work to help . Oh well , can't so I won't . Another day recooping , got a ways to go , my friends and fam help me get through . Keep Smiling-I'm trying !!! 
Today has been better . Had a smile put on my face . The sun is shining , life's good . 
I made it through half a days work ! Yeah . Trying to get back in the groove of things ! 
Off to dinner with my family ! What better way to spend my evening . 
Come on , start the race ! < PROPMALE>'s on the Pole !! 
Right now , life is grand ! 
Just got news from the surgeon , I get to chill out for another 2 weeks ! Yeah , no work ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! Hope u have a great day ! 
PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT PEOPLE WITH SPECIAL NEEDS DON'T HAVE AN ILLNESS , SO THERE IS NO CURE & IT'S NOT CONTAGIOUS . THEY ONLY WANT WHAT WE ALL WANT , TO BE ACCEPTED , 93% OF YOU PROBABLY WON'T COPY AND PASTE THIS . WILL YOU BE IN THE 7 % THAT WILL , AND LEAVE IT ON YOUR STATUS FOR LEAST AN HOUR . IT'S SPECIAL EDUCATION WEEK 
Hopefully today will be a good day ! Time to get Motivated . 
There are just certain people that put a smile on your face no matter how your day is going , I love those people ! 
Go Xtreme Volleyball ! Good luck today ! 
I'm beat ! Doing nothing but laying on the couch tonight ! 
I have the best mom in the world . She went out in the rain to get me Dairy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today is going to be a great day ! Going to see < PROPFIRST > Poppins at the Aronoff ! Can't wait ! 
now off to < PROPFIRST > poppins and dinner !! 
The Show was awesome ! Dinner was good , the company was the best !! 
you think your day is going fabulous then someone comes along and puts a serious damper on it . 
What a long day . Glad to be home . Time to drink a beer and chill out ! 
here we go , first day of therapy , I hope they don't kill me !! 
This is a great day to sleep in and do nothing ... too bad that won't happen . Got to go sell hardware ! 
Just got back from a fabulous Derby party . Time to crash and burn ! 
I just had the most fabulous night ! 
so glad I'm off work today ! Time to chill out !! 
I've been through the desert on a horse with no name , it felt good to be out of the rain ! 
Just had a great time with my aunt . We had lunch and ran around , no other way to spend my off day then with fam . 
Today was rough . Tomorrow has to better . Get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my family for Mothers Day ! 
I'm done I can't take no more ! 
Today is a new day . 
ok , friends and family check out the new FB < PROPFEMALE > for Crescent Springs Hardware . I'll being adding more pics soon . Please become a fan !! 
going to celebrate my parents Anniversary ! 31 crazy years they've been together ! 
It's gonna be a great day !! 
What a fabulous day !! Had a great birthday !! Thanks to everyone for my birthday wishes !! 
two people I really want here from didn't say a word , don't ya hate that !! 
So glad I'm off today ! I can sleep the day away , and just be lazy !! 
ok , treasure isle peeps , I need a green gem PLEASE !! 
What a boring day ! Just want to sleep and do nothing ... no I have to work and be productive instead . 
If your DAD is your Hero , whether you are \ 
blessed to have him with you , or he has passed on , copy & paste this\ 
in your status & write his name .... John Hall 
I need some sunshine in my life !! 
Wishes life was so different right now . Oh well , out of my control ! 
Sort of bummed out . Went to give blood tonight and my iron was too low so I couldn't give :( 
Here's to you and you to me , the best of friends we'll always be , when and if we diasagree , fuck you , and here's to me !! - great to live by !! 
I get to get dressed up and be girly tonight ! Looking forward to a good time !! 
blue ? 
I'm sooo done ! Burnt to a crisp , but it was sooo worth it ! Great time out on brookville lake with great friends and good cold beer . 
\ So many people come into our lives ... but there are those precious few who touch our hearts so deeply we will never be the same\ " - < PROPFIRST > Englebreit " 
Another long , hot day at the store ! God , please make it go fast ! 
Man , too much cough medicine can really mess you up ! Everything is spinning !! 
INSANE AT THE HARDWARE STORE !!! 
great time , good friends , cold beer = THE BEST !! 
Happy Memorial Day ! Thanks to all who serve or have served our Country ! It's gonna be a great day . Time to chill out and drink some cold beer with friends !! 
Do I have to go back to work today ? I was having to much fun being off for a few days . 
Headed to the pool . Unfortunetly not for fun , for therapy . Oh well , I still get to swim . 
Yes !! Can't wait , going to see Earth , Wind & Fire tomorrow night !! I'll be dancing the night away !! 
Not tall , fun sized !! 
If\ 
you like this status , I'll post what I like about you on your wall . \ 
Make this your status if you want a challenge :) 
Can't wait , going to The Memorial PGA golf tournament tomorrow up in Dublin , OH . Gonna spend some quality time with my dad and watch some awesome golf !! 
Well , I'm off to see the Wizard ... I meant Tiger Woods !!! See ya peeps Tonight !! 
OMG had a fabulous time today . I got to see my two best men . Tiger Woods and < PROPMALE > Cink !! The course was absolutly beautiful , can't wait go back next year . 
Never laughed so hard in my life ! Dinner at Oriental Wok for grandma's anniversary was fabulous ! Family is the best ! 
' Well I can run just as fast as I can , to the middle of nowhere , to middle of my frustrated fears and I swear , your just like a pill , instead of making me better , your making me ill . ' \ 
-Pink 
Some days are just not meant to be ! I want to chalk this one up and start over . Tomorrow has to be better . 
hhhmmm ... what to do tonight , lay in my bed with an ice pack and a beer and chill . What an exciting life . Not :( 
I love sundays . I get to lay around the house and enjoy do absolutly nothing ! 
I don't think I ever sweat so much as I did today at work . Horendous day . I'm beat . Time to chill and drink a beer . 
ok zoo friends help a sister out . I need bumper cars bad !! All colors !! 
Wow , six years have flow by . Grandpa I miss you so much ! Think about you all the time ! Love ya !! 
Why can't life go as you want it to ? Everything is always difficult . 
Can't wait for tonight . \ 
Going to the chapel , gonna see my cousin get married , going to the chapel of love !!! 
What a day ! On the river in a boat with the fam drinking and carring on ! Doesn't get any better ! 
Why does it have to be so freakin ' hot out ? I hate it . Need to live in a pool or igloo !! 
Gonna have a great night with some friends ! Movie and dinner ! Can't wait !! 
God only gives you what you can handle , but isn't funny that we as christians wonder how much can we really handle . Help me Lord ! 
It gonna be a fabulous day !! 
FYI- Liquid Fish Oil is awful ! It's suppose to help with aches and pains , it's the worst thing I've ever put in my mouth !! 
Glad when this day is over !! 
YES YES YES !! < PROPFIRST > Busch in the wall !!! 
Roll the stone away , let the guilty pay , it's Independence Day . Let freedom ring , let the white dove sing , let the whole world know that today , is a day of reconing ! 
Let Freedom Ring !! Happy 4th everybody !! 
Let today be a great day !! Lots of prayers for people right now !! God please shine down on us ! 
I just made the best Blue Cheese potato salad for a party tomorrow ! 
I'm beat . what a day , work and 2 parties . Had a great time , good food , good friends , good fun ! 
A day in the sun kicks your butt ! I'm beat and all I did today was bake in the sun and swim . Geeezzz ! 
It's raining , it's pouring , the old woman wants to be snoring !!! 
never knew a monday morning could be so crazy !! 
I am so ready to get the heck out of town for a while !! I need a break ! 
Someone please turn the heat down ! I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE ! 
Come to me all who weary , I will refresh you , learn from me , my yoke is easy , my burden light ! Ask and you shall receive , seek and you shall find , knock it will be opened , the goodness of the Lord . - Come to me\ 
\ 
Song in my head from church this morning . One of my favs !! 
I love volunteering ! Helped out the Knights of < PROPMALE > tonight . Sold donuts at the < PROPMALE > County Fair . Sold tons of them . I don't want to see another donut for a while !! 
Someone please give me a new back and hip . I can't take it . 
sometimes I wish I could go back and change the past into what I would have wanted to happen , instead of what really did . 
mushy time .... Every single one of you are on my friend's list , as a result of conscious decision . I wanted you there !. I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on my friend's list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really is . I che ... rish family & friendships . Thank you for being part of my life ... 
I hope everyone has a fabulous day today !! 
You can't ask for a better day when you come home with 3 pairs of new shoes !! 
well , went to the reds game tonight , they need some serious help . If they don't win one of these games against st. < PROPFIRST > they are done ! 
can't wait for some time off next week . Hurry up the rest of this week !! 
going to the gym to do some water therapy ! Be back shortly !! 
What a freakin crazy morning , no computers at work due to the transformer that blew . Thanks to my expertise we're up and running again , thank God , or I might of had to close the store !! HAHA yeah right , close I don't think so !! 
I'm so beat . A full day of hardware , then 5 hours working the festival , which I loved . ready to call it a night 
My girl is in town !! Going to have a blast with < PROPFEMALE > !! Lots to do and talk about and not enough time ! 
Unfortunetly , I had to say goodbye this morning to a wonderful friend . I had to ship her back to Illinois :( Can't wait to see her again ! 
this is what happens when you take a nap during the day .... I CAN'T SLEEP !!! 
Doesn't a white cake with blackberry filling and white icing sound awesome ? I think I'll make one !! 
Back to the grind after having some time off , not looking forward to it . 
On my way to ref 6 volleyball games !! At least I get to drink some good cold adult beverages !! 
Well , it was fun playin cowgirl for the day ! CAssBA was awesome , had a great time !! Good friends , good food and lots of good drinks !! can't wait to do it again next year !! 
So looking forward to an awesome retreat this weekend . Can't wait to see God shining through all of us !! 
Yikes ! I got 5 inches of hair cut off today . I feel like a hundred pounds has been lifted off me . 
What an amazing weekend !!! God is good !! All the girls had a fabulous time , \ 
and < PROPMALE > too !! 
It feels like a monday , unfortunatly back to the grind . It's all good short week for me , off to Atlantic City on Sat . WooHoo !! 
can someone please tell me what this Sons of Anarchy is about . I must have missed the boat on this one ! 
Come on , GO SAINTS !!! 
Hate to leave everyone but I'm off to Atlantic City , NJ till tuesday !! A little work and a little fun !! 
Home again , home again !! Unfortuatly I didn't win a dime , but had a fabulous time ! ( HA , I can rhyme . ) 
Someone please remind me next time not to drink so much draft beer , man does it hurt the next morning . LOL 
WHO DEY BABY !!!! GO BENGALS !!! 
When life sends you things that are way to hard to stand on ... KNEEL !! 
Just another day . But I do get to drink martinis tonight . Going to a martini tasting can't wait !! 
Here we go . Another day in paradise .... wait I must be dreaming !!! Everyone , have a fabulous day !!! 
Starbucks here I come !!! 
I can see where I want to be , but not sure how I will ever get there . 
LOVE this weather !! Where have you been ?!! 
the best evening , sitting in the recliner , chillin , watching dancing with the stars , blanket over me and no one to answer too !!! 
Another beautiful day in downtown Crescent Springs , KY !! Lovin this fall weather !! 
REDS , REDS , REDS , REDS !!!!!!! 
What a fun night !! Hangin with my girls < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > I didn't forget about you !! We need to get together more often !! Love you guys !! 
Bengals game , nascar race , or Ryder Cup . Which one do I watch ? HHMMMMMM ?? 
Winter , Spring , Summer or Fall , all ya have to do is call , and I'll be there yes I will , you've got a friend . 
Cowboys ' butts drive me nuts !!!! 
Everybody got there Reds gear on today ?! Go get'm REDLEGS !!! 
Happy Birthday to my Uncle < PROPFIRST > !! 50 !!!! The BIG ONE !! Can't Wait to party it up !! 
What happened to cool crisp fall weather ? Forget this hot stuff . 
See what happens when you go to bed too early . Up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > . Oh well , time to get my day started !! 
Well , the trip to Keeneland was fun , but I didn't come out a winner . Oh well !! 
Why can't I just snap my fingers and life be the perfect fairytail I want it to be ? 
Just another day in paradise :P 
it's gonna be a great day !! 
I did my share of baking for a while ! 4 pans of lemon bars and a pan of brownies ! I must really love my family's birthdays !! 
This is just one of those days where I want to curl up on the couch with someone and watch a movie . What a blah day . 
Why not randomly call someone who matters to you and say \You're Awesome \"." 
I just have this feeling that it's not going to be a very good day . 
Last night I got to spend the evening with an old friend ! We caught up and talked the night away ! < PROPFIRST > , you are the best ! Great chating with ya ! 
Good day Sunshine !! Hope everyone has a blessed day !! Stay Warm !! 
UK Football and cold weather make for a great day ! Had a blast . 
here we go , first play of the freakin ' game and we fumble . Gonna be a long night . 
Here we go , another crazy day at work . I need a beer already !! 
Finish work , then off to the gym to torture myself for a while . 
Think I'm just gonna stay in tonight . It's so ugly outside . I can drink just as well at home ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all of my family and friends ! Love you all !! 
Already been out in the madness and back . Bundle up kids , it's freezin ' outside . 
Finally a night where I can chill and do nothing . 
Can't wait , UC football game tomorrow with my girl !! Gonna freeze , but well worth it !! 
Ok , Guess who my profile pic is !! I bet ya can't!! 
Gummi Bears , bouncing here and there and everywhere , high adventure thats beyond compare , we are the gummi bears !! GUMMIBERRY JUICE !!! 
I didn't know working out kicks your butt so bad . My whole body hurts ! Advil is my new best friend !! 
HEADED TO THE TEWES WEDDING !! HOPE TO HAVE A BLAST . CAN'T WAIT TO DANCE THE NIGHT AWAY !! 
what a crummy day . Just want to curl up and do nothing . I wish !! 
Why do we sleep through church ? But stay awake for a 3 hour movie ? Why is it hard to pray ? But so easy to cuss ? Why is it so hard to repost a godly bulletin but easy to repost the mean ones ? Why can people worship a celebrity but not god ? Gonna ignore this ? Afraid to get laughed at ? I bet 80% of you won't repost this ..... The lord said if you deny me in front of your friends I will deny you in front of my father . 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately ..... Re post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my loved ones ! May the light of Christ shine upon you all ! 
ONE WEEK from today I will be laying on the beach soaking up the sun in the beautiful Dominican Republic . It can't come soon enough !! 
Trying to be good !!! But it's just not working out ! Dang I tried 
Gonna be a great day ! I get to spend it with some family , watch football , and eat . What else could I ask for ?! 
I love lazy days ! Just now getting moving . Off to get my pics from vacations . Yeah !! 
Anybody seen that ' Burn the Floor ' show at the Aronoff ? Want to see it , but want some feedback !! 
layin here watching my boy Tiger play Torrey Pines . So jealous !! 
Well I can finally say I have been to < PROPFIRST > Mackys and don't think I'll be back anytime soon . 
rukiddinme !! Did anyone see that shot by ole miss ? Come on UK !! 
I just love when it's 4 in the morning and I've been awake for an hour b/c I CAN'T SLEEP !!! 
Somewhere over the rainbow ... it has to be better !! 
It's gonna be a great day , after a cup of coffee !! : * 
I thought off days were suppose to be fun and relaxing 
I am so ready to be out of town . Thursday can't come soon enough . 
Home from Nashville . I was sort of dissapointed with the Opryland Hotel . With the flood I thought it would be really neat , new and exciting , but it seemed like the same old Opryland to me . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all my wonderful friends ! 
just got done washing my car inside and out . It is goreous outside !! Too bad it's not going to last . 
I actually went out tonight . I had a good time . It's amazing how much fun you can have if you step out . 
Gonna be a very busy day !! Bridal shower for my cousin's fiance < PROPFEMALE > . Somewhere inbetween gotta watch daytona !! Go SMOKE 
Way to go Cov Cath !! Beat those Indians ! 
You mean I watched the UK game for what reason . 
the rain makes such good sleeping weather 
Got me my first pair of < PROPFIRST > boots . WooHoo . Can't wait to wear em . 
Had so much fun tonight . Doing it again tomorrow !! 
getting ready to watch Anti-Cancer the DVD . This might be boring . 
Happy Birthday Blayne !! Go Tigger !! 
CALGON TAKE ME AWAY !!!!!!!!! 
Don't forget to get your ashes today ! 
Retreat meeting tonight . Looking forward to the weekend . 
Well I was going to go drink some beer with some friends , but then I got into doing my taxes . Hmmm .. Which is more important ? 
Love getting curve balls thrown at me 
STRAWBERRY ! 
bring on the thunderstorm . good sleeping weather !! 
Anybody have a sleep number bed ? Do you like it ? I need some feedback . Considering buying one . 
so much for a fun night . I hate diabetes . Low blood sugars kick your butt . 
Go Redlegs !! 
Off to a family gathering . Then to the Funny Bone for some laughs !! Can't Wait ! 
new shoes , check . new dress , check . wedding gift , check . Ok , I'm ready to party friday !! Can't wait !! Go < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
aawww ... < PROPMALE > gatherings are the best . What a fun night . Hated to see it end . 
why do I get so wound up over stupid crap ? Seriously . 
Had a great time at Keeneland . Just me and aunt < PROPFEMALE > !! We both won some races . Yeah !! 
Turned the phone on silent and slept like a baby !! Geee , I'm getting old . 
Went to church tonight for our parish mission . Felt like I was in a Baptist church , not Catholic . He was up there preachin ' away !! Kinda funny . 
Another beautiful day in downtown crescent springs . LOL !! 
Had such a fun night . No worries , no particular place to be , just hangin out . Beer and good company !! 
shouldn't have drank that beam and coke . 
Everyone , please give blood . Our area is in great need . I just did . It only took 15 minutes . Just think , you could save a life !! 
