Sorry to tell you all this via Facebook , but it is the easiest way ... the last few days have been pretty crazy and rough ... My mom had a heart attack over the weekend and is currently in the ICU at St. < PROPFIRST>'s . She is still fairly sedated , but is showing signs of life like opening her eyes and moving her arm , and the EEG she had today showed brain activity , so these are very good signs . 

Quick update on Mom : she is out of ICU and no longer on life support equipment . She can't talk or eat yet , but is more alert and communicative , and is moving around a bit . She is showing a little improvement every day , making baby steps towards recovery . 
Update on Mom : she is now able to somewhat feed herself , and has been sitting in a chair during the day instead of laying in bed all the time . She still seems pretty weak and tired all the time , but they're talking about the defibrillator surgery like it might be in the near future . 
Update on Mom : she has been released and is at home ( for now ) . She has developed a fungus , and must take medication until it is out of her system ( maybe 6-8 wks ) before they can do the defib surgery . So , it's nice that she's home , but it also means another couple months of waiting , and then she'll have to go back in for the surgery . :P She is glad to be at home though !! 
Update on Mom : the cardiac cath has been scheduled for next Tuesday . If everything looks good , I think the surgery will be the next day . 
Donated blood for the first time today ! It was easier than I thought , and I even got cookies after . :) 
Tonight was the end of Mini-Medical School 1 at Wash U . I'm already looking forward to Mini-Med 2 in the spring ! :) 
I think the Emergen-C , chicken soup , and juice are working ... I'm still congested but at least I feel better ! I just might be lucky enough to avoid a full-blown cold . :) 
Sleep deprivation + still feeling sick = fairly lazy day today . I see an early bedtime in my near future ... 
Home sick today . :P 
Worked out at the gym for about an hour tonight . Now I'm compensating for that by eating chili cheese Fritos . 
I don't know if it's the crummy weather or what , but I've been in a lousy mood the last couple of days ... really hoping that spring finally arrives later this week . 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! 
Sick today ... bleah :P 
