It's Doppelgänger week .. during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like ... be sure to post this as your status . 

I have to get out of the house today and go to the gym . The snow is pretty , but it can melt now and warm up to 80 degrees and I would be happy . < PROPFEMALE > keeps begging to go to Grandma's cuz she is bored too . 
Just noticing how my house has become a zoo . I have one dog sitting next to me gnawing on a bone , one cat sitting next to me snoozing , one cat lying on the couch , and the other dog is playing with Gilly . I would have never thought I would have this many pets since I am a clean freak , but I sure love them . 
Life's getting a little stressful with these dogs . This housetraining thing apparently is not my thing . I am having to hire a dog trainer . Talked to one trainer that uses shock collars and I thought it was cruel at first , but now it seems like it is not a bad idea !! I should have just stuck with my 2 wonderful cats . 
Today was a beautiful day , but why does it have to get cold again ? It is amazing how much a nice < PROPFEMALE > day can lift your spirits . 
Took off early today b/c I wasn't feeling well . Too much stress = sick . I know better . Took a great nap and now I am going to do a little homework . I am sitting in the afternoon sunshine shining through the windows and smelling the orange blossoms from my tree . Very pleasant I must say . 
I hate being sick . I do find it interesting though how illness brings us back to our most basic level . Vanity is out the door . I haven't taken a shower , brushed my teeth , changed out of my PJ's , or anything . Just sitting here with a tissue stuck up my nose cuz it won't stop running . It sucks . 
Feeling much better today . Taking an antibiotic . I have learned to just give up the natural health kick when it comes to sinus infections . The thought of no sinus infections sure makes Florida sound great . Never had a one the whole time we lived there . 
Should be at work , but I am at home instead . We have been slow at work . Anyone need any physical therapy ? 
It is amazing how doors just open up at the right time . Life just seems to be falling into place . 
Just sitting here trying to think of something to talk about , but nothing comes to mind . I suppose that is better than being stressed out , mad , or sad . Life is just kinda rolling along right now . Being content is a nice feeling . 
Just got back from vacation . Some time at the beach and Disney World and most importantly time with friends . Of course it would have been more fun had my husband not been laid off during the vacation . Yes , that's right . No one ever said life is boring or if they did they lied !!! 
Florida here I come !! Can't wait to be a Floridian again . I suppose I will always be an Okie at heart though . 
House showing is going great . The house went on the MLS Friday , we showed the house twice yesterday and 2 more are coming today . That may increase as the day goes on . People are really looking . Keeping my fingers crossed . That will be one less stressor to sell fast . 
We are in contract with selling the house with a full price offer . We are now packing and preparing for the big moving day next Wednesday . It will be here soon !! 
Woke up last night . It was 2:30 a.m. and my husband was not in bed . Got up to search for him and he was not at home . Panic !! He had left at 10:30 for Wal-mart for boxes . I was about to call the hospital when I realized he had taken my cell phone . Called him and he was fine . He had came home then went back to get the boxes at 2:00 . Just made me realize how much I love him . 
Moving sure makes you tired . We are finally here in Florida . Gilly is having a good time and is making a lot of friends already . I have a feeling we will be going to the pool everyday if she has her way . 
Kinda interesting that we move away from Oklahoma and a tornado hits 2 < PROPMALE > from our house . Is it a sign ? 
So sunburned today !! Went to the beach yesterday and did not put on sunscreen cuz I was under the umbrella , but apparently that was not good enough . OUCH !! Gilly is sunburned too - poor baby and we put sunscreen on her . Combo of further south and global warming is not good . 
Had fun today at the parade . I miss my family , holidays are hard when you are used to getting together with family . Luckily I have inherited a good family here in Florida thanks to my friend < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I feel like the worst parent ever . Gilllian is sunburned again !!! She is blistered on her face and right shoulder . I bought zinc and bullfrog so maybe this won't happen again . We are all sunburned , but it was worth it . Had a blast at the beach yesterday . Waves were quit big and lets just say I swallowed a lot of saltwater getting hit and pulled under . This is why I moved here ... Paradise . 
Went to Adventure Island yesterday and had a blast . < PROPFEMALE > went down a few slides w/ the tube , but she mostly liked the spray park areas and the small kiddie slide . Used Bullfrog and none of us got sunburned , thank goodness . 
Another fun day at Siesta beach yesterday . Today cleaning , errands , and taking my husband to buy a fishing pole for some salt water fishing with the boys next week . He is so excited ! Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there . 
It sure is nice when life treats you good . Sometimes I have to wonder why my life has turned out so well and others just seem to suffer all the way through . Kinda makes me scared that at some point my luck will run out ! 
< PROPMALE > the builder ( yes our builder is named < PROPMALE > ) has officially started on our house . They are planning to pour the foundation next Thursday . It is amazing how fast it goes when someone else builds it . At this rate it may be ready in October . 
Had fun at Sea World today . The dolphin show made me cry . Animals amaze me and to see how amazingly talented and smart they are made me happy and sad that they are dying because of the idiots at BP . 
Had a great day at work today . I laughed so much that my abs hurt . I work with 2 really funny guys . I love working somewhere where I can laugh and have a good time . 
Well , it appears it is going to be a very rainy day here . I even looked to see if we could travel to Miami or < PROPMALE > and avoid the rain . No luck there either . I guess we will have to suffer like our Okie friends . 
Went to Yoga tonight and realized I may have great balance , but my flexibility really , really sucks ! 
I can't wait to get my house . Please hurry < PROPMALE > the Builder . Apartment living is ok as long as you don't have roaches and fleas , which ours does . So I am not too happy about living in a \nice\ " apartment and paying to live with the critters that should be outside ! " 
Went to play at a park by the Manatee River . We walked to the river and < PROPFEMALE > asked if there was oil in the water . Told her not yet and lets hope there never is . It would be heartbreaking . 
Went to Sea World again last night and the fireworks were amazing . < PROPFEMALE > was so tired on the drive home and she kept saying she just wanted to be asleep in her bed . Of course it didn't stop her from waking up at 8:30 this morning . 
I love what I do . I had a patient thank me today with tears in her eyes for giving her some pain relief for the first time in 16 years . Wow , what a cool job I have . 
Who has heard of the Vibram 5 fingers ? For anyone who has not tried them , they are amazing . They feel like you are walking barefoot and it is crazy how much you feel your feet and arch working . Stop buying the fancy \corrective\ " shoes and just buy something that makes the foot work properly . I highly recommend them . " 
Had a good day at work , came home to dinner my hubby made , followed by relaxation in the pool . Quite nice and so much different than it used to be . It is so nice to have a relaxing life again . 
Went to < PROPMALE > E Cheese with < PROPFEMALE > . Gotta love spending $10 for 2 tootsie rolls , 1 airhead , 1 < PROPFEMALE > sucker , and a sticker . Which in reality should cost about a dollar . Oh , well it was fun anyway . But the food , wow , I am not sure that it could get any worse . 
I love reading a good analytical book . Figured out that I am a mix of choleric and melancholic , while < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are phlegmatic . So basically I like control and perfection in my life , while the other 2 just don't give a crap ! 
Went to the Pier in St < PROPMALE > last night . We ate at Cha Cha Coconuts and had ice cream . Tonight ..... The Goo Goo Dolls !! 
So < PROPFEMALE > went down a blow up water slide at the Y and hurt her back . She had some muscle spasms that I needed to release . I may do physical therapy every day , but it is nothing like trying to keep a squirmy 5 year old still to stretch her ! But I succeeded ! 
About to go camping for the night on the beach . We have to take the kayak to get to the key so it should be interesting to say the least . 
OK , we are back from camping . Overall it went well . We all took the kayak over then < PROPFIRST > had to make one more trip for the equipment . But I just can't sleep well when camping so I am tired . We saw dolphins , spider crabs , and plenty of birds . 
So much has been going on , but I have not been been updating anyone . So here goes . Gilly loves soccer and school , buying new furniture and decor for the house which we close on in 9 days , got a promotion at work , making new girlfriends , and loving my unemployed hubby !!! Think that covers it ! 
Not feeling well today . I have been taking every supplement I have and resting . Not getting any worse , but not getting any better either . Now for the big decision , do I go to work tomorrow and potentially make things worse by not resting or do I cancel all my patients who depend on me to make them feel better . That is one thing I don't like about my job !! 
Closed on our house today !! So happy to finally be moving out of this apartment . Even though it was only 5 months it seemed like an eternity . Neighbors are so nice , everyone waves at you when you drive around . We saw a 5 foot gator in the lake too . 
Got everything important moved to the new house . We are about to go to the pool and see if there are any kids for Gilly to play with . Maybe this evening we will just sit on the lanai and look at the lake and relax !! 
I am always amazed at how life is so uncertain and why tough times in life can either make you stronger or break you . To friends that have suffered losses , to friends that are moving away ... I wish you all the best . 
Nothing like having a babysitter that lives next door ... awesome !! 
Just got back from Sea World Spooktacular . Not quite what I expected . It was hot and busy so it felt like going during the summer and there was not that much new to see . < PROPFEMALE > had fun though and she got to watch the Sesame Street Countdown to Halloween show so she was happy . 
Bought some new plants and palms to plant . I love landscaping . Course , I like it even better when my husband digs the holes and plants everything ! I just tell him where to put it . 
My husband finally got a job . Now hopefully he will pass the drug test . He has been sitting around the house for months now and things just don't seem to get done during the day and he has really had the munchies because he has ate a lot of < PROPFEMALE>'s halloween < PROPFEMALE > . I'm just sayin ' :) 
BEDLAM WEEKEND HERE WE COME !! Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Oklahoma State fan !! Being a Cowboy fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously !! There is still no known cure for it and sympathy does not help .. but we can raise awareness !! 100% of OU fans will repost this ... Simply because WE know how to copy and paste ... as well as tie our shoes !! -BOOMER ..... SOONER !!! 
< PROPFIRST > has been in line at Toys R Us for 3 hours with another 40 minutes to go . We will save like $150 if he gets all he sets out to get . This is one of those times it is great to live where it is 75 degrees out instead of 30 ! 
Went to St < PROPMALE > Beach . Not too many people so there were dolphins , seagulls , and pelicans everywhere ! Makes me feel so connected with nature to share it with them . Can't understand how people can overlook the beauty all around us . 
I am so lucky to work with a great group of people . This is the first time that I have liked EVERYONE that I work with and that is really rare . Some days I laugh so hard and just have a great time . Awesome ! 
All the ducks are flying here !!! 
Florida is not feeling so tropical tonight . We are going to be hovering just above freezing . Hope my plants make it through ! 
Nothing like being criticized for not doing something that you were never told to do in the first place . 
It is good to be home . It was nice to be with family on Christmas , but TGIF ( Thank Goodness It's Florida ) . Been outside most of the day so far , it is perfect weather out . So thanks to all my family for hospitality and good memories and I will see all of you soon . 
Tonight my daughter rubbed my feet , legs , and arms with lotion . Then massaged my shoulders . She said she wanted to do something nice for me since I am so good to her . It is amazing how as mothers we always feel like we are not quite good enough . But times like this tell me I am doing something right . I sure love her . 
BROTHER'S WEEK ! If you have a brother who has made you laugh , made you cry , HELD you when OTHERS made you cry , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , watched you FAIL , and NEVER says I TOLD YOU SO , saw you fall , picked you up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you can't live without ... copy and paste this to your status . 
I have not been on Facebook much lately , but it sounds like all of my Facebook friends are sick . Sorry everyone and I hope everyone gets well soon !!!! 
I love landscaping . It is so much fun planning out beds and deciding on what plants to plant . We are expanding our beds and moving palm trees . Everything is really starting to grow . Can't wait for everyone to see !! 
Just looking through pictures and I feel sad that I don't get to concentrate on my family more . Time is going by so fast and my Gilly is growing up . Do all parents feel like you just don't spend as much time with your kids as you should ? 
The air is filled with the smell of orange blossoms . It is my favorite smell in the whole world !! I wish I could bottle it and send to my Okie friends and family . 
I heard the sonic boom today from the shuttle returning to Earth . It was quite loud and shook the building . It passed directly over Sarasota , where I work . 
< PROPFEMALE > said she was proud of me and < PROPFIRST > because we take care of her . She then said that I am not as proud of myself as I should be , like she knows that I wonder if I am doing a good job as a mother . She never ceases to amaze me with her insight and comprehension of things way beyond her years . I am so proud of her . 
Just watched 2 male bald eagles hunt for small ducks in the lake behind our house . They kept dive bombing and the ducks kept going under . The eagles finally tired out and the sun went down so they left . Those ducks were amazing because it lasted about 10 minutes . I bet the eagles must have babies . I was so stressed out ! 
Feeling so lonely tonight . I lost my sweet Baby Girl . She was always with me . As I am going through my normal evening routine , I am realizing that she is not sitting on the counter next to me while I wash my face or waiting for me to go to bed so she can snuggle by my legs . She spent more time with me than anyone else . I am really going to miss her purr . Love you Baby Girl and thank you for 8 wonderful years . 
there comes a point in your life when ' FUN ' no longer means bar hopping , clubbing and being out until 4 am or drinking to much . it means movies , going out for family dinners , bed time stories and sleeping at 8pm . becoming a parent doesnt change you .. it makes you realize that the little people you've created deserve the best of your free time ! repost this if you are PROUD to be a parent and LOVE your \boring\ " life " 
It is a cruel joke that I am so allergic to animals . I should say some animals , well actually just some of one type of animal and not others . It is confusing to me too ?!! We got another cat to replace our Baby Girl . She is the sweetest thing ever , but she is bothering my allergies . I am going to have to take her back . Figaro ( Boo Boo ) , our other cat , will be happy . He hates her ! 
