Trying this again after an extended absence ... cannot remember the password for my old account .... hence the shotgun Friend Req's ... 

It's gonna be a great day ! Or at least better than yesterday ... :o ) 
Lunch today ... an apple and yogurt ... with a ding < PROPFIRST > and 2 reeces peanut butter cups .... washed down with a diet coke . 
says it was a beautiful evening for a long run in Northern Oklahoma . 
is profoundly upset with Da'Bears .... ah well , spiraling into the ground in a giant ball of flames is nothing new to the organization or their faithful . 
was told tonight , \I like your northern accent ... \ " Wasn't aware I had one ... dontcha know ... yahay " 
Thank the Lord for ESPN 360 !! 
Gasoline ! The breakfast of champions . 
They'd better pull their heads out ... and soon ! 
I'm like a one man wolf pack . 
How bout them Cowboys !! 
has a large amount of cert tests to take this afternoon and is woefully unprepared ... some things never change ! ;o ) 
If I could be a tear , rollin ' down your cheek , and die on your lips , my life would be complete ... 
is wondering what the odds are on today's Husker game . 
As a Husker fan who do you root for ? Mizzou or the Sooners ? Both make my stomach turn . 
SF Giants and Texas Rangers in the World Series ... go Rangers ! 
is looking for some new music ... kind of in a rut musically ... anyone got any suggestions ? Genre doesn't matter . 
Man I could go for a giant bag of bbq potato chips right now ... or funyuns .... mmmmmmmm ..... 
She's got a body stronger than Bacardi \ 
She's the best of all the girlys in the party \ 
Mean , scheme , fiend , clean , sheen \ 
She's a superior being , know what I mean 
God has three answers to every prayer . Yes , not yet , or I have something better in mind . 
\A\ 
God bless < PROPFEMALE>'s veterans ! Thank you and your families for your sacrifice . We are forever in your debt . 
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have ; it depends solely on what you think . - < PROPFIRST > Carnegie 
As\ 
of today , NEW PRIVACY setting called \InstantPersonalization\ " that \ 
\May the road rise to meet your feet . \ 
Quick poll : What's your all time favorite Christmas movie ? 
I plan on falling off the face of the Earth for the next couple of weeks so I know it's a little early but I wanted to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New Year !! 
A question for my FB friends ... is this hate speech ? \ 
\ 
“if he is elected President there is scarcely a possibility that we shall escape a Civil War . Murder , robbery , rape , adultery , and incest will be openly taught and practiced . ” 
Yes !!! Still bleedin ' < PROPFEMALE > Blue !! Go Heels !! 
