Happy NEW YEAR !! This is the year of ACTION . If you've been putting it off , this is the time to DO IT ! 

THIS IS THE MONTH TO \QUIT ! \ " Quit eating things you know are not good for you ! If you can't quit ... eat smaller portions ! " 
THIS IS THE MONTH TO \QUIT ! \ " Quit staying in UNHEALTHY relationships ! It is not okay for people to verbally or physically abuse you ! So quit lying to yourself ! " 
THIS IS THE MONTH TO \QUIT ! \ " Quit trying to change people ! IT DOESN'T WORK ! " 
THIS IS THE MONTH TO \QUIT ! \ " Quit listening to the naysayers ! " 
THIS IS THE MONTH TO \QUIT ! \ " Quit making excuses about why you are where you are or why you can't do what you want to do ! " 
THIS IS THE MONTH TO \QUIT ! \ " Quit waiting on others to give you the answers ... and start finding the answers for yourself ! If what you are doing isn't working for you ... then QUIT it ! " 
Getting things done today 
I miss my family .... 
What is up with Evanston's firework music ... the fireworks were okay but the music SUCKS ! 
I thank God for growth . Something that would have set me off does not even phase me anymore . Thats what you call GROWTH . 
Its a wonderful thing when you can make checks on your \STUFF TO GET DONE\ " list . I feel my load is lightening up . " 
I will never do a slumber party with a bunch of 10 yr old again ..... 
Got my smile on 
Getting through the mounds of paper work that has been lingering for a long time . I'm about to exhale ..... 
Look to change some old habits . 
Looking forward to the WEEKEND . TGIF soon ! 
IT's FRIDAY and my house is clean and the clothes are washed ... Going to see G- Force with my girls . 
Got to spend some time with our family friend and my God Brother , whom I have not seen in a couple of years . It wasn't enough time . Make time for the people that are important to you ! 
Funny First Saturday at the < PROPMALE > on Michigan tomorrow . If you like to laugh y'all should come check it out . IT's FUNNY people there . 
Beginning some healthier habits . Ready set go !!! 
Is getting her rest on ALL day ! Thank you , Lord . 
I Need a vacation ,,,,,,,,,,,,...... 
Had a great time with NLCO Singles ' cruise last night . I love my church 
Love my job ... 
I have no other choice but to trust GOD ! 
To all my E-Town Praying Parents : School is about to start and before they start , walk around your child's school(s ) and pray for God's Protection over OUR CHILDREN , TEACHERS , STAFF and the Grounds , that NO HURT , HARM OR DANGER may trespress . 
... and the < PROPFEMALE > turned and a NEW chapter begins 
GOT A MOMENT : READ PSALMS 91 
In the book of Judges : Don't worry about people when they write you off ... they just may NEED you later . 
Did you know that complaining takes a lot of energy that you could be using for good ? 
ALL SUMMER MY KIDS ARE HEALTHY , BUT NOW THAT SCHOOL HAS STARTED , THEY ARE GETTING SICK . WHAT'S UP WITH THAT ? 
Men are loyal Women are faithful True or false ? 
Butterflies .......... 
As the pages turn in my life , there I have great expectations that favor is all around ME !! I'm liking this chapter 
I need a massage like .... right now 
If you like or love someone < PROPMALE > after them and maybe God will let you be with them only if he or she is right for you and if they are not he will pull you back 
I need to hear from you ..... 
Enjoying this beautiful day . 
I have no other choice BUT to trust God !! NCLO- New Lifers : I wish I could be at Bible study , I'm going to cheer my daughter on in her volleyball game . 
Still trusting Him ... 
Its cold and raining .... makes you want to stay in ..... 
.. puttin things in order helps you operate better . 
God got a blessings ... with my name on it 
Still have work to do .... 
Hanging out with my nephew ... He said I make the best soup ever ... lol . A smooth talker at the age of 4 . 
Its FRIDAY y'all . The week is almost up . Thank you , Lord 
My Mom is my SHERO ..... 
When you are going through find a song that will encourage you . Praise will confuss the enemy :-) 
When two people admit that they are attracted to each other , the relationship is no longer in your control . It has to play itself out , whether the outcome is good or bad . 
SHHHH ! Today is a great day to be quiet and listen .... 
YOU CANNOT CONQUER WHAT YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO FACE ! 
You know when you have forgiven someone .... When you can talk about the situation without feeling the pain , hurt or anger . 
Sending out some HUGS to all my family and friends ! 
When you know God has your back , all you can do is sit back and watch Him work it out . 
Resentment is like you drinking poison and expecting the other person to die . 
Going to check out \Precious\ " the movie tonite " 
Is going outside ... It is soooo nice . 
NEVER PLACE A PERIOD WHERE GOD HAS PLACED A COMMA . ( Hope that helps someone today like it is helping me . ) 
This is the day the Lord has made . Let US REJOICE ! and be glad ....... ( a hard pill to swallow sometimes when things are not well , but He said Count it ALL JOY ) So I'm counting ..... 174 , 175 , 176 .... 
Squirrels ...... tried to get in my house . I had to go out and get on the roof . I was Ms. Construction Worker today . WOMAN POWER !!!! 
Sitting back , watching God turn things around . This is the year of the Lord's Favor . I got 6 more weeks .... Hey New Lifers ... 
I want to add a new dish to the Thankgiving table ... Any suggestion ( outside the traditional) ? 
Time to start cooking .... hhhmmmm 
I'm coming back to the heart of worship . 
I miss FB , I have just been so busy . I'm reminded of what this season is all about . LOVE . < PROPFIRST > 3:16 
God will overcome in our behalf if we will stay true to Him . Read the book of Obadiah 
I need some warm weather ... PLEASE !!!! 
Brown 
I love GOD !!! - New Lifers- Service was awesome today . 
I had a good day today because I decided too . 
Another day of \ACTION ! \"" 
FRIDAY .... OH ! HOW I LIKE TO HEAR \FRIDAY\ " IF ONLY IT WAS TODAY . LOL " 
TGIF .... GO DO SOMETHING FUN ! LAUGH YOUR HEAD OFF ; TREAT YOURSELF . THIS IS THE YEAR OF ACTION . START BY TAKING BETTER CARE OF YOURSELF . 
You cannot conquor what you are not willing to face . 
Write the Vision ! 
This is the year of ACTION : In your finances- pull that credit report and see how much you owe and write a plan on how you are going to pay it off . IT TIME !!! WRITE IT DOWN . How do you ask God to help you with your finances and you don't even know how much YOU owe . YOU CANNOT CONQUER WHAT YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO FACE !! 
Happy Monday FB . I'm feeling so much better today and now its back to business . Put your best smile on . The favor of God is on your life . 
Father , I want to thank you that I have your favor over my life today . Father , Thank you that You are directing my steps causing me to be at the right place at the right time . Thank you that Your favor is brining me opportunities , brining incfrease and promotion . Thank you that this will be one of my best years , In JESUS name AMEN ! 
THIS IS THE YEAR OF ACTION : Speak life into every situation . Stop telling your child and everyone that they are bad . Heres's some words you can use . Father , I thank you that my child is blessed . S/he will make good decisions ; S/he is free from strongholds ; S/he will fulfill her/his < PROPFEMALE > . In the name of Jesus I pray . AMEN See what God will do 
I heard a song from < PROPMALE > Houghton : I am not forgotten . I am not forgotten , God knows my name . God has not forgotten about you . He got you . Now put your best smile on :-D 
Started my Zumbe class today ... it was FUN ! lol ACTION ..... This is the year ...... 
This is the year of ACTION : Tomorrow I start my pilate class . I'm on a mission . Ready Set Go 
Go vote !!!! 
I need a day to just myself .... ASAP 
I got no sleep last night ... I know at some point today I'm going to crash , the question is \When ? \"" 
Its FRIDAY y'all . 
When you continue to lie about a situation the solution to the problem never comes . 
You cannot draw conclusions as long as there is missing information . Things are never as they first appear . Reserve judgement . Never attept to explain or penalize someone for actions you do not fully understand . Romans 2:1 
Make Smile ..... your style 
God may have bigger plans for our lives than we have for ourselves 
Let's keep praying for our children when they go to school 
I have no other choice but to trust GOD !! 
If we don't learn to manage pain by dissolving it or letting it go , it infects your future . - Bishop TD Jakes 
Open the eyes of my heart , LORD . I need to see YOU ... 
Remebering the good times with my family . We wll get throw this Threats family 
I Love GOD ! 
< PROPFIRST > 21:21 
Lord , give me a heart to love everyone , EVEN my enemies . I'm not there yet . In the name of Jesus . 
Every word you speak today will paint a portrait of your faith , both in your mind and the minds of those around you . - < PROPFIRST > Murdock 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her a house , she will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her a smile & she will give u her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of stuff !! 
< PROPMALE > 55:8 -9 
Faith is your confidence in God . Faith is a tool ... a key ... a weapon . Faith comes when you hear God talk . Faith comes when you speak out loud ... andthing God would say . < PROPMALE > 10:17 
Sometime we can be so clouded in our own minds that we cannot see what God is showing us . 
This is the year of ACTION ! IMMEDIATELY ... 
This is the year of ACTION : and I'm clearing my plate 
You are the offspring of a perfect God- Talk like it . His convenant with you is forever- Think like it . His prosperity is penetrating every area of your life- Live like it . 3 < PROPFIRST > 1:2 
< PROPFEMALE > and Beautiful . I ' m loving this weather . 
I just want to thank you , Lord ! 
My God is BIG ! So strong , so mighty .... 
Enjoy what you have . Hope for what you want . 
I still believe in your faithfulness I still believe in your truth I still believe in your holy word Even when I don't see I still believe- < PROPFIRST > Camp 
Father , I want to thank you that Your favor is surrounding me like a shield . Thank you that your favor is opening up doors the NO MAN can shut . Your favor is brining me supernatural opportunities , devine connections causing me to be at the right place at the right time . In the mighty name of Jesus I pray . Let the church say .... 
RIP- Gone but not forgotten 
Acts 17:27 -28 
Honor the Holy Spirit . Permit Him to move . Do not quench Him . Trusting Him is not a RISK !! 
After the pain of parting comes the happiness of healing ; rediscovering life , friends , self and joy . 
Your lose is not a surprise to God . He's already arranged a comeback . That's why I have no other choice but to trust HIM ! 
God has given us two hands . One to recieve with and the other one to give with . What are your hands doing ? 
Proud Mom ~ Brye made the Varsity team 
Proud Mom ~ Making the Honor roll all year and Varisity Cheerleader all in her 1st year in high school . How great is that ? 
Be praying for my friend K , he's having bipass surgery and he is young 
K made it through the surgery . Thanks for all the prayers . But continue to pray for full recovery . 
An Incredible God desires an incredible praise . 
Sometimes we get tired . The devil don't stop when we are at our weakest or lowest point . \ 
* You have to regroup * Encourage yourself * You can't fight the same * There need to be a difference in your walk with God * When the enemy comes- sound the alarm * This is why its important to go to church 
REBUILDING : Access the damage ; Point out the problem(s ); Have a solution/ Have a plan ; Know who has your back ; Know how to work with and who not too . 
You can make all the plans you want , but God has made His and doesnt feel the need to check in with you 
It going to be a great weekend .... get outside and play ... SAFELY .... 
Every Saint has a past and every sinner has a future 
God is so good I made it to ... I'm not telling .. lol . Thank you for all the birthday wishes . Love u all 
Refuse to give up . You are too close to your reward . A moment of pain is worth an eternity of gain . Go get your crown . 
Sometimes we have to speak to ourselves :\ 
God , I'm going to believe what You say inspite of how I feel , inspite of what my logic is telling me , inspite of how long its been . I just going to keep acting like what You said is true until its down in my Spirit . I'm going keep reminding myself that You're in control , knowing that You are a faithful God and You would never let me down . In Jesus name ... amen 
Reading Psalms 37 ... Join me 
The heart doesn't always make the best choice , it makes mistakes too . 
A friend of mine said :\ 
Men are loyal and \ 
Women are faithful . \ 
What do you think ? 
Listen to what you say about yourself . Our words have creative powers . You are prophesying your future . TODAY , start speaking FAITH filled words . \ 
Det 28 
You get what you call in .... \ 
Watch what you say . \ 
Det . 28 
I pray each day , that I not stand in my way , so that I can do what I have been created to do ... I keep remembering it isn't just about me , its about who I touch . \ 
~ Lisa Nichols 
If we dont learn to manage pain by dissolving it or letting it go , it infects the future . \ 
~ TD Jakes 
I love being surrounded by those that love me . Its like a real big hug ! 
It's pretty hard for the Lord to guide you if you haven't made up your mind which way you want to go . 
Man look at your outward appearance , but God looks at the heart . 
Can someone direct me to the sunshine please 
Thank you Lord 
I'm believing for an Ephesian 3 : 20 . Because I trust HIM !! 
Got a big blow today ... but I should have known it was coming because I am believing God . And you know what ... I still am believing and TRUSTING GOD . I have no other choice but to trust Him 
It's a new season . It's a new day . A fresh annoiting , is flowing my way . 
It was on and popping at New Life Convenant Oakwood . \ 
Thanks Pastor < PROPFEMALE > for delivering God's Word . I needed it ! \ 
I'm getting back to the heart of WORSHIP ! 
Allow yourself a < PROPMALE > to change :\ 
Every Man fails . Champions simple get back up .... and do it again . Don't be so hard on yourself . Little by little you will start tasting the Reward of your change . \ 
Discomfort is a seed for change . The willingness of < PROPFEMALE > to leave Moab qualified her to meet her Boaz , her husband . ~ Mike Murdock 
Praise and Worship are weapons that satan dreads . Demons are demoralized by it . Do not neglect this weapon . It is too powerful to ignore . As you lift your hands in worship and praise , you will literally purge the atmosphere of demon activity . \ 
Worship corrects your focus . It keeps your mind on God . 
You have two choices : Bitter or Better . One comes with chains . 
We are called Prayer Warriors not Prayer Worriers 
We never know when God is going to use the situation to present an unforgettable lesson . 
God id faithful and God is good- but that doesn't mean life is not hard ! There are always things to keep us on our knees- battles to fight and souls to win for Christ . 
No matter how skilled a soldier may be , he never goes into battle alone or unarmed . 
I put it in your hands , Lord 
A dream you dont fight for will haunt you for the rest of your life . Its not too late . Go ahead and get started . 
God never aborts a dream . 
Now God has us where he wants us , with all the time in this world and the next to shower grace and kindness upon us in Christ Jesus . Saving is all his idea , and all his work . All we do is trust him enough to let him do it . It's God's gift from start to finish ! We don't play the < PROPMALE > role . If we did , we'd probably go around bragging that we'd done the whole thing ! No , we neither make nor save ourselves . 
So today I went out to breakfast with a friend and we had talked about Black women dating outside their race . So , what's your thought ? 
Its Friday ... 
This is going to be one of my best weeks this year . 
The best man in my life has gone home today . I'm going to miss you Daddy . : , 0(\ 
Thank you to my friends and my family . I love you all . Keep us in your prayers . 
Homegoing For < PROPFIRST > Latimer :\ 
Wake Service : Tuesday , July 27 7pm-8pm@ United Faith Missionary Baptist Church 1321 Foster\ 
Visitation Service : Wednesday , July 28 9am- 10:50 am @Lake Church 607 Lake St. Evanston\ 
Homegoing Service , Wednesday , July 28 10am @ Lake Church 607 Lake St. Evanston 
Thank you everyone for all your prayers and thoughts . It was heart felt and sincere . and we appreciate it . 
Today .... is a good day . 
Get a fresh vision for your life . 
You have to come to your closed doors in order to get to your open doors . 
Why when the kids are gone , I have a lot of house cleaning to do ? 
What are you passionate about ? 
I think Im a little numb sometimes ... But I miss him : ' O ( 
If you will do what you can , God will step in and do what you can't . 
God has His way of erasing the pain ... its called Worship 
Changes are hard because its a habit , but necessary because its healthier for you . Today is a good day to start . 
God can turn the heart of a king ... \ 
Guess what He can do about your situation ? 
My song for the day is : \I'm coming out 
I just had my jumbo size coffee from starbuck and now Im feeling toasty in this freezing office . :O ) 
For all the single people that are out there .... \ 
What do you think of dating sites ? 
Come on pray with me :\ 
Father , I want to thank you , that you are blessing the works of my hands ; increasing my store houses ; for making me plentious in goods . \ 
You said You will open your good treasury and rain down favor , so Father I'm expecting your goodness in my life today . \ 
Det 28:11 -13 , I < PROPMALE > 17 ; Det 8- Read your book ;) 
Humble yourselves under the mighty hand of God , that He may exalt you in due time , casting all your care upon Him , for He cares for you . \ 
I < PROPFIRST > 5:6 -7 
Having fun with your family is one of the best investments you can make . 
I miss my best friend .... 
If God thought you need him , He would have left him in your life . So thank God for all those who left . 
Fathers , Go have a Daddy Day with your child(ren ) this weekend . 
I had a great time with my family last night . I pulled out some old photos and it was hilarious . Don't worry ... I will post them soon . LOL ! 
Put your best smile on and do something nice for 5 people you DON'T know . 
Live with GREAT EXPECTANCY ! \ 
This could be the day it turns around :O ) 
BLACK ... 
All wounds are not seen , but there is treatment . < PROPMALE > 61 
So who do you believe , a person that can telling you a bold face lie without fliching or someone with a shady back ground ? 
I woke up this morning with this song on my mind .... Donald < PROPFIRST > , \The Best Is Yet To Come\ " \ 
Be prepared . You're up against far more than you can handle on your own . Take all the help you can get , every weapon God has issued , so that when it's all over but the shouting you'll still be on your feet . Truth , righteousness , peace , faith , and salvation are more than words . Learn how to apply them . You'll need them throughout your life . 
i voted ! 
Come on , pray with me ... \ 
Father , \ 
I want to thank You that You are blessing the works of my hands . You are increasing my store houses . I want to thank You that You are making me plentious in goods . You said You will open up Your good treasury and rain down Your favor . So Father , I'm expecting Your goodness in my life today . 
You cannot conquor what you are not willing to face .... \ 
Well ... I'm not scared anymore . 
Get up and move toward success . 
The Snow is coming ..... 
What do you need to let go of to have peace in your life ? 
Now it's time to change your ways ! Turn to face God so he can wipe away your sins , pour out showers of blessing to refresh you , and send you the Messiah he prepared for you , namely , Jesus . 
You have the anointing of God wrapped around you . Act like it ! 
GOD DOES NOT ALWAYS CHOOSE THOSE ARE QUALIFIED , BUT HE QUALIFIES THOSE HE CHOOSE . 
This is my \Net Breaking\ " Year " 
I'm going to stop saying \No\ " to me and step out on FAITH ! with some ACTION ! " 
Suggested Reading : The 5 Love Languages by Dr. < PROPFIRST > Chapman\ 
Find out yours ! 
This is \Single's Awareness\ " Day ! " 
..................................... and I smile 
................................................. I choose to worship ! 
Happy anniversary - NEW LIFE ! 
Never complain about what your permit ! 
Successful prayers requires the name of JESUS ! 
Something spoken ....... can be misinterpreted . Ask questions and talk it out . 
What was the best pick up line someone used to get your attention ? 
Life is not about finding yourself , but creating who you want to be ! 
