\Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words . \ " - < PROPFIRST > of Assisi " 

is living an Attitude of Gratitude . 
“Love is what we are born with . Fear is what we learn . The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and prejudices and the acceptance of love back in our hearts . Love is the essential reality and our purpose on earth . To be consciously aware of it , to experience love in ourselves and others , is the meaning of life . Meaning does not lie in things . Meaning lies in us . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Williamson 
is grateful . 
Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words . Keep your words positive because your words become your behaviors . Keep your behaviors positive because your behaviors become your habits . Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values . Keep your values positive because your values become your < PROPFEMALE >.- Gandhi 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!! 
\Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Williamson " 
\It is the commonest of mistakes to consider that the limit of our power of perception is also the limit of all there is to perceive . \ " - C.W. Leadbeater " 
\It is love alone that leads to right action . What brings order in the world is to love and let love do what it will . \ " - Jiddu Krishnamurti " 
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . ” - Marryanne Williamson 
THE FOUR < PROPMALE > TRUTHS : The universality of suffering - People discover through rebirth , aging , and death that life is full of sorrow . We suffer this sorrow until deliverance is achieved . ... 
is awakened . I have found a new ' tool ' for my toolbox . It was under my nose all these years and I never realized it ... I am humbled . 
The greatest achievement is selflessness . The greatest worth is self-mastery . The greatest quality is seeking to serve others . The greatest precept is continual awareness . The greatest action is not conforming with the worlds ways . The greatest < PROPFEMALE > is humility . The greatest effort is not concerned with results . The greatest wisdom is seeing through appearances . 
“We live in illusion and the appearance of things . There is a reality . We are that reality . When you understand this , you see that you are nothing , and being nothing , you are everything . That is all . ” - Kalu Rinpoche 
Is enjoying this peaceful day . 
\Being ' against ' something is actually being ' against ' part of yourself ... \ " -Buddha " 
\It is only when we have the courage to face things exactly as they are without any self-deception or illusion that a light will develop out of events by which the path to success may be recognized\ " –I < PROPFEMALE > " 
“We are shaped by our thoughts ; we become what we think . When the mind is pure , joy follows like a shadow that never leaves . ” -Buddha 
wishes it would thunderstorm or at least downpour . What ever happened to April showers ? It just seems like we skipped to the May flowers ... :o \\ 
“Become a self-observer and allow yourself to become aware of your thoughts and words . Begin to understand how your own negative energies attract negative circumstances just as your positive energies attract good experiences . ” — Rev . < PROPMALE > Holt , Sacred Secrets 
is happy today is my psudo-Friday . I have a ton of things to get done tomorrow , and then we are doing Busch Gardens on Saturday ( now that the new rides are supposed to be open . ) YIPPIE ! :o ) 
is taking < PROPFIRST > for dinner at The Broken Egg Bistro to celebrate our birthdays . It was a spare of the moment idea , but I think we will have a good time . We are also booking the Bermuda cruise at the end of the month for Oct 16 , 2011 . Today we have a wonderful time at Busch Gardens . It has been a really nice weekend . Life is really wonderful .. 
\Because ordinary beings like us have not yet awakened from the sleep of ignorance we continue to live in a dream-like world of mistaken appearances and do not see the true nature of things . This is the fundamental reason why we experience suffering and are of limited benefit to others . \ " - Buddhism " 
is excited about booking our Carnival 2011 cruise to Bermuda . Just waiting for carnival to get it posted on the website ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ... Not ashamed to say I am 35 today . I can honestly say I really don't feel it . Life has been getting better and better as I get older , and wiser . 
WOW ! I truly feel loved . Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . It really means a lot that you took the time to think of me . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity \ 
to accept the things I cannot change ; \ 
courage to change the things I can ;\ 
and wisdom to know the difference . \ 
\ 
Living one day at a time ; \ 
Enjoying one moment at a time ; \ 
Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ; \ 
Taking , as He did , this sinful world\ 
as it is , not as I would have it . 
When we look at Heaven and Hell as ‘states of mind’ we realize we have control over them . We can choose to live our lives in a state of hell or in a state of heaven or bliss . We have control over our thoughts be them negative or positive , past or present . When we live today in a positive affirming state of mind we find the bliss or ‘heaven’ in the moment . 
Life is about perception and how we perceive things . We can choose to perceive things traditionally as your parents and their parents before them , or we can take a leap of faith and look at things through new lenses . We can think and perceive for ourselves . We can make our own choices and live our own lives following our own paths . 
when you strip away all the creeds and dogma from all the world religions you discover at their core every religion teaches the same Truth . I would like the think this is by God's design ( however you might define God ) . \ 
As humans we need to learn to celebrate those core Truths that we share and respect the differences that we each believe and try to learn about and honor each other . 
Passing this information on .... \ 
British Petroleum ( BP ) rep < PROPFIRST > Prescott made a comment , “Louisiana isn’t the only place that has shrimp . ” His office phone number is ( 713 ) 323-4093 his email is randy.prescott@bp.com Give him a call or send an email ! Tell him “BP isn’t the only place that has fuel for my car ! ” PLEASE REPOST ! 
\The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude . \"" 
7 Steps for Overcoming Your Ego :\ 
1 . Stop being offended . \ 
2 . Let go of your need to win\ 
3 . Let go of your need to be right . \ 
4 . Let go of your need to be superior . \ 
5 . Let go of your need to have more . \ 
6 . Let go of identifying yourself on the basis of your achievements . \ 
7 . Let go of your reputation . \ 
- Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer 
Is at peace ... 
We may not agree on everything , and that's okay ... It's life . We can also choose not to hold grudges or animosity towards people we don't agree with ... Its called compassion . 
“Self-pity is easily the most destructive of the nonpharmaceutical narcotics ; it is addictive , gives momentary pleasure and separates the victim from reality . ” - < PROPFIRST > W Gardner 
Be AUTHENTIC . It will uncover treasures you never knew existed - YOU . 
\Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words . \ " \ 
\Each one of them is Jesus in disguise . \ " -Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
\Spread love everywhere you go . Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier . \ " -Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
\In this life we cannot do great things . We can only do small things with great love . \ " -Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
I discovered what was making me feel bad , I had not exercised in over a week . A little while ago we went for the longest bike ride we have ever done and now that we are back and had a healthy lunch I am feeling great again . Amazing what a little exercise will do for ya ... 
It's a hot one out there ... Baby survived the vet although you would have thought they tried to kill him when they did the blood test , he screamed so loud we could hear him in the waiting room ! \ 
Then the termite guy came , seems like I need to put the landscaper and the termite guy in a ring and see who wins ... \ 
I think I am going to go boil in the pool for a few minutes . 
Life is about the journey and not so much about the destination ... 
is very happy - we are refinancing the condo again so we can work toward selling within 5 years . Now I just need to work toward getting that second job again to help knock out the debt - we need to do some serious saving ... 
\Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood . \ " \ 
Some exciting news . < PROPFIRST > and I are thinking seriously about opening a Bed and Breakfast / Colonial Tavern in either Smithfield or Olde Town Portsmouth . It's a long term idea 5-10 years out , but it has been something we have talked about doing and it could be really enjoyable . I think it would be a great venture should we decide to actually do it . 
\A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart . \ " \ 
\Great minds discuss ideas . Average minds discuss events and small minds discuss people ! \ " \ 
\Say nothing of my religion . It is known to God and myself alone . Its evidence before the world is to be sought in my life : if it has been honest and dutiful to society the religion which has regulated it cannot be a bad one . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
I want to take a moment to thank everyone who follows my posts and blogs . I enjoy sharing topics that I find inspiring and thought provoking in hopes that you too will find them useful in your life . Often the topics I post are things I struggle with , but find solace in sharing life's struggles and joys . 
\We look forward to the time when the power to love will replace the love of power . Then will our world know the blessings of peace . \"" 
< PROPFIRST > is recovering from the out patient . He will have to take medicine likely the rest of his life , but the Dr. said it was good that they caught this early . ( Ulcerative colitis ) Thanks everyone for all the thoughts and prayers . They took a biopsy and we should hear back in a couple weeks ... 
We are at 44 days and counting until our 10-day cruise to New England/Canada . We are both so excited and in need of a vacation . Not too much longer . Yippie !! 
\There comes atime in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and thepeople who create it and surround yourself with people who make youlaugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life istoo short to be anything but happy ! \ " - Unknown " 
“Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . ” - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
\Above all the grace and the gifts that Christ gives to his beloved is that of overcoming self . \ " - < PROPFIRST > of Assisi \ 
Let your compassion be greater than your fear ... 
Enjoying my last weekend off . I start my new weekend job on 10/16 . Feeling really good about things right now . I am enjoying my career and the people I work with . Life is good . I am truly blessed and thankful ! 
is ... 
is tired ... Its been a long week and it's just Tues night ... Hopefully I will get a second wind tomorrow . 
I pray that humankind will wake up and realize that the almighty dollar is just a green piece of paper and what really matters is life itself . Love is all that matters . 
has gone and done it . The simplicity of < PROPMALE > has won my heart . I still have a PC or two , but < PROPMALE > gets ' simple ' . I can feel my blood pressure dropping . It's a good thing . 
Not even a speck of snow here in Harbour View . :o ( 
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas .... 
“In daily life we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful – but gratefulness that makes us happy . ” 
toooo cooooolddddd .... 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ...... 
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
I have a lot of new friends on FB now , I just wanted to let you know that I don't do the games since I don't have the time ... and I am not a game kinda person ... So I don't want you to think I am being rude , it's just not something I do ... ( hugs ) 
SERENITY\ 
In the sacred silence I find peace . \ 
The Gospel of < PROPMALE > tells the story of the baby Jesus , born and laid in a lowly manger . The stars stood still over the spot ; a holy hush filled the air . At the moment of birth , the manger became a sacred place . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . Wishing you a peaceful day ... And maybe some snow ... 
CHRISTMAS DAY\ 
Christ in me is the hope of glory . \ 
On this Christmas morning , what can I offer the reborn Spirit of Christ within me ? I can offer eyes that look for the goodness of God in all people . I can offer hands ready to serve in small and large ways . I can offer feet that will walk in the path of peace and light . 
Well , I think the snow looks nice , but it has managed to cancel all our plans for today and we had a long list of things to do now that I am feeling better . Guess it will just have to wait ... 
Starting to feel like my old self again ... 
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness that most frightens us . We ask ourselves , Who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented , fabulous ? 
GRACE\ 
I am gently supported by the grace of God . \ 
Grace moves in and through my life . It is invisible and mysterious , yet ever present . In times of need I may resist inner guidance and find myself struggling to make progress . Whatever the need , when I turn within to the indwelling presence of God , I know that through grace , I will receive the answer . 
Today I vow to do everything in life with greater love . Our world depends on it ... 
Just watched the movie \Pay it Forward\ " ... Amazing movie . " 
Getting back into the routine of things for 2011 .... 
\Seek not to change the world 
INNER PEACE\ 
In the silence of the Christ Presence within , I find peace . \ 
My day is more peaceful when I spend time in meditation , contemplation and prayer . Closing my eyes , I turn within and gently disconnect from any concerns that might be weighing on my mind . I breathe into the peace of the Christ Presence within . My body and mind relax completely . 
“People are like stained-glass windows . They < PROPFEMALE > and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within . ” ~ Elisabeth Kübler-Ross 
FORGIVE\ 
I forgive , and I am whole . \ 
When even one sheep strays from the flock , the shepherd searches to bring it safely back . As a daily practice I search my thoughts to see if I have shut anyone outside my heart . If I discover one locked out in anger , resentment or hurt , I open my heart in forgiveness . 
just over a week ago I weighed in at 262# ... Today I weighed in at ... 246# ... I am back at my pre-cruise weight . Now 50# more to go ... 
\All men are created equal . No matter how hard they try 
Its official we are now Ex-Sprint Customers and now New Verizon Customers ! Much better plan and customer service . Overall I am pleased . I have to say , the Harbour View Verizon store is top notch ! 
What a day ... I have been running all over the place all day long . Just got home at about 4pm ... Got a lot done ... 
is INSPIRED to ' be the change . ' 
Survived another weekend . Looking forward to the week ahead . Life is truly good . 
Competition creates separation , it creates winners and losers . It is what is destroying our society ... 
When it comes to our food , we do have options . Become informed and exercise those options ... 
Time to crack down on my diet again , just got the lab results cholesterol is back up ... ( total 204 , trig 174 , HDL 38 , LDL 131 ) absolutely nothing with cholesterol from here on out . I do not want to go back on Lipitor ! 
Yay Friday ! 
New Zero water tank leaked and flooded kitchen ... Good reason to get up early and mop the floor ... Yay , NOT ... 
Getting ready to head to < PROPFIRST>'s for work ... 
ready for the adventure of a new week ahead . Wishing everyone well ! 
I don't like the new photo , going to work on a new one . I think I blinked and my part is on the wrong side ... lol I am my own worst critic ... lol 
YAY Friday ! 
“Love is what we are born with . Fear is what we learn . The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and prejudices and the acceptance of love back in our hearts . Love is the essential reality and our purpose on earth . To be consciously aware of it , to experience love in ourselves and others , is the meaning of life . Meaning does not lie in things . Meaning lies in us . ” - M . Williamson 
Heading to work , demoing Pepperoni Take and Bake Pizza for the umpteenth time . LOL Nothing like smelling like a slice of pizza at the end of the day ... Too funny . I can't complain , pizza is super easy to demo and sell . Members love it and its a great day to buy pizza for the big game !!! ( that I will be at home for , watching something else ... lol sorry , not a sports fan . I don't like competition . ) 
