Yea im a UT student .... doesn't make me a vol !!!!! War Eagle !!!!!! 

what a great , long weekend ! but now ... ooooh back to school , back to school , to prove to dad that im not a fool , i got my lunch packed up , my boots tied tight , i hope i dont get in a fight ooooh back to school , back to school , back ... to .... school ... 
kodi burns you rock my world !!!!! 
so im sitting here in the library , studyin for two HUGE exams i have tomorrow . i look down at the table , and someone has etched the words \spank kids\ " into the surface . im confused ... am i supposed to spank my kids ... when i have some ? were they telling someone to randomly spank their own kids ? or should i run around and start spanking every kid i see ? hm ..... " 
time for wings and karaoke !!! 
pulled an all-nighter , about to go to my two friday classes , then im driving home . (( to the ham !!! )) this is probably not among the smartest things ive ever done . but the ipod's charged , so it's gonna be a cheeeeezy 80s marathon all the way down !!! 
in the ham and loving it . already been shoppin at the summit , eaten a huge country breakfast , and had lunch at < PROPMALE > n nicks . im home . :) 
BLUE SKY !!!!! how ive missed you !!!!! 
think i mighta found a job !!!! waitin on a call back ! fingers crossed ! 
word of the day : snot . 
side effects that should be on the written on the cold medicine pill box : your head will feel like it is a helium balloon floating 10 feet above your body and attached by an elastic string . a warning would have been nice . :) 
so i think its cool when professors move exams back to a later date that just so happens to coincide with two other scheduled exams on the same day . thats pretty cool . thanks . no pressure . life is easier now . yay . 
tests ? owned . fall break ? celebrate ! 
new job . new apt . new city . here's to new beginnings . ;) 
o . my . lanta . hahahaha 
im thankful for friends who drive an hour basically just to sit down and have a sweetwater blue with me . :) 
avoiding the mistake i made yesterday of drinking 3 shots of espresso and 4 HUGE cups of coffee . i think i can i think i can . im fighting off this caffeine addiction . 
does anyone know of a movie that is actually SCARY ? ive been looking for one and they're all stupid/hilarious . in honor of halloween , i want one so horrific that i cant sleep for a week . 
3 days . no coffee . stayin strong . now if only this headache would go away ... 
in need of a light , foldable campsaw . sos 
love it when i get up and head to class only to find it cancelled ! shuuuweeeeeeeeeet 
best dialogue of the day : \i cant wait to be out side freeing my booty off\ " \ " dont free your booty in my direction lady \"" 
ok . looks like im skipping lab and going to nashville tonight ???? i love love love random road trips . :) 
nashville ruled . just not sure if getting back to knox at 6 in the morning was worth it ... wait , what am i thinking ? who needs sleep ? it totally was !!!!! 
surrounded by Ghettofabulousness and Grumpypants ... overload . :) bahaha 
hm ... free pizza at barleys . chatting with fellow forestry nerds . o , and free pizza at barleys . im so there ! 
.... 
its 1130 and im really hyper and dont wanna go to bed but i have two tests tomorrow and i cant study anymore and i need to go get some sleep but i cant . wow i sound like a 6 year old . 
eyes : burning from lack of sleep . beeeeeeeeg time . 
i kinda feel like knoxville adventures are not gonna be as fun in the rain tonight . sorry stevo . but sushi ? heck yea ! 
Tonight in Missoula , Montana : Rain/Snow Showers Lo : 33° Mostly cloudy with a slight < PROPMALE > of rain and snow showers . Lows in the lower to mid 30s . Beginning to NOT regret THAT decision !!!!!! 
thank you < PROPFIRST > for making me aware of how much of a geek i am . 
ok so driving to athens in the rain doesnt bother me much . cuz its ATHENS . woooo !!!!!! 
home . athens ruled . now , books . 
3 weeks til the end of the semester . gah . thats crazy talk . 
two more days of class . i think they will be the two longest days of my life ! 
no more classes ! woo ! celebrate ! 
ok . prepping my brain for some more hardcore studying in hopes it doesnt explode from an information overload . that theory of how we humans only use 10% of our brain ? ive blown it outta the water . im totally thinking my brain capacity has reached at least 73% of its total usage potential . 
its only tuesday ?!?!!??!?!?!?!!! 
1 more final this afternoon ... then 1 tomorrow . i think i can i think i can i think i can . 
cant wait to go home . i miss being around my people . 
from now on , only genuine people are allowed to talk to me . is there like a filter somewhere that will get rid of the fake ones ??? 
ive listened to \i believe\ " by elmore < PROPFIRST > about 28 times so far today . overkill ? maybe just a lil bit . " 
the biggest thing i will remember about seeing the avett brothers : that someone in the row in front of us had the worst gas ever . 
when you sell your soul for a nickle , its amazing how much the value of a dollar changes . 
ah ..... light at the end of the tunnel !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
today i witnessed the < PROPFEMALE > of a jogger slipping on the snow-covered sidewalk and flipping in the air to land loudly on the cement . i , of course , bursted out laughing , angering the jogger and causing her to cry out to the world what i bitch i was . in reply , i laughed even harder and told her id rather be a bitch than the dumbass trying to run on a solid sheet of ice . pwned . 
gotsta keep on movin on 
follow your inclinations with due regard to the policeman around the corner . 
i admit my failures at mariokart . came in LAST after every race !! :( 
i swallow oxygen . makes me float up . 
i will not play farmville or restaurantville or zoogame or whatever heck else there is to play on here . so please stop with the requests !!!!! but i love you guys anyways . :) 
today was fun . a huge truck took a bite out of the back of my little car . 
homework can wait . its time for a hiking adventure ! 
ready for ... something new . 
ive discovered that there is , in fact , such a thing as too much fun . buckling down ... starting ... NOW ! 
ok . the snow was pretty . but more ?! im moving to southern california or arizona . im just NOT cut out for this !!! 
me+economics = i want to stab myself in the eye with a dull pencil . 
why i should NEVER attempt to study at home : after 2 pots of coffee , A Place in the Sun ( with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST >!) is playing on tv while i read \The Hunting of the Snark\ " and play < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > songs on < PROPFIRST>'s guitar in between ice skating in my socks on the kitchen tile . cabin fever ( or A.D.D. ? ) at its worst . yessss < PROPFIRST > just let her drown in the lake . " 
sisters , brothers and the whities . blacks and the crackers . police and their backers . they're all political actors ! 
sun ??? shine ?????? 
there's just something about having the windows down , my hair flying in my face , playin sweet tunes ridiculously loud , and singing at the top of my lungs . it makes me drive way too fast . i don't guess it's spring until i get my first speeding ticket of the year . well , we should all be happy . it's official now ! spring is HERE ! 
conflicted . 
finally going to see shutter island and i cannot wait . i hope i havent built it up too much ! 
impatient . 
headed to asheville with < PROPFEMALE > ! woo ! 
fun time is over ... back to the grind . ( at least until next weekend ! ) 
stop one of my john-cusack-movie-discovery-journey : One Crazy Summer . o yea ! 
not freaking out . not freaking out . not freaking out . just breathe . oxygen . ahhhhhh 
i just sneezed without expecting it and snot rocketed at least 3 feet across the room . me+being sick = new guiness world record . ridiculous . 
today i drove with my windows down all day in the sunshine , then enjoyed some smores while i relaxed at my first spring bonfire under the stars . im definetely a warm weather kinda girl !! 
2 days of perfect , warm , < PROPFEMALE > weather followed by ... today . cloudy . gray . gross . chilly . :( boo !! 
youre old road is rapidly agin ' . please get outta the new one if you cant lend a hand ! 
distracted . 
The Night Owl Cafe in Old City is the bomb diggity and everyone should go . It's my new favorite place ! 
thanks thanks thanks ! my birrrrday ! i do what i want !!!!!!!!! 
thanks errrrebody ! my birrday ruled ! 
we had a promise made ; four hands , and then away 
class : suffered through . spring playlist : perfected . the only other thing i have to do today : go get sunburned by the pool . aw-right ! 
what is it about the spring that makes everyone wanna sing love songs and buy puppies ?!?? jeeeeez 
apparently the good luck charm that Zues the < PROPFEMALE > gave me is working ..... ah haw 
tonight < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > called me his sweetie . he loves me now i just know it . 
Adventure Friday is startin again ... i think maybe kayaking all day sounds like a great way to break it back in . ( fingers crossed for sunshine ) 
... still sore from saturday's canoeing adventure ... 
yep ... still able to deftly dodge those bullets ... 
Gentlemen ! You cant fight in here . This is the war room ! 
new beginnings . 
that'll do , pig . that'll do . 
yuck . 
treadin ' water . 
so the awesome , cheap dream house just got stolen out from under us . if anyone knows of a sweet house for rent in knoxville , let me know . its crunch time , baby ! 
got up early , made a huge to-do list , and have already marked off a few things . productive day , here i come ! 
no , really . i'm not surprised you're intimidated . most people are . 
i am dancing to new order . that is all . 
Ow ! 
the challenge this weekend is to actually accomplish all the things i have planned ! game : on . 
recap of last night : met < PROPFIRST > einstein , survived a fire in my apt building , < PROPMALE > out with The Ditcher and The Bitcher , and played mommy to < PROPFEMALE > who wont shutup about her foot . 
lovin ' life right about now ! 
over it . 
excited to see my mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and aubie ! 
i hate seaweed teeth . 
Synchronized fireflies : one of the most amazing , beautiful things i have ever seen ... definetely a great way to kick off this summer's Adventure Tuesdays ! 
being patient . wait , no . TRYING to be patient ! 
i have chiggers . great . 
off to annoy < PROPFIRST > all day in the kitchen . this will be a fun day ! 
been takin it easy all day with some much needed r&r ... in spite of one lil road bump . :P 
setting goals is only a preliminary step . you must actually follow through and acheive those goals in order for them to count for anything . you got to move it move it ! 
Summer , don't end . Ever . Thanks . 
creating my own fate and aligning planets . a force to be reckoned with . 
finally . house . 4th and gill . excited . 
shutter island : total mind grenade . wasn't expecting that ending AT ALL . 
loved me some INCEPTION !!!! sooooooooooo good ! 
i love it when great things happen in my closest friends ' lives . it always gives me hope and makes me smile !!!! 
meow . 
can't wait to actually have a bed to sleep in . just sayin . 
meteor shower ! tonight ! yeah ! 
i like to eat eat eat eeples and beeneenees 
yes , we all have our problems ... just wish mine didn't destroy people . 
wanna go play outside . there's a slight hint of fall in the air and i'm gettin antsy feet ... adventure will happen soon . :D 
even after being up for over an hour , the sun shining , and a yummy breakfast in my stomach , im still pretty sure i will NEVER be a morning person . N E V E R . 
ahem ... war eagle ! it's gameday ! yea ! 
a day at the park with family and bbq ribs is exactly what i needed ! love bein a southern girrrrl ! 
i have so many things to do this week ... however , being overwhelmed will not be one of them ! bring it ! 
if i'm a fool , i don't care . it's worth it . 
little rubberband craisin backpacks on white , tail-less lizards . this is what i have surrounded myself with , for some reason . 
goodebye . 
so of all the shows/concerts i've been to in these last couple of years , seeing En Vogue at the Tennessee Valley Fair takes the cake . 
i killed boyfriend . 
athens bound ! much needed weekend vacation : ready .... go ! terrapin and lil bro , here i come ! 
lazy rainy day . just what i needed . 
well . hello , hoodie . good to see you again , my friend . 
listening to the cure gets me all sentimental . 
... and sometimes rain is just perfect for my mood . 
and i ran off , ran on to something\ 
that i swore was everything \ 
but beautiful\ 
( i only say that word for you ) 
)) <> (( 
so ... the < PROPMALE > horror picture show was so much fun ! i'm not a virgin anymore ! 
a storm's blowin in . 
the storm's over for now . hello , blue skies . 
enjoying my freedom to create today . 
cats are dumdums 
my feet hurt . 
happy . 
well , < PROPFIRST > dickens , sir ? ... and upton sinclair ? i , too , am a champion . check it . 
hey < PROPFIRST > 
raindrops keep fallin on my head 
had a wonderful , productive morning ! so excited about < PROPMALE > potter ! ahhhh !!! 
goal in life : to be as charismatic , comical , happy , determined , and loved as ferris bueller . i forgot how much i love this movie . 
this is my favorite time of the year ! aaaah .... 
hopeful . 
so , Insomnia ... we meet again ... 
winter . 
can't wait to see the < PROPFEMALE > chocolate drops tonight ! so excited ! 
time for some red wine , steak and potatoes , and some serious chill time with friends . :) 
sad . 
THAT'S a SPIcy MEATaBALLLLL !!! 
BLUE SKIES ! just what i needed . 
gon ' < PROPFEMALE > git my herrrr did !! 
im a happy girl ! its christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
so my favorite christmas songs ... a tie between Anberlin's cover of \Christmas ( Baby Please Come Home)\ " and ... < PROPMALE>' \ " Santa Claus is Back in Town . \ " cheesy but awesome duh " 
chillin in the hangout room getting addicted to bloxorz with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
i had such a good time with family , but this drafty , messy old house never felt as cozy as it does right now . feet , up . hope everyone's having a < PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
what if you're all just a figment of my imagination ? 
if you don't wanna wild one , quit hangin round with me ! 
pretty sure i will fall asleep with a smile on my face just thinkin bout how blessed i am to have an amazing and loving family , the best friends a girl could have , and to have found a goofy guy i just can't get enough of . i'm too grateful to even care how cheesy i sound ! :P 
oh my . 
neverennnding snowwwry 
so , i'm a pisces now ?! 
im really hyper . work will be fun/interesting/annoying to all around me . \ 
mwa\ 
ha\ 
ha 
