booorrrreeeddd . going home finally . 

OMG its so cold !!!!!!!! 
omg driving on ice in my new car is the scarriest thing ever ! 
Just got done putting up < PROPFIRST>'s new big boy bed . Looks so good ! 
Wahoo < PROPFEMALE > is coming out to stay with me for a little bit this week ! Havent seen her in over a year ! Miss her so much ! 
I am doing good . My wonderful man is at school for CNA so I'm here looking for a new job ! I can't wait until me and < PROPFIRST > get married !!!!!! 
wow some people can be real immature 
i need a job ugh 
I love 75 degree weather . HATE SNOW ! 
oh-em-gee 
I have a headache ! I have taken excedrin but it wont go away !!!! 
oh what a wonderful day ! 
omg my son calls every animal a doggy . lol its so funny ! he just called one of the chickens a doggy . and the other day he called my aunts rabbit a doggy . OK so he says daddy and doggy all the time ......... what about momma !?!? I have only heard him say it a few times ! oh well whatever makes him happy lol . 
bleh job searching sucks 
omg im exhausted 
just spent about 2 1/2 hours mowing . omg and we r still not done ! this place is huge ! got a nice tan tho 
sunburnt and sick . bleh 
Just another day in paridise ! 
Hey i just uploaded a whole bunch of pics . Check them out . got a lot of < PROPFIRST > and our family pictures ! 
wow this years prom theme is freakin stupid . 1920's casino ? are you kidding me ? how would u dress up for that . omg thats idiotic . 
im bored 
my son took one step today . all by himself . hes learning so fast ! 
going to the mall 
outside playing with my son . he loves the wind ! 
at my moms house just waiting for my sweetheart to get off work . i cant wait ! 
omg just applied for lowes . Longest ...... application ...... ever !!!! 
had a bad dream last night :-( 
nothing like stale peanut butter captn crunch to ruin your appetite . now im starving ! 
it feels wonderful outside ! cant wait to go to the gym tonight . 
at home waiting for the dryer to get done drying . ugh it takes forever to dry clothes . i want to leave this house so i can see my best friends and go to the gym with my favorite aunt ! 
my head is pounding but i got a good work out . size 5 here i come ! 
Im watching my son sleep . hes such a sweetheart . 
just got home from working out . whew ! Im beat . 
< PROPFIRST > just took 2 BIG STEPS ! Im so proud ! hes only been taking one little step then falling . Im so excited ! 
so i finally got < PROPFIRST > to go to sleep and i put him in his bed in his own bedroom . lets just hope and pray that he stays asleep and doesnt realize that hes away from mommy . ;-) he used to sleep in his playpen in our bedroom because his room wasnt done but i finally got it clean yesterday . all that needs done is wallpaper border . 
he woke up :'( 
omg im so tired . long night . < PROPFIRST > woke up twice . 
im bored . dont kno what im going to do today 
im tired of hypochondriacs ugh . its all in ur head ! lol 
Ready for some pizza ! Extra pepperoni !!!! 
just hanging out at home . my sister is here too . spagetti red smells soooooo good ! 
watching my mom play with my son . hes laughing his butt off ! its so cute ! 
just woke up . long night . < PROPFIRST > was quite the kid last night . 
Looking forward to the beautiful weather ! Might give sym a call . Hmmmmm what to do what to do !? 
so freakin bored ! 
its been a great day ! 
so i went to my friend jodys house and < PROPFIRST > got to see a cat for the first time . he was mesmerized by it . the cat came over and started rubbing his head on < PROPFIRST > and made < PROPFIRST > laugh his butt off ! then < PROPFIRST > ( not knowing that this would hurt a cat ) grabbed a chunk of the cats hair and it got kinda scary . at least i was watching him or the cat wouldve attacked ! 
yay my son slept all night last night ! what a relief ! 
just went to atwoods . < PROPFIRST > got to see the cute birds :) 
my name is < PROPFEMALE > 
sorry that last status update was < PROPFIRST > . he was trying to be funny 
sitting at home with my son . ready to watch a movie :) 
watching the cardinals game . kinda crazy 
ugh < PROPFIRST > is in his bed screaming . he needs to learn to go to sleep by himself . not by being rocked . 
bored . dont know what i want to do . dont u hate that ? 
ready to go to bed . looking forward to putting my wonderful baby boy to sleep . then on to sleep and to dreaming of my wonderful family . 
ready for another beautiful day ! 
ugh after he screams for 30 minutes i pick < PROPFIRST > up and he falls asleep instantly . now hes back in his playpen ..... finally quiet . 
yay ! my sweetheart is staying home tonight :) 
Missing my < PROPFEMALE > . 
i have the most wonderful baby ! cant wait for him to start talking ! 
watching american idol ! 
how do u get a baby to go to sleep by himself without a bottle or being rocked ? besides just letting him scream himself to sleep . i am just having a hard time with trying to get < PROPFIRST > to do it . :( 
got my eyebrows waxed ! holy crap it hurts ! 
ready for some breakfast ! 
laying on the couch with my son . hes finally giving up in the battle of staying awake ! 
just ate at marias . mmmm yummy 
sooo ready for prom tomorrow 
oh its gonna be a busy day . 
i am < PROPFEMALE > with a c 
ready for prom ! 
watching my son play with his rocking < PROPFIRST > mouse . its so cute ! 
watching my son play with his toy truck and rocking < PROPFIRST > mouse . hes so cute ! 
oh life is so wonderful ! my dreams are coming true ! i have the most wonderful family . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > make me so happy and idk what i would do without my wonderful mom , aunt < PROPFEMALE > , and grandma ! and i absolutly love my new family too ! 
great morning so far . i actually got to sleep in till 9 ( thanks < PROPFIRST > ) . i just hope the sun shines all day . i dont like gray clouds . and < PROPFIRST > is actually playing in his playpen with no problem . :) life is grand ! 
got a headache from mowing ugh 
on the tedmill . size 5 here i come 
going to town . its gonna be a busy day . gotta clean when i get home . bleh hate cleaning . lol 
wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with her friends . 
ready for a hot pocket . yumm yumm ! 
done cleaning and mowing finally . ready for some relaxation ! 
tired of it always being me to make the effort to < PROPFEMALE > out . i never get a call saying hey lets < PROPFEMALE > out ! is something wrong with me ? hello ! im here but i feel looked over . :'( 
hello and good morning ! 
oh today is such a better day ! 
sooooo excited that < PROPFEMALE > is going to have her baby tomorrow ! wahoo ! 
good night everyone sweet dreams . time to set the alarm for 6 . gonna get rested and ready for the big day tomorrow ! 
so < PROPFIRST > is asleep on gpa and < PROPMALE > is asleep on me . and i cant reach my soda . hmmm this is going to be a challenge . 
so im a bit tired . 4 hours is so not enough sleep ! but ive got a couple kids that will keep me awake ! 
yea just a little bit irritated . or more . ugh 
so im probly the only person in the world that doesnt like twinkies . 
at the hospital . < PROPFEMALE > made the cutest baby boy ! she should be proud ! 
bad night . < PROPFIRST > had another night scare . poor baby . 
at my moms watching the kids . < PROPFIRST > is walking all over the place ! 
is in < PROPFIRST > s room watching < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > play with toys 
getting ready to go to bed . something tells me that ot wont be hard getting < PROPFIRST > to go to sleep . hopefully ..... 
wishes she could go back to sleep . why did u wake us up < PROPMALE > ? 
biscuits and gravy ! yummy ! 
playing xbox 360 . 
oh yummy . brownies are in the oven ! and they are extra yummy cuz i added chocolate chips ! 
going to bed . good night everyone 
watching my son playing around . hes practicing walking . hes so cute . 
really wishes all the drama would stop . stop and just breath and smell the flowers ! take time to be thankful for what and who u have around u . do u really need drama to make your life complete ? stop reading too much into things cuz life is much simpler if u just go with the flow ! it makes u much happier too . 
sooooo not ready for tomorrow ! why do i have to have BOTH wisdom teeth taken out ? i have only had problems with one ! they are actually going to go in and CUT them out of my gums ! i gues ill have to servive the next few days on soup , jello , mashed potatos , and < PROPMALE > and cheese ! 
at the dentist . :'( 
so during the procedure to get my wisdom teeth out i felt like i was floating or spinning . they gave me laughing gas lol . i did laugh at first cuz when they started putting orajel on my gums to numb it before getting a needle put thru i , it tickled for some reason i do not kno and i laughed like crazy . now my bottom lip feels like it weighs 2 pounds and im starting to feel bruised . 
ready to put < PROPFIRST > to bed . hes getting tired and cranky lol 
mashed potatoes and gravy oh yum ! i love kfc ! 
ugh got an allergic reaction to one of the medicines . 
feeling sick . so is < PROPFIRST > . hes teething . 
Looks like jeremys sleeping in a diaper tonight . 100.6 temp :( 
i have a wonderful family and wonderful friends ! and im so happy to be a mommy to < PROPFIRST > too ! 
ready for the day but not for the storms . at least we will get some good rain for our garden . as long as the garden doesnt get blown away ! 
waiting for by babe to go on lunch :) 
< PROPFIRST > lost the battle of staying awake . sweet baby is snoozin away . now time for me to go to sleep 
making a yummy breakfast ! 
bored . very bored . 
cleaning cleaning cleaning . thats what im going to be doing all day it looks like . and maybe applying for jobs too . 
cant get anyone to answer their phone . i need someone to watch < PROPFIRST > so that i can go to town to apply for jobs and get my mom a mothers day gift . 
it feels so nice out ! 
watching deal or no deal . wow some people are really dumb on that show ! 
< PROPFIRST > is the best baby in the world ! laid down to sleep with little fuss ( usually it takes him 20 to 30 minutes to scream himself to sleep and this time in took 5 minutes ! ) !!! and he had less than 2 bottles today ! its going to be easier than i thought to take < PROPFIRST > off formula ! hes walking everywhere now ! hes so excited that hes a big boy now ! :) im so happy ! 
got a dentisit appt today . hopefully it goes well . my mouth is still swollen and sore . stitches are finally going away , tho . 
playing oblivion . omg this is freakin fun ! 
at the webb city baseball game 
wants to read a good book . hmmmm 
gonna play some oblivion . yay ! 
just woke up . so tired . yay gmas making me eggs bacon and hashbrowns :) 
going to < PROPFEMALE > corral yummy ! 
watching my son eat tater tots for the first time . he loves them . but he wasnt sure about eating them with his hands lol . 
going to sleep . night everyone ! 
oh my gosh ! i cooked an egg and i didnt break it ! this is a big accomplishment for me because i cannot cook eggs ! lol 
soooo bored ! 
so ya on circle of moms i posted a conversation about bottles and pacifiers for 3 to 5 year olds . and someone said that it was innappropriate . retarted ! i was just telling everyone that it can cause dental problems if you let your kid do that and someone thought i was being mean ! 
bored . need a job . anyone kno whose hiring ? 
pizza rolls rock ! 
wants to get away and relax and have some time to myself . 
going to see my favorite aunt and cousins . they r the best ! 
at my moms . jeremys a cranky baby . teething real bad 
happy mothersday to all mommys ! 
< PROPFIRST > bought me books for mothersday ! Can't wait for them to come in ! 
watching < PROPFIRST > eat breakfast . he loves cinnamon toast crunch . hes so cute ! 
made chilli . yummy yummy yummy . perfect meal for a < PROPFEMALE > and cool day 
senior meeting today . hopefully this is going to be one of the last times i have to go to that school . so glad i am a semester graduate 
sitting at home wondering what im going to do today . Hmmm i wonder if symmy is still wanting to come over ? I should give her a call . 
Just had a surprise telephone interview with home depot . OMG that was freakin intense and unexpected . 
Stupid internet on my phone isnt working . urgh 
Got an interview with home depot ! 
Got another interview with tractor supply ! 
so im graduated . doesnt feel any different . i guess it would if i werent a semester grad tho 
so i think i pretty much got the job at tractor supply . have to go in monday for drug test and paper work 
ugh 
Its time to make a change in my life . Im not going let myself get caught up in others problems . Im not going to let myself be used anymore , for my car , my money , or my time . Its time to find out who is important to me . My old family , my new family , and me . Im not going to let anyone bring me down . Im going to try to be the best mother I can be . No more drama . Just the perfect life I have always dreamed of . 
i am officially hired . i have orientation tomorrow . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > throw pillows at < PROPFIRST > . Its so cute . < PROPFIRST > thinks its so funny ! 
I thought that I was just going to have orientation today but he sent me off to work till 2 . gosh im glad to be able to sit down ! 
watching glee on disc its awesome 
im so lucky to have a wonderful man that loves me for me and not my looks . he loves me with all his heart and supports every decision i make . he loves the way i look but he loves my personality more . he treats me like his < PROPFEMALE > and wants me to be happy . i love him so much . i couldnt have asked for a better man . hes more than just my lover or baby's daddy , hes my best friend . 
ahhh im home . jeremys eating < PROPMALE > and cheese ( real kind , not that nasty baby food- he hates that . ) and i finally got a nice pair of tenis shoes . glad to be off my feet and sooo ready for a nice steaming hot bath . 
needs a full body massage pronto ! 
wishing that i didnt have to close and then the very next morning open . it feels like i just coming home to sleep . urgh my body hurts . and im really irritated . stupid huggies diapers are crap . leaks every freakin time . dont care if they do look like jeans . 
doesnt want to go to work today . :( havent had a day off since i started . come on friday - be here already i need a break ! 
omg < PROPFIRST > is a freaking psychopath ! what the freak is going on in his head ? hes insane ! 
why did u have to wake up early when i wanted to sleep in < PROPFIRST > ? 6:30 oh come on ! 
playing oblivion 
at caylas house !!! yay 
just watched iron man 2 and the drivein . awesome !!! 
just wached iron man 2 at the drivein . so awesome ! 
i dont want to work ! :( 
Whats the point in having internet on my phone if it doesnt work half the time ? Ugh ! 
wondering what im going to do today . have to go to work at 4 
i want to go swimming . got a new swim suite . its cute . :) maybe cyokamo will let us swim over there ? hopefully 
watching baby on board for the first time 
wants to go swimming but has no one to go with . :( 
so my son is going to be a year old tomorrow . wow where did time go ? 
happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
so my boss is such a jerk . i asked if i could either work early or evening shift on sunday cuz my sons bday party is going to be around noon . he said ok hed figure something out . the a-hole decided to schedule me at 11 to 5 ( which is not normal hours ) . so i swear it was on purpose just to piss me off . i hate my job . 
oday is jeremys birthday party . yay 
oh how much i hate this job . i dont care if a jobs a job i dont want to be here . 
jeremys bday party was fun . wish everyone couldve made it 
jeremys a goof ball . trying to get daddys attention while hes playing a game is not a good idea tho lol 
at work :( 
at home sitting on jacks lap with < PROPFIRST > sitting on mine lol 
doesnt want to go to the dentist again :( 
this house is hot ! 
ahhhh jeremys got a cold :( 
< PROPFIRST > got 3 shots today :( 
poor baby is running a fever and cant stop crying . hes sleepin with momma tonight 
at the drivin :) 
reading the 3rd vampire academy novel . shadow kissed . so good ! 
Ahhh the rain . I want to dance in it ! 
at cox in springfield . < PROPFIRST > as at an 8 . logans almost here ! 
< PROPFIRST > had her baby . he is very cute ! 
going back to work . bleh . dont want to . 
poor babys sick . teething and allergies . hes trying to go to sleep on my bed but cant get comfy . he always fights sleep but i guess this time he just doesnt care cuz hes so exhausted . oh by the way , he can sing the lollypop song . he goes : lollylollylollylollylolly . its so cute ! why do babies have to get sick ? :'( 
i got maybe 3 hours of sleep last night . < PROPFIRST > slept with us and i was up with him all night . at 430 this morning he had a 103.4 temp . :( he wanted to sleep on momma but his temp was so high i didnt want it to go higher . :'( i felt so bad . now im at work on a 10 1/2 hour day getting close to telling a certain person to F *** OFF ! 
got a new email . not using yahoo anymore . idk what happened but my old email kept sending canadian viagra site links to everyone in my contacts . even mrs. eggleston ! cierrawc10@hotmail.com is my new email . 
why are teeth so mean to babies ? 
i dont want to go to work :( 
bad day 
going thru wedding ideas . anyone have any ? no candles are going to be at my wedding . ive seen too many americas funniest home videos . im sticking with battery operated candles lol 
at work . bleh . hate work . 
awww < PROPFIRST > sure loves his dadda . jacks in the bathroom and < PROPFIRST > s pounding on the door crying dadda dadda dadda 
in town with my grandma . jeremys just a snoozin away . hes such a good baby . he doesnt even cry when i put him to bed at night now . 
going wedding shopping today !!! 
wondering why every good day has to have something bad in it . bittersweet bittersweet 
wishes me < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > could run away and just forget about everyone else for just a little bit . forget about everyones crap , drama , and crazy ideas . leave me alone ! 
... 
getting lexis bridesmaid dress :) 
got lexi's bridesmaid dress . its so cute on her . :) only one dress , plates napkins silverwear , < PROPFEMALE > , wedding license , and jacks ring left . :) so excited 
omg it sucks to wait for work . why did i leave so early ? 
finally got the rest of the wedding invitations printed . gotta give them to some toyota people and one to < PROPFEMALE > Franz and her family :) 
i want to go to sleep :-/ Been up since 5 . couldnt sleep at all . All three of us couldnt . < PROPFIRST > woke up twice cuz of bad dreams or being cold ( idk ) and < PROPFIRST > was cold and I was hot ( It was 78 degrees in my room ! ) . So yea it was like tug of war last night between trying to get < PROPFIRST > to go back to sleep twice and < PROPFIRST > trying to snuggle and get warm and me trying to stay cool and be in my own space . ughh lol 
it feels good to sleep in . tho i have a headache 
finally home . yay . now whats for dinner ? 
gonna go see my < PROPFEMALE > on his lunch . i love him so much . 
my boss is an a-hole 
who wants a free kingsize pillow top bed complete with hollywood frame , box springs , and mattress and pillows and comforter set . but its only free if u come get it . 
got my wedding cd made up ! :) 
urgh ! need some space and to get out of this hot house ! 
so im at the gym and the radio and the tv wont work . what the heck ? 
35 lbs from my target weight . going to push this time . hope it works . 
sleeping on my new bed tonight . nice and firm . maybe ill sleep better . slept terrible on my other bed . thats why i gave it away . im glad < PROPFEMALE > likes soft beds :) works out great for everyone ! 
waiting till 9 for my interview . hope it goes well . 
so this is a weird interview . we actually do stuff instead of just talk 
i start tuesday ! 
43 more days till my wedding ! 
I dont WANT to wait for the 6th book ! :( 
wow im in the parking lot at work and there is this truck full of mulch and some girl is picking it up and smelling it . is that weird or what ? 
tired . so ready for a day off 
had a good time talking to gpa < PROPFIRST > from california . miss him . cant wait to see him and gma < PROPFIRST > at the wedding . hope gma < PROPFEMALE > can come . miss gpa < PROPMALE > wish he was here :( 
lifes full of choices and one choice can change ur whole life . make sure u choose with your heart as your guide . 
I can be your hero baby . I can kiss away the pain . I will stand by you forever . You can take my break away . 
had a good day at work . i kno already its going to be so much better than any other place ive been . the people are nice . and its busy which makes the day go by so fast 
tater tots make great hashbrowns with eggs when u dont have actual hashbrowns . yummy :) 
oh my its scary going done the highway when its pouring buckets 
off work . not feeling well but it was a good day 
taking a very needed nap . why cant i sleep at night anymore ? 
yay i have medicaid now :) so does < PROPFIRST > . everything is starting to turn around finaly :) 
good night everyone . sweet dreams . going to get a headstart on sleeping tonight . hopefully ill sleep all night . 
hates family reunions 
tired . sleeping time :) 
going to church today with < PROPFIRST > and baby . hopefully < PROPFIRST > will be good . still sick . slept half the night on daddas chest 
listening to 104.3 . its funny 
installing The SimCity Box . 5 SimCity games . sweet !!!! 
at urgent care with < PROPFIRST > . 
at home finally . jeremys got that nasty amoxicillin to take twice a day . he hates that . 
going to bed . night night everyone :) 
wow i had to rock < PROPFIRST > for 20 < PROPFEMALE > to get him to go to sleep . and not sitting in a rocking chair . i had to stay standing . at least hes asleep . hope hes better in the morning . 
wow that was a long night . couldnt sleep till 2:30 and then < PROPFIRST > woke up at 3:30 and we put him in our bed and we kept waking up cuz there was no room . then i find out that the alarm clock was set an hour ahead and we woke up at 7 instead of 8 . so much for sleeping in . 
staying home with < PROPFIRST > . not going to work . 
ugh ! bored ! 
judge < PROPFEMALE > is funny 
jeremys feeling a lot better . finally ate pizza and 2 jars of baby food . 
stupid phone . bought sims 3 for my phone downloaded it and my phone says its unable to play it . urgh 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > 
sweetdreams . had a good time with my best friends tonight 
my body hurts and my throats starting to feel scratchy and sore :( 
i wanted to sleep in ! 
going to breakfast and church with my mom and siblingsm going to be fun ! 
awww < PROPFIRST > was kissing his bear :) 
off to work 
lost 20 bucks at downstream :( 
>:-( this headache wont go away . 3 days straight . same headache . 
taking < PROPFEMALE > back home today . gonna miss her :( 
hi i am < PROPFEMALE > and i want to be a < PROPFEMALE > when i grow up 
wow finally in bed after a 5 hour drive . :( bleh feel sick 
another headache . all day . wont go away 
outside with < PROPFIRST > :) hes been playing in his new pool 
ok excedrin do your magic . make this headache go away ! 
at my moms 
running a mile really wore me out . im tired 
wow < PROPFIRST > in bed before 9:30 is rare ( like has never happened before since hes been sleeping all night ) . now its my bed time ! 
< PROPFIRST > is so funny . hesl been spending the last 10 < PROPFEMALE > trying to screw on the top of one of his sippy cups . hes got it almost figured out . 
wow for the first time i actually feel good . i feel smaller and lighter . even tho i lost only 3 lbs 
ive got another headache :( 
im getting old . im using icy hot medicated for my aching back . maybe i need a chiropractor ? 
i am going to curl up in a ball in my blankets and go to sleep and try to sleep all night 
another big day today 
had a good time at the gym with sym . ran a mile . man im wiped out 
awww had a nice shower . fresh and clean . now time for bed 
oh my gosh ! my son says \damn\ " !!! how did that happen ? " 
wedding ideas anyone ? 
ah man . i wanted to sleep in . but booger-butt didnt . :-/ 
watching beatlejuice lol 
now im watching < PROPFIRST > scissor hands . weird and funny 
i have a huge headache . and im nausous :( 
its the little things that make my day . like when i give < PROPFIRST > two reeses cups ( 1 for < PROPFIRST > and 1 for pappa ) and he waddles over ( saying pappa pappa pappa the whole way ) up to pappa and gives him the reeses for him to open and to eat reeses together . now thats amazing 
just had my bridal shower . kinda embarrasing . especially since it was my family getting me these ..... uh .... gifts lol 
is it just me or is there something not right with the shakin weight comercial ? 
watching something something something darkside by family guy lol 
just got home from work . long day 
our farm is weird . our cows are chickens and our chickens are daredevils . 
at work and nobody is here . what am i going to do now ? go home ?...... hmm sounds good 
making cupcakes :) 48 down 96 to go . 
hope everyone can make it to my wedding . Im so nervous ! Well , not nervous about marrying < PROPFIRST > ( would never think twice about that ! ) . Im just nervous about the wedding and reception being as good as i want it to be . going to have a beautiful cup cake wedding cake :) 
wants < PROPFIRST>'s curly hair to grow back faster ! Its cute short too tho . 
my poor baby is sick . :( 
babys asleep on mamma now . been a long day for < PROPFIRST > 
oh please go to sleep < PROPFIRST > :-/ 
aunt < PROPFEMALE > just waxed my eyebrows . owww . oh attention all bridesmaids : be at the church at 6 on friday for rehersal and on sat at 12 to get dressed and make up and hair . 
so a week before my wedding and i stubb my toe . yea ive stubbed my toe a million times but with my luck it decides to break this time >:( 
urgh i hate teething time 
just gave < PROPFIRST > more food and some teething tablets . hopefully he will go to sleep soon . hes crying in his crib right now :'( 
ahh finally asleep poor baby . why do babies have to go thru teething pain ? :'( 
my phone is messing up . sometimes i sound like a robot and wont send msgs sometimes . and now i went from 42 pics to 18 pics and now to 2 pics ( and they are even the smallest size ! ) why is that happening ? 
wants to go to sleep . waiting for jeremys room to cool down tho to put him in bed 
good morning everyone :) getting my hair done today . yay ! 
what a wonderful day it is 8-) 
at my hair appt :) 
30 < PROPFEMALE > till bedtime for < PROPFIRST > . goof ball is obsessed with being a big boy . oh my and he has started taking off his diaper when its wet ! 
up and ready for a new day 
at the carwash . wahoo my cars going to be nice and shiny again :) 
got a new baby monitor that u can see on a portable tv . sweetness ! 
so much to do so little time . going early tomorrow to get a new tire . then off to the church to decorate 
im getting married tomorrow ! 
omg my back hurts 
is exhausted 
almost to memphis . might sleep a few hours then head on out again :) 
just crossed the mississippi river :) 
at comfort inn in < PROPFEMALE > branch mississippi . omg my phone wont text anymore . 
we are at ihop in phenix city , alabama . gonna have me some cinnaminions , eggs , and hashbrowns ! 
we named my car < PROPFEMALE > . lol 
we are in florida . about 50 < PROPMALE > till < PROPMALE > . we will be in miami around 4:30 am 
omg we were in a 3 < PROPFIRST > traffic jam for over 40 < PROPFEMALE > going less than a mile an hour because a trailer on a semi blew up . no joke . it was a mess ! 
decided to go to a hotel for the night . about an hour away from miami 
we are at the hotel :) 
so the wedding was amazing . the only thing that im disapointed in was the amount of people that came . some people said they would come but never showed . and barely anyone would dance :( 
so apparently in miami fl people dont kno what turn signals are . and they dont kno how to take turns 
argh i cant believe it ! our bed had some holes in it and the metal springs in it and cut me ! 
im going to bed . going to get up at 4:30 in the morning so we can go to the beach before traffic picks up . bringing home sand and hopefully some neat seashells 
going to the zoo :) 
just got back to the hotel . went to the zoo and then to the seaquarium . omg ive never sweated so much in my life ! zoo was fun . seaquarium was very diappointing . but at least we got to see the ocean for the first time on the way there ! 
just left the beach :) on our way home . now us and our car smell like the ocean . eyes burning from salt too . todays going to be a good day ( if we dont get killed from the crazy traffic lol jk ) 
georga roads are sparkly . no joke-they seriously twinkle haha ! 
omg ! im bored ! weve been on this road for 60 < PROPMALE > and there has been no one on it ! and the speed limit is only 55 ! 
at home . been up since 4:30 am yesterday morning . gonna take a nap . oh home sweet home ! 
relaxing at home . < PROPFIRST > wont let us out of his site . he missed mommy and daddy so much . 
if anyone is trying to text me : i cant recieve or send texts . gotta get a new phone . weird , i can get on the internet but i cant text or take pics anymore 
i have that song- groovy little country song- in my head . :) 
oh yummy ! making my very first crockpot roast with homegrown carrots and store bought potatoes in my new crockpot ! soooo excited ! waiting till tomorrow evening to see if it tastes good :) 
going to the casino with all the girls- oh wait ! < PROPFEMALE > has to bring her stupid creepy boyfriend . urgh 
my horoscope was so wrong ! bad day for the casino 
all babies want to get borned ! all babies want to get borned ! all babies want to get borned ! 
jeremys teething again . 2 teeth coming in this time 
husbands going bowling . jeremys outside with gma and im watching law and order : svu . its a good night so far . 
loves her dvr :) 
back to work today 
OMG ! my son is obsessed with raisons ! hes ate so many of them ! 
gonna go to school in january probly 
awwww < PROPFIRST > came up to me and gave me a kiss ! he never does that ! :) 
argh dumb 360 live add-ons . >:-( 
hungry ... hmmm what should i have ? 
home sweet home 
waiting for my hubby to come home . jeremys being a booger butt as usual . might play me some oblivion :) 
jeremys such a goober ! :-D 
got a spongebob soap filled bath sponge for < PROPFIRST > . hes gonna love it ! cuz he loves spongebob ! lol 
omg my body and my head hurts :( 
dont feel good 
At my moms house . She made meat loaf . Yumm Yumm ! 
just applied for < PROPMALE > hospital for a receptionist . wish i could stay at mccune < PROPMALE > :( 
yay i got to talk to < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
watching the last song at symmys house :) 
feels amazing outside . i would run outside and play in the rain if i didnt have a whole crap load to do . 
omg so freaking tired . hopefully this sleeping pill will work tonight . cant sleep well at all . i keep waking up at night and not being able to go back to sleep ! cant wait till daylight savings time cuz < PROPFIRST > will be able to go to sleep with no problem at 9 instead of 10 ! 
attention all moms : how do u get a one year old to stop hitting ? its driving me crazy ! idk what to do ! 
urgh 
goober butt ! thats my son ! 
babys asleep and the other two cuties are playing with a ball lol 
omg < PROPFIRST > fell asleep in his high chair ! i will upload a pic 
OMG ! are u freaking kidding me ? 7th poopy diaper today . from just 3 kids ! 
wishes < PROPFIRST > was little again 
outside with the two big boys . 
tuckers scooting on the floor . its so cute . montes asleep on the couch and jeremys asleep in his crib . :) 
awww jeremys blowing kisses to everyone and even gave tucker a kiss on the head ! such a sweet kid ! 
so freaking annoyed . why do u have to wake up at 7:30 ? i couldnt even get to sleep until 3 ! 
biscuits and gravy yum 
my house is haunted 
is hungry for some deap dish pizza from pizza hut 
got pretty good sleep last night . now off to work 
< PROPFIRST > layed down on a blanket all by himself and looks like hes going to sleep . such a big smart boy ! 
is glad its going to rain today 
i feel sick :( 
dont want to move :( cant get rid of this head ache 
friday night smackdown . yay :) 
anyone kno of a dentist i can bring < PROPFIRST > to that accepts medicaid ? 
feels worse today :( hope this virus dont last 3 days like jeremys did 
jello and chicken noodle soup , do your magic . man i lost like 5 lbs already 
dear obama , we dont want to listen to your bull crap when our favorite tv shows are on ! and why do u have to be on every single channel ?!?! if someone wanted to watch you then they would flip to that channel . urgh ! 
jeremys feeling better ( fingers crossed ) :) 
setting up my dish dvr . why does this have to be such a long process ? ugh 
i want to do something tonight . im gonna go crazy if i stay here 
why does gringos take forever at night ? ugh 
omg online applications take forever ! 2 hours for just 2 applications ! ugh 
my sweet baby is asleep :) poor baby is so tired and so hungry he fell asleep as i was hand feeding him some oatmeal . hes not feeling all better yet . 
halmark channel movies are so cheesy ! haha and they have really really bad actors and actresses ! 
oh pothole how i hate thee . now i need a new tire jerk . 
at the gym 
ugh jeremys been difficult to get him to go to sleep since he was sick . he had shots yesterday on top of being sick too . and now hes got a huge knot on his little head . the little booger butt is so clumsy lol . its so wierd- when i go to pick him up out of his crib when he wakes up he picks up his pillow and gives it to me . idk why haha 
is exhausted , had a very bad time sleeping last night , and wants to just go home and take a nap 
applying for st johns for a registration clerk . 
good night sleep tight everyone 
:( 
sears application has a questionaire that has 72 questions of the most rediculous questions 
gonna go to dads 
nevermind im not going to dads i guess 
yay ! i get to stay here 3 more months ! 
going to silver dollar city with mom , aunt < PROPFEMALE > , and gma on sunday ! yay girls day out 
mowing 
just got done mowing . head hurts going to take a shower 
ahhh < PROPMALE > rio was so good ! 
off to bed . going to silver dollar city in the morning :) 
almost there yay 
first official day of working at mccune-brooks hospital . yay 
good day so far . so busy 
glee !!! 
omg ! < PROPFIRST > has 8 teeth ! how did that happen so fast ? hes got all of his first moellers 
i love my momma ! 
oh this friday is taking forever 
please stay asleep tonight < PROPFIRST > :-/ . 
i just tought < PROPFIRST > to say eye ! and he can point at his eye and the bears eye and my eye ! soooo cute ! 
got some new boots :) 
had a really good day . thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . went to the mall with symmy ( so fun ) and then hungout at moms house and watched < PROPMALE > of persia ( i love going to my moms ) and then dad took me to dinner at thai lotus ( omg it was so so so good ) and then to eat ice cream . now time for a little down time 
what a lazy day . 
>:-( 
why r babys so obsessed over doors ? lol 
glee !!! :) 
“I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some come from behind . But I've bought a big bat . I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me ! ” - Dr. Seuss 
oh i love my job :) mostly cuz i work with amazing people ! 
booorrreeeddddd 
had a good night tonight . going to bed . night yall 
i guess sometimes if u want something done right u just have to do it all yourself . :-/ 
wonders how some people make it thru college without knowing a freaking thing ? 
gonna sleep in tomorrow if i can i really need to 
< PROPFIRST > just threw himself on the floor crying cuz i wouldnt let him do something and i just laughed at him cuz it was cute then he started laughing and then started throwing himself on the floor to make me laugh . its so funny 
is exhausted and my whole body hurts . 
teaching < PROPFIRST > eyes nose and mouth . hes figured out where his eyes and nose are pretty good and he can kinda say them . not sure about mouth yet . 
is nauseous and really hopes she doesnt have that nasty stomach virus thats going around . 
root beer and sugar free fat free frozen yogurt . thought it would make a good float .... YUCK ! 
wants a chocolate chip cookie just from the oven soaked in milk ..... really bad 
dude anyone who put their number in their info part on facebook is gonna have their number on their profile . all they did was make another spot for it . i never put my number in my info and its not up there . im so tired of seeing that same thing over an over again . sorry but yea 
wishes she can turn back time a couple hours so she can sleep a little bit longer 
loves when drug reps bring lunch to the clinic . yum . 
had my flu shot today . lets see if it really works this flu season . 
feels amazing outside . :) 
whats with glee this week ? its not very good 
omg i hurt so bad . 
just got the flu shot . man this feels worse than actually having the flu . every muscle in my body is screaming . going to bed early . 
omg i still feel absolutly terrible 
wants a back massage and a foot massage . 
i like it on my dresser or in my closet ;-P 
just applied for prn postion at mccune-brooks . fingers crossed ! 
going to bed early and going to try to sleep in :) 
at the mall 
just watched zombieland :) awesome movie 
okay so tomorrow im gonna start a low carb diet . hope it works --- or i hope i can do it lol 
oh my ham and cheese sandwich ( with out bread ) and chicken fajitas ( with no tortilla ) is really awesome . the perks of working at a hospital : u get catering from drug reps :) 
I missed glee tonight :( 
good night everyone . 
you make me smile 
stupid phone wont send msgs now ugh 
teaching < PROPFEMALE > cake to < PROPFIRST > . hes got < PROPFEMALE > cake < PROPFEMALE > cake bakers man down to a science and when it comes to rolling it he makes his hands go weird directions and says wolly wolly wolly and flings his hands in the air ! 
cant wait for worlds of fun tonight ! 
omg its so cute ! < PROPFIRST > can say shoe and he tries to put his shoes on ! 
at worlds of fun in line for our first ride , the prowler 
omg queezy dizzy and have a huge headache . but its a blast ! 
omg just got out of worlds of fun its 1:45 am and im exhausted . it was so fun ! 
i hate allergies ! 
every stupid LITTLE thing is going wrong :( all i want is some peace and quiet , a nice hot bath , and to go to bed at a decent time . when was the last time i got to do that ? bed time at 10 ? i usually dont even make it close most of the time . :( 
i love rain and thunder :) its very calming in a weird way 
is wanting to go to some haunted houses and corn mazes :) . 
< PROPFIRST > got the job at < PROPMALE > ! 
jeremys so smart ! i can pick up any stuffed animal and he will point out where the eyes and nose are and he points to its foot and says shoe ! and he loves his sponge < PROPMALE > pjs ! likes to point at all the sponge < PROPMALE > faces and say < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . he loves learning new things . hes always pointing to things saying \whats that ? \"" 
sooo tired . what a gloomy day 
is wanting to go to sleep right now 
needs health insurance ugh 
where did this storm come from ? it wasnt supposed to do this was it ? my phone said 0% prec . freaking me out 
watching glee on fox.com 
jeremys telling everything to \stop ! \ " right now hes yelling at the tv to \ " stop ! \"" 
aww my sweet baby fell asleep on me while we were watching his cartoons :) he never does that anymore . hes so adorable with his blonde curls :) ( yes hes blonde now lol ) 
< PROPFIRST > got an i phone so now i have my old phone back . stupid propel makes me sound like a robot . now i have to get used to t9 again now 
Going to be a cat for halloween . 
Cant wait to dress < PROPFIRST > up for halloween ! 
Watching < PROPMALE > in grouchland with < PROPFIRST > 
Had a really good day trick or treating today . And going to the spook house with Lexi was a blast ! 
Watching my son be a goof ball . :) 
I have the smartest kid in the world ! 
Long day . So tired ... 
Is it just me or does < PROPFEMALE > palin sound like a singing chicken ? 
Bored ..... and hungry ....... 
Tired ... 2 hours of sleep last night ... blah 
Cant wait for glee tonight ! 
Bad dream last night :'( 
just bought a baby gate from walmart.com that way i can just let < PROPFIRST > run around upstairs while we are up there . it scares me now that hes starting to try to climb over the gate we have . got a good one-extra tall and extra wide with a swing gate that attaches to the wall . 70 bucks . 
OMG !!! What terrible people !!!! Westboro Baptist Church people are absolutly HORRIBLE !!!!! IF GOD WOULD EVER HATE ANYONE IT WOULD BE THEM !!! They even have a site : godhatesfags.com 
< PROPFIRST > is scared of balloons ! wow 
So excited :) My bathroom is almost done ! Looks so good ! 
Dear Men , if you are going to criticize a woman's figure or any other aspect of her appearance please make 100% sure that you are < PROPMALE > Pitt or < PROPFIRST > Depp . 
Arachnoplaleptic Shock - The insane spasm-like dance performed when on realizes they have just walked through an unexpected spiderweb . :) 
Wow my little sis is thirteen today . Happy birthday kass . Weird seeing your litte siblings grow up when you remember them as devious pain in the butts lol 
The most wonderful thing in my life wears a diaper , can't talk or eat with silverware , drinks out of sippy cups and sits in a car seat , carries around a stuffed animal everywhere he goes and sleeps in a crib . The most wonderful thing in my life is my son and I can never ask for anything better ..... except for another one :) 
Its going to be a long night it looks like . < PROPFIRST > fell asleep and i cant get him to wake up . Too late for a nap and too early for bed time . Ugh 
I feel like crud . Body aches headache and a sore throat . All i want to do is sleep . All day and all night 
I feel like I'm falling apart today . Head body and throat hurt and my wrists and ankles are killing me . Not trying to complain a lot but I don't feel good at all . 
Good night everyone . Sweet dreams ! 
So much to do so little time 
In jeremys room watching him play . He likes his room 
STUFFED ! 
Akuna Matata ! 
I love my son ! :-) 
Annoyed >:( 
The miz is stupid not awesome 
I love laughing cow cheese with crackers . so yummy ! thats my dinner lol . 
sum day ill meet < PROPFIRST > patinson and there'll be thousands of other teen girls screaming < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > I'll be the one yelling \OH MY GOD ITS < PROPMALE > DIGERY \"" 
Weird dreams last night :-/ 
*** Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on fb until Monday Dec . 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Change your pic then copy paste this to your status *** 
It must be Idiots Day today where all the idiots come out and play . Cuz there sure are a lot out today . And their goal : Piss < PROPFEMALE > off cuz its fun ! 
crazy dreams last night-woke up with a headache ugh 
thinks that instantaneous < PROPFEMALE > would be pretty darn entertaining ! 
is upset with jcpenny . had an appt at 4:00 and got there and there were still 2 people before us waiting . it was atleast an hour and a half wait . had to reschedule for next week . hope i can get them in time to mail them to grandparents in california before christmas . 
It feels like christmas ! with the tree glowing in the living room and a large hot chocolate on the table beside me it sure feels good to just sit and relax while reading the first < PROPMALE > potter book for the 19th time . :-) 
Wow what a long day at work . Sickness is in the wind so be careful everyone and use that germ-x ! found out about the job thing . They are not making a decision right now and it may be a while . and my boss said that im get to keep working until they say no more basically- if they say no . Hope i get to stay . I love my job . McCune-Brooks is a great place to work . 
You Annoy me , You Hurt me , You Ignore me , You Confuse me , You Disappoint me , You Use me ... Do I really need you ? 
Ok so i guess ill play the < PROPFIRST > game too lol . Send me a message with a random number and ill post my status with what i think about you with your number 
4643565 : you are a great friend and an amazingly talented and beautiful girl who i know will be very successful in anything you do . I wish we could < PROPFEMALE > out more but our lives are so completly different and have gone in different directions that its hard to find time thats good for both of us . 
Who let the dogs out ?!?!?!....... Seriously ..... Who ? 
Thinks she got bit by a spider or something on her leg . Ouch 
Just got home from spending the day with Angel . Helped her move into her new ( AND BEAUTIFUL ) home . I had a lot of fun . I think this is the start of a very good friendship :) 
I believe that everything happens for a reason and when things don't go as you planned it , it's best not to dwell on it too long . Get up , dust yourself off , fix what you can and keep moving , because life is short so you shouldn't waste your time being unhappy . 
I'm so bored ! 
had christmas pictures taken today . they should be in on friday . so excited :) they were so good ! < PROPFIRST > was a little difficult this time cuz he wanted to play with everything so the camra man didnt get the pics that he was wanting but we did . :) 
Got my pictures in from < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! they are awesome ! 
I am so tired . < PROPFIRST > woke me up at 6:30 
\I don't brush my teeth . I rinse my mouth out with soda after I eat . I was pretty sure Dr. Pepper was a dentist\ " -brittany-glee " 
Didnt realize today is the 18th . 
Watched < PROPMALE > potter for the second time :-) 
Happy birthday aubre !!!! 
swears i never stop saying Stop ... Sit Down ... SSSSHHHH ... No No ... Please Dont ... Enough ! 
:( rerun of glee :( 
headache .... ugh owwww 
< PROPFIRST > just spent about 5 mins crying with his face flat on the floor ... oh how i hate the terrible twos . 
going to dads 
Small children check under their bed for Boogey Man . Boogey Man checks under his bed for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > checks under his bed for the Old Spice Man . 
I love my mom and dad ! :-) 
I cant wait for christmas morning . < PROPFIRST > is going to really enjoy it this year ! 
Go rams ! 
This is not my day so far . 
i think i might go to school to be a cna 
I find it funny how < PROPFIRST > , who is just 18 months old and cant tell time , can tell when i put him to bed early . Even when its just 10 mins . And when its his bed time he basically screams for him to be put in bed . Boy that kid likes to stay on a schedule ! 
Sleepy time . Hopefully < PROPFIRST > sleeps all night this time . Poor baby had a rough night last night . 
I really hate getting up this early . I think they should make it a law to sleep in . Then the world would be a happier place i think . 
Jesus we're livin for your name . We'll never be ashamed of you . And i pray that all we are today ... Take take take it all , take take take it all ! 
My interview went great today ! 
So tired all of a sudden 
My goodness it really stormed last night ! 
Going to the chiropractor again 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be one word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word and not copy , that's no fun . 
Ugh so tired of trying to get < PROPFIRST > to stay in his bed . Just put him in his play pen cuz he wouldnt stay . Hes not too happy about that ! Maybe i could threaten him with the play pen next time ?!?! muahahaha ! lol 
At icu waiting room . My gpa was in a bad car wreck on 249 last night 
found out my grandpa has a collapsed and pierced lung and most of his ribs are broken . he has a chest tube in right now . atleast we know he will be ok . 
My right knee hurts so bad . I dont think its ever hurt this bad before . Omg .... 
Wahoo ! we are making progress ! looks like i just had to threaten him with sleeping in the play pen to get < PROPFIRST > to sleep in his bed . Of course i did lay beside his bed to get him to go to sleep but atleast he didnt try to get out like last night ! 
Weird day today . Eating pizza on lunch right now 
< PROPFIRST > loves pickles !!! 
Ugh ! This is NOT my week ! 
Reading :-) 
Who wants a free chihuahua in 8 weeks ? We have got 4 of them ! 
Watching a movie with < PROPFIRST > 
Stupid facebook wouldn't let me upload pictures from jacks iPhone . Oh come on ! I wanted everyone to see < PROPFIRST > with a banana peel on his head ! 
Stupid car door would open this morning . Took me 15 minutes ! 
Is so tired of job hunting :( 
Got my new phone ! 
Stupidest phone ever . 
Wants to sleep for days ! 
< PROPFIRST > just keep crying . Idk whats wrong . He will be fine one second and the next hes balling his eyes out . 
Mw bubby is getting his incisor teeth in . They werent there yesterday ! now hes got a full set of teeth till his 2 year moellers 
Weirdest dream ever last night . But i dont remember it . Thats weird too 
Playing oblivion :-) 
Wish I was talented at atleast 1 thing . 
I'm so tired .... Sitting here at home dozing off 
Bummer day 
HUSBAND & WIFE WEEK : If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married .... August 14 , 2010 
Im a horrible movie watcher . If Ive seen it before you can count on me falling asleep during it . 
Idk how many times i hit snooze today but it was a lot . So freaking tired . 
: , -( 
i feel crappy 
Had a lot of fun at < PROPFEMALE > house . < PROPFIRST > had a blast hanging out with the kids ! 
Going to church with dad today . Hopefully bub will calm down before we get there . All he has done is cry . Poor babys teeth are painful . Good thing these are the last ones for a couple years 
Had a good day . Went to church then to dads house and ate lunch and watched a movie . Then my sister came over to my house and we watched another movie :) 
I have an interview with conway trucking tomorrow at 4 for part time switchboard operator 
Nervous about the interview today 
Interview went good . Have another one on Thursday 
i have a terrible headache . nd on top of that < PROPFIRST > is so cranky and wont stop whining and screaming ! omg i hate the terrible twos !!! 
Cant believe i had to super glue my glasses . Now one side cant close . Thanks alot < PROPFIRST > . Didnt know you could reach that high . Well atleast they work an 
d dont look like they have been super glued . 
Stomach sick :( 
Oh I believe there are angels among us\ 
Sent down to us from somewhere up above\ 
They come to you and me in our darkest hours\ 
To show us how to live\ 
To teach us how to give\ 
To guide us with a light of love 
I wish this sickness crap would just go away and stay away . I hate this yoyo stuff 
Thought i could start sleeping in since i dont have a job anymore . Yeah right 
At conway truckload waiting for my second interview . So nervous ! 
omg .... my son just dialed 911 . actually he held the number 9 key but i guess it does the same thing but i had the 911 station calling me and the police dept calling to make sure we were alright . i was so embarassed !!! 
Oh how i love singing to the steering wheel .... It cant tell me how horrible i sound ;-) 
soooooo bored ! 
Rearranging my room . We should have done it this way the first time ! 
Omg my knees hurt so bad . Hate cold weather ! 
Slept in till 10:30 so awesome ! thanks sweetheart for getting up with < PROPFIRST > :-) 
Making homemade pizza :) 
Bubba is having a rough night . Has a little fever and is really cranky . Gma < PROPFEMALE > is rocking him to sleep right now . 
Omg i cant sleep ! 
So tired . Got terrible sleep 
scrapbooking :) 
Turned on yo gabba gabba for < PROPFIRST > and saw weird < PROPMALE > yankovic on it .... Wow .... Ok .... 
Wow my little man is 20 months old today ! 
This is a suggestion to everyone : feed the birds ! 
Going to town with my mom :-) jeremys all dressed up . hes so cute ! nice button up shirt jeans and boots :-) 
I think the only talented people at half time where usher and the dancers . Oh and my son .... he was showing off his mad dancing skills ! 
Just made a facebook for my sister Kassady :-) 
watching glee :) 
Im bored !!!! 
Uh no power 
I'm so tired of fb not letting me upload pics from the iphone 
Check out my videos of < PROPFIRST > dancing . He can really boogy ! 
So exhausted . Woke up to < PROPFIRST > crawling all over us . It was cute when he was smaller but now it just plain hurts . Wish he would sleep past 8 ! 
Yay ! Got a camcorder today !!! 
Getting my hair colored and cut . Just got jeremys hair but too . So cute ! 
Watching my fave show :-) 
It seems like im watching more commercials than glee :( 
I miss my mccune < PROPMALE > friends :-( 
Who wants to watch < PROPFIRST > tonight ? 
Going to dinner with dad . We were going to go to movies but cant find a baby sitter so we are going to watch a movie at home instead 
My poor sweet baby is sick . Threw up at my dads . So glad i decided to not go to the movies . Dont want to get anyone else sick . 
Poor < PROPFIRST > is still running a fever 
At work . Bored out of my mind . Oh yeah i havent told many people this : i work at conway truckload now . Its a permanent job thank god . Although i really miss being at mccune < PROPMALE > . That was the best job ever ! even tho it was a temporary job i made lifelong friends . Love you < PROPFEMALE > rachanda < PROPFEMALE > april < PROPFEMALE > ronnessa < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else ! 
uploaded pics of me and my friends from forever ago :) oh the memories !!!! 
went to dinner with my dad and < PROPFIRST > and kassady . it was fun . scary in the rain tho 
gonna see my mom some time today :) 
oh cool .... i was bored and looked up my name- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > = Mountain Sunrise . < PROPFIRST > = God will uplift . 
At work . Bored . Wish this day would go by faster ! 
omgosh its busy tonight at work 
My son has been so good recently ! hes been such a sweety too . :-) im so lucky to have such a wonderful son and an amazing husband . 
My prayers go out to the japanese 
Happy birthday to my hubby ! 
Watched hall pass today . It was funny . :-) 
Aww diet mountain dew :-) 
Being a girl sucks sometimes 
Ugh why does it have to be so hard to go to sleep at night and so easy to go back to sleep in the morning ? 
Making homemade tacos for dinner :-) 
My husband is sick :'( 
:,( jeremys sick now too . Having to take care of my family all by my self . Hope I don't get sick cuz who would take care of all of us ? I don't want to do this again ! 
Oh my poor baby keeps throwing up :( 
Ugh longest night ever . Sore back and neck from sleeping sitting up . Got lots of cleaning to do . I can't believe I'm not sick . Maybe it was food poisoning that < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > had ? The only thing I can think of that they ate that I didnt is Braums breakfast . Hmm 
so we have this little basketball hoop in our living room on the wall and < PROPFIRST > is trying to make a 3 pointer from the couch . He has had some throws almost get in the hoop . i have to say , my little 21 month old is pretty talented ! 
Its so cute watching < PROPFIRST > do stuff all by himself like a big boy :-) 
Happy birthday dad ! 
Is sick :( 
I am so tired today . 
Dear caller , I am the switchboard operator . I answer the calls and transfer them to the dept or person you need . I am not responsible for how long you wait or if your call actually gets answered . Also , if the recorded lady does not prompt you to punch in the extension you need , do not put in the extension . Im really tired of hearing beeping when I answer the phone . Ugh 
Just watched According to < PROPFEMALE > . It was an ok movie . More annoying than anything tho 
Spending the day with my sister Kassady . Went to the mall and now we are at gringos 
Pizza : $13 . Mountain Dew : $1.59 . < PROPMALE > potter movie night with my little family : priceless ! 
Great .... Hail . Ugh and my car is outside not in the garage . Just great . 
Ok i was sick like 3 days ago . Can i please eat something substantial without feeling nauseous ? too much water and jello . Yuck ! 
yay getting ready to go home :) 
Yuck . Progresso soup is nasty 
Omg just read beastly . One of the best stories ever . :-) makes me feel like a giggly little girl when reading it ! 
I have the best kid in the world ! 
Its friday ! lol i know its thursday but its my friday . :-) 2 hours till i am off work :-) 
New FB feature : Control W - lets you see who is viewing your profile for the past 2 days . 
Had a good time with my mom today :-) 
What an eventful day ! first i go to see insidious with aunt < PROPFEMALE > lexi and mom -which is the scariest movie ever ! then i go to eat dinner with dad at cheddars and then watch a movie with him at home . :-) what a great day ! 
Well looks like a bad storm is in our near future . Wont be surprised if < PROPFIRST > runs in to our bed by midnight . 
