< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! 

BEBS !!! Don't eat the Snowman ! 
< PROPFEMALE > NOT Christmas everyone ! 
Nothing 
iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . The rset can be a taotl mses and you can sitll raed it whotuit a pboerlm . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . Azanmig huh ? yaeh and I awlyas tghuhot slpeling was ipmorantt ! 
fi yuo cna raed tihs , yuo hvae a sgtrane mnid too Cna yuo raed tihs ? Olny 55 plepoe out of 100 can . i cdnuolt blveiee taht I cluod aulaclty uesdnatnrd waht I was rdanieg . The phaonmneal pweor of the hmuan mnid , aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny 
READ IT ! 
Q : What is the chemical formula for the molecules in < PROPFEMALE > ? A : Carbon-Holmium-Cobalt-Lanthanum-Tellurium or CHoCoLaTe 
says : If someone is DUMB enough to walk out of your life ... Be SMART enough to let them go ... 
DAMMIT ALL TO HELL , I CAN'T FART , WTF 
Dammit , I'm bored ... 
If you're brave copy this to your status , and see what people rate you : ( 1 ) crazy ( 2 wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) sexy ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) like your lips ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) wana kiss you ( 13 ) funny ( 14 ) lets go out ( 15 ) beautiful ( 16 ) amazing ( 17 ) cute ( 18 ) wish we had sex ( if ur not brave u can always answer in my inbox 
Bored out of my mind . 
YEAH , finally got a new phone 
Need snacks 
I'm fat and i cant do nothing about it . 
Man this is some bullshit . 
MY FUCKIN ARM IS BRUISED 
Haha , thanks a lot guys . 
HELLO VEGAS , be back in a week . 
Hollywood is fuckin boring . 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( December 6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for violence against children . 
Jeez , moonlight sonata 1st mvt is so hard to play .... 
I believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted Him as my personal Savior . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is simple . 
