is going to see Avatar in 3-D and then snowboarding at Granite Peak with my man !!!!! 

doesn't have a phone til tomorrow at like 6ish 
now has her phone back ! 
is more pissed than she has been in a very long time . how fucking rude . 
is counting down the days . 
had a busy fun-filled weekend already ! 
cannot wait to move into the house !! 
is swimming !! 
is burnt . 
... 18 DAYS ! 
has that gut feeling again . shit . 
is just plain tired . 
is stealing someone else's internet ! I'm all moved into my new house and am just unpacking . No real internet until Wednesday ! 
... What's white with red all over ? ME !! I am so sunburnt !! 
is sweating her balls off . 
wonders why it's so hard for someone to keep their word ... seriously . MEN FUCKING SUCK . I thought I might mean something to SOMEONE . 
My life is shit right now . 1 . ) < PROPFEMALE>'s leaving 2 . ) my great grandma isn't doing well 3 . ) i'm passing a kidney stone 4 . ) i was stung by a < PROPFEMALE > in my house 5 . ) i haven't slept in a few days 6 . ) my brother's going back to utah 7 . ) < PROPMALE > is going back overseas 
is pretty sure one of the most influential and important people in my life is going to pass away in the middle of the night . I'll miss you Grandma . :( 
RIP Grandma . You are now my angel . :( Wow , this is harder than I ever would have thought . I miss you so much . 
in Shawano for the wake and funeral . Be back tomorrow night . * RIP GRANDMA , MY ANGEL . I LOVE YOU * 
\Nothing is more powerful than beauty in a wicked world . \ " -Soul Suckers by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
\I do believe that not everything is gonna be the way you think it ought to be . It seems like every time I try to make it right it all comes down on me . \ " -I Shall Believe - < PROPFEMALE > Crow " 
has her computer back ! I'm back to reality ! 
is ..... whoa . 
\I'm just a fucked up girl looking for my own peace of mind . I'm not perfect . \ " -Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind " 
is sitting at home sick :( 
is home from < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ! Congrats to them both ! 
\This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time . \ " -Fight Club " 
is rearranging my living room 
is still awake at 3:30 . Damn you insomnia !!!! 
has a migraine :( 
GAME NIGHT !!! BE THERE OR BE SQUARE !!!! 
... story of my life 
Mr. Sandman , bring me a dream 
\Life passes most people by while they're making grand plans for it . \ " -Blow " 
\I don't wanna wake up from you . \"" 
... it's just one of those days 
BEER PONG TONIGHT !!! 
LORD OF THE RINGS MARATHON WITH < PROPMALE > !! 
wants to build a snowman ! 
is LOVING the new 30 Seconds to Mars !!! 
is excited for this weekend !! 
is feeling poopy . 
The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap . 
needs help thinking of some really good songs from the 90's! 
has too much on my mind 
\Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass .... It's about learning how to dance in the rain . \"" 
is in the Dells with my man until Sunday . 
\It's not a setback . It's a test . \"" 
is okay . 
doesn't even matter . 
has a huge migraine . :( 
is optimistic about every aspect of her life . 
is so excited to go back to school again !!!! 
If you love somebody , you set them free . If they return , they were always yours . If they don't , they never were . 
is sitting on her couch eating raw brownie mix and drinking wine all by herself . Could it get any more lame ? 
is so excited to finally be starting school again in ONE MONTH !!! 
Come to my place later y'all!! If you need directions give me a call - 715.347.3404 
\ ... all I've ever learned from love was how to shoot somebody who outdrew ya ... \"" 
isn't feeling well today . And no , I'm not hungover ! 
If you want to know how far to go to hell , just ask me . 
just ordered my books !! Classes start next Monday !! AHHHHHHH I'm so excited !! 
If you ever enter my mind , stay there . 
is feeing poopy in so many ways :( I'm lucky I have an amazing boyfriend who wants to take care of me tho :) 
starts classes tomorrow ! A little nervous ! 
check me out on the news tonight ! both 7 and 9 ! i am famous ! haha 
is really loving cuddling up every night with my < PROPFEMALE > and my amazing man . Perfect way to fall asleep . 
is disapponted in herself . End of an < PROPFEMALE > i guess 
is a little nervous about her perceptorship/job shadow tomorrow at a vet clinic . But more excited than nervous !! I get to wear my scrubs and watch a vet perform surgeries !! 
is going to bed so i can get up at 6am to volunteer for the Jaycee's Walk Against Women's Violence . Registration starts at 7:30 at the 400 block of downtown Wausau !! Come take a walk ! 
is going fishing for the first time in YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAARSSSSSS !! 
free your heart from hatred ... free your mind from worries ... live simply ... give more .... expect less ( thanks < PROPFEMALE > , i love this !! ) 
is hurt and apparantly not worth fighting for . 
is so glad there is a day to celebrate the greatest mom in the world ! 
\Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions ; they pass no criticisms . \ " \ 
going to the Humane Society for class to practice restraint on real animals ! Then it's off to the Campus Director's office instead of math with my class to hopefully create some sort of change with the instructor . 
is home alone and doesn't like it . I miss my man . :( 
is excited for my mom to visit !! 
had an amazing time 4 wheeling today ! Gonna be sore tomorrow , that's for sure . 
\The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated . \ " ~ Mahatma Gandhi " 
is counting down the hours until my mini vacation !! Milwaukee here we come !!!!! Looking forward to some quality time with my man ! 
is on my way to milwaukee to see Nickelback , Shinedown , Breaking < PROPMALE > , and Sick Puppies !!! 
just got back from the zoo and shopping ! Resting for a bit and then off to dinner at Red Lobster ! 
is home at last !! I missed my Lesterpants !!!! 
is going out on the boat ! Fishing with a good book in hand ... so close to heaven ! 
is up north for the weekend ! An awesome weekend of fishing , reading , relaxing , and other not so important things . 
“A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself . ” - < PROPMALE > Billings 
has a busy day tomorrow . First the Humane Society to practice some skills on real animals finally ! Then a job interview at Old Navy . And probably not lastly , another job interview at Aeropostle . 
is now an employee at Old Navy !!! 
is up in michigan for the weekend . 
really doesn't want it to be this way ... 
doesnt want to lose him ... 
got the apartment !!!! 
has my interview today ! Then I start my first day at Old Navy ! 
isn't feeling well ... nap time . 
is praying for my grammie ... 
is finally moved into my apartment . No internet for a while though :( 
AHHHHH FINALS WEEK AHHHHH 
is sooo happy ! I got the job as the receptionist at the Animal Emergency Clinic !! 
is so angry . That final exam was completely ridiculous . We covered nothing that was on that exam . 
what a night ... 
I am afraid of crossing lines . I am afraid of flying blind . Afraid of inquiring minds . Afraid of being left behind . 
Dear 5am , we really should stop meeting like this . i would much rather sleep with you . Thanks , your insomniac friend , < PROPFEMALE > 
is listening to windsor driver play at the square in wausau . Their rendition of Hallelujah is unbelievable ! 
is having quite the night at work ! 
has a long weekend ahead . Working 8 to 8 today aand 8 to 8 tomorrow . 
just got done with an exhausting 28 hour work weekend and i loved every minute ! I LOVE MY JOB !! 
is sitting at home drinking wine from a coffee cup . 
\All i've ever learned from love was how to shoot somebody who outdrew you . \ " - < PROPMALE > Buckley " 
is having a hard day at work already and it has only been an hour . Man this part of my job sucks . 
is having kidney pain again . better not be another damn kidney stone ... 
is finally home from work . FOUR HOURS LATER ! so i worked 16 hours in one day ! 8am all the way to midnight . joy . 
worked 29 hours this weekend . New record for me ! 
is drinking wine from a wine glass thanks to a very fantastic woman ! Thanks again !! 
is laying on my couch sick :( 
has 2 kittens at home that my mom found . taking care of them is a chore ! but i hope they get healthy soon without thie mommy ! 
took the kittens to the human society . they have a better < PROPMALE > there . 
is tired of being tired . 
is in the dells at noahs ark ! and burnt BAD 
... nothing i do is ever good enough for anybody . will i ever be good enough ? 
Whats inside of me is invisible to most , even in clear view . 
had an super fun time last night with the amazing < PROPFIRST > . havent had that much fun in way too long ! 
is finally home from work , 3 hours later . I should have expected it working at an emergency vet clinic on friday the 13th . 
In a time of secret wooing , today prepares tomorrows ruin , left know not what right is doing , my heart is torn asunder . * < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
And under pain , pleasure . Under pleasure , pain lies . * < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Happiness is a quality of mind . It is something we possess within ... If we do not have it within , nothing outside can give it to us . * Paramananda 
If you wanna know how far to go to hell just ask me . 
It is not what we say or what we feel that makes us what we are . It is what we do ... or fail to do . * < PROPFEMALE > Austen 
I have found all that shimmers in this world is sure to fade away again . * Shimmer by Fuel . ( Great song ) 
Try as much as possible to be wholly alive , with all your might , and when you laugh , laugh like hell , and when you get angry , get good and angry . Try to be alive . You will be dead soon enough . * < PROPFIRST > Saroyan 
wishes she knew more people in wausau . Anyone in wausau wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? Let me know ! 
Well being means to be fully born , to become what one potentially is . It means to have the full capacity for joy and sadness or , to put it differently , to awake from the half slumber the average man lives in and to be fully awake . * < PROPMALE > Fromm 
doesnt think i am a bad person ? So why was i attacked by my coworkers ALL DAY ? 12 hours of this bullshit almost made me walk out on my job . Not even being melodramatic . I have never been treated like that in my entire life . Needless to say , today sucked . 
I dont wanna live to waste another day underneath the shadow of mistakes I made , cuz I feel like Im breaking inside . I dont wanna fall & say I lost it all , cuz maybe theres a part of me that hit the wall , leaving pieces of me behind . * Shinedown 
is excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > tonight ! It has been too long !! 
is not feeling well today . :( Sorry to the people I had to cancel plans with . I feel poopy . :( 
is on my way to work . Kinda . There was an accident right before the exit I need to take . Must be a bad one cuz I havent moved in a half hour . Well as of right now , I am a half hour late for work . Damnit ! 
is at my family reunion . I love looking at old old pictures ! 
Nothing is real . Everything is permanent . 
has no phone :( So the only way to contact me is on here . 
has her phone back !! Yay ! Text away guys ! 
so wishes she had tv so she can watch football ! Good thing I can at least watch at work . 
has the BEST Grammie in the whole wide world ! Not sure who I would be or where I would be without her ! LOVE YOU GRAMMIE ! AND THANKS ! 
My brain hurts . 
Sunday : Football : Happy < PROPFEMALE > ( All apart from the fact that I have to be at work for all of that . Oh well . Just getting paid to watch the lions kick some viking ass . ) 
had a shitty day . Stupid car ran out of gas and had to walk 3 < PROPMALE > to get a gas can ( which was $15 !!! ) and then I did not know how to use the damn thing ! I cried and spilled a bunch on myself so now I smell like gasoline . Some old guy in a suit helped . 
GO PACK GO !!! Watching the game with my mommy ! 
had an amazing date with Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Feltz !! 
Today is going to be a good day . No , scratch that . Today is going to be a GREAT day ! 
was up before the sun this morning . Yuck . 
< It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society . > * Krishnamurti 
is baking pecan dream bars !! Yum ! 
finally has the internet at my apartment !!!! 
.... all my pieces are jagged . 
is so glad the weekend is over ! I am so pumped for this week !!!! It's going to be a GREAT week ! 
is going to see The Town with < PROPMALE > !!! 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes !!!!!! 
is in the dells for a wedding !!! 
had an AMAZING time at the wedding . And after :) 
had so much freaking fun these past few days !!! 
feels like icky shit poo ! 
is laying in a pool of her own snot , losing her voice , and just threw up a little in her mouth because she sneezed . Doing all of this while remaining regal and sophisticated of course . 
is so glad she got to celebrate the birthday of < PROPFIRST > Zielke !!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! 
I'm dying here\ 
cuz I can't say what I want to . \ 
I'll bleed my heart out just for you . 
is enjoying play-time with my HEALTHY feline friend . No 20-year-old renal failure 4 pound kitties here ! No sir-ee < PROPMALE > !! 
just got home from work . 15 hours ! Woke up before the sun was up and got home waaaaaay after it went down . I am tired . 
I thought I had you figured out \ 
Something's gone terribly wrong \ 
You're all I wanted\ 
He will try to take away my pain \ 
And he just might make me smile \ 
But , the whole time I'm wishing he was you instead 
is making chili !!! Yum !! < \The Last Kiss\ " by < PROPFIRST > Swift > " 
* < Haunted > * ~ Taylor Swift ( This song explains how I feel to a T yo ) 
is freeeeeeeeeeezing in this refrigerator called my apartment ! I hope my landlord comes tomorrow to fix my heater !! BRRRRR ! 
is eating a homemade dinner ( made my me ) of chicken , mashed potatoes , gravy , and corn . Yum . 
Hey , everyone ... remind me NEVER to get acrylic nails EVER again ! They are a pain in the ass to remove !!!!!!! 
... if you're the death of me darlin ' , I wanna die . < Miranda Lambert , you say what I feel so very well > 
has to wear a holter monitor for 48 hours . Monitering my heart . I hope everything turns out okay . 
is so glad the weekend is OVER !! Wearing a heart monitor when working a 25 hour CRAZY BUSY weekend ... well , whatever it reads should be very interesting !! 
is trying new beers So far , I really like Red Vixen by Horny Goat . Yum . 
... you're going to catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . 
is hanging out with family today ! 
is sipping hot chocolate and reading a very fine text called \Clinical Anatomy & Physiology for Veterinary Technicians\ " . Currently reading chapter 10 : The Respiratory System . What a great way to end the weekend . " 
had a CRAZY night at work !!! Finally home !! 
\Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes . Don't resist them ; that only creates sorrow . Let reality be reality . Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like . \ " -Lao-Tzu " 
Hey everyone , check me out on the news with the Animal Emergency Center ! http://www.waow.com/Global/story.asp?S=13533565# 
DRIVE SAFE EVERYONE !!!! 
is working 8-8 today . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
is heading to Shawano to go see Tangled with my amazing Grammi and then to my Aunt's to have a wonderful Thanksgiving dinner with my family ! 
is at home sick . I swear to God , if I have another damn kidney stone in this same kidney , I will rip it out myself ! So sick of this !!! 
got 86% on my Anatomy exam , 97% on my Comparative Anatomy Paper , and I think I did really good on my Pharmacology exam . Not a bad day overall . Still a little nauseus though :( 
wants to build a snow fort !!!! 
We rest ; a dream has power to poison sleep . We rise ; one wand'ring thought pollutes the day . We feel ; conceive , or reason ; laugh or weep , Embrace fond woe , or cast our cares away ; It is the same : for be it joy or sorrow , The path of its departure still is free . Man's yesterday may ne'er be like his morrow ; Nought may endure but mutability ! ~ P.B. < PROPFEMALE>'s \Mutability \"~" 
is working 8-8 today and 8-8 tomorrow . Bring on the money baby ! 
Christmas with my family . Ah love it . 
You can't make an omelette without cracking an egg ! 
I am not a robot , I am not a monkey ... I will not dance even if the beat is funky . 
Go Pack Go !!! 
And the risk that might break you \ 
Is the one that would save you\ 
A life you don't live is still lost\ 
-\Before It's Too Late\ " by < PROPMALE > Avenue " 
is missing school again because of my damn car . UGH !! 
has an amazing time with < PROPFEMALE > Feltz in Point last night !! Now it's off to Cumberland for a weekend away !!! 
Raji is my hero 
- \I couldn't face a life without your light ... \ " ~ Snuff by Slipknot " 
\These feelings won't go away ... They be knocking me sideways . \ " -Sideways by Citizen Cope " 
Feeling fly like a cheesehead ! GO PACK GO !!!! 
\At the center of your being you have the answer ; you know who you are and you know what you want . \ " -Lao-tzu " 
just sold my car ! Excited to pick up the new one tonight ! And super excited for dinner with my amazing Grammie !! 
has a terrible headache ... 
will be in Michigan all weekend !! Woo hoo !!! 
is SO nervous about driving back to Wisconsin tomorrow !!! AAAAHHHH !!! 
made it home safely in 9 hours !!! I wish the weekend didn't have to end though :( I had too good of a time ! 
is starting to get sick . WTF 
is full blown SICK ! Bleh 
can finally taste food again !!! Yay ! 
is the < PROPFEMALE>'s knees . 
I'm not calling you a ghost , just stop haunting me . - < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine 
\It is for us to make the effort . The result is always in God's hands . \ " -Gandhi " 
is hoping when she attempts sleep tonight , she gets more than the 3 hours of sleep she got last night . Let's hope . PLEASE ! I'm so tired !! 
just had an amazing hot and relaxing bath ... and studied for 2 exams . At the same time . Oxymoron ? Yes , I think so . 
just got home from work .... 16.5 hour shift . Holy hell , I am so pooped ! I worked 8am - 12:30 am . 
is having a really bad day . Grrrr 
is out having fun with my love , < PROPFEMALE > Feltz !!!! 
- OMG ! I have a snow day ... IN COLLEGE !! What ?? Weird . Good thing too ... I can't even get out of my driveway , much less make it to school . 
- my heart hurts . metaphorically . and literally . ouch . crying starts now . 
is still not feeling well . Good thing it's my week off school ! 
All of us have a thousand wishes . to be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died ..., or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
had nightmares galore last night . Scary . 
\It's no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society . \ " -Krishnamurti " 
