wii wii wii !!! :D 

loves eating frozen strawberries :) 
is watching some Degrassi , been a long time 
swim swim swim 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett :_( sad day .... 
feels like the bottom of her feet are sunburned , and is still exhausted ! 
cookin some pasta 
had loooooots of fun tonight with all my friends xD whoot ! 
feels like .. crap 
happy 4th of july everyone :D too bad its raining though .. yuck 
went to the zoo today ! it was awesome :) 
is wow ... there's not a word that can describe today heh . Oh , but had a lot of fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s! :D 
loves playing Apples to Apples :) 
loves watching < PROPFIRST > Springer and the Maury Show with dad 
hates and loves her new phone at the same time heh 
is very happy , for no apparent reason :) 
is chillin ... bored 
just got senior pictures in the mail ! :D 
is ecstatic ! ^O^ 
is hooked on techno and trance today lol gotta love that music !!! 
hates drinking Alka Seltzer .. 
just got back , JUDAS PRIEST IS ******* AWESOME !!!! :DDDD 
hey ppl :) i just got AIM so yeh message me 
had a great birthday party today :) 
just helped < PROPFIRST > get a Facebook !!!!!!!!!!!! :D WHOOOOOO !!!! 
IS OFFICIALLY 18 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) mwuahahahaha ! 
just bought a powerball last night .. im feelin lucky >:D 
doesnt wanna be bored on the last day of summer :( 
is extremely tired from school 
worst day in a long time ... 
things have gotten a lot better actually .. thank you mom 
work work work , type type type .. I thought senior year was suppose to be kinda laid back and less stressful in \homework\ " . To top it all off it's only the 4th day of school and im gettin hammered ! What .. THE MESS ?!?! " 
loves making all her friends laugh a lot :D today was an awesome day 
;D mwahahaha 
is so tired ... 
is very happy and surprised .. thanks everyone :) 
loves singing \Sing Me to Heaven\ " ... makes me cry :) " 
is crying and still singing \Sing Me to Heaven\ " :'( I'm hooked .. " 
loves laughing so hard that she cries :D 
misses her bestie :'( hope shes doing alright 
wishes that some people wouldn't take others for granted 
was hypnotized at the fair last night , I remember it now and I can't stop laughing at the video ! XD 
wow , if it wasnt for facebook , i wouldnt get to talk to the people that i love <3 ha whoever came up with facebook is a genius lol 
feels accomplished , love you Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
is so excited about tonight :D 
gonna go see District 9 today 
ok , I don't care what anyone else says lol I thought District 9 was AWESOME ! Oh and I saw a rainbow on the way home :D 
IS SO FRIGGIN PUMPED ABOUT TOMORROW ! :) 
had a blast being < PROPFIRST > today , wish I could do it over again ! :) and also .. I NEED to learn how to stage fall , strained a leg muscle in drama :( 
hey SENIOR choir gals ! is anyone going to MTSU on tuesday ?? please answer me , thank you lol :) 
is goin to a funeral in a few .. blah :( 
practice makes perfect 
never stops singing , I just got yelled at for it .. what the mess ? :_( 
what a day it has been 
is SO frustrated .. it's hell week 
hopes a lot of people will come see the play !! :) it's this thurs , fri , and sat .. tickets are $5 at the door and house opens at 6:30 , the show starts at 7 !! oh and btw the play is called \The Secret of Madame Defarge . \ " :D " 
ugh today was ... awful , but the play rocked though :) 
yeah so some old hag/***** called mom and i lezbos , ugh ive never been so pissed in my life ... told her off . WHAT IS UP WITH THIS WEEK !? honestly i think i might die before im 20 or something from all this stress thats been happening 
just think ... THIS IS THE LAST WEEK ! THEN FALL BREAK ! im excited :P 
worried .. mom is very sick :( 
EXTRA EXTRA ! IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO SEE THE PLAY '' THE SECRET OF MADAME DEFARGE '' DURING SCHOOL , BUG YOUR 2ND BLOCK TEACHER ABOUT SEEING IT ON THURSDAY .. FOR FREE , THAT'S RIGHT , FREE !! JUST HAVE YOUR 2ND BLOCK TEACHER EMAIL MISS < PROPMALE > SAYING THAT YOU WOULD LOVE TO ATTEND ! Oh and btw , I'm selling the WHOLE SHABANG on DVD , so if you want one , they are $5 :) 
keeps kicking herself over and over and over again .. sometimes i wonder why i was ever here .. making myself miserable seems to be the main thing these days 
blah day .. 
still a blah day .. lol but hey , gonna go get my hair done so .. trying to be happy yay 
loves her friends 
practicing , and praying to God that I have a wonderful audition tm :) 
is jazzed :) got to hold a baby python at petsmart today it was AWESOME ! i want one so bad lol 
is uber happeh xD 
is already lovin these 2 weeks off :) goodbye stress ! for now ... 
a big congrats to all the ppl making midstate and allstate ! :) 
is very excited !! leaving for Gatlinburg tm ! wont be back till the 10th :) 
gah ! i wish some ppl had fb so i could tag them in all these photos ! lol 
is FINALLY home !!!! :D Gatlinburg was so much fun .. and this time it was nice and < PROPFEMALE > ! someone up there likes us :) 
is having a good day today 
feels like the performance tonight was the best it's ever been ! :) 
IS LOVIN ' CUMBERLAND ! :D 
AHHH !!!! might win the Kiss contest !! * crosses fingers * 
really doesnt wanna go to school tm , instead id prefer a rave ;] 
finished an application for college ! Ow hand hurts .... lol 
cant sleep atm .. freaked out by the \Paranormal Activity\ " trailer .. holy crap ..... I WANNA SEE IT ! " 
IS SO PISSED !!! THAT LADY IM COMPETING WITH IS CHEATING !!!! and she honestly doesnt look great at all .... WTF ? plleeeeease my friends :( if you havent voted i need you ! every vote counts ! thank you so much , idk what else to say 
so yeah .. i found out how they were CHEATING !!!! them #&$#*@& !! 
wants to give up ... 
it was a great experience , I'm very content with our score , top 10 is pretty darn good in the whole world , for only being together for 6 months ! :) Think .. it could always be worse haha 
i have just come to realize that < PROPMALE > Simmons is hot haha , well to me anyways xD 
is so hyped :D WEDNESDAY BABY !! 
had the time of my life last night ! I was on the news yay ! ( fox 17 ) :D I GOTS LOTS AND LOTS OF SURPRISES 
is still tired from giving blood , i dont like it 
still cant believe i have almost ALL the band members autographs from KISS ! 
so yeah , i dunno how to describe paranormal activity .... it sucks ? but .. it scared the crap outta me anyways ? wth ? i dunno im leanin towards the crappy side here ? 
is addicted to Wii Fit 
night :) had sooo much fun tonight , wish it lasted longer 
really wants < PROPFEMALE > to come over and chilllll 
dont wanna go to school tm 
seriously ? i am NOT in favor of driving 35mph allllllll the way down stewerts ferry pike ... why did they change it !? come on , tell me who ACTUALLY drives 35 down that road , i usually drive 50 and people are STILL on my friggin butt ... 35 is literally TOO slow 
studing mid-state x_x 
If you are going to walk on thin ice , you might as well dance ..... That really speaks to me . 
the night just keeps getting better and better :) i couldnt go to bed on a happier note 
well , i left school around 9am , went home and slept for about 4 hours ... idk whats wrong with me . all my energy is gone and i cant breathe out of my nose to save my life , maybe its a 24hr cold .. 
you know those Bath and Body Works wallflowers ? man i love those .. mom just put a wintergreen/pine one in the living room , it feels like xmas is here already 
i reeeeeally reeally am hooked onto Eiffel 65 atm .. WOOT ! thanks < PROPFIRST > ! hahaha 
couldve been worse ya know ? haha and i think that we kicked some < PROPMALE > butt on the last two , but thats just my opinion :) 
is so out of it today 
IS IN THE BEST MOOD EVER !!!!!!! :D :D :D 
is jammin to some Ghostbusters ! 
happy day :) 
I just learned two new facts today ! 1 . If I was a dog , I'd be a Schnauzer . 2 . My blood type is A+ 
is nothing without a voice .. i feel so awful , i wish i couldve been there 
its been a long , exciting day with mother dearest :) 
so fed up with it 
exhausting much ? 
curse you chocolate 
set on multitracking .. sooo frustrating , but i think i can do it , if i get this , itll be worth it in the end ! 
the happiest person in the world right now !!! but sadly i am done for the night , parents went to bed , darn ! oh well , here i go again tm ! :D 
couldnt be anymore happier , wish i could fall asleep though ... ha 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! :) 
wants to go shopping 
Go lovely < PROPFEMALE > , tell her that wastes her time and me ... that now she knows , when i resemble her to thee ... 
playing the wii fit plus with < PROPFEMALE > , AHH !! ive lost about 10lbs :) it really works ! 
Is having one heck of a night . ;) This year was fun , and I hope 2011 will be even better ! Hope everyone is safe tonight and HAPPY NEW YEAR !! :D 
So freakin ' jazzed ! Can't wait to learn more dance moves on friday ! 
guess what guys !? i woke up .. and got ready for school .. BUT THERE IS NO SCHOOL ! hahahaha .. funny stuff 
out of the darkness and into the sun , but i wont forget all the ones that i loved .. i gotta take a risk , take a < PROPMALE > , make a change , and breakawaaaay ... 
idk why .. but something tells me that we are gonna get friday off too , anyone else feel that vibe ? 
NO SCHOOL TM ! NO SCHOOL TM !! I WAS SO RIGHT ABOUT THAT VIBE ! LOL ! 
i need to get a yoga mat ... 
worried and feeling the pressure .. allstate , acda , quartet , college .. and multitracking , all of it in THIS month , plus senior project and who knows what else ? i just might lose it 
thinking and working on literally 8 things at once , and school hasnt even started yet 
senior project and all-state ... WHOO 
really wants to get some < PROPMALE > makeup 
fillin out some vocal scholarships ... fun 
can finally do the moonwalk xD 
grr i reeeally wanna go sledding lol 
AHHH I WANNA GO SLEDDING :_( 
is actually seeing similarities here .. I don't know if I like it or not 
why do i feel somewhat distraught ? :\\ GAH ! Maybe playin some piano will make it all go away 
Ugh I NEED to work on my hw .. but I just don't wanna :\\ 
I can't believe it .. I was choosen for the < PROPFIRST > Whitacre Solo/Scholarship .. Last night I was in tears . I couldn't be happier . New York City/Carnegie Hall ... here I come 
Hey everyone , I just wanted to let you know that I didn't win any money for the scholarship haha ! Whoops it doesn't involve $5000 . I must have confused it with one of the many scholarships that I was looking at . I messed up ( and yes I feel pretty stupid ) . Oh well everyone makes mistakes . Just wanted to let you know that . Lol and I want my facts to be straight ! :) Thanks ! AND I'M STILL REEEALLY EXCITED !!!!!!!! 
senior paper .. almost done though :) 
hey people .. so i reeeally want to get my belly button pierced , but I can't stand pain that much , I hear that it's a lot like getting your ears pierced , if that's the case , well then awesome ! Any opinions anyone ? 
sick and tired of high school .. and 3rd block especially 
Nothing like washing your car on a nice day , looks brand new ! It reeeally needed it . 
I think it's kinda funny how the weather is below 30 one week , then the next its about 70 haha 
Had a great day ! I love my best friend so much , and her dad cracks me up ! :D 
sometimes it's really nice just .. to sit down and pray once in a while , saying the rosary tonight made me feel at ease .. be thankful for everything you have , because it could be so much worse . 
why do I keep getting ladybugs in my room ? 
don't you hate it when you got the hots for a guy .. but they don't have a clue 
ACDA gives me a headache 
is confused about what Barbizon really wants from me 
LOVED < PROPFEMALE > IN WONDERLAND ! <3 
hooked on tap tap revenge 3 , its like guitar hero all over again , or rock band ha , cept for your fingers 
SO excited !!!! Just recieved 2 pieces for Paradise Lost ! They are sooooo beautiful they make me cry ... I can only imagine , performing on stage . Thank you God for this wonderful opportunity ! 
drinking some warm < PROPFEMALE > apple cider vinegar water .. throat you HAVE to get better before competition !!! You can't and will NOT fail me ! 
it feels great to be back , although I'm stoked about winning first place at the 2010 Rising Stars of the South Region 23 Young Women in < PROPFEMALE > Quartet Competition . I was and still am kinda surprised we won . It was a very , and I mean a VERY close competition . Thank you God for answering our prayers and realizing how much work we put into this . I love you Moonlit Melodies ! :) 
is so grateful for my friends , family , and God .. Period . 
uploaded another multitrack , you should watch it , it's called < PROPMALE > Boy :) 
AHHH !! THE LAST EPISODE WAS AWESOME !! I'm crying like a little baby .. 
is happy .. just because :) 
is gonna be in a world of A LOT and I mean A LOT of hurt in about a week or so . I'm so excited .. NOT 
is really tired and finishing with working on senior project days . Found a four leaf clover today though !! 
just got back from All-State , I sang with a 100.6 fever YES ! Haha , feelin like crap so I won't be doing much , voice rest , hot tea ( YUCK ! ) , and sleep are my best friends :) I had fun nonetheless , I met a lot of people AND even the man who conducted the Virtual Choir Sleep on Youtube !!!! :D 
I'm almost 100% sure I have a sinus infection .. going to the doctors on Monday to get some antibiotics . Please I'll do anything for it to go away before Thurs ! 
Long day , it was fun though , goodnight everyone :) 
going to the doctors , I HAVE to do something about this stupid nose of mine .. and ears , they won't stop popping :( being plogged up is very VERY annoying 
workpackessaypaperdrawingsworkpackessaypaperdrawings .. AH ! 
BACK FROM ATLANTA ! :D 
is something wrong with me ? Gosh what a horrible day .. 
Just Dance for the Wii is AWESOME ! 
I hate how FB posts on someone's wall about me \answering\ " questions about them .. when I didn't even answer any questions about them in the first place !! What the mess ?! " 
Ah , nothin like listening to some ol ' AC/DC 
it's hard , growing up 
AWESOME DAY ! The weather was beautiful ! Tomorrow is supposed to be just as < PROPFEMALE > and hot :) 
SOOO EXCITED !! Going to upload another video shortly !!! :D :D 
Can't wait till June , just thinking about it and I get chills 
Bad day 
excited about prom ! Wish I had a cute date though .. ha 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Sexton in a bit , eating downtown later . Yum , seafood :) 
Touching up on Senior Project , now st < PROPMALE > ing on the < PROPMALE > project :) Funnn 
great day , senior presentation went well , and started on Go , Lovely < PROPFEMALE > :) 
my dog Gizzy just died .. 
going to bed .. had a long day .. love you Gizzy :( and night everyone . 
ParadiseLostParadiseLostParadiseLostParadiseLostParadiseLost !!!! XD 
Tomorrow's schedule : Write reflective essay , work on visual journal for < PROPMALE > final exam project ( has 20 frickin ' pgs to do UGH !! ) , and also Mundane sketchbook assignment , work on Paradise Lost music , and then help mom with painting the deck .. maybe record some Go , Lovely < PROPFEMALE > afterwards . 
can't believe my last day of high school is over .. FRIGGIN AWESOME ! Going swimming atm and actually chillin for a while , then attending the Drama Banquet later , gonna be fun ;] Dressin up like a famous hollywood supasta !!! Can you guess who ? xP 
is feelin ' mighty fine ! Mighty fine , OMG CARNEGIE HALL IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER , I'M SO EXCITED !!!! I'm the happiest person in the world :) 
Loves Iron Man 2 , wanna know why ? AC/DC's songs are the background music ! :D 
finally has some time to update pictures , thinking about putting up Hawaii pics :) 
is really annoyed atm .. 
really likes her horoscope for the day :D You feel especially attractive or friendly , and the warmth you radiate is noticed and appreciated today . Love , relationships , beauty , and pleasure are emphasized now for you . A new romance or friendship may come about today or an old or current one may take a turn for the better . 
gonna go swimming , maybe the sun will make me feel better :) \\n*LoveStruck * 
everything just got 10 times harder for me . 
A bit frustrated , new Paradise Lost music , recording some new stuff , then going down to the < PROPFEMALE > to check out that job .. Thank goodness the Fox17 news interview was moved to Tuesday . Sorry for not responding to a few people . I've been really busy . 
Bad day , very disappointed . 
AWESOME DAY :) I <3 NY \\n*LoveStruck * 
wish i could access fb but i cant .. only txt . but wow :) in times square atm . eating at bubba gumps ! next is M&M factory ! \\n*LoveStruck * 
I'M HOME !!! That ... WAS THE BEST TRIP EVER !!!!! GONNA PUT PICS UP ASAP ! Nothing could compare what I just went through :D Singing at Carnegie Hall , with < PROPFIRST > Whitacre ... wow . Details lata ! 
Going swimming today with < PROPFEMALE > Sexton . Then tomorrow going to get a puppy ! I'm excited ! 
So ready to rescue a puppy today :) 
I very much dislike the fact that when you're absolutely head over heels for someone , yet they don't even have the slightest clue . Go figure . 
can't go back to sleep now . It's a bit frustrating , potty training a new puppy . 
Working on a new project , pretty stoked . 
I keep having dreams of falling in love , but the guy I'm falling in love with is fiction . He looks different everytime I dream too . Weird . 
Don't you hate it when you want to sleep , but just can't . 
cooking taquitos for dinner :) 
Working out every day ... goal : to keep it at 130lbs :) Maybe a few pounds less .. haha . Bye ice cream and chocolate :_( 
Job interview at 6 . Oh boy .. 
Thinking about getting on Skype . It's been forever . Last time I had a nice convo with < PROPFEMALE > Wortman , it was really really funny :D 
Really wants that job at Red < PROPFIRST > * crosses fingers * We'll see what happens . 
< PROPFEMALE > with the bestie today , then get hair done before photoshoot tomorrow :) Excited ! 
Film work ??? OF COURSE I'M INTERESTED !! Thank you !!! One of the \best days\ " ever :D " 
So I found out about that \audition\ " I was going to today for modeling .... It was actually an audition for < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model . Kinda surprised me when I discovered that LOL . " 
IT'S ALMOST LOADED I'M EXCITED !!! :D Staying up late and creating videos/multitracking ... nice . 
How do people get so famous on YouTube ? I've been trying so hard for a while to figure it out ! Frustrating . I can't get \featured\ " or use \ " promoted videos\ " Because 1 . Have to complete a stupid survey or 2 . Have to pay for it :( " 
Registration tomorrow , excited :) Wow time sure does fly , especially during the summer ! 
I can't sleep . I'm thinking about it so much . And I'm iffy about songs that they may not like .. That have been done too many times . 
Goodnight everyone . Going to \try\ " and get some shut eye . Have to get up at 3 because American Idol starts at 5am ! Whoot !! Thank you so much to the people that are supporting me . It means so much :) You don't even know . " 
Thank you soooo much everyone for the Birthday wishes ! You all are so sweet !!! <3 <3 
Thank you all again for all the Birthday wishes ! It means so much to me <3 
I just figured out that seafood is my all time favorite food because I don't feel sick and bloated after I've stuffed myself LOL :D Oh .. And thank you everyone again for the AWE-SOME Birthday wishes . Love you guys !!! 
Excited about tomorrow :) 
It's just one of those nights , where I can't sleep . 
Cumberland is freaking awesome :) Made a lot of friends already ! And classes haven't even started yet ! :D So excited about choir as well ! 
Walking around campus all day makes me tired . But I'll get used to it eventually . Hopefully I'll drop some weight hah . 
College is so .... I can't describe it . In both good ways , and bad . I love the people and classes , but I hate not having the time to multitrack for Youtube and you all . I'm sorry everyone . Hopefully I will get up another video in a couple weeks . 
YES ! Finally had some time today to record . HOPEFULLY I will be done with the huge project on Monday ... Hopefully ! 
Almost almost almost almost almost ... 
Poking wars are .. fun , yet .. what's the point of them ? xD Haha . Also just got done with sight singing homework , I am very relieved . 
How am I suppose to do a journal entry .. when the blackboard isn't even up ? I guess I'll make a hard copy and give it to her tomorrow morning before class starts :\\ 
Yay , just recieved news that I will be singing the National Anthem solo at Cumberland University for their football game on October 30th at noon . :) 
September 11th , 2001 . We will never forget . It almost makes me cry just thinking about it . 
Really excited about drama auditions tomorrow . :) 
Sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze SNEEZE ... and a slight temp , and a headache . Just great , and I wanted to record today for EWVC . That's my luck . Hopefully by this weekend this \head cold\ " will go away . " 
Spend all your time waiting , for that second < PROPMALE > . For a break that would make it ok . There's always some reason , to feel not good enough , and it's hard at the end of the day .... In the Arms of an Angel , fly away from here ... 
just got a flu shot , working on homework , and taking it easy . 
Just got a new car today ( late 19th birthday present haha ) . A 2007 , Mazda6 .. silver white color :) It's my baby , spent about four hours cleaning it up , now .. study study study . 
Paper 3 assignment in English makes me want to rip my hair out . And I'm also feeling as though I'm falling behind in Sight Singing and Ear Training class .. UGH ! ><' 
Can't wait for fall break , ugh . Two days , still .. it is better than nothing . Look on the bright side haha . 
is hooked on Left 4 Dead 2 . Oh , and SSBB .. heck might as well say Halo Reach too haha . 
crying my eyes out ... Seven Pounds - If you haven't watched it , you NEED to . My favorite movie at the moment . 
frustrated .. worried . 
Just bought < PROPFIRST > Whitacre's \Light & Gold\ " album online . Can't waaait to get it :) " 
So very excited about my halloween costume . It's going to \rock\ " ;) " 
can't sleep , scared about going to the dentist tomorrow . I want to go to choir instead . But this has to be done . 
Novocaine is my best friend at the moment . Oh and ice cream . 
I feel like I'm ahead of homework .. for once ( ok , maybe not sight singing though ) . 
Just got home from an opera concert ... best concert EVER . I am inspired . 
Spray painting \11 ' MJ Seniors\ " over the troop's names that have served our country .. That is something you DO NOT do .. EVER . How disrespectful . I hope they feel ashamed . It burns me up just thinking about it . I pray that they get caught and are taught a lesson . " 
It seems like everytime I want to record , something happens . Figures . 
What to do .. I recorded my Sleep video 50 times it seems , trying to get it right . And when I finally DO get it right , I go back and listen , and the audio track has a few random crackles and pops in it . This isn't my night . I'm debating on whether or not to upload it anyways . 
Practice practice practice ! El Majo Discreto is almost there . 
Just got done with my English presentation slideshow for tomorrow . I wish this semester would be over already , so much stress . 
Sitting outside on a beautiful day , just finished my presentation , recieved three A's on assignments . Ah , life is good . 
was swept off my feet last night .. Amazing . 
I couldn't be any happier . Just saying :) 
\That boy is a monster .. he ate my heart . \ " ;) Love that song . " 
Been kinda a down day , but recording made me a little happier . Gonna get in the hot tub now ;) Heeeck yes . 
Sometimes people don't realize what they have until it's gone . 
Just hit 1001 subscribers YAAAAY ! What an amazing Christmas present ! Thank you everyone who has subbed !!! <3 
Snow covers the ground , that alone makes me smile :D Have a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! May everyone be safe as well . 
There's nothing like curling up on the couch all cozy like with a blanket and watching movies all day . I may go outside in a while to play in the snow . 
So excited for today ;) And I simply can't wait till next year ! Things are looking up , I couldn't be more happy ! AH !! Oh and I pray that everyone had an awesome Christmas ! 
This past night was amazing , thanks to a certain someone . ;) Haha . 
Gonna go see if I can get that job at a day care . I love little kids . 
Feelin ' amazing , working out on that Wii and singing ! AH ! And dad's taking me shooting tomorrow at the range , I'm excited ! 
Big day tomorrow , can't wait for the night on the town . ;) 
Out and about running errands . It's such a beautiful day . :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Center ? I think yes . That is definitely part of my new year's resolution . 
I guess it's true , all the good ones are gone . They are either gay or married . 
Worked out for an hour and a half . I shouldve done this sooner , I feel amazing haha . :) 
Watching Taken .. this makes me never want to travel alone without a parent . 
Just relaxing today , trying to get rid of this stupid sore throat . 
< PROPMALE > your dreams and remember me , speak bravery , ' cause after all those wings will take you , up so high , so bid the < PROPMALE > floor goodbye as you brace the wind and take to the sky ... 
So fed up with sneezing my butt off ! ARRRGH !!!! 
Excited about going to CU tomorrow . Wonders who is in all my classes . ;) And I can't wait to see all my buddies at 13 ! Imma be killin ' some zombies with em ! 
Going to watch The Notebook for the first time , never seen it ( Don't hurt me lol ) . Have a feeling I'm going to cry my eyes out . 
The Notebook is now my favorite movie at the moment . I can't stop crying haha woooow . 
So tired ... but so freakin ' happy I saw all my buddies today at CU . I've missed them so much . :) If the cold didn't affect me so badly I would be up for a snowball fight haha . 
Overwhelmed by everything already . Trying to get it all together ... that's whats on my mind . 
I'm just going to say it . The new zodiac sign dates are ridiculous to me . I've been a horoscope geek for the most of my life and everyone that I have come across fits their sign almost to the T . My advice ? Simply ignore it , someone was bored and wanted to make something new up . :) Besides ... I am no Cancer LOL . 
I'm going to make < PROPFEMALE > Myers watch The Notebook when she gets home . She always says that she's going to watch it someday ... well today is that day lol . 
Wish I could record ... and kinda want to see my buddies at 13 , the other night was freaking hilarious . 
Sometimes I wonder what my life would've been like if I stayed in California . Just , curious . 
Tired , but I had an amazing day . Excited about the musical now !!! :D 
I must sing sing sing ! Break time ... then I must sing again ! 
Dear Cumberland Alums , I pray you cancel school tomorrow on account of the snow ... so I can stay home and practice my music all day , that would be very much appreciated . Thank you for taking time to read this message haha . :) 
I have just come to the conclusion that I have to learn NINE pieces of music for the musical , then EIGHT solo pieces for jury this semester . 17 pieces in roughly FOUR months . Looks like multitracking \might\ " have to be put off till the summer . I'm really sorry everyone . " 
Practicing all day .. kinda wants to do something fun tonight though . 
\I'm not waiting for the one who makes me take a second look 
Headed to my favorite place to < PROPFEMALE > with my favorite guys :) 
JUST HAD THE BEST DAY EVERRRR !!!! Thanks to these guys : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Savage < PROPFIRST > Sevier < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cooper < PROPFIRST > Ferraro and < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Finished homework ( thank gosh ) , now practicing again . Had an alright day I guess . 
Attempting to find the \percent error\ " of a density of 7.994 g/cm^3 ... ugh lab is so difficult at the moment . Anyone have any ideas ? ( is frustrated ) . Best I come up with is [ 0.0800 g/cm^3 plus or minus 0.1000 g/cm^3] ? UGH ! " 
Music and homework . 
On the way to CU . Today is going to be a wonderful day I got that vibe . 
Great day . Worked on McGamut for three and a half hours . I feel very accomplished . Onto reading for english tomorrow . Busy busy . Can't wait till the weekend . Modeling on Sunday ;) Who knows what else ! 
Worked hard this week . Done with all homework heck yes . Rewarding myself by goin to Luau < PROPFIRST>'s tonight ;) 
So excited about tomorrow ( technically today lol ) , get to see the bestie . Only thing I'm not looking forward to is \starting on the essay\ " for Wednesday . " 
Actually creating another multi track . I really need and WANT to upload something epic soon . If this sore throat thing is gone tomorrow I'm going to work on it as soon as I get home ! :) 
This past week has just been awful , I feel so sorry for everyone that is sick . Please get better soon ... Ugh , I'm also stressed about Physical Science exam tomorrow . 
Can't wait to cook some champagne lobster bisque and fish tilapia later for dinner . Mmm seafood . 
All these statuses about < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Hm , I wouldn't mind having a cute < PROPFIRST > myself . Hahaha , maybe next year . :) 
Had an amazing < PROPFIRST>'s Day , thanks to all the little messages and whatnot I have received throughout the day . You know who you are , and I appreciate it very much . Just a simple \Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day\ " can make a big difference . <3 " 
Looooong day , but a good one nonetheless . 
Excited about the studio recital tomorrow , but what to wear ..... don't have many dresses . And it is rather chilly this time of year . 
Couldn't be happier , and can't wait til April ! So excited :D Life is amazing . 
Working out never felt so good . Didn't wanna leave the gym today . 
Excited about seeing Mt . < PROPFEMALE > high school's choir competition . Doing a bit of chaperoning maybe ? :) Then afterwards working out again yessss . 
Headed to the gym to work out some frustration .. mid terms are a drag . Feels like I have so much to do still . 
Singing opera at this time of hour , Mozart ... Ahh yes , I'm definitely not in a down mood anymore . 
\Absence makes the heart grow fonder . \ " I definitely believe in this quote right now . " 
Just finished recording an opera piece .. should be up tomorrow sometime . It's from Phantom of the Opera . :) Other than that , had a good day I suppose . 
Thinking about moving to a < PROPMALE > instead of Windows in order to record music ... After watching the other singers and multi trackers on Youtube I feel a bit discouraged now haha . Not to mention it will cost so much money to buy different music and video softwares like Sony Vegas Pro , but I hear that's one of the best ? 
Practicing today . Studio Recital next Wednesday .. dun dun dun ! Oh and I strongly recommend that everyone should try to come see The Mikado at Cumberland University , April 14th -16th at 7:30 , or 17th at 2:30 . You have FOUR days to choose from ( and I'm telling you way in advance hehe ) , please pick a date :D It would make me very happy indeed . There will be an event made for this . It's gonna be AWESOME ! 
I highly doubt I will be doing any multi tracking till after April 17th . I have rehearsals Mon-Thurs from 7pm till 10pm for The Mikado . Just putting that out there . 
Can't do what I want to much these days , oh wait .. that's called , \responsibilities . \"" 
Strawberry I think . 
Today is not a good day . 
I simply can't do McGamut when it comes to level 7 and up on different categories . Oh it makes me want to cry . 
I got that feeling that today is gonna be amazing . 
I absolutely loathe this bipolar weather . Spring is here , therefore it SHOULD stay . 
Sometimes I just don't feel good enough . 
I don't know why , but I love to organize . Going to town on my music . 
Ugh .. English paper to do , then McGamut baah . 
So far today has been pretty slow and down . Just one of those days . 
These past few days have been such an experience . Who was the college with the most representatives at the TMEA conference ? That's right , Cumberland University ! 
I hate feeling down randomly . Maybe tonight will cheer me up a little . 
Hey Cumberland music people ! If you're sitting at home bored , you should come help us paint the set pleasssse !! We really need help !! 
Another day , another challenge . I say bring it on . 
Singing while I organize and clean .. what else could be more productive ? Haha . :) 
So I definitely think I did a great job announcing about The Mikado in English class today .. hint hint , that means you should totally come see it this week if you are bored . And did I mention that Cumberland students are free !? :O 
Today = amazing . Well of course tonight is show night , that's why ! So excited :) 
It's strange how the smallest things can make you so upset . 
So tired , voice is gone now ( worst feeling in the world for a vocalist ) . Have to practice for juries though , as well as McGamut . Suck it up < PROPMALE > lol the end of the semester is drawing near . 
It's going to be so much fun , uploading alllll these Mikado pictures lolz . 
Just added 146 photos to The Mikado album . If you want to tag yourself , go ahead :D 
I feel .. empty now that The Mikado is over . Not going to lie . 
Today was very productive , but still so much to do ... sigh . It's difficult to be optimistic right now , but once summer is here everything will be fine . 
Che fiero costume , such a tongue twister of a song . But I can say that I can successfully sing it now without being tongue tied ! Uh , I just have to memorize it all .... There's nothing like practicing for juries . 
When your eye starts twitching badly does it mean that you're losing your mind ? lolz 
Such a long day . I hope everyone stays safe tonight ! Or should I say ... for the next 24 hours . 
I'm so fed up with it , ready for summer now . Just a few more days . 
So much to do , so little time ! That's all I have to say . Good luck to everyone else that has exams as well this upcoming week ! :) 
Stressed ... a lot . Studying like crazy . 
I'M DONE WITH MACGAMMMMUTTT !!!! I'M THE HAPPIEST PERSON IN THE WORLD ! Thank you so much < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :D 
Oh my goodness . I would have to say < PROPFIRST > Hemsworth is definitely my new heart throb . By the way , Thor was awesome ! 
Temperature of 101 , sore throat , fatigue , headaches and body aches , and some nausea . I believe I have a small case of the flu . Just great .. oh well , stuff happens . 
Happy Mother's Day ! I love you , < PROPFEMALE > Myers . I wish I wasn't sick , or else we would've gone to the zoo today . Perhaps next weekend . 
Recently found out that I made straight A's this semester in all my classes . Looks like studying and stressing really did pay off . This information definitely made my day , even though I'm getting over some sickness haha . 
Went to the doctors . Turns out I have a minor case of bronchitis , sinus infection , and an ear infection ... not to mention sinus drainage . Got two shots as well as being put on antibiotics . Thank God this hit after school was out , that's all I have to say . 
Baked two cakes today , did the dishes , vacuumed , and organized the kitchen . That's what's up . 
Multitracking a Sweet Adelines song . First attempt at a quartet piece ;) Should be up tomorrow . 
When I feel discouraged this is what I say , \Just keep singing . Just keep singing . Just keep singing singing singing . What do we do ? We sing sing . \"" 
Is ready to get out of here for a while . I love being at home don't get me wrong , but it's about time for me to go on a trip . Traveling is so much fun . 
Can I just say that I absolutely love Gemini people :) That is all , goodnight . 
In Kansas with the family . Won't be back until the 2nd . Hope everyone is having a wonderful summer break so far ! 
Wow , sun really does help remove dark circles from under the eyes . Sigh , I love summer so much . Can't wait until tonight , going out with my girls . 
Think twice before saying something hurtful behind someone's back because < PROPFEMALE > will one day come back to hurt you . Why can't people just be nice to each other ? JEEZUS ! 
Photoshoot went GREAT today . Can't wait to see them :) 
Cooking Chow Mein , yumm . And probably going to watch Spirited Away . 
Nashville Shores with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Baking a cake for < PROPFEMALE > Myers , for today is her birthday ! She is not only my mother , but my best friend as well . 
Guess who starts their job Monday ? ME YAAY ! :D Also , this is one of the cutest quotes ever : \You are a nation of PEENY-WEENY ? PIFFLING PICCOLINI PIDDLY-DIDDLY POUFT !! \ " - Happy Feet . " 
The right one will come along in time . Being alone shows how strong and independent someone can be anyways ... and besides , singing is my true love ;) 
A lot of people poke fun of Pokemon collecting . I don't think people would if they knew how much some of these old cards are worth . I was curious and looked up the most expensive card , the Pikachu Illustrator . It's for sell on Ebay for $ 100,000 . Good thing I \invested\ " in these cards when I was 8 years old ! " 
Singing the National Anthem today at 6pm for Relay for Life in Lebanon . If you're around Cumberland University you're more than welcome to come check it out ! 
Cars 2 was awesome , but I doubt most little ones understood it . That's why people rated it low . The kids needed to be around 10 to understand the storyline ... bringing a 4-5 year old isn't the best idea . Plus they kick the back of my seat . But don't get me wrong I LOVE kids lol . 
Cursing a lot on here causes bad first impressions to most ... And people complain about drama on here as well , then don't post it , therefore drama won't be an issue . ;] 
Alright sore throats = NOT COOL . Maybe it's just sinus drainage ... 
Just to let people know , I'm not getting on here very much anymore . A part of me knows that Facebook is addicting , and the things you post half of the 1000 of your \friends\ " are like \ " who cares ? \ " anyways . Oh and staring at a screen all day is not good for the eyes either . " 
I am a night person ( isn't that a musician thing ? ) , anyways ! If my sinuses are cleared up by tomorrow , I am going to upload another video , so be prepared ! :) 
Alright , I know I said I knew no one famous who had my birthday ... jk , J.K. Rowling and supposedly < PROPMALE > Potter have the same birthday ;) I now feel special . 
You will always want what you can't have . That's life . 
Oh my gosh .. I'm 18 votes away from FIRST place ! Thank you to all that has voted , really it means the world to me . You have until the 31st of this month to vote ( my birthday ! ) , so you have lots of time ... and it will only take you TWO seconds ;) Might want to rethink about attending the event perhaps ? <3 
I can't lie ... first place feels pretty darn amazing . But I wouldn't be there without all of you guys ! Thank you from the bottom of my heart ! Let's try to keep me there :D 
Working a lot these days . Not going to be on much . Thanks again for everyone voting for me by the way <3 
Only send me a friend request if you are going to actually talk to me . Not to get your friend list up . Thank you . 
Recording isn't going so great at the moment . Oh well ... working on it when I have the time . 
You know those moments where you feel so incredibly awful you feel as if you were going to throw up ? Yeah ... wow . 
Can't wait for tonight .. a night out with my girls will surely relieve some stress ;) 
Just got home from work , thanks SO much for all the Birthday wishes everyone ! I can't believe I'm 20 now .. Oh and by the way , I'm about 99.99% sure I won on Kewlr.com! And it's all thanks to everyone that has voted ! I can't thank you enough !!!!! 
Watching Karate Kid REALLY makes me want to visit < PROPFEMALE > . I wish to travel the whole world someday . I think it would be really interesting and awesome to learn all the different cultures . 
Work work work .. but I'm loving that money for college books ! You know how you wake up one day and suddenly things just click ; like responsiblity and independence ? I'm feeling that .. 
Some guy at work pronounced Epiphone like eh-pee-pooh-neh . I was like .. wow . 
I hate it when those romantic dreams end as soon as I wake up . 
Three 14 year old girls were walking around in Providence . A man jumps out of his white truck and grabs one . Luckily the girl opened the door from the other side of the truck and escaped . This goes to show you that this can happen to ANYONE ANYWHERE .. I would be careful if you're one of the young teenagers that \ < PROPFEMALE > s out\ " in Krogers parking lot late at night . Might want to < PROPFEMALE > somewhere else . " 
Ok , since I can't find a good instrumental track to \Within A Melody\ " I suppose I will have to find a new song and get back to that one in the future ... I'm going to change my variety up a bit and sing something that's currently playing on the radio . Upbeat and powerful . I've also had a few requests on one ... :) " 
I try to sing something different and branch out my genres but come to find out I'm getting bashed for it . I can't sing \pop\ " apparently . I'll stick to opera and classical from now on .... but that's not what most people like to listen to these days . FML . " 
Really would like this last weekend to be a fun one before I go back to college . But I don't know if that's going to happen . Oh and I'm about halfway through \You Raise Me Up . \"" 
Everyone has their good weeks and bad weeks . This week hasn't been the best for me so far . Oh well next week is college so hopefully that will bring me out of this slump . 
Go to your profile . \ 
Look to your left . \ 
First 7 friends are your zombie apocalypse team . \ 
\ 
Sidekick : < PROPFEMALE > Myers\ 
Heavy Weapons : < PROPFIRST > Lefler\ 
The idiot that survives : Meko Weir II\ 
Sniper : < PROPFIRST > Savage\ 
The one that loses it : < PROPFEMALE > Sexton\ 
The Brains : < PROPFIRST > Austin\ 
The First to Die : < PROPFIRST > Sevier\ 
I LOVE MY TEAM !!! :D Perfect I think . 
Ugh Burlesque .. My dream come true . Opera style ... Please God , one day . One day . 
What is wrong with me ? I'm excited about college , buying books , and meeting new people . But most of all I'm excited to see all my buddies at Trece again ! :) 
Update ! \You Raise Me Up\ " Will be uploaded tomorrow ! " 
I LOVE college Algebra when I can actually understand it . First day wasn't so bad afterall , thanks God . 
In church they talked about how < PROPMALE > was sent to rescue the people escape Pharaoh's clutches in Egypt . It reminded me of a great movie called The < PROPMALE > of Egypt I used to watch when I was a kid ( and I still watch it lol ) . If you haven't seen it , you need to watch it ! I recommend you show it to your kids because it's both very educational and since it's a cartoon they will watch it . 
90 degree weather yesterday . 60 degree weather today . TENNESSEE IS BIPOLAR ! 
I just discovered that I have a dorsal ganglion cyst in my wrist .. Great , that's why it hurts to play piano now :/ 
We will see how this < PROPFEMALE > Ball will go tonight . Perhaps I may meet a < PROPMALE > lol ! 
It's kinda hard to believe that I am going to become a Sight Singing & Ear Training tutor . I like it , a lot . :) 
Dear Evangelyna Etienne , may you rest in peace . I didn't know you too well , but I'm so glad to have met and sang with you at Carnegie Hall . You had a wonderful and beautiful gift from God , and still have that gift .. so now you may join the choir of angels in heaven . We all love and miss you . 
Biology test tomorrow . Music History quiz tomorrow . Algebra test Wednesday , and Studio 2 Recital Friday . The pressure is ON . 
Listening to Mozart while studying for my Algebra test tomorrow , and I'm proud of it . 
I just discovered that I can eat Nutella straight from the jar .. crap . I have been corrupted ! 
Watching the new < PROPMALE > Dunham show on Comedy . I'm so excited ! And he's lost a lot of weight , looking good ! 
Really really upset . Just got my Choir Geeks of the World Unite shirt that I was so excited about ... and it's way too small . The sizes run very < PROPFEMALE > , just saying because I ordered a medium . Heck might as well go with an XL , FML . Sending it back ... 
Some of you have teased me about me saying it's cold in 50 degree weather .. you want to know why ? I've realized that I have some sort of case of Cold Urticaria . It's where someone is literally allergic to the cold , whaddya know .. 
There are times when you just feel like giving up . That's when you push yourself even harder to overcome it . I'm going through it right now as we speak , so you're not alone . 
I love getting shots from the doctor , the beginning of another sinus infection . Hopefully that will knock it out along with antibiotics .. today was the first day I've missed choir in two years . And I will never have a dog/cat unless my future husband has to have one , then he will take care of it . 
After today's events I really think I have taken another step into reality in becoming what I want to be in the future . That including responsibility and accountability . 
