I'm leaving work and nothings goin on ! What's up everybody . 

So cold ... instant booger freeze . 
facebook is confusing ... don't know how to do shit ... got time to figure it out though , since I'm a fucking GIMP !! lol 
So ... this is what's been goin on with me and why I been m.i.a for the past two months . People keep askin , so bear with me . So the day before thanksgiving at work I stepped on a fork that was stuck in a drain and it went through my shoe , into my foot and hit the bone . Random as fuck , I know . But within a week it was completely septic and I had to have surgery . 
I was in the hospital for a week and for the past 7 weeks I been on crutches and doin antibiotic through a picc line 3 times a day . A picc line is a needleless i.v. they implant in your arm that goes through the vein into your chest cavity . So I pretty much been stuck in the house relegated to couch duty . But I should be gettin better in a few weeks , get the iv out next week and should be more mobile soon . 
uld be gettin better soon , on the 26th I get my picc line out , and I'ma be startin physical therapy soon , so on the 26th I\m gonna wanna ccelbrate . that's what's up . sorry so long . and yes I gave in and made a facebook . Suck it ... I'm bored . :P " 
they told me of substance and form ; they told me of shape and essence , they told me of color , that it was an illusion of the eye , an event in the perceivers mind , not in the object ; they told me that color had no reality ; indeed , they told me that color did not inhere in a physical body any more than pain was in a needle . 
Went to the doc today , my usual Tuesday appointment . Found out I probably gotta keep this damn picc line in for two more weeks longer than expected . I'm walking a little bit though , and can wear a shoe now if I need to . haha If it'll fit . :P Can't wait to be back to normal . 
Stressed about the move ... hoping it works out ... listening to bat for lashes . love this band . 
Hey everybody , so I'm planning on moving to chicago , but I'm in a bind . Renting a moving truck is like 1500 bucks and I could always just sell everything besides essentials and just go , but I have a whole house full of shit that I'd rather keep . Any advice , anybody know any movers , own a moving truck , I need to get my shit to chicago . lol 
Mass Effect 2 has taken over my life ... I think I'm addicted to videogames ... call intervention . 
It's Doppelganger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status ! 
Just beat Mass Effect 2 ... sad day . Finished both books I was reading too . I need to get back to work . :P 
hey , just so everybody knows ; having a moving sale this weekend , Saturday and Sunday during the day if anybody wants to buy anything , couches , bookshelves , appliances , tables , knick knacks , shoes .... bunch o shit . 
hey , we're gonna be having a party at our place on friday night for my going away , it's gonna be byob , we ain't getting no kegs this time . Anytime after 8 or 9 , ya'll know the drill . Holla . 
holy fuck , is there not a cheap way to ship 12 boxes ? It's only 12 boxes , why is that a grand . So frustrated ! 
thanks to everybody who came to my going away party last night . I'll miss so many of you tremendously . Holla to Buca and Magg Crews . I love you wolff , but fuck all for making me cry . :P < PROPFIRST > , you're the most beautiful boy in the world , < PROPMALE > , just cause you beat me in beer pong doesn't mean you're better . Everybody come visit me . Everybody who didn't come or even text a goodbye : take care and fuck off . 
In Chicago now , completely stoked , my place is amazing , but it's fucking freezing and smokes are 10 bucks a pack !!!!! 
I'm going through videogame withdrawal . When are my boxes coming ??? 
My boxes came , just missing one , it has my ps2 and ps3 in it , they said it'll come later . I effin hope so . I have so much shit and no where to put it though . No , furniture or bookshelves or nothin yet . haha 
Dunno why Chels has it on her I-tunes , but I'm listening o Nsync . haha I actually love Gone and Girlfriend and I know every word , geez , I'm a queer . 
Duh , Dicky . He's still one of my faves . listen to him all the time . 
Brown skin , you know I love your brown skin , I can't tell where yours begins ... I can't tell where mine ends . 
So if I apply for unemployment , do I need to do it through cali cause that's where I worked last or through Illinois cause that's where I live now ?... 
Dear Facebook ... chelsea hates you . 
If I walked around chicago in my ninja boots , think people would notice ? Hmm .... 
Why has my tax return not come yet , filed that shit four weeks ago , brotha is broke ! 
CRAZY ! Chels and I are on the porch smoking last night at 1 a.m. and see a fire in the living room of a house 3 down , so we walk over and realize it's just a reflection of a CAR thats on fire a few houses down . haha I called 911 . So random , love chicago . 
Just got tickets to go see my man < PROPFIRST > Nozuka on the 5th . So stoked !!! 
haha just tried to put my relationship status as a complicated relationship with Jesus , didn't work . haha Guess he needs to make a facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 
We all knew < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was queer , took him long enough to say it . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Nozukas new c.d. , went and saw his show last night too . [ sigh ] love him . Hope the shows awesome for you too , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Worked from 10 am til 9 pm today and had a three hour break in between shifts , so f'in lame and only made 90 bucks . And have to get up tomorrow to work from 11 am to 11 pm . I'm tired . Dear Buca , I fuckin hate you . 
I search your profile for a translation , study the conversation like a map , I know there is strength in the differences between us , I know there is comfort where we overlap . Come here , stand in front of the light , stand still , so i can see your silhouette . Cause I'm not done looking yet . I don't know you that well , but it don't take much to tell , either you don't have the balls or you don't feel the same . 
Finally got my boxes of books and sketch pads ... only took 6 weeks . I hate the USPS ! Yay for my books though . 
is missing his friends ... 
Existing moment to moment in episodic bliss , \ 
I want arms and lips , yours , consistently . \ 
Cloud nine ain't got nothin on this , \ 
need a higher state for equivocation . \ 
Trading in hand grenade hearts \ 
for poesies and sonnets . \ 
I forgot how good it felt to feel this good . 
yeesh , 12 and a half hours at buca today , made some loot , but shoot me in the neck please . 
Is it bad if you get acrylic paint in your eye ? 
Has anyone seen Mulholland Drive and if so did you like it or dislike it ??? 
Damn , My Sisters Keeper . Just spent the last two hours crying and eating chinese watching this damned movie based on a crappy book . haha Damn you < PROPFEMALE > Picoult . :P 
Listening to the Deftones adrenaline album . Been a while . Love this c.d. !! 
What do you need a fake i.d. for ? Answer : To vote . haha Love the breakfast club . 
Day two of no smoking , slipped up and smoked 1 and a half yesterday . Goin strong today . 
I just spent the last hour watchin this kid < PROPFIRST > jumbas videos on you tube , funny as hell and totally cute . haha I'm such a dork . 
Off to work . Grr . Day 3 off not smoking . 
Almost done with day number eight of quitting smoking , gonna go the bar though ... no relapsing !! 
End of day 11 of no smoking . And yesterday I didn't even wear a patch , ( couldn't ' cause I sweated it off , but hey , that counts . ) 
Since I'm quitting smoking I can't sleep . It's 3 and I have to get up at 8:30 for work . Damn , want this feeling to go away . Stayin positive though . 
Grr . It's almost 10 in the morning and I've slept for only 2 hours . It's officially week 2 of no smoking though . Wish peeps were awake right now . 
is having a really shitty day . 
just wants to be adored ... 
Feeling pretty good today , ate breakfast , did my run , less than a mile but doin it everyday without stopping . Cigarette cravings at a minimum . Gotta keep it up . 
Okay ... watchin that show smarter than a fifth grader . I guess swum is a word ... pas t-t ense of swim . Hmmm ... thought it was swam . Guess I'm not smarter than a fifth grader . haha 
Over this fuckin Chicago weather . Stop raining and screw you tornado watch . I wanna go outside . Can it please be summer soon . 
Worst 36 hours of my life . Why do I screw everything up , why do I let myself get hurt . God , just wanna smoke and sleep for a week . 
is hoping for the best . 
La roux's about to perform on < PROPFEMALE > . 
Gonna watch So you think you can dance tonight , then go dancing , cause I know I can . haha 
The routine with Ade and < PROPFIRST > dancing to < PROPFEMALE > and the Machines was AMAZING !!! I love you so you think you can dance . 
OH MY GOD !! < PROPFIRST > ( my bf ) and Twitch just tore it up with the dopest hip-hop routine I've ever seen !!!!! SYTYCD was amazing tonight . 
Ugh , drinking until 6 a.m. So hungover ... so worth it though . 
Holy mother of white jebus ! Biggest ninja bug I've ever f'in seen just ran across my foot in my bathroom when I was brushing my teeth !!! Holy shit balls . Raid was no match for it ... got away . :( 
Hates not knowing where he stands ! Wish I didn't work tonight . Happy 4th everybody , have fun and take a cab ! :P 
Ugh , so hungover , was up late enough to get McDonalds breakfast , slept for 3 hours and it's so hot I'm covered in sweat just sitting here . I'm getting an air conditioner today !!! 
Just got home from Targay ; bought an air conditioner !!, new mop , and two more pillows . Gonna sleep like a fuckin baby tonight . Now time to install it and clean my house ! :P 
Holy shit balls ! AC in my room is amazing . How did I go my whole life with out air conditioning . Fuck growing up white trash , get yourself some AC !!! 
goin to the beach ... goin to the beach ... goin to the beach . 
Sigh , I miss cali . Got a bunch of texts and reading all these posts on here about the earthquake ... :P 
We are having a serious fly problem in my house , and they're everywhere outside . I dunno what to do , although I have attained ninja status as a fly killer . there was one on my bathroom wall like 12 feet high and I whipped a flip-flop at it and killed that bitch . 
Hmmm .... stay in play videogames and read , alone , or go out and go dancing .... Think I'ma go dancing . :P 
Smoking my last cigarette AGAIN . Quit for almost 4 weeks , relapsed , and starting over again ... stciking to the patches this time . Wish me luck . 
Had a crack fiend moment : I'm qutting smoking again today , hence my last post , well , I decided to smoke the butts out of my ashtray as a last hurray and BURNED my facial hair with the damn crack lighter lighting a butt . Guess I'm trimmin down the beard . HAHA 
Sometimes your nearness takes my breath away ; and all the things I want to say can find no voice . Then , in silence , I can only hope my eyes will speak my heart . \ " , 201 0-0 7-11 19:54:28 " 
I've read an innumerable amount of books , but there are not many that have genuinely affected me . I just finished East of < PROPFEMALE > by Steinbeck and it's such an amazing book that I want to tell everyone to read it . I've read of mice and men , but none of his other work . East of < PROPFEMALE > is incredible . Gonna read all his other books now . 
Grr ... Cannot sleep . Abs hurt from doing crunches , if I eat anymore I'm gonna hurl , finished my book and don't wanna get sucked into a new one at 6 a.m. Man , I want to smoke . No ! No relapses this time . Anyone have an ambien ?? :P 
Why does everyone keep sending me event invitations from California and Detroit . Don't live in those places anymore . So quit it . thanks . 
Grrr ... can't sleep , don't think it's gonna happen tonight . Wrote a lot though , always a good thing , but seems like an act of futility ... 
think I'm getting a bike finally today . Holla ! A red < PROPMALE > 10 speed roadbike , used but in great condition . pickin it up at 6:30 . Hopefully not a scam or somethin . let ya'll know . 
Just got home from purchasing my bike . It's rad . Great condition , so stoked ! I'll prob post a pic of it . haha Gotta name him first . :P 
Can I just say , I rode my back to and from boystown and on the way back I went balls to the walls , hard as I coud , goin at least 25 keepin up with the cars . I haven't felt that liberated since running cross country in school . It's akin to dancing . downside , I'm so sweaty I'm soaked . Damn , my being a sweaty italian . 
Goin to the beach . goin to the beach . ( singsong ) 
just rode my bike from my house to hollywood beach ( gay beach ) < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > , her mom and some friends . Then on the way back took LSD all the way to North , North to Milwaukee , then home . Without stopping once . I feel like I used to from a runners high . Now making dinner , then karaoke . Great day . 
Karaoke time ! 
\Relationship is understanding . It's a process of self-revelation . Relationship is the mirror in which you discover yourself-to be is to be related . \ " \ " Understanding oneself happens through a process of relationships and not through isolation . \"" 
Wish I was back in Cali so I could go to comic con . :P 
The Walking Dead tv series is official !!!! Thank you G4 for Comic con coverage . :P 
So over this weather . Raining all the damn time . Was gonna go out tonight , got off early , and it's raining . Better be nice tomorrow , I wanna go to the beach ! 
The good : got a brand spanking new fridge . Nice . The bad : Have to work my on call shift tonight when I had plans cause it's national fucking lasagna day and bucas givin out free lasagna . Devil !! 
Why is my life so crazy . So I often take a cab to the blue line after work cause its 6 bucks and saves me from having to wait for two trains . I did so tonight . I'm in the back of the cab driving down Grand when another cab runs a red and t-bones us . What the shit . Had to make a report and everything . So the story of my life . 
Oh my jebus !! Ride my bike to McDonalds !! ! 
Such an exhausting weekend . Worked 30 hours in three days , went out too much , drank a lot , and extensive bike riding . Feel pretty good though . Trying to stay optimistic about certain things . Made a shit ton of money though . haha 
Damn , running my errands and haircut took way longer than I thought , now I can't eat or I'll be late for work . P.s. Haven't seen my roommate in 3 and a half days !! WTH . 
Ewww . Was just starting breakfast , ( well lunch ) and cracked open an egg and it was all BLOODY with a little nugget of chicken embryo . Fuckin nasty ! 
Just got two new tattoos . Pics to be posted later . :P 
Really happy , gay marriage ban is overturned in Cali . Congrats for us , guys . ( and gals ) :P 
Grr . 7:30 . Can't sleep , haven't slept . Wish I could turn off my brain . I'm on call at 10:30 too . Hope to Jebus I don't have to go in . Wish life had a rewind button . 
the hardest thing to do is let go of someone that you love . I'm so tired of life lessons . Gonna < PROPMALE > up though , and enjoy the weekend . Lollapalooza and Market days . 
On my way to Lollapalooza . Slept in , running late , missed Metric . Damn . Gonna make it to see Dragonette though . 
Highlights of the day : Metric was amazing . Love em before , love em more now . Worth the 90 bucks . Went out after and had fun with a friend , laughed more than I have in weeks . Certain irony around it too . Time for videogames and chocolate . Got my new flat screen , 1080p today . woo-hoo ! 
Holy jebus , this weekend kicked my ass . Don't wanna work tonight . Was worth it though . 
Can't sleep , can't stop thinking , over-tired . Didn't know I was capable of missing someone this much ... 
Should I stay in with chinese and videogames tonight , or go out . I'm exhausted , but hate staying in . Tried it last night and ended up unable to sleep , thinking too much and bored ... 
go on one date with a guy , tell him you're not interested in pursuing anything and he texts me constantly , now today shows up at my job ... hmmm . 
Chinese food here in t-minus 15 minutes . Yay . thanks Grub Hub . 
< PROPFEMALE > castles and rusko tonight . so stoked . 
Shit was BANANAS !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Castles was insane and rusko was sick . I'm so wet from sweating and having bottles of water dumped on my head that my fingers are pruny ! So much fun !!!! 
Off to work ... don't wanna go . I'm sore from dancing and don't feel like placating strangers . Wish I was a trust fund kid ... or had a sugar daddy . :P 
don't wanna work today , someone call in a bomb threat for me . :P 
Was at work for all of 15 minutes and got cut . Yay . work a double tomorrow though . :( I'm so tired it's unbelievable . Think I'm gonna rearrange my room and make dinner though . 
There is a house built out of stone , wooden floors , walls and window sills ... Tables and chairs worn by all of the dust ... This is a place where I don't feel alone , this is a place where I feel at home ... Cause , I built a home for you , for me , until it disappeared from ? you , from me . And now , it's time to leave and turn to dust ... 
Damn it , got drunk as hell and left my bike in boystown . Hope < PROPMALE > doesn't get stolen . Damn you , gin . Damn you ! 
Holy hangover batman . 
So , think my phone is officially dead . Only have 6 more weeks till my plan is up and I get a free one . Damn it ! Don't have the money for a new one !! 
Busted out my old phone from circa 2007 . works , but have to get a charger , so anyone who's number I got in the past 3 and a half years , not in my phone anymore , sorry . 
So I just went to 2 at&t stores and called 2 others , noone carries a charger for my old sony erickson phone , and my lg died on me , plus my renewal is up in 6 weeks so I get any phone for mad cheap , so I'm not going to buy a new one now ... I may be without a phone for a while if noone carries this damn charger !!! 
So , got a charger , phone is now operational . 3 days with no phone sucked ! But since it died and I'm using my old one , anyone whose number I got in the past 2 years I DON'T HAVE , so message it to me on here if you're so inclined . 
Me and a bottle of good chardonnay . Drink away my sorrows ... 
Time to go dancing !!! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at the Boom this week ~ 
So hungover . On call tonight for work . I'm broke but hope they don't need me . Want to just veg out and play videogames . :P 
Yay ! Don't have to work tonight ! time to go buy a bunch of food and veg out ! 
ugh . i hate it when you have a dream about a situation or a person and it feels great , then you wake up sad and disappointed realizing it was just a dream . also , my keyboard isnt working for some reason , using onsreen keyboard . way to start the day . 
so , I have really high ceilings in my room , and because they're < PROPFIRST > , I figured I would stand on a chair and mop them . Well , I fell off the chair and hit my side on my desk on my way to the floor ... Holy bruised rib and side . haha yes , this just happened . 
off to north coast : day 1 ! 
north coast day 1 highlights : pretty lights ; awesome , chemical brothers rocked it . day 2 : midnight conspiracy , boys noize killed it ! and moby . now off to the hideout . tomorrow , < PROPMALE > benassi , green < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > fiasco , nas and disco biscuit . anyone have a redbull ? whomp whomp ! :P 
day 3 highlights : flying lotus was good , green < PROPFEMALE > ; shake n pop !, and < PROPFIRST > fiasco fuckin rocked it . oh , and chels goin with me . p.s. disco biscuit sucks . was like discoey , vidogame , elevator music . 
so stoked ; bought a new videogame today , red dead redemption . havent got a new game since march . it's officially fall , dont need to be goin out every night now . :P 
ugh . feel like i got hit by a truck . holy hangover . met people from detroit last night and they kept buyin me shots all night . oh , alcohol , i hate you . 
we , everyday , need to be thankful for our lives and for the people we have in it . we never know when we'll lose the opportunity to be close , or closer , to eachother , to share our joys , to have fun , to appreciate our moment to moment , to say i love you . r.i.p. < PROPMALE > . 
i know the vma's is just pop culture fodder , but i hope broken bells gets best new artist . i could tolerate < PROPFEMALE > minaj winning , but barely . 
< PROPFEMALE > on the vmas , how i love you !!! 
wanna go out now , what's there to do on a suday night ?... 
love how erbody is texting me to say it's the hottest day ever recorded in so cal and it's cold here . bitches ... maybe time to move back west ... 
damn , was on-call tonite , but don't need me ... actually wanted to work , brotha is broke , now what am i gonna do ... 
never knew a single person could make me feel so shitty about myself ... i feel horrible . can someone tell me i'm pretty or somethin ? :( lol 
just got hit on at the mcdonalds walk-up by some white cracker hipster with a blonde pedophile moustache and penny-rolled jeans . Is it 1991 , M.C. Hammer ? piss off , hipster before I strangle you with your own suspenders . sigh ... feel better . 
fuck you , < PROPFIRST > Yip . I don't care that you're hot , the wings had that ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is performing on < PROPFEMALE > in 20 minutes ! 
feel like shit today ... think something died in my stomach . 
deadmau5 is playing right now at the congress , 2 blocks from my house , and tickets were already sold out when i tried to buy it on monday ... so bummed . 
so ... possible halloween costumes ; dead hipster who died in an ironic way , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , or < PROPFIRST > mays , the oxy clean guy ??? or any suggestions ? 
hurt my gimp foot at work tonite , so it's all swollen and killing me , back to limping . well , 20 minutes ago i stubbed it on my desk . almost cried ... for real . still throbbing . can't believe i'm still dealing with this bs after a year . anyone have a vikey ? 
WALKING DEAD !!! 
finally got netflix on my ps3 . shit is amazing ! 
Just got my new iPhone , so stoked . My first post . Holla ! 
On my way to the cvs walk in center to get an antibiotic , gonna cost me like a hundred bucks . Boooo ! But I'm sick . 
Have to go to work . Still sick and don't wanna , but I'm broke . Grrr . 
Holy shit balls . Just swallowed the ball to my tongue ring . Hmm . Wonder if that's bad . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4words what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . Fair is fair ... Play along ! 
Just so everybody knows , tomorrows my birthday , not sure what I'm doin before , but will be headin up to Berlin like 12- 12:30 ish , so hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > or go out . Word . 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays and texts guys . Love y'all and wish you were in chi-town . The deal tonight , beauty bar til 12ish then Berlin , come out ! 
Ugh . 10 a.m. and on my way to work a double ... Need a cup of coffee and a semi automatic handgun . 
9 hours later ... still at Buca . How is this my life ! And where's that handgun ? 
thinkin i shoulda got a 32G iphone instead of the 16 ... there's no way i can put all my music on it .... 
Oh my jebus ! It snowed and I missed it . Theres snow on the ground downtown . 
to go to berlin .. or not to go ? i do have fable 3 . 
Oh my stars , it's cold ! First snow fall today . Kinda diggin it . 
Worst holiday season < PROPFEMALE > r ... alone in chicago for Christmas , dad has a stroke , and I have a stomach flu , puking all day . Called into work two days in a row ... work on new years < PROPFEMALE > and new years day ... sigh ... 
Anyone else into martial arts movies , you need to watch Ninja Assassin ; it's the shit !! 
Combo of having stomach flu and takin Tylenol nighttime flu medicine ; sleeping for 13 hours straight . Had some crazy dreams too . 
What's everyone doin for new years ? No solid plans . Two shows of two of my fav bands that night , but both sold out ... and I do work ... lame . 
So stoked , finally got my bike !! It's been stuck outside at the end of my street for 6 weeks with the lock frozen . Finally warm enough for the water inside the u-bar to melt ... now has rust spots and need to replace my grip tape and maybe the chain tho . :( 
Happy new year everybody . Workin tonight . Boooo ! Resolutions ; quit smoking , join a gym , no more casual sex . Lol 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx6FRSemW38&feature=youtube_gdata_player . Funniest shit ever ! 
Round 2 : no smoking . Day 3 : threw up in the morning , cried in the shower , really bad hand shaking . But I can do this ! Haha 
Just watched 1 guy 1 cup . Have y'all watched that ish ? Insanely crazy and effed up . 
Jesus , wanna buy a pack o smokes ! 
Aw , jebus . Just ate a whole medium pizza ... 8 pieces . Feel great . Won't later . Haha 
Ugh . Dont think I'm sleeping tonight ; been laying here for hours . Gotta be up in 3 . What's the point , make some coffee I guess . 
Death would be preferable . 
At the clinic getting tested , bored outta my mind , negative by the way ... but some girl just got a pos result . She's sobbing in the office , Yeesh . And why do guys have to be creepers here too . You're sitting in the chair next to me for and hour just staring . So weird . 
Damn . Snowpocalypse 2011 and our power just went out . Maybe I should go out . Haha 
Hey everybody . Come in to Buca di Beppo to see us . We are open ! Pizza and pasta bitches ! Rush and grand . 
Ugh . Hangovers suck . 
Song of < PROPMALE > 8:6 \ 
Place me like a seal over your heart , like a seal on your arm ; for love is as strong as death , its jealousy unyielding as the grave . It burns like blazing fire , like a mighty flame . 
Ugh . Almost 9 and I can't sleep . Out of smokes too ... 
Beards coming off today . He's taking a two week hiatus . :P 
I look so weird without my beard !! It's like my face is inappropriately naked . Put on some pants face !!!! 
Damn . I shoulda been a dancer ... 
On my way to work after only 1.5 hours of sleep . Shoot me now . I'm either gonna pass out or hurl . 
I cut off my rat tail ... I was so attached to it , was getting too mullety though . :P 
Okay ... gagas new song sucks . And it kinda sounds like express yourself . Hmm ... 
I am outside , in Chicago , just wearing a hoodie !! Please stay like this . I NEED winter to be over . 
So , the two singers I follow obsessively on YouTube , < PROPFIRST > Choi and < PROPFEMALE > Grannis , are both coming to town in the next 2 months . Check em out on YouTube and let me know if you wanna go with me . Cheap tickets ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dXw49oRr0g&feature=youtube_gdata_player\ 
\ 
Still my fav crew ever ! 
Man , just got the red rings of death on my 360 . Turned it on and off a few times ... and it's working again . Scared now . :P I'm on my 3rd one already . 
4 a.m. Watching akira , eating pb and j's , missing the most beautiful person I've ever known .... 
Been in Chicago for a year today ... doesn't seem that long . But this is my year , gonna make it so . 
Woke up today with Strept . Damn it . Can't even swallow , can barely talk . Was fine yesterday . I have antibiotics though . 
Anyone else into martial arts movies ?... watch ip man . It's really good . I loved it . 
My fuckin bike got stolen in boys town . FUCK !!! That bike was my baby . His name was < PROPMALE > . R.I.P. :( 
God , just got home from the bar and trippin on the fact that my bike got stolen . Petty . My prayers go out to japan and the friends I have there . And also every one I know in cali and the pacific area in general . God bless . 
6:30 in the a.m in a cab home . Sigh . Too old for this . But , happy birthday , < PROPFIRST > . :P 
Hey ! All my lady friends ? Y'all know what the diva cup is ? Heavy flow anyone ? 
So I never post shit complaining about work , but tonight I had a two top come in 15 minutes before close and keep me on for over an hour after close and they leave me 5 on 60 . Hope your girlfriend gives you the clap fuck wad ! 
Getting a new tattoo . Pic to follow . Word . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IHFVn0sv14&feature=youtube_gdata_player\ 
One of my favorite songs of all time . 
Thinking about cutting my hair short again ... advice ? 
Goin to chances then boom boom room tonight with the roomie . Come out y'all . 
Ugh . Sick again . Knew it was coming on the past few days . Like my 6th time being sick this winter , almost over ... have a new Vid game to play , nyquil and cough drops though . 
Miss you more than words could articulate . How can one express a feeling of home without using the word . Four letters ... like love . I miss you . 
I smoke and I drink , and every time I blink I have a < PROPFEMALE > dream . And as bad as I am , I'm proud of the fact that I'm worse than I seem ... 
Headphones on , < PROPFIRST > Sparro , spring cleaning ... 
Tonights plan after work ; quick karaoke at spin then Berlin . Word . Hit a brother up . 
Okay , okay , new joke ; what do homo's and cardinals fans have in common ? They both love pujols ! Haha 
Just got to work in the same clothes I left here wearing 15 hours ago . Haha Was a good night though . Word . 
Why are none of the usuals at chances ? Where is erbody ? Goin to jackhammer . 
lost my fuckin iphone 4 in a cab on the way home from the bar tonight . not insured ! dont know what to do ! in a total panic ! 
Got my phone back !!!! So crazy . So lucky . Seems like a dream , probably cause I'm half asleep . thank you Jesus , thank you < PROPFIRST > ! and thank you nice cabbie . Good night ... Or more aptly ; good morning ! 
Goin downtown for a bit , stopping at work , h & m , food , home , then going to the < PROPFIRST > Choi show at subterranean . Flying solo if anyone wants to tag along . word . 
Wings and hawks game right now . B.S. Pick it up . This is why I hate watching the games , just frustrates me . 
Grr . 80 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > ! And I'm stuck at work , hungover . Hate my life . Should be at the beach . 
Just beat Dragon Age 2 and the song playing during the credits is < PROPFEMALE > + the machine . Awesome . 
I hate when people stand on escalators , stand on the right , walk on the left you daft twat before I move you . I'm running late and want potbelly . 
Walkin down the street singing < PROPFIRST > J and hit a note so high my left ear popped . Damn , I'm queer . 
Everybody who's coming over tonight . Hit me up on here cause my phone isn't getting service but my facebook and email is working . Holla !! 
Holy hangover ! Had fun last night though , hope everyone made it home safe . Oh and the puke in the kitchen and the puddle of urine in the bathroom .... Don't worry , I got that . Haha 
Happy Easter everybody . I'm working , but remember ; Jesus was the first zombie , give the man some credit . 
So ... playing words and my opponent played the word sahuaro . You kidding me ? That's a place . Grrr . On a triple word and making another word plural . I swear bitches cheat on that . Why am I so competitive with unimportant shit . 
Man ! So much puke all over this train car . Fuck balls ! 
I don't deserve something so amazing ... goodnight . 
In honor of mothers day people are changing default pictures to they mamas . I did , you should too . Miss you , Mom ( < PROPFIRST > ) 1954-1998 . 
I'm completely losing it ... 
Aw , man . Beyond hungover and have to go to work . Not diggin this at all . Happy mothers day . Sigh . 
Seriously the worst 24 hours I've had in remembrance . Emotionally and physically drained . Had the worst night at work , my last table was the worst I've EVER had . So bad a gypsy cunt at the table said she doesn't want me back in the room . Smoking in the back and crying . Yes I'm a pussy , happy fuckin mothers day ! 
Walking to work , overcast , but actually smells like spring ... lilacs . My favorite . Reminds me of my mama . 
Come dance with me at boom boom on the run , north and damen , secret password is pink panties . I'll buy you a drink . Holla . 
Holy hail . Love it ; the noise , smell . Love it when it's hot and it storms . Wish I had someone to play in it with . 
Cutesy Korean guy at Starbucks on 6 corner ... Wearing yellow crocs . Jebus . 
Dear wicker park hipster , please refrain from wearing cut-off < PROPFIRST > short shorts with boots ... unless you're a stripper . Sincerely , guy distracted while trying to read . 
Wings game 7 . Let's go Detroit ! Clap , clap , clap clap clap . 
Damn it . That was a game though . 
Music at Berlin is sick . Electro and disco ! Word . 
Sometimes something just feels so right . Happy Jesus day . Weather sucks , but who cares . Not me . :) 
Myself , < PROPFEMALE > and D are hitting up evil < PROPFEMALE > tonight if anyone wants to join . < PROPFEMALE > shop . Word . 
Fuck balls !!!! It's gone . Where'd it go !!!! 
Just watched kick ass ... seriously made it into my top 10 . Such an incredibly awesome movie . 
Trimmed my beard down . Getting hot . It feels weird though . Went from a 4 to a 2 on the clippers . :P 
Gonna go cut a rug at boom boom on the run at ohm in wicker . Got the itch ? Come dance with me . 
I'm so devastated that I didn't go to adeles show . Loved her for 4 years . And all these homos who just found her bought out all the tickets . Grr . So jealous . 
Has anyone seen the documentary Transcendent Man ? I really want to see it . 
Love < PROPMALE > Degraw's new song ! 
New season of so you think you can dance starts now . Super stoked . 
< PROPMALE>'s audition was sick !! I'm in love ! Is anyone else watching SYTYCD ?? 
Creep was amazing tonight at Berlin . If you werent there you missed out . Getting Mexican at lazo's then goin home to rewatch SYTYCD . Word . 
So ... last night at evil < PROPFEMALE > I'm dancing to rolling in the deep with < PROPFIRST > and slipped on the wet floor and totally face planted . Was bleeding from the mouth . So embarrassing , recovered like a ninja . Got drunk after . My face hurts today though . Ow ... 
Goin dancing at boom boom at ohm , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Come dance with me . 
Shit !! It's hotter than balls on this train ! I'm sweating like a heifer . 
Ugh . Can't sleep and it's 7 a.m. Slept for maybe an hour and now I'm hungry . sigh . 
Off work at 8 on a Saturday ! What's up tonight mo frackers ?? 
On the train and some random cholo just smiled and blew me a kiss from outside the train . Haha 
G4 and spike t.v. , so much E3 coverage . So stoked !!! Wish I was there . 
Also , free iron and wine show in the park and I have to work . Boooo ! 
Holy E3 ! So many amazing games coming out in the next year and it's only day 1 . Mass effect 3 , new fable completely utilizing the kinect , gears 3 , new tomb raider , < PROPFEMALE > wars old republic , infamous 2 , even the new call of duty looks sick . Such a nerd boner ! 
I may be slightly promiscuous , and seemingly indifferent at times , but I am always genuine and honest with men , why are other men so disingenuous and disappointing . Get a fucking clue . 
This season of SYTYCD is gonna be beast ! My two guys are tadd and < PROPMALE > , I'd gladly marry either , my two girls are < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Eating deep dish pepperoni and pineapple and watching how to train your dragon . Such a dork . :P 
SYTYCD tonight . Marko and Jordans routine was phenomenal . So amazing . Actually made me tear up . 
< PROPMALE>'s room is such a great movie . Haven't seen it in years ... 
What goin on tonight ?? Somebody throw out some ideas . 
So stoked . Buying a new bike tonight !! Pic to follow . 
Been a deadboy and black keys day ... All day . 
Yo , what's everybody doing tonight . Hit me up ! 
Holy mother of god !!!! Crazy hail !!!!! 
Anybody wanna come dance with me ? Come to boom boom room at ohm . Happy 4th mo frackers . 
Beach anyone ??? Wanna bike there ... 
Biking up to Hollywood beach if anyone wants to join , staying till 3:30 . Word . 
Just got off work and I'm tired as hell from last night , but I have to get up in 6.5 hours to audition for the voice . Wish me luck . 
Existing in a world of grave stones ; a realm of unending memorial contemplation . I wish for an end as well . It's too much . I miss you . 
Just finished watching legend . One of my childhood favorites . Anyone else who's seen it ; oona reminds me of < PROPFEMALE > , kinda random , beach tomorrow . Noon at Hollywood ... Word . 
It is raining so incredibly hard . I love it . Perfect temperature for it . I leisurely walked the five blocks home from the train . My favorite weather , unless i actually was going out tonight . :P 
No phone for a few days . hit me up on here . Hate not having a phone , makes me feel all panic-like . :P 
Ugh . So incredibly hungover . Didn't even plan on goin out last night . What happened . :P 
Drunk and watching Go . Man , sometimes I miss my rave days . Anyone wanna do some E , go dancing all night and sell fake pills to < PROPFEMALE > ravers from Toledo ? Haha man , miss you 1997 . 
So ... two months ago my 360 died , my third to do so in fact , and it costs 120 bucks to fix . Well , just now I'm streaming full metal alchemist on Netflix and my Ps3 dies on me . Are you fucking kidding me ! No videogame system !!!!!! I'm gonna have to buy a new ps3 . Fml . 
Think I'm gonna get a drink at Spin , not really my scene , but they're a dollar . Have a toothache , need to catch a buzz . Anyone game ... 
So , Chicago friends . I need to find a dentist to go to , but don't have insurance so I need to be able to set up a payment plan . Anybody help a brother out ? 
Oh my God . Has anyone else seen the show my strange addiction ? It's amazing . But the new episode is about a woman who carries around her husbands ashes , everywhere . And she has begun to eat them . Oh my stars . Bat shit crazy ! 
Can I be good enough for someone ?? 
Why does the most beautiful man have to live 2000 < PROPMALE > away ? Relegated to Skype . Hopefully we visit again soon . :P 
Feel like I'm 17 again . Kinda gross . Tell yall why tomorrow . Let me just say , dumb kids with nitrous . Hahaha 
I am so incredibly bored ... with everything and everyone . I'm be more content with masturbation and a good book . Grrr . 
1 hour of sleep . Causes ; insomnia , YouTube , and severe abdominal cramping possibly due to questionable Chinese food or the death of something in my stomach . Almost shat myself walking to get smokes . Called off work . 
Oh my stars . They now have every episode of Felicity streaming on Netflix . Amazing ! 
Keep having this bizarre recurring nightmare . Had it all night , and earlier this week . That doesn't ever happen with me . I'll put the nightmare in a note on here , it's effin weird . 
Umm , stop talking about < PROPMALE > Quinto coming out . We all knew . He dated my friends friend in cali . Was already known . 
My friends from Detroit and I are goin out in wicker , prob flat iron , then hitting up boystown if anybody wants to meet up . Their last night here . Word . 
Kinda sad when the only person at this bar I would sleep with is a Korean butch lesbian ... ugh , should gone to boystown or that house party . 
Stomach flu and Netflix equals me watching the last airbender movie ; it's my favorite tv show and yes I'll be disappointed as well as angry at the ethnicity of the cast , but I'm curious . 
Did anyone see that show the colony on discovery channel . Pretty intense . 
If anyone wants to get me a birthday gift . I want SKYRIM for the ps3 . Thank you . :) 
Reminder ; my birthday party is tonight . Word . 
Is there a grocery store to buy Asian food that's not located on the north side ??? 
I GOT SKYRIM !!!! See y'all in December . 
Go out for dollar drinks and dancing tonight or stay home and play skyrim ? I put in 14 hours yesterday ... This game really is gonna take over my life . Will prob save me money though . Haha 
On my way to work and the train is empty and the lights are off . Zombie turkey apocalypse ? 
