Quote for the day . \All it takes is all you've got ! \ " -Anonymous . Don't be afraid to go afterwhatever is in your heart . You don't need anything more than your passion . God's got your back . " 

I am having the most difficult time trying to add photos here . God please give me < PROPFEMALE > ! LOL ! 
By < PROPMALE > , I think I've Got it ! My pics are on for those of you who were asking to see more . I've got more to put on but my other memory stick is stuck in my computer ... Pray the lord will help me get it out ( without damage to the stuff on it) ! 
My last thought for the day ... before I fall asleep right here on this couch ! \May God keep you and bless you and may his face to shine upon you and give you peace ! \"" 
Wow . I don't know what got into me yesterday but I wa online until nearly 4:30 am . That is sooooo not like me . Of course I spent most of that time trying to figure out how to upload pictures . By the way with a little bit of prayer and a pair of teasers I was able to get my memory stick out of my laptop . I will be uploading more pics . 
Quote for the day : \Live with integrity . Laugh with your whole heart . Love without reservation or regret . Pray with passion and purpose . Praise like this is your last < PROPMALE > to thank God for all He's done for you and worship without thoughts of how other's view your radical surrender . \ " -CC Good Morning Holy Spirit " 
Whatever you are going through , go through it hand in hand with the Lord . -CC 
When God gives a word it goes straight to the heart and takes root . Let us mix that word with faith that it would < PROPFEMALE > and bring forth fruit . Thank you JESUS ! 
Why am I still awake ... God alone knows ! I'm putting me to bed . If you are awake to read this post you should put you to bed to . God bless all . 
Ummm ... I just had a good dinner ... meatless go figure . I wasn't expecting it to be as tasty as it was . 
The greatest miracles God ever performed where in the desert . So if you feel like your smack dab in the middle of a dry and thirsty place , don't despair . Speak to the Rock and he will pour forth the refreshing river of water you need . He is our source , our ever present help . Trust him to see you through the desert into your < PROPFEMALE > . God bless . Night . 
Not feeling well , but I am healed in Jesus name ! 
Jesus is a healer and a comforter ! Just giving Him praise for he is worthy ! 
OMG I can't believe it but I just burnt a grilled cheese sandwich ! LOL 
I'm trying to decide , and need your help ... Should I 1 . pony up and go for a walk at the park ( but it's hot out there ) , or 2 . get something to eat , go to bed early and get some sleep ( I am pretty tired) ? I haven't been sleeping well , either way , pray for me !!! 
I decided to eat and talk on the phone to a friend . I'm still tired so pray for me . LOL ! The Joy of the Lord is my strength ! 
Brokenness is absolutely neccessary in the life of a believer . There can be no growth without it . Those who refuse to voluntarily throw themselves upon the Solid Rock ( Jesus ) and allow themselves to be broken shall find themselves ground to dust in the Day of his return . He is a Lamb first but then comes the LION ! Do not be one who is turned away ! 
Man , I really need to stop going to bed late and getting up early ! Here's a question for you ... Does God love an early bird or a late owl when we are seeking his presence in prayer . I've heard the great experiences with him when I sacrificed to get up early ... What about yhou ? 
I am called , appointed , anointed , blessed and highly favored of the Lord . There's a word in my mouth that is life to those with ears to hear . There is nothing the devil can do to me that God can't turn around for my good ! 
I am eating left over choclate chip pancakes and hash browns ... mmmm ... yummm . God is Good ! 
Okay ... I'm going to bed early ... Got to work tomorrow ! 
When you're wondering what God has for you , stop , and first consider ... what do you have for him ? This is an exchange ? Will we only give him our sorrows and griefs ? that God we can and he takes them willingly ... But when do we move beyond him cleaning up our messes ? When do we seek not to merely stop DISpleasing the Lord and focus instead on PLEASING him ( making him happy ) . Ask yourself , Where is your heart ? 
Wow ... it's amazing how much you miss the internet when it's down ! 
If you are feeling bound ... whether it's by fear , doubt , shame , anger , jelousy , waeriness , confusion , depression , rejection , or addiction to things you just can't seem to let go of ... Know that JESUS IS THE ANSWER ! Where the presence of the Lord is there is FREEDOM !!! 
Just watched LETTERS TO GOD ... sniff sniff sappy ... sentamental ... a god cry ... I loved it ! 
Contemplating what it means to worhip God in spirit and in truth ! hmmm ... I guess if you are you know you are and if you don't know you are you aren't! A sticky proposition ! It kind of reminds me of when my mom used to tell us kids ... You better get yo ' spirit right ! Hah ! I always wondered ... How do I do that ? I guess sometimes I still wonder ! LOL 
Church was Good ! God is good ! and this food is smelling real good ! LOL ! 
What do you do when you are believing God for something and it doesn't come through ? Did God let you down ? No he has something far better for you ! 
God is a giver of good things . He loves us . He cares when we are tired or sad or fearful He answers us when we have questions . He hears are innermost desires . H blesses us with joy and peace and courage and strength . He is amazing . I am amazed he loves me . Thank you Jesus ! 
Jesus saves . JESUS ! Not CC ! Not the government ... not a doctor , lawyer , a great musician . Not our moms or dads , not our husbands or wives . Not our money or intelligence . JESUS ! He is our light , our salvation , our strong tower ... He alone is the gate , the only way to the father ! JESUS saves ... nothing ( and no one ) else ! 
I have had a blessed day in the Lord . < PROPMALE > out with my spiritual mama Mrs. Ochoa ... she's such a blessing and met her granddaughter ( shout out to < PROPFIRST > Ruiz ) . Then I got to minister to my mom . Now i'm eating a fresh market sandwich . YUM YUM !!! God is good ! 
But we have this treasure ( the tranforming power of the good news we < PROPFEMALE > ) in earthen vessels , so that the surpassing greatness of the power will be of God and not from ourselves ; 2 Cor . 4:7 NASB 
God is sooo good ! I was missing my spiritual < PROPFEMALE > who I lost contact with when I got a new phone ! But God answers prayer and she fb friend requested me ! Yeah ! Relationship restored ! Prayer works ! Hallelujah !!! 
Jeesh ... my eyes are glazing over ... Must go to sleep soon . But first things first . I've got to read my bible , wash my face brush my teeth ... and go to bed ! Ahhh only one person in the world would get this reference and she isn't on fb ! Mrs. Ochoa I love you ! XOXO 
Unless the LORD builds a house , the work of the builders is wasted . Unless the LORD protects a city , guarding it with sentries will do no good . Ps 127:1 NLT 
I life lived for Jesus is never wasted ; a life lived for ourselves produces no lasting gain ! 
A life lived for for Jesus is never wasted ; a life lived for ourselves produces no gain ! 
Faith isn't blind , it is our sight set on Jesus , knowing His heart is set on love . 
Let your light so shine before men that they may see YOUR GOOD works and glorify the FATHER in heaven . Mt 5:16 Lord let every heart that reads this message Make the decision to live thier lives in such a way that YOUR praise pours forth from all those that come into contact with them and they glorify YOUR name ! 
When you change your focus so that it is no longer set on self or the world or others but center it wholly on pleasing the one who has loved you so well and paid such a high price for your joy and peace ... then you will find you not only CEASE to struggle in giving up you sins , your plans , even things you like/love/desire/need , but you will rush to offer them up with great joy and anticipation of His rejoicing . 
I pray that God < PROPMALE > you the deepest of your secret desires , ones you aren't even sure are possible for you . That He show you how deeply & truly you are loved . He delights in your joy , and takes great pleasure in your faith in Him . He will go out of His way to shelter & protect you . You have no idea just what he has saved you from ... Continued in Comment ... 
? taken ? single ? busy spending time with Jesus Christ 
I can't wait for prayer tonight ... It's gonna be great ! I can feel God already shifting things in the spirit ... I just love God soooo much ! 
Man , prayer service was sooo great ! God is good . The move of the spirit is not over . He moves today . He changes hearts , renews minds , and transforms lives . Amen ! 
With shame I realized it was I who cried out loudest CRUCIFY , with JOY I wept , though mystified , you thought me worth the sacrifice . Jesus I will ever love you for giving such great proof of your deep and abiding love for me ! Let it never be said that I took such love forgranted . 
This is the day that the lord has made I will rejoice and be glad in it ! I will sing a new song unto the Lord ! I will testify of your goodness and Grace ! I will stand in awe of you tender mercies and loving kindnesses . I will believe in the good things to come ! I will expect your abundant blessings ! I will be on the look out for oppotunities to witness my faith ! 
I will you alone Oh Lord , and through you I will love your people ! I can not wait to spread the love you have shed abroad in my heart ! Oh let someone be encouraged today because I have been saved . Let me bless your heart Today oh Lord , my love . May my life bring you joy , so that you never repent of having made me ! 
I will LOVE you alone Oh Lord , and through you I will love your people ! I can not wait to spread the love you have shed abroad in my heart ! Oh let someone be encouraged today because I have been saved . Let me bless your heart Today oh Lord , my love . May my life bring you joy , so that you never repent of having made me ! 
Back from lunch with my spiritual mom . Mrs. Ochoa , I love you ! You are such an encouragment to me ! [ Now if only I can get her on FB to actually read these posts lol ] 
My brother < PROPFIRST > Gallagher IV doesn't know it yet but he is an anointed man of God who shall serve the Lord with all his heart , mind and soul . God is going to use him in a great and mighty way ! I love that boy , oh yeah I do ! He's on FB . Check him out . Keep him before the Lord . Lord bless my brother now and lead him into his own ! 
I am been online too much the last couple of days ... I need to get out . hhhmmm ... What will I do ? Where will I go ... Carlsbad has absolutely no good entertainment opportunities ! 
Listening to Crucify Me on Hypster.com http://soc.li/ibHM8IT 
I'm trying to get mom on fb . Then we could keep in touch more often . I am sooo not a phone person ( unless of course you let me preach then you can't get me off LOL ) 
With the merciful you will show youself merciful ; with the upright you will show yourself upright ; with the pure you will show yourself pure ... you will save the afflicted , you will bring down the proud ,... Your way is perfect , your way is tried . Who is my rock save You Yaweh ! You make my feet like hinds feet . You teach my hands to war . 
God is stirring my faith . Ohhh what things would be available and possible for us if we could only BELIEVE ! Healing belongs to you ( ME) ! Prosperity belongs to you ( ME) ! Joy belongs to you ( ME) ! Deliverance belongs to you ( ME) ! It's already yours ... As Jesus is so are you in this world ... you have been bought with a price ... having slain his own son to do it God's not about to refuse you ( ME) ! 
Lord I am determined to walk by faith . Only faith will please you . To walk with diligence . Inconsistent actions is a sign of wrong motives . To purge my heart of every secret flaw , exposing every unpleasing & unprofitable < PROPFEMALE > to the light of your word . Cause that Word to flush out such poison from my soul that I might stand before you as your beautiful bride not because of the purity within . Love you Jesus . 
Lord I am determined to walk by faith . Only faith will please you . To walk with diligence . Inconsistent actions is a sign of wrong motives . To purge my heart of every secret flaw , exposing every unpleasing & unprofitable < PROPFEMALE > to the light of your word . Cause that Word to flush out such poison from my soul that I might stand before you as your beautiful bride because of the purity within . Love you Jesus . 
Psa 34:8 a Taste and see that the Lord is GOOD . CC is eating a Taco < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tacos ( YUM ) and a < PROPFEMALE > empanada ( Double YUM) ! Whatever is good and perfect comes down to us from God our Father , who created all the lights in the heavens . Jam . 1:17 a NLT Thanks Papa , that was soooo good ! ( I bind and bebuke the fat in Jesus NAME !!! LOL ) 
CC is pondering the wonders of the Lord's hands and giving < PROPFEMALE > in my spirit for the love he has poured out for me . If it wasn't for the blood ... I wouldn't know such peace . Thank you Jesus . You've been good to me ! 
I'm forgiven because you were forsaken . I'm accepted ; You were condemned . I'm alive and well , your spirit lives within me . Because you died and < PROPFEMALE > again . 
Giving a shout out to Jesus ... who is the joy of my heart , the strength of my life and the peace of my mind . Good morning love ! 
God is getting ready to do a NEW THING .. prepare yourself ... dig your ditches , enlarge you tents ... Get in his presence and allow him to rework you into a new wine skin so that when the rain comes , when the bleesings flow , when the anointing is poured out you are able to recieve . Do not let your blessing go to another . Get ready ! Get ready ! Get ready ! 
Whatever we have , it was given to us ... Whatever we want , we can have ... God never asks us for what we don't have but for what we want to keep . And if he asks us for it , it's so that he can answer our prayers and give us the desires of our hearts . Believe God and so shall you be established , believe his prophets and so shall you prosper . 
CC just wrote a new song and is learning the keyboard so she can play along . Yeah ! 
Is God on your mind ? You are on His . 
God understands where you are and he has prepared the place you are going and the method of getting you there . Knowing all that will you trust him enough to close your eyes and give him your hand ? 
I love God . He is a healer . He's done it again and healed the mucle I pulled in my right shoulder . It could have taken months to heal but God did it like * snap * that ! One minute I was in pain and the next I wasn't! HE IS SI GOOOD and worthy of PRAISE and HONOR and LOVE and FAITH and WORSHIP and all that I am ! I love you Jesus ! 
CC is making bible flash cards and watching Galaxy Quest ! LOL Funny 
Never give up ! Never Surrender ! 
Mum ... mum ... mum . 
Then < PROPFIRST > said , \Is the LORD as delighted with burnt offerings and sacrifices as he would be with your obedience ? To follow instructions is better than to sacrifice . To obey is better than sacrificing the fat of rams . 1Sa 15:22 " 
Praise Him . He is worthy ! He has shown us great mercy & crowned us with grace ! He has hidden us under the shelter of his wings . Covered our transgression with love , wiped them clean with His blood . He has neither forsaken nor forgotten us . He has shown us marvelous favor & led us in truth . With a gentle hand He has corrected us . With love He has chown us the way of escape . He is worthy , remember & Give Him Praise ! 
The praying that counts is the praying that's sincere . God doesn't want a fair weather friend . 
Ohhh precious is the flow , that's makes me white as snow , no other fount I know , nothing but the blood of JESUS ! 
Jesus I love you and want more of you . Reveal yourself to me in greater measure . Remove every hinderance to my complete surrender . Show me how to yield with joy . Teach me how to purge my ways that I would be a vessel of honor fit for your use . 
When all seems lost ... do not despair . Instead trust in God's tender care . 
We are as Jesus is ... 
God has GREAT plans for me ! I can't wait to see what He does next ... 
God just blessed with an amazing financial breakthrough .... PRAISE JESUS !!! 
The Guardians movie ... great fun with nothing to regret ! worth seeing . 
Death and life are in the POWER of your tongue . 
God is good and His mercy endures forever . Let reddem of the Lord say ... His mercy endures forever ! 
When we set our mind on Jesus ... all other concerns fade away ! 
God beautifies all things in time . Yeild yourself to the potter's hand and be patient . 
Our strength is this ... that in all things HE IS WITH US , that HE KNOWS all we've done and all we've thought of and still loves us , that HIS MERCY endures forever , HIS GRACE is greater than our sin , THAT EVERY TEAR WE CRY pieces His heart releasing tenderness ... that HE UNDERSTANDS , HE HAS A PLAN , and we can count on aHIS FAITHFULNESS . He surely will deliver us from our mess . 
Praise him for He alone is worthy ! 
And when the battle comes ... so comes the LORD OF WAR ! The end has already been settled in heaven . We've got the victory because the enemy has ALREADY been defeated . 
Who but God could love us ? And if God loves us ( and he does ! ) who would dare try to hate us ? Either thier hate will melt under His convicting gaze or they will be consumer by its blaze . They are not rejecting us but He who created us , loves us , and paid such a high price for us . THIS HE WILL NOT STAND FOR ! 
Who rejoices more over our birth than our Creator and our Savior ? If we expect gifts , special words of love and wisdom , fellowship and suprises from friends and family and even the near strangers we work with , why not from God ? 
Let us stop looking to the world to be our source of joy , love and direction and instead look to the God of salvation , the author and finisher of our faith . He will never disappoint , He will never forget , neglect or abondon us . He will never leave us hanging . 
God opens doors that no man can close ...! 
Pray for me friends ... I will be ministering at a Women's conference next weekend and I need to know what the Lord would have me sing and say . Pray that the anointed prophetic voice He has given me with flow withoutn the hinderance of self . 
What God blesses can not be cursed . Believe in and walk in the awesome unrevocable favor . I am an heir of God and a joint heir with Christ . Who are you ? 
When God moves God moves and can't nobody deny it ! 
God's goodness shines like a beacon into the hearts of the weary and broken hearted drawing them home . Let us be the house that cast's the light of His love abroad letting all those adrift and in need of shelter know there is a safe way to shore . 
Prayer tonight was awesome ! God is moving . He's getting ready to do a new thing ! 
CC has found a new favorite tea ... Sorry Arizona Peach Tea you have been upstagged by Arizona Cranberry Tea . Yummm . 
CC is making a CD . All my prayer warriors , help me pray in the funds ! 
God was good today , as He is everyday ( LOL) ! Service was great . Psator < PROPMALE > Armendarez gave a really good word . In Essence , In order to recieve the promise of God we have to grow up spiritually . While the child is still an heir , they do not have control of thier inheritience until they have become mature adults able to manage and not waste the inheritience they recieve . 
I just had a really great talk with my niece , < PROPFEMALE > . She's having twins . I love her so much ! 
Whatever you BELIEVE is real , becomes your reality . If you believe a lie , then the lie becomes your world , the foundation home , the bars of a prision your have built and reinforced by your belief and that no one can release you from but yourself . On the other hand , of you believe the truth even if it contradicts your current circumstance ( cont . on comment ... ) 
Who is the author of our Faith ? It is Yaweh/Jehovah , the I am that I am ! He has written our faith into exsistence with the breath of his mouth , the blood of His son , the powerful stroke of the resurrection ! Who else could have imagined and set into motion such a story as ours and His ? And if He is an authur then we know also that the good work that He has begun in us He will complete it ! ( Cont on comment ) 
God is no respector of persons and the church that is ... is not of Him . 
God is blessing my family tremendously and I know there is yet more to come ! 
I'm hungry but too tired to cook . 
CC needs a new laptop . Mine is dying on me . 
Let God arise in your heart to cast out all darkness , fear , doubt and despair ! He is able to deliver if we are willing to yield . 
I just got this message from my computer ... Keyboard failure . Memory has changed . Strike F1 to continue and F2 to something utility . Hello ... KEYBOARD FAILURE HERE ! 
God is good . 
My phone provider has sent me a message that my service has been switched to AT&T . I have come around full circle and am back where I began . Is this a sign I'm going home again ? Only God knows ! 
Who is the < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > ? The Lord strong and mighty . Who is the < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > ? The Lord mighty in battle . Ps 24 The battle is not ours but the Lord's . He is not too small to save . He is strong and mighty . A man of War . He is the Lord of host ( the host of angels that follow Him ) . He is victorius . None can stand before Him and win . Stand with Him and you need never fear anything or anyone again ! 
Sing unto the Lord a new song , Sing unto the Lord all the earth . Ps 96:1 Everyday God is doing new things for us and in us . He pours out his oil in our lives and prepares us with our daily bread . He listens carefully to our complaints and request and does not protest our lack of gratitude . Weneed to rmember what He HAS DONE but we need to also exalt him and pproclain today what He IS DOING ! 
Where have all the prayer warriors gone ? God is calling us to pray . We are the only line of defence some people have . If we neglect to pray , it is our family members , our friends and co-workers who pay . 
Prayer tonight ... I excited . I just feel like God wants to do something great and what better time thwn when we gather to pray ! 
Prayer tonight ... I'm excited . I just feel like God wants to do something great and what better time than when we gather to pray ! 
MercyMe/Phil Wickam Concert AWESOME ! Will post pics and video this weekend . 
O Church Arise ! 
I am just feeling God's presence sooo strong right now ! It's so strong and sweet ! 
Put aside labouring in your own strength . Everything you do , do it in the power and strength of Christ . It is by grace that we produce the fruit of the spirit ... by grace that we flow in the gifts of the spirit ... by grace and faith alone ! So whatever you are struggling with , whatever is draining you and leaving you weary and stressed out ... give too Jesus ! Let Him do it . He works ... We rest ! Happy sabbath ! 
Who is blessed and highly favored ? I am ! As is everyone who believe in the love and grace of God and who seek to walk after the spirit and not after the flesh . 
Ehhh ... my eyes feel like they've got lead weights on them and yet I still can't sleep . 
I am attempting once more to go to sleep . Lord Help me ! :-) 
There is nothing more compelling than a God inspired messenger willing to stand up and tell it like it is ! 
God wants to pour out His spirit to this generation . To revive in us what has died . He wants to empower us to obtain the fullness of His promises , which are more than just material blessing but the tranformation of our charcter and the salvation of our spirits and souls ( mind/will/emotions ) . The more we yeild ourselves to the plow of the husbandman the greater the harvest of His < PROPFEMALE > revealed in us shall be ! 
God is about to do a great and mighty thing in my life ! He's about to bless my socks off and blow my mind ! I can't wait to give this testimony ! I'm just going to praise Him NOW ! Because I know that I KNOW THAT I KNOW THAT I ALREADY HAVE IT ! 
Ahhhh all I did was click on that link ( Profile Watcher ) . I do NOT know if it works . 
The devil is a liar ! LOL . God is sooo Good . I will believe the word of the Lord alone . And let the church say ... Amen . 
What am I doing right now ? Resting in the arms of Jesus . What will I be doing later today ? The same ! 
I have no idea what I am going to wear tomorrow and I don't feel like washing . What am I going to do ? Jesus help me now ! 
Prayer tonight was really awesome . We have some visotrs from the catholic chruch who came to ask for prayer for healing . Amen , word is getting out about the power of God pouring from Cross Chruch International ! Yeah ! And I was priveldeged to introduction 7 year old twins boys to who Jesus was and they got born again ! Amen ! 
Why am I still up Lord ? I meant to go to bed EARLY ! 
God , cause me to wake up tomorrow with strength and energy , as if i'd had ten hours of sleep ! In Jesus Name , nothing is impossible to you God , I believe ! 
The secret to having peace ? Trusting God to be God . Knowing He IS good and you ARE loved ! 
GET THE GIFT OF THE HOLY SPIRIT ! If you don't have the baptism of te Holy Spirit you are missing out . < PROPFIRST > recieved it by the laying on of hands and the HS helped him to accomplish at a young age what broke more experienced men than he . < PROPFIRST > , who wrote some of the most insightful and enduring doctrine of ... ( Cont . on Comments ) 
God is a consuming fire ! Invite Him into your heart , life , home and He will burn away every impurity leaving you as precious and beautiful as pure gold . 
Thank God for people who can sense what you are going through in the spirit and who are obedient to pray for you and minister to you . 
God may be telling you to do something for someone and you don't know why or you're not sure if you can or you feel it might be embarrasing or leave you in a bind ... Do it . Whatever God tell you to do , do it ! You don't know what they are going through or what they are asking God for ... God always has a reason . 
God doesn't just answer prayer . He answers prayer through vessels like you . BE THE ANSWER TO SOMEBODY'S PRAYER TODAY ! It will bless them , please good and come back to you as a multiplied harvest of blessing you won't be able to believe . 
God doesn't just answer prayer . He answers prayer through vessels like you . BE THE ANSWER TO SOMEBODY'S PRAYER TODAY ! It will bless them , please God and come back to you as a multiplied harvest of blessing you won't be able to believe . 
I'm sooo hungry . I'm trying to decide . Should I get up and go out or be lazy and deliver in ? 
if you need a heart transplant , I know the perfect donor . And He's more than willing to die so that you might live . In fact he already did ! Just call Him and ask . You don't even need a phone . He's rgt there beside you . Just say Jesus , give me your heart ... I want to live ! And He will . He will ! 
I believe that no matter what you are going through Jesus is the ANSWER ! 
I'm excited ! Heading off to Albuquerque NM to stay with my spiritual mama for a couple of days . Yeah ! 
God is at His best when you are at your worst . 
Suspense . Danger . Murder . Bitter Rivalries . Love Triangles . Tragic Love stories . Triumphant and Selfless Heroics . Sweeping Sagas . Family Drama . Revenge .... Awesome insight into the human condtion , the greatest collection of wisdom ever gathered together in one book , on the world's best seller's list since the advent of the printing press ... The BIBLE , sold in a store near you . 
When God says ' Go ' ... Go . You don't want to end up in the belly of a whale ! 
Heaven sufferth ( endures/allows ) violence , and the violence take it by force ! Don't let anyone tell you you can't have what Jesus laid down his life to give you ! Don't try to be nice about it . Don't worry about is it fair what's fair , acceptable , or deserved . Storm the gates of Hell , they can not stand against you ! 
I thank God for sending to me spirtiual mamas who love me , pray for me , speak the word to me and bless me . Mama < PROPFEMALE > , Mama Ochoa and Mama Connalez I love u ! 
And whoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me , it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck , and he were cast into the sea . Mk 9:42 
30 more minutes to kill at the pheonix AZ ariport and I'm back on my way to NM . Yeah ! 
Thanksgiving with my brother and his family was awesome . I miss them alreadyh . Love u < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
I need God in my life . I need Him today more than yesteday . Tomorrow I'll need him even more than today . I'm not ashamed to admit that . I am entirely flawed , helpless and weak without Him . He is my strength , my joy , my peace , faith in everything . 
God ... It feels like forever since I've been on here . Hey everybody ! 
Whatever you feed grows . Whatever you starve , dies . Feed your faith . Starve your doubts . Give the devil no place in your thoughts or your heart . Requires your emotions to submit to the Word of God which is life and health to your soul . Amen . 
Getting ready to go to Combined Dorm devotions on WHC Campus . Yeah ! But first I got to run to friends house and pick up chicken she cooked me . Yummy ! 
God Pleasers Quad be ready for Quad devotions tomorrow at 9:30 pm . Sorry for the change . Be there . God is watching ! 
Jesus give us a burden for souls 
God give us a burden for souls , that where ever we go we will see them and know that without you they cannot make it . 
Christianity is not an instant brew , it's a slow steep . Everything instant is artificial . In order to get something real you have to patiently wait for it to complete it's process . If you pull it too early too early it will be weak , wait too long and it's bitter dregs will put you off drinking it all together . But if you patiently wait and watch over your brew then you will taste the full goodness locked inside . 
God willing I'll be heading down to kansas city to visit IHOP for a Weekend . Yeah . I'm sooo excited . 
church was sooo awesome tonight . God is doing great things at WHC incolumbus Ohio ! 
Studying for Christian Education midterm was a bust yesterday , too many distractions , not enough sleep . But the midterm is over with and I don't have any more to deal with until after spring break next week . 
Jesus is on the mainline . Tell Him what you want ! 
Where is God when you need him ? Right where you need him ! Under you , lifting you up , helping you reach the next level . 
