Well , i've already made my first mistake of ' mis-dating ' something 2009 instead of 2010 ... boy is my face red ! 

is going to have a blast tonight ! 
just kissed his weekend good bye ... thank you architecture ... 
the 4TH is quite possibly my FAVORITE HOLIDAY .... EVER ! 
just when you think life couldn't get any better ... IT DOES 
who's all staying for the 7 week break !?! 
says ; what the caterpillar calls the end of the world , the master calls a butterfly ... 
... hold on loosely , but don't let go . If you cling to tightly you're gonna loose control .. 
have you ever had to re-discover courage ... 
RUFIO ! RUFIO ! RU-FI-OOOOOOOOOH ! 
So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains , and we never even knew we had the key . 
Build a man a fire , and he stays warm for a night . Set a man on fire , and he's warm the rest of his life . 
i've officially decided ... i want to be my moms hero !... corny ... so what ... now , where to start ? 
take it easy , and if it's easy ... then take it twice ! 
i was just thinking ... how many people in the world have ever been punched by a monkey ?... and what would that be like ?! 
well .. you all saw me on the big screen thanks to < PROPMALE > palmer ... so you can form single file lines at my apartment for autographs later 
what the catarpillar calls the end of the world , the master calls a butterfly . 
in the marmalaid < PROPMALE > . between the make believe trees ... 
wow .. i fully endorse ' AVATAR ' ... it TOTALLY gets the < PROPFIRST > higgins seal of approval !!! absolutely the most spectacular movie i've ever layed my eyes on ! 
I can't wait for my 28 hour drive from glorious 65 degree weather to -10 ... WOOT ! 
I LOVE MY LIFE ... don't asky why ... i just do ok ! 
sledding + speed + 10ft of air + rocks = ... owww 
You can number the seeds in an apple , but you can never number the apples in a single seed . 
HAPPY VALENTINES EVERYONE !!! my < PROPFIRST > is 1000 < PROPMALE > away ... boo ;) 
sometimes life is ... well ... just good to ya . 
... oh what i'd give to have you here by me again . 
this one time I got sick and this girl I know nursed me back to health OVER THE PHONE ! 
snuggling with you is SIGNIFICANTLY better than snuggling with a hammer 
You're about as useful as a poopie flavored lolly-pop ! 
Birthday goodness !!! Saturday we're going to green canyon at 7:00 pm . meet at my place ! 
who ever thought that giving your fears and challenges to the Lord could be so darn tough . 
hey all you crazy cats and dogs out there ,... just remember it's the love train comin ' at ya ! 
WHO's YO DADDY PETY ?! 
some times cookies warm the heart as well as the stomach . ;) 
Have you ever been to cloud 9 ?... if you haven't visited , you should join me , it's a terrific place ;) 
loves my FHE sisters 
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY !!! Don't forget your forbears 
I know that you believe you \ 
understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what\ 
you heard is not what I meant . 
Hellooooooo photoshop CS5 !!!!! what's that ?.... oh yes , i know you ARE sooo sexy and brilliant and wonderful .... what's that ?... oh yes , i love you too ! 
Who you are is not dependent upon what you do ' for ' somebody ... but rather , what you do ' to ' them . 
Oh 4th of July ... I love you like a fat kid loves cake ! 
HAPPY 4th of awesomeness !!!! God bless < PROPFEMALE > . the 4th is literally the best holiday in the history of holidays ... it's a scientific fact . 
ITS SOOOOO FLUFFY !!!!!!! 
14 hours on the road ... DONE ! .... half way there ....!! 
well , i've only been here 3 days and i can feel my teeth loosening and my IQ dropping point by point . YEEEEEE-HAAAAAAWW ! 
i feel like i just cut down a rain forest ... the vines and trees on this property are INSANE ! 
wow ... well thats the last time i ever decide to get sick and throw up for 12 hours and have an important internship interview the next day ! 
is going to the < PROPFEMALE > on Saturday ! woot woot ! 
Often the deep valleys of our present will be understood only by looking back on them from the mountains of our future experiences . 
... if you're not liking the way you're feeling ... then , you might try changing the way you're thinking ... ;) 
2010 SouthEast Ninjutsu < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > here I come !!! An entire weekend of non stop martial arts intensities ... and i've never been more ready . 
... yes ... the wooshie finger hold .... skadoosh ! 
The past is history , tomorrow is a mystery ... but today is a gift . That is why they call it the present . ;) 
GOT MY BLACK BELT IN BUJINKAN NINJUTSU !!! thats right ... no woman or small child has EVER defeated me !! 
free money is by far ... the best thing in the universe .. especially when it comes in large quantities !!! 
It's a wonderful life ... it just is . 
how cold do you think it is right now !? Because i can't feel my appendages ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY59wZdCDo0 
