Thanks everybody !!! Thank god for Facebook , no one will ever be abandoned again on their birthday ! 

I want the stupid lot to sell !!!! 
Banks are the devil . I hate < PROPFIRST > Hamilton . 
Its the FINAL COUNT DOWN !!! Do do do dooo , do < PROPFEMALE > do doo doo ... the final count down ... 
Fineeeto !!!!! 
just bought a house 
Hi Everybody . So I really don't like these things ... but my work ( Camera Bits ) is trying to get 1000 fans for their Photo Mechanic < PROPFEMALE > - apparently something AWESOME happens when you get 1000 people ... and we're 29 away . Please become a fan of this excellent photo software ! Thanx . ( if we make it I get a sticker ! ) 
Door knobs and dead bolts just send me into a panic ... wtf 
dirty old house ... dirty , dirty old house ... bad house ! 
I would love my job so much more if I could do it outside today 
Can't believe she just typed hizzouse- really ? 
is exceptionally tired . I just wanna paint ! 
Gnossiennes No . 1 all day !!! 
is a little sad and would like it to please stop raining so I can pick myself up . Thank you , world . 
over it 
Who wants to go to the ballet with me ? 
My house is crumbling around me- literally . Oh what fun . 
How can it only be 2:30 ? The gods are playing a cruel joke on me and calling it a Tuesday . 
loves relearning lessons she learned in high school 
is Having a Nice Day . 
I think I've done enough for the week . 
Dear japan . I ? you . \ 
http://www.snopes.com/photos/risque/skirts.asp 
Dear Friends , Please post stuff so that Avory's human centipede tattoo will go away ... thank you for your help . 
Nothing like a power outage at work to make one realize how dependent we all are on technology 
just realize that not everyone went to a school that kicked the living hell out of you . 
Hello world , thanks for finally being < PROPFEMALE > ! Now please stay < PROPFEMALE > so that my basement can dry . Thank you . 
I just got told by a 5 year old that I need a better job- because \it looks boring \"." 
I just had to turn the space heater on at work . Are . You . Kidding . ME ?!?! 
Courtesy of one Miss April Angel- it was so good I have to repost :\ 
\O give me a home ... where the wives and brews roam .... where the hipsters and tattooed folk play ... where seldom is heard ... a conservative word and the skies are way cloudy all day ... \"" 
Uck Facebook you're ruining my zen ! or < PROPFIRST > ! or I < PROPFIRST > ng ! or something . Point is you're evil ... 
is being torn apart by the American Dream 
Dear Facebook , You are not my therapist and if you were you'd be fired . So please stop asking me what's on my mind everyday , because chances are : if I didn't tell you yesterday , I'm not gonna tell you today . \ 
Kind Regards , Me 
' cracks are starting to show 
has never wanted a fast forward button more in her ENTIRE LIFE !!!!!!!!! End week ! END ! 
August is moving a little too fast for me ... 
ouch 
WAAAAAAYYYYY too much coffee ... 
Is ready for the next step . 
I will be away for my desk until Sept 8th , if this is an emergency , please cope . Thank you and have a nice august . 
Well most of me is back . 
I really needed it to be < PROPFEMALE > today . Meh ... 
My phone is outta commission till this weekend :( poor planning strikes again . 
The last three days have been possibly the longest of my life . Yuck . What's next ? Oh good , its a weekend ! 
Do we really know the people on our Facebook friends list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to Comment on this Status about HOW YOU MET ME . After you comment , copy this to your status , you'll be amazed at the results you get ... 
Go ! go ! Gadget willpower ! 
Everybody CALM DOWN !!!! I got this . 
Don't suppose anybody has an old t-mobile accepted phone lying around do they ? Mine is about to meet its maker and phone is NOT in the budget . 
I have the best roommates in the world . period . 
Its Magnetic Fields day , just sos you knows 
' d rather be fishing .... 
is something . Something definitely goes here . 
I found Home . 
I'm stealing this from < PROPMALE > Raia , although I think after yesterday we all learned this isn't true : \Half of the American people have never read a newspaper . Half never voted for President . One hopes it is the same half . \ " — Gore Vidal " 
Certainly could have been worse . 
Although I don't have the receipt , I would like to return my weekend , I got it home and it just didn't fit . 
Stressin ' myself out . Am I asking to right questions ? Am I looking in the right order ? Its just just a car ... geez ... 
Oh insurance won't cha buy me a Mer-caaaadeeess Beeenz ... Oh wait you just did . Sweet . 
Taking cue from some others , I'll start giving thanks : I would like to thank the last last year of my life , for all the amazing ups and all the amazing people I have been fortunate enough to know and who have helped me so much . I would also like to thank all of the unbelievable downs of the year , its really from these moments I have learned and grown the most . 
I am a rage spinkler 
I would like it known that the sky right now ( 4:50 pmPST ) is THE most beautiful I have ever seen . Thanks world . 
Too much fun 
While visions of finances and sugar cookies danced in her head ... 
Dear 2010 , FUCK . YOU . 
there's \a think tank in tiananmen square running over your sanity students \"" 
Good Bye Huffington post ... you were a good friend , but now a days you're hanging with the wrong crowd . I think we need some time apart . 
Too many plans and dreams ... too little time ... 
I know it was silly- but I wanted everyone to know that I really appreciate all the birthday wishes . I have a lot of friends on here and get some flack for it- but every single one is someone that has meant so much to me at some point or another . Thank you , you guys are awesome ! Wouldn't be here without you . 
Hey Portland Kids ! Going to the Nest tonight with Miss < PROPMALE > - so if anyone is bored- that's where we'll be ! 
My shower knob vs . Dylan .... Dylan 1 ; shower knob dead . Welcome home friend . 
Okay , life . Is this the deal ? Sound good to me . 
