new years < PROPFEMALE > kinda sucks ! 

yay i keep wining hese games that make no sense 
im bored text me :) 
HAPPY NEW YEARS ! 
going to church whoa havent been there in forever 
summers boring when thers nothing to do !!!!! 
watching < PROPMALE > gump : D 
All Time Low 
my language is ste to pirate ! 
my language is set to pirate ! 
(^^^) 
my birthday is in 1 more day ! Saturday ! 
yAY THE BIRTHDAY IS TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
bored someone talk to me haha 
i woud really like if people sent me gifts on farmvill ill return the favor 
yay ! i won lol im bored 
I can't wait for school i know it sounds weird but i really wanna go back to school :D 
whats gotten into all of you itzel your crazy hahaha im not speaking to you jk lol 
i dont get the homework ! i hate it 
school sucked today and math is confusing almost done with the homework :D 
97% of teens would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Pattison ( < PROPFIRST > Cullen from Twilight ) standing on top of a sky scraper , about to jump . If you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating pop corn screaming \DO A FLIP ! \ " then copy and paste this as your status ... " 
okay so the final name for my penguin is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Riggy Eno hahaha wow < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > gave him some weird names me and itzel just mixed them together 
Watching A Walk to Remember this movie is so sad 
watching up in the air 
who knows what song that has the lyrics \daddy tell me another bible story\ " is ? " 
Today , I spent the day at my relatives ' house . My 19 year old male cousin was just getting out of the shower when his 6 year old little sister walked in to use the restroom . All of a sudden , I hear her scream \MICHAEL ! YOU HAVE A TAIL ?! \ " I haven't laughed so hard in years . MLIA " 
went to see the wolfman it was interesting haha today was fun 
yay ! just got the book Dear < PROPFIRST > and The Last Song is The Last Song gonna be a movie too ? 
yay i have 123 friends haha 
So today i found < PROPFIRST > and i also found jdapneil Hinoooo he helped me not fail on my vocab test haha not many people know him or < PROPFIRST > 
Anyone wanna help me on my science packet ? lol 
bored ... who wants to talk ! 
okay so i might but not really dont think it can be but idk but i doubt it very very much dont wanna regret it 
ahahahahaha PMS-pissed-at-men syndrome :D 
Just A Little or maybe more ? idk 
Dont have my phone no more so i cant text no more or anything :( lol my dads gonna go see if they can fix it 
Yay might get my phone tomorrow or wednesday ! 
Happy Pi Day !!!!!!!!!! 
maybe i do maybe i dont ? 
tomorro is gonna be such a weird day i think ! 
i knew not to but i did anyways i keep making the same mistake but i wont no more because iv had enough , now it will be tough luck trying to earn it oh well , you all deserve it 
Why is it when something bad happens it doesnt get better it just keeps getting worse 
Flowers are pretty and dots can mean anything ... dot .... farmville takes over peoples lives haha life is < PROPFEMALE > dull when you have no fun why doesnt anything happen ? 
Spring break has been so lame :/ I wanna go to the beach lol haven't been there since 6th grade 
Yummy toast with cream cheese and straberry jelly ! 
What a liar ! lol 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is pretty amazing . 
anyone going to the fair ? 
Banana Pancakes ? 
ahaha he likes her and not her and she likes him and not her wow and he likes her and shes likes him but not him and he likes her 
hahahaha Antonella O My God hahahaha she and her freinds do that so funny ! 
aww he looked so sad when he found out she had a boyfriend but its not really her boyfriend it was just pretend but he didnt know how horrible ! 
im getting sick :/ 
anyone care ? 
changing the way things are going ..... its for the best ..... i guess 
Anyone wanna write my stupid Lab write up for Bio :D Cuz i sure dont 
I hate being sick ..... I dont wanna go to school tomorrow :/\ \n 
Itzel is a Creeper !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Stalker !!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Dang i have like 5 stalkers this is creepy \ 
in a not so creepy way lol : -l \ 
itzels still a creeper ! (: 
He likes her she likes him he doesnt like her but is getting married to her and she doesnt like him but he is her boyfriend and she likes him but he doesnt like her he likes her and then his firend likes her but she doesnt like him wowsers 
< PROPFEMALE > today i realized thanks to my sister that when im drinking something i put my pinky up haha thats weird lol 
Tomorrows my moms birthday !!!!!! 
Happy Mothers Day !!!!!! \ 
Feliz < PROPFEMALE > De Las Maders and\ 
Happy Birthday mom ! \ 
Feliz Cumpleaños mama ! 
Where in the world are you ??? 
Itzel < PROPMALE > did you reserve them ? 
So much homework :/ help anyone ? 
It seems im always wrong about everything im probobly wrong about this i hope i am but i hope im not at the same time wow i hope i can go to the concert too 
Feel so sick :/ took such a nice nap now i dont think ima be able to fall asleep lol 
Your such a loser . Yes you 
R . I . P Macaronie :( 
My mam is having second thoughts : 0 nooo 
I Got My Tickets !!!!!!!! 
i got my ticket happy itzel 
3 or 4 more years i cant wait ! 
I dislike people ! \ 
not hate\ 
i feel like throwing little peices of paper at them ! 
To much going on wenesday ! and why does almost everyone have to be born on that wednesday i know of ten birthdays that day anyone else ? 
Everyone should go to the Band concert today !!!!!!!!! though im not that excited about it 
Just baked chocolate cake for someone special ! 
ewww ...... 
Anyone want to do my math homework ? Cuz i really dont want to ! 
My mom needs to hurry up ha ptactice was fun but its freezing out here anyone wanna come pick me up :) \\n 
Somehow everything turns out to be my fault ........... 
Had so much fun today with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and a few other people ! \ 
Made huge waffles with ice cream and wip cream and strawberrys ! \ 
Also watched the movie the < PROPFEMALE > and the frog i love that movie ! 
hahaha just got kicked out of Kmart how sad 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > and the frog for the 5th time haha 
Done with reading homework ! eww ihave more homework ............ 
Life is so crazy ! 
Really why now ? 
Glee ! :) 
hahaha they played 25 or 6 to 4 and hahaha \pants on the ground pants on the ground looking like a fool with your pants on the ground ! \"" 
Itzel !!!!!!!!!!! 
Talking well typing to someone in spanish is hard :/ 
The < PROPFEMALE > looks so beautiful today ! :) 
I blew a bubble and i popped my gum what now ! :) haha 
Text me ! 
Hahaha today was fun had fun at the party and i managed to make bubbles and i popped my gum haha itzels dare was the best 
Haha My life in ruins is so funny i love that movie 
boredom !!!! i cant believe we only have three more days of school left :/ i dont want it to end 
wow dear < PROPFIRST > is stuck in my head now haha how lame 
so today has been a great day ! and it just got better im locked out of my house and its cold outside yay for me :/ 
im probably going to fail my math final tomorrow im studying for english and its kinda late idk if ima be able to study for math ahhh 
so .... tomorrows the last day of school dont know if im so excited about it ....... 
so im in biology and its boring but 3 more < PROPFEMALE > . till im a sophmore ! \\n 
going to lompoc who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? text me ! or message me on here 
Hanging out down at the park tomorrow with water guns ha cant wait ! 
itzel !!!!!!!!!!!!! we are going to the park at 3 !!!!!!!!! 
sooo close to getting straight A's oh well got all A's and a B+ maybe next year haha im such a nerd XP 
haha words from my lil sister\ 
\your pretty \".........\" pretty ugly\ " and also\ 
so i came upon a song that i really realy like the bad part is i have no clue what they are saying but it sounds so beautiful :) 
sooo hows everyones summer ? 
Ha they both like each other but wont admit it haha 
Gonna make some pizza !!!!!!!! 
My nails look like nerds .... you know the < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I'm so tired :/ 
well goodnight everyone :) 
Really ............................ 
i want some brownies idk why 
Yay i dont have to give away my puppy we get to keep him ! 
Yesterday i bought one of the best books ever ! \ 
I bought a Where's < PROPMALE > ? book :D 
So bored ........................ stupid < PROPMALE > i cant find him :/ 
Mystic Force <3 
Hero <3 that song is amazing 
Im tired , going to sleep yeah i know its early . 
Hey Mr. are you married ...... \No\ " ...... ( shouts out the door ) MOM HE'S NOT MARRIED ! " 
Anyone want a fishie ! i won one at the fair and idk what to do with it 
Parade was fun but im so tired now ha i saw a lot of people there from school ! not going to have internet for a few days so text me 717-7292 :) 
bwahahaha i cant live with out my computer so i found a way to still use it i relocated it to the kitchen i just hope it doesn get wet haha 
It keeps bugging me that people keep liking panda express on here and i want to like it but i can't haha why because iv never been there ! 
Anyone have a verizon phone they want to give me ? 
ha im teaching my self how to play the keyboard i suck haha 
Today is Selenas birthday !!!!! she turns nine shes growing up so fast she is so annoying though haha 
bwahaha the lady won ! haha time to watch americas got talent that stupid song is stuck in my head i think they should come to lompoc but they will probably miss pronounce it haha 
Stupid song is stuck in my head ! 
haha wipeout is on :D time to laugh at all the people who fall wow im so mean haha 
UnHappy 4th of July 
Yay going to go see the fireworks even if its just here in lompoc im excited havent seen them in the longest time 
I need a Hero ........ 
haha todays wipeout is hilarious 
Yay Spain Won !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why is it so hard to ............................... not laugh at the people on wipeout :D 
I learned how to play one of the awesomest songs on keyboard haha and i learned it just for itzel lol hope she likes it , learned it in one day and i dont know how to play keyboard . haha 
Haha talking in Spanish is funny :) 
I cant fall asleep :/ 
hahaha yay i can finally like panda express haha it was < PROPFEMALE > good and im glad i shared the moment with my love ? 
:) 
packing is so exciting haha 
If only life was more like the movies 
I want to go to mexico already !! dang two more weeks 
You are my sunshine my only sunshine ....... 
Saw Despicable Me haha that movie is the best movie EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its so cute and funny :D 
Hahaha aww Americas got talent stupid howie takes forever haha 
Haha i cant wait for tomorrow the picnic is gonna be amazing 
Like this status and I'll tell you a like , a dislike , and a secret about you . 
je t'aime ? 
I need thursday to come cuz ones its here no more lompoc for me :) 
La Vie boheme :) 
I love < PROPFEMALE > ! ? 
So excited im leaving tomorrow and i wont be in lompoc anymore ! yay 
Aww Plane < PROPFEMALE > was cute haha 
So im going to be leaving in two hours then in 3 hours ill get to L.A then in four hours ill be in mexico ! So i cant text anymore once im in mexico :( 
Well mexico has been amazing the guys are bomb ! :D ha i think i want to stay here now dang guys from cali are sissys compared to these guys ha well i miss everyone ! kinda 
Ha itzels not on again lol well going to the fair today ! :D 
Ahhh went to another party hahaha im so tired !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I know iv benn saying i dont want one but now i want one but then at the same time i dont want one but i do ahhhhhh 
Back in Lompoc !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( 
My tummy hurts !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( 
Text me im getting off :D 
There are so many interesting people . 
Dang it now i want Starbucks Thanks a lot 
I got a Flower today ! that made my day :D 
Can we pretend that goldfish in a fish bowl are like < PROPFEMALE > godparents , i could really use a wish right now . 
I had such a weird dream . But i loved it ha 
Sometimes i just wish i would have someone who could turn my day around and make it better i'll just have to keep wishing ..... 
Today was such a bad day ..... well kind of most of it was 
Wipeout is the best ! 
So im stuck doing my lil brothers hw and i havent even started mine im screwed ! 
So today has been a better day haha Thanks for making it better : ) 
Today has been an overall good day haha Spanish was so funny 
Anyone know any good music i can listen to ? 
Haha i need new friends ! today was fun stupid guys where all good at soccer it wasent fair though i was the only girl there ha 
Anyone have Mrs. Mason for chem ? 
People are interesting .... ha if only ya knew the real story ....... i had a cruddy day today :/ 
Have to walk to school tomorrow ahh lame :( i have to wake up early 
Gabe is Lame ! :) 
Oscars Birthday today !!!!!!!!!!!!! He's finally 11 haha 
It shouldn't bother me at all but it does\ 
i shouldn't care at all but i do :/ 
GLEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) haha 
Stupid Dinosaur is acting stupid haha Itzel it was sooo awkward ! 
Itzel < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dont forget money for what ?????????? 
I dont get why my online friends are sometimes so much better then the friends i get to see everyday well i love all of them all but my online friends always know how to cheer me up i love them so much for that :) 
Glee is on :) 
Who's going to homecoming !? 
Get your hair wet . Love someone . Splash in puddles . Draw a picture with crayons like you’re six years old . Take a nap . Dance like no one is watching . Laugh your heart out . Learn a new language . Write a song . Take lots of pictures . Go on a picnic . Relax in the sun . Kiss the un-kissed . Hug the un-hugged . Live your life to the fullest so at the end of the day you have no regrets and no disappointments . 
In this month theres gonna be 5 fridays , 5 saturdays and 5 sundays . That only happens every 820 years this is awesomel so make this month the best ! 
The park is one of my favorite places to go ... i dont like being there alone but its very peaceful :) 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . Myfirst memory of you . 4 . Theanimal you remind me of . 5 . Ask somethingI've always wondered aboutyou . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Giveyou a weird nickname .... 8 . Challenge you ... 
Today is 10/10/10 :) today is everything ! 
Hahaha buss driver made my day ! Had taco < PROPFEMALE > did some skipping in the parade and now i have to work on the stupid essay and < PROPFIRST > has a kid ! :D 
2 more months ! 
Tu angelito :) 
I am so bored haha im playing with double sided tape how bored does one have to be to make little tape people hahaha 
AhHHHHHHHHH ! 
Not feeling so good going to sleep haha i know its so early oh well haha 
Fax Machins ! hahaha so many memories member the < PROPFEMALE > birds with long legs ! haha that park is amazing . There was a hobo living in the little < PROPMALE > area too hahaha i miss us hanging out like we used to . 
In such a good mood dont know why though haha :) I get to see my wifey on Saturday so excited haha and nervous at the same time ! I also get to see one of the awesomest persons ever on Sunday . < PROPFEMALE > ! hahaha :) 
Competition in Simi tomorrow so excited ha I heard it was going to rain tomorrow it better not rain at our competition or a t least when we perform ! hahahaha 
Oh no my magical flying unicorn is lost ! Itzel we need to find him !!!!!! 
Disney movies are the best :) i feel like a little kid hahaha 
I really hope next week is better ..... 
Today was pretty amazing ! It was just to cold !!!!!!! 
Dang i lost my voice again ! 
Here we go again ...... 
I feel like reading < PROPFEMALE > . I think i will its so adorable :) 
Yesterday was fun our band did pretty good haha i wonder what Mr. P is gonna do with all those cookies ! hahaha :D 
I'll stop procrastinating when a mute guy tells a deaf guy that a blind guy saw a legless guy walk on water . 
Itzel is a stalker !!!!!!!!! 
Asleep\\rostupid dinosaur ! 
Stephie is asleep on the bus ! \\rstupid dinosaur ! 
Itzel is high on something ! 
Had so much fun at the comp . our band did AMAZING . We are going to championships :D haha i also met first aid he's one of the coolest guys ever ! 
Itzel bring a soccer ball ! cuz i dont think we have a good one 
amarte ala antigua is stuck in my head haha 
Happy Feet is on ! :D 
Hahaha for those of you who get this :) \ 
Mom : pon los huevos abajo para que no se quebren\ 
Me : porque ? \ 
Mom : porque no queremos tener los huevos quebrados \ 
Both of us burst out laughing hahaha i love her 
There's a crayon maker !!! I want it ! 
Today was fun laughed < PROPFEMALE > much ... played DDR totally kicked Karinas butt xD hahahah got a free pizza and itzels the square root of 144 hahahahahaha :) love you itzel and happy birthday ! 
Marching Band Championships today !!!!!!! 
I hate Hamlet ! stupid essay :/ 
haha finally done at almost one in the morning i got to stop procrastinating ! 
I need sleep !!!!!!!!! but have to much homework . FML 
today was a good day hahaha i didnt fall !!!!!!! it was kinda bad i didnt get a hug from one of my favorite persons though :/ 
I love that moment . When you're on a long car ride , or listening to music . And you completely zone out . You forget your troubles , and everyone around you . You're focused on that one thing , and that one thing only . You're content , and everything seems peaceful . 
Yay party today ! get to see my wifey :D 
You have to get hurt . That's how you learn . The strongest people out there , the ones who laugh the hardest with a genuine smile , those are the people who have fought the toughest battles . Because they've decided that they're not going to let anything hold them down , they're showing the world whose boss . 
“I want people to know that there is nothing more badass than being who you are . ”\ 
- < PROPMALE > Criss\ 
\ 
haha i love him 
I m a meanie weanie face ! \\nBand geek :) 
Today was fun .. hope i did good on my final .. not fair i have to redo one of my finals .. hahaha we're too mexican we have to use shoes as soccer balls hahaha itzel you have bad aim but you made my day ... tomorrows gonna be fun 
Got the best gifts from my bestest friend :) I did so good on my finals ! haha todays been a good day and its going to get better haha i shall kick karinas butt at DDR again and this time i wont get the grandma car and win the race !! 
If only you all knew ... 
Forever alone ............... 
Just got my grades :D very happy with them haha i feel so nerdy . Todays been a good day ! 
So my neighbor comes to my house just to tell me im weird like i didnt know that already . apparently i had my music blasting(which i did but i didnt notice ) and it went from really mexican music like the kind my parents play when they're drunk to rock/metal to classical to disney songs to hip-hop and rap haha i dont find this weird at all . this is all normal to me :) 
I think you're the only one who knows the real me and thats amazing because no one else does . Thanks for accepting me for me and not judging :) 
Unicorns , I love them . Unicorns , I love them . Uni-uni-unicorns , I love them . Uni-unicorns , I could pet one . If they were really real . And they are ! So I bought one so I could pet it . Now it loves me , now I love it . La-la-lala-la . 
Normal ? No one is normal . It’s just that some people are great at hiding it 
Hahaha so i fell on my butt just thought id let u all know best memories at ryon park ahahaha im cold :/ and all muddy !! Haha it was fun though 
Hahaha there was so many awkward moments today ;) 
............ ugh .......... 
Sometimes i just really don't care :D 
When I go to the beach I look for llamas and walk my iron . hahahahahha 
“There’s too many reasons to smile than to frown . Too many reasons to be nice than to be mean . Haven’t you picked up that life is too short ? ” 
Today has been a pretty amazing day :D 
Penguin (: 
With everything thats going on i realized life is to short so enjoy it do everything that makes you happy and don't regret it who cares what other people think or say . 
Call me crazy if you've got it in you but these people ? don't seem to mind ... :D 
about to go in for surgery ! Ahhhh 
Being in bed all day sucks ! Its boring ! I rather be at school haha 
I want a smothie now ... haha today was a good day .. i feel some what better now haha :) 
So apparently Itzel Abi < PROPMALE > gets < PROPMALE > Damschroder wet and < PROPFEMALE > Gonzalez helps itzel take of her shirt off hmmm thats interesting stuff . hahahahaha 
Hi I'm a weenie cause I didn't log off Itzel's computer ! - Love you stephie ? :) 
Got my internet back super excited haha but now i have to work on a stupid sonnet :/ 
Stupid sonnet ! i can't rearrange the words to make it make sense ima fail ! blahhh 
Blehh :/ 
We cross our bridges when we come to them and burn them behind us , with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke , and a presumption that once our eyes watered . 
Sometimes I feel like I'm mentally going to explode , and there's just nothing I can do about it . 
Great day today awesome way to start of spring break :D 
Yay going to L.A gonna have some fun ! 
Yesterday was amazing < PROPFIRST > Beckham was inches away from me !!!!!!!!! still couldnt get a good pic of him though :/ ha game was good though ref went crazy with the yellow cards ... breakfast was yummy today ........ i dont wanna leave !! 
* Dogs barking in the background*\ 
Me : Hey Itzel Abi < PROPMALE > they're calling you ....... \ 
Itzel : really\ 
Me : yes \ 
couple minutes later ohhhhhhhhhhhh ahahahaha the doggys itzel the doggys ahahahahahahahaha 
