Shit . I feel it coming on . I think < PROPMALE > got me sick . 

Milu is so cute I just wanna soak him in gasoline then throw a match at him . Eff that dog . \ 
>.< 
made an old lady pee herself today . and she paid me . 
I hate facebook . 
got new batman underwear !! <3 
You're perfect , Virgo , and we love you despite it . Problem is , you look for perfection in everyone else . Here's a hint : let it go . 
officially has no car :( 
WHY AM I SO NICE TO STUPID FRIGGIN PEOPLE 
ITS KINDA HARD TO SHOOT YOURSELF IN THE FOOT , WHEN ITS IN YOUR MOUTH . 
Shut up baby I know it . 
THROW ME TO THE WOLVES cuz theres order in the pack . THROW ME TO THE SKY cuz i know im comen back . 
what if i tattooed the earth on my head ? 
bah i hate being poor . noodles in the microwave taste strange . 
gets to starve for 12 hours tonight . then wake up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > to see the doctor , and have the blood sucked outta me . who wants to bet i'll faint ? lol . hopefully ill be ok enough to take my baby out to eat , for a much needed FEAST after all that . thennnn go home and recuperate . 
i love my job >.< 
well :/ not having insurance sucks ... im fucked . :( 
started my sleeve today ! i love it ! pics when i dye my ugly hair >.< 
has the best job ever >.< i love starting piercing projects with customers . 
im really wishing i did drugs right now . so achy i think im gunna throw up . maybe if i go clean itll get better . nice day tho ! and i love my AWESOME BOYFRIEND !! I MISS YOOOOU ALREADY <3 
im freakin bored . and procrastinating . music is all wanna do :) 
If we ever adopt a little girl ( yes ADOPT ) I wanna name her < PROPFEMALE > . So we can call her Noli . ok babiiieeee ? i love you ! 
holy crap i want beer . bad . 
been cleaning , and scrubbing , and mopping , and organizing all day !! freakin sweatin my balls off . tuesdays are a serious cleaning day !! shop looks purty for the coming week :) 
no matter what i do i cant get outta this mood ... maybe im going through a stupid faze . but .. i think its time to admit that for some reason , im not as happy i wanna be ... 
aaaall the girls are monsters . aaaall the boys are whores . so , when you lose the one you love , theres always plenty more . 
Another big fat cleaning day ! I feel so productive :) 
just decided im taking a break from life for a couple weeks . 
feeling like crap today . sometimes i think im the only sensible person i know . 
researching breeders . oh yes , im so getting ANOTHER puppy when we getta house !! <3 
i want my hair blue and pink ! like cotton < PROPFEMALE > ! * adds on to do list for the weekend . * :) 
I MISS ALL MY GIRLS !! WTF ?? WHERE ARE YOU FREAKIN HOS ?? 
i need to quit drinking so much . and god damn it , why does my boyfriend have to tempt me ?? he gave me the ok to go ahead and getta puppy if we find the right one . im so torn ... but also ecstatic ! 
i want to rip my head off . some people are so shady . 
spending the day w my baby . i love him so much . yayyyyyyyyy 
yay ! finally got wireless at home ! sharing w neighbors is awesome :) 
just gunna stay home a chill today . maybe watch some anime and/or go to the pool . < PROPFEMALE > is gunna be mad that we arent going to the park . but she likes helping me clean house , so she'll be fine ! lol 
not feelin too hot today . but atleast i have a new project to work on ! we arent even done w my arm , and i know what my next tat is gunna be already ! 
i wanna puppy sooooooooooooo bad imma cryyyy 
i wanna puppy sooooooooooooo bad imma cryyyy . i think im gunna have to wait till next season D: 
just did my first hood piercing . piece o ' cake ! now i have NO fear ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Ace , and < PROPFEMALE > need to come over this weekend . I re-arranged my apartment so we can < PROPFEMALE > out . 
i wanna do somethin tonight ... :/ 
i love my fat boyfriend . 
Found a lead on a puppy . :) could this be the one !? <3 doubtful , but maybe ! 
JUST WATCHED THE FUNNIEST EPISODE OF FAMILY EEEEEEVERRRRR !!! LMAO \Hey .... I fucked your dad . \ " XD " 
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH I WANNA PUPPYYYYYYYY ** TANTRUM ** 
Blame god , he's the creator . XP 
I'm feeling like me and my baby need to do something special together . <3 
i hate drawing roses . < PROPFEMALE > thats what im gunna do all day . x.X 
did i mention i HATE ROSES !? 
I freakin pulled my back today , bad . Boo-ed my lil bro off stage lol . Went shopping at Kohl's for summer clothes . < PROPMALE > made me steak dinner . And now i think we are going to walmart , and im so using an electronic cart . GREAT DAY 
Baught a little grill ! and some fruits and yummies to eat tomorrow !! Wal-mart is so much better while in the electric cart !! 
Last Nights Dream : work was a tattoo shop/whore house . i decapitated a whore that pissed me off . got in a fight w a male whore who didnt understnad i dont wana sleep w his customers . < PROPMALE > was sexually confused . < PROPFIRST > gets pissed and gives male and i seperate rooms . he keeps harassing me so i end up killing him anyway . < PROPFIRST > was secretly happy . 
ok ive tried to stay in a good mood , but frankly this weekend SUCKED . really just cuz i hurt my back . im lying in bed , making friends w the ceiling , cuz i think im gunna be here a few days . 
also , this just in ; i have the best boyfriend in the world . yup , better than yours . actually , hes the best anything , better than your girlfriend too . 
everything is pissing me off today . cant get outta bed . THIS SUCKS AAARRRRGGHHH 
How does Kaipo always know when im crying ? He suddenly jumps in bed w me ( which is only ok when i need him ) , and lays his head on me . How could i still be sad ? 
last night's dream : sitting on the living room floor in a strange apartment . Kaipo runs to me , drooling blood and crying . He falls in my lap , his blue eye fills entirely with blood , and he caughs violently for a moment . i stare into the blood filled eye and try to find words to comfort , and let him know i love him . I beggin to cry , and he slowly dies in my arms . 
Nuthin to do , no where to go , oh . I wanna be sedated .. 
still hate drawing roses .. 
I love my job :) 
last nights dream : I lived in a strange house with my parents . I had a stalker . I never saw him , but i would notice things in my room changed , or the window open when i woke up in the morning . I was terrified . I told my dad and he got pissed . I found keys and a watch next to my window . My dad found stalker , who was a D&D nerd . Sent him to jail . Me and stalker became pin-pals cuz I didnt want to hurt his feelings . 
i hate script . so guess what im doing all day ?? who wants their name in script with a < PROPFEMALE > !? -.-' 
last night's dream : I was supposed to meet < PROPMALE > in a pet store . got there and the place was really ghetto , dirty , and dark . im running everywhere trying to find him , passing many sad looking cages . finally find him . he cant see or hear me , like im a ghost . someone hands me a funny shaped mouse , that was ADORABLE . < PROPMALE > leaves thinking i didnt show , and i < PROPMALE > after him . 
I love my life C : it may be annoying now and then . but its soooooooo much better that it was , even just a year ago . Its nice to be able to take care of yourself , pay your own bills , wipe your own ass , and laugh and wonder whats wrong with the other people who cant figure it out :D 
Say what you will , love finds you even when you've given it up . Everybody deserves to be adored . Why settle for less ? When the world gives you more . 
For those of you who did not know , I have < PROPFEMALE > feet . So , I have come to the conclusion that my boobs got all the growth my feet were supposed to get . And thats why they are always so sore , both my feet and boobs lol . 
Last night's dream = awesome ! walking through a canyon . the sun is beating down on me from above . its raining men dressed in armour , falling to their death . I make it to the top , next to my fellow warriors . i slip on my dragon skin armour and pick up a bow . turn to my leader and ask him to show me how to shoot . he says i must learn myself . i pull the arrow back , and nail a guy across the canyon in the face . he falls . 
is anybody gunna go to S4 with me sunday ??? i miss you guys ! 
so tired of feeling like death's butthole all friggin time ... i hope JPS will take me . 
danit < PROPFEMALE > on . im trying to figure out how to put a picture up 
Last night's dream : Moo had a secret boyfriend , who was an ex navy seal , and was trying to kill me . They had a party for < PROPMALE > , but i wasnt invited cuz secret boyfriend didnt like me :( < PROPMALE > didnt believe the guy was after me , so he called me crazy and left me . I find a body of a girl he killed . I go to try to warn Moo . Can't find her . < PROPMALE > finally believes me , and we save Moo from her evil boyfriend . lol XD 
oww my feet hurt . im so ready for the weekend .. ah crap . its guna be a busy weekend tho . 
\I'd probly pull an < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > Pitt . And adopt a bunch of babies that ain't never had shit . \"" 
is getting really friggin good at piercing nipples . just sayin . :) 
bout to get my head tattooed ? >.> 
tf is wrong w the world ? 
A cult ? Daz gay . 
frick its hot . i hope the AC guy actually fixes my AC tomorrow , instead of just pissing around . I'm sick of this . 
More often than i'd like to , i feel like i dont know where i belong . I feel like my feelings are an inconvenience . I wonder if the things i want are that rediculous . And if you keep pushing and pushing .. I wonder , if I just might go . 
My AC is still not really fixed . And I'm feeling really uneasy today and I wish I would just CHILL THE EFF OUT . I can't wait for things to be simple again ... 
All ready for thursday , bring it on !! Bout to get my arm worked on , and i wish it wasnt so stinkin hot . 
Gahh its almost 6 . spent way too much time lying in bed w < PROPMALE > , looking up old songs by black people . why ?? Sorry Mrs. < PROPMALE > !! I AM FO REEEEEEL !! 
CANT WAIT FOR FUTURAMA TONIGHT !!! 
i loooooooove this weather . I'd miss TX storms if I moved away . : c but not the heat ! 
omfg i cant keep staying up this late . had an awesome time tho !!!!! I LOVE MY GIRLS < PROPFIRST > AND < PROPFEMALE > ! who can do this shit w their bosses that we do ? lol looooooove 
I think i just realized I don't understand , or know how to handle , myself . 
Tomorrow is my last day before a week off ! gunna get my knuckles tattooed !! so excited ! 
gotta massive headache from grinding my teeth lol . cant wait to have a week off !! 
\I WOULD RATHER CHOP OFF MY OWN DING-DONG THAN ADMIT THAT BOOS AINT FOOD\ " - < PROPFIRST > Murderface " 
' Like ' my status , and I'll tell you what I \ 
like about you , dislike about you , and a confession . 
My < PROPFEMALE > needs a blanket , and somebody to spank it . I miss my mom . But shes at the prom . 
note to self , after zoo tomorrow- invent \The Game of Life- Ghetto Edition \"." 
Re-arranged my apartment today !! it looks awesome . still cant decide if i should get this new couch >.< 
anybody wanna go to the japanese water gardens with me ? 
everyday of my vacation i wake up feeling < PROPMALE > over , but havent been drinking . wtf ? and im so damn edgie and grumpy . daz gay . 
chillin on my new awesome couch . not ready for my vacation to be over . and i want < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to go to S4 with us tonight !!! 
Dear North Texas Tattoo Co ., oh how I missed you :) Glad to be back at work lol . Its all I know . <3 
I want another tattoo on my head . oh yes lol . I'm thinking a quote or song lyrics , running along side my mohawk ... ideas ? 
F <3 T <3 W <3 
just got my new AC unit and its trying to cool off the house . PLEEEEEEEZ lord christ and our father in heaven , let this be the last time i have AC problems . lol 
I'm sick of drawing pin ups . I want to BE one . lol ..... sigh :( 
Found new anime and I am seriously addicted . <3 
thinking im guna start waking up earlier . i feel like all i do is work , and sleep , and my days are gone . 
I say what's cooler than bein cool !? ICE COOOOLD !! whooo . Alright , alright , alright , alright , Alright , alright , alright , alright , Alright , alright , alright , alright , Alright , alright ! 
i have decided that i think navel piercings on men are very sexy . :3 
A man I admired once said to me , \Poor people stay poor for a reason . \ " I may not be the wealthiest person right now . But I promise not to stay poor for any reason . :) " 
I love it when customers feel the need to hug me because they love their new piercing so much ! lol 
i think im bout to say fuck pink hair . im tired of dyeing it . maybe i'll just go black ???? and MAYBE ill just let my natural hair color grow out and have the ONLY un-dyed mohawk . hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
baby guess what 
If I was a stripper , I'd dance to Time Warp from TRHPS . lol :) 
i need something exciting . 
I'll be moving into a house as soon as my landlord finds me one !! Who knows when that'll be , but its still exciting !! 
Got to work early and doin some cleanings . All alone in the shop , jammin ' out to < PROPFIRST > Timberlake cuz no one is here to judge me XD J.T. , you are my guilty pleasure <3 
my baby just made the best brownies EVER . <3 i think hes trying to keep me fat . 
im so ready for summer to be over . 
< PROPFEMALE > luv donut hole 
i hate spoiled freakin ' < PROPMALE > kids who think they're hard . XD you guys crack me up . 
to all the other anime nerds , FYI , Xenosaga sucks . I watched like 3 episodes and I can't watch anymore . booooringggg , dont waste your time . :P 
how crazy would it be if i shaved completely bald for a while ? 
Its hot out ! If anyone ever needs a nice refreshing glass of ice cold truth , I've got it . 
Cupid's a heartless angel with cruel composure , oh yes . Cupid's fight with me is battles ancient . 
< PROPFIRST > walked in with his hair all effed up from the rain . now im having this strange and sudden urge to brush his hair . im a creep , i know , but its so prettyyyy lol 
WOOOOHOOOOOOOO 
I remember when , I remember I remember when I lost my mind . 
All my life I've been over the top , I don't know what I'm doing all I know is I don't wanna stop . All fired up ! I'm guna go till I drop ! Your either in or in the way ! Don't make me , I don't wanna stop . 
Today is Nani's fourth birthday ! So i posted some old adorable photos of her and her baby ! I love her so much <3 
I just have to make it through one day without killing anyone . Today can't last forever . It WILL be tomorrow soon , and I wont have to deal with today anymore . I can do this . One day at a time . 
god i hate money . i think ill get an evil money tattoo . 
I wish it was snowing . </3 
Say goodbye to the mohawk everyone :( I'm not shaving my head again till next spring . Im thinking some kind of short pixie cut till then . </3 
EFF YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOU FACEBOOK 
Foreva < PROPFEMALE > seems that long untill your grown . 
I can hardly function if I don't get at LEAST 8 hours of sleep a night . 9-10 is better . How gay is that ? I'm sick of feeling like shit 24/7 . I just wanna feel normal . I'm such a vagina :/ 
ah crap . i just messed up what i was doing . i am not functioning right ! im guna go get a coke and have a cig . i must be low on my eines . then ill come back and try this again . lol 
My favorite kind of people , are the ones that give me a ridiculously good tip for doing a very easy piercing <3 Makes me hate the world a little less :) 
I there's monster in my closet . Someones underneath my bed .. The winds knocking at my window ... I'd kill it , but its already dead . 
man i hate this heat . I'm bored as hell at home but I dont wanna leave the house cuz its too hot !!! What a waste of my day off . I might as well just go to work . 
Last night was fun , but awful when I tried to go to sleep ... Can't wait to go to work and have a crappy day too ! :) 
man i need a part time job .. whats something i can do and make $100+ a night ? besides stripping , i hear thats not all its cracked up to be anymore lol 
I JUST FUCKING GOT CHASED DOWN BY A GOD DAMN PIT BULL !! I DONT KNOW HOW I OUT RAN HIM BUT I DID . I AM SO MOTHER FUCKING PISSED ! I CAN'T EVEN WALK MY OWN FUCKING DOG IN MY FUCKING NEIGHBORHOOD CUZ STUPID FUCKING PEOPLE DONT KNOW HOW TO CARE FOR THEIR FUCKING DOGS ! I AM SERIOUSLY IN FREAK THE FUCK OUT MODE !! 
cant sleep . tomorrow is guna suck . i want to buy a camera . but alas . i am poor . kaipo is so cute , he always follows me every where when im up this early . hes my < PROPMALE > . hm i wish i had a camera . to take pics of kaipo with . the patio is nice and clean now , i think i'll go outside . ( fin ) 
Happy Birthday Papah :) we miss you <3 
what a beautiful day . i'm so happy , this fall is guna be great ! my life is awesome . \ 
more mushy crap , blah blah gay , etc . <3 
im so blahh today . =/ 
Steak and Shake's peach milkshake is the BEST thing I've EVERRRR put in my mouth !! MMMmmMmmMMmMmM <3 <3 <3 
Just got $100 worth of stuff at Kohl's for $10 !! MUAHAHAHAHAHAA 
95% of the people around me either have at least one child , or have one on the way . its interesting how everyone feels such a strong impulsive need to pass on their genes . is it strange that i dont ? infact if im honest the thought actually grosses me out ... 
i love people who choose not to hear things they don't like . 
Sittin at the bar by myself c : gettin a head start lol 
Dear Mother Nature , please stop teasing me with this fickle weather . I'm ready for fall ! 
\I hate rap . I'd rather listen to baby seals being clubbed to death then listen to rap . \ " -my Papa " 
:( 
Just got done piercing one of my fav customers ! This guy is bad ass . How many straight , single fathers , do you know that have their belly button pierced ? Any man who can rock a navel and hip piercings like he does is the shit in my book ! 
taking my boyfriend out to eat tomorrow for his birthda- i mean , my birthday . :D \ 
lol 
Such horrible anxiety today ! waiting to find out about a house and stuff . I hate hate HATE having to wait and depend on other people for anything ! Does that make me a control freak ? probably .. oh well . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! 
I still sometimes have the urge to run . Even though I've already left my past in the dust . I AM safe now . Yet I feel the need to keep running for higher ground . \ 
I want to STOP running and enjoy the view from up here . My head comforts me , logic tells me to relax . But my heart doesn't want to stop until I make it ALL the way to the top . 
desperately needs a haircut . 
ice on my fingas on my toes and on my toysssss 
Its fun to find people you knew in HS on facebook . Its even more fun when you find someone you couldnt stand and you find out the bitch got fat , pregnant , or is still working at Burger < PROPMALE > . MUAHAHAHAHAHA < PROPFEMALE > <3 
HAD AN AWESOME DAY . Now for an awesome night with awesome weather ! awesome new kitchen wear and new halloween socks . cheesecake , coffee , pumpkins , my baby and my loves <3 !!!!!! 
My horoscope says that today I am most compatible with Scorpio . Good thing , cuz me and my Scorpio were in a car accident . \ 
I'll explain later . 
Driving down < PROPMALE > Blvd , the car in front of us swerved into the other < PROPFIRST > . We see that there is now a STOPPED vehicle in front of us , only about a car's length away , in the middle of the road . < PROPMALE > pumped the breaks to try to stop . But we slammed into them . Air bags deployed , and the front of his car is fucked . 
Death aint nothin but a heart beat away . I'm livin life d o-o r-die , what can I say ? 
I'm guna be < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > from the batman cartoon series , for Halloween . What are you guna be !?? 
Greedy little people in a sea if distress . Keep your more to receive your less . Unimpressed by material excess . Love is free , love me , say hell yes ! 
I WANT < PROPFEMALE > PUPPY NOAAAAWWWWWUUHH !!!!!! * hissy fit * 
JURY DUTY SCAM !! \ 
The\ 
caller claims to be a jury coordinator . If you protest that you never \ 
received a summons for jury duty , the scammer asks you for your Social Security number\ 
and date of birth so he or she can verify the information and cancel \ 
the arrest warrant . Give out any of this information and bingo ; your \ 
identity was just stolen . 
Man . There are some really shitty looking tattoos out there . I'm so glad none of them are on meeeeee !!!! SUCKAS !! 
its weird to me when parents smoke in front of their kids . 
I'm off the rest of the night and tomorrow ! thurs is guna be crazy . but for now im guna go have coffee w < PROPFEMALE > and my fav red head :) 
My boyfriend just got teary eyed at < PROPFIRST>'s thinking about his fav hockey player leaving the team . XD 
Everyone has a puppy but me :( 
FUCK IM FREAKING OUT !! I have a deposit with a wolfdog breeder , and I have been waiting for a litter to be born . Well they were born today !!! I wanna red and white puppy so bad and there are two in the litter !!! IM SO EXCITED IM GUNA PUKE !! HURRY UP AND SEND ME PICS YOU STINKIN BITCH AAAHHHHHHH 
yay ! love my girls . thanks for making my night less boring guys ! : * 
To me , love is not about whats in someone's pants . It about whats in their heart . 
I've had a dream about puppies every night sense they were born on the 14th . I'm still waiting to find out more info on the litter and its killing me !! 
I just got an email from the puppy lady , saying she is going to send me another email sometime tonight with puppy info ... why do you torcher me like this ? ... i hate you .. 
I'm sick of cleaning all day on the only day i have to myself ! i need me time :( 
Had a crappy weekend , I hate for my new week to start on this note ... Woke up feeling like I'm missing something .. 
There is only one red male puppy , he's perfect ... And I have 3rd pick ... \ 
yea im totally guna cry like a little weenie if i dont get him .. 
Getting my arm worked on . sucked at first , but now its putting me to sleep . 
Fuck ! Why do i do this to myself !? It fuckin HURTS !!!! 
Starting off busy for a rainy day ! 
I just want to be able to function like a normal person with out feeling like shit . I hate complaining but fuck ... its been bad lately . I just wanna go to work .. grocery shopping , cleaning the shop or my house . Normal things , normal people do every day , are killing me ... 
\All the flavors of ice cream in the world couldn't take the place of friends .. \"" 
Like\ 
my status and I'll tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about you from \ 
looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color you remind me of . 3 ) \ 
My favorite memory with you . 4 ) The animal you remind me of . 5 ) Ask \ 
something I've always wondered about you . 6 ) My favorite thing about \ 
you . 7 ) Give you a nickname . 8 ) Challenge you to repost this :) 
I want my pruppieee noowwww . Not much longer till I know if he's mine ! wanna see a pic of him ? 
??? ? ' ? ' ????? =( • ?? ) =?/ ???? /' ? ' ? ? this is a stick-up ......... give me ALL yo [ ?? $ ?? ( ?? 1 ?? ) ?? $ ?? ] 
For anyone who didn't know , I've always had an unhealthy obsession with greek mythology . I'm think about drawing a portrait of a character . Medusa ? 
I will know by Thursday if I'm getting the red puppy in the litter !! Maybe sooner ! I can't wait . 
feeling like poop today . 
OK so I really miss having sugar gliders . Not healthy . 
What a beautiful day !! 
I hope business picks up , but I can't wait to go home ! I wanna make candles and do a froggie photo shoot ! Thanks for letting us borrow the camera moo ! I also need more pics of my dogs , I wish it snowed here ! 
SOMETIME WITHIN THE NEXT 24 HOURS I WILL KNOW IF IM GETTING MY PUPPYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Not looking forward to the next two and a half months . But I love my job and I wouldn't trade it for all the money in the world . :) 
I hate getting money , cuz as soon as i have it , it already has another place to go . Why does everyone wanna take my money ? Don't they hate it when other people take THEIR money ? Don't we all hate giving up our money ? So why don't we all just stop giving and taking money , sense no body likes doing it anyway . 
WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY BODYYYYYYYYYYY 
PUPPY IS OFFICIALLY MIIIIINE !!!!!!!!!!!! <3 
So stressed .. Its making the little things hard . I think its time to start eliminating some problems ... 
Do you think body modification is addicting ? 
I always thought I wanted someone to save me . Sweep me up and take me away with you . And I realize now that .. I do , but not in the way I thought . 
What a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day outside ! I want more pics of my puppy ! 
15 days until Milu is here ! 
I need to start posting videos of my dogs ! Can you do that on fb ? 
Went to Starbucks on the way to work today , and i over heard a black girl talking about when she got her spray tan . \ 
? 
Thinking about stretching my ears a little more . To stretch ? or not to stretch ? hmmmmmmmmmm 
I posted more pics of Milu ! 
My Granny gave me some vitamins to help with my fatigue and give me more energy . Maybe its just coincidence , but I think they are working ! \ 
I'm running around the shop cleaning and jammin ' out ! This feels great :) 
First time I had read the bible\ 
it had struck me as unwitty . \ 
\ 
I think it may started rumor\ 
that the lord aint got no humor . 
10 days till Milu is here ! 
lol ... the things i do for money ... 
9 DAYS UNTIL MILU IS HERE ! 
8 DAYS UNTIL MILU IS HERE !! 
Ok so now that I have my sled dog team together , its time to move up north ! \ 
I want snow !!!!!! 
Hey everyone , I got a new yahoo ID . Add me on YIM\ 
MommaWolf7 
ONE WEEK UNTIL MILU IS HERE !!! 
had a good and busy week ! and i got to end it by doing my fav piercing . c : 
SIX DAYS !!! 
5 more days ! My baby is sick : c I hope he gets better by saturday . 
AHH ! only four more days ! 
I'm so sick of dealing with this breeder . She's rude and obviously doesn't care to help me with my questions about Milu because she already has my money . Its so hard not to snap at her . I can't wait until he's here , so I can harass her with all my questions and not have to worry about him . >.< 
feeling a little better so far today . i hope it stays that way . I wanna see my granny and uncle < PROPFIRST > tomorrow :( 
OMG 3 DAYS 
I don't wanna be sick anymore ! At least me and < PROPMALE > have each other to pick on to take out frustration while we're miserable lol . Hmm .. today i am thankful that i am in a relationship where seemingly harsh , but sarcastic , verbal and physical abuse is comical to both of us , and is an important part of our bonding and affection . 
Milu will be here tomorrow ! I can't wait !! 
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
So the cargo guy said that i should be able to pick him up at 7pm . So only about 3 1/2 more hours !!! 
TWO HOURS !! 
ONE HOUR !! 
Stupid flight delays !!! we are sitting in the cargo building waiting ! He wont be here til 8 45 DX they called the breeder to get my number and notify us but she said she didnt have it !!! And she so fucking does !! what is wong with her errrrrrrr 
Ok flight just landed so he should be here in less than 30 mins !!!! 
He's home . :) 
If I move 3 ft away .... Milu screams . lol 
Are you guys sick of me posting pics of Milu ? I feel like an obnoxiously proud parent . \LOOK AT PICS OF MY BABY ISNT HE PRECIOUS ! \"" 
Milu is such a chick magnet I can't leave < PROPMALE > alone in public with him . lol 
I think its about time to move again . Of course . 
Change\ 
your default FB picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To \ 
not see a human face on FB until monday Dec . 6TH . Join the fight against \ 
Child Abuse ! 
Fat people are harder to kidnap . 
I miss my puppy ! Can't wait to be off for the weekend . 
WTF is this number game ? Do I wanna play ? 
wish i could get a $ 39,000 < PROPFEMALE > !! HA ! 
Birthstones are more and more interesting the more I read . Sapphire is mine , I like my stone . I really like Rubies and Emeralds too . Do you like your stone ? \ 
Each one has meaning , symbolizes energies , and is said to < PROPFEMALE > these energies and power to its wearer . \ 
But I can't find real birthstones in body jewelry . 
I WISH MY CAR WOULD STOP BREAKING ITS EXPENSIVE !! AND RUINNING CHRISTMAS PRESENTS !! 
Tank girl is a judge on \Pet Stars\ " . This show is retarded but ... tank girl .. " 
Looking at the million dollar + homes on google maps is fun . How someone could find it in themselves to buy such an expensive home ... is beyond me . 
You and I wake up together in jail ... using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and past this into your status so I can comment . 
Same shit , different day . \ 
:) 
woo hoo just found $10 in my wallet ! I thought it was empty ! 
Is it weird that I love < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse when I'm depressed ? <3 
May have found a new place ! We get to go see it tomorrow ! 
I decided I wanted to wait until next fall to move , and of course as soon as I settled on that thought this AWESOME place popped up . Its a good price and soooo nice . I cant wait to see if its as nice in person as it is in the pics ! 
I changed my voice mail greeting back to the standard recording . Your welcome . 
Hoping today is crazy busy ! We'll be open on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > 2pm-6pm . If you wanna give me something for Christmas , come get yourself a piercing ! Bring the business !! 
Playing the Squirrel Nut Zippers Christmas album at the shop . The only Christmas music I don't hate :) 
I love coming to dennys with < PROPMALE > on thurs night . i asked what animal he'd be if he could be any animal \A tortoise ( makes tortoise face ) they live like 200 years . And have you ever seen a sad tortoise ? \"" 
Had a pretty awesome xmas :D 
Love can free us from from all excess . From our deepest debt . Because when our hearts are full we need much less . 
Though many people may hurt me , I will never be broken . I don't deny that sometimes I may be knocked down . But I promise , I will always stand back up . 
I can't decide how to bring in the new year . 
Shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > . So at least you land amongst the stars . even tho the stars are further away than the < PROPFEMALE > ? 
!! the biggest exotic frog breeder in the states gave me his number ! He's famous amongst frog enthusiasts . I'm eeeexxciiiteeeeeeed !!! <3 
OK I usually dont talk about customers on FB . But seriously . This woman apparently thinks she's a piercer saying shes done lots of piercings . Tried to pierce her daughter's navel . Screwed is up . And wanted me to fix it . I told her to wait for the fucked up hole to heal . And she throws a fit . LOL wow . Even her daughter thought she was an idiot . \ 
These are my favorite kinds of people . 
< PROPMALE > is finally trying to work on my car ! again . I hope his man magic fixes it :) But , its been so long , idk if i'll remember how to drive . \ 
As Ms. Swan would say , \Good luck everybody else ! \"" 
Uhg I organized the shop . Cleaned and sterilized . Now im boooorrreeddd . Where did all the business go ? 
Why do i still eat so much ramen ? Im not THAT poor anymore . Old habits die hard i guess . 
iz cold . 
I miss my puppy . 
I wonder what would happen if I went to a nursing home dressed as the grim reaper . 
its a mermaid kinda day 
HA ! someone's car alarm actually went off this time ! people breakin into cars all the time over here . lol 
1 . Go to Google Maps and click on \Get Directions . \ " \ 
is officially BROKE . 
\Life is a grave and I dig it . \ " <3 " 
feeling depressed . not in the sense that im sad , but my mind and body are just run down . 
\Our enemies are innovative and resourceful . And so are we . They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people . And neither do we . \ " - < PROPFIRST > W . Bush " 
Milu is an adorable red demon from hell . 
To Everyone , but mostly Heather . \ 
Some people find themselves in in despair when they find out that our beloved zodiac horoscopes , provided to use by the ancient Babylonians over 2300 years ago , is incorrect . \ 
I'll explain in comments on my facebook status why most of us still feel that we identify with our horoscopes and personality characteristics the zodiac suggests . 
Uploading these photos made me miss my puppies : C\ 
Hopefully Sunday and Monday the weather is nice so we can go out with < PROPFEMALE > and Milu ! <3 
I love my job , even though some days suck ass . But I'm sure , even on my worst days , my job is still waaaaaaayyy better than yours !! MWAHA :P \ 
So again , in the infamous words of Bender \Compare your lives to mine 
< PROPMALE > is going outside and collecting the falling ice in an empty jug , then feeding it to the dogs . and they lov e it !! lmao they r all so cute . 
fun snow day ! had an adventurous walk to kroger w < PROPMALE > . played in the snow w the puppies , had them pull me down the sidewalk in a laundry basket . and i only fell on my ass 4 times today ! thats if u dont count me falling out of the basket and being drug 5ft by kaipo and < PROPFEMALE > . XD 
So our electricity went out at 11pm . this blows . wont be back on till tomorrow , hopefully . 
Milu is losing his baby teeth and right now his two front teeth are missing . Hill-billy puppy ! lol 
Holy shit fuckin snow good lawd ! Yes we were out playing in it at 2am !! 
I LOST MY FAVORITE CHARCOAL PENCIL !! AAHH ! ITS A CATASTROPHEEEE ! 
Who would go out for sushi with me ? someday when i can afford it lol 
The excitement of discovering a new band you really enjoy is like having a fresh new lover and taking them home for the first time . Will every new song , every touch and feeling , be as good as the last ? You know its good if it just keeps getting better . 
Every journey I've taken in life , I've taken by myself . Finally , i think my hardest struggle yet is coming to an end and im excited . Still with every step i feel more and more alone . 
the game . 
“The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge”\ 
“War does not determine who is right - only who is left . ”\ 
“Most people would sooner die than think ; in fact , they do so . ”\ 
“I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong . ”\ 
-Bertrand < PROPMALE > 
fuck . \ 
taxes . \ 
im just guna buy a $ 3,000 gun and shoot myself with it . 
yea so . \ 
i thought i had insurance . but . its pointless insurance lol . \ 
i have one visit . \ 
then , \You have to pay 100% of what we let the Dr. charge you . \ " \ 
Seems like every where I go , someone knows at least one of my uncles . :P lol\ 
<3 
SHIT . Now I need a new laptop . Add that to my long list of expenses and debt right now . 
bbbllluuuuuuuhhhhhh . \ 
same shit . \ 
different day . \ 
^.^ 
I always feel and work best , when I have someone or something to be excited about . s'that weird ? :P 
have i ever mentioned how much i LOVE greek mythology ? And i love drawing the characters . And I had some delicious greek yogurt and < PROPFEMALE > last night . And gyros are awesommmme . \ 
everyone could learn something in the lessons told by greek mythology and philosophers . \ 
greek people are pretty much the shit . :) 
OMG I JUST < PROPFIRST > A < PROPFEMALE > THAT DOESNT LOOK LIKE SHIT ! i suck at drawing stars . : c sad i know . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH <3<3<3 
i want my carrrrrr baaaaack 
i fuckin love lemurs . srsluh . \ 
maybe i need a tattoo of one . 
Theres too many little kids living in me neighborhood . Kaipo and i want to go ride our new bike . But its annoying when u have to weave in and out of all the little chillens . 
Why the hell did our school system force me to waste time in band class for 7 yrs instead of giving me real world knowledge . i just recently figured out what the words escrow and equity mean . 
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act ; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act . \ 
-Buddha 
“Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . Happiness never decreases by being shared . ”\ 
WHYYYY AM I AWAKE ? STOP BRAIN I BEG YOU !! 
MmmMmmMMMMMM lunch at work\ 
Pho soup and spring rolls and coconut milk boba teeeeaaa . \ 
Sooo phoking delicious pho meee . \ 
This is da bomb phoshizzle . 
eerrrrr : c im so stressed , depressed , and fucked up its killing me . \ 
every new day just adds something stupider to the big fat awesome stupid pile of stupid shit . \ 
cant wait to get my house . itll all be worth it . 
Hooters with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! :) Havent been out in forever <3 
Happy Vernal Equinox :) 
I'm attempting my first painting project tonight . On a slate convas . I've never painted before ! We'll see how it goes . :) 
EEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRR RRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH 
Only four more hours of being awkwardly miserably depressed at work . c : 
Should I stay or should I go now ? \ 
If I go there will be trouble\ 
An’ if I stay it will be double 
oh yea . \ 
i had a dream last night that I < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > Bourdain all day . \ 
we went swimming and ate grapes in the pool with his camera crew , \ 
later we talked about our philosophies on love , while i packed my belongings into a suite case . \ 
then we ate Vietnamese food with chopsticks at a < PROPFEMALE > table . :) \ 
best dream in a long time <3 
Sick for days , in so many ways . \ 
I'm achin ' now , I'm achin ' now\ 
It's times like these \ 
I need relief\ 
Please show me how , show me how\ 
To get right 
SHORT HAIR or LONG HAIR !? errrr idfk ! I always think I look better w short hair ! and im sick of waiting for it to grow ! but i wanna give long a < PROPMALE > at least ... errrr . \ 
but it takes to long and i make an adorable boy :) lol\ 
THIS IS WHY I JUST SAY FUCK IT AND SHAVE MY HEAD PEOPLE ! 
Thunderhorse crawled out from under her stable today . Spring has brought my mighty steed into revelation . Tonight , we ride to the spa beneath the bridge , so that her master might receive a better haircut . :P 
For a 90lb grizzly , Kaipo is terrified of thunderstorms like a homeless kitten hiding in a ditch . 
