On Facebook for the first time . dont know what im doing . whats up ? 

started watching new season of heroes .... cant stop 
Has a final tomorrow earlier than he has ever woken up 
has a kink in his neck and can't get it out . Someone help 
its Christmas ! 
didn't realize they say F *** 137 times in district 9 til i watched it with my parents 
can't stop eating pistachios 
exciting night .... watched Planet Earth then played Monopoly 
got up in time for breakfast ! 
effed up his back 
WOOO ! NO SCHOOL ! 
any NDSU people know if the wellness center is open today ? 
my car and phone are dead :( 
Wake up in the morning feeling like tree fiddy Got my straps and my shaker , gonna hit Planet fitty Before I leave , brush my teeth with a bottle of tech Cause when I leave for the gym Ima plannin to wreck 
My mind was blown when i Discovered ........ 
NEW < PROPFEMALE > album 2/14 and new single today !!! 1 ! 
SEASON FINALE TONIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
anyone elses chat/friends online broken ? unless i actually have 0 friends online which i find hard to believe 
New < PROPFEMALE > album = awesome 
isitchristmas.com .... awesome website check it out 
renamed his iPod \The Titanic\ " so when i plug it in it says \ " The Titanic is syncing \"" 
Scratch here for todays status . ????????????????????? 
PSN is down :( 
Telephone music video .... WTF did i just watch ? 
shorts weather tomorrow ! 
is not a fan of Fargo gross tasting water 
You are now blinking , swallowing , and breathing manually . 
haha southpark is making fun of all of us 
is sick and feels like God took a shit on his soul 
lost his mind and voice today 
' s iPod and headphones both work again after going through the washer and the dryer 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
is now lifeguard recertified so if your every drowning just send me a message 
too much caffiene today 
poor cartman 
sooo hungry 
sooo hot 
why am i still up ? 
i get doe 
You're all a bunch of towels ! 
lost his pencil so he can no longer do hw 
Eminem is back ! 
No one is online . wtf friends where are you ? 
Coheed and Cambria here I come ! 
wants to go to 5 concerts in 9 days anyone down ? 
i think i might have my days and nights backward . 
just took a 007 shower 
loves french toast and bacon . 
has a crush on http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?=743264506 
< PROPFIRST > Hood Friday ! Who's going with me ? 
Epic concert 
the only thing i hate more than cleaning is moving 
42 hours 
Bismarck you are so boring 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Gray 
fell in the river tonight 
had a good cry today . 
operation terminated . 
\If my really tall dad was here he'd have you out of your underwear . \"" 
is becoming an audiophile 
1 week until Soilwork ! 
WTF ROCK 30 WTF 
just took a 6.5 hour nap 
This night will start the exile ... run ... 
misses camp 
round 3 
dead . 
Gaslight Anthem , 30 seconds to mars , coheed and cambria , bullet for my < PROPFIRST > , 3oh ! 3 .... The Hub is awesome 
:/ 
Asylum 
Got two new kitties , but Simba is gone :( RIP 
4 am we meet again 
I hear some shitty game comes out tonight 
too much homework ... 
loves NDSU Pizza Oven 
anyone else doing laundry ? 
10 episodes today , 24 to go 
I hate labs 
needs showtime 
trance . 
where is everyone ? 
fuckin crazy concert .... bumped into an ani and a < PROPFIRST > in the pit 
All I want is a place to call my own , and mend the hearts of everyone who feels alone 
NEW ATR Album !! 
FUUU HICCUPS !!!!!!!!!!! 
COHEED TONIGHT !!! 
Next Up : Four Year Strong 
whats this i hear of bullet being cancelled ? 
nothing quite like late night circuits 
just realized I was doing the wrong physics assignment 2 minutes after it was due 
Give a hoot , don't pollute ! mmkay 
should probably start my circuits hw 
Tearing a hole into another dimension is a tragedy that should have never happened , and as CEO I would like to say we're sorry 
NesTea ! 
is starting a pot of coffee at midnight 
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU college i want to go to HP7 tonight ! >:-( 
got a little hair cut off 
i hate snow 
Oh shit North Korea what have you done ... 
got my baby back , i missed you so much 
full and bored 
wants it to be Sunday night . 
the new profiles are so much fun 
dropping out next year due to : Diablo 3 , Uncharted 3 , Mass Effect 3 , Elder Scrolls 5 , Dead Space 2 , Dragon Age 2 , Deus Ex Human Revolution , Portal 2 , Crysis 2 
So excited for tonight 
i hate the letter j . that is all . 
hmm ... sleep before final or after 
roadtrips on the spur of the moment ftw 
GSL Finals ! 
Too many Steam deals !... not going to be able to resist spending all of my money much longer 
just woke up from a 6 hour nap , now wtf am i supposed to do 
has to shift his sleep schedule 7 hours tonight :( 
didn't really like The Godfather . 
Who lives in Bismarck ? I'm bored and looking for something to do . 
Which seat can I take ? 
swam today ! 
Best shower ever ! 
