ha so christmas rocked .. so did the fews days later .. then tonite .. this breaks been amazing .. ha shit maybe im just not used to being happy . 

cake 
Shades of Grey 
would anyone like to chill ? 
lost all motivation for today about 13.7 seconds ago . 
okie dokie then .. 
son .. drugs'll kill ya .. 
wishes he had woken up earlier so he could get a sausge egg and cheese croisant from < PROPFIRST > ds ... 
Fruitylicious . 
definitely thinking this has been one of my better Christmas's . 
Shes rather amazing 
Feels good to put on my boots again . 
Goodbye Columbia . 
still has things to learn ... 
God does answer prays .. he hears us , he sees us , and know our hearts better than even we do .. We just need to have fatih and trust and him . 
caterpillar : p 
ha .. learn something new everyday . 
She's the kinda girl you bring home to your mother she looks good in blue jeans even better under covers . 
Black Balloon . 
Has come to the realization that all obstacles in life can be overcome .. by jumping over them . 
I Am Legend quotes have been stuck in my head all day .. how random . 
Six ways to sunday . 
doesnt really like feeling like this . 
It's my song in the making ; how amazing she is . Every breath i've been taking is for her while i live . 
Needs to put down his guitar and go to bed ; up to late to many rhymes in my head . 
has hit the \ive majorly fucked up\ " jackpot for this year . " 
Lol and i thought it was bad before .. this sucks even worse . 
Today sucked . 
Cant wait till tomorrow . Get to see a rather amazing girl . 
two awesome(separate of course ) electric guitars for sale . A bc < PROPMALE > beast with case and an ibanez artist single cut flametop with amp and guitar pedal and case . lemme know if your interested . 
< PROPFIRST > Flippin two awesome(separate of course ) electric guitars for sale . A bc < PROPMALE > beast with case and an ibanez artist single cut flametop with amp and guitar pedal and case . lemme know if your interested . 
i left this message here for you .. but if you find it you can read it too . 
Unwind and you'll soon find a soon as and a has been and when you recollect a wrecked heck of your life look back in retrospect and then pull out the knife . 
ouch .. 
I like to be right ... but i hope that I'm wrong . 
The broken clock is a comfort , it helps me sleep tonight . Maybe it can stop tomorrow .. from stealing all my time 
its something unpredictable ; but in the end is right . 
Selling two guitars .... a b.c < PROPMALE > beast with case and a ibanez artist singlecut flametop guitar with case amp and guitar pedal .. lemme know if ur interested ... 
Sometimes .. its hard to sleep ; when my mind is open and my thoughts are deep . Sometimes .. i dont know why but i act to rash and become that guy . Sometimes .. its hard to say ; and the things that i do get said the wrong way ... im sorry babe :( .. goodnight .. and hope i didn't ruin things .. 
cant stand listening to music at the moment .. 
\Then were gonna find our best friend < PROPMALE > and were gonna give him a best friend hug ! \ " ha thanks Miss seiger .. that definitely cheered me up lol . " 
listen to the music nice and loud till you cant feel just hear . 
Made < PROPMALE > n ' Cheese for the first time today lol 
Call me < PROPFEMALE > Crocker I'm a cooking machine lol 
Would u like an apple pie with thaaat ? 
' s bedroom has been taken over :o ... i no longer seem to own my tv , ps3 or laptop lol 
Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah . Roma-Roma-ma-ah . Ga-ga-ooh-la-la . 
Ha its a giant freaking slushy outside . 
Just don`t give up i`m workin it out Please don`t give in i won`t let you down . 
Work at seven . Tomorrow < PROPMALE > city ... for now learning some new songs . 
bambalam . 
Shrek Time . 
Ten million fireflies ; Im weird cuz i hate goodbyes . 
whoa ... facebooks tripping . 
I remember every look upon your face ; The way you roll your eyes the way you taste . 
what do tigers dream of ; when they take a little tiger snooze ? 
somehow your so much happier without me now .. was i that horrible ? :/ 
running from lions . 
woke up to a great valentines day gift from a great friend .. thanks < PROPFEMALE > . 
Haha looks like its gonna be a good day afterall .. woke up to a sweet valentines day gift and going to dinner and a movie . 
You cant look beyond while your busy looking back . 
The silence isn't so bad ' Til I look at my hands and feel sad ' Cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly . -Vanilla twilight 
With eight seconds left in overtime ; shes on your mind , shes on your mind . 
Barenaked Ladies . 
New strings for my guitar and fish shaped chicken nuggets in the oven .. lol doesn't get much better than that . 
\Tigers love pepper ; they hate cinnamon \"" 
haha havent had as much fun as i had last night in a very long time . 
Is angry at facebook chat right now :D .. Its being very gay . 
Is so full right now that i cant wait to be hungry again . 
I , i'm a streetlight shining .. im a white light blinding bright burning off and on . 
Aaaand if you do not want to see me again i would understaaand . -third eye blind . 
Our hearts are hungry for a food that won't come ; we could make a feast from these crumbs . -live like your dying . 
Drama . Es no bien . 
-In everyones life you walk around feeling broken at least once ... then someone comes along and catches you off guard ... someone who changes the way u looked at the things that once tore your heart even further .. then with a dazzling smile she takes out her roll of duck-tape and superglue and puts you back together- 
The world is better with a capo on the second fret . 
This is a confusing situation .. and my impatience doesn't help much . 
Guess ill find out eventually . 
Three days . 
you should < PROPFEMALE > mcdonalds cuz they fucked you up . 
there went the day . 
Haha i think im just getting worse at this . 
Ill be there when your last breath's taken away ; in the times when theres no one listening ; in the times when we both get carried away . 
mmm making some < PROPMALE > and cheese . 
Tommorrow/later today is gonna be pretty badass :) 
Needs a roommate in a month to sublease too .. other roommate is moving out . 
Id do it all over again . Its all the same . 
looks like im single again .. 
My heart isnt working to well right now .. think imma put it on standby :/ 
\Starlight .. i will be chasing the starlight .. until the end of my life .. i don't know if its worth it anymore \"" 
haha today sucked .. then went to visit someone which instantly cheered me up .. then i went to sleep around three and didnt wake up till a half an hour ago lol .. what a day . 
I remember forgetting something once . 
Going back to O'fallon after the funeral to give < PROPFEMALE > her license back lol 
Its never enough to say i care . 
Speaking of caring .. sometimes i wonder why i do so much .. 
Love is forever .. forever is over . 
\Not wrapping this in ribbons;shouldn't have to give a reason why \"" 
\Its a joke . Its all a joke . \"" 
\If my heart was a house you'd be home . \"" 
\Just stay with me now say the word and well go . Ill be your teacher ll show you the ropes . \"" 
No mas . 
Nice guys finish last . 
\Your bacon \"" 
Treasure Planet . 
Needs more skype friends ... add meh . flippin260 .. thats me . 
Guitar time . 
\I knew when we collided you're the one I have decided who's one of my kind \"" 
Used to be lovedrunk , now he's hungover . 
\Ill doze off safe and soundly ; but ill miss your arms around me . \"" 
Always something or somebody screwing things up .. 
\You can never say never ; Why we don't know when ; Time and time again ; Younger now than we were before . \"" 
Feels obsolete . 
Psh .. whatever . Tired of people . 
Bout to fix some hamburgers .. who wants one ? 
Your almost unreal 
Can see the thunder in the distance . 
< PROPFIRST > has been hacked =D 
Finally .. progress . 
wow .. working out .. feels kinda good O.o . weird . 
\You spin my head right round . \"" 
Four months left in missouri . 
\I got a feeling \"" 
Has just eaten the cheapest tasting pizza ever .. this shit makes cicis 5 dollar pizza look gormet . 
Is now employed by the U.S Army as of today . 
I hate when im mad then when i calm down i feel stupid for being mad . 
\You came along . I wrote a song for you ; and it was called yellow . \"" 
My sore throat makes me sound like uncle kracker when i sing lol 
Totally bought avatar today . 
My throat feels like someone ripping it open from the inside out .. i hate sore throats . 
Its good to know that most of the friends i have are replaceable . 
< PROPFEMALE > and me made some chocolate pudding cake ... best cake ever .. and its all mine .. YOU cant have any . 
Psh .. no one answers back on facebook at 430 in the morning .. lame . 
Is finally get used to the lack of sleep . 
Mission accomplished . 
Has a week to find out how im going to pay the other 150 of my rent and 160 dollars electric < PROPMALE > and 75 dollar insurance and still have money for gas and food .. yay for me . 
LOL uhhh someone needs anger therapy .. geez . 
Ehh .. this is going to frustrate me just a bit :D .. yea . 
Irritable people irritate me . 
Doesn't like hearing the word impossible .. It's just unacceptable . 
Lame . 
Is tired of scammers trying to cheat my out of my guitars i have up on craiglist .. and spamming me .. like .. dont u have better things to do with your time ? 
Ignorance doesn't know itself . 
Oh the tangled webs of discord weaved throughout a life . 
I was so ready to get away . Then i found you . Now im not as sure as i was .. but theres no turning back for me .. i just hope its worth it in the end . 
Going to St < PROPFIRST > in a few hours or so . 
Id spill my heart for you . 
Prick . 
Morale is low . Lol 
Once upon a time , the end .. favorite bedtime story . 
Electric just got shut off .. nice . 
Apparantly being outgoing was outlawed by stuck up bitches and was renamed as creepy ( shrugs ) guess i didnt get the memo ... myy bad . Lol 
Bday party tommorrow night . Txt or comment for details if u wanna show up . 
In the dark , all you can see is the light . 
Things change . 
\Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars .. i could really use a wish right now \"" 
Whatever reality this is it needs to end . 
The silence from you is deafening . I miss you more than i can say . 
sighs . 
all of this time ... i just don't want it to be for nothing . 
is feeling rather nostalgic tonight . 
The night is smothering . 
Has a backup plan .. not the best one .. but itll do till someone randomly walks up to me in the street and hands me a million dollars . 
\so would i be out of line if i said ; i miss you \"" 
Rain . 
Misses waffles .. strawberry eggo waffles . 
Watching avatar ... why are they white ? 
I will never make another pudding cake .. ever . 
I dont need these memories . Ive done this before .. i can do it again . goodbye . 
:O 
I used to say when everythings gone itll make a good song ... now everythings gone and i dont feel like singing any damn songs . 
Is downloading the tarzan soundtrack .. hmmm . 
Life with u had felt like a dream .. but i guess sooner or later u always have to wake up . 
Unwind and you'll soon find a soon as and a has been and when you recollect a wrecked heck of your life look back in retrospect and then pull out the knife . Goodnight world . 
\Eight seconds left in overtime ; She's on your mind . \"" 
Simple minds . We should all just hate people because of what we hear about them from others .. good plan :) lets do it . 
\Its so much easier to run ; replacing this pain with something numb \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Manson ate my girlfriend . 
Not much matters anymore . 
\I think we should light a match and we'll hold it to wind and see how long it last \"" 
\Cause I don't want you to know where I am ; cause then you'll see my heart .. In the saddest state it's ever been \"" 
waking up just doesnt feel so good anymore . 
Trying to figure out how to be happy again . 
Your were the reason i wanted to stay . Now your the reason i want to leave . 
Meatball subs are badass . 
You sir . Are a disagonzing paradoxical oxymoron . 
Sad day . 
Wishing . Wanting . Hoping .. Waiting . 
Morning prayer with my glass of oj . Now to workout . 
Past couple of nights been getting prank calls from people in moberly and como ... like really ? do u really have nothing better to do at three in the morning ? like idk .. sleep ? 
\I dare you to move ; I dare you to lift yourself up off the floor . I dare you to move ; I dare you to move like today never happened ; Today never happened before . \"" 
\show me its ok to use my heart and not my eyes ; to navigate the darkness \"" 
13 days till i leave everything behind .. not that i have much left .. but its a new start . 
Went from being number one to nobody to u .. i need to stop caring . 
Bout to go to court .. bit nervous .. 
\You hurt because your alive\ " - < PROPFIRST > st cloud . " 
Is leaving on monday :D you may never see me again .. sad thought lol 
When everything comes to an end ; we'll dance in the ashes and start over again . 
Hello there ; the angel from my nightmare . 
Time drags on slowly .. till u reach wat u were waiting for then u look back and everything feels like it only lasted a minute . 
Hmph . 
This will be my last status update for a long time . Leaving tommorrow for the army .. soo whoever i havent really said goodbye to yet .. then goodbye :) 
Is back . And definitely better than ever . 
Just graduated basic training . 
Leavin for alabama bright and early . 
Walked around base today got to check it out its not to bad here/ 
Tornadoes . 
Boring . 
When i look at the pictures of only three months ago .. i barely even recognize the life i once had . 
\and ill state something rash ; she had the most amazing ... smile . \"" 
I generally would never call a girl a whore no matter if she was or not .. but ill make an exception for you :) .. yea you know who u are . 
Take me back to when the answers were easier ; the days lasted forever and my heart knew what to do and i knew who to be . 
Type in wheres < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on google and hit im feeling lucky . 
They say what goes up must come down ; but dont let me fall . 
\PT makes you sexy \"" 
Coming home for break in a few weeks .. cant friggin wait . 
Playing cadence on guitar ? hell yes . 
I get along with everyone ; but i dont like many people . 
One more week and im home . 
Why do i always have to put ripples in perfectly still water ? 
Home . 
Go away . 
And thats how the cookie crumbles . 
To everyone that said < PROPFEMALE > christmas to me .. thank u . my phones broke so i couldnt answer u back . 
\if i had to choose between her or the sun ; id be one nocturnal son of a gun \"" 
Iron and Wine . 
The place that your at is only ever were u are . 
If my heart was a compass you'd be north . 
I was born a Gemini . So thats what ill always be . The new kids born after this new sign crap can be taurus's . but me , im sticking with Gemini . 
Sleep time . Today sucked . 
I am still painting flowers for you . 
To the few of you left i still talk to i wont be reachable monday through friday . Going out to the field all week . 
