Needs more hours in the day .... Will respnod to everyone soon !! :) 

well having problems uploading photos ... I will try again later ..... 
ok I am done for the night ... Need sleep ... 
Hope everyone has sweet dreams .. :) 
Just wanted to say thanks for all the Happy Birthday wishes . First time I have been on here since then . 
It's cold , raining and everything is flooded . Good day to read a book . 
So sick of the rain and the cold !! I want to fly south for the winter ... LOL 
Blame < PROPFEMALE > for the water fight she started it ... LOL 
Well there went my 5 free minutes for today .. LOL Hope eveyone is doing good . Catch up more soon . :) 
Is trying to stay awake a bit longer ... so I can see < PROPFIRST > before I go to bed . So I can sleep for hopefully a few hours before I have to wake up and give tylenol to the sick kid . Then get back up to take the well kid to school . Going to be one of those looong short nights ... 
Getting ready to go out to dinner with the kids to celebrate awsome report cards !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > just asked me if there was TV when I was a kid .... LOL How the old does he think I am .?!.. LOL 
Has enjoyed a wonder full weekend !! Went by to fast !!! 
Is having a girly day with my mom . First hair , then lunch . Anything to get out of this rainy day ... week .. month .. LOL funk . 
I had a really good day yesterday ! Now if we could only add some sunshine today !! 
Gotta go get the kids soon . That's when the real work begins ... homework .. dinner .. showers .. time with kids .. time with < PROPFIRST > ... Hope everybody has a great evening ! 
Well it's a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Monday !! One kids home sick .. or so she says .. LOL Still could use some sleep but all in all a good day . :) 
Have to drive to Kingshighway today .... I hate 64 traffic ... uhg But at least it's not raining . :) 
Whether you believe you can do something or believe you can't ..... you are right ... < PROPFIRST > Ford 
Is getting ready to take < PROPFIRST > to his first dance ... WOW where has the time gone ... 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT - If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head ( no nasty or incriminating stuff , folks , no matter how relevant ! ) . When you are finished , post this paragragh on your own status ; ... you'll be suprised what people remember about you . (( Lets see how many ppl read my status )) 
is so having one of those days . First < PROPFIRST > texts from work last night saying he has to work a double . Which means he didn't get off work till this morning . There goes are < PROPFEMALE > family day . And today was his only day off to boot . He has to go in on days tomorrow . This will so screw up his sleep .. Poor sweetie !! Now this morning I get up and the monitor on my desktop has stop working .. UHG 
Needs just a few more hours in the day to get everything done .. LOL :) 
Has anyone ever noticed that computer time is not real time .... Well enough on here . Now for a shower , then laundry , finish moving my lliving room around .... on and on . On the bright side < PROPFIRST > working that double last weekend earned him the whole weekend off !! YEA !! Kids will be gone part of Saturday too . So we get us time and Family time !! :) 
Why does time always creep by when you want it to go fast , and fly by when you want it to go slow ??... LOL 
Busy , busy , busy ... enjoying < PROPFIRST>'s vacation ! 
Vacation went by WAY to fast !! I can't believe it's Wendsday .... literaly !!!! 
Wonder's where the time has gone ????? 
Hopes everyone has a great New Year !! Well I just used my five free minutes for the next two weeks .. lol Hope eveybody is doing good ! 
wants to to go south for the winter !!! 
Needs more hours in the day ... But then I would just fill them with more stuff . Time to get back to basics and balance . Cut what should be cut and enjoy more of what should be enjoyed . 
Getting ready to take the Birthday Girl out to dinner !! Just me and kids night . :) Can't believe my baby is 7 . 
I hate basements and water !!!!!! 
TGIF !!! First 6 inches water in finished part of basement Monday ... Flat tire Tuesday Morn ... throw in a sick day for a kid to boot . So the kids and I are going out to have a good time tonight !!! Now it would just be nice if I could see my hubby too ... work sucks ! 
Well after a long week ... Followed a wonderful weekend . < PROPFIRST > went to work Sat . got the kids off to there dad's about an hour later . I sat down to fold socks and my doorbell rang .. Standing at my door was my husband with gifts and flowers . :) This was the first Saturday he didn't have to work in over a year !! He had known since Thursday and managed to keep in a secret and surpise me !! 
Today Lysol is my best friend ... LOL < PROPFIRST > is home with pink eye in both eye's . 
Feeling restless . Trying to figure out what to do tomorrow . Want to make the most of it before the spring rains start .... 
Have to take the puppy to the vet . Then going hiking and enjoy this sun shiny day !! :) 
Had a great day playing in the sun yesterday !! Nothing like the first hike of the year to show you how really out of shape you are . LOL Now it's time to get back to work ... outside in the sun ... :) 
I fought and I lost .... The cold wins . :( I shall make way to the couch in a sudafed haze and watch medium .... 
Still fighting this cold . I WILL WIN ! LOL Well back to the kitchen baking muffins , cookies and goodies today . :) Hope everybody has a great day . 
Is so sick of being sick ! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!! 
So happy that I am starting to feel better and < PROPFIRST > and the kids didn't get my cold !!! :) 
Hope everybody had a great weekend ! I have to take a minute to brag . :) Friday was report card day ... Both of my sweetie's brought home A's and B's and more A's than B's . I am so proud of both of them !!!!!! 
Kids are settled in ... for now . LOL Off I go to fix a big cup of hot tea and read what trouble < PROPMALE > Dresden has gotten himself into this time . :) 
Time to start round two of today . Pick up the kids , homework , dinner and try to get a little more done in the yard before the rain starts ..... 
Well off to finish Easter shopping while the kidds are at school . Enjoy the sunshine everybody !!! 
Kids spring break started today ... and I still woke up before the kids .. uhg . Well at least it is going to be a great day ! Now off to clean house , do laundry , get my workout in , take < PROPFIRST > to the Dr. .. Guess spring break is only for the kids . :) LOL Hope everybody enjoys the beautiful day !!! 
Whether you think you ca or you can't , your right . 
Whether you think you can or you can't , your right . 
Had a great weekend . We started Friday taking the kids geo caching and hiking ... for 7 hours .. Then took Summer home sat .... Stopped of in Springfield , IL on the way home and did some shopping . Spent way to much money at Barnes and < PROPMALE > . :) So after 7 hours of hiking then 6 hours of driving .... Today we shall spend on the couch .. :) 
Well ... Didn't get to spend Sunday on the couch .... DId more shopping , mowing , planting ... etc .... No sitting today either . Cleaned out the car , finished planting flowers , cleaned up mess on porch from planting flowers . :) Now on to my house the looks like a bomb went off ... uhg :( I wanna go back outside ! 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s no ? ??? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? no ? ? I ,,,, ??? u ? ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? p ?? o ? ??? ?? ? oo ? ? ? u ???? s ? 
Now it is time to return to my regularly scheduled program ...... 
Well time to call it a night . < PROPFIRST > is giving me that are you ever going to get off the computer look ... LOL Night all ... 
Buddha ( pup ) ate my bosai tree . :( Poor little tree never hurt nobody . It had survied the winter , my poor water skills . Only to be eaten by a buddha ... can't even find a single green piece .... :( 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl , 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child .... what would you want people to do ? It doesn't matter how far away you live . Please repost ! 
OK , So I have totaly neglected my FB for months . Life has been interesting .. to say the least . Our oldest daughter went through a difficult time . ( She is doing fine now . :) ) Which in turn kicked off a difficult time for < PROPFIRST > and I . ( We are doing fine now too . :) ) 
The plan is family trip to Sixflags tomorrow . The reality is baby girl's fever isn't breaking . Here is to antibiotics and motrin come on and do your thing ..... 
Well sixflags was a blast ! < PROPFIRST > is doing great ! The kids are at < PROPFIRST>'s parents for a few days . :) But < PROPFIRST > has to work till the day we pick them up . :( Guess you can't win them all . Time for a good book .... :) 
I am sooo excited !! Two days till we leave for vacation . One whole week on the lake boating , sking , and scuba diving . It is going to be so nice to spend a week with < PROPFIRST > and the kids . :) 
Well heading to bed to get a good nights rest so I can spend the day packing for our vacation . :) 
Well we are officaly on vacation and loving every minute . :) We have went < PROPMALE > diving , tubeing and boating . Just finished lunch spending a little bit of time in the a/c before we head back out to the boat . 
And I screamed all the way down . :) 
Home from vacation . A wonderful week spent on Norfork Lake in Arkansas . We cliffed dived , skied , tubed , scuba dived and swam until we were all prunes . A great week all in all ! :) Now I am ready to fall down dead .... :) 
I give , cold or whatever it is wins . I spending today getting some rest . Four days coughing up my lungs and not sleeping has taken it's tole . At least I didn't get sick until the day we came home from vacation . :) 
Okay , enough is enough !!! I still can't get rid of this cold . I woke up this morning with the skin around one eye all red .. now it itches . It would seem I now have poisen < PROPFEMALE > all over my face and right in the corner of my eye too . :( And to top it off found out < PROPFIRST > is going back on shift work . $%&*^%$## 
So I finaly gave up and went to the Doc . The cold just wasn't getting better and can't remember the last time I slept through the night without hacking my lungs out . Also the poisen < PROPFEMALE > was covering my whole face and my right eye was so swollen I could see it without a mirror . So now I am on a steroid . Suppose to help with the breathing and the poisen . So now I feel like crap and can't sit still . LOL 
I think it's time for an evening swim . Now should I let the kids go too or not ????? :) 
Well , last day as a whole family . :( Summer bug goes back to her mom's tomorrow . Been a great summer though . Topped it off yesterday with a trip to St. < PROPFIRST > City Museum . Stayed till almost one in the morning . Totaly exhausted and looking forward to some quiet time when the kids go to there Dad's for a whole day . :) 
Well here comes the rain . Hope the worst of this passes before we have to leave . I hate driving in a down pour . 
Okay , time to really get down to buisness ..... 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer ... Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
I always wanted my life to be interesting . Guess I should have been more specific on the how ... LOL 
Well football season has begun . < PROPFIRST > has practice 3 days a week an hour and half to two hours every tues . wens . and thurs . Then when games begin practice two days a week . We will have games every sat at 12 from Aug . 14th till Oct . 9th . Going to be busy .... 
Gotta go clean the pool and filter . Going to have extra kids this weekend . 
wonders if she can get away with running around hitting people with sticks and yelling \it doesn't matter its in the past \"" 
Home from football practice , yummy taco < PROPFEMALE > , now to cool off in the pool . :) Ok maybe not cool off cause it is as warm as a bath tub . :( 
It seems like I've been here before ;\ 
I can't remember when ;\ 
But I have this funny feeling ;\ 
That we'll all be together again . \ 
No straight lines make up my life ;\ 
And all my roads have bends ;\ 
There's no clear-cut beginnings ;\ 
And so far no dead-ends ...... < PROPMALE > Chapin 
I found you a thousand times ;\ 
I guess you done the same ;\ 
But then we lose each other ;\ 
It's like a children's game ;\ 
\ 
As I find you here again ;\ 
A thought runs through my mind ;\ 
Our love is like a circle ;\ 
Let's go ' round one more time ... < PROPMALE > Chapin 
Going shopping with Mom and the kids . Then hopefully dinner at < PROPFIRST>'s rootbeer stand . :) 
First the good news . We get to have Summer for Labor day weekend !!! Now the bad news . It looks like after 19 years with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > will no longer have a job there within 5 years or less ...... 
The hamster that runs my brain is running so fast , my wheel is starting to make that squeaky noise . Listen there it is again ..... 
WOW The summer just flew by ! Can't believe the kids are starting school today . Only one hour for the first day . Really not sure why they do that . Especialy considering we had open house last night ... Oh well . Well Lexi boo is a 2nd , < PROPFIRST > bear is in 5th . Summer bug started 6th today too . WOW the time flies by ! Can't believe at the end of this year are kids will be 13 , 11 and 7 . Where did life go !?!? 
Thank you everybody for the happy birthday wishes !!!! You made my day !!!!! :D 
It's football time !!! Good luck boys !!!! 
So did you say it\ 
Did you mean it\ 
Did you lay it on the line , did you make it count\ 
Did you look ‘em in the eye & did they feel it\ 
Did you say in time\ 
Did you say out loud\ 
Cause if you did Hun\ 
Then you lived some\ 
And that feeling inside\ 
It’s called satisfied\ 
< PROPFIRST > \ Satisfied \"" 
? I've carried a baby within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed boo boos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but ... when I look in the mirror I see a mom , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mom . ? 
The winds of change are blowing . \ 
\ 
I know not what they bring . \ 
They gather me up and sweep me along there way\ 
Like the fallen leaves apon the ground . \ 
Letting go of my grounds purchase\ 
and spread my wings and fly\ 
The wind whips me across the river , the valley and the glenn\ 
I know not where I'm going\ 
But it's sure not where I've been . \ 
Jen2008 
............... Your playing small does not serve the world . There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you . We are all meant to shine , as children do . It's not just in some of us ; it's in everyone . And as we let our own light shine , we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same . ..... 
......... As we are liberated from our own fear , our presence automatically liberates others . \\ 
“Love is the flower of life , and blossoms unexpectedly and without law , and must be plucked where it is found , and enjoyed for the brief hour of its duration . ”\ 
D.H. < PROPFIRST > quote 
“We don't exist unless we are deeply and sensually in touch with that which can be touched but not known . ”\ 
D.H. < PROPFIRST > 
“And down his mouth comes to my mouth ! and down His bright dark eyes come over me , like a hood Upon my mind ! his lips meet mine , and a flood Of sweet fire sweeps across me , so I drown Against him , die , and find death good”\ 
D.H. < PROPFIRST > 
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself . A small bird will drop frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Shared joy is increased , shared pain is lessened . \ 
Spider Robinson 
So PROUD of my kids !! Midterms came home Friday both the kids brought home straight A's!!! WHOOO HOOO !!!! I love you sweetie's! :D 
Hey everybody I need help !! Need to buy a new phone . A touch screen is a must . This sucker has to be sealed as much as possible . I killed my samsung blackjack by getting stuff down in the keyboard . I text ALOT ! Drop my phones constantly , must be tough ! Don't need internet on the phone right now but may in the future . What do you suggest ? 
How to impress a woman : compliment her , kiss her , love her , tease he , protect her , listen to her , support her , etc . How to impress a man : show up naked , bring beer . 
Eminem- Love The Way You Lie \ 
lyrics ............. 
Well ... Sunday < PROPFIRST > will go vote on contract . Will they accept or will we all have no jobs ?!?! It has to be excepted by all five bargining units ( unions ) . Will be glad when we know what's going to happen . The stress of the unknown is a killer ..... 
Well the vote is in . The rejected the proposal 700 to 300 . Looks like there moving to Mississippi . OH BOY ... Life is about to get really interesting . 
The good news is we wont be moving to Mississippi . The bad news is it's because the company isnt transfering anyone . Only the jobs are moving to Mississippi . As far as we know the move will start sometime in mid 2012 . The employee's will be offered nothing ..... So we will still be here in IL . Just looking for employment ..... 
I think it's going to be a lazy day . Whatever stomach thing is going around .... I got it ..... :( Blah 
What the heck happened ?!?!? I have an entire album of pics that is now empty ??? :( 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only one : to get better . I know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . ( For < PROPFEMALE > , Grandma B , Grandpa P , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > gone but never forgotten . < PROPFEMALE > who fought like a GIRL and won ! Myself for way to close of a call . ) 
Had a really good day ! First we have all the kids this weekend ! Summer is almost as tall as I am now . Report card day , < PROPFIRST > has 4 A's and 1 B , < PROPFIRST > has 2 A's and 1 B+ ! Picked out cool Halloween costumes . Kids watched there first scary movie House II . 
Here's to another good day !! Pumpkin carving , scary movies , bonfires and fall colors . Loving my life ! 
mumble grumble grrr ... trying to figure out who to host our business website through ... ??? Any suggestions ???? 
Today our oldest turns 13 . WOW !! Teenagers in the house for the next 12 years ...... OH GOD . Wish us luck . :) 
< PROPFIRST > says , \I spy with my little eye 
.... and now I shall fly away ..... 
Waiting for my hubby to get home from work . I HATE HIM DRIVING IN THIS WEATHER !!!! :( 
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas !! 
You can ask me one question ( TO MY IN-BOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , dirty or wrong it is . No catch . But I dare you to post this on your status too ... \ 
What can I say ... it said dare .. LOL 
Going to be a walking Zombie today . First can't fall asleep till 2am . Baby girl wakes up at 3am because of a nightmare . Next < PROPMALE > wakes up at 4am because he has really bad growing pains in his legs . 5am kids argue over blankets because there all in my bed . Then 7 am wake up for the first day back to school . Getting a full nights sleep PRICELESS ... 
ok , I love my kids . I have enjoyed this EXTREMELY long Christmas break . Snow days then Two weeks off for Christmas then few days back then more snow days . But Wholy Crap !! They are bouncing off the walls as I type . They HAVE to go back to school tomorrow !!!!!!!!! 
Kids are back to school . House is quiet . Going to go soak in a hot bath and pretend I am on some warm tropical beach for awhile . Then back to real life ... :( 
:( I think I might of killed my car . 
Hey everybody !! All around my house is flat . I need to find a good place to take the kids Sledding . Any suggestions ?!?!? 
Sitting here waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get off work . I hate him driving in this .... 
