had a sweet weekend 

is hungry !! cant wait till dinner 
just spent about 3 hours holding a sleeping baby 
Utah is friggin hot !!!!! 
is back home 
' s dad finally put him on the insurance so he can actually use his license ! 
had to get up at 6:30 this morning ! thats like the first time all summer 
wants to go back to bed 
is friggin dying !! I hate the heat !! 
its all about the Roosevelts !! 
Nebraska's water tastes kinda weird 
went to < PROPFEMALE>'s and had a worker actually get mad at me for asking for the frosty i ordered and paid for 
met a friggin amazing girl at EFY ! too bad she lives in New friggin York ..... :( 
is finally on his way home ... which STINKS !!!!! it really means EFY is over ! 
' s flight got delayed 2 hours ! so he missed his connecting flight and is now stuck in Albuquerque !! 
is finally home ! i love Washington ! too bad its so far from NY .... 
really wants to listen to some music 
wants to go back to efy 
back from high adventure 
is sore 
just had a baby spit up on him 
' s head is gonna explode 
a true friend laughs at you , then helps you up 
today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday 
just had another nap ! i feel so lazy ..... 
This used to be a funhouse . but now its full of evil clowns 
pain hurts , but only for a minute . life is short so go on and live it , cuz the chicks dig it 
waking up at 4:00 am pretty much sucks 
bored out of my skull !!!! 
is stoked for a pretty much no hw weeekend 
is pumped for this weekend !! 
Homecoming was hecka tight !!! 
just did a 50-mile bike ride . in the rain . and cold . funnest time of my life not 
could really use a bed right about now 
wants to know why his parents are such Halo Nazis 
pumped for no school tomorrow 
only has college one day tomorrow ! sick 
school tomorrow . crap . 
3 finals then im done till january !!! 
and then there were 2 
DONE !! 
why are people now suddenly pokemon ? did i miss a memo or somethin ? 
it doesn't really even feel like christmas ... maybe snow would help 
sick night 
< PROPFEMALE > Kaha -- Forever Strong 
\Don't let ' em say you ain't beautiful They can all suck it . Just stay true to you \"" 
cant lift my arms 
\All I know time is a valuable thing watch it fly by as the pendulum swings watch it count down to the end of the day the clock ticks life away \"" 
pretty funny last night 
just got home from work . thats weird to say ... 
wouldn't it be sick to come home and NOT have homework ? 
kinda wish i could see in black & white ... 
Chillin with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . just TP'd < PROPFIRST > & Lyndze's room ! shhhh !!! ;) 
started fun then turned not so fun ( kinda suckish actually ) 
wants the gym 
screw that 
that felt good 
just cleaned up Hwy 9 . ur welcome 
helpful hint : dont start reading a book 2 days before you're supposed to have it finished 
\I'm hunting wabbits\ " - < PROPFIRST > Fudd " 
so imagine you were to say , \infectious diseases have no boundaries and can cross between nations easily . \ " that would mean the same thing as \ " diseases can cross borders . \ " right ? " 
pretty sick day son 
\It's rabbit season !! \ " -Daffy Duck " 
Sauna = awesome ( and sweat ) 
no homework ... i feel so lost and confused ..... 
\I will try to find my place in the diary of Jane \"" 
Does anyone wanna go on Silent Library with me ? 
dang son 
You're an idiot . not gonna lie 
< PROPMALE > i coulda beat you ! i almost did too ! your just lucky it was dark ! 
Imma goin to Canada ! i need me a leaf ... 
awesome 
riddle me this : why does my computer suck so bad ?! 
I'm gonna sleep cause I don't have class !! 
YA ! it's done ! 
just washed my car . its so clean now 
last week of quarter son !! 
baseball starts to-morrow !!!! so stoked !! 
baseball is super sick son ! back with all my peeps on the team 
is now an Eagle Scout . no big deal 
I vote all schools have the same spring break 
peopleofwalmart.com go there . so funny 
My shoulder kills right now 
22-7 . thats whats up 
baseball game tomorrow . should be pitching . pumped !! 
Finger is all tore up 
is gonna be in the new sno-isle medical assisting movie ! thats whats up ! 
That was a close one 
knew those suits were a good idea !! 
Good one bus 
Eagle Scout Court of Honor . Friday at 6:30 at the Stake Center . Be There ! 
that dance last night was totally wicked , i wish we'd taped it !! 
that dance last night was totally wicked , i wish we'd taped it !! Mormon Prom was too legit to quit ! Limo+Buca di Beppo+dance+pretty lady = AWESOME !!!! 
that game was kind of a joke 
whose got a game tomorrow ?? The Rojos do ! 
I do believe the Rojos are 12-0 now 
K so all you peeps that friended that House Lake Stevens ( especially the lds peeps ) , did you actually go to that < PROPFEMALE > ? or just friend it cause it said house lake stevens ? just wondering .... 
Good luck in Japan < PROPMALE > !! 
Double Down = party in my mouth !! 
freaking close game !!!! 
Note to self : don't wear anything that has snap buttons around < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > haha 
Rojos finished out the season UNDEFEATED !!!!! No big deal . But now the tourney starts ..... 
Is graduating tomorrow ! that's what's up ! 
fun day even if i didn't get to go to youth conference 
Just got hit by a tornado named < PROPFIRST > 
Great Birthday !! Cardio X , movie ;) and gaggle/dodge ball !! Thanks for all the bday wishes everybody !!! 
freaking amazing week !!!! udontevnno !! Love all of you FOG's!!! 
ok so all of you Utah homies listen up ! There is a pageant happening at the Manti < PROPFEMALE > this coming week and everyone should go on Thursday June 24th ! its free admission and starts at 9:30 PM . Go to www.mormonmiracle.org for more infomation 
ok so all of you Utah homies listen up ! There is a pageant happening at the Manti < PROPFEMALE > this coming week and everyone should go on Wednesday June 23rd ! its free admission and starts at 9:30 PM . Go to www.mormonmiracle.org for more infomation 
ok so all of you Utah homies listen up ! There is a pageant happening at the Manti < PROPFEMALE > this coming week and everyone should go on Thursday June 24th ! ( sorry it changed again ) its free admission and starts at 9:30 PM . Go to www.mormonmiracle.org for more infomation 
Utah was hecka fun ! freaking hot though ! 
climbed Mt . Pilchuck today . Lots of snow . came home soaked . sick views 
ok what guy played house as a kid ?? i mean WITHOUT girls ?? because i saw it today ... 
duuuuuude EFY was too legit !!! 
Cirque Du Soleil = CRAAAAAZY !!!! 
Is craving some Nacho Libre , too bad somebody stole it 
Last night < PROPFIRST > was a great cat-herder ! hahaha 
< PROPMALE > Armstrong is my new hero 
Utah here I come ! Then a lil Spokane action ( I can't let Utah have all the fun ) 
Lagoon was AWESOME !!! 
When you know friends will be there for a while , you start to take them for granted . But when you only have a short time with them , that's when you realize the impact they have on you and how much you love them and never want to leave their side . When you realize you would do anything for them , because they do everything for you . That's when you realize .... you are nothing without them . 
Best dance ever !! Period . 
That kickball game was a joke 
I think I'll go catch some butterflies ... 
Nothing like power washing in the rain 
K so if anybody gets anything weird from me ( namely a video link via Chat ) it's NOT me ! I got hacked somehow 
K so if anybody gets anything weird from me ( namely a video link via Chat ) it's NOT me ! I got hacked somehow ... DONT OPEN THE LINK !!! 
I hate < PROPFIRST > right now ! Medical Assisting is pretty much the sickest class in the world ! I say speed up time to where a time machine has been invented . Then i can go back to last year 
Jamba Juice and Pirate's Booty .... fantastic purchase !! 
Imaginiff ..... 
Gaggle Ball ! 7pm at the Lake Stevens Church Building ! Be There !! 
Fun times gagglin it up ! 
Point 
Gaggle-boomboom-andwhateverelsewemightplay-night !!! 7pm at the Lake \ 
Stevens Church building . Be there or be lame ! your choice 
If you can come to Gaggle tonight let me know ( 7pm at the Lake Stevens Church ) . Otherwise we might cancel it for tonight 
No Gaggle tonight 
M-M-M-MA-MA-MAMA-MARYSVILLE STAKE !!!!!!!! 
\It's easier to be righteous 100% of the time than it is to be 98% of the time \"" 
WHAT ARE YOU DOING OUT HERE < PROPFIRST > ??!! 
I Wanna Be a Baller 
Glow Stick Ultimate Frisbee folks !! 7pm at the Lake Stevens church building ! be there ! 
haha ... rocks .... 
\Lets get down to the nitty gritty .... \"" 
It's gone !!!! My only wisdom tooth and they stole it from me !! 
Week 9 baby !! We're gettin close ! 
Glow in the dark Ultimate Frisbee tonight ! Lake Stevens Church Building at 7 pm ! Come and Play !! 
No more school for me !! 
Christmas in Utah baby !! 
I'm liking these 3 day weekends I got going this quarter 
Glow Ultimate Frisbee tonight !! Come and play ! ( Don't worry you will warm up real quick ! ) 
\I wouldn't put a thief in my mouth to steal my brains \"-- True Grit ( the original at least ) " 
I like how when you type \facebook\ " as one word facebook says it's spelled wrong " 
just ate a delicious cookie ! 
had a most excellent evening !! 
Accepted to BYU Provo ! Fo Shodie ! 
Ahh yes , the Speeider ... 
Awesome Saturday ! Got some new kicks and now I can only wear one shoe out of the pair . Broke my stupid ankle . Retarded ! 
Had surgery on my ankle today . They put a metal plate on my fibula and a screw through both bones to hold them together . I am not a happy camper in this happy camper's camp ! 
Last night was awesome !! :) looks like it will be just me and my pain drugs tonight though . 
One good thing about a broken ankle , Disabled Parking Pass ! 
Cowzones ! Deliciously fantastic ! 
I love the rain ... screw the sun !! 
I gots the bestest parents in the whole worlds ! 
Just watched the Social Network . Facebook will never be the same ... 
Frick ! I got hacked and I didn't even mean to click the button ! dumb !! 
Boot . 
Dear men , \ 
I would strongly advise all of you to ask a young lady to prom . The girl you ask can be that girl you really want to go out with or just a friend you will have fun with . Many girls would love a date to prom but have not been asked . So man up and ask a girl out ! Thank you , that is all . 
Uno mas 
Mockingjay ? Dumb book . 
Today is a most excellent day 
Who just made cookies with his mom and made a cake with the leftover batter ? This guy . 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes and whatnot !! 
Boss weekend !! Kung Fu Panda 2 , Youth Conference and Epicenter baby ! 
You wanna hear a super dumb idea ? \If people have already been on trek we're not going to let them go again this year . \ " Pretty sure there are only like 7 people that couldn't go because of this rule . Why not just let 7 more people go ? " 
\I'm gonna get married and be a < PROPFEMALE > on trek\ " - < PROPFIRST > Follett ( aka stud of the world)\ 
Goal in life : have an ocelot as a pet . and a tiger . 
Got my certificate in the mail that says I received my Associates Degree . No big deal . 
What have you done lately ? I climbed the second tallest mountain in Washington . 12,000 feet . 
Had nose surgery last Wednesday and got the plastic stints pulled out today . That was the most terrible moment of my life . They we HUGE ! Also , I broke my ankle in March . I just got the big screw in my ankle out today ( well half of it ) . And yes , you know I kept the screw . And watched the surgery . 
You're not hardcore , unless you live hardcore ! And the legend of the rent was way hardcore !! 
Well my dear friends , its been real . We've had some fun times , especially the last 10 or so months , but now it is time for me to start a new adventure . Now I am off . I shall miss you all dearly . Off into the wild blue yonder ... 
College . 
Goodnight world . Tomorrow I truly begin college 
This morning the Cannon Center was out of milk , so what did I do ? Put chocolate milk on my Cap'n Crunch 
Squeeze the egg !! 
I just came to say hello . Hello ! 
Whaaat ? BYU vs Utah tickets ?! You know it ! 
My favorite is when I'm reading a textbook and the pictures take up full pages 
Short recap ? 2 minutes left , BYU gains 90 yards , 15 seconds left on the clock , touchdown . We win 27-24 . It's whateva . 
Anybody hiking to light the Y tomorrow ? 
Yea it snowed in the mountains . All the way down to the Y . 
True Blue . 
What be troublin ' ye ? ( That's pirate speak for \What's on your mind ? \")" 
\Wow . This guy's insane . \ " \ 
There is a difference between \your\ " and \ " you're\ " . Look it up . Thanks . " 
