Visit my farm in farmville . It's impressive . But shows how much time I have to kill . 

I'm finally back on the web ! Been gone for awhile . 
Living in a motel is soooo boring ! But at least it's quiet ; no arguing . 
Went to see my boys yesterday . Everything was going so well , the wife even asked me to move back in . But by the end of the night , her real feelings came out . So , back to the motel again . 
Wife and I made up . Went to the \movies\ " last night . And what a great movie it was ! Hopefully things will stay this way . " 
Ever wake up on a Sunday and have no idea what to do with yourself ? That's me this morning . Have no clue what I'm gonna do today . 
Strike that last comment . I know what I'm doing today ! My son's baseball team won the district championship ! We are having a party for them today ! What was I thinking ? 
Saw this saying and love it , but can't remember who said it . \The service we render to others is the rent we pay for our room on Earth . \ " Some words to think about . " 
I'm wearing my son's shoes ! He's 14 . If turning 40 didn't make me feel old , this does ! 
Farkle sucks ! I'm not playing it anymore ! 
Just back from baseball practice . Boy do I have my work cut out for me with this team . 
We were going to have a baseball game today , but no one worked on the field . So it's gonna be a field day . Boys can't play on a ragged field . 
First ballgame today . My boys beat themselves . We lost 11-1 , but they only had 1 earned . The other 10 runs came from errors . Bad first game ... 
Well , my boys lost another baseball game tonight ; 5-3 . Not as bad as Saturday's lost by 10 , but just as bad because they lost due to their own errors again . Stop the errors and we might start winning . 
My boys finally won a ballgame today . 6-1 ! They were awesome . 
Just got turned on to Geocaching . If you don't know what that is , check it out at geocaching.com . Lots of fun ! 
A great first day of caching . Hunted for 7 caches , found 5 . Each of my boys found one , even 5 y.o. < PROPFIRST > ( we pointed to the tree ) . I didn't personally find a cache , but it was a great day with my boys . Will be doing this again ! 
Another great evening of caching . Found six of seven . One at 9:30 by the light of the GPS . I think I'm addicted ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s baseball team won another game today ; 14-4 . 
Been in the 90's every day here . In October ! Love Florida ! 
Just found a cache without using a GPS . Think I'm getting the < PROPFEMALE > of this ! 
Need a GPS . Anyone have one to sell ; cheap ? 
God , Help us ! There are Christmas commercials on TV already . 
It is not easy to find happiness within ourselves , but it is not possible to find it elsewhere . Not sure who said it , but it's perfect ! 
Watching Ghost Hunters again . Don't know why I bother . I've seen 30 ? shows and have yet to see ANYTHING credible . 
\It's Saturday night and I ain't got nobody\ " .... Just a song that came into my head . " 
Thanksgiving Day tomorrow in a motel room . Should be a great day ! Probably sleep a lot . 
Went to a friend's for Turkey . I have never had Thanksgiving dinner made by an Italian grandmother . Oh my GOD I hurt ! Raviolis to start . Then Turkey , taters , stuffing , corn , peas , turnips , yams , spinach , broccoli , cauliflower and carrots in cheese sauce , sauteed mushrooms , little onions in sauce , and rolls with butter . 
I have to make a delivery to Islesworth tomorrow . May be I'll get a photo of Tiger and sell it for thousands !! 
Oh what fun it is to ride ... home on a bike , four < PROPMALE > from work , in the damn rain ! 
For those who read my post about a local car dealership who promises EVERYBODY rides , but declined me , here is the latest email from them : Dear < PROPFIRST > Hiller , THIS IS YOUR LAST < PROPMALE > TO SAVE THOUSANDS ON YOUR NEXT HYUNDAI ! If you are in the market for a new Hyundai Sonata or Sante < PROPFEMALE > please do not wait until it's too late . The best deals are being made right now ! And people don't trust car salesmen ? Wonder why ? 
Two long three day weekends coming up with nothing to do and no where to go . 
No gifts , no cards , no phone calls today . Call me Scrooge , but Christmas sucks ! 
My wife and kids have been gone for 7 weeks now . Been okay until now . Just broke down and cried like a baby . Not like me at all . Haven't cried in years . Guess you can't control your feelings no matter how hard you try . 
Glad to be back at work today . Three day weekend in a small rooms does things to your head . And there is another one coming up . 
Just home from work with three days off ahead of me . Time to settle in for a long winter's Natty ! ( Several of them ) 
New Years day and it's 70 degrees . I love Florida ! 
Good thing I'm not in Michigan with my family right now . I'd be goind to jail tonight ! My 12 year old just called and said his uncle hit him . I swear I'd be in jail if I was there . 
< PROPFIRST > started practicing for baseball season . Hate that I can't be there . Been his coach for four years . Brought him to the point of being one of the best pitcher's in his league . At 14 thows 76 MPH , with a great curve and a change up that will fool the best batter . Hoping somehow I can talk to his new coach . 
Another season of American Idol started . Can't believe it's so popular . A show that descriminates is the hottest show on TV ? Like there aren't any singers today over 28 that are any good ? And who has an Idol under 28 ? Totally stupid ! 
\Wishing you were someone else is a waste of the person you are\ " . - Unknown " 
Watching \The Lake House\ " again . Love the movie . It's a total chick flick ! But I like it . " 
Finally back into the 70's! Two weeks in the 30's was enough . Feeling like Florida again . 
Remember : \When you blame and criticize others you are avoiding a truth about yourself \"." 
My dad is going to be in Lakeland , Fl this weekend . About one hour away . I haven't seen him in two years . I don't have a car and he's flying down . I can't let another year pass without seeing him , but neither of us have a vehicle . Anyone want to rent me a car ? 
The only way to find the limits of what's possible is to go beyond them into the impossible . 
Looks like I won't be seeing my dad this weekend . This sucks ! He's only an hour away and I have no way to get there . He's there til next Saturday . Hoping W-2 comes this week . 
May we never let the things we can't have , or don't have , or shouldn't have , spoil our enjoyment of the things we do have and can have . As we value our happiness let us not forget it , for one of the greatest lessons in life is learning to be happy without the things we cannot or should not have . - < PROPFIRST > L . Evans 
Well , Favre just blew a < PROPMALE > at a win to take it to overtime . But what do you expect from a Packer ? 
Love tax time ! Now may be I can get a car and quit biking to work . Just kills me I have to give half to the woman who put me in this situation . Well , I don't HAVE to . But it's the right thing to do . After all , she has to take care of my boys . 
Never mind the previous statement about tax money and getting a car . That's not going to happen . If there is a God , he hates me . I won't go into details , but the money is gone and I didn't spend it . Just when I thought things were looking up ... 
Saw a funny shirt yesterday . Great for us guys who are getting older . It read , \I'm not losing my hair . I'm getting more head . \ " Love it ! " 
I just talked to my aunt for the first time in 20 years ! God what a great feeling . I broke down like a baby . After all , at the end of the day , family is all you have . 
I had such a great night , haven't been to sleep yet ! Makes up for what happened to me last weekend . 
That great night carried over through the weekend and into my work today . Felt regenerated ! Even found my self singing ! But my luck , the reason for this ends tonight . Not sure how I'll feel tomorrow . 
You can tell all the Yooper Facebookers : all their profile picks are of dead deer ! May be being here in Florida I should find a pic of a dead alligatior ? Or may be a < PROPFIRST > ? 
It was a good day . Might not seem like much to some , but there are times when a good day can make your week . 
It's my oldest boy's first year of high school baseball . The coaches are already fighting over him ! 14 years old , throws 76 mph with great curve and change up . Who can blame them ? 
We've all heard that bad things happen to good people . Damn story of my life ! 
You try to do the right thing and it comes back to bite you . I helped someone out and tomorrow I'll probably be living on the street . So much for < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Biking and/or walking everywhere can suck at times . But I just bought a size 38 pair of shorts ! I haven't worn that size for over 10 years . I don't care if it's raining and 20 degrees tomorrow , I'm wearing them ! 
Walked to the store last night about 12:00 . Got stopped by the cops . Ran my ID and searched me . I know I don't live in the best area , but really ? I was just walking . 
Heading out for a couple green beers . Can't stay long ; have to work in the morning . Have a great < PROPFEMALE>'s Day everyone ! 
My wife and boys are in the U.P. She has asked me to move there to be with them . I love my family , but I lived in the U.P , for many years and hated it . Even talking with my siste 
Even talking with talking with my sisters , none of uis want to be there again . 
We are each of us angels with only one wing , and we can only fly by embracing one another . - < PROPMALE > de Crescenzo 
Imagine wanting something for 2 1/2 years , then finally getting it . A sweet feeling ! For once in a long time I am a happy guy ! 
I need to see a doctor . But I don't have insurance . What to do ? 
Just back from the hospital . What a long night ! Had a friend take me and pick me up . Still sore from the cutting they had to do . Will be sore for many days . But thanks to all who showed concern . 
Great to have good people in my life . So many have helped me since this problem started only 24 hours ago . Sometimes life can bite , but in the last day I know I am truely blessed with good friends . 
Boss just said I can't come back to work yet . I want to , but I know she's right . I need at least one more day to recover . 
These meds are kicking my ass ! Funny that's where the problem is ! Probably a good thing I'm not working tomorrow ( again ) . 
Being off work and on these meds has thrown me off completely . Should not be awake at 2:30 a.m. 
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others , but it also becomes richer and happier . - < PROPFIRST > Schweitzer 
Boss suggested I don't come bact to work until monday . So , a whole week off . What a vacation ! A full day in the hospital and six days soaking my ass . lol 
Being off all week and on these meds just throws everything off . I should not be awake right now . 
Just made the hardest phone call of my life . Not a good feeling . But it was necessary . 
Had my follow up today . Doc says healing perfectly . Still need to keep soaking though . Thanks to all who showed support , caring , and the ocction quip about where my ' wound ' is . It was fun being the \BUTT\ " of your jokes all week . " 
Just remember , I'm not responsible for anything I said last week on those meds . I don't recall much . 
Email from the wife today . Looks like she's going through with the divorce . For anyone who knows us , they will all tell you it's for the best . And though I know that too , still sucks to see an end in sight after 16 years . Normally wouldn't share this with so many people . But just something about Facebook friends . 
How stupid do they think we are ? Watching 1,000 ways to die . They just showed a guy who was burned to death from lighing a fart . Sorry , ladies . But guys , haven't we all done this ? Has anyone caught on fire ? Ridiculous ! 
Just had a meatball sub from Rhino's . Well , half of one . Way too much for me . For those who live in the < PROPMALE > area , if you haven't eaten here , you are missing out ! The food is < PROPFEMALE > good . Everything is homemade , even their chicken soup . And the servings are huge for the money . 
Why do I watch the news ? A local 11 year old girl missing since Friday is the top story . So sad . What is wrong with some people ? 
What a great weekend . Hope everyone is as happy as I am ! 
It ain't over yet , but < PROPMALE > Mickelson has won the Masters . After five months away , Tiget placed an impressive 4th place . And he was upset ! Ego !!! 
Local morning show on the radio ruined birthday cakes for me forever . Reminded everyone that someone is blowing right on top of the entire cake and that every time you blow , spittle comes out ! Sorry if that ruined it for anyone else . 
To all who watch \Two and a half Men \"; Any but me notice the NEVER pour a full cup of coffee ? It's only a sip or two ( and 1/2 ) . " 
Sing ! \It's Saturday night and I ain't got nobody ... \"" 
Mets vs Cardinals . Into the 16th inning , no score . What a game . 
Finally healed to where I can ride the bike again . 
Well , it's my 11th anniversary today . Does it mean anything when we've been seperated for almost six months and she's 1,600 < PROPMALE > away with our boys ? 
Accepted a friend request from a picture of a beautiful blond white woman . Checked her home < PROPFEMALE > , she's an older black woman . I have no problem with any race , but why would someone do that ? Just be yourself ! I don't judge . 
My speakers are fried ! Still have sound , but LOTS of static . Time for some new ones ( damn ) . 
My boss gave me a used set of speakers with a sub wolfer . Sound is amazing ! Thanks boss ! 
Women are insane ! For the last week the wife was super nice , asking me to move to Michigan ; telling how much better things will be . Just now she lost it , said live my life just keep sending money . What the Hell ????? 
Seriously considering going back to Michigan to be with my family . Six months here alone is just too much . I don't even want to be here anymore . 
It's a done deal . Talked to the wife . She want's me there . So do the boys . Called my job and quit . Will be moving back to Michigan next Saturday . 
Can anyone take me to the bus station on Saturday around noon ? If not , It's one Hell of a walk . 
To all my friends here in Florida , it's been a pleasure knowing you . I am leaving Saturday to be with my boys in Michigan . I've said my goodbyes to everyone . If I missed you , let me know so I can say goodbye properly . I have loved living here and appreciate all the friends I've made . I'm sad to be leaving , but family comes first . But you all know that . 
Thinking now of leaving Thursday afternoon . Really don't see the reason to sit here two extra days . Sitting in this room , knowing I'm going to see my family is torture . Why postpone it ? 
About to head out for one last night in < PROPMALE > ! Then it's back the black hole of the U.P. Joked for years that is keeps sucking people back . Now after 14 years away , it's sucking me in ! But glad I'll being seeing my boys again in just a few days . 
My last night in Florida ! Been here 14 years , made a lot of great friends , and hate to be leaving . But anyone here who is a parents knows , you do what you have to for your kids . And that's what I'm doing . 
To all who have inquired , I am in the U.P. of Michigan ( Escanaba ) and doing well . I miss Florida and all my friends there , not to mention the warm weather . But another chapter has begun and it's time to write a happy ending . My best to all ! I don't have a computer , so I will check in with you all whenever I make it to the library . 
Local fireworks cancelled due to rain . But a good 4th none the less . 
My dad is golfing with < PROPFEMALE > Cooper tomorrow . How cool is that ? Even better , he's getting me an autograph . I was 16 and living in Chicago when I saw my first live concert . Guess who it was ! 
This new job ( well , temporary way of making some cash ) has me walking 8-10 < PROPMALE > a day . OMG ! I really AM turning 41 in 10 days . 
Lord help me ! She hasn't slept in our bed in 7 days . Claims it's because there were clothes on her side . HER clothes that SHE put there . So , I moved them . Now she's angry because I didn't put them in the right place and still didn't sleep in our bed . I'm thinking of starting a \Get < PROPFIRST > back to Florida\ " fund drive . " 
I give up . Some of you have heard my saga . But no one I know can say I didn't give my all to keep my family together . This last time I gave up everything ; my job , my friends , a place I loved , and a < PROPMALE > at being happy with someone else ( you know who you are ) . But it's time to admit I have lost . Tomorrow is my birthday . Let's hope it is a new biginning . I don't know how , but I need to get back to Florida . 
Another day working too hard for too little money , only to hand it over to the wife who doesn't appreciate what I do for the family . Sorry , am I sounding whiny ? 
Well , she left yesterday around 5:00 p.m. to watch her sister play darts , then go to the casino . ( She said ) . It's now almost 7:00 a.m. the next morning . Again , no word . At least the two oldest boys were at friends ' houses . But the 6 year old kept asking when she was coming home . Harder on him than me . 
She strolled in about 7:00 , certain she told me she'd be gone all night . Now she says she has an appointment to sign papers on the 4th . 
Should be getting my phone in the mail today ! ( What a life when a phone gets you excited ) . 
< PROPFIRST > downloaded something from Myspace . Home computer is trashed ! No boot system detected . So , back to the library for my internet fixes ( and keeping in touch with my Facebook family ) . 
The battle is over , the war is lost . Time to start figuring out how I'll get back to Florida ( and survive there ) . But I will be back ! 
Everything is in motion to go back where I should have stayed . Feeling pretty darn good about this ! 
Finally back in < PROPFEMALE > looking forward to seeing my friends here 
Great to be back in Florida . Sorry I've been out of touch . Priorities are work , bills , then getting another computer . Meantime will check in on friend's or library's . 
Well , I got served divorce papers today . Wasn't sure she'd actually do it . Kind of surreal . The bashing was a surprize ! Claims I was physically abusive and suicidal !!! It's gonna be a bitch fighting the allogations . 
I talked with my oldest boy . He had no idea about my situation . I've sent three letters explaining everything . This means my wife ( ex ) isn't giving my boys the letters I send them . 
My oldest , < PROPFIRST > , just sent me a message saying his mom has told him to get out ! He's only 15 . He wants to come be with me , and I would love nothing more . But I'm renting a room and only make $200 a week . I feel so helpless !! 
New phone with web ! Yea ! 
It's been a couple of good days . May not sound like much to some , but sometimes you have to appreciate the little things . 
Found out I work Xmas < PROPFEMALE > . People hate telemarketers on any day . Let's see how many we tick off on that day . 
No cards . No letters . No gifts . Nothing from my boys . Why do people like this holiday ? 
Just talked with my boys . That's all I wanted for Chritmas . :) 
The service we render unto others is the rent we pay for our room on Earth . Hope everyone had a great Christmas ! 
Here it comes ; last day of the year . And yep , I'm working . But it's fine . Look out come night time ! 
Sitting outside , built a fire . Everythings good . Then something blows up ! Stuff flying everywhere . Right hand is badly burnt . What the Hell happened ? 
What a start to the new year ! Burnt my hand , was sick yesterday , and paid my bills with nothing left over for food . But I'm still smiling ! 
Watching ' Lock Up ' . They said inmates on death row have a higher suicide rate and have to be watched . Sorry if this sounds cold , but does it really matter ? 
Seen the comercial for senior care ? States if you're between 0 and 85 . Can anyone who's 0 really call ? There's another that asks , if you or a loved one has died . If you died , call us ? Lol 
Watching < PROPMALE > Cosby on < PROPFIRST > Letterman . 73 years old and still hilarious ! 
1:30 in the morning . Can't sleep . Thinking about my boys . Anyone else awake ? 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Springer . Only to know as bad as life seems , it's not that bad . :) 
Normally I don't nimd walking the 4 1/2 < PROPMALE > to and from work . But it's cold out here tonight ! 
Another BS check . Do I pay on this phone so I can keep in touch with my boys or do I buy food ? 
Back in touch with the world . For awhile anyway . 
I'm sure most of the U.P. Is going nuts . Freaking Packers ! Hate them ! 
