Don't Date Cause That Creates Exs ..... 

I'm Freakin ' Tired !! 
I'm Reading a Book !! 
I'm Spectacular !!! : D 
Today was awesome ! 
I feel like having a lazy day ... 
I hate my job ... 
Went to the gym this morning ... Now I'm tired and hungry ... I think I'm lethargic ..... 
I'm bored 
It must be Lets-Be-Rude Day cause most people who came into my work today were being hella rude ..... Can someone tell me next time .... 
Bj Penn is AWESOME .... 
I just ate WAY too many Chips Ahoy ..... 
I just got home and I already want to go back : ( 
Left for Dead 2 ..... tonight ... till MORNING ! : D 
Friend Interview has some funny questions ! 
I set my Language to English ( Pirate ) . You should too !!! 
Look up Ask A Ninja on youtube .... HALARIOUS ! 
Tahoe is amazing . I'm so happy to be here with < PROPFIRST > even though he's sick : ( 
I wish I could adopt a cute little puppy ... or kitten ... or BOTH ! : ( 
Lookin ' like a fool with your pants on the ground !! HAHAHAHA !!! 
Ugh .... I'm super sick ! This sucks 
My boyfriend ignores me when he plays video games .... Example .. ME : BABE ! THE KITCHEN'S ON FIRE !!!! HIM : ...... .... ..... ( into his headset ) Yea dude this game is awesome .... 
ANOTHER 16&Pregnant season ?!? Ugh , I dont think I can handle watching anymore douche bag fathers on tv . 
Makin ' chicken baked in spaghetti sauce .... yum ! Wants some ? : D 
Never , never read Dear < PROPFIRST > ! Its horribly , horribly sad ! Saddest book I've ever read . I dont know if I want to see the movie now . At least The Notebook had a sweet ending . I dont think this movie will . 
Playing RE5 ... Addicted .... again 
Eatin ' Sushi .... YUM ! 
I have a migraine and cant sleep even though Im exhausted ...... What a world ... what a world . 
Any one need school books ??? 
Bully Beatdown is AWESOME ! I love Mayhem ... He's so FUNNY ! 
Does anyone know where to buy those car window paint markers ??? Thanks ! 
Remember the movie Once Upon a < PROPMALE > ??? Such a good kid movie ! 
Bolt is hilarious . 
There's a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in the Philipines according to Facebook people search .... 
What a BEAUTIFUL Day it is !!! 
I got the Final Jeopardy question right ... I'm a genius ! 
People can be so rude sometimes ! Someone should be rude to them so they know what it feels like . 
ALMOST 20 ! WOOT !! 
Goodbye freedom .... HELLO 12 hour days !! 
Did some spring cleaning of my Friends List . If you made it ... congratulations ... 
Gonna take your mama out all night/ Yeah , we'll show her what it's all about/ We'll get her jacked up on some cheap champagne/ We'll let the good times all roll out/ And if the music ain't good , well it's just too bad/ We're gonna sing along no matter what/ Because the dancers don't mind at the New Orleans/ If you tip ' em and they make a cut 
My computer is slowly but surely crashing ..... Thanks Windows ! For creating the WORST program EVER ! 
MMMM ... Dried pears ..... 
Two jobs can really make a person tired ! I'm going to bed .... 
Consider me gone ..... 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > : ( 
Do ALL the hot Cal Fire guys have to have girlfriends ?? Geez ! 
Its almost lake time !!! : D 
Tired ....... Need . Sleep . 
My 3 day weekend is coming to an end : ( 
Dead < PROPFEMALE > shine\ 
Light up the sky\ 
I'm all out of breath\ 
My walls are closing in\ 
Days go by\ 
Give me a sign\ 
Come back to the end\ 
The shepherd of the damned 
I'm sittin on top of a hillside\ 
\ 
There's a one way path that's takin ' me home . \ 
climbing up to the peak with a blindfold\ 
Bombing down at the top of my lungs screaming \oh ooh oh\ " \ 
I need a vacation ...... 
Every action has a point , Five points make a fist\ 
You close ' em , You swing ' em\ 
It hurts when it hits\ 
And the truth can be a bitch\ 
But if the boot fits 
Feeling grossed out ..... 
I'm < PROPMALE > !! I'm < PROPMALE > !!! : D 
My new neighbor has a Subaru . Why does god torchure me so ? 
If I die young , \ 
burry me in satin , \ 
lay me down on a bed of roses . \ 
Sink me in the river , at dawn . \ 
Send me away with the words of a love song . 
Healing is knowing that forgiveness is the key to happiness and offers me everything that I want . Healing is knowing that the only reality in the universe is love , and that love is the most important healer known to the world . 
I am 4 seconds away from trading my cat in for a new one . 
My cat has this weird fascination with shoes . If there is one on the floor he is shoving his face in it ..... i just don't understand . 
I think its time for a tattoo . Maybe I'll put some use to this three day weekend coming up . 
The internet Gods decided to bless me today ! I'm so EXCITED ! 
I always see street bikes here in Redding and , as a girl , I automatically think ' hot guy!' but no . I've come to the realization that 99% of street bike riders in this town are fat . So a little word of advice to all the guys out there ; if your gut touches your mid upper leg when you sit down , DONT BUY A STREET BIKE ! Get a Moped or something . 
Cookies and milk for dinner ..... too tired to cook . 
Off work early ! WOOT WOOT ! 
Going to Grandma's for dinner . Gonna have some fried chicken , mashed potatoes with gravy and I think I heard something about pie : ) 
Booored !! 
Tired ..... Sick ...... Ugh 
Hot Chocolate makes everything better : ) 
Ain't i seen u before ? \ 
I think I remember those\ 
eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , e-e eyes 
I wish my couch was bigger so I could stretch out on it : ( 
How did the vikings vs saints game end ????? 
Go tell that long tongue liar , go and tell that midnight rider\ 
Tell the rambler , the gambler , the back biter\ 
Tell ' em that God is gonna cut you down 
I've looked pretty much everywhere for quarters . Next stop , the couch . Laundry day is always so much fun ! 
I wish I had cable so I could watch football too :'( 
Pork , potatoes and steamed spinach for dinner : ) YUM ! 
I bought < PROPFIRST > Halo Reach today : ) He's so lucky he has me ! 
Raiders won which means they're done for the season lol . 
I bought my cat a toy that hangs from the door frame . Best investment of my life . 
Whats the difference between Stock and Broth and where can I find Veggie Stock ? 
Making soup ! YAY ..... 
Moss to Titans ??? WORST decision EVER ! Way to go Vikings . Get ready to start losing MORE games ..... ugh > : ( 
Patriots = AMAZING 
So busy I almost forgot to breathe .... 
Getting off work early today !!! WOOT ! 
Got some Pats gear for the up coming games . Time to rep my team : ) 
I'm SOOOO excited about my xmas gift ideas for < PROPFIRST > . He's lucky he has me ... that's all I gotta say ! 
Can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to come home ! 
I wish my neighbors would move out 
What I've been trying to say all along ..... \ 
\Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished : if you're alive 
Spaghetti for dinner .... YUM ! 
Tired .... just . so . tired . 
I'm a Peacock ... You gotta let me fly !! 
