Having a Meltdown with a Buttery Nipple ! Happy new years everyone ! 

Thanks to my uncles , my car is fixed !!! SOOOO thankful !! Can you believe Midas wanted to charge over $600 for what my uncles did themselves after buying the part for only $150 ? Insanity . 
Why can't you clear your facebook wall history with one click of the mouse ?? I want to know !! I've just spent the past 30 minutes trying to delete myself back to a simpler time .... 
Went into ork in the middle of the night lasat night to help out the girls this morning .... going home for some sleep before the long night ahead of me !! 
I got randomly drug tested this morning !! Man , its a good thing I say no to drugs ! haha ! After I take care of that this morning , I'm going to SLEEP and prepare for my 8th night at work in a row . Thank goodness I'm off Saturday !!!!! 
Really disappointed that I didn't get as much back in taxes as I was anticipating ... 
Things are looking up and 17 hours until I see him . I'm so excited ! I hope I can sleep tonight ! 
Well ... like I said before , plans change and we have to just roll with the punches . His plane got delayed and now he won't be here until Sunday . I'm really bummed , but to fight off the gloom , Allee will be staying with me at the cabin tonight ! We needed some girl time anyway ! But now the count-down restarts at 48 hours . :: sigh :: 
And the count-down starts allll over again ! 24 hours . At least I have a lot more to preoccupy my mind with than I did the other night thanks to Allee ... 
I don't see what anyone could see in anyone else but you . 
So happy I have tonight off !! gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with Allee !! 
Thinking about mom a lot today and its making me sad . I've also come to the VERY sad realization that mom loved taking and having pictures more than she liked actually being in them , so the pictures I have of us together are few and far between . :-( 
Whoever came up with the notion of putting ham and pineapple on pizza , definitely deserves a place in heaven !! haha ! 
half.com = addicting . Where else can you buy a DVD of a movie you've been wanting for over a year for under $3 ? 
I just ordered a whole bunch of stuff online for the reenactment I'm going to in May . I'm gonna be \blingin\ " with some new beads and a new tradeshirt ! " 
The < PROPFEMALE > that appears above the letter \i\ " is called a tittle . And \"#\" is formally known as an octothorpe . " 
Hearing < PROPFEMALE > whine a little while I pet her today broke my heart . I miss my dogs so much . 
Spring cleaning my facebook ... editing apps , friends , pages , etc . Why ? Because I m bored . 
In < PROPFIRST > OH , there exists the one and only popcorn museum . The only one in the WORLD ! Who wants to go with me ? 
Had a great Saturday spending time helping Grandma and talking to < PROPMALE > , but now its back to the grind tonight .... 
WAY excited for my girl-date with Allee tomorrow night !! No boys allowed !! haha 
Just made myself a lovely new pair of red wool leggings ! HaChaCha ! I chompin at the bit to get out there and use them !! 
Had a rough morning at work , but took out my stress at the gym . So glad to have a night off !! Yay for hainging out with Allee !! 
Had a great day off with < PROPFEMALE > and her sisters , playing some euchre ! I forgot how much fun it was ! And now its work time for the next 4 nights ... 
Missing < PROPMALE > a little more than usual tonight ... 
Where did my motivation to work out go ? Pushing myself to get to the gym today !! 
I hate it when people call off of work and leave you to pick up the slack . Further more , I hate it when this happens on a regular basis to the point where it is anticipated , if not expected to happen . 
I am so happy i am working with my boo and mister tonight !! Life is better with < PROPFEMALE > and cj in it ! 
So happy to have a day off !! What am I going to do with it ? Play with my puppies !!! I've missed them so much , a few days with them is exactly what I need . 
Out on a walk with my pups and < PROPFEMALE > . What a beautiful day !!! 
Had a good night at work , and tonight I'll be having a girl-date with Allee ! YAY ! We're going to go see the comdeian , Medicine Hat . Good times ! 
I definitely got hypnotized by the comedian J . Medicine Hat 
Happy anniversary , < PROPMALE > ! I love you ! 
Won a euchre tournament ! Who would have thought ? lol ! 
You know its love when you tell your partner how much you REALLY weigh . Lol ... girls , you know its true . 
Hey guys ! In a couple of week , I am walking in the Relay for Life with Mama Egner in Kettering . I would really love it if you would donate towards concer research not really for my behalf , but for my mom's! Here's hoping that more mothers and fathers beat cancer !! 
Having fun at work with < PROPFEMALE > B !! But at the same time , my heart is going to my boo . I love you Kell ! 
Dear Sprint , \ 
If you woulid like to know how I feel about your phone service , please have a rep call me who both speaks and UNDERSTANDS the English language . Not doing so is counter-productive . Just sayin . 
The new Nightmare on Elm Street wasn't THAT bad , but I firmly believe it would have been better if < PROPMALE > Zombie would have directed it . 
Qod : \What are fish egg whites ?!? \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
Walking in the Relay for Life this Saturday ! Please donate to help fight cancer ! All you do is click \support me\ " in the Relay for Life box on my facebook < PROPFEMALE > and you can donate as little as $5.00 !! " 
Zombieland gets two thumbs up . LOVE Woody Harrelson !! 
WARNING : for whatever reason , I am emotional today . For example , the movie trailor for The Blindside made me cry . Not the actual movie , the TRAILOR . 
Walking the Relay for Life today & would like to remind everyone : If you love yourself , then touch yourself ! Monthly self exams save lives ! Love you all ! 
I was right . They weren't legos !! BIG smiles today ! I LOVE YOU < PROPMALE > !!!! 
How am I going to spend my day off ? By watching as much Sex and the City as possible !! lol ! This great guy who must kind of love me gave me the entire season . :-) 
I had the weirdest dream ever . Sometimes , dreams aren't something you strive for , they are the things that make you happy to wake up to reality . 
Lesson number # of bike riding : WEAR SUNGLASSES . Bugs in the eyes is not a fun experience ! haha 
Well I'm finding it hard to say , but I need you 20 times a day ... 
Tonight ended up being even better than I had hoped . Shared some wine/conversation with a couple of WONDERFUL women and randomly saw another whom I hadn't seen in 6 years !! Amazing how things work out that way ! 
Had an amazing times with my girls , especially my boo ! 
Today , prayers have been answered . 
What a perfect kind of day ! < PROPFEMALE > AND cool ... ahh ... wonderful ! Now if only my Mr. were here to enjoy it with me , it really WOULD be perfect !! 
Hmm ... I wonder why my room is always so hott ... maybe because THE HEAT WAS TURNED ON !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Going to COSI with me Mister today and then chillin with my boo tonight ! What a perfect day off ! Just wish my < PROPMALE > Bear were here too ! 
I HATE MY CAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Somehow i knew that i would pay today for the amazing amount of sleep i got yesterday ... 
Cant believe the touchdown jesus is gone ... And it was done naturally by lightning ... Fire and brimstone for realsies ! 
Going to see < PROPFEMALE > tonight with some awesome women ! I love musicals in the park ! I wish they still did two a summer opposed to just the one ! 
Almost committed goosacide . 
I hate it when I come home from work to sleep and dream that I am still at work , cleaning up the most horrendous messes imaginable . Fail . 
Long day ahead of me that started yesterday at 3 in the afternoon . I love my 24 hour days without sleep ! 
Ok , so this nclex review course is awesome !! Its sort of like getting the cheat codes to a video game . Haha ! 
Dear semi-truck drivers : Don't tailgate me . I don't like it and I WILL intentionally slow down . Want to go faster ? Easy : PASS me . I won't be intimidated by you . 
Having an AMAZING day so far !!!! 
She looks like a devil , she looks like an angel , and apparently i look like an angel from hell . 
I'm still getting used to this whole short hair thing .... 
Woah ... One of the wierdest dreams ever ... 
Working all weekend ! I hope everyone else has good times and sees some good fireworks !!! 
I feel like a huge bundle of nerves today and have no idea REALLY why ... What's with today , today ? 
Look lady , I don't want your fake-love < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Those geese seem to think that I am going to stop my car just because they are crossing the road .... And they would be WRONG . 
Have you ever been so exhausted that you couldn't sleep ? Welcome to my world . 
You make me feel like I belong under the sun ... 
< PROPMALE > IS COMING HOME EARLY !!!! I can't wait !!! 
Bought mom flowers in honor of her birthday . She would have been 55 today . I miss her and wish she were still here . 
Taking refuge at Oasis de < PROPFEMALE > , where there is air conditioning and everybody knows your name ! 
Life lesson #4563298 : when you store a car , it must be driven periodically to keep the battery charged . Especially when your truck light won't shut off . 
I scheduled to take my NCLEX today !! But don't ask me when I'm going to take it , because I probably will not tell you .... I don't need the added pressure ! 
Knowing that he's coming home to me makes every day of lonliness worth every second . 
Working 6 days in a row is too much .... and I'm saying this only half way through my series ... oy ! 
Tonight and tomorrow night .... just got to get through these and then I'll have a little reprieve ! I need a full NIGHT sleep !! 
I need to thank < PROPMALE > and CJ for my recent spells of good sleep . < PROPMALE > for calming my nerves and CJ for introducing me to Valerian root . Good day all ... I'll be awake at 9pm . 
After working for 6 days in a row , I am in need of fun mixed in with my studies ! < PROPFEMALE > is coming over to bring home the fun !! Yay ! 
How is today Friday already ?!? 
Just finished taking the NCLEX and not feeling too swift about it ... won't be suprised if I didn't pass because I definitely didn't study any of the material that was covered on it . Luck of the draw , I guess ... 
I AM A NURSE !!!!!! AHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! 
This morning was a blatant reminder of how much my life is going to change from here on out ... too cool . 
Wow ... nothing like getting blind-sided !!! 
So excited for a week of vaca !! Not to mention time with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
On my way to VA !!!! 
Fun day today ! Ripley's believe it or not museum , greek food , brewery tour and tasting , and now about to go see a play ! Also loving < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s company ! 
Got to see < PROPFIRST > in his historical action self today ! Eating < PROPFEMALE>'s amazing cooking , going to learn how to be continental soldiers , and then following it up by some shinanigans at the local pub ! Ahh .. loving vacation life ! 
I leave VA Sunday ... sad face !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > and i spent all day watching movies and in about 13 minutes , we'll be eating the dinner i cooked for them ! Then tonight it's ghost tour time ! Whoo ! 
Trying to decide when I want to leave for home today ... even though I don't want to leave at all ! I'll miss my Kate-Star and the Drewber ! :-( 
My first night working as a nurse !! I am so excited !! 
Sleeping with one dog behind my back , and one behind my knees ... Oh these silly puppies ... 
Had a good night at work and tonight its time for some euchre ! 
Off to GA with < PROPFEMALE > to see < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Stuck at atl for a bit .. Ugh ... 
Aww .. The moms gave me pearls ! I feel like a real girl now ! Lol ! 
Yesterday i went tubing for the first time in 8 years !! It was great ! And watching the sunset while swimming in the river was also pretty amazing . 
On my way home from GA . It was good while it lasted ! 
Had a successful first day on day shift ! If only i could get used to the insane amount of people buzzing around me throughout the day ! 
Last night was a little rough , but the more I work , the easier things become ! And yes , I do love being a nurse !! 
Feeling masochistic today- watching movies that make me cry . Maybe while i get ready for dinner with my friends i will put on a good comedy ! 
Somewhere right now , a nurse is getting yelled @ for being late with meds , holding their bladder cause they can't pee , starving cause they missed lunch , being puked on , pooped on , bled on , peed on , yelled at and is missing their family while taking care of yours . In the minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . Repost if you are a nurse , love a nurse , or APPRECIATE one 
J . Lo movie marathon 
Going to Greenon's football game tonight . Hope i don't end up regretting that choice ! 
Woke up on the WRONG side of the bed this morning 
Life is all about flexibility ! 
Working my tail off this weekend . But thank god for the people i work with who guide me , help me , and support me ! 
I have to grow up and admit to myself that I can't have it all and do it all . I just can't afford to emotionally or financially . So ... would anyone like to adopt a < PROPFEMALE > Pin ? 
So happy to have the next two days off ! After spending my last 5 days at work , I NEED IT !!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! They made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside ! 
It took a long time to make my dreams come true , but this just goes to show that i am not a force to be reckoned with ... 
I loved NE ! We saw fireworks , shooting stars , a big rainbow , and even got to explore one of their lovely cornfields ! 
My heart is sighing with relief every other second :-) Things are starting to fall into place and I am elated . 
Dear Mucinex , \ 
You are FABULOUS !!! 
Patiently waiting for < PROPMALE > to be back from work ... It's funny that before , I could go months without seeing him , and now HOURS seem like forever . 
Happy birthday to < PROPMALE > today ! 
I really hate bad dreams .... 
Officially certified in WA ! Yay ! Pike's Market tomorrow ! So excited ! 
I cannot wait until we move into an apartment ! People knocking on the \wrong door\ " in the middle of the night is getting old fast . " 
Trying to go back to sleep for a while ... < PROPMALE>'s only been at work for an hour and I'm already missing him ! 
I love my man ! He is currently painting my toes me ! Now that is love ! 
FINALLY going to start my new job on Friday !! I'm so tired of feeling useless , so I am happy to get started !! 
After a mini-meltdown yesterday , today is a much brighter day . I am lucky that < PROPMALE > has the unique ability to make me calm down with the snap of a finger ! 
Yay for date nights ! 
Naturally on my first day at work , i spill coffee and forget my lunch ! 
One thing I have to remember about evening shift : Caffeine in moderation or else I will be up ALL night , annoy < PROPMALE > by being so damned hyper , and will most likely be tired the next day ... 
It's going to be a long day ... But a decent one ! 
Leaving work to spend the first night in our new apartment !!! Yay !!!! 
Having an ok day off ... I want to cook something for < PROPMALE > for dinner , but I just realized that we don't have knives yet .... so I guess spaghetti it is ! 
What can i say ? I think this kind of happiness was way overdue . 
Being a nurse is hard . Just sayin ' . 
Will never walk in the rain without having an extra pair of socks in my purse ever again ! Lesson learned . 
Happy thanksgiving everyone and i am thankful for all of my friends . I am also very thankful to spend most of my day with < PROPMALE > ! 
I don't get paid enough for this . 
Enjoying a lazy Sunday with < PROPMALE > ... I've been here with him for two months and every day still feels like a blessing ! 
Thank goodness i have the next two days off !! I am going to go home now and get my drink on !! 
How am i supposed to send out christmas cards without any addresses ? 
This morning , i kicked a soldier's ass ! Bahahaha !! 
I am amazed by my new phone ! 
A day off with nothing to do ... at least I get to spend all evening with the love of my life ! 
Feel like I am always working ! But at least tonight I am putting my foot down and taking a full lunch break . 
Bought the plane tickets to visit ohio I'm February ! Excited ! I will be there with < PROPMALE > between the 14th and the 19th . Plans must be made ! 
When < PROPMALE > rolled over this morning , I grabbed him in my sleep and said , \STOP ! I need to take your blood sugar before you go anywhere !!! \ " akward . " 
This morning , I am getting my curls from a couple of years ago back ! 
Thinking its a pizza and beer kind of night ... oh , and a good movie too ! 
Going to church this morning made me miss my home church , RCLC . But having < PROPMALE > sitting next to me made me so happy ! 
13 more days until I get to see my friends and family ! Can't wait ! 
Wishing the sandman would come my way ... 
So excited !!!! By this time tomorrow I will be in Ohio !!! Can't wait to see everyone !!! 
At the airport and had to go through one of those body scan things ... I feel violated . 
Had a nice visit to ohio but now its time to gwt back to the real world 
Went to the shooting range this morning and I'm actually good at it ! Shot the target right in the babymaker !! Muahaha !! 
I need to become a better facebook-er . I have definitely been slacking since I've moved to WA 
Really ...? Time to go to work again already ...? But , but , but .... 
Work kicked my < PROPMALE > tonight but I am proud to say I had 2 admits and escaped before 2 am ! And now all I want to do is cuddle up next to my love . Night night . 
So wheni started my walk to work today it was < PROPFEMALE > and a little on the warm side ... tell me why 10 minutes into it , there was a sudden torrential downpour ? 
Dear Baskin Robbins , What is up with you not having my favorite flavor available ? Still love you , but disappointed . Love , < PROPFIRST > . 
Going to have a girls day with Brit before driving < PROPMALE > to work 
