It's amazing in life how when one door closes another seems to be right next to it that opens . Good thing open door isn't always behind the closed one . 

' s still recovering from his near-death lightning experience last night . 
The beach water was well over 80 degrees . It was fantastic ! 
' s very happy today . Just one of those small life things that makes it all worth the effort . 
Who wants to send me a Chicago-classic hot dog loaded with all the trimmings ? I haven't been able to get one since Hot Dogs n ' More went out of business ( at least around here ) . 
Hmm ... Bright ... < PROPFEMALE > .... Rested ..... I must still be alive . Today is a good day . 
I need to raise $ 500,000 . Can everyone look under their cushions to see if they find a spare $ 500,000 < PROPMALE > there for me ? Thanks . 
3am . Phone rings . Milwaukee , WI number . I'm in South Jersey . Hmm . Answer it . It's the police there . Someone using my number is repeatedly calling 911 . Odd . No one here is doing it . Strange world . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
So the news is saying 60,000 to 70,000 people marched in Washington on Saturday . My advice to the Democrats , had the asked for it , would have been to have people dressed in Rush masks telling them that they were now behind an invisible fence . No one would have been able to escape . 
Sun is shining . Temperatures are mild . Let it stay this way for a couple of weeks . 
If you can't tell I'm loving my new phone 
Anyone out there in Google Wave ? I need an Invite if you can spare one . 
Mom had lung cancer . Well , according to the doctors she had bronchitis for 6 MONTHS . Then they diagnosed it and more tests for 3 months . THEN they started to treat it in September . She only suffered a matter of weeks really . I'll let everyone know on the specifics as I get them . Should know tomorrow by noon . Looks like Thursday in Mullica Hill for the viewing at Fertig Funeral Home . 
Wow , I half expect Toto to coming running through the door just moments before I black out and wake up surrounded by a bunch of munchkins . 
The answer is \None of your damned business . \ " But it is The Answer To The Ultimate Question plus or minus some famed horsemen . " 
Thanks all ..... I just want rain . Can someone arrange it ? 
In dreary louisville kentucky . 
So Osama bin Laden is dead . I heard the news after a long weekend and as I drifted off to sleep one overriding thought came to mind :\ 
\ 
How will < PROPFIRST > Hannity spin this as a huge mistake by President Obama and give credit for it instead to President Bush or President < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Oh , sure . This past weekend I was everybody's best friend ! My mailbox was overflowing but now in the light of the new week suddenly I'm cast off like dead skin . * sob * 
The beach is calling .... and I'm going to fricken ' pick up the phone ! 
We just sat through an earthquake here in South Jersey . The entire building shook for 5 seconds . 
