Today's Quote : I often feel as if I were one of those monks in the Middle Ages who guarded the ancient texts from the heathen and kept learning alive despite all efforts to destroy it . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Hitchcock 

If there must be trouble , let it be in my day , that my child may have peace . - < PROPFIRST > Paine 
\The man who does not read books has no advantage over the man who can't read them . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
The trouble with Socialism is , sooner or later you run out of other people's money -- Margart Thatcher 
has a head cold and wishes it was bedtime for the kids so she could get some shut eye herself !! 
Socialism is a philosophy of failure , the creed of ignorance , and the gospel of envy , its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery . - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
“I cannot undertake to lay my finger on that article of the Constitution which granted a right to Congress of expending , on objects of benevolence , the money of their constituents . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
It's in the 90s here this week . Tonight's no cook recipe : lettuce , spinach , salami , fresh mozzarella , red onion , olives , marinated mushrooms , cucumbers and a balsamic vinagrette . Yummy ! 
Never thought I'd be so happy to have 65 degrees and overcast !! 
picked the wrong day to try to reorganize the laundry room . Now the washing machine sits laughing at me , inaccessible , when I need to be using it !! 
Government \help\ " to business is just as disastrous as government persecution ... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off . - Ayn Rand " 
You can spoil a child with too many things . You can spoil a child by letting them get away with bad behavior . But you can never spoil a child with too many hugs or too many smiles . 
Men fight for < PROPFEMALE > and win it with hard knocks . Their children , brought up easy , let it slip away again , poor fools . And their grandchildren are once more slaves . ~ D.H. < PROPFIRST > , Classical American Literature , 1922 
< PROPMALE > just made < PROPMALE > a pirate sword out of electrical tape , PVC pipe and one of those domed lids from a Starbucks cold drink . It looks really awesome . I am not sure where he got his creativity from but it sure amazes me sometimes . 
We make Gumbo hot around here . < PROPMALE > took more than he had room for and couldn't finish his bowl . < PROPMALE > tasted it and kept eating away at it . It's official- they are all mine !! 
On this 9/11 I would like to thank all our men and women who currently wear , or have worn a US Military uniform . You give up many of the very freedoms you protect for the rest of us in the course of getting the job done . We owe you a debt that can never be repaid . I'd also like to say thank you to the families of our service members . Your own sacrifice is not unnoticed . 
wants to play with her new Vita-Mix , but the kids keep beating her to it . At least they are willing to \hide\ " thier own veggies in the juice drinks . Choclolate peanut butter shakes with just a hint cilantro anyone ? ( It actually tasted good !! ) " 
wishes the perfect piece of real estate would come on the market . Six months of looking is taking it's toll ... You'd think being open to either a house OR a buildable lot would make it easier . 
Last day of sunshine in the forecast and I have to go and get sick !! 
just tried grits for the first time ever . OMG have I been missing out !!! Bye bye oatmeal ! 
\The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness . You have to catch it yourself . \ " < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Sometimes opportunities float right past your nose . Work hard , apply yourself , and be ready . When an opportunity comes you can grab it . - < PROPFEMALE > Andrews 
We on this continent should never forget that men first crossed the Atlantic not to find soil for their ploughs but to secure < PROPFEMALE > for their souls . ~ Robert J . McCracken 
The virtues of an honest man are magnified while his faults are diminished . A dishonest man has his faults magnified and his virtues diminished . 
Of all tyrannies , a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive . It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies . The robber baron’s cruelty may sometimes sleep , his cupidity may at some point be satiated ; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end , for they do so with the approval of their own conscience . - C . S . Lewis 
loves the colors of a < PROPFEMALE > fall day . 
should have told the annoying telemarketer she is tired of signing up for services that can only be cancelled by sending in triplicate forms that have to be postmarked on a full < PROPFEMALE > falling on a third Tuesday ! Not that he would have listened to that any more than the nice excuse she did give . 
has rediscovered an old addiction ... coupons !! 
My favorite holiday has arrived . I like Thanksgiving because it is simply about family and good food . There are no presents to buy , no cards to mail out , no turning the house upside down to decorate it . Now off to the kitchen for me . May you all have a blessed day simply enjoying time with the family and friends you love ! 
More house hunting tomorrow . Please pray that tomorrow is the day we find the place we're supposed to be . Looking is becoming wearisome . 
Three years . My baby turned three years old today . Man does time fly ! 
Please take a moment to say prayers on behalf of our slain officers ' families and the Lakewood Police Department this morning . The Funeral Procession begins at 10 am and the Memorial Service itself starts at 1 pm . Also take a moment to thank those you know who walk that thin line between life and death to keep all the rest of us safe from harm whether it be at home or abroad . 
finished designing the kitchen for our brand new house . Yes , we FINALLY found one . Should be done toward the end of January and we can move . Now , here's to praying that another rug doesn't get pulled out from underneath us because I spilled the beans .... 
noticed that the new property is shaped like California . God definitely has a sense of humor ! 
really , REALLY , likes garlic stuffed olives .... 
wishes that people realized that being allergic to perfume products is a totally different thing than simply not liking it andi if I can smell you 15 minutes after you leave a room then you are wearing way too much !!! 
is growing weary of text message shorthand in non-texting applications . It looks ignorant and illiterate . If you have something worth saying doesn't it deserve at least an attempt at proper spelling and grammar ? 
For God so loved the world , that He gave His only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish , but have everlasting life\ < PROPFIRST > 3:16 May you all have a blessed day . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! " 
visited the house today . We knew this would be a very nice home but every time I go out it seems even more than expected . It is still a muddy construction site - in some ways looking worse than ever with all the rain . But as small things fall into place I notice potential I didn't even see before . Today's realization was that I might have more room for bookcases that I need ! And my pantry ? My goodness , it's HUUUGE ! 
is craving ... cabbage . What kind of freaky craving is that ? I guess I'm going to have to make up another pot of ham & cabbage soup ( which got this whole thing set off to begin with . ) 
Note to business owners : If I can't understand the people who use the telephone on your behalf- I won't be patronizing your business . 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) I lost an aunt and a stepfather to cancer . 
bought a ton of garden seeds yesterday . I can't wait to get things planted at the new place !! 
It's WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO ! RETRO ! RETRO ! RETRO ! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and let's see how adorable we all were !!! 
My beautiful friend Keni asks : Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , but will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
\A government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have\ " - < PROPFIRST > Ford " 
is ready to move already !!!!! The closer it gets the longer the wait seems to be taking ! 
If you are a woman that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything for you , then repost this to your wall status today ..... because great men are few and far between , and by the grace of God , I have one . 
isn't all that thrilled with furniture shopping . Sometimes having too many choices is a very bad thing . My brain hurts after doing it all day - and I still have a ton more to do . I especially need lots and lots of five foot bookcases that don't cost an arm and a leg and don't take two months to arrive . 
is kicking the kids out . It is much too beautiful a day for a bunch of cabin-fevered boys to be hanging out inside driving me crazy ! The PNW truly is a gorgeous place when the sun can find it's way through the clouds to brighten our days . 
found out Ikea will deliver up to 100 boxes to the new house for $120 . That's up to 100 boxes I don't have to fish out of the warehouse , load onto a cart , steer through the store or try to jam into the car while wrangling four cranky boys . I don't need 100 boxes but I do need enough that I was going to have to go through that nightmare multiple times and spend at least that much in gas doing so . Now I don't have to . 
was extremely generous in how inefficient and incompetent she viewed the government as being . Having a house built illuminates that they are a hundred times worse than the already low opinion she previously had . Why have we given the monster so much control ? They don't get things done , rather they impede things from happening in a timely manner . And they think we should allow them to run healthcare ? 
has discovered that the easiest way to get kids to eat brussel sprouts is tell them they can't have them . After that you would think they were chocolate < PROPFEMALE > ! 
has noticed that all the Facebook ads are created for women exactly my age that live in my area ! And we thought we had to wait for chip implants and retina scanners to market so individually . 
The children have this internal alarm mechanism . Every time I step foot in the kitchen to work their alarms go off making them hungry and thirsty or whatever else that will put them underfoot . Today the alarms demonstrated a new level of precognition . They arrived home from the park ( 20 < PROPFEMALE > away ) 5 < PROPFEMALE > after I set foot in the kitchen . 
thinks that Facebook's internal spelling checker should recognize Facebook as a properly spelled word . Somebody need to find the \personal dictionary\ " feature . " 
was supposed to move today . An electrical hookup issue is holding up the works . It will be about another month :( 
is off to buy light fixtures . 
is enjoying Gumbo weekend ! 
So I had my profile up and < PROPMALE > found the mouse . He apparently kept clicking and clicking . Using the back button I found the rabit trail he took . It's like Six degrees of < PROPFIRST > Bacon facebook style ... 
\I don't like repeat offenders . I like dead offenders . \ " < PROPMALE > Nugent " 
I just found out our very favorite Pizza place ( Pop's Pizza and Pasta in Federal Way ) did NOT go out of business like we thought ! We had decided just to not eat pizza anymore after trying three different pizza joints after we thought we lost them . Yes they are THAT good that they will ruin you for chain pizza ( and most independents as well ) . Guess what we are having for dinner tonight ? 
Having boys rocks !! That many more pair of hands to do the yicky things like kill spiders , and fix things requiring tools and deal with traps . I can't belive what a man my oldest is starting to turn into . Happy and sad all at the same time . 
For my Friend , Jesus , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost !! remember God said if your ashamed of me i will be ashamed of you 
BBQing in February !! How often do we get this lucky in the PNW ? 
An absolutely gorgeous red and purple sunrise this morning . God's crayola box has the most spectacular colors in it . I tired to take a picture to share but the neighboring houses were in the way of the best shots . 
gets to have the < PROPFIRST > towed to the dealership . Hopefully I won't be without a vehicle for too long . 
The < PROPFIRST > is currently behaving itself while the service center is trying to diagnose it . Luckily , the customer service representative drove it last night after it arrived and \it drove like poo . \ " So I have a witness that something is wrong . Now if only it would do it for them ! " 
The builder just called to tell me he will be calling to order a final inspection for a week from today ! Do I dare hope we could be in by the following weekend ? 
just got hit with the realization of what it means to move an entire household with four kids . The last time I moved I was leaving my single life .. that is SO much easier !!!! 
is going to pick up the car that still isn't acting broken . It's nice when your kids misbahave only for you while behaving for strangers , not so much when it's your car that you need fixed !! 
After a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > and dry fall and winter it finally decides to snow . Of course it's 40F outside and wont stick but still .... 
is tired of having other people in the middle of important facets of her family's life ... 
is feeling exeptionally blessed this evening ! 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence- San < PROPFIRST > , Ca . 
Saw a pheasant on the road yesterday afternoon and several other birds I don't think I have ever seen before out back . The boys love playing in the field when I am not working them to death carrying boxes everywhere . 
“We have the right as individuals to give away as much of our own money as we please in < PROPFEMALE > ; but as members of Congress we have no right to appropriate a dollar of the public money . ” - Davy Crockett 
A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government . It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves largesse from the public treasury . From that moment on , the majority always votes for the candidates promising the most benefits from the public treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy , always followed by a dictatorship . 
would like to remind you that the Laws of Physics do not change merely because the operator of another vehicle is an idiot . Your insistance that they will modify themselves out of some sense of justice or righteousness only makes you one as well . 
Last night Cubby found some barbed wire from a neglected agriculture fence . This morning we found our new Pediatric clinic and it's only a few minutes down the road . I am still amazed at the merging of rural and convenience to be found in this place . 
If you need a mortgage product call < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > at 206-484-1760 . He is AWESOME . Our favorite product is called a Home Ownership Accelerator but if he can't do that one for you he will find you a product that matches your financial goals . We have been working with him for a few years now and we have really appreciated the service he gives ! 
I heard what at first sounded like a college party . I was confused because we don't have any neighbors that close , or that wild . So I opened a window up to get a better listen . What we do have is coyotes howling at the < PROPFEMALE > !! 
< PROPMALE>'s Fraud Prevention Department is overzealous , to the point harrassment . I really have to wonder if the man hours the department must accrue in made up busy work irrititating their customers is less than the dollars lost to actual fraud . Job security at its finest . 
New house : awesome . New house out gassing : not so good for the chemically sensitive ! And it's too cold outside to be leaving windows open too much . Hoping spring hurries up so I can get some breathable air . 
is looking for a coleslaw recipe that complements spicy Mexican food really well . Anyone got one to share ? 
Has a new niece !!! 
The point to remember is that what the government gives it must first take away . ~ John S . < PROPMALE > , address , Detroit Chamber of Commerce , 1956 
some days you just wish there was a \reset\ " button for ! " 
rented a rototiller today . < PROPFIRST > though I would find the physical aspect of it hard . Frankly it was when the guy trying to show me how to use it at the rental location started throwing out words like \clutch\ " and \ " choke\ " and \ " throttle\ " that made me go \ " wha-huh ? \"" 
has an awesome hubby and sons . Today we planted 11 fruit trees , 9 blueberries , 20 strawberries , 25 asparagus , 2 artichokes and 4 huckleberries . Looking forward to having lots of yummy fruit in the years to come . 
Many thanks to all for all the wonderful birthday wishes . < PROPFIRST > and the boys will be cooking dinner tonight for me . Usually we go out for my birthday but with the new house I requested instead that they cook dinner and clean up without leaving anything for me to \fix\ " or nag about afterward . " 
thinks there is something inherently wrong with serving fresh asparagus alongside Hamburger Helper . Unfortunately the meal I had bought it for has been postponed due to poor weather and it will go bad before the forecast improves . 
They just did an emergency services test . It's nice to know that in the event of an actual emergency the guy giving directions will be so muffled and static-y and unintelligible as to be completely useless as a source of information ! 
Mozilla seems to break more and more often these days . Curently it doesn't like yahoo's new mail setup or facebook's new photo uploader . Maybe it's time to go back to IE for good . 
Got green beans and snow peas planted this afternoon . Our PNW weather can't decide if it wants to be warm and dry or cool and wet so I planted for both conditions ! I figure either way we'll have lots of one thing and somethign to snack on of the other . 
Got some very yummy chocolate covered strawberries from her hubby for Mother's Day . The berries are HUGE and sweet - I want to grow those in my garden !! 
Lo , children are an heritage of the LORD : and the fruit of the womb is his reward . Psalm 127:3 
so much gardening .. too little sunshine and time .... 
Start up with a new chiro today . I upset something back when we were doing the bulk of the moving and it has been growing consistantly worse through the last few weeks . I've got three fingers that have a mild case of pins and needles almost constantly now . 
we've decided it's time to get a dog . Looking at the shelter listings is heartbreaking .. there are so many that need love . 
is gonna spend all of this gorgeous day in out in her garden . Nobody better come up with something \better\ " or \ " more pressing\ " that I \ " need\ " to do- fresh homegrown vegetables don't grow all year you know ! " 
we got the puppy a day early . Favorite exchange so far \You have to be smarter than the puppy . \ " < PROPMALE>'s reply \ " I'm trying ! \"" 
Gumbo weekend has arrived ! 
I love working out in the garden . I can spend hours out there listening to the peace and quiet of the outdoors . It's a wonderful place to be able hear God . 
rambunctious 3 yo + rambunctious puppy + stairs = constant heart attack !!! 
So .. the smoke alarms at the new house work ! You would have to be dead not to hear them . I was wishing for shorter ceilings when I found out that my kitchen stool + me = not tall enough to reach the \off\ " button ! Dinner's ready . " 
wonders if the breaks in the rain will be cooperative and coincide with the breaks in her schedule so she can dig in the garden some more ! 
We have FINALLY ordered the sleeper sofa for the guest room . We got the foam mattress type with no metal bar running right across the back . Arrival is in 4-6 weeks . Hotel Ancel is now accepting reservations !! 
Found a pair of those thick soft socks you use for hiking while I was unpacking . They feel so nice and cozy on my feet that I think I am going to go shoeless today . I'll regret it tomorrow but it is so rare that I live for today I think I'll just enjoy the next few hours and pop the Ibuporfen in the morning ! 
Rain , rain go away and come back next November ! 
So when we had the contractor upgrade the interior doors apparently we should have known to ask him to use the correct screws - so we have solid core doors ( which weren't < PROPMALE > correct in other ways either ) on hollow core length screws . One by one the doors keep stripping off the screws and causing issues . Who would have thought getting doors right was rocket science ! 
Our premarital class pastor < PROPFIRST > a triangle with husband and wife at the base points and God at the pinnacle . He showed us that as we kept our lives moving upwards towards God's point we also moved closer to each other than we started . If you focus only on your own desires , or only on your partner's faults there is this gulf between- but when you focus on the Prize Above , it only gets better all the way around ! 
after a lifetime of being a night owl I am finally starting to enjoy the beauties of the early morning . I got to watch a family of birds feasting in the yard this morning and sometimes I even spy a couple of bunnies . 
When I see a big neon sign on the freeway telling me they have put extra police patrols on for the \Click It or Ticket\ " program and then they tell me that if I don't vote for their latest tax scheme they are going to have to cut my emergency services my very first thought is \ " Please do ! \"" 
has fallen in love with Murphey's Oil Soap . It cleans lots of surface types other than just wood ( which we do have a lot of ) and whatever they use for the wonderful orange scent does not set off my fragrance allergies at all . It leaves my home smelling so much nicer than the plain vinegar and water concoctions I used to be saddled with ever did ! 
thinks rocks defy gravity . Rather than \falling\ " toward the center of the earth they work they way up into my garden !!! The locals her like to say that the proper name of this place should have been RocKester . Someone must have typo'd that ' K ' into an ' H ' . " 
after two glorious days of sunshine the dreary cloudy weather has returned and left me totally unmotivated to do anything ! 
Today will be the end of the rain !! Forecast show the next 10 days as being full of beautiful sunshine . If you need me , I'll be out in the garden . 
somebody stole my sunshine . They said 10 days and we \ 
only got 4 !! 
< PROPFIRST>'s territory finally got switched to the area here . That means no more I5 commute into Tacoma . It's all country roads and state highways ( which are quite beautiful around here ) from here on out . The timing of so many things came together all at the right time in deciding to move down this way . It is amazing how many \puzzle pieces\ " the Lord puts in place for you if you wait(even impatiently ) on His timing . " 
< PROPFIRST > Hood wasn't stealing from the < PROPMALE > to give to the poor . He was stealing from the IRS to give out refunds to the overtaxed that had been stolen from in the first place . 
So summer , huh ? Not around here . I am loking at a forecast that says today is merely cloudy . My raingutters would have to disagree . Bah Humbug ! 
We have\ 
no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume\ 
wealth without producing it . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
is about to lose one of her babies . ( The oldest is off to summer camp for a week . ) Happy for him , sad for the momma . 
Our regular coffee stand has decided to go bikini barrista . I have four young boys that I am trying to raise to respect women not objectify them . Needless to say we will be finding a new regular coffee stand . 
A woman today said she wasn't going to have empty nest syndrome when her kids finally grew up , she was going to have party nest syndrome . I don't get that at all . I have one kid gone for one night so far and I already feel like someone tore my heart out . I'm going to be a wreck in a few weeks when I have three of them off to camp for a week . 
Love does not consist of gazing at each other , but in looking together \ 
in the same direction . -- < PROPMALE > de Saint-Exupery Here is to celebrating fourteen years with my awesome husband . 
Finally got the summer garden all planted out . Yes , I know I am about a month late but that's what happens when you move in the middle of a NW spring ! Here's hoping we get a nice long Indian Summer so things will have a < PROPMALE > to produce and make it all worthwhile . Next week the Fall garden gets started ! 
Will have all her birdies back in the nest by the end of the day . I hope summer camp was all Cub had hoped it would be . We have missed him terribly ! 
hates being sick when the weather has finally gotten so beautiful . Fever + Heat wave = very grumpy momma . 
Maybe it is because I started it when I was all fuzzy headed with being sick but I am having a hard time getting into \To Your Scattered Bodies Go\ " which is a bit surprising because I really enjoyed the SciFi channel mini-movie based on it . I'm going to stick it back on the shelf and try it again in a couple months . Next up : \ " Fahrenheit 451 . \"" 
is now the mother of a teenager . The good news is that he is an amazing boy whose company I am blessed to be able to enjoy . Happy Birthday Cub ! 
Does every boy goes \ 
through this stage where size 8 pants are too short but size 10 pants \ 
are still WAY too big ? Why isn't there a size 9 ? Every single one of my \ 
boys has had this exact thing happen . Poor kid will have to wear \ 
highwaters till he gets a couple more inches I guess . 
I blew through Fahrenheit 451 - no problem getting into that one at all !! I followed it up with the very short Anthem by Ayn Rand . Although it wasn't planned the two stories complemented each other very well as they both deal with the obstruction of thought and the devolution of society that follows when the free exchange of ideals is prohibited . 
is short three kids for the week . The oldest ones are at Bible Camp until Fri . Yes , that means I am all alone with < PROPMALE > during the day ! 
and a new week of craziness begins . What I wouldn't give for a \free day\ " right about now !!! " 
< PROPFEMALE > and mid 70's as far as the forecasters see . Yay me ! 
If you always have a free hand with which to hold up your obnoxiously over sized pants you must lead the most useless and unproductive life . But don't worry you'll have health care while that elderly grandmother who is STILL working to supplement her insufficient SS check is deemed not valuable enough to spend resources on . Today's ' < PROPFEMALE > - where parasite thrive and hosts are slowly bled dry . 
is back from her forced Internet vacation after an aging video card knocked her off ! 
There are two things that are \ 
very bad when you live in an urban/suburban area that are fairly regular and perfectly harmless occurences out \ 
in the country : the smell of fire and the sound of gun shot very close \ 
by ! 
Whoever coined the phrases \stay-at-home mom\ " and \ " summer vacation\ " are idiots . I hardly ever get to stay at home and that makes it feel far far from being a vacation ! " 
Dear Lord , Thank you for this absolutely gorgeous and amazing day . Amen ! 
Is only 90% of the percent she used to be . In a good way . And no - I won't be providing the math on that !! 
I haven't peeked at other states yet but he < PROPFIRST > for Washington state primaries are coming in . Even accounting for splits it looks like people haven't had enough abuse yet . I am quickly coming to the conclusion that people would rather be taken care of than be free . 
is having \ 
teacher's inservice day while the boys are helping their papa build our \ 
new wood shed . Homeschool starts next week and we are all looking forward \ 
to our new year in our beautiful new schoolroom ! 
is getting tired of dieting . It isn't that the food is terrible- we have had some really amazing food ( Shrimp and avocado tacos anyone ? ) . I'm just tired of every thing we eat coming from a recipe that has to be dug up out of a cookbook and using every last measuring cup/spoon in the kitchen at every meal . Sometimes it's nice to be able to throw dinner together without having to think about it !!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s favorite game is < PROPMALE > the red < PROPFEMALE > . If she sees one of the boys ' flashlight/laser pointers she will whine and cry until they play it with her . What a spoiled dog ! 
This year's school testing is done . I decided to test at the beginning to determine exactly how much they forgot over the summer . It was quite eye-opening . I think that will be our new ritual ! 
Anyone with a rifle and a knowledge of buthchering is welcome to come on over this weekend and harvest yourself a cow . The neighbors have been letting theirs wander for two weeks now and so far have destroyed half my corn and are now going after my fall < PROPMALE > crops . No Brussels Sprouts for me :( 
Happy Constitution Day ! 
I was in Costco stuck behind a \browser . \ " I pull out into the middle of the aisle so I can pass him . He speeds up and prevents me from going around him . Have we really gotten to the point where we drive our shopping carts like we drive our cars ? It's a grocery store not I-5 ! " 
Driving the church youth group to play trampoline dodgeball today . We feel so blessed to have found a church with such an amazing group of young people for our boys to be with . It is so awesome to look at the front middle pew and see a whole row of young men itching to get out into the world to serve the Lord . 
is STILL not grown up enough to use bleach in the laundy ! 
“ < PROPFEMALE > ns are so enamored of equality that they would rather be \ 
equal in slavery than unequal in freedom . The subjection of individuals\ 
will increase amongst democratic nations , not only in the same \ 
proportion as their equality , but in the same proportion as their \ 
ignorance . ” < PROPFIRST > DE TOCQUEVILLE , Democracy in < PROPFEMALE > 
Nothing breaks your heart more than having your child's heart broken . 
has decided that potatoes are the most forgiving of the gardener's vegetables . Despite poor soil , late planting , poor weather , and my having not a clue what I was doing it is the only thing that managed to survive our first attept at gardening on our new place ! 
The \ 
problem with doing all your telephone call business at once is noone is\ 
ever available when you make the original call and then they all return\ 
your calls at the same time ! Reason #29786736756 of why I hate the telephone !!! 
Bought herself pink < PROPFEMALE > pens . Now maybe they will quit \walking off . \"" 
We all want progress , but if you're on the wrong \ 
road , progress means doing an abou t-t urn and walking back to the right \ 
road ; in that case , the man who turns back soonest is the most \ 
progressive . \ 
- C . S . < PROPFIRST > 
has added the newest Toy Story movie to her all time favorites list . That furnace scene was scary though !! 
It took seven months to come up with the first thing I miss about the suburbs : Chinese Food Delivery . Still wouldn't trade it for my beautiful scenery or my peace and quiet or the fact that the boys saw a deer run through the yard today . I will just have to make sure these irksome cravings happen while my husband is still at work so he can pick it up on the way home next time ! 
is pretty sure that Tree Top designs its applesauce container for maximum waste .... 
is a stone ! 
Anyone ever cook their turkey in a paper bag ? If so , does the bag soak up all the drippings or are they still available so you can make them into gravy ? 
To our Heritage Baptist Church family : We are snowbound and won't be able to attend service tonight . We will be praying that everyone has a happy and safe evening and Thanksgiving Day . Love to all . 
According to the Butterball Turkey Calculator I bought a turkey twice the size of what we neded ! And here I was thinking there wouldn't be enough left overs . 
Frontierville players : I need four more RSVP's to be done with that obnoxious quest !. Please click if you see any of mine hanging out on your pages ! 
Spoiled kids .. found < PROPMALE > doing his math laying in the guest bed . So much for all the nice desks I bought them ! 
Economics 101 : You cannot have both lower taxes and all sorts of \free\ " stuff . Things have to be payed for somehow . Decide : do you want the \ " freebies\ " or do you want the lower taxes- and then quit whining when you don't get the other one too . You don't get to have both ! It is NOT POSSIBLE ! " 
Happy Birthday Jesus and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone else ! 
Benjamin : \I don't think I could live in a house with a girl . \ " Me : \ " You DO live in a house with a girl . \"" 
is wondering how disappointed she would be in six weeks if she started some garden seedlings today . 
The dreariest , rainiest , grayest day in the country is still more beautiful than any < PROPFEMALE > day surrounded by strip malls . 
should be far too old to be getting an ear infection ! 
is amazed at how quickly you can get in to see a Dr. when you don't live in the midst of a bazillion people ! 
Mmmmm Mmmmmmm It's Gumbo Day !!! 
They took the sunshine out of my forecast and replaced it with \chance of snow . \ " That is totally the opposite ! " 
Kids wanted t change my phone's ring tone to something annoying . They said they would get away with it since I don't know how to use the phone . I informed them I may not know how to work the phone but I DO know how to use the spanking stick ! 
The amazing teens at our church have a yummy fundraiser going on for their group activities !! Little Caesars Pizza Kits ! Pizza kits , cookie dough , pizza cutters and boards , pretzels , bread sticks and even salad fixins !! You can order online and it ships directly to your home-great for those OUT OF STATERS to help out our fundraiser ! Go to pizzakit.com and our ID #95442 so we get the credit !! LAST WEEK !!! 
Paid $3.69 /gal for gas today . 3.69 !!!!! That is not right ..... 
Just when my hearing was starting to be back consistently .... we go for round two of the Ancels vs . cold season ! 
I hate it when the kids are trying really hard to do something good and instead end up doing something totally stupid . All the more so when it is my tender-hearted < PROPMALE > who takes the smallest bit of criticism like an arrow to the heart . 
We had a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day today that allowed me to get some garden beds dug . It may be all the gardening I get in for the next week between my schedule and the forecast ! 
is often heard saying \Don't do that ! You'll end up having to go to the emergency and I have neither the time nor the money to do that today . \ " Do other mothers of boys have a similar mantra that they end up repeating over and over . " 
Me : How you feeling ? \ < PROPMALE > ( who was sick last night ): \ " Not good . \ " Me : \ " How come . \ " < PROPMALE >:\ " My feelings are hurting cause I want to sleep more . \"" 
Don't let the sunshine-y orange color fool you . Dayquil is every bit as nasty tasting as Nyquil . 
doesn't have to grocery shop for another month ! 
You know you have gotten a \phishing\ " email when it appears to be from Facebook and it starts off with \ " Since you haven't logged in in awhile .... \ " You mean 15 < PROPFEMALE > ago wasn't \ " awhile\ " enough for you ? " 
