is trying to figure out how to use Windows 7 server edition . 

is spending the day driving back and forth to the In Laws for a delayed birthday party , for his son , then working for 3 hours . Happy Father's Day indeed . 
is trying to decide if he feels well enough to go to work tomorrow or if he should call in sick even though it'll screw a dozen things up . 
How did it become 5 when I wasn't looking . I was supposed to be home already . 
thinks that the death of a 50-year old washed up pop < PROPFEMALE > just isn't that big of a news story . I'm much more saddened by the loss of a TV mainstay like < PROPMALE > than by someone that had his 15 minutes then screwed it up by having more plastic surgery than the 
Trying to figure out how to get my butt out of bed at 5:30 on a Saturday to drive to a swim meet . This is not a good weekend . 
is shopping for a new car/renter's insurance company . I know a couple of you folks are in the industry but I don't remember who so drop me a line if you're interested in sending me a quote . 
is done with 11.5 hours at work and going to friggin ' bed . 
is still waiting for MicorSoft to call him back . Nothing like waiting 5 hours for a mission critical issue with a 2-hour callback window . 
Happy 4th Everyone . Sometime today try to remember that we're not celebrating the invention of the BBQ but rather the creation of our country . 
wonders ... if you come home , crash on the couch and dream about work , should you be charging overtime ? 
is trying to decide is a half-pound of Semtex placed on his Exchange server would make his life easier or harder at this point . 
is sitting by the phone at 1:30 AM waiting for MS to call back about Exchange . It's times like these you consider how much you really like your line of work . 
5:15 in the morning and I'm fast approaching the 4th hour on the phone with MS . Not shaping up to be a good day . 
EquiFirst Get Together Reposting at the request of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Churchills Pub - < PROPFEMALE > School and < PROPMALE > - This Friday ( 07/17 ) - 5:30 pm Hope you can make it ! Since I don't have many email addresses ... could you please take a minute and forward this to ev 
is back from seeing < PROPFEMALE > Trek .. Yes , finally . Glad we caught it while it was still in theaters . Now I just have to figure out how to see GI < PROPFIRST > . 
is off to ruin a good 4-day weekend by working all day . 
looking into possible netbooks . Suggestions ? 
is off to totally ignore the 2 servers at work that he's supposed to be working on . It's party time damn it ! 
will not be guilted into pretending today is anything other than the anniversary of a terrorist attack . I do not expect or require anyone else to share my feelings about today but don't you dare tell me I need to be more sensitive , let it rest and move on . 
is sitting in his office thinking that this place gets bloody warm on the weekends with the A/C off . Need to go home and work remote . 
just went through his third round of corporate mergers . Hopefully this one will work out better than my last two . 
is sitting in his office at 10:45 at night , fixing servers , trying to remember why he keeps doing this . 
is going to make it all the way through next week without a self-induced crisis at work . Really . 
is rather pleased with the support by his backup software company . They're a little tough to get a hold of but they always fix my problems way faster than I expect . 
is up at 6AM on Sunday , which is only slightly better than the 7AM yesterday . I have got to teach my cats to SHUT UP on weekends . 
If you dont like the new FB , here is how you can change it back to the old . Look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . ... After dragging to top , click ...... on it . That becomes your default and it is ( almost ) like before . Pass it on 
Home at last . Now if only I weren't sick . =/ 
is working from home today so he can concentrate on a critical project . That will work , right ? Wrong . Been working 2 hours and not gotten out of emails yet . At least I don't have a desk phone . 
I'm thankful to have a nice home for our family and a good job during these times when so many people are lacking one or both . 
is making a point to wish people a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and not just Happy Holidays . 
is having the most relaxed Christmas morning in years . Something surreal about finishing wrapping on Christmas morning and picking up the kids in the afternoon . 
Happy New Year to my friends and family . May your year be just as exciting as you want it to be . 
is willingl < PROPMALE > to be warm next week . No more snow storms please . I'd like to actually be able to keep a schedule this time . 
is sitting at his computer on a Friday night , working on Email , looking forward on only working for about 1/2 of the three-day weekend . Why did I get into this line of work again ? 
Is it a bad thing when your work for the night is only done because your kept going until it was technically morning ? 
is actually getting one of the days of the weekend ( mostly ) off . Here's to not working much today . 
appears to have an abscess from his filling last week . Now I remember why I'm not so fond of going to the dentist . 
Thanks to my many friends and family for the Birthday wishes . May you all have a great St < PROPFEMALE>'s day and have a green beer for me . 
is gearing up for a looooong weekend of working . Hopefully it will go smoothly and we'll be done Saturday night instead of early Monday morning . 
is getting ready to go back to work . Took 36 hours over the last three days to migrate the network . Time to see how many things we missed . 
is debating a trip to CA this holiday weekend for a mini vacation . Standing in lines at an amusement park is not relaxing to me . Any suggestions for destinations ? 
Please put this in your status if you have any friends or relitives who were killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > ! Alderaan was a peaceful planet with no weapons . Understand that the Empire's war on the Alliance is unjustified . The Rebal Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the ... evil Empire continues to kill innocents . 93% of you won't have the courage to post this ! 
Reposting : Go to Newsweek.com and Type : up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , Enter\ 
\ 
Best headline Ever . Thanks < PROPFIRST > . 
Happy Father's Day to all my friends out there . 
heard in the car : \I like this button . it can turn my vibrate mode on and off . \"" 
is sitting in Chandler Hospital waiting for the wife to return from gall bladder surgery . Fun fun weekend . 
is trying to figure out how to take another week off work . 
The wife is home now . Thanks to all for the prayers and good wishes . Now for the long road to recovery . 
is working at 12:30 in the morning on a Sunday . I don't get paid enough for weekends like this . 
Thanks to all my wonderful friends and family for the Birthday wishes . It's been a great day of family time and relaxation , just like w birthday should be . 
