The new 3.2 patch is finally out . Everyone go crazy !!! YEAH !!!!! 

hard classes are hard 
went to the odst midnight release just to buy aion and since down's kid is under aged i had to but him odst i saw my boys there < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > jp and < PROPMALE > was the 3rd person to get it :D 
turning the big 21 tomorrow :) 
It must of sucked for the poeple that spent 500+ dollars for a yankee stadium ticket in the rain to go see the yankees lose . they could have bought a t.v. and watched it at home ... 
Halloween Party was a fun night then off to school in the morning 
We need more Halloween Weekends and note to self get a costume . rofl 
in brawl the two excuses my brother uses after he loses is \im not even trying\ " and \ " you got lucky \"." 
rode a mechanical bull todays :) 
< PROPMALE > Puno is the best dj'er EVER san . 
threw up on myself when i was trying to go to sleep after jp's birthday party ( i slept at jp's ) . jp definatly came in first for being most drunk at his birthday party that's 100% comfirmable . 
it only take one nice pretty girl smile to make my day 
looks like 75k is the cap for honor . wonder if anyone knows what im talking about .. 
woke up and went to my communication class ( on time ) this morning and they were playing eye of the tiger as i walked in while they were taking attendance before people presented their speeches . 
day 2 of arenas and already 1300 . 4 pieces of wrathful gear and counting . get at me san , ganna hit gladiator this season . < do not disturb > FARMING MORE HONOR 
Note to self say hi to cute girls . 
A crazy covention for video games and anime up here for Uconn Storrs . I feel bad for the stamford kids missing out of this stuff because i know they would enjoy this more than me . 
i told z that i was catching some z's . i just feel silly and going to sleep now . 
a couple is two so would that mean a few is three or more and several is roughly seven ? 
met two very nice girls at lunch today . 
found a 4 leaf clover today :) 
Halo : Reach will be available fall 2010 exclusively on Xbox 360 . As a bonus for Halo fans , Halo 3 : ODST will be the key to entry for the Halo : Reach multiplayer beta coming to Xbox LIVE . awesome going back home to play a little of this :) 
August 30th School is in session .. :) :( lol not sure if i'm happy or sad . 
new rating 7up 
YAY BIRTHDAY I SHOULD GO ALL OUT EVEN THO ITS WEDNESDAY AND WEAR A NICE BIRTHDAY OUTFIT AND TYPE IN ALL CAPS ON FACE BOOK TO LET EVERYONE KNOW ITS MY BIRTHDAY BITCHES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to an animated cartoon from your childhood and invite all of your friends to do the same ! Purpose of the game ? So that by Tuesday you can't see a single human face on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories for the FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE ... Help out the cause , STOP CHILD ABUSE !! 
Finally done with finals . Going to miss my professor Mr. Benson who is retiring next semester and i was lucky enough to catch his last Chaucer class . I will especially miss my Children's Literature course simply because < PROPFEMALE > is awesome . I will always < PROPFEMALE > these memories . Thanks again for making this semester really fun and amazing . 
lost a new black Nike sneaker along the road somewhere coming back from the gym . the key wasn't going all the way in for the door on the driving side just my luck . i just hope i never put a baby on top of my car . i'm pretty sure i would put it on the ground instead . 
hitting up the super smash brother brawl tourney later today . 6pm in the student union . going to show people what a good toon link looks like . i need a cheer leading squad :P 
47 people for the brawl tourney . single eliminations . fatal won . really didn't matter where you end off in the tournament one of the two best players could have eliminate one another in the first round . there should be a different way to do it . would be nice to see how people were actually ranked . other than that i gotten really far lost to the guy who made it to the finals and our match was super close . 
it was hilarious watching one person get up screaming , cheering and running around the student union while everyone else had no reaction and just stayed in their seats . LMAO and also why are people so judgmental about the halftime show . you know they aren't going to sound as good as their original song unless they were lip syncing . not many artist can perform and sing well . 
highlight of my valentines day i wake up to a girl giving me free chocolate and next to her a pink hippo with purple and yellow dots . and of course valentines day wouldn't be complete without a midnight release of < PROPFEMALE > verse capcom 3 amiright ? 
