wants some good gumbo . Andouille anyone ? 

And winner of best birthday felicitations for 2009 : < PROPFEMALE > Sladek ! Seriously , thanks to everybody for your well-wishes . I really do appreciate them . 
needs to get away to NGC 598 . Anyone know where to book a wormhole to Triangulum ? 
has champagne tastes on a Budweiser budget ... 
knows : The Melk-man delivers ! 
Like a freight train it hits in my sinus cavities - And to you this truth I spit : I hate allergies . 
just ran a checkpoint for the Wu-Tang alleycat . Konichiwa bitches ! 
: Bikes , bikes , bikes , bikes , bikes . 
CANT SLEEEEEEEEEEEP !!! 
wonders where the summer went . 
see's it's 12:12 and thus he will delve into the hidden space between meaning - But if you conclude that he's in a weird mood , he will confirm you that gleaning . 
is not worried . This is not supposed to be easy , and will be all the sweeter for the challenge when success comes . 
Alright gentlemen , you're back at the Stadium . Let's get this done , shall we ? 
You may have your cheesesteaks and a recent WS ring , but the weight of our 26 prevents me from raising my hand against you ... 
: 27 . That's twenty seven . What ? 
is more and more disturbed by how the commercialization of Christmas creeps closer to the summertime each year ... 
blames it on the a-a-a-a-alcohol ... 
rhymes with \spaniel fryer\ " . Discuss . " 
is mentally unavailable right now . If you would like to leave a message , please do so at the sound of the beep , and he will get back to you as soon as possible . Thank you ! 
is on the right track , he's just not sure of where the train is headed ... 
is liking the weather !!! 
hears them Greezy Wheels turnin ' ... 
thinks he might have once spit on the windshield of the cash cab ... 
wants a sneak-peek at the end of the story - he won't tell a soul , he promises . But his mind is stretched almost to the point of breaking . Fear not , for he shall remain adamant , but c'mon already !!! 
It's January 2 , and I've already broken my resolution not to be broke ... \ 
IT 
< NONE > 
My Long Night is almost over . To be followed by a day of sleeping . The life of the undead , Is not a one to dread - But nor is it one to be envied . We live cloaked in night , Never seeing sunlight - Perhaps that's the source of our frenzy ? 
is officially bored with the Internet . He wants a refund . 
has an inkling that this life thing might actually be simpler than we all make it out to be ... 
Freedom cannot be granted by any government - freedom is a state of mind , heart , and soul . 
Happy last 12 minutes of Groundhog's Day ! 
I wish I had a hoverbike ... 
wishes he could go sledding tommorrow instead of working ... 
observes : There really ain't no rest for the wicked ... 
BASEBALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
shall ride again !!! 
observes : One cannot fix the world with politics . First we must create a more equitable form of economics , and then - and only then - might we have a < PROPMALE > of fixing the rest . 
Coolest tool on the web : http://www.pangloss.com/seidel/Shaker/index.html 
to everyone in New York City : When the weather is nasty , DRIVE SLOWER and you won't keep getting flat tires . Not to mention , learn how to change your own damn tires !!! 
is away from his mind . Please leave a message and when his lucidity returns I will get back to you . 
Don't push me , cause I'm close to the edge I'm trying not to lose my head . It's like a jungle sometimes , it makes me wonder How I keep from going under 
- Now illegal in 46 States ! 
is making his cameo Facebook appearance !!! 
is not the droid you are looking for ... 
has a wicked farmer's tan - and it's still May . 
likes champagne AND beer . What's a budget ? 
won't settle for nothing later ... 
I dream ... I dream of freedom ! http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/384261?m=fa9bf6a0&bws=s 
knows what goes around comes around ... 
is gonna go make a boat . 
wants to go on vacation to McMurdo Station . 
has returned to this century of ours , and is amused . 
O , wonder ! How many goodly creatures are there here ! How beauteous mankind is ! O brave new world , That has such people in't! 
is wasting away in Margaritaville ... Well , except for the alcohol , or the wasting . And no , a woman is not to blame . 
is going to drink beer and eat dead animals . Nuff said . 
< PROPMALE > Smith vs . < PROPMALE > Smith - who will win ? 
I just found out that one of my friends from high school got killed by a hit and run on the FDR Drive this week ... Rest in Peace , Joydeep Sarkar - you had a good soul and will be missed . 
shall strive to thrive , not just survive - for otherwise what's the point of being alive ? 
: Yeah I shot < PROPMALE > Raccoon , but he's the one who declared a showdown ... 
Rain rain go away , I want the freakin game to play ! ( Wait a minute - since when does the NFL stop games for weather ? ) 
likes the fall , but the wind blows dirt in his eyes ... 
notes : These are trying times for us ' 80 babies ; Fear not - for the time of the Metal Monkeys is now . 
Note to self : ask how strong a beer is BEFORE drinking 8 of them . 
Finally made it to the Island today , was wondering if that would happen at all this year ... 
wonders when the damn zombie apocalypse is finally gonna start ? 
needs independent wealth already . 
is in a booth down by the river ! 
Too much turkey ... sleep now . 
is going back on the road . His brain is squirming like a toad . 
Rest In Peace < PROPMALE > Bachrach Beyer . I love you grandpa ! 
La la how the life goes on ... 
I tried to work today , did 1 run , then they sent me home . After coffee and breakfast , net loss to me is $1 . 
Life is about the little things . Like visual confirmation that all of your toes are still attached to your feet . 
I call the Super Bowl now : Steelers 23 , Packers 21 . The fun part will be seeing what ACTUALLY happens . 
I need dollars , dollars , dollars is what I need ... 
I'm glad that terrorism has ended and cops can be free to go after the real criminals : bike riders . 
Rain , rain , go away . Don't come back . 
Lord , give me the power to draft the players who can , let the other owners draft the players who can't , and the wisdom to know the difference . 
In honor of Opening Day , which is a few days away , Please put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a METS fan . Much like depression , being a METS fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously ! There is no known cure for Met-pression ; sympathy or \bright-side\ " logic does not help . We can only raise awareness ! " 
