R . I . P Michael :( 

is praying that Ariza stays here in L . A ... Ya allah ... 
What is a Pyroclastic Flow ? 
wants summer to be over already . 
is ready to prove all of y'all wrong 
has just died !!!! 
hates summer homework with a passion . 
is never eating Lucky Chinese food because i might have eaten pork :O 
< PROPMALE > Odom is stayng in L.A !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wonders what do you say when an atheist sneezes ? 
can make a snowman out of rain . 
can close a revolving door . 
is pissed . 
is praying for his friends mom . RIP May god < PROPMALE > her paradise . 
Its been 5 glorious months !!!!!! 
wants to walk throught the Hospital's Intensive Care Unit dressed as the Grim Reaper ! 
is praying for his Grandfather's soul . May God Bless him and < PROPMALE > him Paradise . Rest in Peace :\\ " ( . I'll always love you . " 
might finally get a job . 
officially HATES AP BIO !!!!!! 
feels on top of the woooooooorld with my laaaaady !!! 
is wondering who the hell got my password !!!! D:< 
is so done with everything and probably lost the greatest person he's ever met in his life . What a great Ramadan ! First his Grandpa , now this ! Alhamdullilah 
is lovestoned :P 
just doesn't know anymoooooooooore !!!!!!! 
is feeling lucky finallllllllllllllllllly !!! 
looooooooooooooves VR !!!!!!! :) (: 
The mind of a child is where the Revolution begins . 
Love doesn't need a complicated metaphor and sometimes , nothing even needs to be said at all . 
LOVES VR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ashadu Inla Ilaha < PROPFEMALE > Allah wa Ashadu < PROPFEMALE > Muhammad arasulo Allah !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HATES Verizon !!!!!!! 
should make a Themepark called \Life \"." 
Grew Up a Screw Up , But somehow Blew Up and got respect like the World Cup . 
= Numb 
doesnt care what y'all say anymore man , I freakin LOVE HER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is missing his babygirl :( ... 
wishes a very Happy Birthday to Laura :D !!!!!!!! 
is \The Man ... The Myth ... The Legend\ " according to all Global news sources and statistical associations . I would like to thank all of you for your support . " 
can float in a pool with no water . 
is tired :O ! 
is an IDIOT !!!!!!!!!!! 
wishes he could just push the Fast Forward Button . 
needs a 1 on 1 with Allah , Im so lost and so empty . 
is down but at the same time greatful for everything . 
All I see is Hatred , Violence , and Cruelty in the world , Why can't we just coexist and love each other Like God wants us too ? Love and Teamwork is the only way to end all this BS . May God Help us all before we fall any further to a point of no return . 
says , \The Only Things You get out of Life are what you put into it . \ " Stay Strong and work Hard :) " 
is Missing his Lakers : L ... BUT Its ALWAYS Better to Be there for Friends :) . Plus We all know the Lakers are on thier way to a Repeat :P , So it's a Win/Win for all of Us :\\ " \") . " 
just CAN'T get out of this funk : L . 
hasn't even begun 2nd Semester , and already has a 17 < PROPFEMALE > assignment to do for AP Bio . Yaaaaaaaaaay ! 
finished his AP Bio Homework and witnessed the Lakers get a good W , thats a Win/Win situation right theeeere :) 
can't stop listening to MJ's \You are not Alone\ " : L " 
THANK YOU EVEEEEEERYBODY For Allllll The Birthday wishes , That really means alot , just thank you guys . Hope You all had a decent day !!!! Thanks Again :\ ) !!! " 
is Thinking : L ........ 
just can't figure it out .. How ? Why ? Uggggh . Imma leave it in God's hands now . Pleeaase God , Pleaaaase:'( ...... 
dodged yet another Bullet :) !!!!!!!!! 
might not have the best life or any of my dreams come true just YET ... But I'm still thankful for EVERYTHING and I can wait as long as I need too for my dreams :) 
is Happy and Sad at the same time , Is that possible ?? Oh well , Just ate some Filet < PROPFEMALE > and spinach , So im all goood . i feel like i'm forgeting something , Oh Yeah , Happy Birthday to My < PROPMALE > Van-n-n-nessssa !!!!!! 
just got accepted to Cal State Long Beach Baaaaay-Beeeeee :) !!!! It ain't < PROPMALE > , but that will be the school that will start My Journey for My Future :D !!!!!!! 
-\Success is Psychological ... \"" 
just totally Demoliiiiiiiished my Bio homework ! Baaaaaang !!!!!! 
is staring into the distance as the pendulum is ticking away the seconds , minutes , hours , days , weeks , months , and inevitably years ; and is just thinking ... \wow\ " . ( Siiigh ) " 
I wish I could go to Sadies with my < PROPMALE > and wish I knew how to dance .... ( siiigh ) FML .. 
has no life ! like seriously , Im always home aside from working or school .. Help me ! 
had a great weekend :) , now looking forward to the school week . 
just cooked some corn with some fish sticks ( so bootleg) ! It's freakin delightful !!! I had no idea I liked cooking this much ! I love it ! Next chef riiiight heeeere !!! 
can't believe it's spring break already , damn ... 
is sick ..... What a great spring break , uggggggggh . Oh well , Hamdullilah(Thank God ) for everything I have in life , good or bad . 
just finished testing at CSULB from 7 all the way until 12 . It was boring , but easy :) ... oh and the campus is freakin enormous , I felt so out of place :( . Oh well 2 more months at OV left to enjoy , soImma make the best of that for sure :) . 
Can't we all just get along ???.... I've experienced this lately , and it's an unbelieveable feeling of happiness . You all should give it a try . 
is hearing rumors about an estimated 8.4 magnitude eartquake striking California within the next 24 hours . All I can say is Suuuuuuuuuuure !!! Either way , pray and be good !!! 
has had an up and down day , although at the moment I got nothing to do ... 
You know , being by yourself all the time is very depressing and makes you feel like a loner/loser , but it makes you appreciate everything and everybody in your life a whole lot more . You're able to think about everything and clear your mind , but it still doesn't get rid of that empty feeling . 
had a fantastic weekend and couldn't ask for a more amazing family and more spectacular friends . I'd like to shout out to the Tahvildari/Rivera family and the Manomat/Cervantes/Rodriguez for a good weekend . Thank You ! 
is in his own world blasting the iPod and just gettin work done like a boss :) . 
has work on Friday and majority of the weekend . ( Siiiiigh ) .... More papercuts coming my way ! Working with the public is fun , but I hate rude people . Have a good Friday and weekend everybody ! ( Even though it's Thursday :P ) 
is greatful ... :) All I can say is Thank God ( Hamdullilah ) for everything and everybody that I have in my life . 
is jolly :) . Imagine that ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all you Mothers out there ! To all the women ( who are mothers ) out there who have impacted the lives of many , and even mine ; Thank you for all that you do and May God Bless all of you . I Love you Mom , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Aunty Ruthy , Aunty < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and My Grandma that I never met ( RIP ) along with my other Grandma in Syria ( < PROPFEMALE > Buhibak wa shukran ) . 
took the AP Biology test today , and honestly it was kinda easy but it was relentless in trying to rape me . Oh well , I survived :) .... I think . 
Where is the Love ?????????? 
doesn't know what to think anymore ... Oh well , for right now im looking forward to Prom tomorrow , it should be a blast :) 
had an amazing day yeserday from eating at the best Persian restraunt to just having ablast at prom :) . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for going with me , it was an honor . And Thanks to her mom for letting us go ! It was soooo much fun , gotta do something like that again ! Hope everybody else had a good time like we did ! 
is stuck here in the library until 10 , then stuck in the gym ( not being able to play ball ) , ugggggh Im so bored , somebody help ! 
is enjoying life one day at a time , I just hope it doesn't come to an end anytime soon , because I've never been happier . Prayer , hardwork , and a little luck is all I need and everything will be all good . 
Reality Check a.k.a Graduation is coming soon ..... Dang :( 
nailed his Senior interview , now just gotta wrap up the loose ends , and I'm done :( . 
I'ts so hard keeping everything inside and covering it up with a smile , but all my life I loved making and seeing others happy . I believe thats what keeps me going , although I hope I never get taken advantage of . To all my family and friends , If any of you ever need anything , let me know . 
Hate me or Love me , I'm always gonna be ME . 
You will know that you truly love someone when you want her to be happy . Even if that means you're not a part of her happiness . 
Appreciate what you have to the fullest extent , and then beyond , because you never know what you really got , until it's gone .. 
In times of difficulty and uncertainty , just remember this : If God brings you to it , he will bring you through it ; God takes and God gives ; Be thankful for every situation that presents itself to you , even the bad ones , because it could always be worse . 
loves everybody in my life and is grateful for every single one of you . 
Pain is inevitable . Suffering is optional . 
So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains , and we never even know we have the key . 
Limits , like fears , are often just an illusion . 
Life's Good :) ... 
\The greatest weakness of most humans is thier hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while they are still alive . \"" 
There's gonna be some stuff that you're gonna see that's gonna make it hard to smile in the future . But whatever you see , through all the rain and pain , you gotta keep a sense of humor , gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit . Remember that ...... \ \ " Smile \"" 
Grew Up a Screw Up ....... 
If I had One wish , I'd .................... ( Sigh)\ 
\ 
Oh well , still grateful for everything . 
Have you ever loved someone so much , you give an arm for ? Not that expression , I mean literally give an arm for ? When you know they are your heart and they know you are their armor , and you would destroy anyone that would try to harm her . But what happens when < PROPFEMALE > turns right around and bites you and everything you stand for turns on you , despite you . What happens when you become the main source of a pain ? 
Maybe its time for me to < PROPFEMALE > up my sneakers , for I have severely gotten worse in basketball over my high school career and until this present time . I guess some things were never meant to be . Anyways , Happy Ramadan ( Ramadan Mubarak ) To everyone out there and I pray Allah makes it easy on all of us . Alhamdulliah ( Thank God ) for everybody and everything in my life . 
is just grateful for everything man ....... 
When you are in love , you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams . 
Just got back from my kinesiology orientation at CSULB , and to sum up everything , I'm going to be one busy dude . It's almost game time , so no more talking about it , only being about it . 
Well , Today is the big day ......... 
Missing someone pretty badly : L , Sigh . 
Que sera sera ... 
Never apologize for what you feel , It's like saying sorry for being real . 
</3 
If shes amazing , she wont be easy . If shes easy , she wont be amazing . If shes worth it , you wont give up . If you give up , you're not worthy . 
thiis be < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > hackking our homie belal's < PROPFEMALE > .. (: we love you <3 haha fool just got jackked . haha we have your laptop !! (: 
A person who truly loves you will never let you go , no matter how hard the situation is . 
Happy Birthday to my 6 and 15 year old nephews !!! I love you guys and am very proud of you !!! Alhamdulliah ( thank God ) for everybody and everything in my life . 
Ugggh this math class is soooo whack !!!! 
Live Life like today is your last day . Pray to the One above for everybody/everything you got in life and pray as much as you can . Spend as much time with the ones you love because you just never know . Live with a smile on your face and a strong mentality , no matter how hard life gets . \ 
Live . Pray . Love . Laugh = Peace and Happiness 
has sooooo much to do , I can't even breathe man . I don't know where to start and the worst thing is , I'm NOT procrastinating ! Bismillah ! 
Don't waste Time or Time will waste you . 
Bismillah .......... 
My MacBook Pro cannot turn off when I tell it to shut down , and it also has a CD inside the Port where it is unable to read it , so when I try to eject it , it wont come out because it thinks it has no CD inside . Can anybody help me or give any ideas :( ???? Please . God Bless 
I like it thick and fully loaded ;) 
Missing the good old days ..... Wondering what my future is like and praying for those dreams to come true . \ 
Imma do me but I guess time tells everything ........ 
What I've learned from life :\ 
Sometimes we expect more from others , because we would be willing to do that much for them .... \ 
I believe the best way to avoid disappointment is to not expect anything from anyone .... \ 
Just be there for the ones you love and when you're gone from this world , thats when your impact will be made . 
Set your goals high , and don’t stop till you get there ..... 
It's sister week . If you have a sister that has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are friends forever . Put this as your status if you have an amazing sister ! 
CSULB is no longer continuing my option in my < PROPMALE > . Kinesiotherapy is gone ! God help me .... 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient has only one : to get better . I know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue ............ 
Even with all the BS downs and hardships life has thrown at me recently , I couldn't be happier . I haven't been the perfect muslim , perfect son or brother , or perfect friend or anything , but I'm satisfied all because of the people in my life are truly God sent gifts . Love my families and friends out there , miss you all ..... 
What do you do when you give everything you got , and it's not good enough ?? 
God Bless OV teachers , miss you all ( except for Biche ) 
I think Laker haters are the funniest people of all time , it's just one loss ( that Lakers should've won ) . They still have the best record in the league , so calm down and get a life . 
Got a new job at On The Rocks grill and bar , should be fun !!! 
Got a new job at On The Rocks grill and bar , should be fun !!! So I now have three official jobs AND I am a full time college student , woooo !!! 
wishes he fasted today because today is like the most miraculous day to fast . Maybe next year : L 
The four ways of making your life successful :\ 
1 ) Build faith in Allah ( God ) to guide you through everything good or bad . \ 
2 ) Build your mind with as much knowledge as you can . \ 
3 ) Build character to create peace and long lasting relationships . \ 
4 ) Build your body to stay healthy and enjoy life longer . \ 
If you pursue a materialistic life , you will never experience true success . 
Hi Belal !!!!! lol what you doing ? well guess what ?!?! Ur rite next to me ! lol 
is so cheesy , I make Kraft jealous . 
Miami just lost to the ....... Pacers ?!? Haaaaaaaa ! 
popcon 215 belal jaiden < PROPFEMALE > toy story 3 
Miss the Big Thanksgiving gatherings with my WHOLE family back in the days ... 
It is Thanksgiving and I'm thankful for everybody/everything in my life and do not take any of it for granted . EVERYDAY should be a day of giving thanks , not just once a year .... \ 
My personal list is endless , but ... \ 
1 ) Islam\ 
2 ) Family ( Including a new addition I WILL add within the next 8 years :} )\ 
3 ) Friends\ 
4 ) Food and water obviously\ 
5 ) A roof over my head\ 
6 ) Everything else on my never-ending list ... 
There will NEVER be enough darkness in this world to extinguish the light of Islam . 
Man , Imma miss Immortal Techniques speech and performance tonight because of work . I was soooo hyped :( 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > Brown ! Has a good future with the Lakers for sure ! 
Giggity Giggity Goooooooooooo !!! 
Wonder what my near future and far future hold for me . 
I hate life's ups and downs man , but I still appreciate everything , whether it be negative or positive . Much love to everybody in my life , from God to his prophets , from my family to my friends , from muslims to non muslims , from my employees to my fellow college students , to the people that have critisized me without hesitation , and finally to all the people that straight out hate me . Thank You . 
Thinking about changing my < PROPMALE > to Sports management .... looks very promising and prosperous , as well as enjoyable . Any feedback ?? 
My life is like the rain , a blessing but depressing ..... even though I love the rain . 
Many people ask about why they are being tested by Allah and why this or that happens . The Prophet ( peace be upon him ) once said : ' The greater reward comes with the greater trial . When Allah loves a person He tests them ; whoever accepts that , will earn divine pleasure and whoever is discontent with that will earn divine wrath . ' [ Tirmidhi 2396]\ 
Masha'Allah ....... Alhamdulliah 
SO close yet SO far away ..... 
is speechless about how lost humanity has become due to television and radio , like 98% of people try to be who they see on TV or hear on the radio and live their lives the way these things preach to us . Im so disgusted by it , it's destroying mankind and even changes our actions and our identities ! Am I the only one who sees this ?!? Because it sure feels like it . 
So I got two A's , two B's , and one C my first semester of college which equals a 3.14 ......... -____- 
if you think I'm nice , LIKE this status . If you love me , put a ? . If I'm a good friend , put a :) . If I'm your best friend put a [: D ] . If you ever had a crush on me , put a XD ...... If you don't like me , put a :( . If you hate me , put a x ( . And if you are brave enough , post this as your status . 
God Bless Winter Break 
Not knowing what I want to < PROPMALE > in yet is so STRESSFUL , DEPRESSING , and DISCOURAGING . Ugggggggh 
“He who imitates a people will be from among them ( on the Day of Judgement ) . ” [ Abu Dawud ] I think this is an important Hadith to remember in today's times . 
I wish people understood me better . I wish I could come up with answers for all the world's problems . I wish people would appreciate things/people before they're gone . I wish people knew their potential if only they weren't looking at themselves from the eyes of people that hate them . I wish we could all just get along . I wish the best to all the people that told me I couldn't do something with my life . I wish .... 
Words cannot describe how I feel right now ......... 
At this moment there are 6,870,818,671 people in the world and I ONLY want you ......... 
