“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 

Usually I'm humble , right now I don't choose You can leave with me or you could have the blues Some call it arrogant , I call it confident You decide when you find on what I'm working with ... 
Feelling a little stressed out :-( 
I was sooo mad ... and all I could do was laugh , How weird is that ??? 
Im so heated someone just stole my phone and I only had it for two weeks errrrrr !!!!..... Well its just a phone right I'll get over it , Just not right now :.( 
Is Thinking about swinging by the doctors office today ? 
God , I hope this happy feelling I have inside never goes away !!!! 
Don't Cry to me , If you loved me you would be here with me , you want me , Come find me ! Make up your mind ! You never call me when your sober you only want me ' cause its over , its over . \Call me when your sober\ " -Evanesence- " 
I hate Fake girls , I hate Fake guys .... I hate fake people . Wait I thinnk theres a song like that ...... My head is so going to hurt in the morning :.( 
In Williamsburg V.A. on vacation .. Just finished playing mini golf with my cousins .... Now off to Walmart since theres non in New york . 
I lost my phone :-( .... Well all the reason o buy a new one ~ Shrugs ~ :-) 
The wind just blew a whole patio set into the pool ... Crazy !!!! Lol 
Why is it that everytime alot of good things happen to me , alot of Bad things follow ?... Life sux sometimes :_( 
NIYA !! STOP !!!!!!! 
Ahh Home finally . After a long but wonderfully surprising day :-) 
There are times that I hate u , But I can't complain ... 
If your down ... Like we talked about ... meet me at PLAY around 12:30 tonight . 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are so Crazy !!! lol 
I slept 12 hours ... 
Taking a little break from my scene ... Getting ready to leave Packing my bags ... 
Now that Ive seen you , all of you who you really are stripped to the core ... I know that I need you much less than I did before ... 
Getting ready to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s lake for a bonfire tonight ... Can't wait 
heard the Jay-z concert was hot .. . wish I could have made it . Smh 
To be or not to be , NOT !! 
Is Getting ready for Movie Night with the girl and guys . 
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains , because the average man can see better than he can think ! 
Death is a challenge . It tells us not to waste time ... It tells us to tell each other right now ... How we really feel ... That we love each other ... Tomorrow is a mystery 
Things change and things are somehow forgotten ... But life doesn't forget ... Its PEOPLE who change things and its PEOPLE who forget . 
Hunny Bunnies here !!!! 
I'm calm in my confort zone 
Clouds filled with stars cover the skies , ( cover the skies ) And I hope it rains , You're the perfect lullaby , What kind of dream is this ? You could be a sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare Either way I don't wanna wake up from you . 
OMG SoOo Sick :-( 
Please leave me alone !!!! 
What do you hope to get out of life ? 
Live life like you were to die tomorrow and Learn as if you were to live forever . 
I want some Avocado 
Is playing Hide and go seek with a cute little 5 year old named < PROPMALE > 
Sweet Dreams :-) 
I finally got my Avocado :-) 
Yum hot soup .. made by grandma 
Is Going to bed early . 
:-( I lost my voice .. second tme this month ... Im SAD :-( 
\The truth will set you free\ " ... Lies get you nowhere . " 
Still Don't have a voice !!!!!!!!!!! 
Don't Text Me 
What is Monkey Bread ? 
Hanging out with , Me , Myself , and < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
Ambiguity Is A Choice . 
Hearts are not to be had as a gift , hearts are to be earned . W.B. Yeats 
I just had some Shark ... It was Pretty good . lol 
Trying to remain Cheerfull and Optimistic . 
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG sooo Fustrated !!!!..... But Im still optimistic . 
Helping prepare for the school snack sale 
XOXO Sweet Dreams =) 
My Neighbor has the flu and everytime he coughs it sounds like a sea lion at the Zoo . LOL 
In the Poconos ... Had a good weekend Tenis , swimming , the works ... Chill'in with < PROPFEMALE > and Fam . 
Big cities white lights Sleep all day Up all night . 
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul ; that makes us reach for more , that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds . 
It's just a day that brings it all about . Just another day and nothing's any good . 
Figure it out now because for me its Forever or Never there's no in between . 
Im still in love with you boy ... 
Where are you ? The one who sets my soul to sleep , The one who makes me feel home no matter where we go , The one who always makes my heart smile .... Will you ever come back ?.... Should I just pretend you don't exist ?... Maybe I'll just forget you ... 
Someone told me this today : ... Marriage is a three ring circus : engagement ring , wedding ring , and suffering . 
jUST GOT IN THIS sNOW IS crazy !! 
I just don't know what Im gonna do .... 
Lately I haven't really been holding back ... I need to listen and learn when it comes to love rather than speaking my mind so much . I need to slow down , hold back a little . 
Should I be worried ? 
If you < PROPMALE > two rabbits , Both will escape . 
Ohh My God I'm so In love I found you finally !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Soca music is blasting ! 
Black 
Every morning I realize that this might be the last day of my life ... 
Así que no va a ser fácil . Va a ser muy duro . Vamos a tener que trabajar en esto todos los días ... 
Is just having such an awsome day and it keeps getting better ;-) 
I don't wanna leave but I gotta go right now ... 
Its WHaTEvAA !!!! 
Life is not about finding yourself . Life is about creating yourself ... 
Sitting here with an ice pack on my head ... I just want the soreness to go away :-( Wah . 
I love health freaks ! 
I wish you would lol , Punk ! 
I know u said to me \This is exactly how it should feel when its meant to be\ " Time is only wasting so why wait for eventually If we gonna do something about it We should do it right now .... " 
Can't wait till I move out , really can't wait . 
Today wasn't the best day for me but hopefully it will change soon . 
Yum Coffee :-) 
Change of weather still together when it ends . 
Home Spring Cleaning ... But what I really want to do is Go outside . 
Omg . Don't worry you'll be just fine ... On to the next ... 
Love getting free things At the mall with my bff . 
is Complicated , Original , Impulsive , Independent , Expressive , and Creative ... Well to me that just means Im artistic . 
Sorry but You can't cage a bird when they're made to be free ... 
Driving slow on Ssunday morning and I never want too leave . 
At SEA With my besties ... Wish you were here . Xoxo 
OMG ! I don't want to go home yet . :-( 
Love isn't just a word it's a feeling and a choice . Which leads to certain expectations . If you can't follow through ... then don't say \I love you \"." 
'' To appreciate the highs , one has to understand the ever following lows \." 
\Real Knowlege is to know the extent of ones ignorance \"." 
At the mall with my Bff . 
Someone told me ... That when you harbor bitterness happiness will dock elsewhere .... So true . 
Im at a loss for words I don't know what to tell you ... But Im pretty sure its not what you think . 
I'm like so high on coffee right now . How will I ever sleep tonight ? 
Aww my head hurts so much right now , And I can't sleep :-( 
Just wait ... As soon as the sun rises is when I'll fall asleep . 
Omg ! So Im writing an article and I'm almost finished , When the internet acts up and I loose the whole article :-( 
If I don't want to talk .... Then I don't have to talk to you ... so get over it ... and please get over me . 
\You only want it cause its over \"." 
It was the sweetest dream ... :-) 
Today I got a free trip to Dorney Park ... We had to run to catch the bus but we made it . And we had a blast . 
I feel comepletely rotten :.( 
: Unbelievable , Unbelievable . 
Errrr ... You make me vomit !!! 
Really ? Really ? Just when I thought you were growing up .... 
Lately moved to stay in thought of you ... Guess just miss being around you ... Life isn't bad but its not the same without you ... 
Hey Boy ! I really wanna be with you ' cause you just my type , Ow na na na na 
Its a beautiful day and Im sick errr !!!!!!!!!!!.... Idk Im still gonna go out later . 
Im like so eating a raw onion right now in attempt to kill this sickness ... And Its actually working . 
IM SO TIRED ... NEED to CATCH SOME MORE Zzzz 
Is in a state of nostalgia . 
Why am still Awake ??? 
I wish I could just take my room and fly away ... 
Ohh I hope this stupid Flu is gone by tomorrow ! 
Party at < PROPFEMALE > Secret store Queens Center Mall ! 
Jealousy is the ugliest trait . 
If you have a nightmare ... It doesnt mean you stop dreaming . Dont give up on love because of what she did too you ... 
I'm on cloud 9 ... Today was a really good day :-) 
They got nothing on you baby . 
... Aww your cute ;-) 
Even in a big city like New York , There are just some people you can't escape . 
I can't wait till this year is over ! 
I tell everyone I smile just because ... 
