Just came across my best friend from 4th grade on here and was overwelmed with joy .... 

Both of my girls are sick which means they are cranky as hell ... times like this , I wish I could just get away but someone has to take care of them !! 
Yesterday , both my girls were sick . Today , all three of us are sick ... we all feel so miserable . 
Sissy ( Ashlynn ) and I are feeling better but < PROPFEMALE > is now the really cranky one . I wish this would pass soon so everything can get back to normal . 
My girls and I are pretty much over this head/chest cold . Thank GOD . The girls are still a little cranky but things are pretty much back to normal . 
a message about a cause invite I sent out ... back in < PROPFIRST > my mom was diagnosed with colorectal cancer . It is the #2 cancer killer . She has 2 weeks of treatments left before we find out if the chemo and radiation has worked . If it has been shrunk down , then in April we will do surgery . Please join this cause ! We need all the support we can get . 
Monday night as we were heading to get Chinese , I got a phone call .... Ashlynn was chosen to be in the 2010 book of Most Beautiful Babies !!!! YEA !!! 
Last week while heading to get some Chinese , I got a call ... Ashlynn was picked to be in the 2010 book of Most Beautiful Babies !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > just got a modeling contract !!! 
You know .. I am getting < PROPFEMALE > fucking tired of people talking shit about me and my life when they know NOTHING except what one person tells them ... when you have walked a mile in my shoes and know what really has happened , then talk to me but til then FUCK OFF !!! 
You Tube http://dinovincenzopatroni.com/video/ 
Sitting here next to a great guy playing on here ... probably should spend some time with him ... lol ... Love you Baby !!! 
Just sitting here wondering how a family member can steal from you ..... HOW ??? Its family !!! I am < PROPFEMALE > confused right now .... Maybe I need to turn into a bad person , maybe then good things might come to me ... I try to do the right thing and I get shit on but the people I know that do horrible things to people have good lives . 
Sitting here bored out of my mind ... everyone is asleep so Im playing some stupid games here on FB 
Off to take a bath ... 
I love taking a nice long hot bath ... makes all the stress of the day go away !!! Bad part is after you get out and the kids start driving you crazy again .... SIGH .... Cant wait to see my baby tonight after a long weekend with out him ... 
< PROPFEMALE > just got her first pair of glasses ... She looks < PROPFEMALE > cute . She picked out some blue wire frames ... the color matches her eyes . 
I wish my babies would get out of this stage where they keep pinching each other ... < PROPFEMALE > pinches Ashlynn so Ashlynn starts crying , Ashlynn pinches < PROPFEMALE > and she starts crying and it keeps going back and forth .... OMG , JUST STOP ALREADY !!! 
I have NO idea what to make for dinner .... 
Why does bad shit happen when you are happy and enjoying life ? Another question .. why is it that when you get into a GREAT relationship , the horrible guy that you left wants to get back together ? Why cant they just be happy for you and move on ???? 
My day started off GREAT but quickly turned sour .... My mom is back in the hospital and isnt doing so good . Shes down to 92 lbs and they are trying to get her to gain some weight through different IVs . She had some drainage from her surgery and is going to have to get more surgery this week to try and fix the problem . Shes in A LOT of pain . So much more going on but not enough time to talk about it !!! 
Did you ever have one of those nights where you wished it wouldnt end ?? Had one of those last night and when I saw it was 5 in the morning I knew we had to go to sleep ... 
I miss my baby tonight ... Got so use to him sleeping in bed with me and holding me while I go to sleep but hes staying at his apt tonight .... sigh ..... 
The funniest thing ever just happened with Ashlynn .... I was laughing so hard ... GOD I love my kids !!!! 
Well , Mom gets to come home from the hospital tomorrow . Been there for weeks now . Hopefully she wont have to go back til her surgery in 3 months . 
Mom got home a couple hours ago !! She seems to be doing so much better ... Shes actually eating and right now shes taking a nap . Ill keep those who know her updated . 
Mom's been back home since Sat . Shes doing really good . Took her to see her oncologist and NO MORE CHEMO !!!! YEAH !!!! 
I miss my baby so much .. Since we first got back in touch we have talked everyday and since we started dating we have been together every day . Its been a week and Im going crazy without him . AT cant end soon enough !!! 
I want to say Happy Father's Day to all the guys out there who arent fathers but they are DADDIES !!! This day is for you too ! You step up even though you dont have to ! ( The girls and I miss you Baby !! ) 
Just a few more miserable days before my Baby comes home ... Cant wait !!! 
Friday cant come soon enough ... I cant wait til my Baby comes home ! The girls and I miss you !!! 
Less then 48 hours to go !!! Ill be back in my Baby's arms Friday afternoon .... Wish tomorrow was Friday !!!! 
If they leave on time , my Baby should be back by noon tomorrow !!!! Today is probably gonna drag on and on ..... Luckily I wont have to go through this again for another year !!! 
I miss my baby like crazy .... now it seems like Ill have to go even longer without seeing him !!! ( SIGH ) 
The next few hours are gonna be the LONGEST of my life !!! Ill see you soon Baby ! 
My Baby got home last night !!! I feel complete again !!! 
OMG , I went out last night for the first time in FOREVER !!! I had the best time with my baby . We didnt get back home til way after the sun came up and Im going on like 2 hours of sleep cause of the kids but it was well worth it !!! 
Getting ready to go get a PPO .... fun ... fun ... fun !!! HOpe you all have a great day and I hope my Baby gets to feeling better !!! I love you , Baby !!!! 
Im feeling a bit better ... My Baby should be here soon and then I will be a lot better !!! 
I love it when you see someone on here that was a BITCH to you in high school and you find out that they have gotten FAT since then and you still look good !!!! 
So < PROPFEMALE>'s 3rd birthday is in 9 days , havent got anything planned or anything .. I can get a cake and all that easily but I dont know what to do !!! HELP ME !!! I dont want her to think that Ive forgotten about her , Ive just been so stressed lately . 
Had the best weekend with my family ... Went swimming on Sat and on Sunday we went to a couple cook outs and then off to the firework show downtown . Last night , the girls and I stayed the night with < PROPMALE > and I think that was the best sleep Ive had in years !!! I love you Baby !!! 
We are having < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party on Sat . Anyone wanting to attend , let me know so I know how much food to buy . 
Birthday party tomorrow , 2ish , pool and cook out !!! 
Ive been under the weather for the last few days , been downing Nyquil ... now all I hear coming from the girls while they are sleeping is coughing , and they are sooo whiney during the day ... Gonna be a loooong week with 2 sick babies .... 
doesn't own a fancy car or a mansion or have extra money in the bank , but I am richer than those that do because of the 2 wonderful girls that call me \MOMMY \"" 
I really wanted this done a long time ago but < PROPFEMALE > IS POTTY TRAINED !!! She has had a few accidents when she cant get to the bathroom fast enough , but for the last couple weeks the only time she has had diapers on is when she sleeps . Shes getting too big !!! 
WTF is up with country music now ?!?! Nickelback has a video on CMT and there's a country rap song called \Chicken and Biscuits\ " and it is the STUPIDEST song I have ever heard . LEAVE COUNTRY MUSIC ALONE " 
My birthday is in a couple days ( Aug 5th ) and we are having a party on the 7th . Anyone wanting to attend send me a message and Ill tell you where and when ..... Cookout , Pool , and a couple cakes ( possibly some adult beverages , if not you can bring your own ) .... Kids are welcome !! 
Happy birthday to me , Happy birthday to me , Happy birthday to meeeee .... happy birthday to me .... BLAH BLAH FUCKING BLAH !!!! This sucks , next year I can no longer say Im in my 20s ...... 
Thank for all the birthday wishes ... Didnt get to go out so my BF got almost $100 worth of drinks for us to share at home ... Going out Friday night instead and having the party on Sat afternoon . Message me if you want to come .... 
BLAH 
< PROPFEMALE > startes school this week .... her first yr and she is sooo excited . Im happy that I get to send her since she is only 3 . I start back to school in a couple weeks and I cant wait ! Its nice to have freedom again !!! I love my girls and my baby !!! Have fun all my fb friends !!! 
An update for everyone thats been following my mothers progress .... She had ( hopefully ) her last surgery on the 3rd , got discharged a couple days later but was readmitted within 48 hrs . She was there for almost a week but has since been discharged yet again .... Now she is doing GREAT and she is going to go back to school , starting on the 27th . Keep her in your prayers !!! 
An update on my mom . We went to her heart Dr. today and was so concerned that tomorrow at noon she is getting a heart catheterization and an angiogram done . Hopefully everthing will be good news . If they cant do stints then they will schedule a bypass . 
So we have some good news ... theres no blockages which means no stints or a bypass . Now we just have to find out why all of her EKGs are so eratic . 
Got some unsettling news this morning ( not about mom ) .... sigh ...... I cant talk about it right now but I will soon ...... 
For my 3 claases , I got all of my work done for this week in just over an hour !!! 
Just did pumpkins with the girls .... pics to follow in just a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Starting this coming week , < PROPFEMALE > is gonna be selling peeler cards ( McDonalds and MultiMerchant ) and flower bulbs that are 100% guaranteed to bloom .... message me if you want anything .... Its a fundraiser for her school ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > and Ashlynn are entered into the Baby Gap Casting Call ... please vote for them for fan fav .... thier < PROPFIRST > are as follows , < PROPFEMALE > is 47553 and Ashlynn is 475618 ... www.gapcastingcall.com 
ok so < PROPFEMALE > gets her first school picture taken tomorrow , but she might not be able to go to school . She didnt get to go today cause she was throwing up all night and even on the way to school . Next Fri we are redoin the tests on her kidneys to see if she still has reflux . Keep her in your prayers . 
Next Fri we are redoin the tests on < PROPFEMALE>'s kidneys to see if she still has reflux . I have almost lost her twice already . Keep her in your prayers . 
8 Inches :-( 
I am so f***ing pissed right now ... I could really do harm to this stupid son of a b**** !!!! 
Why is it when you give a guy a < PROPMALE > to try and be a father , he acts like an ass and doesnt do what he promised ??? GROW THE F *** UP , BE A MAN , AND TAKE CARE OF YOUR KIDS !!!!! 
Ashlynn's second birthday is next Wed ( 10th ) . Next Sat ( the 13th ) , we are having a party for her . Anyone wanting to come , message me . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing her smiles .. Post this if you're against Domestic Violence . 
Today is Ashlynn's 2nd birthday !!!! She is getting to big .... PARTY SAT !!!! 
Thanks to everyone who showed up for Sissy's birthday party ... She had a great time and I hope everyone else did too !!! 
Why does life have to be < PROPFEMALE > fucking hard ???? 
I cant give out details but one of the kiddos at Sissy's daycare really needs some prayers sent his way . He is having a REALLY difficult time right now . All I can say is I really want to beat some ass !!!! 
I have the greatest BF ever ... He went ahead and gave me a Christmas present early since it came in today ... bought me a new laptop .... how did I get so lucky ??? 
Taking the girls to the circus tomorrow ... < PROPFEMALE > went when she was like 4 months old and Sissy has never been so I hope they enjoy it . 
OMG . Has the Circus always been so long ? We left after 2 hours and it was only intermission !!! \ 
BTW , I really hate seeing those \wild\ " animals in cages and being used like that !!! " 
Homeless \ 
go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicine . Mentally ill go \ 
without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go \ 
without benefits that were promised to them !! Yet we donate millions of\ 
$$ to other countries before helping our own 1st ! Only 1% of Facebook\ 
... users will re-post this message and the rest won't have the guts \ 
to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% , what about you 
PLEASE DO THIS ! When filling out your Christmas cards this year , take one card and send it to this address : A Recovering American Soldier , c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Medical Center , 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue , NW Washington , DC 20307-5001 . If we pass this on and everyone sends one card , think of how many cards these wonderful , special people , who have sacrificed so much would get . Please copy and post on your wall . 
gotta pick up a friend at Louisville airport , he just touched down in Vegas 
Getting ready to go get dressed for the < PROPFEMALE > Underwood concert !!! GONNA BE GREAT . They released 250 more seats today , on the floor , $400 a piece . 
< PROPFEMALE > Underwood put on one hell of a show last night .... Never heard of the Sons of < PROPFEMALE > but they were pretty good also .... All in all , a GREAT show !!! 
Why is it that when you forget you have a grilled cheese on the stove , it turns out PERFECT , but if you stand over the stove it winds up getting burnt ??? 
I took Sissy to get her eyes checked on Thursday ... Not good news ... 20/600 .... if they cant correct them to at least 20/200 then she will be concidered legally blind ... 
time to go get the girls .... gonna miss this peace and quiet .... 
So I went to WalMart tonight to get something for dinner and some Christmas stuff ... Picked out a new tree and when I went to pay , the cashier was so interested in sissys glasses she forgot to scan it and I didnt realize it til I got home .... 
Time to wrap some presents .... night FB 
joke for ya .... Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute ???? 
Thr daycare that my youngest goes to has kids there that will not have a Christmas ... Anyone that can help , message me ( even if its just dollar store toys ) .... Thank you in advance ( I can give gender and ages if needed ) 
The daycare that my youngest goes to has kids there that will not have a Christmas ... Anyone that can help , message me ( even if its just dollar store toys ) .... Thank you in advance ( I can give gender and ages if needed ) 
Why are people so heartless ??? This is suppose to be the season of giving ..... 
This year is almost over ... confess something you've always wanted to tell me , ( send me a message ) it will stay between us . Put this as your status . You might be surprised on what people tell you :) 
MMMMMM ... Cappuccino Creme Cake !!!!! 
anyone know where people are hiring ??? I need a job . 
I have the best BF ever .... he is layin with the girls in their room watching Polar Express .... 
Thanks to < PROPMALE>'s family , the girls had a GREAT Christmas .... pretty sad that their father didnt do shit for them .. but what should I expect , he is a piece of shit ... I LOVE YOU < PROPMALE > !!! Thank you for all you do .... 
I hate trying to find a job !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > wanted to eat peas over pizza .... go figure .... 
I've carried children within my body , slept with babies on my chest . I've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts . I've been puked on , peed on , and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM , and there is no greater honor or blessing !! Post this as your status if you are proud to be called \MOM \"!" 
< PROPFEMALE > got her preschool report card today . She has many \Satisfactories\ " and some \ " Improvings\ " . Not one bad remark .... Im so proud of her .... She is growing into a great young lady .... " 
Had a great time last night ... Thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ... it was nice to get out without the kiddos ... 
I am about to start deleteing people off my friends list .... If all you do is post music and take up room , than you are gone ..... 
Sitting here watching Tosh . 0 and eating poppers .... good times 
Im sorry to those of you who have tried to IM me on here and I havent responded .... I leave FB up behind other things that I am doing and it is also up when I am in bed . 
OMG , I hate the days that the girls get a LATE nap ... their bed time is 7:30 but Sissy is still awake .... 
OMG , I HATE PEOPLE ...... 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment/supplies . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping are own first . 1% will re-post and 99% wont have the guts to re-post this 
champagne 
Good night FB ... see you in the A.M. 
I think Im gonna go to bed ... been a long day .... 
¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER or DAUGHTERS in the world !! \ 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? •*\ 
¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
I need to go to the store , but I dont want to get out in the cold/snow :-( 
thinking of ordering something for dinner that delivers ..... 
its funny ... EVSC is already out of snow days .... looks like the kiddos will be in school during the summer .... 
hates it when you are playin a FB game and you do one little thing and level up which means you loose a hole bar of energy 
is away from the computer ... 
got to go to the store to pick up something quick for dinner .... 
Why is it when I spend FOREVER making dinner , the girlies just pick at it but when Im running late and make hamburger helper , they gobble it up ???? 
for the women out there ... if you were a bridesmaid , what kid of favor would you rather have , a keepsake or something edible ? And what kind ? ( If its a keepsake , what kind , or edible , would you rather have like chocolates or what ) 
watching Being Human and then heading to bed ... there BETTER be school tomorrow .... 
A great friend of the family passed away during the night .... RIP < PROPFIRST > .... < PROPMALE > , if you need anything , feel free to call or message me on here ..... 
going to take a nap ... stressful day 
My Baby is back on FB ... YEAH .... He closed his account a few months back 
If you’re an Indiana resident you can get out of medical costs by praying for you child . \ 
\ 
Its a law that is still on the books 
Good Night Everyone 
Well , Night FB 
So for the last 2 weeks or so , Sissy has woke up in the middle of the night and climbed in bed with us .... WTF 
Well Im going to go join my bed , pillow and blankie .... Hope everyone has a good night .... See you all soon ... 
I have the GREATEST boyfriend .... For the last 2 days he has gotten up with the girlies and taken care of them so I could sleep in .... He cleaned up for me this morning while I was sleeping . I love you Baby .... 
Well G'night FB ... Im going to join my bed , pillow , and blankie 
night FB .... 
Are any of my FB friends/family blood type O 
gnight FB 
off to take the girlies to school and daycare 
Ive got a freakin migraine , my back and neck hurts ( must of slept wrong ) . I just wanna go back to bed but Ive got to go to the store ... ggrrrrrrrrr ..... 
Seems like every time I turn around today , something else is going wrong . I think I need to go back to bed and try this day over !!!!! 
About to head to Cheer Zone to see about putting the girls in gymnastics 
Sissy said she had to potty and ran to the bathroom . I put her on the potty and she pooped ... A LOT ..... LOL 
any of my FB friends/family blood type O ???? 
GRRRRRRR 
well FB , I think its my bedtime ... I have to get up early to get the girlies off to school and daycare .... If you need me , text me .... 
OMG , Sissy has another ear infection ..... 
Im gonna cuddle with the girlies and watchb a movie ... Hopefully Sissy feels better tomorrow , gonna take her to St. < PROPFIRST>'s Conv . Care in the a.m. 
Is it just me or does Fergie sound like < PROPFEMALE > while doin Sweet Child O Mine ? 
How DARE Best Buy ... Trading Ozzy for Beiber ? That commercial was WRONG ..... 
OMG , why is my computer running so slow this a.m. ????? 
ProFlowers SUCKS .... ordered $20 flowers and it wound up costing me $50 ..... WTF ... 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day All .... Hope its a good one 
Gas going up to $3.15 /gallon at 8 PM . Per people at Thorton's . @EvansvilleWatch < Passing it on ! 
Got a call today , < PROPFEMALE > has an audition Sat but its in Chicago .... to go or not to go ?!?!?!?! 
Bow Chicka Bow Wow , Thats whats my baby says\ 
Mow Mow Mow , And my heart statrs pumpin\ 
Chicka Chicka < PROPFEMALE > Wop , Never gonna stop\ 
Gitchy Gitchy Goo means That I love you ..... 
Got in from Chicago about an hour ago .... EXAUSTED 
GOt 30 mins before I get to call and see how < PROPFEMALE>'s audition went . I think she did great , but we will see what they thought ... wish us luck .... 
Come on 10 ; 30 ..... 
I am sooo nervous , my heart is about to pound out of my chest ..... 
YEAH , she was choosen .... 
So , we have to go back to Chicago on Monday to go over specific and the contract .... Gonna be a LONG day ..... 
So we gotta go back to Chicago in a couple days . NOT GONNA STAY THERE . People in Chicago are rude , annoying and dont know how to drive . Gonna stay in Indy . At least < PROPMALE > will get to spend time with his brother and friends in Indy ... 
Sittin here in Indy , about to head on to Chicago ... Gonna be a long day again .... 
So its a 3 yr contract and if the \host\ " ( lack of a better term ) agency likes her then they will pick up her contract . " 
She is 3 1/2 and has her own entourage .. her own photographer , own make-up artist , body guard ( if ever needed ) and a live in nanny ( when needed ) ... LMAO 
well I gtg and help my Baby with some homework .... Text me if you need me .... 
I dont know why , but everything is pissin me off lately . A few people have made my blood boil in the last week or so . I feel like screaming and crying at the same time . I feel like Im about to have a melt down . What is going on with me ?!?!? 
Does anyone have any 2T-4T girls clothing that they could pass on ??? Kids grow so fast and clothes are expensive ..... 
just realized what time it is .... Night everyone 
< PROPMALE > just got a good call .... things are starting to look up a bit ... 
Get my new phone tomorrow ... those who want my new number , message me 
I deleted a few people off my friends list . If you can see this , it wasnt you .... lol 
Sitting here at the colorectal cancer survivors breakfast with my mom . 
Ahhhh nap time .... 
At Deerhead ... After these drinks don't know where we are goin ... 
Got some bad news last night .... 
Ohh how I wish this slot game on my phone was a real slot machine . Started out with $100 and Ive won ( so far ) $ 48,628 . 
My BABY starts school on Mon ... a little emotional ..... 
Sad day got those in the 163rd ..... 
Today is sissys first day of school 
Good night everyone 
I love you < PROPFIRST > Pugh ! 
I was so lost this morning .... my phone wouldn't turn on ... took it to Sprint , took the battery out , put it back in and what do you know , it works again .. Lmao 
Wtf is up with our weather ? I mean it was so warm 2 days ago . It was almost hot , and now its effing snowing ..... 
Living room rearranged again . Second time in a month ... 
Sissy is 2 1/2 and almost fully petty trained ... yeah ... diapers only when sleeping 
Be careful if you're going out tonight .... cops are out thick 
I have lost some respect for Rascal Flatts 
I don't know how much o can take ..... gggrrrrrrrr 
This shit is getting on my effin nerves ..... 
Going to see about a house tomorrow .... fingers crossed 
If you are having an issue and law enforcement is doing nothing to help , how many of you would take matters into your own hands ? 
Even though our credit isn't that good , we git the call last night that we were approved to buy the house we went to see a couple days ago 
I go take an assessment test on Sat for TSA .... wish me luck .... 
