missing my dezzie ! 

some say the end is near . followed by meteor showers and tidal waves 
i still miss my dezie baby 
=[ </3 
hearts racing really fast . so confused . this is some fukd up shit 
i look into the midnight sky , i dream and wish that i could fly , i would come to your aid and take you away , from all the evil and wicked ways , for you my love will never change , I breath the night air and look to sky , I know you see the same stars as I , Your mind is more beautiful than the most exotic creature Your physic is so grand that it makes me speachless 
Shadows cannot hold hands 
i metal my self to sleep while the thorns make me bleed . i sleep with a riddled bed of glass just to hope that it will cut me fast 
my brains need to come outa my head 
i wanna be left alone but i dont wanna be alone 
pagan < PROPFEMALE > burns thru my blood in traverse effects of gold light i rise towards the sacred being of the so called kingdom of the ________ 
ne escape no escape no escape 
hahaha there was no heart to break in the first place 
fuk 
Sometimes Im ashamed to be human 
Looking for anyone with musical talent and plays death metal !!!! damn i miss my band in nashville 
scattered remains shattered brains 
on th ground lies an angel with skin so pale and on her face an image of pain 
I wanna do some MMA dude !!!! 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me ! LIKE this status if you think I'm agood friend . MESSAGE me if you've ever wanted to date me and COMMENT ifwe have had any good memories together . Now , let's see who's braveenough to copy and paste this as their status & respond to mine . 
dude you < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
No love lost . 
your a loser and a freak hahahaha 
bored out my mind just got done working on a song . finally finished and got it in order 
I love s.o.s 
well i got this girl she is really really special to me . and she noes who she is I wuvz yuz !!!!!! 
Whats on my mind ? LMAO she is on my mind HEHE 
YOu arE AlwAyS On mY miNd !!!!! 
uuuuuuggggggghhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!! 
=( =( =( =( screw it 
Im sooooooooo in love wit you =) =) XP hehe 
i just need my girl to calm me down =( I love you so much baby 
what a fuckin mornin . I love you baby ! 
i got a head ache =( love you bb =) 
blah 
I get to see my girl today !! Yay i love you so so muchm xoxoxoxoxoxox ! 
She wasnt the on for me obviously 
well everything better now wow so confusing 
Deffinition : Burzum- the act of simplicity meeting the genius status of total mind blowing doom ! 
=( 
You could say im doing great but thats just an assumption 
so lonely 
confused of wat to do with you . 
Im going to play my heart out . no longer will she have it . because she no longer wants it . =) famous word = im so happy cause today i found my friends in my head 
just woke up ! rough nite but fun . =) peace 
take pretest today . wish me luck . =) 
M.I.A. 112310 
only a few things in this world can make me happy and she just did it 
if you could only see 
And the worm , they entered his brain 
like < PROPFEMALE > cline said im crazy for lovin you 
really tired kinda down . but anyways love you 
why are humans so habitual . crazy 
going to bed really drained . lol i mean really drained . 
i gave blood today =) lol yay 
< PROPFEMALE > tears . 
i love you 
How do i tell her what i really want to say . how how how 
? what ? 
good night love you 
all i can say is i try . 
goin to bed . good night peeps love you my love = 0 
just woke up slept way to late X.x 
imprisoned inside this mind hiding behind empty smiles 
And I feel this all too slow\ 
And I’ve been here for so long\ 
And I feel so empty\ 
As you walk away 
well i have no clue what this is about . just give her it wat ill do . 
what do you do when your world is turned upside down . hide your face your emotions your fears or show them all . pretty < PROPFEMALE > n you wont have them anymore . never have feelings again . pretty < PROPFEMALE > youll be dead 
look wat i can do 
hahahahahahahahahahaha i got peeps 
ICE CREAM !!!!!!!! 
lonely once again 
going to bed . ILOVE YOU 
yeah for real going to bed this time to tired for this crap . love you baby 
baby come back .... you can blame it all on me lol jkjk 
lol you and butter cups . lol you cwazy 
well guess i been forgotten oh well 
breakdown =( ugh why 
slit wrist savior 
oh well ill just forget about her too 
once again i lay in this bed of bad memories only to cry myself to sleep and dream of pure terror . 
well ....... 
gather all your possesions smile cause you got it all 
livin on love ! 
my darlin i love you so so much 
well i got this girl you see and she makes me feel in the only way words just cannot explain . 
woke up this morning with a smile on my face . your so woderful =) 
well i gotta go to school . I love her 
just love how you dont answer . oh well lol love ya 
made tea but spilt it everywhere . random fact . hot tea hurtz 
eh she talked me into it . gonna write a song 
i love my girlfriend . <3 
i hate having to put people on my black list but whats gotta be done is done 
missin my girl . i really wanna talk to her . =( 
i <3 < PROPFEMALE > . my one and only . foreverz =) hehe 
I got my girl a present for christmas . haha !!!! love you 
well i wiated and waited . kinda gettin tired of this shit . but oh well . 
bored 
well im going to sleep . love you sweety 
im freakin out . just wole up and already upset . wth 
guess she got busy love you 
oh its snowing hard .!!!!!! ima pee in it if it stick hahahha 
my girlfriend is so amazing . i love her so oh so much <3 
well night night everyone love you hunny 
Had the most amazing past 5 days . Ilove u 
uuuuugggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh ........... 
you can have my universe . cause my world for you is not enough for me to show you i lovez you you can have my heart cause my words dont mean a thing 
i cant sleep at all . i need you 
This is my last serenade\ 
I feel you as you fall away\ 
From yourself you can't run away 
guess im not good enough for you . 
just gonna keep to myself i dont need u no more . Bye 
