Just thinking , if I have to be super careful with and afraid of what I publish to the internet , then maybe I just need to not be using the internet at all . And to < PROPFEMALE > this further , perhaps I should just give up on life altogether , since I should probab 

Ok , got word from my orthopedist , surgury on my right achelles tendon next month on the 23rd . They tell me to expect a 12 week recovery . 
So , now I'll have time to work on my Kittä project , my worry website project and to perhaps write and publish some short stories . 
I am so frustrated with folks who use their feet to flush the commode . I mean , come on , other people are touching that handle ( note the word , handle) ! And , hey , if one were supposed to use his/her feet , then the flushing trigger would be called a \pede " 
Is it REALLY against the law for a desperate woman to use a public men's room ? Really ? 
Just lost my little nokia internet tablet . I'm hoping that it's at a friend's house , and she just couldn't find it in her car or around because it's the middle of the night . Not sure where I'll find another one . 
Yea ! The Lost has been Found ! My little nokia was in my friends car , on the dashboard , of all places . She looked everywhere else , but didn't think to look there . I told her that I would have done the same thing she did . She got in her car to go to wor 
yeah , robot-name app not working for me today . ah well ... 
13 days and counting ... 
9 days and counting ... 
Ok , thinking four things right now : Wonder if North Gate mall has a rolli-chair I can use to watch the GI < PROPFIRST > movie ( the Doctor is Destro ?! ) ; does the state fairgrounds have a rolli-chair I can use to attend the BMSExpo at the end of August ; could reserv 
Make that Comic Con 2011 . And I need to remember to look into Animazement for my sister and my neice . 
Yep , hot day hot night , thermostat has gone out . Oh joy . Hopefully , it's only a thermostat problem or something else equally inexpensive . 
Good News ! I'm too short to see the display on the thermostat ! AC comes on , I'm concerned , so I make my way out to the themostat in the hall , and , still nothing on display . So I get up , and lo and behold ! The display magically appears ! Now , if that's 
< PROPFIRST > just took down an old dead tree , all by himself , because the next door neighbour said that it was worrying him . He's afraid it will fall on his cars . I was worried that < PROPFIRST > would get hurt felling the tree , so I'm sittimg out here to at least be 
And I feel so useless just sitting here with my leg in it's ridgid splint . 
In my ( somewhat limited ) study of the patent process , I have come to the conclusion that applying for a patent will be more complicated and MUCH more expensisve than I at first realized . Oy . 
Had heard about this around the fringes , but I just read about it , and , true , < PROPFIRST > Vick has signed with the Philly Eagles ; and now , I have no respect for that team . BOOOOO ! 
Saw GI < PROPFIRST > Saturday , and it was absolutely GREAT ! Don't know what silly critics are looking for . Saw District 9 , too , and it was great , but in an intellectual way . Looked like everything was done wrong , right be the < PROPFIRST > , and that everything that could possibly go wrong , did so , in the absolutely worst way . Let's hope any similar First Contact scenario happens in the US or in Canada . 
I had an idea come to me when I couldn’t get to sleep night before last . It has to do with what I am calling Binary Options . For example , All or Nothing , or Feast or Famine . Both of these represent the basic binary 1 or O . The natural world lives in a Binary Option mode , as in the afore mentioned Feast or Famine , at least with carnivores . This is a survival positive trait . ( to be continued ) 
A contiunation of yesterday's musings : Now I'm thinking about how the Asian concept of Yin/ < PROPFEMALE > could be seen as a Binary Option . And the stress of that concept seems to be to achieve balance between the < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > . So , it seems that could be a response to the Binary Option , in general . We find balance between Feast/Famine ( Enough ) and All/Nothing ( Something ) . Between On/Off could be Ready . 
Looking for a place to host my first party for PartyLite products . I'm signing up , but have no where to go at this time . Any volunteers ? 
Just want to let ALL YOU PEOPLE know that I will be holding my opening business PartyLite party this Saturday , October 24 , at 3 : PM . Ya'll invited to come ! 
Just heard more knews about little Shaniya < PROPMALE>' murder . Even though I had figured out that she had been raped and killed , it just did not hit home to me until tonight . I was the same age when I was molested ( several times ) . That could have been me . Sorry to dump all this on you guys , but I don't have anywhere else tonight . I just started crying and I can't stop . Thanks for being here . 
OK ! I have a space at the NC State Fairgrounds Flea Market for both PartyLite exposure , and bookloop selling . I'll be in lot 220 Friday ! Ya'll come visit ! 
It's 41 degrees out there , according to WRAL , and I'm on my way out ! Hope to see some of you there ! 
Please Please Please ! Will any of my friends host a PartyLite party for me ? Please , pretty please with sugar , whipped cream and a < PROPFEMALE > on top ? 
Just became a fan of the Cthulu < PROPFEMALE > . Just couldn't resist . 
I have good news and bad news . The bad news is that I am going to lose my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > of nearly 14 years on Monday due to a mouth tumor that has been very aggressive . The good news is that I will be giving a home to a new < PROPFEMALE > ( a tuxedo < PROPFEMALE > ) who is 12 years old and would probably otherwise have no forever home . 
Well , the Sacred Deed is done and I have sent < PROPFEMALE > down the Rainbow Bridge to her next step . I really miss her . 
I now have a new < PROPFEMALE > , his name is Tux ! He's 10 years old and is now in his ForEver Home ! 
Ok , Tux wants to know if anybody out there knows anybody who has a car for sale cheap , so that his new humans can give him more car rides . He says that he so enjoyed his ride Saturday that he wants to go on another , in a different vehicle than the pickup . 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who makes \ 
life interesting , who's been with you through thick and thin , and been a\ 
blessing in your life , to whom you are proud to be married- copy and \ 
paste this to your status with the date you were married- 2000 
