Yeah Im the kinda girl that will cry when I think about you or see someone who looks like you . Its not like you care anyway :/ 

tired , but cant sleep 
omg farkle is so addicting , im bringing dice for michigan now < PROPFEMALE > lol we can practice 
on my way home , hacking into the internet on the road XD 
happy to be home finally :] 
got the new LG Neon !!! ahh so happy :DDD 
everything ive worked for is slowly unraveling .. 
At < PROPMALE>'s house , basically by myself lmao text me ? 
Im the biggest scrooge in the world ! lol 
Dont chug yager :( 
Dude ! did you know there is a fishville ?!! 
But I'll stand up for you .. Should I feel alive ?.. I ask myself why wait for the call that wont come .. I wish you could hear me ... 
Havin an all nice dance party ! .. by myself :/ 
Shes the cutest thing in the world .. 
Cant wait til he moves closer ... :] 
Gonna go do MMA with < PROPFEMALE > soon , hopefully I'll do better than last week :] 
Just got home , kinda sore :] 
Seasons Beatings with < PROPFEMALE > was amazing but yet slightly depressing , < PROPFIRST > lost his belt and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > had to tap out after a struggle . Poor < PROPFIRST > ie :'( 
Home from finals .. well I have been for a while lol text ? 
if you know < PROPMALE > brown go to youtube and type in < PROPMALE > brown singing :D 
Supposed to be doing dishes , text ? 
Got a notebook laptop as a early christmas present , thinks its awesome but internet sucks today .. 
Add me on Mafia Wars ? please ? 
Just donated $5 to the Keep a Child Alive foundation , one dollar itself helps provide medication for children with aids in africa , text ALIVE to 90999 to donate $5 too ! 
Still sore from being at snow < PROPFEMALE > all day yesterday 
Is cooking on a wok for the first time 
going to a wreslting tournament on saturday at geneseo , if its not canceled xD who else is going ? 
Im confused in the game Castle age , if anyone plays send me a message if you could give me a hand 
Bored at home .. Text ? 
Helped pull people out of the ditch , woo lol 
Heading to kickboxing soon . Laterr . 
\Darling .. Dont lie to me . \"" 
questioning shit .. why do i always question things ..? 
Getting off for the night , text ? 
Parents are going out tonight , text me so I wont be lonely ? 
So tonight was kinda sorta awesome lol text ? 
Hopefully the weather is nice for my party tomorrow ! :D 
I got tha swagga of a cripple ! :D 
I GOTTA FEESH !! His name be Ralff an hes my best frann ! 
In St. < PROPFIRST > with my friend < PROPFEMALE > and a bunch of other people from school . I get back Monday night , text me ? 
Trying to find motivation to clean the house and do my Thomsen project .. So far no luck xD 
Going to bed soon , text me ? 
How do you destroy the reputation of a hooker ? 
Our hearts were on display , For all to see , I can't believe this is happening to me and , I raised my hands as if to show you that I was yours , That I was so yours for the taking , I'm so yours for the taking and , That's when I felt the wind pick up , I grabbed the rail , while choking up , These words to say and then ( I wish ) you kissed me ... here 
And I'll try to sleep , To keep you in my dreams , ' Till I can bring you home with me , I'll try to sleep , And when i do I'll keep you in my .. dreams 
How come in horoscopes no one is compatable with a virgo ? 
How ironic is it that a diet bar comercial pops on when Im still hungry after eating ..? 
So I've relived the party too many times to count already and I have a feeling its not going to stop anytime soon . :) 
MMA fights last night were awesome ! After party at phils was the best though . Didnt get home til after five in the morning lol 
Maybe I need some rehab , or maybe just need some sleep .. Is my love .. Your drug ? 
Someone should plan a party .. your probably wondering why . Well ... its because me and < PROPFEMALE > just got married !! 
Theres a place downtown where the freaks all come around , Its a hole in the wall , Its a dirty free for all .. ;) 
Waitng for my father to get home then going shopping . Might harass < PROPFIRST > at work .. Again :) 
< PROPFIRST > .. Your awesome . :) 
I ain't got no < PROPFEMALE > , No , I sure cant wait , Not today .. 
Stayed home sick today :( 
Will you , Will you love me , Tomorrow ? 
I want to be your Angel In The Night .. :) 
Got home from the Fine Arts Awards , kinda boring , going to bed soon , if you have my number call or text :) 
\I dont wear skirts I wear tutus dammit ! \ " I love 5th grade boys :) " 
Nothing cheers you up better than Weezer :) 
Is it normal to hear the Icecream Man's jingle when you walk down the frozen desserts section of the grocery store ? 
Me and Daddy are workin on alot of toys :) 
Going to attempt to curl my hair .. Wish me luck :] 
\If you guys get serious use protection . \ " \ " Does he mean like a burgler alarm ? \"" 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishinghe could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a man , stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
< PROPFEMALE > when you come over sometime you need to bring The Breakfast Club . 
Tired of being home all the time , make it better for me and text me ? :) 
Ahh Facebookee , you do this to me all the time , or maybe its my ADD that makes me forget about my english paper ... 
You havent truely experienced being a freshman until you have been put in a trashcan . As of today I have experienced being a freshman .. lol 
So Im watching the final episode of Lost with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Schrimshaw and she keeps gasping and crying .. Im so lost .. Is that why its called Lost ? 
I swear I'm not a tease , you just have to prove your worth it . :) 
Nothing is more ironic than a car breaking down by a car dealership .. :p 
This was something special ; this was just like dynamite 
Karate tonight , kinda excited to see if i remember my new form .. :) 
They say I look yummy and they want a taste , but Im a human not a sandwich .. 
Finally got home after being gone for a couple of days . Buutttt i get to leave again tomorrow night :) 
If you'd call me now , baby then I'd come running .. 
White trash < PROPFEMALE > , american dream , oh what a role model :) 
You know its summer time when you talk about the days of the week as Yesterday , Tomorrow , the day after tomorrow , the day of that awesome party , ect . :) Helloo summertime 
Many people have told me that I've changed , but the truth is , I've just found myself . 
Go to bed , young dreamer . :) 
If you'd call me now baby ' Id come a running .. Im on call , to be there 
Dear Mother Nature , \ 
I really hate you right now . Why did your itch weed attack my whole body ? Fuck you :) Love < PROPFIRST > 
Woke up this morning and i wasnt able to see or open up my right eye . The doctor said im probably alergic to itchweed lol 
I wanna be forever young . 
Your the best , I guess . 
Its a < PROPMALE > Marley kind of day . 
Its alright but I know I shouldnt trust you , Its okay but I never should have said Its alright 
In your eyes I'd like to stay .. 
This weekend has been full of ups and downs the whole time so far . With < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Schrimshaw for the whole weekend . Heading to a party somewhat soon , text it ? 
Probably one of the worst weekends in a while . Can only get worse . 
Went swimming today ! Boy you just gotta love plastic baby pools :D 
Oh sure he killed him , but he did it so great ! :) 
We're at the foot of the stairs with my fingers in your hair . Baby this is it . 
We should kill all of the redheads . They are a dangerous breed . Ex . < PROPMALE > Mckay 
And you brighten up the world with your eyes . \ 
And you're so damn lovely when you're on my mind . \ 
' Cause you're the only one ... 
Make me beautiful . A perfect soul . A perfect mind . A perfect face .. A perfect lie . 
And thats why yellow makes me sad i think .. 
Talk to me I'm torn , I could get lost in a voice of yours . Tell me if I'm wrong or right , tell me I can stay tonight .. 
Thats okay because I like the way it hurts .. 
Its 3 a.m she wont put out , lets go make out with her friends , make out with her friends friends :D 
Excuse me miss but can I get you out your panties ? 
New 3OH ! 3 CD is most definately awkwardly amazing :) 
I can live off the beats or I can die from the dancin ' 
If you really knew me you would know that I'm a very insecure and jealous person . And I wish Riverdale would have a challange day 
You have my heart so could I please have this dance ? 
Michigan in two weeks , not sure whether to be excited or not , might be going without any of my friends this year :( 
This is love and this is lust now which one do I trust .. 
Just fell in love with Christofer drew :) 
Your only as tall as your heart will let you be and your only as small as the world will make you seem . 
Im breaking down , Im falling downn .. 
Friday nights are always the same in this town\ 
I'm looking up but I'm feeling kind of down\ 
So I light this cigarette and smoke the night away\ 
And hope that saturday will be the day when everything feels okay . 
Doesnt want to leave for Michigan on wednesday , Id rather stay here for one reason only 
is leaving this afternoon for Michigan , get there around 3am ish , text me on the way up ? :) 
in michigan with kaylon hanging out with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , text it ! 
Just got home from M.I.S. Had a great time with < PROPFIRST > , cant wait til next year . School tomorrow :/ 
So when I was in Brooklyn sitting in front of an El Taco I felt very strongly that there should have been a dancing burrito outside .. 
Peanut butter jelly time , Peanut butter jelly time !! 
There is nothing you can do that I have not already done to myself . 
Should I dye my hair darker or lighter ? 
Ahhh my arm is gonna fall off , the flags weigh alot more than they look ! 
Fall kick off , hopefully i dont drop my flag :/ 
.. dropped my flag .. 
Got an I touch for an early bday present 
I'm Mr. Brightside 
Your approval meant the world .... 
In love with my itouch haha 
Just beat the impossible game :) 
I have more of a right to be here because you still have your balls ! - Fight Club 
Guns don't kill people ! Well ... Actually they do , they are the leading cause of gun related deaths . 
Rme show last night was pretty fun . Had some pretty interesting things happen .. 
Oh I know that I am here and you are there but we still have our love . :) 
Got the parts for my car today ! Excited to start working on it . Hopefully will have it done for the last midnight mayhem this year . 
Heading off to michigan soon , text me ? 
Just got in Durand Michigan , super tired . Slept on the floor ofthe truck on the way here 
Gets to see my lover tomorrow ! Super excited :) 
Just got home , isn't it just freaking fabulous to be slamed with homework after a weekend of no sleep ... I wish I was in michigan with the family still though 
Nothing feels like home like you babe , I love you more than you will ever know 
There's not much else I can do but fall for you . You know I'm a wreak .. Just know I would wait here , for you . 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes :) 
Party last night , pretty badass I cant lie :) 
\I wanna make little .. I wanna make little mexican babies with youu\ " Says < PROPFEMALE > Ruffcorn " 
going to bed , its exhausting being me , haha little girlie ;)) 
\Number 3 is point F or K .. \ " \ " Hey ! That spells fork ! \"" 
Dance all night til you cant feel your legs .. 
French projects = Things that make me say sentences like this , \Barbie is wearing this because she knows that < PROPFEMALE > likes pink dresses . \"" 
This is me , I love myself . Yeah , fuck everyone else . 
Mass murder occuder at the McMullen residence today . Weapon used : Flyswatter 
\Your that stubborn . \ " \ " No I'm that right \"" 
Halloween party . How many people wanna come so I can make it awesome ? Like if you want to come :) 
Football game tonight ! Hopefully the players will be as good as the marching bad and flag ninjas :) 
Cuz I am what I am , what I am , what I am a Trainwreck ! 
If only I could be in that bed again .. If only it was me instead of him .. 
It breaks my heart to see you selling yourself short .. 
Blood fills my mouth . Fire sears my veins . I choke back a howl . The silver knife slips-the choice is mine .. I am death or life . I am salvation or detruction . Angel or demon . I am grace . I plunge in the knife . This is my sacrifice-I am the monster . 
How could you do this to me ..? 
It should have been me in that car , it should have been me in the dark .. 
Banana power !!! 
I get my permit this weekend ! Stay off the sidewalks :D 
They just want to see me fall .. Have faith in me ..? 
Learned how NOT to drive today :) haha still alive . Sort of . 
At the moment I am dateless to homecoming , lovely .. 
Ohh like we used to .. 
Just got home , mother of all bad moods .. 
All nighter ? I think so :) Girl you better love what you got before you go and give it away . 
Girls just wanna have fun 
\And hope that Saturday wll be the day everything feels alright .. \"" 
Yeah today totally sucked .. 
New hair , pics up tomorrow if I remember 
I never thought missing childeren could be so SEXY ! 
All in all your just another < PROPMALE > with no balls :) 
Let's have a pillow fight . Girl I know your type , that's why we turn off the lights 
Every single time you make your way into my sheets the hours move to minutes , but the days turn into weeks .. 
As the months turn into years just know that i will wait here .. For you 
\if you knew I was dying would it change you \"" 
Homecoming week .. Yay ..? 
But your body language is telling me that your worth the pain ... 
And we can transform a good girl to a freakk , hangin wit cotee 
Procrastanators unite !! .. maybe tomorrow .. 
Why do you feel so far when your so close .. 
Coronation was slightly awkward to sit in front of everyone . Parade and game tomorrow then dance on saturday , hopefully it's not too drama filled .. 
My trex is pink dammit !!! 
Was the game rigged ? 
I want you to make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world\ 
\ 
Like I'm the only one that you'll ever love\ 
Like I'm the only one who knows your heart 
I've been thinking that maybe I can't have relationships because lately they're not making any sense .. 
Homecoming wasn't too bad , best part was sitting outside with bri and kyrie thinking about < PROPFEMALE > wearing a paper sack 
The best thing to hear from a cop , \I dont like bagels I like doughnuts . \"" 
Homecoming weekend changed the way I think about alot of people . Im more aware of who matters to me and who I could care less about . 
Coconuts are hard as shit ! 
I think that possibly maybe I'm falling for you 
I'm open , your closed\ 
Where I follow you'll go\ 
I worry I won't see your face\ 
Light up again\ 
Well even the best fall down sometimes\ 
Even the wrong words seem to ryhme\ 
Out of te doubt that fills your mind\ 
You will finally find you and I collide 
The tears that stain my cheek must make me look weak\ 
I wear them proudly\ 
I wear them proud .. \ 
You need a doctor baby ..? 
Like this status and I'll finish this sentecnce for you . \Truth is .. \"" 
It would have been nice to see Skillet tonight , never seen a concert yet .. 
Truth is .. I'm done with you . 
Brick walls are there to let us prove how badly we want something . 
Occasional Speech vs Informative Speech , I find them the same thing .. 
You never lose by loving . You always lose by holding back ... 
I want my dishes to smell sexy . 
Experience is what you get when everything else doesn't work out .. 
Just got Internet back :) 
It's just a jump to the left , then a step to the right ! 
I'm going crazy because there are things in the streets I don't believe ... 
She fell in love ad now she feel stupid 
It's obvious that my heart beats for youu ... 
And I'll keep trying to make this happen , I'll go out of my way to make you happy , And I'll keep dying if you keep fighting , I'll go out of my way to make you happy .. 
Truth is .. I'm scared 
< PROPFEMALE > busy this weekend :) 
How could I say no 
She fell in love and now she feel stupid cuz you know , imma toot it and boot it . 
I breathe you in again just to feel you under my skin holding onto the sweet escape is always laced with a familiar taste of poison 
\You know it's a good cheeseburger < PROPFEMALE > you go AH ! before you eat it\ " says < PROPFIRST > " 
What is love ? I don't know anymore 
My fish tank is depressing . < PROPMALE > is blind and can barely eat and < PROPFIRST > is the last of it's kind in there . 
I'm sorry , I'm really such a lady :) 
\Do you want a cookie ? \ " \ " No .. I've already had four . \"" 
And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree , \ 
there will be an answer , let it be . \ 
For though they may be parted there is still a < PROPMALE > that they will see , \ 
there will be an answer . let it be . 
I fail at life . 
Has been eating , cleaning , and playing four versions of pokemon on three different devices ALL day .. 
There is a fine line between coincedense and fate ... 
Life lesson learned today : Dont let people treat you like crap for years . They will always treat you like crap in the end . 
Oh country music . The quickest way to bring tears to my eyes . I will fall asleep quickly tonight . 
I'm sick of you acting like I owe you this . 
Have you ever sneezed when you have a migrain ? 
\There's a ghost cat in my basement !! \ " Says Ms. Johnson " 
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts . Dedelee < PROPFIRST > 
.. don't ever leave me alone .. 
Dirty little lips tell dirty little lies 
Ce n'est pas < PROPFEMALE > faute tu est stupide . 
Even the best fall down sometimes .. 
Woke up , decided I might have strep , back to bed 
\I'll walk his dog\ " says < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Schrimshaw " 
\I just yelled at turkeys .. \"" 
\Yesterday we had fun making babies .. \ " says my health teacher . " 
Just wrapped Kristens Christmas present , took fifteen minutes and two rolls of tape :) 
Watching my mom vaccuum my dog just made my day . 
He's the guy that makes me feel like i'm on top of the world . He's the guy that makes me feel like my flaws don't matter . He's also the guy that makes me feel forgotten and unwanted . 
I show love through jealousy and slight parnoia I guess .. 
I like where we are when we drive in your car . 
is nerding it up on Adventure Quest before dance practice 
Is done . 
I just want this day to end already . 
\Your hair is like a pomaranians tail ! Iloveit .. \ " says < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Schrimshaw " 
Mmm food .. Two thanksgivings tomrrow . Friday at aunt paulas all day 
Dear Heart , \ 
Fall in love when your ready . Not when your lonely . 
Veni . Verdi . Viche . 
\Did < PROPFEMALE > come to your house last night too ? Says guy from starbucks . " 
\Hot topic sells boobs \"" 
I cocked the pistol , pulled the trigger and all I saw was red . 
I just want us to be back the way we were before .. 
The original Sleeping Beauty tale changed my life . 
Everyone is posting about snow or the weather in some way shape or form .. I feel left out so I hate snow . Okay :) 
For\ 
the month of December post a pic of your favorite Pokemon as your \ 
profile pic . Let's see if we can fill Facebook with Pokemon . 
I love my hedgehog , Penelope :) 
CONFESSION TIME . 2010 is almost over . Inbox me & confess something you've always wanted to tell me 
Sitting in an empty roomTrying to forget the past .. 
If I had atelophobia I would be driven insane . 
\Take my hand . Just fall in love with me again . \"" 
I dont understand the number game but it is dominating my news feed haha 
Pecan pie <3 
Even fairytale characters would be jealous ! :D 
Hello everyone ! Boys and girls , cats and squirrels ! 
My snail's new diet consists of the fish in my fishtank apparantly ... 
Repost : So , let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the .... institution of marriage ??? Really ??? REALLY ??? Re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree . Proud to support equal rights for ALL !!! 
Just got done wrapping presents , Christmas at school tomorrow , why tomorrow ? I have no idea :) 
\What the Rhombus ?!? \"" 
School , < PROPFEMALE > s house , then the show with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Schrimshaw , and Kyrie < PROPFIRST > ! 
Beastly show ? Id say so ! 
\An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind\ " Ghandi " 
Five people total wore the same blue Hello < PROPFEMALE > shirts , myself included , but < PROPFIRST > was the only one cool enough to have one with grey letters .. :) 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and what they bought . Well , this is what I want : I want people who are sick with no cure to be cured . I want children with no families to be adopted . I want people to never have to worry about food , shelter or heat . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who actually care . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-posts 
Why can't I take my Wednesday final on Tuesday so I don't have to go to school Wednesday ? 
Go grease lightning !! 
I just want to go back to 7th and 8th grade when there was no worries but still alot of fun :) 
I know something's wrong\ 
Well , everyone I know has got a reason\ 
To say put the past away 
You wont ever realize my heart is screaming for you . 
Just take my heart because it's yours to hold and yours to break .. 
\Its like he's driving a piñata ... \"" 
Aw hell !! 
Screw Christmas . 
Verbal harassment isn't cool . Thank you Mr. Douchebag 
Had a great time tonight thanks 
Darling don't lie to me 
Without struggle there is no progress . 
Is going back to karate tonight .. 
The next person I even think about dating will have to be pretty fucking amazing . 
Burn it down . 
Lay down is the hardest trick for my puppy to learn , took a couple months but we finally did it lol 
\dude life sucks and then you die\ " < PROPFEMALE > keig . " 
I'm turning japanese yes I'm turning Japanese I really think so 
Well imma trample my pride and tell the whole world to dance with me ! 
If you do not want to see me again I will understand .. 
Damn you French class .. Now I can't spell English words correctly 
Going to my first basketball game of the year tonight 
Beat sherrard ! My cheering must of worked , great game boys !! 
And it goes like this .. Tell me what to do .. 
Ive gone bloody freaking mad !! 
what are we waiting for ..? 
'' i dont like the clear bottom of that fish tank '' '' um mom you put sand or rock on the bottom '' 
Yea , aha , you what it is .. :) 
Driving my parents ' truck makes me feel invinceable 
Why try when people are just going to push you down . 
'' my penis is paralized!'' 
Loves < PROPFEMALE > Keig :) nomnomnomnom 
Went redneck iceskating wiff emily :) 
No me gusta lavantar el gato . 
Woot ! Aquatic swap meet time 
This .. Is .. War ! 
130 dollar dress for sadies ? I think yes . 
Bdubs :) 
'' my dad shot Ruffy so SHUT UP '' 
'' even the mothafuckin retards are smart '' 
No dog will ever be able to replace you . RIP < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
The house feels more empty than ever .. 
Butterflies im your stomache .. Thats a crappy metaphor . More like killer bees .. 
Puppy Bowl :) 
So baby please take my hand and you'll never be alone again 
\We'd make alot more money if we were vampires . \ " -Mom " 
'' No , im done , im gonna stick a busen burner down your throat and turn on the gas '' 
You were the best thing summer gave me besides silence and no school , no curfew and no rules .. 
'' His moustach tickles mama '' 
'' Well , maybe once but thats close to a billion right ? '' 
Got a new puppy ! Her name is Madison :) 
Im sick of your mouth and your two percent milk 
Shorts :) 
Mon télé parle ce ' nouveau poulet de robot ' haha 
Get these hos up off of me . 
Super fun time tonight . < PROPFIRST > Rivas should try on his bday present from me and post pics , the top only lol 
'' what the hell have i been drinking for the past month ? '' 
.. omg brisk is just so .. brisky .. 
Im not gonna eat a dead bird am I ? 
'' Im gonna put my butt cheeks on that pole and spin aroumd like a motherfucker '' 
Put up pictures of < PROPFEMALE > and her haircut :) 
' she put a bag on my head , still counts!' 
However when a tarantula is doing pushups on your scalp you dont care how good it is , you just want it off 
Taco Bell :) 
< PROPFEMALE > fi fo fum , what bean stalk did you fall from ? 
I must be dreaming . Yeah I must be dreaming .. 
I want to be an astronaut and get high . 
Have you hated yourself for staring at the phone ? Your whole life waiting for the ring to prove your not alone . Have you ever been touched so gently you had to cry ? .. Have you ever felt this way ..? 
Get off of me , get these hoes up off of me 
Y'a pas bézef à faire dans ce bled .. 
Laughter is the best medicine .. next to oxycontin 
'' You know what they should make ? 3D girls gone wild '' 
'' Id rather sack tap a bear trap '' 
They say what goes up must come down but dont let me fall . 
Does your night include your best friend sending someone to the hospital at a show ? Why yes , yes it does 
Its taking me higher .. higher .. Higher off the ground .. 
\I wish I bit the whole thing off .. \ " < PROPFEMALE > Keig " 
Night fools . Text it . 
Turkeybacon :) 
Wants to draw something .. 
You make me want to be the best I can be . 
No life . Get my number and text me :) 
SIBLING WAR ! Post this is as your status if you're the best and the smartest of your siblings . If it stands for one hour without one of your siblings protesting , it's true !!! 
You feel like paradise 
I've never smoked weed , popped pills , or drank . Post this as your status , and whoever likes it thinks you're lying :) 
We fell apart , lets make a new start . 
'' Even if i have to drug her i'll do it '' 
On the xoom in the verizon store 
'' He kept peeing everywhere so we decided to just clip it off . \ " , 2011-03-09 21:35:53 " 
Face it . It doesnt mean shit unless you take a risk . 
Kilo jewels .. Sounds like something a Nazi would say . 
Love like yours is hard to find , you caught me at a bad time . 
24 ounce coffee , me and my mom playing uno , then kickboxing . its a good night 
New ritual . Coffe Hound in east mo every friday before kickboxing :-) 
Panera for the first time for lunch ? Yes . 
Dance all night til you cant feel your legs . 
Party til you pass out . Drink til your dead . Dance all night til you cant feel your legs . 
I . love . dubstep . 
The Wolverine Latte at the Coffee Hound is where its at . 
You know it's a good day when you can pick up your hedgehog barehanded without it biting you :) 
Attention : Party April 9th is postponed til I get more money and the weather is decent :( 
partying with the girls . playing mad gab . easiest one becomes the hardest when you say \thank you butthole\ " instead of \ " thank you but no \"" 
\lick with your < PROPMALE > urgent \"" 
\high sped erection ! \"" 
Build a bear should make strap ons for their < PROPMALE > bears , 
