3 weeks till university time , it's almost time . 

Finally back to Riverside , time to start that essay that shoul've been done yesterday . 
< PROPFEMALE > hacked my facebook ! D: 
Today has been a shitty day . 
just realized i have 6 classes on fridays . 
Currently at riverside . While coming here I almost crashed when i realized i forgot the turtles and then proceeded to get lost . Failurez . 
now to head to LA ! >.> may baby jesus protect me . 
5 hour energy drinks are fail at effectiveness ... Shouldn't I be all hyper right now ? Maybe if I drink 10 more ... 
I need epicness . 
I wish I could hug a < PROPFEMALE > . :( or a puppy . or a baby godzilla . 
Canada . All that needs to be said . 
I'm lonely ... 
The leftover monster is taking over my fridge D:< 
Yay ! I'll be able to sleep for 3 hrs before I go to lab , then class , then library , then back to class , and then straight to LA ! oh yeah ! got to look at the pos ........ :( zzz 
Looks like my trip in LA is going to be shortened .... bro has to do overtime so guess I'm going back to riverside .... /cry 
I am officially done with all classes for first session . Now , just have an essay due tomorrow and a final due tomorrow as well . :) 
Going to LA today , oh yeah . Time to have some fun ... after math discussion T.T 
just saw the movie Crash ... Just wonderful ... 
My mom licked my face ... I miss Riverside .... 
Uggghhh I'm in riverside and bored lol , waiting for everyone else to show up sucks ... 
PIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 
I need some epicness . 
I'm in san < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!! 
My phone decided to delete all the pictures from my last 2 days ... 
Its cold 
its official . :) bought my tickets for NY this spring break ! 
I can most def feel tghe Heat . And I am liking it . 
Waiting to start the long flight to new york city . :) 
New York is the place to be ! I'm enjoying my time with Will , even if he is a little crazy ! 
Will told me its going to be hot and jumid in new york . I am freezing my butt off !!! 
Peanut butter shake with a shack burger is the way to eat ! 
Will and I were all up in lady < PROPFEMALE > ! Went up to the crown , amazing sights . 
I'm on a boat ! 
Almost time to say goodbye new york . 
Goodbye new york . 
Hello california ! 
I look good in bowling shoes . 
