Thinking about fresh starts in a new year ... And tacos ... 

i got steppin razor ! woot ! 
Completely stoked to be going back to quest ! 
stoked for quest this weekend , but I either need to find a ride or to find someone to take up ... 
A few things , one , to anyone who has text me and not gotten a response , I'm not ignoring you , my cell got shut off ... And two , anyone who helped Bobi and I move is invited to a party on sunday after quest ... call me for more info because I can get messages and calls , just not send em . 
Don't < PROPMALE > the will ' o ' wisp , it's filled with < PROPFEMALE > and rape ! Response : I like < PROPFEMALE > ! 
finally finished writing Koriat's backstory ... waiting for comments on it 
Happy Birthday to me ... please note sarcasm ... 
our band needs a drummer ... just watched the rocker and it depressed me lol 
Ok , I need to find a new guitar ... Anyone selling or know someone who is ? 
I just found out about Disturbed's new album ' Asylum ' . Status = Totally Stoked 
Looks like I'm driving to quest , anyone need a ride ? 
Bullet just released their new album \Fever\ " .... One word to describe it . Epic " 
Putting the finishing touches on the new quest gear ... Stoked as hell for this weekend ! 
It's a Frappe ! Your taste buds can't handle flavors of this magnitude ! 
Two days off ... So excited ... Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
I am so sore ... It means we did awesome as NPCs ... Hope everyone had fun ! 
So I've decided I need to take my camera to the next quest event ... And possibly bribe an NPC to follow me around as my photographer ... 
i'm so bored ... and I have to work in 3 hours . Fail Adult life ... 
So < PROPMALE > is apparently running a mod for me at the start of game friday ... I'm terrified and stoked all at the same time ... 
I saw like 17 people with cameras at the event this weekend , and only < PROPFEMALE > has posted pictures ... who's holding out ? 
so ... bobi and I decided to quit smoking today ... * gulps * I apologize in advance to anyone I snap on ... 
day 4 of quitting ... doing pretty well , I'll admit , I've smoked a few times , but all in all it's going pretty well . Not quite as bad as I thought it would be 
going to gamers club to fellowship with my compatriot nerds ! Huzzah ! 
You know those times you realize that you hate your life ? My whole life has become one long series of those moments ... 
Off all weekend , looking for something fun to do ? Anyone ? 
Chillin at < PROPFIRST>'s workin on lyrics ... the only thing missing is beer , and torque ... 
Wired up the new < PROPFEMALE > system last night , it sounds freaking awesome can't wait for practice Saturday night , but for now , another 10 hour work day .... ugh ... 
I really don't wanna be stuck at Leed's till 10 again ... ughh ... 
Definitely just realized how psyched about going back to quest I am ... Hopefully its a better year for me . 
Finally free from the tyranny of Leed's for 2 days ! I should probably start working on Ciario's new armor , but I kinda feel like the work week has drained me of < PROPFEMALE > to do anything but be a couch potato ... 
My brain hurts from trying to figure out the stats Ciario is coming back with , as well as weapon and armor designs ... sigh ... only like 3 weeks to nail it all down ... 
So the wow killer does exist ... I was doubtful at first , but from everything I've seen Rift is gonna blow wow out of the water 
So just curious ... is it egotistical to like the band you're in ? 
Love the new quest rules updates ... except for fighter seeming kinda under powered now ... 
Anybody who hasn't yet should check out our band @Liberalis and Like us ! We have a couple gigs lined up and we're working on mixing/ writing our first album . Come on people we need groundswell ! ;-) 
So I'm stuck between three kits for quest and need some help deciding , any ( serious ) response would be appreciated . The choices are Battlerager ( shockingly ) Cavalier-Knight , or Man-At-Arms . Any thoughts ? 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Do it !!!!! 
Pauldrons : done . Back plate : done . Bracers : 3/4 done . Kidney belt : done . Sword frogs : half done . Chest : half done . Still got a lot of work to do , and I haven't even started my swords ... sigh 
I'm absolutely stoked for this weekend ! Almost everything is done , I just need to design my crossguards . 
I'll be at quest tomorrow morning , with my in game brother and my out of game wife ;) 
Sigh ... now I need to design a mace and a new shield for ciario ... 
Dude today doesn't end ... I feel like I've been stuck at work forever , and there is a perfectly good paycheck in my pocket , waiting to be spent 
Definitely nailed down another song last night , practice was great , even though it was freakin cold ! 
Stupid leeds ... cutting in to my much deserved weekend with < PROPMALE > overtime ... grrrrrr ... 
Free from the tyranny of work ! Now I'm amped up for practice tonight 
Finished the decklist for my new incarnation of artifact deck ... now to buy all the cards ... sigh 
First show down ... albeit it was a mini show , but it still counts . We definitely had a full on mosh pit for Shoot the Messenger . All in all , great success . 
And back to the daily grind that is real life ... I guess I'm just a weekend rock < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
