I am thinking about what to do tomorrow ?? aha ... 

im thirsty lol 
im bored 
It ends tonight 
spring break is pretty lame < PROPFEMALE > far , 
had a bomb spiritual day with bros ! 
Really Bored on my only day off this week .. 
not looking forward to another week of just me , myself , and i .. 
Just thinking things through 
still just thinking 
I wish u'd just understand 
sometimes u gotta wait 
I've been in the computer lab 1st 2nd and now 3rd hour lol VERRY NICEE 
Good Day lol 
needa update my pic lol 
Lol I'm on nenas iPod heheh 
Cant wait til Sat !! ;) 
So turns out i mihgt be getting deported , they caught me with out the proper paper work and now im prety much done ... 
im bored ya'll but im off on thurs , sat , and tues so u should hit me up ;) 
another Blahh day off .. 
It's Dat New new < PROPFIRST > ! 
NEw PiC Comments 
What if i moved away ?? 
I GOT MY LICENSEE 
Sooooo ,, im bored .. 
Needa sleep 
< PROPFEMALE > I am not tired at all .. hmm another latenight I guess 
Bored !!!! 
Some things don't make sense , but hey I gotta be content bout it . 
Jeeez .. 
well im off to work wish me a good daY LOL 
Im ready im ready im READY ! - spongebob 
at the end of the day my momma told me dont let no one break me let no one break me\ 
\ 
at end of the day , day , nobody , nobody , ever could stop me ever could stop me at the end of the day , day you cant regret it if you were trying if you were trying at the end of the day i'm walking with a heart of a lion yea 
I cannnnntt sleeeeeep !! Urgg :/ 
today was okay heard some stuff i didnt wanna hear , and also people told me i looked like a confused monkey on my ID lol 
Doin wat I do , even if I gotta grind to make it through - < PROPFIRST > 
on top of the dreams iz where im found . ;) 
Just got at wrk , I get out at 5 u should hit me up 
Getting new glasses and contacts 
its simple as .. 
Feels so wrong , when I try to do right . 
T.G.I.F. 
if u dont chew big red the FUCK YOU :) 
Screw dis crap I don't need this anymore 
< PROPFEMALE > today already sux 
Dang I feel like something or someoone iz missing ... like this if u miss connor already :/ cuz I do 
I'm thinking too much again .. 
things just aren't the same .. 
Night terror :/ 
When im zoooooneeed im feelin alright :) 
L.O.T. 
\spaced out \"" 
tonight went pretty good , saw vampires suck with < PROPFEMALE > :) lol dat movie is weird 
my mind is going more blank and blank as i walk this lonely road . 
be yourself and dont try to hard to be someone else 
:/ 
u hear the birds singing flying around , u never see them to long on the ground , u wanna be one of them- yeah 
So my neck ? ace chain broke haha I got beads for a temp chain looks pretty coo tho haha 
Just saw resident evil in 3D lol it was sick ;) 
Right now the only thng on my mind is the good old days :/ 
SUPERNATURAL tmmrw night !!! im excited 
I'm missing out on everything cuz of wrk .. urgg 
Y'all should check out and comment my new spaced out pic ;) 
I miss the weather from new mexico 
I can't wait for the zombie thingg lol 
To get wat we need we sometimes lose wat we want , gotta be strong and never give up . - < PROPFIRST > 
Just got back from my run wheww lol its been a while but I'm gettin into better shape I got 2 months of this haha 
here we go , another day .. 
Tired just got back its gettin eazier to do tho haha 
Life why r u so cruel .. 
I can't focus with all this stuff on my mind .. supernatural tonight tho (: 
idont want tmmrw to come .. 
I want u toTurn back the clock plz . 
Not goin to school , ill be somewhere else instead txt me if u want . 
So .. the scariest but craziest thing just happend like an hr ago .. 
Tired kinda feel crappy ehh 
gonna go jog it up n ' hit the streets \Lou\ " style lol " 
wanna kno wats NOT fun , sitting at home alll dayy fml 
I wanna be big when I grow up , like a big deal not large lol 
Thank u guys for the birthday wishes . I noticed I got a rediculas amount of happy birthday's on Facebook n like 7 in person lol Thxx tho ;) 
The \ 
best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up . 
sometimes u gotta kick back and drink a kool-aid jammer :D 
imma regret this haha , but truth is ... 
To all my friends lol i sent u a < PROPFEMALE > so check dat out and like it , im tryin to become a public figure here haha :) thx 
So I lost 7 pounds in like a month1/2 got my protein drinks every morning and night been jogging almost everyday pumping iron 7days a wrk and dieting . Whoo ! 
Game tonight !! time to show em ' Wat we got ! 
make sure to check out my < PROPFEMALE > and \like\ " it ha im a public figure :) " 
I wanna go to sleep 
I need new job 
just got done being a great friend lol its all in a days wrk :) now off to wrk 
I wish I knew someone like me 
I wanna play on the rain 
Its Friday ! 
\maniac\ " by kid Cudi is MAZINGG " 
Need something exciting to happen !! 
I'm broke . Donations would be nice ;) turn a frown upside down today 
I wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > , that I could drive in my own car , I promice I won't go to a bar , or pick up stanger who idk who they are . Trust me with a car so we can go far :) lol - < PROPFIRST > 
Morning well spent just exercising haha 
I like somebody but do they like me ? Hmmm 
Just got off wrk .. I'm poooooped lol sleeepy time shee comes :) 
U can dance if u want to :) 
I wanna be in a movie , let's make one :) 
U got a friend in me :) 
Time to catch some shut eye :) tmmrw should be good ill be crossin my toes it is haha 
I'm already home 
Jogggin like a robot 
Can't sleep txt me 
I'm done 
People change , but the heart remains the same , even through the pain . - < PROPFIRST > 
At taco hell , tmmrw MOTM2 yessss 
I got it ! :D 
Morning world 
This is our journey into the horizon , \ 
you can see past\ 
if its real to you\ 
we can meet on the otherside \ 
the otherside .. 
These worries r heavy , they rest on my shoulders , my pride it wont let me fall victom no more .. 
I Need to thinks some things through 
What I need hates me .. what I need hates me ... All alongg 
So goodnight . Time to drift into my dreams and try to get a good sleep . Its been difficult lately . . 
Its gonna be okay .. trust me , its gonna be okay ... 
Writing a script is hard lol 
Shades on my eyes makes the creepers look back at themselves 
I'm just a dreamer turn true to life leaner , born to do good so my list can be believers :) 
I dream reality is my dream . 
Ain't no question if I want it I need it , I can feel it slowly drifting away from me .. 
I think my relationship status has said \single\ " for tooooo long " 
Now that thanksgiving break is over time to jump back into my diet 
well im off on the adventure . :) 
Dirty dirty girls = shower plz :) 
Almost donee I'm concluding the script tryin to go out big :) 
Time to Find The Hero Within 
I finished rough draft of script ! Yesss 
I want some Brownies ! 
Remember yousre not strange , nut you are not the same mane 
My brother told me a long time ago , focus on who ur tryin to be and focus on where u wanna go . 
Good day :) 
these voices they tell me go , why should I ever go , man I'm so comfortable here , why should I head to a place where people live in fear 
Got a haircut .... a bit tooo short :/ ohh welll , it'll grow 
Idk what to do today ? 
Pretty bored just chillin listening to cudi . 
IM me i need some friendly therapy 
Bored hit me up yo 
It isnt too late to do something I NEED SOMETHING TO DO ! haha 
Had a good night last night for the most part 
Today was pretty lame tmmrw should be better i hope 
In my mind sounds like Ooooooh ! :) 
Back at school ... I'm tired 
Just alot to think bout now .. 
Just got done shaving I have a baby face again lol 
IM SOOO HUNGRY !!!! :/ 
We are who we choose to be , now choose 
Lets make weekend plans ! :] 
2012 :) 
< PROPFEMALE > i cant sleep u should IM or txt me . 
I feel weird today 
I wanna be a hero lol save the day or sumthin :) 
Great day ! Feels like I had my eyes open .. 
Bored someone should txt me 
It's about Falling .. 
Facebook hi I'm < PROPFIRST > , umm I don't like your face .. You should do something about that . 
Life is a road , like any road there are bumps and curves . Traffic , and accidents . Life is a road filled with lots of different people finding their way and trying to get to where they wanna go . Sometimes people run out of gas and sometimes others help out to jump your car . Life is a road .. Long or short you'll eventually find your way :) - < PROPFIRST > 
Holy crap its already FRIDAY !!! WHOOOOO ! Great week :) 
So I got alot on my mind its a good and bad thing lol 
Facebook im bored 
its late but im going to serenade myself with my guitar anyways :) 
You see things and you say , Why ? ' But I dream things that never were ; and I say , ' Why not :) 
Texting people is fun ..... when they text back !!! lol txt me :) 
Goodnight Facebook people 
Dubstep , you have made my day thank you :) 
I want some food a Burger or something :) 
Need to get my drink oon . 
I need money for lots of reasons . Non of em r selfish I promice . Donations would be nice tho 
I want a new acoustic 
If you don't make mistakes .. then you aren't really trying . 
