Well thats a day ! 

I am alive and kicking ! 
Antiquing . ohh fun . 
Has championed in drunken-roman wrasteling ! Whhew ! No one is here now ! Time to be lonesome ! 
is wondering to where has't miss Bond gone ? 
Is grumpy , in and too himself . 
Is in controvercy with things that exist . 
is relaxing in southern-humboldt , cuddling with his computer . 
Dances with chocolate ... 
Is in a flutter of positivity . But the internet is not so very exciting right about now . 
A million and fifty possible endeavers , and I want to do five . 
Needs more missions to do . 
is wondering how to obliviate the strings that form a prison . 
Tommorow night : Free dance preformance at the CR Forum Theater . Come if you dare to see me dance ! 
Eave of dance TONIGHT ! Come one , come all . iTS FREE at the CR Forum Theater , room 103 , Its Big and its under the second story . 
Had an AWESOME eave of dance tonight . Fun as anything . 
How well things can be * 
wants only to cuddle in the present ; sleepy evening . 
Goes about this day with a borderline headeach . 
I think ; Therefore I am not certain . 
Is feeling secure and knows that there is room for some fun . 
Torn like a bra at Mardi Gras . I am accused , by myself : of being guilty . I'm guilty of ( right now , as I sit ) 1,001 misuses of myself and 1,002 counts ' Neglect of instinct . ' It most usually gets harder before it gets easier , but it always gets easier . 
Sentence Served ! I'm a free man ! 
Has just baked his second batch of un-supervised cookies Mmmmhmmm 
I now realize that this is not the place to pack my briefcase . And now to turn around and leave the computer room . 
Just watched \One Fley Over the Cuckoo's Nest\ " ( starring < PROPFIRST > Nicholson in a madhouse ) And Loved It . " 
Thinks its time to light some candles and dance in my room . 
Why I wish I was a Windos 98 : If my brain ran on Windos 98 , then life would be plesant , I could only occupy my mind on a few things . Too much and it would freeze up . How nice it would be if thoughts could freaze up like that in my squiggly blubber-organ which rests between my forehead and the back of my neck . 
Wishes to go back to , and live in the world of Slagsmalsklubben , SW . 
Must now dress for tea . 
I am looking at scholarships and smiling profusely . 
Feeling flight and fancy free ???????? 
Is anyone doing anything to which Shaka is invited ? ps . non-video game and non food related . 
Selling parachutes door to door . A though you might never need one . 
Mad Hatters for tea , if not , Chockolates . 
Its time to go out for some more wind and rain , 
Doing so good that I must get off the internet at once to perserve it ! 
Heeemmmmm , Its just another daaay . Another , musicless day in the life of a schoolboy . 
Singing and yelling is fun ! 
I has substanance . 
wants help to get him cleaning . Volenteers ??? 
is realizing who he can be . And loving it . 
Tired , tired , very tired . No more force at the moment . 
Everything is falling into place , I feel empowered ! 
Oh glorious days , why must there be an end to the weekend ? 
Concludes another day . 
Needs a team . 
Goodnight world , I look foreward to when we meet again . 
Painting nails and listening to 80s and swing , I realize I'm still damn young and I'm not rushed . 
is feeling a little walled-up and pressured 
What a delightful night . 
Time to settle back with books , candles and some music . 
And when calls fail , a mysterious stranger calls ten minutes later to silently wake you up . Thanks for once to spam-calls ! 
I wonder very much about Thermodynamics . How is it tempature moves when compared to partacles of gas or solids . When is it tranferred and how from partacle to partacle . 
Earned 40$ , 2 sandwiches , 2 bannanas and a chunk of Munster cheese today . Supurb ! Now time to celebrate that its saturday ! 
is at CR with a 50 pound suitcase , laptop and some emails to make . 
Listening to music and being instilled with power from sunlight , going through all of my old and forgotten possesions never has been so fun . 
Sick as a dog , and with no more tissues ! Now to run off to school . 
Is wrestling with himself , emotions vs brain 
Thanks all of you for the concern , really , but I've been thinking on my own for years now and am more than capable of thinking things through . Some of you have ways of consolation that don't involve theorys or fact , I thank them twice the number because I'm overloaded on facts and would prefer a hug anyday . Keep it dancing , I'll join the floor when I'm really feeling it . 
M'HAW! Its time to take a saw to my bed ! Improovements must be made so I can straighten out therein . And to make pasta . 
All is lovely . 
Blankets and Cocoa are not warming me up as they are supposed to . 
Ya just can't beat the Bee-Gees . 
Holy Hell ! Did you actually get an Emu < PROPMALE > ?! 
Well , this I guess is why people drink coffee . I feel like I just got out of a drama class and all I did was make food and pack my suitcase . 
I've lived some life tonight . And it was good . The night ends and it is time for sleep . The sleep will be good too . 
Home , arone , and tired all over . 
Oh loyal , odeus tracphone , tell me more . 
Give griz breakfest in the morning . 
Oy ! This is not the time I bargained to wake up at ! 
Ohw The Pains 
Is powering up for the day ! 
Alarm clocks be damned ! 
Ahh the weekend again , feel free to give me a ring . I'm not doing anything planned so far except being Shaka . 
No , no , no wait ! I'm Not Sorry ! I'm Shaka ! Whatever I do and however I do it wrong ! 
I flipped a peice of paper with a picture on it to decide Yay or nay . It landed sidewayse , the peice of paper . 
All I have to do is build it !! Thats all I have to do !!! ( If you actually heard me speak the words it might have a ' mono-Terrific ' sounding . ) 
Time to tighten up again and go to school . I'm glad for the movement , but geeze , could my time not be used for something that felt more productive ? Ahh well , eventiually . 
Come over and ejoy some confections of delicoscity with Shaka , if you have the balls to brave his throaty cold . 
Could use some comany to cap off the day . 
Recovery is sweet . but will anyone believe me when I say how much that hurt ? ~ I don't know . But I've got stuff to do and have no time to explain or indulge them . 
Wonders where he might be able to pick up a ' Liscence for love ' 
Has managed by unprecidented self controll not to break anything . 
Social/antisocial Ahhgh ! 
Ohh To Sing and Dance and Screem about things ! ,,, Is so perfectly fine until I cough , and cough , and spit . Then I sit back down and see you on Facebook . 
Heading to Old Town . What ? 
Living in the moment is taking out the trash in the middle of making breakfast . 
More crippling then doubts in myself , I think ; Is my doubt and insecurity about other persons . 
Don't want to be awake ... 
Begin .... Friday ... Tiiime . My friday begins at 6 ; 09 . I'll take a shower , then I will make this sentence rhyme . 
Is listening to Madness again , Cars again and thinks he might just be Back in ful colors . 
Systems Powering Up . 
Created another new delicasy ; Sweet-wrap Mushroom eggs . May I continue to do this . 
Actual ants in my actual pants . Needless to say I've changed pants and am thinking longingly for laundry day . 
Requests help in the kitchen , panty and living room . 
Does anyone know how to get in touch with < PROPMALE > ? I think I found his jacket ! 
Taking today off for rest , this is nice ... 
Is doing yard work tommorow . So I have said ; So shall I do !!! 
Wooo ! Almost completed a long poem , Much better progress then last night . 
Ah-Bew , A-Heu . 
Lounging about in the castle in dead quiet in the company of his dear uncle ; Grizzlebe < PROPMALE > Fhupps . 
Hasn't even a remnent of a fear of the dark !!! I just noticed , and its nice . 
Writing poetries , But not for just anyone ! Sleeping was futile anyways . 
Oh , hard rain . \ 
This changes plans . \ 
I just can't help but imagine it has more symbolism to other Eurekians . 
If I can cease feeling the burning , I will have \ 
been getting better at controlling my brain . 
NEED SNACK 
Now out to clean apartments ! 
Is getting pretty damn good and patient , but is also getting time-sick again . 
It should be Raining . 
Time to go out to the ranch ! 
To dance 20 feet up in a tree , To dance back down the street , I must be feeling free ! Sweet tradgody is the only thing I feel for thee . 
Aquired much needed life and philosophic experiance and knowledge this weekend . I must thank the universe for providing encounters and giving out experiance . 
For christmas .... Hmmm , A window to the outside ! In more than ways than the literal one1 
Cad Fradget chest pains ! 
I am going to go to sleep possibly . Possibly I will go to sleep . If I have not this sleep I do not require I will not see the sun so early as I should . I should have this sleep , but I do not see the sun yet and therefore have not a reason to know why this sleep is elluding me ... Perhaps I just need a good nights rest in order to understand why sleep is elude me . 
Rar Ar ! Ar ! Ar ! ARRR ! 
If there's one thing i want for summer solstice .... Its a Kickass Microphone , not just any one neither , studio quality is whats required ... why must I feel like laughing maddly at five in the mourning ?! Bahzing , Maybe I will watch a movie . 
Dose not feel like going out , again . 
<.< >.> 
Eating good nourishment for just another day ! Oh boy am I hanging in there ! 
Needs to want something new , but wants to need the same damn thing I've never been able to be content without . 
Ohhh , I'm feeling nostalgically ' Raheem ' today : I still go by Shaka though , it has more ring . It might just be the coffee , I need someone's head to talk off ! 
Spooning chocolate pudding and eating chicken tacos and listening to more novels about distent other worlds . Oh < PROPFEMALE > . 
And now is time to build sleeping quarters . I is home . 
Could go for a drinking companion . Any takers ? 
Loading up on power-music . 
I've got the head and I've got the heart and I've got the time . Who'd ever know you don't need so much to be happy . 
* I Freaking Love This Story * \ 
The Wheel of Time * Ask for a link if ya want . But I've got a story to get back to . Its a good night . 
Is now permitted to drive under the approprate surcumstances . Oh how time goes on , I will follow it at least . 
La da da , la da < PROPFIRST > , la da dum dum , La da da daa La da < PROPFIRST > la da dum dum 
Unspeakably gleeful , I slept on my shoulder \ 
wrong and woke up at 3 , but hey hey hey . I made fantastic food . Aside from that I've got no good reason and allot of chores to catch up on , but why not listen to the frogs and lay in bed all day ??!! 
Nearly given a concussion from Falling Frozen Chicken From the Freezer !!! Thats a good way to end the night . 
Dealing with pain 
wants to invent a machine to measure the qualities of indevidual neurons and connect the study with memory . To analyze what form information takes in a neuron . 
Bring it on and remember , forever . 
Ay computer watcho waitin for play some friggen music ! 
Learning about the planet and being astonished of its beauty , laughing at its playfulness and respecting the factors at work to make it what it is . Planet Earth is a good documentary . 
Looking at birds of paradise and river deltas has given me enough wonder to lift a baloon into air . I even appreciate the spelling of the English Language . Now thats a first ! 
Listening to some ancient < PROPMALE > Elfman stuff . 
Woah woaha woooaah . Time is blurring by and for once I don't mind . 
Feel's like if someone dosn't understand me know , then they never will . 
NIGHT FEVER . EMOTION . We know how to do it , here I am , waiting for this moment to last . 
Men Without Hats . Awe yeah . 
Wow nobody's on at this time of night . I should go and make friends with people in different time zones for these moments , ahh , someday . 
Okay , I'm taking a pole , gimme suggestions for an instrument I should learn to play , I need something convienant on storage . Some are already higher up there in my head , but I'm still considering suggestions . Mixers and didgital music making systems included . 
Down with the capitalistic science of behavioral studies !!!!! 
I have a heart , a brain and what constitutes a soul . I am indeed a very special Simeon bio-machine . I'm pretty stoked . 
Can't hardly read with eyes this dilated . Its a good thing I type without looking at the keyboard . Seriously , this all looks like gibberish . \ 
\ 
But colors are sooo pretty ... 
Needs a < PROPMALE > to watch movies with and have an excuse to go out and buy fancy snacks for . 
Prickley , burney , aahhahsdhsahhfhih .. * shivers * I'm dying all over again . I'll get pictures out once I'm finished . 
Phase one complete , now if I could just see the back of my head .... 
Independent superintendent - maybe I'll write something about that . Now time to make some coffee and pug-grub . Hoo Hah ! Say anyone wanna read a dream I just had ? 
Its off to the mountain of discovery and adventure . 
Finally able to think of myself as an animal And as a human . Both together at once and both equally important . 
Feels so ... Optional . 
Time to book another date at CR to comply with those NEEDY fafsa people ... Heh , I take their money and I call them needy ; ahh well , some people are not worth their money it is true . 
Has new profile picture to go on everything , foreverz . 
Power levels over nine thousand ! 
Chilled and out there , all in one safe place . 
Phone is out for a while anyone who wants ; call me on the < PROPMALE > house main phone if you have to reach me . 
Really dose take after his good ol ' mom < PROPFEMALE > in how I care for people . This knowledge pleases me . 
revving up engines and resting up for some last begotten free time found in waiting . 
Loves this material world . Why there is not more festival and free speaking I can only blame the social structure of < PROPFEMALE > . 
dang it , the world dose not seem sufficiently bright without sleep during the night . 
Jupiter and Saturn may have their differences but I refuse to lose my ground . 
Now if only I could own a mansion of my own , outfitted with music in every room and plenty of instruments . Bizam , it must be the < PROPFEMALE > calling . 
Oh my beloved Ice Cream bar ... Power my circuits while I make some real food ... 
Really feels like the world is just one size off . 
First day of the new year of classes was a success and an excitement . 
STOP . DEVOTIME . 
Fabulous , Fabulous tomorrow ! 
The Future of Food is another documentary we all need to watch and share to do our part in helping humanity by small nudges . 
Sorray if I ain't getting back to anyone , my phone be dead and will not even give me caller ID 
Has got to do some connecting with his grandpa . How glad I am to know he is one of the same enlightened choir I am a part of . 
Nothing cleaver to say yet I thought of saying something anyway , oh well its back to school-time ! 
Feeling ready . Remembering all those networks of neurons that together generate good feelings , fun truths , memory of ages past and present and all the possibility of the future ... Four spellcheck errors in this , maybe I need something like a doctorate in English . Maybe I just need to invent an internet comparable language of feeling . That makes five spellcheck-found errors . Now its off to Campus ! 
Is Relatively Wordless !! \ 
(: j 
Hath woken up at a far earlier time than indeed anticipated . In fact I am not just on vacation , I am also in so-hum with a hankering for an early mourning walk and several afternoon talks . 
Dear anomalous micro-habitat that has been destroyed this mourning . I wish for you new growth to appear in your place and for your former inhabitants to find peace . 
No more overkill . ~ ~ That really means something , but I'd be stupid to try to explain . Some people will understand if I say I know I have wiggle room now . wiggling , the dance of life , perhaps the first dance invented . Its the dance that makes content to be just another heart . 
Back to the same old un-moved-ness . 
Wants to declare ' thinking ' as a physical act with equal and absolute reactions in the shape of the brain and the shape of our futures . But I realize I cannot test this thesis until thoughts can be stored on a hard-drive other than my own squishy , gelatinous , changing soft-drive memory . 
appetite please come ... 
Far too human for my own good . hahah . Haa ... 
Just loves when \Analogies\ " are literal in their own way . " 
Whooting and hollering at the kitties out in the back-yard . They are not human trained , they are survivalists but they are cuuuuute . 
Night night .... night ... 
Wrinkles in my head-jelly are forming and singing their wave-like brain songs . People talking and sharing complex ideas always gets my brain back into a lightly thoughtful groove . Time to memorize homeworks ?! Naw ! Ignorance ! Bulgardash ! I would rather be learning . 
Lets get physical . Lets go places , Lets build stuff , Lets talk , Lets dance , Lets think of our bodies and drink water , Lets irrigate streams , Lets blow up some dams . Lets get things straight , Lets help each other out by losing track of our ' self ' and understanding the ' we . ' \ 
Lets sort this out with all other living things and teach our wisdom and study things ! 
Friend to hangout with ?? Neigh neigh neigh neigh neigh ! Rather uninspiring it is sometimes . 
This monkey sad . 
Loves being hyper in the early , or late in the day . Surplus energy and yipping noises are the Best ! None of that silent but reasonable stuff , just raww impulse !!! Chickone , Goooda . 
Sleep time now , with smiles and a good nights rest . Lets go see if the latter part of that is true ! 
\Where's the Magic ?!!? \ " { I said earlier :} \ " Found the magic^Amused *\" Funny I said that \"" 
Too calm , too calm , too calm , too calm Too Calm !!! Must fight back the cold with ... Ohh no , I had no filler yesterday- I need more food to burn !! until then , its time to use my food stores to fire up these engines ! 
Dreams on hold , time to shape what I can with the tools I have . Time to take things back , I have time and I have a surging fountain of life within me . I am incomplete but since when was that ever a problem . For today's function , this is good enough . 
Dancing . I need to start dancing . 
Someone has made your mistake before . Liven and take heart at that you will not be the last ; to be the first is truly a great honor ... But some of the fighters and thinkers of old should be carried on in at least our deeds if not our memory . Dis-Cover . 
Aggression . Even aggression has its place and I would be sorry without it . 
Figuring out how to make a doll who sits and looks natural is not the same as the making of one . It would mean allot for me to be able to make one though . 
Here goes everything . 
Listening to a chapter of audio books while I get my engines revving . 
Facebook ... Number one cause of burnt breakfast . 
Wanna studio again . Except this time I wanna run the show ! 
Time to take this laundry out on a date . 
Hey , computer , go to sleep . I don't need you or that silly cell-phone with its audio-sensory alarm to wake me up when my biological clock is perfectly capable of doing that job for me . Silence ! And let books and biology be all the noize I receive ! 
Across go the streamers and ribbons of light and fire ; they are the song of energy and chemistry and feelings and plans . It is the wind that sweeps across this land , extending and connecting , associating , forgetting remembering and predicting while directing the things I call hands . 
Needs a channel . Or a funnel , or something that requires of me input ! 
Loves Brain-Powers ! 
Remember ; President Palin wants you lackadaisical Californian revolutionists not to vote this Tuesday . 
Its time for an act damnit ! Someone needs to extort some effort from me , cuz on my own for my own is getting me seasick . 
Pull ... Push ... Move and squirm and work ! Aeigh . Presentations and raiding parties and I'll have to sleep this one off for a week . 
Should really have peace today and pay ceremonial respects for his ancestors . Damn obligations all around the board though , I suppose I need to make time for them soon ... Hey ! My grandpa and Uncle are visiting this week !!! Dose that count ? 
Misses the artistic creativity possible with Myspace ... Seriously , there needs to be a better way than Facebook . Riiight ? 
War chants , Grunting , Sharpening and strapping and blowing the horn !! It is time to fallow Our ways to < PROPFEMALE > and plunder or our ancestors in so doing !! 
The strangest trains and ideas give the best realizations . I saw Dionysus again last night , in very close to his true form for a moment . Moments do pass though ; and we remain human and either we adapt , or we fall off rhythm . 
WAAAAA HOOO HOO HOO HOOOOEW !!!!! I Got Time To LIVE !!! Fully Conscious and 100% Me , I might not have this again after I pass , but I might have something more one day again ! 
Okay and made it home like a Champion . Top notch skip/limping most of all the way . Circulation ; nominal . Attitude ; nominal , Immunological defense network ; nominal but stressed . physical awareness ; nominal . All body systems set on Immunizing and toughening . Heh , physical pain of the day ; Absolutely bared well . 
Now though hits cold with strife as slick as an arrow . but to hibernate misses out on things most beneficial to do . Aye , its an unsettled standoff . 
Gotta love the need to refuel carbs . 
Ea Haefestus , Ae Aathina ! 
Everything is so far away ... But I am more centered than ever on the bright side . Healing is now progressed so that I am able to turn back the tide and push the invaders out of my flesh so that they can be washed away , swelling is reduced , messaging lymph glands to get the deeper remnants of the infection to be processed into liver and kidneys . 
The Devil sent me a < PROPMALE > , Look ! See !! It has 666 . Thats just funny . Hopefully I can wave my wand and enchant government services to exorcise the demon . 
Book Yeah ! \The Hidden Dimension\ " \ " he Dance of Life : The Other Dimension of Time\ " \ " The Poetics of Space\ " and my own copy of the \ " Head Trip\ " all together for 40 dollars . Why do some books have to be so expensive ? " 
keyboarD DieD I'm so grills and Imp . I'm Ill ... FOO ! 
Tikk . :.) 
You can't say \Unshakable\ " without Sha-ka ! :D \ 
Too misses every One . 
Consciously sleeping in , by product : Comfort , dreams , on-timeness still , loss of time and forgetting of dreams to remember important things . 
Memory is the weirdest Fruckin thing . So is what the mind dose to memory in dreams ... Look < PROPFEMALE > , our apple tree has friends . 
Lets go out and figure magnetism . What gives with our bio-electric circulating iron blood and our electro-gray matter ? Its gray because its one step off dark . 
The fates are not the forecasters , nor the words the whether-makers of gray matter . 
Oh whats this ? I only have fancy salad , blueberries , yogurt , yogurt/apricot bite-ables and water from the source ? Well hell yeah . 
OMG Marionberry Pie Ice Cream Heaven ! 
I don't think we're alone ... But the < PROPMALE > that someone's messing with us ... is how come in particle physics certain things can't be observed or made sense of , or change when we look at them . Hawh , there's a conspiracy just waiting there . 
How you bounce determines how you think , every moment , every day . How you write with a pen , how you think when you think you're thoughts will dead end , its all cumulative , every moment , every neuron slain and every revive you cast . \ 
~ This makes it hard to study the constantly changing jelly which is the brain ; the unseen computer , the unseen filter to all that we see glitter . \ 
Tea : The savior . 
Prophecy changes fate . And hence fate changes our interpretation of prophecy . What , in truth are the fore-tellers ? The same atoms that make us and all of substance . 
Regress on any one lesson and find that fate will reprehend you for it so that you either learn to ignore fate , or live the process of evolution . 
first experience with a 2 hour + attention span for reading and at some moments fully cognitive speed-reading . Hell Yeah !!! 
< PROPFIRST > of Arc . \ 
Hahahahaha , well it only has to be funny for me , for anybody else I can be accepted as dead serious . 
\Grow a limestone reef under Venice\ " \ 
Runaway once more boy blue , run away . Just be here by the time I need you . 
This time no hurry . 
We're all correlated . 
One third of the way to long enough , a quarter of the way if it gets better , one fifth if I really have something going . 
15.8 c and comfy ! I can rock this temperature . Tileso never do warm so much as that though . Feet cold when pressed to em in thermodynamically exchanging way . 
The many pieces of the eye of Horus see far into ourselves . 
