is up addressing invitations and realized I DON'T have everything I need ... blah 

working on my < PROPMALE > project . ( its fantastic if i do say so myself . ) 
I just spent 2 HOURS on a 2 X 1 1/2 inch piece of my < PROPMALE > project !!!!! ( This project is becoming less fun and more frustrating . ) 
I am tired of 5000 < PROPMALE > away and the crap it brings with it ... then I wonder if thats the ONLY problem . 
GOT OFFICIALLY APPROVED FOR MY LAPBAND SURGERY ! Exciting ? I think so ... 
geez . 
the < PROPMALE > gallery was pretty awesome . I think I will be visiting again soon . 
is so tired . I'm so sick of school right now 
watching < PROPFEMALE > and the ferocious beast with audrey ... You know you are a mom when after you put your kid down for a nap , playhouse disney is still on in your room and you dont realize you could be watching something else until an hour later ... 
I've got my toes in the water , ass in the sand , cold drink chilling in my right hand .... ( me dreaming . ) 
is mad that all of this school work is keeping me from spending time with < PROPFEMALE > 
still at it 
i'm so not going to meet this deadline ... especially while I'm playing around on here . 
it was good to take a break and talk to you tonight ... I should do that more 
not sure what to think of yo gabba gabba ... its weird , but < PROPFEMALE > has watched almost the whole espisode ... hmmm 
My boyfriend almost died tonight . I guess sometimes it takes being scared to death to realize what you take for granted and how much those things really make up your life . ( He's fine now , but is staying in the hospital for the night . ) 
back to the drawing board ( literally . ) 
still working on this < PROPMALE > project . Hope I get it done by tuesday ... 
is enjoying a victory strawberry limeade . It is so tasty . 
my < PROPMALE > midterm was best in the class ... pretty proud of myself for it being my first project ... 
the < PROPMALE > of all pervs is dead ... i mean , so sad . 
had an awesome day ... I'm sooo tired . 
loves it when random people send me dirty pictures of themselves because of a \wrong number . \ " That just makes my day ... ( After I vomit ) " 
waiting for the parents to get home so I can go out ... 
wow , I felt really really bad this morning . I definitely dont miss that feeling . 
feels better now . 
why did that post three times ? 
i wish i could just sleep . 
he agreed to give up his rights ! 
my ear hurts ... hope I am not getting sick 
going night night ... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is mad that yo gabba gabba is over ... I still dont know about this show . 
so I'm watching the cosby show , and up pops a teenage < PROPFIRST > sandler ... hmm ... 
Wonders what it would be like to have some consistantly good friends in my life . Maybe I should find some . But where to look ? 
Ok so I have this paper due today and I havent started working on it yet .... Haha , I'm screwed . There goes my 4.0 ... 
I'm just taking it all in , so I can get up in the morning and do it again . :) { I love this life } 
doesnt know what to do ... 
I'm hiring a hitman on a $100 budget . If you're interested , let me know . :) 
if life is like a box of chocolates whoever gave them to me ate all the good ones ... 
once again , night night world ... only five more days until the happiness . :) 
is now going to spend more money that she doesnt have , debt is awesome huh ? FML 
so much to do , so little time ... ( still looking for that hitman ) 
getting excited and stressed all at the same time . :) 
i'm gonna die if I get a B in english ... 
poor < PROPFEMALE > , she feels so bad . :( 
just realized that today is my two year anniversary ... FML 
continuing on the homework voyage ... If I'm not back in 2 hours , send a search party ! 
dude how is he going to go from \shut the f *** up\ " to \ " baby I love you\ " ? stupid almost ex husband . " 
having a < PROPMALE > pity party ... 
With the Asian and Hispanic populations increasing rapidly , some analysts predict that today's children will live to see people of African , Asian , and Hispanic ancestry become the MAJORITY of this country's population . 
has almost finished up this semester ... awesome . 
Wonder pets , wonder pets , we're on our way , to help some baby animals and save the day , we're not too big and we're not to tough , but when we work together , we've got the right stuff . Go wonder pets , Yay ! ( That's so sad when this song runs through my head 
today was my last < PROPMALE > class ! yay ! 
the new < PROPMALE > potter validated my point as to why I am not going to read any of the twilights until all the movies are out ... 
every time I get 100% used to him being by my side , he goes away again ... this completely blows . 
started my ten day liquid diet for my surgery today ... um yeah . 
Today I started my ten day liquid diet for my surgery , which will occur in ten days . ( there ) 
I have noticed that if you want something bad enough , all the hurdles seem to turn into mere speed bumps ... 
is about to go slurp something . :) 
my mere speedbumps turned into a huge freaking brick wall ... that's what I get for being optimistic ... haha 
missing you . 
is appreciating the little things 
my feet are swollen ... why ? 
yep , so I'm pretty sure I just broke my freaking foot ... ( I cant move my toes or put weight on my foot , its also purple and hurts pretty bad . Hooray me ) 
fractured my foot 
i've become addicted to the national geographic channel ... Its just fantastic ! 
the people who live in our house are falling apart . 
mom and dad took < PROPFEMALE > to the store ... finally a few minutes to myself . :) 
misses being in school ... I guess that officially makes me a geek . :) 
men are so freakin whiny . 
wants to know who is crazy enough to knock on my window at 12:30 am . 
is extremely tired , and very annoyed . 
is worried about what I'm going to do for health insurance after this divorce . 
Stupid faulkner ... now I have to drive all the way up there and fight my way through seas of freshmen on registration day , just so that some lady can look at me and press a button on a computer that SHE forgot to press anyway to approve my financial aid . I mean , really ? 
FML . 
had good lunch with old friends ... :) 
hooray ! SCHOOL ! 
just got back from math ... watching hoarders and doing homework . 
I had a dream about factoring < PROPFIRST > last night ... it was pretty ridiculous . Stupid math , how I loathe thee . 
sometimes my days just seem to run all together ... 
I never realized how hard on a parent it is to discipline a child . When I tell < PROPFEMALE > no and she cries I have to restrain myself from scooping her up and telling her that I'm sorry . 
all this h.o.m.e.w.o.r.k. , and I have to clean everything . Mom & < PROPFEMALE > are chilling for the rest of the afternoon . ( I love living with the grandparents . ) 
After years of snubbing it , I just found out that I LOVE tapioca pudding ... wow . 
I am getting so tiiired of this insomnia ... 
beccause its not like I have anything better to do than fight at 9:00 in the morning with < PROPMALE > of freakin idiots . 
the worship at church tonight was awesome . :) 
ok , had to move my surgery to the 3rd of sept , so I started this diet thing again yesterday . So far , so good . 
sleeeeeeeeeeeeepy . feeling like I need some friends who are mommies to < PROPFEMALE > out with . 
I think that some of the hardest situations in life are just God telling you to let go and trust Him , because all you have done is made it a lot worse than it had to be by thinking you didn't need any help ... 
Is ready to get this surgery over with on thursday , on day 6 of the 10 day liquid diet . Being hungry is the worst part of it . 
3 more days 
Well I guess we survived < PROPFEMALE>'s first day of preschool 
The surgery went well , I had to stay an extra night because I kept getting really nauseated , but I am home now . :) 
Had to go back to the er last night , but it turns out I am fine , just a worrier . :) Thanks everyone for your support ! Now , back to homework . 
< PROPFEMALE > just pitched the biggest temper tantrum I have ever seen a child pitch . It rivaled nanny 911 ! 
what ? tomorrow's my birthday ? riiiiight . 
deadrising + me = love . 
hmm ... guitar hero world tour , a new blackberry , and an xbox .... 23 is going to be a fabulous year ! 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Can't seem to make myself go to sleep . I keep going in < PROPFEMALE>'s room every 10 minutes to make sure her fever doesn't spike again . The e.r. was HORRIBLE ! 
And I am still awake . 
I need some love . :) 
took some DAYTIME cold medicine and am so sleepy I can barely hold my eyes open ! That is soooo not right ! 
is having one of those mornings . I wish < PROPFEMALE > would go back to sleep so I could too . 
watching the green mile . I never get tired of this movie . 
Ni Hao , Kai-lan . 
Just found out that my dream tree is not happening . siiiiigh . 
is feelin ' like a freak on a leash ... 
offers a word of advice : If you haven't had any sugar in 6 weeks , putting 2 packs in your coffee is a BAD IDEA 
is so completely ready for all of this to be over . 
has bronchitis , pharyngitis , and a double ear infection . AWESOME . 
Has had a very productive day so far ! 
had a great day in brewton 
We're just two lost souls swimmin ' in a fish bowl . 
Has so much to deal with right now , and am thoroughly proud of myself for handling it all correctly . :) 
praying for my friends and thanking God that my load isn't really as heavy as I think it is . I just have to remember that He never gives us more than we can handle . ( saying a prayer for little < PROPFEMALE > as well ) 
finds it unfathomable that it once was impossible to watch an in-home movie . 
ah man , loooooooong day . Preschool tomorrow ! 
what the crap is going on with this news feed/live feed stuff ? 
Everyone who hates the new facebook layout ~ THERE'S AN EASY FIX :) on the menu at the top left , click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top , above NEWS FEED . After dragging to the top , click on it . That becomes your default and HOME is like before ! Pass it on ... ( IT WORKS , I DID IT ! ) 
headache finally went away , and now I'm off to bed . Tomorrow is preschool fall festival , I will definitely post pictures soon . :) 
Halloween ! 
' s thoughts and prayers are with Ft . Hood . 
Thank you everyone who has or is serving to give us this wonderful nation ! 
has choosen to proceed with out a lawyer and has failed , miserably . FML . 
just updated me plunderin and blabbered t ' me mateys 
I did it , finally ! 
got my band filled today . 3cc's . It wasnt't bad at all and I feel great , I just am back on the clear liquids for today . :) 
feels even worse today than yesterday . 
Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
still feels kinda bad . A lot better though . Staying in bed again today so that maybe I can watch < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . It sucks to feel like you can't take care of your own child . 
yeah so i am still sick ... 
Aaah ... what a day . Drama , cleaning and cooking , baby wrangling . It wouldn't be the day before thanksgiving without it . 
Had such a great day today with my amazing family , and had a blast with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and jerret . :) 
has sooooo had enough of adults who are still children . 
doesn't want to hear it tomorrow .... lol 
my computer is being real dumb right now ... 
is in desperate need of rescuing . 
has court in the morning ... 
is finally free ..... I think I should throw myself a party , or at least pour a little vodka . :) 
He is on the way back to mobile now ... Too bad I have full legal and physical custody as of yesterday ... :) 
working on christmas presents ... sean made me feel better about christmas ... he is good at that . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > had to sleep with me again last night ... She loves it , but I hardly get any sleep . I don't think this is a good trend . 
does anyone know what kind of form is needed to terminate parental rights in alabama ? 
you can lead a deadbeat dad to their daughter , but you can't make them give a damn ... 
is about to put together < PROPFEMALE>'s kitchen . Any of you strong burly men want to do it for me ? There could be mistletoe involved ... lol 
had a wonderful day , and just finished experiencing < PROPFEMALE>'s very first christmas meltdown ... no one warned me of this . thanks .... :) 
is really stressing about the time crunch . 
hates feeling helpless ... :( 
Rang in my new year at the ER with a uti . Fun fun 
sometimes people just arent who you think they are 
will be ok . I'm just glad i found out before this time 
just put < PROPFEMALE > back down after she decided to wake up at 12:30 for no reason and then proceeded to be as hyper as she could . So goodnight then . 
is pleasantly surprised ... 
its ok , we'll make it ... like always . 
is tired and bored ... 
likes my lit class so far 
feels like I need a < PROPMALE > change in my life .... any suggestions ? 
is reading ' Oedipus the < PROPMALE>' for lit and suddenly doesn't feel like my life is so screwed up ... 
feels like this lack of friends thing should not be going on . It would be nice to have someone to talk to . lol I'm pathetic . 
is beginning to question my ability to judge the characters of others . 
is in desperate need of someone who knows anything about microeconomics . 
wishes someone would distract me from this homework ... :) 
is beginning to get used to people again ... haha . 
needs a get < PROPMALE > quick scheme ... or a job . haha 
Time heals , time congeals around us . Endless hours of wasted moments understanding , not demanding ... Your eyes tell what you feel inside Setting sun can't shine , now you're gone inside sleeping , my heart beating , you know that you tried to hide it . Shouldn't you have said what you meant ? YOU LIED 
definitely won't put off econ homework until the last minute again . 
feels like its a pajama day for me and < PROPFEMALE > . Does that make me extremely lazy ? 
if anyone else has a bone to pick with me , today is the day apparantly . Be careful though , I might bitch slap you too . 
my fine is $865.60 
is sooooo sick ... 
sometimes you have to ignore every piece of advice you get , every negative thought in your head , close your eyes , and just jump . 
its a quarter after one , i'm a little drunk and i need you now ... 
isnt it just my luck that the one thing i want i can't have ? 
and nay , good soldiers I leave you with this : ' twasnt only true loves that were sealed with a kiss , but in a love so fair and fine as yours the hearts entertwine with true love's bliss ... 
hit the 50 pound weight loss < PROPFIRST > today ! 
I've been roaming around , I've been looking down and all I see Painted faces fill the places I can't reach You know that I could use somebody ... Someone like you ... 
omg i need a nap 
What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song : Mine was < PROPFEMALE > - BANANARAMA 
is a heart-on-sleeve wearer . 
my urban dictionary won't fit ... :( But it basically said that I was gorgeous and the song \crazy bitch\ " was written about me . awesome . " 
i swear it feels like i have rocks in my throat . 
probably has the cutest and most brilliant daughter ever . 
one of these days things will be better and I will finally get it right 
< PROPFEMALE > is sitting here rubbing my leg ... hahaha . 
Inside your feeble brain there's probably a hole , if you don't shut your mouth you're gonna feel a blow 
woke up to < PROPFEMALE > throwing up this morning and 104 fever . She has pneumonia ... poor baby . 
feels sooooooooooooooooo bad for < PROPFEMALE > . 
today is just not going to be a good one . Maybe when < PROPFEMALE > feels better I will sleep again ... 
so Legion was ok , not exactly what I thought it was going to be . It wasn't really scary , but it had a decent story . 
< PROPFEMALE > is home !!!!! 
has 3 acts of hamlet to read ... 
catches herself dreaming of being dreamed of 
thinks that maybe one day i won't be afraid i am being used and then will be able to really be happy ... 
wonders if its ok for secretly hating on the bestie for being pregnant . lol 
Idk why < PROPFEMALE > thinks that you count 1 , 2 , 3 , POOP , 5 , 6 , 7 ... etc . She can say four and knows that poop is supposed to be four but she wants to say poop . idk . But its hilarious 
wishes her life was like burger < PROPMALE > . 
Has to have surgery for a tumor and a polyp they found today ... 
hmm .... so this modeling agency contacted me on facebook , saying they liked my profile pic . lol . Scam ? I think so . 
how are BOTH of my computers going to crap out on me ? 
is done . 
To thine own self be true . 
Aye , there's the rub . 
mint 3 musketeers are AMAZING 
feels like sometimes my mouth screws things up for me pretty badly ... 
has nothing to say . 
why can't anything ever turn out the right way ? 
Happy Easter everyone ! Hope it was as good as mine . :) 
screwed up royally and is now pulling an all nighter as penance . 
wishes someone else would have been here to hear < PROPFEMALE > talk about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in her sleep . 
has begun to develop a deep passion for the writings of Mr. Whitman 
first day of spring break , my car is in the shop and I am going to clean the hell outta mine and < PROPFEMALE>'s room . Wish me luck 
WANTED : one ( or more ) exercise < PROPMALE > who will help to keep my ass motivated . ( literally . haha ) 
the best kisses from < PROPFEMALE > are the slimy ones ... you know she means it when she slobbers all over you . :) 
here goes the melville ... I've put it off too long 
Well blow me down . 
sitting at the IHOP , \studying \"" 
Spring break has been good to me . 
has had the car in the shop twice this week and it looks like its going to have to go back . 
has decided that optimism is what is truly needed in my life right now . So ... my new goal is to try to stay positive . We will see how well that goes . 
Won a package from portrait innovations at the silent auction last night . Sweet ! 
is lonely . :( 
Is going to the uncle cracker rehab concert at soul kitchen on friday ! 
had an amazing night . 
Watchin uncle kracker and rehab at soul kitchen and having a bomb ass time with a great guy . 
1 blister + 2 amazing bands + 3 beers + a completely blow-your-mind nice guy = a freaking amazing night . 
does NOT want to be awake today . 
Is being restless again ... I'm going to regret this in the morning when < PROPFEMALE > is ready to get up ! 
Is studying for a final tonight and trying to entertain < PROPFEMALE > . Its funny how the amazing multi-tasking abilities kick in when you have a kid . 
Got a little < PROPFEMALE > pell < PROPMALE > for school this summer ! Only two classes but I'm excited about it ! 
Sometimes there just aren't enough rocks . 
sometimes just wishes that she could perfect the < PROPMALE > of curb-stomping on one p < PROPMALE > icular person's face ... 
is getting sick and < PROPFEMALE > is not going to sleep any time soon . awesome . 
School for < PROPFEMALE > this morning . NO school for me but its raining , so thats not fun , plus I'm sick . Maybe I'll lounge for a while . :) 
It's easier for me to look at < PROPFEMALE > and know I won than it is to hate you . So please don't get your feelings hurt when I don't waste anymore time on that subject .... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s program tonight was so much fun ! 
is excited for tonight , but super tired of the drama . :( 
There are 3 bluebirds a blackbird and a cardinal having a turf war in my backyard . 
Is learning how to live off of power naps 
Woke up to breakfast in bed . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is going to bed ... goodnight . 
Oh , you make me smile . :) 
Needs some saving today . Haha 
Just know wherever you are < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you . :) 
Another fabulous night with you . Siiiiigh , I'm all happy and about to go to bed . :) 
is a little confused . 
Is taking a NAP while < PROPFEMALE > does . Worked this morning , then a very unpleasant experience with < PROPFIRST > .. I'm so tired . 
Has the best mommy and daddy in the whole world . :) 
had a looooooong day at work . 
Poor audrey .... she's just coughing in her sleep . I hope she feels better soon , I feel so bad for her . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > would want pancakes on my day off . 
has had a great time getting to know the people from work . Its really nice to have good friends again . :) 
Free ... Just as free as we'll ever be 
Dear High School Graduation : \ 
I appreciate the money you made me tonight , however , tomorrow night could we do with out the million bitchy customers please ? Thanks . :) 
Worked until 3 last night , then had to be at class at 8 this morning . Back to work at 6 . I'm super exhausted , and I didn't get my apartment ! :( 
had a good-ish day . :) 
why does my bed tempt me so ? I thought it was my friend , but today it is my nemesis . 
UUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
um .... I'm a little shocked at how my night turned out . In a very good way , of course . :) 
done with class , going to study on my last night off . I need to get a week's worth of homework knocked out tonight . Wish me luck ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I had a blast today in the pool ... I was sad to leave her for class . :( 
Is soooo sleepy . Goodnight ! 
Had a good lunch with mom ... Work at 5 ! 
Still doesn't feel very well , but work at 6 . 
Work is slow ... Someone come see me ! 
Did anyone else see how fast shell took over the summit bp in spanish fort ? 
Thank you to everyone who has served our country ! Happy Memorial Day and Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
while reading ' Common Sense ' just now , a bat decided to terrorize me ... then he promptly decided to die on the porch . awesome . unless it's a ploy , and he just wants me to come poke him , so he can evoke even more terror ... tricky bats 
stupid shoulder ... 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had such a good birthday . We went to lambert's and she thought the roll throwing was hilarious . :) 
Everyone don't forget to respond to your party invites so I can know how much of everything to get ! 
Just finished wrapping presents ! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > , for putting < PROPFEMALE>'s trike together ! 
If he comes down your fairway , don't put up a fight ; you're the woman who opened the flyyyyyyyyyyyy of the tiger ! haha ... :) 
What a beautiful day for a birthday party ! Hope to see everyone there :) 
We had a great party yesterday . Time to study study study ... 
is glad to have my extremely improved laptop back ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > , you rock . :) 
bed ... sleep ... siiiiiiiigh . :) 
has had an unusually busy day . Now just homework maybe a little cleaning . maybe . 
homework . check . cleaning ... haha . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > is sick :( 
my dvd player WOULD break when i don't have batteries for the satellite remote . curse you , < PROPFEMALE > . 
well it looks like i'm going to be at faulkner for another semester .... fml . I haven't missed the deadline for the fall , but there are like a million things I have to get to UWF before the 30th and I just don't see that happening at all . 
haha ... walmart with a 2 and 3 year old on a saturday night is an interesting experience . :) 
Happy Father's day to all then non-deadbeats ! :) 
I love wall-e . it's fabulishous . 
Is anyone selling a toddler bed ? 
sometimes , you just have to stifle everything and press on . I have too great of a thing going for me right now to mess it up . :) 
has a math final in the morning and no study time . awesome . 
wonders if < PROPFEMALE > will ever outgrow this no sleeping thing ... 
Two math classes down , one to go !!! 
Did ANYONE from the gulf coast actually get tickets ? 
is too sleepy and/or lazy to take off my makeup ... guess I will just go to bed beautiful . 
is too tired for words . 
Back to math ... I had a 2 day break and it was wonderful . :) 
Congratulations daddy on your job ! 
made it all night on huge heels sunday , only to come home and be forsaken by my driveway . FAIL . 
just fell in love with the Gone With the Wind collector's edition for Blu < PROPFIRST > . siiiiigh . 
is so ready to be done with school . I guess that means I need to pick a < PROPMALE > soon ... Any ideas ? haha 
precal = death 
standing in line to pay a ticket in mobile watching all the interesting people :) 
just got completely screwed with financial aid this semester 
had a great day . When i gave up is when things turned real ... It's funny how that works . :) 
just washed < PROPFEMALE>'s pee off my leg ... 
if you want to watch a good movie , watch daybreakers . Its fabulous . 
fml ... Faulkner's server went down in the middle of my precal final . But the clock on my test is still running . Yeah ... 
is glad her hunny had a < PROPMALE > to make some money today . 
i have a ps3 console for sale for 200 bucks . Its just the console . It works and is in great condition . 
wow , thanks a lot PMS ... 
blaaaaaah . 
is so tired of school . buh . 
Way to go to the idiots who are holding the Koran burning ... Its like an open invitation on our troops . Maybe if you had family or friends over there you 
Is a blue panda today 
Had a very bad night and is going to bed . Goodnight 
Does anyone know any universities that offer an online social work degree ? I've been looking and looking with no luck 
Yesssss !!! 100 on my sociology mid term paper ! 
Second night in the new apartment , and there's a lot to do still , but its ours and that's fabulous ! 
Wonders where my moving friend is ... 
Just made chicken pot pie and it was very tasty ! Yummm ! 
Is tired of feeling bad 
Fire alarm went off at the wic office ... Really ?! 
Preschool fall festival this morning . < PROPFEMALE > is the cutest < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > I have ever seen . :) 
Has decided that I like living in spanish fort . Its so much more quiet than lake < PROPMALE > . :) 
Trick or treating was tons of fun ! < PROPFEMALE > didn't like itlast year but she had a blast this year ! 
Good grief ... Am I EVER going to feel better ???!!! 
Rain rain go away ... 
Interesting class tonight 
Made red beans and rice for dinner . Yum 
Has a feeling I am going to be spending a lot of time at the bookstore this week 
Even studying is peaceful when you do it solo . 
Of course I would be sick today . 
Wow I really feel quite awful . 
Is thankful for my beautiful daughter , my family and my friends . Hooaray for turkey ! 
Is up with one of the worst earaches I have ever had . 
Is so excited < PROPFEMALE > is coming home today . I missed her sooooo much !!! 
Is thankful for all my take home finals 
If the song ' if you're happy ad you know it ' was playing right now I would not clap . 
barnes and < PROPMALE > + starbucks = my comfort zone 
< PROPFEMALE > is sick . :( 
Really ? She swallowed ANOTHER < PROPFEMALE > ? 
The lady finallyyyy came and got her crap out of our apartment . Sweet !!! 
Took < PROPFEMALE > to the christmas parade and we had a great time . I love my family ! ( But I also am sad that we missed my dad's < PROPFEMALE > gig , I wish people would tell us about stuff like that ! ) 
Wishes someone was here to take out the trash . :) 
So my gone with the wind #2 cassette finally bit it after so much rewinding . What am I going to do now ?! Siiiiiigh . 
Had a great day with a fantastic friend 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , for bringing me cable and internet for christmas . :) 
Haha < PROPFEMALE > as a bedtime aid ... Too bad its only once a year ! 
Had the best christmas I can remember in a long long time . 
Hooray for new tires ! 
First class of the semester ... stats . Eeew ! 
Pregnancy + super hot anatomy lab = no bueno 
Its funny how the littlest compliments can put you in the best of moods . Off to stats ! 
is starting to feel ok about having another baby . I can't wait to find out that he is really a boy like I think he is . :) 
How do I make my child stop pooping in the bathtub ?! 
Picking up < PROPFEMALE > from preschool then nap time for both of us ! 
Keep your melodrama to yourself . 
I'm not laughing cause its funny , I'm laughing cause you're just that dumb . :) 
Should be doing homework but can't stop looking at baby stuff ! Can't wait to find out that he's a boy on tuesday ! 
Meth is one hell of a drug . Its nasty and gross and makes people abandon their children and themselves . DRUGS ARE BAD ! JUST SAY NO ! 
Working . :) 
Car broke down this morning ... Luckily no school or work tomorrow ! 
I was right ... The baby is a boy ! 
Likes it when her < PROPMALE > puts random money in her purse ! 
At work . Uti is kicking my butt though . Uuugh 
There's super tasty spaghetti at my house 
Had a nightmare about newborn diapers . Wow . 
Feels kind of yucky , but overall in a good mood . :) 
I need baby name ideas . 
Got up 5 times last night to put < PROPFEMALE > back in her own bed . I'm super sleepy ! 
So has anyone done the completely online school thing ? 
Stupid stupid car 
Going to class , then hobby lobby so I can make my little man a blankie . :) 
Again I say : stupid stupid car ! 
Anyone selling their car ? 
Ill be 6 months next week and I am huuuuuuge already . Bah ! 
Wow ... I didn't think picking a boy name would be this hard ! 
Hormones are driving me crazy . 
Is not feeling work tonight , maybe tomorrow will be better . Haha ... riiiiiiiiight 
Cleaning the house while my little family is asleep . 
So if my arm and leg hairs are blonde while I'm pregnant does that mean they are going to stay that way ? 
So my little family both woke up with fevers ... 
At least I'm not lonely ... 
So I have the most uncomfortable bed . Ever . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I played around on nymbler.com ( the coolest baby name generator ever ) and she has decided the names she likes are < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . She said < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are \just perfect . \"" 
Would love to soak in a hot tub right now ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and about to watch sleepless in seattle ... 
Is now the owner of a beautiful red subaru forester . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > got to school today and ran in yelling \happy balentimes day eweybody !!! \ " :) " 
Really really needs to clean my messy house 
Its tranny chaser day on < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Wow , I really wasn't expecting that . ( I won ) :) 
Had a good little rush at work this morning . :) 
Off work and no school for < PROPFEMALE > means grocery store and a clean house . Hooray ! 
Still hasn't even come close to naming the baby 
WHY won't my blackberry let me put pics on facebook ? Uuuuugh 
What a beautiful day ! 
Should not fall asleep watching snapped . Wow @ my dream . 
is continually being physically assaulted by a 1 1/2 pound man . 
I guess thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano . 
Wow , at the hospital with a kidney infection and am very appreciative of the morphine . VERY appreciative . 
Spent all day in the er yesterday , then had to take < PROPFEMALE > in tonight 
Is at the dr. Pretty sure I'm not gonna like what I'm about to hear ... 
Bedrest is NOT cool 
Feels so lazy . Blah 
My poor little miserable sick < PROPFEMALE > ... :( 
Had a fun time painting with the fam . :) 
My poor little monkey has the flu . :( 
I guess sibling rivalry starts super early 
Is not gonna lie . I'm excited about little man , but really really ready for him to be here so I can get back to life and my non hormonal self . 
It was good to get away for a while 
Gonna hit karaoke tonight for the first time in like 6 months . Woohoo ! 
Now that I'm sittin here thinkin it through , i've never been anywhere cold as you 
Hurts really bad today . :( 
I heart lizard lick towing 
Can't even get a bye mommy out of < PROPFEMALE > when I drop her at school anymore . Lol 
Has the best 2 year old in the entire world . I love her so much ! 
Is looking forward to the arts and crafts festival this weekend 
has to figure out a way to deal with my crazy hormones instead of making everyone's lives miserable . Any ideas ? :) 
I'm glad the little girls are ok . But someone needs to scare the crap out of them for pulling that kind of a stunt 
Just got to see my little man . He's super cute . :) 
Stupid stupid heartburn . Just let me sleep ! 
You can say whatever you want about caring about your kids but actions speak louder than words and your actions make me want to reply f *** you . 
Is in serious need of chinese food . 
Chillin with my homie . Wish < PROPFEMALE > wasn't sick again 
Feels like there is so much I need to do to get the house in order ... 
My poor lil homie . :( 
\Having a baby is like getting a tattoo on your face ... You kinda want to be fully committed\ " -eat pray love " 
Thinks its kinda cool that my ob has a facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 
Audreys hair is turning back red like it was when she was born . Hmmmm 
Has decided on the baby name ! Woohoo ! 
Its amazing what happens when you stop caring so much about what other people think about you 
Woke up to 2 very giggly little girls jumping on my bed this morning . :) today is gonna be a good day 
Is super tired . About to put my monkey to bed and do the same 
Wtf . Why are they singing on greys anatomy ? Who's idea was this ? I can't stop watching though . Its horrible . 
I love u < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Woke up 10 minutes past when < PROPFEMALE > was supposed to be at school , forgot her lunch , went to brunos to get her a lunchable , realized I forgot my wallet at the checkout , went back home and we were an hour late for school . Haha , oh pregnancy . :) 
Has a hot date tonight lol :) 
Laaaazy day . Everyone at my house is sleeping , I think I will join them 
< PROPMALE > decided to camp out in my ribs today . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > and I were both up before 7 this morning . I have to find us something to get into today 
