Is doing well this morning last night didnt kick my ass . But WHY DO ALL GAY GUYS HIT ON ME ? 

Is sick and tired of these stupid 5 AM shifts cant wait until thursday out of work at 1130 and then i will be on mini vacay until monday !! 
Is wondering if its the weekend yet ?? I know only monday but maybe if i click my heels together and close my eyes Ill suddenly be up north .. 
Is wondering why things kind of things have to be so difficult . I should be an expert at this since Im always the one giving the advice . now i am the one taking it . * cant get you off my mind * 
Is wondering why these kind of things have to be so difficult . I should be an expert at this since Im always the one giving advice . Now I am he one taking it . * Cant get you off of my mind * 
Is babysitting < PROPFIRST > and hanging out with Meighan . Bonding day for sure !! One more day of waking up early and 2 more days til girls weekend 
Is working one more 5am shift til 1130 then starts my mini vacay !!!! 
Is happy its finally mini vacay time . Going up to GB for the night and then going to the UP for the weekend for a hog roast !! and yummy food . 
Is disappointed that its < PROPFEMALE > rain outside leaving for the U.P. tomorrow yay for a weekend get a way 
Is thumbs up for a weekend full of making memories , drinking and just have a fun time . Care free this weekend !! 
Is relaxing on her last day off 
Is exhausted helped Meighan with her car . Then gotta work at 5am but going to fox park with Kalli after work to catch some raise !! oh and some for you meighan 
Is just chillen waiting for the storm to pass 
Is working then hanging out with meighan sometime after that . 
Is outta work just waiting for Meighan to get outta work so we can go lay in the SUNSHINE ! 
Is going to be with the Navy people all day today ! FUN FUN .. no work for this kid today :) 
When the name < PROPFEMALE > comes up , you will say who ? I dont know that girl . Cut up our pictures , untag me on here , erase my name in your phone , just press delete ! I dont want you to remember me . I dont care how long we have known each other or if weve been thro 
Is gonna make the best out of things with the little time I have live life to the fullest , laugh too much and love people unconditionally !! Being prepared for whatever comes my way ! And I have the best group of friends right here by my side to come along 
Is happy things are on its way to getting better !! Lets not go through something like that again . Gonna be making good memories this summer thats for sure :) 
Is planning a parasailing trip with Meighan !! And waiting for wednesday night to get here ! 
Is I love facebook ! I can catch up with old friends current friends and new friends ! LOL .. and talk about the college days haha !! Parasailing soon with Meighan cant wait !! <3 
Is working 5AM to 1 ! And then im free for the whole entire day well up until 9 so i can go to bed and do it all over again ! 
is 2 more months and 20 some days until i go to boot camp !! cant wait to start a new journey ! One more day of waking up early then a day off ! * if i knew it would turn out like this then I would have stopped 4 yrs ago * 
Is getting excited for anything but a cup party ! But i think itd be easier to enjoy it if I didnt have you on my mind and was worrying !! FML sometimes . 
Is : Never give up on someone you cant go a day without THINKING ABOUT !! 2 months and 20 some days until i head to great lakes illinois ! 
Is remembering why she doesnt ever go to the doctors !!! ugh 2 more days of getting up early ! FML ... and having second thoughts about my future ?! this is sweet ! 
Is wanting to go out to the bar on wednesday lemme know if anyone wants to go out !! 2 more days of waking up early 
Is one more day of work , then going out to the bar with an old friend to catch up on life . Thursday day off and nothing planned .. Saturday is Grand Haven with Kalli ! 
Is still up wide awake gotta be to work at 5am .. oh well guess ill be exhausted there and then come home and nap . thats ok with me 
Is wide awake drinking a budlight with my bestie and < PROPFIRST > . Listening to < PROPFIRST > being < PROPFEMALE > stoked about night vision goggles that he isnt even gonna get until november 10th . lol .. work is gonna suck tomorrow 
Is reciting finding nemo with my bestie and < PROPFIRST > . got hit in the arm by < PROPFEMALE > and got called a GIRL !! oh no 
Is in Jackson ... about to have < PROPFIRST > make breakfast !! 
Is getting ready to go to bed gotta work at 5am for 5 days in a row . And playing with my new blackberry TOUR ! 
Is wondering if they make bubble wrap body suits one for < PROPFIRST > and one for < PROPFEMALE > . Please cross your fingers that everyone can stay safe for the next 4 days before they leave for Disney !! Thanks ! 
Is praying for < PROPFEMALE > while she goes into surgery at 7 .. wondering if they make bubble wrap body suits one for < PROPFIRST > and one for < PROPFEMALE > . Please cross your fingers that everyone can stay safe for the next 4 days before they leave for Disney !! Thanks ! 
Is wondering if < PROPFEMALE > is still in surgery ?? wondering if they make bubble wrap body suits one for < PROPFIRST > and one for < PROPFEMALE > . Please cross your fingers that everyone can stay safe for the next 4 days before they leave for Disney !! Thanks ! 
Is apparently I moved ?! According to UPS ... thats weird because Im pretty sure Ive lived here for awhile now 
Is situation is good i didnt move !! work for 2 more days then mini vacay ! 
Is one more day of waking up at 4 and then have friday through sunday off !! 
Is being here for < PROPFEMALE > her being a momma is tough sometimes !! < PROPFEMALE > in there bestie almost vacation time !!!! YOU DESERVE IT !! 
Is hanging out at < PROPFEMALE > and Brians house . Bored and alone !! Oh and drinking some by mylsef too !! Have tomorrow off bout to sleep ALL day long !! 
Is 2 months and 8 days until I leave for Great Lakes Illinois . Why does it feel like its taking forever to get here ? Still have a lot of things I wanna do before and havent done hardly any of it :( 
Is singing : But , I'll be there for you , when the rain starts to pour . I'll be there for you , like I've been there before . I'll be there for you , cause you're there for me too . dedicated to Meighan .. LOL 
WON 50 < PROPMALE > S ON A 2 < PROPMALE > SCRATCH OFF !!! and is singing : But , I'll be there for you , when the rain starts to pour . I'll be there for you , like I've been there before . I'll be there for you , cause you're there for me too . dedicated to Meighan .. LOL 
Is chillen today and then have a lame 4 hour shift tomorrow what kind of whack shit is that ?? 
Has a lot on her mind right now and wondering if this is the right thing to do . I am suppose to feel like this after the fact ?? Oh well guess Ill learn from this thats all I want to take from this 
Is having a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > looking at pics . It feels good to rip some of them up !! In the mean time Im trying to forget about you !! 
Is changing her status to see if people will blow my wall up too ;) 
Is pissed at kalli SHE ALWAYS RAINS ON MY PARADE !!!! 
True friends are those who are there for you unconditionally . Never do they question , but always offer support no matter what the circumstances are . True friends are the people worth living for ! 
Is wanting to drive out or fly out to Utah to see her cousins she hasnt seen probably since she was her brothers age ! Thank God for facebook where you can find your family and friends !! 
Is the count down is on !! Today is August 5th and I leave october 6th ! SIXTY DAYS !!!!!! Im scared and excited at the same time ! 
Is the count down is on !! Today is August 6th and I leave october 6th ! SIXTY DAYS !!!!!! Im scared and excited at the same time ! 
Is ONE MONTH 29 DAYS !! TIL GREAT LAKES ILLINOIS ! 
Is wondering how much stuff you can fit into a wallet ? 1 month 28 days . 
Is actually I dont even know what to put haha . I got nothing ! 
If you dont go after what you want , youll never have it . If you dont ask , the answer is always NO . If you dont step forward , youre always in the same place . 
Is when making food dump in beer and use the excuse it looked thirsty ! 
When the name < PROPFEMALE > comes up , you will say who ? I dont know that girl . Cut up our pictures , untag me on here , erase my name in your phone , just press delete ! I dont want you to remember me . I dont care how long we have known each other or if weve been thru everything together . I dont want to be apart of your life anymore and I dont want you to remember that I was in it . 
Is would be stuck at home with no one here while its gonna be STORMING ahhhhh 
Is question : can i be a GI < PROPFIRST > in the Navy ? LOL ... That was a sweet movie ! 
Is Girl Navy meeting was a waste of time . Too many girly girls worried about hair and make up !!! Its 8 weeks get over it ! ITS NOT A BEAUTY PAGEANT !! 
Is finding it funny that kroger has no idea what they got themselves into by putting me in service .. Isnt that right meijer gang ? Well they are in for a REAL treat ! Strike1 ... < PROPFEMALE > 1 Kroger 0 
Is in a little bit of a better mood ! 1 month 18 days -----> 50 days -----> 7 weeks ----> 1200 hours ---> 72,000 min . ----> 4,320,000 seconds .. but whos counting ?! cant wait but can go without being so scared 
1 month 18 days -----> 50 days -----> 7 weeks ----> 1200 hours ---> 72,000 min . ----> 4,320,000 seconds .. but whos counting ?! cant wait but can go without being so ... Great Lakes Illinois here I come .. well sorta 
: Nothing lasts forever , so live it up , drink it down , laugh it off , avoid the bullshit , take chances and never have regrets . Because at one point everything you did was exactly what you wanted 
Is not sure whats more exciting ... A : MSU U of M football October 3rd OR B : Boot camp Oct 6th to move on in life , sick of the same crap everyday !! HMMMM .... any ideas ? 
: Live your life without boundaries , believe in your dreams , love fully and passionately , appreciate everyone in the world , laugh loudly and without abandon , find moments to reveal in . 
: Found out that a \tupperware\ " party is a secret word for a different kinda party ! Working 5AM to 130 then heading to Olivet I hope I see more people ! * cant stop smiling * :) " 
s saying there are things in life NOT to take for granted : FRIENDS , family , money , work , life and love .. Take anyone of those for granted and ITLL BE GONE FASTER THEN YOU MADE IT !! 
: Take chances , take a lot of them because honestly no matter where you end up and with who , it always ends up just the way it should be . Your mistakes make you who you are , you learn and grow with each choice you make , everythings worth it . Say how you feel . ALWAYS BE YOU AND BE OKAY WITH IT ! 
Is thinking bar night tomorrow night ! And then thirsty thursday on well thursday at olds park for some baseball and $2 beer ! Lemme know if anyones interested .. And on saturday roller derby with meighan and < PROPFIRST > !! 
: You find out who your friends are Somebody's gonna drop everything Run out and crank up their car Hit the gas , get there fast Never stop to think ' what's in it for me ? ' or ' it's way too far ' They just show on up with their big old heart You find out who your friends are 
: Life-4 simple letters-yet so complicated Regrets- 7 simple letters- yet they dont seem to disappear Pain- 4 simple letters- yet it takes forever to heal Mistakes- 8 simple letters- yet they can never be erased 
Is getting excited for MSU football season to begin !! FEAR THE SPARTANS ! And we are gonna BEAT U OF M AGAIN , thats RIGHT AGAIN !!! Ill be there .. Going to thirsty thursday at Lugs Stadium with Kalli and CJ ! 
Is getting pumped for MSU football to start this season ! Least Ill get to see the BIG GAME before I leave for boot camp ! WE ARE GONNA BEAT U of M AGAIN ! and 39 days until Oct 6th ! 
Is I hope my luck keeps rolling on ! Won $50 on a $2 a month ago , won $18 on the keno a week ago , a few days ago won $5 on a $1 and won $20 on a $2 today ! Maybe ill win the Mega Millions tonight ! 
I love greys anatomy ! watching season 1 still ! And PS 35 DAYS 
is chillen and have tomorrow off ! Waiting for my power cord to my lap top and waiting for the SWEETEST MSU football shirt to get here . Guess Ill be waiting for the fed ex guy and UPS , hope they dont fight in my yard if they get here at the same time , but whatever free entertainment ! 
Is apparently DEAD !! after my hour run today according to Meighan . So this is my ghost ! BAHAHA 
Is wondering if theres ANYONE OUT THERE that wants to go to the MSU vs Montana state game saturday at noon ?? Still dead I guess bahaha 
Is gonna take a nap , clean sarahs bath tub ( dont ask ) buy my MSU CMU tickets ! and then waiting to hear from < PROPFEMALE > to watch obsessed and pry eat velveeta shells and cheese with chicken YUM ! 
Is smells like FOOTBALL SEASON !!! GO GREEN !!! still looking for someone to buy my other ticket to the CMU MSU game sept 12th home at noon hit me up 
: Maybe .. You could send this message to those people who mean something to you , to those who have touched your life , to those who can and do make you smile when you really need it , to those who make you see the brighter side of things when you are really down , and to all those whom you want to know that you appreciate them and their friendship . 
: 29 and some odd hours until Great Lakes Illinois ! Scared , excited , scared excited ! wondering how many things i can accomplish or do in that amount of time ! 
: 28 DAYS and some odd hours ! Realizing how hard its gonna be to leave the friends that have put a smile on my face everyday , the ones that I make the best memories with . And my meijer/ 2nd family will ALWAYS be missed too and yes those damn people are growing on me too .. Lots of things to accomplish let's do this !! 
Is waiting for the end of the week ! Friday : all day in detroit and tigers game with my kroger girls ! Saturday : MSU CMU football game with my \sister\ " her friend and my lizard and Saturday Night : Charlottes Finest !! SALOON " 
: got teary eyed today the first in awhile when I sat in the vet office with < PROPFEMALE > as she looked into the eyes of her companion ! I'm here for you < PROPFEMALE > 
Is gonna catch some zzzz's and then tailgating at the MSU CMU game tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !! My weekends from here on out are gonna be crazy !! gotta do it while i can .. GGGGOOOOO STATE ! 
: See their team is WEAKinig WE ARE GONNA WIN THIS GAME ! Going to the game with Lizard , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
: 21 days ... Nervous , Excited lets make the next 21 days the best ! 
Is done cleaning for the day I guess . Now its chill time . 21 days !! 
: Never understands people logic behind somethings .. Such as : Going out when only people with dicks ask , being there for people who havent been there for you , telling people things that you know that person is gonna open their mouth , or just being a part time friend . What are peoples motives behind somethings ? oh well at least im smarter then not to do that .. ::: 21 days ::: 
Is ANGRY < PROPFIRST > has left me outta his life for a few weeks now since the last time we talked ... WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL OF MY LIFE ... arrrggg 
: Day off what to do , what to do ... ::: 20days ::: 
Is gonna go outside and paint and pry sing on the top of my lungs again ! Then who knows what else Ill be doing . :: . 20days . :: . 
Is thinking she might be able to pull off some white streaks in her hair .. Leave it to me to get paint in my hair !!!! ARRGG ! ** 19 DAYS ** 
\She can’t see the way your eyes Light up when you smile She’ll never notice how you stop and stare whenever she walks byAnd you can't see me wanting you the way you want her But you are everything to me \"" 
Is way pumped .. I work Mon-Thurs , thurs being my last day EVER in KROGER LAND and no i didnt get fired either HAHA !!! .. :: 15 days :: .. 
Is studying my 11 general rules and orders since I have 2 weeks ---> 14 days ---> 336 hours ---> 20160 min ---> 1209600 seconds !!! 
After a 4 and a half hour nap Im still tired ... The worse about being sick is not being able to taste anything :( 
Is Going to the pep assembly at 2 , wasting time at the merdian mall at 5 , dinner at mongolian BBQ with friends for my going away party at 630 , HARPERS AT 9 !!! hit me up if youre coming out !! EVERYONES WELCOME ! 11 DAYS !!!! CRAZY 
Is GO GREEN !! Not sweating the small stuff because in 10 days its not gonna matter anyways ! But thanks to those friends who have or will be sticking to my side through all of this !! .. :: Missys wedding :: .. 
Is thinking that 8 days and some odd hours are going to go by SUPER FAST !!! Making the best outta everything ! LETS DO THIS ! 
Is getting nervous , just talked to my recruiter I have to see him tomorrow for my 7 day stuff !!! AAHHHH its getting to be so close !!! 
Is waiting for Wednesday night to get here Im pretty sure im going to Sigma Beta for their first tea ! Waiting for thursday to get here , my MSU U of M tickets come , my replacement phone comes and going to Marlos for pizza . friday for Phi Alphs Party !! saturday for the MSU U of M game . This will be a good end to my last week !! 
: 2 people on a sinking ship your best friend and your bf/gf . who are you gonna save ? Neither , jump on the sinking ship with them because you cant choose and know that your life would be miserable without both of them 
: Laugh your heart out , dance in the rain , < PROPFEMALE > the memories , ignore the pain , love and learn , forget and forgive . because remember you have only one life to live 
Is gonna be busy tomorrow ! Lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , waiting for my tickets and replacement phone , last DEP meeting , then to marlos for dinner .... Only have 5 days left then this kid is outta here !! 
Is gonna be busy tomorrow ! Lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , waiting for my tickets and replacement phone , last DEP meeting , then to marlos for dinner .... Only have 5 days left then this kid is outta here !! YAY TIGGES .... WHOS YOUR TIGER ? <3 
Is going to Red < PROPFIRST > for my LAST lunch date today with < PROPFEMALE > . Last DEP meeting at 4 . And then going to < PROPFEMALE>'s house for dinner ! 4 days til I get posted up in a hotel , for a sleepless night , then to go to MEPS at 9 AM on tuesday to swear in again . Off I go to Great Lakes Illinois Tuesday Morning ! 
s eating lunch with my grandparents today . Then hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > for the last time . PHI < PROPFEMALE > PI PARTY TONIGHT !!!! YYYEEAAAAHHHH ... And way stoked to see Ashtin !! 
GO GREEN !!!!!!! GO WHITE !!!!!!!! 
: Family going away party today ! My birthday is in one month but who cares ill be in boot camp ! 2 days , AHHHHH .... Hope I get to see Kalli Zenker today also !!! 
Is waiting for Kalli Zenker to get here so we can < PROPFEMALE > out for a little bit ! I love being a SPARTAN FAN 
: Last day as a civilian I have a lot on my agenda today !! Gotta make my rounds and say good bye to people :'( oh how i hate this part ! Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Campbell-Graham my last few hours ! <3 
: Just had < PROPFEMALE > Campbell-Graham , my best friend , drop me off at the hotel .. God Im gonna miss her like CRAZY I love you salami head ! And of course everyone else ! Have my phone and my computer til tomorrow morning 
is at boot camp until dec 4th I MISS EVERYONE !!!!! THANKS FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES !! LOVE YOU ALL !!! <3 
Is doing nothing until class .. gotta get through wed-sat . On the road saturday to TENN . 
Is getting excited to be home on sunday !! Riding home with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hein and then eating dinner with Kalli Zenker and then waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Campbell-Graham to get outta work gonna be the best 2 weeks ever ! if you wanna see me you better contact me i think my mom is still planning on having a party at my house ! <3 see you soon . make sure the snow is gone though ! 
Is wondering if anyone is good at selling items on Ebay ? I have somethings that I want to sell . If you can help me out please let me know ! Thanks .... No plans today anyone wanna hangout ? 
Is wondering what her plans are for tomorrow since I havent heard anything back from < PROPFEMALE > Haddad ! 
Is going out to eat sushi with < PROPFEMALE > Haddad yay !!!! Debating about going to the barrel tonight .. Should I ? Should I not ? 
Is glad she got to eat sushi ! On to get my hair done and then out to see some people . Looking forward to monday getting a massage ! 
Is happy I dont have to work in retail this Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !! Louging around all day :) 
