< PROPFEMALE > is taking the GRE right now ! She has been studying like crazy and taking care of < PROPMALE > but for the next 4 hours she will be stuck at a desk taking a test that will determine if she goes on to Grad school this year . Crazy ! 

It's been 5 years since < PROPFEMALE > and I tied the knot , I can't believe it . A two year mission seems forever , but 5 years with < PROPFEMALE > has just flown by . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
It's funny when you buy a house it looks so large and spacious . Then you move in and the rooms shrink as you seem to add more , and more , and more crap ! 
I ate a hot dog today . Then , it tasted so good I ate another one , and another one . Then I ate some chocolate cake < PROPFEMALE > made me pre-empt for our birthday . All of it was super tasty . 
The world is a small place . < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding is coming up in just a few days and I was planning on going because I haven't seen her in years . Then , while I'm working she sees me ! I guess I don't have to go to your wedding now , eh < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I have found that in order for a baby to understand what something sounds like , looks like , feels like or smells like they have to shove it in their mouth . 
Anybody know of a \Think Tank\ " located in Utah ? ( Besides the Sutherland Institute ) " 
I went to change < PROPMALE>'s diaper and it smelled like buttered popcorn , I couldn't believe it so I asked < PROPFEMALE > to take a whif . She agreed , it smelled delishious . Has that ever happened to anybody else ? 
Sometimes when I check on < PROPMALE > when he is sleeping he is on his stomache and his bum is in the air . < PROPFEMALE > says that's normal , is it ? 
I just took the PT test . I did 60 pushups in a minute ( 85%) , 47 situps in a minute ( 60%) , jumped over 24 inches ( 100%) , and did the 1.5 < PROPMALE > in 9:59 ( 85%) . Looks like I will be getting the full bonus points this year ... a whole $50 a month . Every little bit helps . 
< PROPMALE > keeps standing up in his crib but doesn't really know how to get back down so he just falls backwards and hits his head ... sad . Any ideas how to fix that ? 
Would it be better to be a good looking person surrounded by ugly people or an ugly person that hangs out with good looking people . On the one hand if you were the the good looking person then everybody would pay attention to you . On the other hand if you were the ugly person surrounded by good looking people then everybody would be jealous . 
Had a water main break last night at midnight . I got home from work and found out the estimates to fix it were between $3000-$4000 so I decided to do it on my own . Then I realized it was a really big job . Who did I call ? My family and .... the elders quorum . We had the whole thing dug in 3 1/2 hours .... SWEEEET ! Now I just need to fix the leak ! 
Got the water back on to the house . Now for the easy part , refilling the hole we dug . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7e_igiPIUI 
What happens when you put a 9-month old baby down to sleep without pants because you want to keep him cool ? He takes it off when you leave the room and pees everywhere ! 
I opened the door to the garage , walked in and grabbed what I needed and was looking down as I was walking out when .... WHAM ! My head walked right into the garage door that was still hanging down . It totally knocked me off my feet ... and I felt really stupid . I hope no one was watching . 
< PROPFEMALE > just finished with her last final ! Yeah , she will now get her BS in Anthropology and Political Science from the U . Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Yesterday was the greatest day ever , Aug 8th marked the beginning of football season ! 
We just sold our car ... sad . It has been in our family for 5 years . We bought it just after we got married , we had a lot of good times in that car . It was really a great car . I will miss it ... and the gas mileage . We bought a new car but I still pine for the old one because I was so used to it . 
< PROPMALE > has reached the phase where he discovered his little water spout and can't stop touching it . 
Have you ever tried to put a bandaid on a 10-month old finger ? First off he doesn't like people restraining his hand . Second his hand his bleeding . Combine the two and you have a wiggly little boy wiping blood all over the place . Then once the bandaid is on the only thing he can focus on is riping it off ! 
Just had the Chocolate Wall from P F < PROPFIRST>'s my inner chocolate feels good . 
Work as a police officer can sometimes be very dangerous , please remember those that are fighting to keep you safe like the Officer from South < PROPFIRST > who got shot in the femur and the recent death of a Kane County Sheriff 
I am thinking of getting a Master's degree . Can anyone help me understand how much homework or out of class time I should be expecting to do as compared to a bachelor's degree ? 
Who is going to win Utah or TCU your honest opinion no bias . 
< PROPMALE > started walking a bit today on his own , it is amazing to watch him grow and learn . 
I got an A in my first class at the Masters Level Yeah ! 
I got a smallish black eye from playing < PROPMALE > basketball , and they didn't even call a foul on the play . That game is brutal . I have never recieved such a beating at work so I thought I was safe playing < PROPMALE > ball ... I was wrong ! 
I got an A in my second class . Two down ten more to go ! This one was my research design class , lots of writing . Writing was never my strenght so I am glad to get that out of the way . 
Don't feed your kids a fiber granola bar thinking it is the same as a regular granola bar . It makes them poop a lot ... 5 times in two days . Normally its once a day . 
Mission reunion time is here yeah ! 
Everybody from the mission remember to come to the reunion tonight , April 1st at Pres . Baird's house 
