\Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies\ " :D ha ha i love this . " 

is sooo glad she's single right now .... 
is wondering why my phone is a NAZI ... 
has a headache , wants to cry , and still feels amazing close to God . ahh , this is life :) 
How can you be watching everything around you in your life move in motion , be hearing things that arent even said to your face , and be feeling the kind of pain and joy combined that only your own heart could deliver , and have your eyes , ears , and heart cl 
Is tired and has to work today , and deeply wishes it would storm 
is convinced her computer is a NAZI , and is working in collaberation with her cellular . 
wants a pinata of a boy , with a target marked right between the legs , and a big bat . :) heh heh 
is SO thankful for brown cows :P and loves chocolate milk and Psalm 40:28 
loves dark chocolate :) yuummmm . 
is glad she's not diabetic , sugar levels are WAY to high , and is also knee deep in all this mush . anyone catch my drift ? 
Any guys interested in going to a haunted house on halloween ? we have girls going already and are in need of guys ! lol 
ba-da-dap . today is a good day =o ) 
ughh creepos were way worse than normal tonight ! WHY would you hit on a carhop ?? how can a vizor be THAT attractive ? lol 
watching Cake Boss , which is obviously the cool thing to do on a saturday night , and I totally think someone should start a take-out cake business . cake sounds SOOO yummy right now ! :) 
Top Ramen noodles are not nearly as good as Maruchan Ramen noodles ... this baffles me ... 
did anyone else know theres a twilight magazine ? not like , its featured in a magazine , but like it IS the magazine , cover to cover ... obbbbbsesssion much ? 
bout to watch baby mama ... funniest movie EVER ! :) haha 
baking cupcakes .. anybody have a sweet tooth ??? =) 
its funny to me , how sometimes you think you want one thing , but it takes getting the opposite to help you understand how it really wasnt what you wanted at all . =o ) 
thanks to everyone who's wished me a happy birthday ! =) love you guys ! 
is having < PROPFEMALE > vu . why do i feel like ive had this argument before ? multiple times ?? oh wait . i have . ugh ... 
does anyone else think the park by the train station is pretty ? I'd like to take a walk down there at night :) 
hmmm .... i do not like being on this end of things ... grrrr 
\I got college paid for by being a scholarship whore\ " bahaha =D " 
is a total nerd and wants to see avatar SOOO bad ! everyone told me i was a loser , but i just KNOW its gonna be a great movie ! lol 
just made double chocolate chip pancakes =o ) yuuummm ! 
is stressssed ! Grrrr .... i need play-doh . 
stressed , ridiculously so . any advice on student loans , which i loathe so passionately ? 
All better :) grants are absolutely lovely . and even better when you figure out you got one ! 
is now \a cool nun\ " ... haha if i had a nickel for everytime i've been called a nun .... I'm not even catholic ! " 
If you were a < PROPFEMALE > I'd sing you all the time , and if your hands were poetry , I'd memorize every line , and if every look you gave me were a different < PROPFEMALE > or shade of color , I'd learn how to paint you :) - Try by < PROPFEMALE > Edwards 
thinks that people with an IQ of less than 60 should NOT be allowed in college . no matter how much their parents are willing to pay to get them there . 
and since WHEN does an online course need a 17 < PROPFEMALE > syllabus ??? maybe they should save the paper they waste writing pointless parking fines and just print it out and mail everyone a copy . 
fiiiinally got her books in ! I'm pretty sure my biology book weighs about half of what i do . 
Imma straight up cakesta ! 
ohh how ramen sooths my soul :) 
whatever kind of aids infested photo/video/commenting thing is going around like an std will someone PLEASE get it off ? or tell me how to get it off ? :( or stop it or something ! 
ohhh geez . Who else would freak out and rush to turn in a paper and then apologize for it being a day late , only to have her instructor inform her she's a month early ? No one but me I think . 
So not only was I a month early in turning in one of my papers , but today I forgot which class I was supposed to go to , and showed up two hours early . I'd say I'm in desperate need of a planner . < PROPFEMALE > !! ;) 
misses her long hair .... desperately . 
Can anyone explain to me why countless amounts of money and time are spent on weather research and forecasting if NO ONE seems to listen to it ??? 
has lost her phone in the snow , if anyones trying to reach her :( 
Is it sad that I enjoy heartshaped boxes filled with < PROPFEMALE > even though i'm single ? lol i think not . 
I want a baby elephant ... who is nocturnal so I can play with him in the dark :) 
now has a phone again . anyone who has my number , it would be amazing if you could text me with your name please and thank you ! :) 
seriously people . i need phone < PROPFIRST > . I don't want to have to wait forever to get everyones < PROPFIRST > back ! please text me if you already have my number , and include your name ! lol 
anyone up for a bonfire ? ;) bah ha ha ha 
Is in love on valentines day . With whom you ask ? My God . Who is intimately in love with me as well . :) 
just found her phone that was lost in the snow . and it works fine ! 
If you love me for the beauty of my personality , then I'll stay here forever don't you see , if you need me with a hunger with a hope and with a dream , then I'll stay here underneath this < PROPFEMALE > tree . :) 
Grrrrr .... 
College Students : Bible study tomorrow night , at Dr. Sears ' house . be there at 8:30 for an amazing night of worshipping our < PROPMALE > and fellowshipping . EVERYONE is welcome . If you don't know anyone there , then you'll leave with lots of new friends :) If you need directions or more info , just ask . :) 
votes we move the ocean to Denton . 
has had a really not so good , pretty horrible actually , day ... but ya know , I'd rather go through this day ten times than end up in a whale belly ! 
Cheez-it party mix is my jam :) 
has noticed an awful lot of Jesus worshipping on facebook lately ... and LOVES it :) 
Do those sad pet commercials make anyone else tear up ? :( :( :( poor animals !!!! 
would like to leave math class .... now . ugh . 
is eating chocolate animal crackers :) ... oh the joy of coacoa flavored circus animals . haha 
has a new found irritation for new razors . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! but I only wanted to shave my legs ... not grate them into bits . 
is SO confused . < PROPFEMALE > . 
is craving honeysuckle , hurry up summer ! :) 
College age Bible study tonight at Dr. Sear's house in gainesville !! College aged people should definitely come :) 
Hey just letting everyone know there will be a Bible Study this week , at Dr. Sears ' house , as usual , 8:30 pm ! :) It's for College-ish aged students , and we would LOVE to have new faces :) seriously . if you're interested at all , message me or someone and get more info ! :) 
is craving frozen yogurt ... yep .. it's about that time . 
Oh the bittersweet of tuesdays ... I'm thinking it's about that time .. about that time for some frozen yogurt . 
is slightly annoyed at people's inability to use proper grammar . Awareness doesn't need to hyphenated , nor does analysis . 
this is the best tuesday I've had all semester , hands down . 
Cause I'm not easy to understand , but you know me like the back of your hand , I'm your girl and you're my man , and we're makin plans ... cause I know you like the back of my hand , got a heart of gold and a piece of land , I'm your girl and you're my man , and we're makin plans . =) 
has a thing for chocolate easter bunnies , the dark chocolate kind to be exact . :) 
A drop in the ocean , a change in the weather , I was prayin that you and me might end up together , it's like wishin for rain as I stand in the desert , but I'm holding you closer than most , cause you are my heaven . =) 
okay so ... earlier , around 6 I was at a redlight and a guy across from me in a white suburban .. ish vehicle , waved at me like he knew me . I couldnt tell who it was and it's driving me crazy . anyone wanna fess up ? 
Ugh , I now have a gaping hole in my foot , due to some vengeful piece of scrap-metal that stabbed through my flip flop . Okay maybe I'm exaggerating , but I'm still pretty bitter about it . Today bites . < PROPFEMALE > I want my frozen yogurt . now . 
call me old , but special K cereal is my jam . =D 
my back is killing me !... any chiropractors or masseuses in the house ? 
other people's birthdays are so much fun to plan :) 
If you just realize what I just realized , then we'd be perfect for each other and will never find another just realized what I just realized we'd never have to wonder if we missed out on each other now . =) 
needs her back popped badly ... chiropractor please ?? 
can now officially add home-made jam/jelly and fried pies to her list of cooking abilities . haha my \wifey\ " potential better have just went up ! ;) " 
so I found an ironman action figure in my car today , and automatically assumed it was one of the kid's I babysit . and then I remembered , ' oh no wait , this is < PROPFEMALE>'s!!' haha 
Goodness gracious Lord . You are doing some great and mighty things ! Our little group of friends is off to war soon , we're all enlisted in Your army and ready to serve You , God . Thank You Abba Father . Thank You so much . Love You . 
Just registered for classes . SO EXCITED !! =D 
Twinkies : 36 ingredients --- Homemade Twinkies : 7 =D for those who make homemade twinkies haha 
is running away , would anyone care to join ? =) 
College Bible Study Tonight : 8:30 @ The Sears ' House in Gainesville , everyone is welcome and invited ! if you need directions or have questions text me ! ( 940 ) 641-0636 
Oh how Yann Tiersen soothes my soul =) such lovely compositions . Beguiling . 
poooor < PROPFEMALE > . Poor thing's probably so traumatized . She's gonna be scarred . literally . =( 
Has anyone seen < PROPFEMALE > ? I'd like to borrow her slippers ... 
Thank you to the secret stranger who put flowers on my car this morning . Wish you would have signed the card ! =) 
5 reasons to love a townhouse full of girls ' clothes . 1 . casual sexy 2 . country bumpkin , 3 . thrift store chic 4 . glamorous prep 5 . captain fashion . 
quote of the day \[some guys are like ] you flirted with me like two days ago .... so should we date ? \"- Katie < PROPFEMALE >." 
wants to have a girls only pinata party with a strategically placed target symbol a steel bat . =) 
