I went to Lagoon yesterday and had tons of fun , but today I have a Not so fun sunburn ... ;) 

Happy Fathers Day to all you Great Daddy's out there ... ;) 
I just finished weeding half my garden and replanting the carrotts ... 
I am suppose to be weeding the other half of my garden today ... but I think I will wait for it to be a bit cooler out .. :) 
Is already for the gym class ..... :) 
Is cleaning up the house for girls night !!! I am so excited !! 
Was woke up because some punk kids were trying to get into our car .. the alarm went off and I got up .. waited about 6 minutes looking out my window and caught them going for my car .. called the police but they got away .. dang kids .. :( 
may actually make it on time to church ... heheheh .. :) 
Must be crazy to be staying up late again !!!!... 
Finished canning 15 jars of cherries and now I am making 3 < PROPFEMALE > pies and freezing them .. lots of work but satisfying .... :) 
We are back !!!... Now I need a nap ... :) 
Watching Harpers Island .... I should be in bed ! 
Just got back from a job interview ... I find out tomorrow !! 
.... well its almost time to go to work again .. its only my second day !! 
I need to leave here in 15 more minutes ... not fun ! 
Yay I made it through another day ... :) 
Just got back from church ... it was weird not having the older two children with us today .. I miss them and can't wait to seem them in another two weeks ... :) 
< PROPMALE > is at school taking a math test .. Delton is watching Curious < PROPFIRST > , and I am thinking I should go to bed right now ... Today was a long day at work .. and I get to do it all over again tomorrow .. :) 
I am awake , but I could use another hour of sleep ... :) 
well just got done watching a movie about some haunting ... Jared is fascinated with ghost stories ... me not so much !!! I don't think I will watch any more of those movies .. they scare me too bad .. :) 
Today is my 11th Anniversary ..... we were telling our son , Delton , that he gets to go out with us on our anniversary and he asked \what's that ? \ " and we said \ " we have been married for 11 years\ " ... he says \ " does that mean today your not married anymore ? \ " .. Kid " 
Watched < PROPMALE > Potter the Half Blood Prince ... It was pretty good , too bad Delton needed a bathroom break when there was only 5 minutes left .. Poor < PROPMALE > missed it !... 
I had my pilates class last night ... and woke up sore !!.. I don't have to go to work until 1 p.m. so I tried to sleep in ... didn't work ... LOL !!! Just three more days until I get to see my children ... :) 
I am getting ready for work and packing for our trip to Idaho this weekend ... I am < PROPFEMALE > looking forward to seeing my wonderful children ... :) Going to work , not so much !!! LOL 
WOW !! The weekend went by way to fast for my liking ..... LOL 
Had a good day at work and now is going to the < PROPFEMALE > with some good friends .... :) 
Going to the store to do some shopping with hubby ... then have to to be to work .. :) 
I am so happy that it is the weekend .... YEAH !!!! 
had a good day .... our nephew < PROPMALE > was baptised this morning ... had a family lunch at the park ... visited with family at home and had root beer floats .... and now we may go on a drive or something .. :) 
Just returned from a family reunion to a lot of wonderful suprises !!! Thanks to all of you for the Birthday wishes ... I had a really good birthday ... :) 
Today was a good day !! My boss wasn't there and I went to the < PROPFEMALE > with my good chicas ... : 0 ) it was very pleasent 
Its Friday again !!!... Seriously this week went bye bye pretty quick !.. :) Have a good weekend everyone ... :) 
Yeah I woke up to some nice rain !!! It's just what we needed over here in Tooele .... My children are all so excited to go to school tomorrow . They both have their clothes picked out and their new lunch boxes are sitting on the counter waiting to be filled tomorrow .... It is going to be a great year !! They will both do awsome I am sure of it .. :) I will miss them even more ... :) 
Well the kids made it to their classrooms and are all ready for their first day ... I don't get to hear about it until I get off work , which isn't too much longer after their return ... Then < PROPMALE > will go to his first day of his fall semester too !!! It's school for everyone today .. :) 
Well the verdicts are in ... Morgan had a good day but wished she had new kids in her class ... Caden had a good day , but didn't make any friends ... So they are all done with the excitement ... those two will make lots of friends in no time I am sure ... :) < PROPMALE > is in his Math class right now , I hope this teacher is a better one ... :) I am home thinking \what's for dinner ? \"" 
I wonder what is the fascination with chocolate M&M'S and popcorn lateley ???.. I just love the stuff ... :) plus its more fun to watch tv at home with this tasty treat ... :) 
Hmmm what should we do for FHE ???... 
Yummy ! < PROPMALE > made us omlets and sausage links for breakfast !!!... 
Oh man !!! I can feel this cold coming on and I don't want it ... I am not aloud to have sick days at work yet ... :( 
Yeah I already helped get the kitchen , dining room , living room , boys room , my bedroom , and the hall all cleaned up this morning ... I even threw in a load of laundry and now I have sometime to go to the store and do some grocery shopping ... Then its off to work at 1 and off at 8 ... then I think I will go to the gym to work out ... Its a busy day that is for sure ... :) 
Gettting ready to go to church this < PROPFEMALE > morning .... Then coming home to make a turkey roast and < PROPFEMALE > pie for lunch ... :) 
All men have a sweetness in their life . That is what helps them go on . It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out . 
Goodnight see you all tomorrow !!!... 
Thanks Em and < PROPMALE > for the great fun last night ... playing games and laughing was great medicine ... :) 
I better get ready for work and head out .... I am glad it's one of my short days !... :) 
Had a great time with Em , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > at the Sostanza restraunt .... It was a blast .. We should do it again sometime ... :) 
Had a not so fun day at work !!... But the upside is that it's friday ... :) 
Saturday is my favorite day because I get to spend it with < PROPMALE > and our children ... :) I hope that everyone is having a good weekend .. :) 
I am so happy to say that today at work was fun ... but that is probably due to the fact that my boss is on vacation .. :) 
Today was a bit long .... but glad to be home and soon asleep ... :) 
Yeah today is Friday !! We are going to have a ball ... :) 
I have a meeting this morning with Caden's teacher .... I hope this goes well ... :) 
I had an awsome night out with some of my best friends .... We had a great time going to the confrence center and watching General Relief Society Meeting .... I loved being in the same room as the prophet and my dear friends ... then out to dinner we went .... It was good ! 
Well it's time to face the firing squad this morning ... I hope it all goes well , or this is going to be beyond an interesting day ... 
I had a really good day at work today and I am going to the < PROPFEMALE > tonight with a good friend ... Plus I only have to work 2 hours tomorrow .. this is going to be awsome .. :) 
Had a great day taking the kids swimming then to mcdonalds just to go to do some grocery shopping now we are cleaning up for a family movie ... Too bad that it's not Friday today , because I Really want to stay home tomorrow and keep having a great time with my kids !.. :) 
Yeah its General Confrence ... this should be a nice relaxing weekend with my family ... :) 
I had another great day listening to confrence and having some friends over for lunch ... it really makes for a great weekend ... :) Too bad the reality will hit tomorrow , but it could be a good week again !!!... :) 
today is going to be a tough day with Caden he's throwing a temper tantrum already ... well hopefully it gets better for him ... :) 
I am so greatful that it's friday ... I am looking forward to the weekend without all the tension .. :) my boss really needs to chillax more .. 
I have a bunch of apples to can before they spoil and I better get to it !.. My little kids are helping with house chores so that is a bonus ! What a blessing my family is to me !!! :) 
< PROPMALE > is at school and the kids are playing outside ... so I should get a few things picked up so I can go to the gym when < PROPMALE > gets back ... :) 
It was nice waking up to the rain ... I really love the rain ... :) 
Yeah today I am going to the < PROPFEMALE > after work !!... :) 
ooops !! I forgot about the primary program practice this morning ... I was up late with my two sister in laws and friend making costumes for halloween ... now I am awake and getting ready to go to the gym , then a carnival , and then more fun !!!... :) 
Got home from the movies and found Caden not feeling very well ... He threw up everywhere in the kitchen and has a temp of 100.9 degrees ... I hope this isn't anything serious ... That means no church for any of us ... and its the primary program ... :( 
Tonight is the Trunk-or-Treat < PROPMALE > Party .... Oh and it snowed last night , so there is a little blanket of snow everywhere ... :) 
Tonight is a good night to have Halloween , we get an extra hour to let the kids wind down ... lol Happy Halloween to you all ... :) 
I was offered a Managment postition yesterday .... now I have to decide if I want it ... :) 
.... I love looking out my window and seeing all the pretty fall colors ... I wish I could stay home all day !!.. 
where are all the chocolate fairies when you need them ?... LOL I am out of chocolate how can that be ?... ;) 
being sick seems to be fashionable these days ... So I joined the crowd , I really don't enjoy sinus infections ... :( 
Well there goes our Suburban ... Some kid drove his truck into the passenger side and crushed in both doors ... now what ? 
Today I am feeling a little better ... :) 
I feel good now if my voice could just make me sound healthy I would be back in buisness ... :) 
I am off to go exercise with my good friend Emily ... See ya soon chicka !!! 
I go in early today ... I guess not too early considering 8:30 isn't all that early .. :) I am greatful to have a job so no complaining here ... :) 
I have a three day weekend ... Wow I wasn't planning on having so much time ... what should I do today ?... LOL 
I want to see New < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ... :) 
I am so excited I am going to NEW < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... :) 
I had such a good time watching NEW < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
... is there a target on our street ?.. We had some eighteen year old totaled our suburban last saturday and tonight an eighteen year old hit into the back of our Pacifica , that was parked on the street next to our home ... We have officially decide that parking on the street is a hazard to our vehicles ... and we should stay clear of 18 year olds .. :) 
Today went by pretty quick ... tomorrow I am working or 10 hours , but it should go fast too !.. :) 
Hello everyone ... if you get a video from me do not open it ... its a virus that somehow got sent to me ... 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!! 
Thinks that a Turkey Coma sounds about right ... 
... Back to work this morning ... I am so happy that we still open at 9:00 a . m .... gives me some more time to work of the Turkey Coma ... LOL ... I hope you all had a wonderful day yesterday and that you have a great weekend ... :) 
Just returned from a friends ward ... Emily you did a great job on your talk .. I loved it !!!! Now I am off to go teach my primary kids .. then coming home to eat left overs and then I think relaxing sounds great .... 
We just found out that our family dog of 14 years had a stroke this weekend .... she is expected to have many more strokes ... so we have her on a medication to help her .. if she doesn't respond to the medication we will have to put her to rest ... It's really sad !! :( 
I think that if we didn't have something going on every week we'd be bored ... Now are stupid furnace is down , and we are cold .. :( ... but we have a space heater and a gas fireplace that will help somewhat .. :) 
I don't have to go to work until 4:30 .. but I have a job interview , or a test I guess to take today at 9:00 ... cross your fingers !!!... :) 
Its a beautiful day ... the snow is falling , christmas music is playing , and I have my family to share it with ... :) 
This is going to be another great day ... After church we are having friends over for dinner , then we are going to make gingerbread houses .. :) 
Finally the kids are in bed and I am off to dreamland ... :) It's going to be great sleeping ... ;) 
My kids are looking forward to a christmas party tonight ... :) and I am thinking I hope the roads are not icey tonight .. :) 
I have my second interview tomorrow , so maybe I will get this new job ... :) It would be nice to be home soon after the kids get home from school .. :) 
Snow , family , friends , good music , its all so comforting ... :) 
Today is a short day at work ... this is good .. :) 
We did a little christmas shopping tonight , but we still have a bit more to do .. :) 
My kids are so excited ... Daddy just brought them home a new little doggie .. her name is Gizzie !! She is part dachshund/chihuahua .. she seems really nice .. :) 
... It's getting pretty exciting around here .. the kids are so excited about christmas this weekend .. :) 
Oh yeah !!! Monday's over and now it's down to three days before we are \Home for the Holidays\ " ... :) " 
The countdown continues ... Yippie to Tuesday being over , now I just need to make through two more days ... :) It also snowed all day and it's been pretty foggy , so it's beginning to look alot like christmas ... get out the sleds ladies its girls night out .. :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas EVERYONE1 !!! 
There is sooo much snow outside I think that sledding with the kids would be fun !! 
Wow I need to update my status .. :) I hope you all had a wonderful New Years and that this year is great for all of you .. Tomorrow is my first week as Manager for the new store .. I am excited ... :) 
.........?!?!?!!? 
Needs to get ready for the day and get the house cleaned ... or maybe I could just be lazy .. :) 
Waking up with an ear infection really takes the fun out the day ... 
Yeah I did my workout this morning and plan on doing them in the mornings from here on out .... then I will have more family time after work ... :) Too bad work doesn't start at 10 , so I could get up at 7 to workout ... LOL .. No actually I am feeling pretty darn good ... :) 
What happened to this week ?... Where did it go ? I am happy to be home with my family ... :) and I don't have to go to bed early ... :) 
We just got back from dinner and a movie with the whole family .. what a pleasure it is being together .. :) 
Today we had an interview with the bishop and caden ... he is so excited to get baptized in two weeks . Then I made popcorn balls for the kids while they wait for dinner ... and I think I ate a little too much popcorn .. :) 
This morning Caden seems to be sleeping much better .... I hope that he is better by Friday so he won't have to be admitted to the hospital . 
I am so relieved that this is the last working day ... i am ready for a break !!! Doing the legals at work has really melted my brain this week ... It will be nice when I get it all figured out ... Have a great weekend everybody 
Let me see there is so much to do today and so little time ... I guess I better get going ... :) 
Yes ! I got some new curtains today .... :) 
... thinks that chocolate sounds good !!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO CADEN , HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU , HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR MR . CADEN , HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU ..... My little boy is now a offically eight years old ... I hope you have a great day and know just how lucky and blessed we are to have you in our family .. love ya son !! 
Crazy ? I was crazy once ! They put me in a room with RATS ! RATS they make me CRAZY !.. Crazy ?!? I was crazy once ! They put me in a room with RATS ! RATS they make me CRAZY !!!.... Yes I am nutty !! 
Well it's been a busy morning already ... exercise is done , a load of laundry is done , theater room cleaned , boys room cleaned , breakfast made and ate , and all kids ready for school , now I need to finish getting ready for work and still make lunches ... phew !!! Then I have a 11 hour day ... but I am feeling great !!! 
... Sleepy , sleepy off to bed ... :) 
Time to get up , and out of bed !! I am not really sure that I even really got any sleep .. does waking up every hour , count as sleep ?.. Oh ! well I feel rested ! 
Okay just two more days before the weekend .... I really need a break !!!... LOL I think that i have spent 10 hours or more a day at the office trying to get ready for month end reports and new legal filings ... It's going to be awsome when I get faster at working so I can come home earlier ... :) 
Yawn !!!! It's contagious ... ;) 
Thanks for working out with me this morning Em !! Your awsome .. :) ..... Now that the dishes are done and kids fed and scriptures read .... I guess I better finish getting lunches done and get out the door ... Have a nice day everyone !!! 
Tonight We have family coming for Caden's baptism ... Wow ! I can't believe this month is already gone ... 
Today is the big day for Caden ...... Now I must get his cake done and get ready and out the door ... :) 
I feel tired today !! I think that a nap after church is a good idea ... :) 
... Life is good , even if it's not perfect ! 
I am going to watch Post Grad tonight ... Then I am going to bed ... 
Okay I made it to the gym ... :) and It's Friday ... 
It's really heartbreaking when your child feels sad at school because of what other kids say to them .. 
... is off to see what can be accomplished today !!! 
Another morning spent at the gym .... and now I must be off to the races !! 
Today was a long day ... Looking so forward to sleep .. :) 
It is going to be a good day !!! 
I am glad I made it to the gym this morning .... Now I only have two work days left to go , then its the weekend again ... I love weekends .. :) 
I am so glad that it's FRIDAY !!!! :) 
Okay so Delton is almost better from his strep throat , and now Caden is getting sick ... Poor little things .. It's just something that they do every winter ... I have high hopes of them being healthier when they are teenagers ?!?!? :) 
I just want to wish you all a HAPPY VALENTINES DAY !!! I hope you get a < PROPMALE > to let those special people in your life know how much you love them ... :) 
Thinks that I need to go to bed earlier .. :) 
It's < PROPFEMALE > hard to get up at 5 in the morning and go to the gym , but I do feel so much better throughout the day .. 
........... It's time to go shoot some deer , bears , cats , and ducks on the WII .. :) 
It's snowing a bit , but that is okay , I just wish it wasn't so cold ... 
Family went swimming last night for FHE we had an awsome time !!! :) 
Yesterday was very nice ..... I went to the Salt Lake < PROPFEMALE > with my best friend and her husband then out to dinner and of course we had to stop for some yummy cookies at the Kodiak Bakery ... :) Life is great !!! 
A long day ahead , with an 11 hour shift , but I think it still could be a good day !!... :) 
I had a happy suprise this morning ... I actually got a fax from Home Office , and I guess my loaning store is number one for new loans and best collections for the state of utah ... Yeehaww !!!.. 
getting ready for church day ... :) 
good morning everyone !! 
I sure hope that this darn cold goes away before work on monday ... :) 
feeling a little sicker tonight , but that could mean I will be much better tomorrow .. :) 
woke up to plumbing problems in our basement again !!! I am begining to think that we may need to figure out another course of action to keep this from happening all the time ... Like maybe getting locks on the toliets so the boys don't flush things down there ... that will help with the flooding but then who knows what they would do when they actually needed to use them ?!?!? 
life is life ... :) 
It's so quiet when the kids are in bed ... I love being in my front living room and starring out the window down onto the city lights ... :) 
watched new < PROPFEMALE > with the family last night ... itwas fun .... today having friends over for dinner and we are putting a puzzle together ... :) 
wow its late and still need to make dinner ... lol 
is happy to know friday is just around the corner ..... :) 
this wind is really loud I sure hope it goes away soon .. 
Yeah today is a new day !!!!.... 
holy snow batman !!!... 
.. nothing special ! 
listening to confrence ... 
it started out < PROPFEMALE > then it started to rain then it started to hail and now its snowing .... I think that the weather is a little confused today ... :) 
friday !!!!... need I say more ? 
a little spring cleaning ... :) 
well i have half the house cleaned ... I still have floors to clean and a couple of loads of laundry .... but it should not take long ... :) 
my voice is still not that great , but I am confident that it will be sometime in the future ... :) ... at least you can hear me a bit better today ... :) 
I wish it was friday ... I like weekends .. :) 
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY ..... ITS FRIDAY !!!! NO more work for two days ... :) 
I did it !!! For the first time since 2nd grade I had my hair cut above my shoulders . :) 
Okay so I made it to the gym this morning and now I need to go get some laundry done , make breakfast , and get ready for work .... I think that I am already tired !!... LOL 
This weather is nutty !!! It was all < PROPFEMALE > yesterday and now its snowing this morning ... which reminds me that the heat is off at work ... oh oh a cold office is not a happy warm one ... :) 
I wonder is ice cream a good idea in the morning ?... Delton thinks so !.. :) 
< PROPFIRST > has another softball game this evening ... so its off to the ole ' ball game ! 
It's crazy that I am still awake and I have to work in the morning .. :) I think that it's a good thing that it's Friday .. :) 
It's going to be an interesting weekend ... The boys have their father and sons campout , < PROPFIRST>'s best friend is having a sleep over birthday party , and me ... hmmm ?!?! 
Today is my youngest's birthday ... we are having cupcakes to celebrate ... but he is having his party on Saturday at 1:00 .. :) Happy Birthday to you Delton ... :) 
< PROPMALE > and I took the boys to the high school track for some walking and running ... now I am tired but I just have to watch Buffy ... lol 
Went to the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... it was very nice !!.. :) 
Went Geocaching yesterday it was fun .. even if it was raining ... LOL 
Twilight was fun ... now I must go to work after going to bed at 2:45 in the morning ... :) Yes I love to punish myself .. :) 
Good Morning Everyone !!.. of course by the time I get back on here it will be evening ... :) Hope you are all doing great !! 
The Weekend is here .... Yeah !!!! 
< PROPMALE > and I have been married 12 years tomorrow !! So Happy Anniversary < PROPMALE > ... :) I love you !! 
Yeah ! I had a great time at the < PROPFEMALE > and looking into starting school soon ! 
Happy Pioneer Day !!! 
My oldest turned 11 years old yesterday ... She's growing up so fast ... :) 
I am going to make a 3-d castle cake tonight ... since we are celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s birthday tomorrow ... This should be interesting ... :) 
Hmmm ... I think that chocolate chip cookies sound good ... I wonder who will make some ??... 
Yeah I get to see my family tonight ... they are coming back from a short vacation in Idaho , and to suprise my kids its going to be chocolate chip cookies ... :) 
Thanks for all the birtdhay wishes !!! I had a fantastic day !... :) 
Thinking to self that I really need to work on getting to bed earlier ... :) 
Had a nice time with the girls last night ... we had yummy treats from Sostanza and played a little Twilight Scene it .. :) Thanks for the birthday night out ... :) 
Good morning ... We are off to pick up bountiful baskets this morning ... then we will go to the gym for an hour ... :) 
..... :) 
The kids had a great first day of school , and they are all excited to go back today ... :) 
... just finished reading New < PROPFEMALE > again ... :) 
Off to another week of work .... :) 
Well this week is more than half over , so it's like pre-weekend celebrating .. :) 
... Poor little Delton .. he has five fresh stitches on the right side of his forehead ... :( 
... blah ... 
:) 
..... going to watch a scary movie with my Jared .. and we even are going to have a popcorn snack ... :) 
Starting a new week off .... and I think that I would just rather go back to bed !!!.... Not ready for another week ... 
Life is good even if not perfect ... :) 
... :) tomorrow is Friday !! 
Yeah !! Just another day and then < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > will be here ... :) 
This is going to be a good day .... especially knowing that the kids are wired for costumes , trick or treating , and a party ... :) 
Tomorrow I get to see my baby sista ... :) 
.. brb .. kids need something 
..... please excuse the noise and mess my kids are making happy memories ... :) this is my motto for the day !!! 
Today is still the weekend .. :) No work tomorrow either ... :) that is something to be greatful for ! 
..... Sleepy sleepy off to bed .... Turn off the light ... Head on pillow .... Another week to go ... :) 
FHE ... What will it be ?... Hmmm ... 
I think I better go to bed now ... :) 
... Outside is very white ... my kids are wanting to get out the christmas lights and decorations , but I told them that we need to celebrate Thanksgiving first ... :) They are so excited for Christmas .. :) 
Two days of being sick ... I am looking forward to feeling better tomorrow ... :) After all Thanksgiving is soon !! 
There seems to be a surplus of snow today .. :) I know that my kiddos are going to want to play in it all day ... :) 
.... I sure hope that work goes by fast tomorrow ... Thursdays are always sooo long .. 
I love working out at the gym with Jared ... Its nice spending time together even if we are both trying to stay healthy .. :) 
Going to church then coming home and having over our friends for a turkey dinner ... :) 
Yeah it's Monday !?!? 
Tuesday ..... It's usually a very long working day ... but here's hoping its a day that just buzzes on by ... :) 
It snowed !!! 
Last night Caden earned his Bobcat in scouts ... he was so excited and he had a great time ... :) 
The kids ordered snow for christmas , looks like they are getting their wish ... :) 
Just two more days until all the fun begins .... I think my kids heads are about to explode ... :) 
Wishing everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... May these two days be safe , happy , and extrodinary for you all ... :) 
Tomorrow is the last day of 2010 .. And I am sure you all were very aware of that ... :) 
.... :) 
Yeah my favorite working day .... It's usually busy and goes by fast ... :) 
Another night out to the gym ... :) then off to bed again ... 
Yeah its Tuesday ... I survied Monday ... :) 
Ready for bed .... 
Sometimes I feel like a teenager all over again ... waiting on fridays to get away from work ... :) 
I think I will go watch Eclipse or maybe scrapbook !?!? 
I just found out tonight that I work with my cousin ...... our grandmothers are sisters ... :) what a small world ... 
I think that I will attempt to join in with the other super moms around here and get lots done today ... even though I would rather just go play ... :) 
... Its going to be a good day !!... :) 
Just finished with Bountiful baskets this morning and Caden's birthday party ... So happy that a couple of his class mates came ... it really made ihis day to have his cousins and friends here ... :) 
< PROPMALE > has a talk today in Sacrament Meeting ... So I guess i should get the kids ready so we are not late today .... :) 
Just finished working out at the gym ... now getting ready for bed ! 
... Off to another day of Adventure ... what will it bring ?... :) 
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! UUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGHHHHH !! 
loving the weekend .... :) 
Staying home this Sunday with three kids who are getting some nasty colds ... Hope that that's all it is .... 
What a long day .... 
Happy Valentines Day .... :) 
.... need more time tonight .... 
Spending time with my family and friends just makes life that much better ! 
Just had the best FHE ever !!! :) 
Made blueberry muffins and malto meal for dinner ... * wsome 
What a great diet plan ! Just pay 3.15 per gallon of gas and there is no extra money left over for snacks ... Thanks oil companies for keeping < PROPFEMALE > healthy ... 
I think I am homesick tonight .. :) 
Getting up and ready for another Bountiful Basket C o-o p Day !!!... Hopefully the snow won't be a problem for our truck and that we good some great volunteers ... The past few times its been so nice !! I love being part of the whole thing ... :) 
... Thinking that I need new sinuses today ... :( 
Hmmmm . I guess I need to get ready for work ... Oh ! like now ... 
Our long time family pet , Dustie was put to sleep today ... feeling sad ... :( 
Going to Big Judds for the first time in years ... kids are excited for the giant burger . 
I think that noodles sound good ... I wish that we had noodles right now ... 
Happy st pattricks day .. My children informed me that\you have to wear green so nobody pinches ya\ " ... :) " 
