Facebook is too much work . x_x 

I would like to stop time and be with you tonight . You know that my heart still goes out to you , right ? [ Every time . ] 
Voldemort would be my homeboy . 
is fiercely and fervently determined . 
believes that FML > GMH . 
can't even look at older pictures of Gram without crying . 
now has all of the All-Region and Show music for band this year on her iPod . :D 
is in disbelief . 
didn't see that coming ... how irritating . 
would be enthralled to play the iPhone app \Baby Shaker\ " . :D " 
is pretty sure that blackberry jelly would taste splendid on a Krabby < PROPFEMALE > . 
' s best friend is HOME . :D 
cringes everytime she looks in the mirror because her hair is so bright now . 
is growing weary of hair dye . 
is listening to Gym Class Heroes with her best friend . 
loves checking the mail barefoot ; also wonders why she the card she recieved says she's been nominated for some academic excellence thingy ... they are obviously not up-to-date with her grades . 
made a fool of herself at the gas pump . >_< 
is going to St. < PROPFIRST > tomorrow , thank goodness . <3 
is going to the fireworks with her lovely , ' Llizbeff . 
is getting driven shitballs crazy by her mother . D:< 
is particularly fond of going places barefoot . 
has been better . 
will miss Gram . <3 
has a ridiculous headache . 
is doing everything from this point on to make Gram proud . <3 
has cold feet ... really . They're like ice sicles . 
is hoping that her surprise will work out . 
has no idea that < PROPFEMALE > Ferris plays both the Trunchble [ on Matilda ] AND Aunt < PROPFEMALE > [ Harry Potter III ] . :o ! 
Visiting a graveyard alone , surrounded by pouring rain , constantly rolling thunder , and hectic flashes of lightening ... pretty eerie ; driving home in it ... petrifying . 
I will not join the status bandwagon fully . If you want to know what i think about you or thought about you , just ask , homez . It's not a big deal . I'll be brutally honest . 
doesn't enjoy confrontations , which she seems to be getting a lot of today . It leaves her shaken and wondering why people can't just let things be . 
would very much like to get some rest . 
dislikes when people show up unnanounced at her house . 
is unsure . 
wants chokolat cake . 
feels the absence pulling with each breath ; a longing feeling . 
feels the absence with each breath ; a longing feeling . 
That wasn't right . 
is really ecstatic . 
letters to nowhere . 
Sweetums and Marching Band in one day ? I'm invincible ! :D 
is grateful to be tired from band practice = too tired to think . 
is grateful to be too tired to think from band practice . 
barged in on Miss CharleyDrew in the shower bearing Taco < PROPFEMALE > as a gift . ( : 
is freaking exhausted from band practice ... in a good way . 
Let it be known that the trumpet section has the most ballin ' section leaders of all time . 
' s sleepy self is walking on air with her head in the clouds . <3 
solo . 
Things that make me very happy today : < PROPMALE > & Garfunkel . My grandpa . Trumpet section . <3 
loves < PROPFEMALE > GREENWAAAAY . 
ANTM . woot . 
SCREW the '' International < PROPFEMALE > Registry '' . 
has been playing guitar in the bathtub ( surprisingly great acoustics ) , in the candle light , to help cope with heavy disappointment . 
These are the things that i only tell you : We can do it . You are special to me in ways that i don't want anyone else to be . 
You are stupid . 
would speak in metaphors that no one could understand if her mind wasn't numbly buzzing . 
isn't happy . 
< PROPFEMALE > Burr deserves to be mentioned in this status because she always makes my day better , no matter what . And she is my bestest friend . AND SHE MADE CHOKOLAT CHIP PANCAKES THIS MORNING IN MY HONOR . And i had no idea . [: 
I miss my grandmother and i miss my girlfriend . 
i wish i was the kind of person to hide from my problems . 
\Hang on Sloopy . \ " [: " 
Well ... i no longer feel like anything . 
will self-destruct shortly . 
isn't doing so well . 
kittens make everything bearable . ^-^ 
breathing practice ; does not want tomorrow to come . 
Some people simply deserve to be punched in the face . 
testing the strong ones . 
has no idea what she is going to do to occupy her time , yet it shall not be discovered on Facebook . 
section of the weeeeeek . :D 
becka 
whoops . 
had a blast with those band kids . ( : 
The memory of you is toxic on my mind . 
is thinking very threatening thoughts . 
The Real Dream of Sails . 
I'm sick of the same people , forming the same kind of bands , playing the same type of tasteless chords . What happened to real music ? 
Dear Dictionary.com, please stop your flashy little \Did you know ? \ " ads from appearing just below the search box because then i have to click them and find out what i did not know ... most recently of which happened to be what the \ " h\ " in ADHD stands for - how ironic . " 
misses her so much . 
does her real blogging on a less-public site . 
is starting to go downhill . 
got ink'ed . 
Anybody with Mrs. Kennedy for Transitions : Was the homework on Friday only the worksheet with the two graphs ? 
And at the end of the day , there is still no promise of the future . 
Lovely girl , i'll follow you around the world . 
is ready to do this parade . Woot . 
loves her grandma . 
don't believe the things i've written ; trust the courage it took for me to speak it . 
Some people don't have enough intelligence to be making quotes about life . We all now you're going to end up drugged over in a ditch , anyhow . 
Some\ 
people don't have enough intelligence to be making quotes about life . \ 
We all Know you're going to end up drugged over in a ditch , anyhow . You have no decency . 
down . 
should start managing her time . 
Hat Night . // Sectionals . // Have to practice hard in order not to give up the < PROPFEMALE > Cup ! 
is having a glorious day . 
I'm scared . I still love you so much . 
is dead tired . 
I love dancing to rap in the vehicle with my mom . :D 
Trumpets of the ' 10-'11 MHHSBB : Check the < PROPFEMALE > for some informative postage . 
drown out these thoughts ... please . 
would be immensely joyous if there was such an item as an '' Automatic Shower '' button . So tired ... 
Eyes on the prize . 
Goodbye , < PROPFEMALE > Cup . 
it's all gone . 
human alchemy is often what we try to undergo , yet it does not change what lays beneath the surface . 
is a fevrently devastated and determined trumpeteer . 
is a fevrently devastated , enraged , and determined trumpeteer . 
To Oktobre 12th , please cease to exist . 
Stupid YouTube kid . 
Band members : Is there anyone wanting to go from bus 1 to bus 2 ? Or perhaps two people wanting to get from bus 2 to bus 1 ? Or even two people wanting from bus 3 to bus 2 ? Please comment below . 
Pappyland . 
is lost in the memories of this road . 
solar surfing is wearing me out . 
'' Revolution & Triumph '' . Trumpet Sectional . Huzzah . 
misses her love . 
is listening to Caytee Mosel being exteremely animated while playing Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . 
carved a jack-o-lantern , and is eating pumpkins seeds for the first time while watching a show focused on cheese . 
misplaced her iPod somewhere in the three and a half seconds moving from the backseat to the front seat of her car this morning ... and still hasn't found it . 
should definitely be reading Grapes of Wrath instead of eating crackers , glub-glubbing songs , and playing < PROPFIRST > . 
why do you have to be the cutest person on earth ? >_< 
' s footsies are cold ; All-Region Choir Tryouts + Arkansas Open Band Competition . 
keep it together , kid . 
I miss you and i wish you could be there tonight . This one's for you . 
is emotionless . 
It rained dead , bloody babies in my dream last night . 
dream a little dream . 
recall the feeling . 
had every intention of reading 1/2 chapters of The Grapes of Wrath ... that is , until she discovered that < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model is on ; now it's quality but t-t o-couch bonding time . 
would rather just have her grandma back . 
would have never been ready for the departure . 
is going to have a nice day . 
Is anyone else going to the < PROPMALE > Potter Marathon + Midnight Premier at Village 5 next week ? 
Strike out the fear embedded in the mind . 
Nothing can ever stay the same . 
a mind's reclusive . 
ist nicht gut . 
will probably get lonely after a while and visit her mom on lunch break . < : l 
too bad it's not all a dream . 
is sitting with her dog on a bench , willing the wind to whisp her away in the million broken pieces she has now become . 
this is ripping me apart . 
couldn't make it out of bed today . 
needs company , perhaps an asprin , and something delightful to drink . 
is particularly fond of how afly and crazy her hair looks at the moment . 
Everything that i do , i do in thinking of you . 
I found the remains of one of the destroyed tiki umbrellas from our first ever conversation , a little less than a month shy of two years ago . 
triple-wished . 
has been reduced to watching this year's show because she has unsuccessfully been scouting out decent college marching bands , but has been spoiled with Mountain Home's standards . 
is not at peace . 
my text-message reply rate is 55% and dropping . 
the world should end as a better alternative . 
is unbelievably distraught . 
hold this in high regards . 
isn't . 
is scoping the UMD . 
the poetry of these dreams create the only sense in this world of mine . 
if i make it through this , it will be my most remarkable feat . 
There's nothing like moving out of your house . < : l 
happens to be incredibly worn out . 
it's days like these when we rule the world . 
take the consequences without a sound . 
is tenderly grateful for the fond memories . <3 
the warmth on your cheek is a promise made , sealed by my lips , and kept in our hearts . 
Sometimes it's almost unbearable to think that we'll never be able to do our favorite things together again . I miss you so much , Gram . 
just made her sister an explosion of a wrap . :D 
does not feel well , and is in the mood to watch certain movies and read particular books . 
:/ 
Oh , Christmas Break , how i adore you . 
is a new fan of I Am < PROPFIRST > . This is what real music sounds like . Admiration . 
I had a terrible dream about marching band last night . We were doing a final half-time show after < PROPMALE > , and i was late . I forgot my spats , and my jacket was unzipped . Not to mention , we hadn't practiced in a while .. so it was terrible . I kept messing up the formations , too . So by set ten , i had already walked off the field , completely frustrated with myself . 
I can't sleep . I miss you too much . My face kinda hurts from being frowny and grumpy at the same time . 
is very much zu Hause today . 
One would think this would subside after a while . Instead , it chokes me up all the time . 
is really , quite sick . 
Cliché though it is , you are always [ but not limited to ] the last thought to cross my mind before i venture onward into a night's slumber . 
So , i have the artistic skills of a six year-old , and my glitter-coated fingers/floor/plate shows it . And something that i also hope resembles a wreath and a bow .... but the poetry is all mine ! Even if it's barely legible ... Haha , gosh . I hope my grandma likes it . 
foremost , danced while driving home to The Mamas and the Papas ; ran with an unleashed Bixby in the parking lot ; and is now watching < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland for the first time . 
detests Christmas . 
can only spend so much longer ignoring/pretending that it's not Christmas . 
My words are nothing ; your memory is everything . [ heart . ] 
Only you would be able to lift this shadow that is weighing me down . 
Oh my god ... At this approximate time last year , < PROPFIRST > and i were frantically running across the busy highway in a chilly Atlanta , GA with our spicy chicken nugget fortune from Wendy's .. then turning around to buy my gloriously dandy screwdrivers at a gas station . :D [ Band trip . ] 
I was trying to purchase earrings online with a giftcard , and i came up . 71 cents short ... I love it when that happens . x_x 
It's always been you . 
Oh , love , the dreams that we have ... how i so desperately want to make them come true . <3 
feels transparent ; as if the wind could blow through her , and also blow her away . 
is playing grease monkey today . 
is fatally infatuated with the current air conditions . 
Like granite , this protection is eroding ; whittling away to my core . 
Caytee Mosel , i am your father . Contact me in some way that isn't through my phone , please . 
< PROPFEMALE > ... )': > 
I'm the kind of person who has to apply logic to emotion . Once that bond is clarified , i am free to act upon well-laid thought . 
has resorted to mentally counting in < PROPMALE > to get to sleep . 
My eyes are blue and shining , and i do believe i know the reason why . [ happy face . <3 ] 
My semester GPA is a 4 point . :D 
Last minute , pull-together All-Region practicing FTW ! I greatly enjoy abolishing my chances and lip power for tomorrow . But :\ 
a . ) It's my fault ; and b . ) I won't make it anyway , plus it's my dignity at stake - i shall not go wholly unprepared . 
will soon become immersed in music , scenery , and corresponding thoughts . 
For Coach Wilbanks , was the homework just Section Three ? 
I've decided that i'm going to become more efficient on my horn . It's an internal inspiration that came with the realization that i got what i deserved with the All-Region music , but i could really work on improving my tone , working on my scales , and becoming a better player , overall . Plus , next year , i will be a Senior and that means that i really need to step up my game in all aspects . I can do it . 
Brightest - Copeland . 
Closed . [ : 
The Downside : I miss you , and feel the need to sit right next to you , our bodies partially entwined , and nuzzle up against you , all the while - in reality - hoping so much that you aren't freezing because there's nothing in my power to do about it . ): > 
Word of the Day : Thundercat(s ) . 
You are the brightest < PROPFEMALE > , and i'm in love with who you are . <3 \ 
\ 
'' White Lines & Red Lights '' - Between the Trees . 
is listening to band songs on YouTube , trying to cheer up from being a sad little lion . 
So .... I\ll give someone degrees in awesomeness ( equivalent to \ " cool points \") and a few Dum-Dums if they assist me with the Chapter 12 Review for Coach Wilbanks . " 
Faithful . 
Bite the tongue and bleed . 
is going to have a good day . [: 
You are becoming a comma splice monster , and i am getting closer to slaying you . 
My main problem with Chemistry is trying to figure out what the problems in the book are trying to tell me to do . 
is fired up . 
Just for today , i wish things could go back to how they were yesterday . 
can make anything possible with this sentence - perhaps , even a few . That is the power of words . 
is about to punch a phone in the face . 
Memories are something that only amnesia can take away from me . 
I would like to re-read A Series of Unfortunate Events . It'd remind me that some people move around more frequently than i do , and are also more misfortuned than i . And those bright kids turned out alright , right ? 
I miss my band uniform . 
Reawakened , stirring within . \ 
Project . \ 
Hope . \ 
Be . 
I hope my last words are significant like Boromir's ( LotR ) . 
past , future , anything but the in-between . 
FISH HAVE AURAS . :o 
played sixty-five levels of '' Unblock Me '' on her sister's iPod in a little over an hour . A thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and Becka , for triggering the fascination that would become my addiction in band today . o_o 
Nothing like a four hour nap to prepare for the intensity of a late-night read . 
has a slight headache , but is filled up with the astounding sound of the UCA ensemble . 
It is SOOO nice outside . Is anyone doing anything to enjoy it ? I really want to , but i have no ideas . 
The air is infatuation today . 
will greet her elektriq blanket with a sleepy smile soon enough . 
is watching On the Road with < PROPFIRST > and Santino . 
is in need of bad-ass rap songs . Help ? 
Your eyes light up my world . <3 
These snow days are bogus ... 
is a little too sad for comfort . 
I watch way too many marching band videos . 
Revolved . 
enjoys singing to Copeland songs . 
i really miss you . 
At least we were together last night , if only in my dreams . 
just gave Bixby a bath , and now he's doing a mix of prancing around shaking the water off , and then coming to lay down on my bed and grooming himself like a cat . He's too cute . ( x 
is overwhelmed . 
[ insert what i would like to say here . ] 
Keep it together , kid . Now is not the time to start feeling sorry for youself . 
sweet shit . 
School is closed today and tomorrow . 
is increasingly declining . 
Even though i was ready for it this time , i still miss you in the end . <3 
Notice : My phone's service is temporarily suspended . I'm sorry if you've tried to contact me . Also , after today , i will also be without easy computer access . I can access the internet limitedly via cell phone , but as i mentioned before , my phone is shut off . \ 
So , sorry if you've tried to contact me today . \ 
And if you want to contact me , sorry to say : you're screwed . \ 
But maybe i'll get something figured out . 
How do i spend my last day on the < PROPMALE > ? Watching band videos . Specifically , our performance at the Arkansas Open in Jonesboro . I actually started crying a little bit at the big hit because that's the best we had ever played it . I could have gone for something a little tastier than broccoli and cheese soup to eat while watching it , but whatevs . If i was to die today , i'd be almost perfectly happy . Almost . 
Someone ran into my car last night . Hopefully things will turn out well when go to pick up the police report on Monday . Still , that was just fantastic to discover this morning ( especially having no phone to call anyone ) and I still get pissed off and feel bad for my car when I see the damage . 
is far from well . 
My phone is back on . Today has been wonderful . <3 
This is the first night spent away in a motel/hotel that i've had in over a year without your picture underneath my pillow . 
is really liking Missouri State University - Springfield . 
I keep thinking about how cute you are , and while it envokes fondness , it only makes me anxious to be around you yet once more . 
She is the essence of beauty , my soul , and the wish of my dreams . 
is listening to cds of the Marching Band and Jazz Ensembles of MSU . 
Maybe if i imagine hard enough ... you'll feel it too . 
A kiss on the cheek that ignites my lips . <3 
The lighting leaves her awestruck and pondering . 
Get the assorted cookies out of your head . 
doesn't have to be at the basketball game tonight , since the Drum Line is taking over for the Jazz Band . What to do with my time ... Part of the < PROPFEMALE > is in indecision . 
' Keep your head just for you heart . ' 
It's a gamer night ; break out the Orange Gatorade and the L.o.t.R. II for PS2 . 
Dictionary.com is my friend when writing essays . 
We'll < PROPFEMALE > on like long division . 
I've got your soft , sweet kiss trapped behind my lips . 
isolation . 
is in the crazy state of being happily relieved . You're the best . 
So ... My sister and i just had a knock-out , drag-down match because she wanted to paint my nails and i didn't want to get out of my chair . Guess who was dragged out of the chair and is getting her nails painted ? Meeeee ! 
is trying not to be consumed with worry . 
Storms are a bad influence on me : Instead , i drive faster , keep my lights on low , blast music , roll my windows down , and yell triumphantly . I'm a maniac . 
The gray sky isn't helping . 
My thoughts are escaping , but not in the way they normally do . 
PrlOgged . 
My phone was swallowed by the toilet today . It's functioning with less malfuntions now , but i apologize if you had tried getting ahold of me prior to this achievement in my trooper of a phone's history of triumph . 
had an awesome time at Jazz Practice and now has \Big Wind from Winnetka\ " stuck in her head . :D " 
i am enjoying observing on this rainy day . 
Is there an Amortentia potion around ? I seem to be smelling buttered popcorn and other nice smells that i can't quite identify at the moment . [ Harry Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE > reference , ftw . ] 
Thinking about prom and putting on my dress makes me so nervous and slightly scared . 
just call me giddian . 
< PROPMALE > Dublin needs an anatomy lesson . \ 
Talking about kidneys :\ 
'' But we do have two , right ? '' \ 
'' Yes . Haha , no , we have three . '' \ 
'' Wait . Do we really ? '' \ 
'' No . '' 
Off to Springdale we voyage . However , my paradigm was thrown completely off when my peanut butter , nutella , and < PROPFEMALE > sandwich slid off my book and onto the floor . 
I love seeing planes cross the sky . 
I wish my mind had that little sensor that tells a person when to shut up . 
Needs a little motivation . 
Two things that i completely detest :\ 
- When someone wolf-whistles at me in a serious manner . \ 
- Getting asked for my number after speaking for five seconds . \ 
And guess what happened today , both by guys ? Dx 
must begin to work on the dreaded English II essay . 
This is one of the rare occasions when i am angry . 
The thought is always constant\ 
That you'll never see\ 
Everything i am now\ 
Or who i'll grow up to be . 
Come on , child . Get your mindset right . 
The lighting today is better than i expected . 
has suddenly been reminded . 
is going to begin the process of cleaning and packing ; if there is any energy left , it shall be transfered to homework .. hopefully . 
I miss you already . 
It's Moving Day . Jooooooy . 
has had a ridiculously eventful past two days and is utterly exhausted . 
These thoughts are driving me crazy . 
My horoscope mentions that i may have to travel today [ true ] and to be extra careful on the roads . It guesses very well ; i suppose i should take a little extra caution . 
just got home from an intense Rock Band III + Rock Band II + Country Track Pack session with < PROPMALE > Dublin , whom , by the way , has her leftovers in his refrigerator . 
tried making Toaster Stroudles this morning but accidentally burnt them , exploded the icing packages , burnt her fingers , and got plastic melted to her finger .... then haughtily threw it all in the trash can for being pissed off about it and no longer in the mood to eat the blasted things . 
Even though i suck immensely , my sister is making this place look so much better already . It's a shock to my system to see all of the drab coming off after so long of living here , that my body has no idea how to help make it look cozy . Soooo , i sit here and play Rollercoaster Tycoon with a vacant expression . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Whitehead is somehow managing to make countless lesbian jokes while our late-night cooking takes place . = - = 
Words will make you stronger . 
just had her night made . ^-^ 
Spice World is on ! Tits , yeah . 
You spelled \Bat Mitzvah\ " wrong . " 
Shut up , Horoscope ! Let me splurge . >_< 
