i weighed all my books and they weigh a total of 34lb 

got my permit finally 
can any of you upper classmen remember past band shows because on the new smartmusic10 I have found ambrams pursit from last year and adigo . I want to see if I can find more songs from years past 
clarinets did you get a 5th anual hot lips hustle invitation 
clarinets did you get a permissions slip for the hot lips hustle 
< PROPMALE > and senior clarinets , would a sudden change in humidity stop a clarinet from working properly ? 
what time do the busses leave 
was practicing when I thougth that some time the band and orchestra should get together to make one symphony and put on a concert 
fearing thanksgining dinner . Uncle is a healty cook which means no butter whole wheat flour no sugar . AHHHHHHHHH . using pies as pre dinner eat 
got to see the radio city rocketts yesterday . They were amazing 
Finals are EVIL !!!!!!! > : 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody 
has been listening to 37 songs of celtic music and watching the movie Riverdance and is now convinced he is going to move to ireland when I grow up 
saw Avatar last night and it was AWSOME . I came out and I was dang I am still on stupid Earth and not pandora 
curse this math 2 statiststics promblems work sheet . 
feels distant from the physical world 
just finished dealing with a suprise attack of termites 
SPRING BREAK IS FINALLY HERE !! YAHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
I detest termites . This brings infestations to 2 
went to calaway gardens 
starting to choose my what I am going to do for the rest of my life 
good luck to all Drum < PROPMALE > candidates tomorrow . 
I despise the peice called happy hippo 
writing a five < PROPFEMALE > speech for Brit lit 
Braces come off wednesday of next week . 
Would love to leave emotions behind . the only thing they do in the end is hurt you . 
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL 
having fun with having a summer free of braces . 
summer is the time for staying up late outside , finding some large feild and catch fireflies and watch the stars . 
had to spend the night at kennesaw hospital :( 
who is taking honors American lit ? I do not understand this museumbox assignment . There are eight individual boxses and I am stumped . what exactly are we supposed to do ? 
cannot wait to go to < PROPMALE > Head for the week . 
having fun in the sun at < PROPMALE > Head . Fantastic waves , bright sun , what more could I ask for . also turning 17 in 3 days . :) 
loved the temperature today . It was a perfect blend of warm and cold . 
That is not flurries outside that is snow 
Never had a fever this high , 103.6 
