So mush studying !!! 

So tell me y does someone ask u to go to a concert yesterday and then call you today and tell u they sorta asked someone else first and now that person is going . How dumb is that ? 
So I finally met my besties new girl today ... that was great . Not really but whatever . She is super nice but still I just don't really like her . Guess maybe jus cause she has what I want . Oh well was just a waste , 5 years of bullshit finally over . I really did love that man and not saying that I'm like drop dead gorgeous cause I know I'm not but next to her I'm a super model . Naw but really thats a true story ... lol . 
Big accounting test tomorrow . OMG I am so so excited , not !!! 
Well off to bed ... So tired of stressing bout this damn test . I hope my studyin pays off . Goodnight all ! 
Augh at school , I am so damn tired and I gotta work as soon as I leave here . 
Well gotta go back to class , I so love school though ... lol 
Well took my accounting test this morning , bonus it was open book lol so now I know I go a 100 ... lmao 
Augh I sold my snowmobile and I'm having < PROPMALE > mixed feelings about it . I loved that lil sled . Ohwell guess I'll get a new better one ... lol . 
Sometimes were so caught up in life & its daily routine that we 4get how fortunate we r . Though u may go through a bad time or situation or even get a bad sickness or injury , theres still millions of ppl in the world that have it harder & are going through more shit than u can only imagine . For 1 moment in yur day/night sit & think of just how FORTUNATE u r 2 b who u r the way u ar & where u r in ur life . Ur BLESSED ! 
I miss my Isha and Lil Devyn 
I hate being sick !!! 
Je suis tres excite pour la visite avec < PROPFEMALE > . Elle reste avec moi . 
It was just too funny , my friend fell down in the haunted house . It was greet , but that damn chainsaw , God I hate that . 
Yes , I'm going to NYC this weekend !!! I can't friggen wait ... lol 
I just don't know what to do anymore . I'm just so sick of he same ol ' thing . Not one person can understand what it is like not o know and how I feel . IK try so hard , but really there is no point , but maybe one day . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
Keep it possitive or keep it moving !!! 
So I'm outta Buffalo again and back in Holland 
I'm so bored , I really hate it in the country !!! 
Some call it arrogant , I call it cofidant !!! 
I'm moving into my new apartment on Elmwood tomorrow !!! I am so excited and just cannot wait . 
Wow ... What a BeAuTiFuL September day !!! 
Life how amazing it is !!! 
Bored at 9 a.m. can see how this day is going ... lol 
Finally got my taxes done ... hahaha better late then never !!! 
So ... I died my hair red 
Another Sunday 
Was out job hunting 
Do we really know the people on our Facebook friends list ? Here's a task \ 
for you . I want all my FB friends to Comment on this Status about HOW \ 
YOU MET ME . After you comment , copy this to your status , you'll be \ 
amazed at the results you get 
Yum ... just had Mighty Taco !!! 
I'm so excited , just got a new job . I'll be working for the Tops warehouse . I start next Tuesday . Things are finally starting to fall into place . 
So now I don't know what to do . < PROPFEMALE > Tuesdays just called me and I got a job there too . So which should I take the one serving where I get tips or the one in the warehouse where I make $11 an hour . Ugh I just don't know which to take ... lol ! 
Goin to Darien Lake Fright Fest today !!! 
Goin to the Sabres Game tonight !!! 
Had a great time at the Sabres game 
A person who truly loves you will never let you go , no matter how hard the situation is ... This is so true !!! 
Cannot wait till tomorrow , I start my new job officially tomorrow !!! 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grewup reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer ... dothat for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone 
I colored my hair red !!! 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship . 
Gotta work at 5 !!! 
Alright off to work , been on here too long anyhow . Damn FrontierVille ... lol 
Things are looking up !!! 
90 days today 
Goodnight all !!! 
Just so lost !!! 
chillin at my boys house whats up to all my family 
Tryin to put all the pieces back together !!! 
I truly wish I could be whom I'm supposed to be 
