Officially Living in Seattle !!! 

Job Hunting = Discouraged :( 
Start volunteering on Nov . 5 ... so ready to do something that I think matters !!! 
Not ready for the Holiday season that has already begun . . . . 
is wishing grandpa was still here 
Taking a note from < PROPFEMALE > about thankful posts this month , I would like to say that I am thankful for drinks with a friend at Tap House and for someone else making me dinner :) 
is thankful for double Thanksgivings , a new phone , and time with the fam ! 
is attempting a < PROPMALE > Christmas shopping day .... wish me good luck :) 
is ready for the holiday season to be over ... anybody with me !?! 
Poor eyes needed a rest , going with the glasses and looking like a nerd ... lol 
Up on the job hunt and feeling hopeful ... how long will it last ? 
Ready for Spring and Summer ! One < PROPFEMALE > day was not enough ! 
is broken , and feels so alone 
is trying to figure so many things out .... 
is wondering what comes next ... besides alcohol ? 
Why does being hopeful and happy have to be so hard sometimes ? 
... What's the point ? 
is ready for something new . Definitely need a distraction .... any ideas ? 
Had a wonderful fun weekend with the ladies in Bellingham ! Boundary and Big Mamas in one weekend ... mission accomplished ! 
Leftovers from The Counter and Mexican ... Mmmmmmm ! 
In need of change ... hopefully something will happen soon before I can't take it anymore ! 
Need a job so I can move the fuck on !!!!! Here's hoping it happens soon , before I go psycho 
So EXCITED for the prospect of a place all my own :) !!!!!! 
Happy for a new place , tired of hunting already ... I am apparently can never be completely pleased lol 
Goal : Get a new grown up license today :) , let's see if it happens 
Last day at Kohl's!!!!! Last day in retail !!!!! Last day in Hell !!!!! 
First day at the new job , here's hoping it goes well ... and that I don't get confused by the Seattle bus system lol . 
Walking home + Seattle hills = Meisha getting in shape ( although tired as hell ) 
New apartment by the 1st ? Becoming more reality than fiction :) 
Sad to give up the money , Happy to get the keys .... ahhh to have my own place again ! 
Moving ..... ugh will it ever end ? 
Cooking a Real meal in my very own kitchen , could it get any better ? 
Sooo ready for some good beer !!!!! Yay The Twilight tonight :) 
Fun filled week !!!! Anybody got ideas for next week ? 
From the skyline dark clouds move in . \ 
\ 
They shroud me with her cold cover . \ 
Eyes like daggers puncture the skin . \ 
Isolated in a room with no others . \ 
Where do I turn when all hope is lost ? \ 
Where do I find forgiveness ? \ 
My search for salvation has begun . \ 
To find a place where our hearts beat\ 
as one . 
Is ready for some happy times , and pissed at having sad times 
Yoga : seems fine in the moment , but the next day you discover muscle groups you didn't know you had , lol 
Had productive plans for my 1 day off but somehow that bed has taken me hostage 
Is in need of a no holds barred , loud , out of control , fucked up night !!!!! 
Ahhh Youtube so much wasted time ...... 
Drinking and my ladies .... always a good time ;) 
Drinking , dancing , flirting ..... oh and waking up to the smoke alarm :/ Well most of the night was good . 
Okay , the eternal question : How lazy is too lazy ? 
New Favorite Simpson's Quote : \Can't we have one meeting that doesn't end with digging up a corpse ? \ " - Mayor Quimby " 
Time to celebrate the ( almost ) end of a Very stressful week ! FNPS !! 
\What ? Spider poison is people poison ? \ " - < PROPMALE > Simpson ( Unfortunately I had to learn this lesson the hard way on my own ) " 
Beer , Getting to see a friend's band play , and dancing .... the making of an amazingly fun evening ! 
Mmmmm ..... TV and Beer , I now see my why I have such a bond with < PROPMALE > Simpson :) 
Wow ! Cleaning your apartment makes it look like an actual apartment ! :) 
Need : Fun night after long week\ 
Solution : Drinking ! FNPS ! 
BBQ , boating adventure , and celebrating a birthday ... fun times :) 
I have a couch , which means I have a real livingroom and people need to visit ! 
Mmmm .... vegan diner breakfast and shopping , not a shabby way to end a long weekend ! 
Officially a student again and this time an artist .... well I guess that remains to be seen , lol 
Ugh ..................... 
Oh ... it is amazing how the bathroom floor can be such a comforting place , well atleast for a little while .... 
Damn spiders ! I get one night to myself all week and they have to ruin it ! Argh ! 
How wonderful it is that an afternoon/evening of boating makes you forget ( for a little while ) that you actually worked today :) 
Great entertainment + Beer + Friends = Amazing time tonight ! 
Actually painted something I am not ashamed of , dare I say actually proud of .... 
\ ' Thank the Lord' ? That sounded like a prayer . A prayer in a public \ 
\Kids 
Fed up with stupid people and fucking fuckers ! 
\Getting out of jury duty is easy . The trick is to say that you're prejudiced against all races . \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
Cult of < PROPFEMALE > + massive cleaning = A damn fine evening to myself ! 
\Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion\ " - < PROPFIRST > Kerouac " 
Fun times at the Redhook brewery drinking and watching Sandlot :) 
Ah the Twiliight .... so many interesting times ;) 
Alki beach ... what a cool part of Seattle I never knew about , definitely need to find time to go back before < PROPFEMALE > days are gone again ! 
Sooo many spiders ... need to find a new place to do laundry :( 
Ever have that moment , where you forget that photos were taken last night .... it is happening to me right now :/ 
Tried sushi for the first time .... a complete success ! 
\The beginning is also the end \ 
\Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand\ " - < PROPMALE > " 
Sun , Fun , and Boating adventures ! Some pinkness , but worth it :) 
Oh how I love you aloe with lidocaine ! 
I am participating in the Alzheimer's Association Walk and am looking for donations ! Click on the link below to donate and thank you for whatever you can give ! :) \ 
http://memorywalk.kintera.org/pacificnorthwest/meisha 
Oh how amazing it is to have someone dispose of spiders and make you dinner in the same evening :) 
I am participating in the Alzheimer's \ 
Association Walk and am looking for donations ! Click on the link below \ 
to donate and thank you for whatever you can give ! :) http://memorywalk.kintera.org/pacificnorthwest/meisha 
\We have to live our lives as if we are dying of a fatal disease . Because we are . \ " - Phineas Narco " 
Apartment is sparkling clean ... visitors now please ! :) 
\What ! Spider poison is people poison ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Simpson ... words so very true as I have recently found out :( " 
Mmmm ... homemade chicken noodle soup and blasting of the music : Good Times :) 
Feeling sedated .... maybe I can be productive this evening 
It's only Tuesday and I want the weekend desperately :( 
Body .... So .... Sore ..... 
The job search is ON ! Hardcore ! 
Ugh .... so much snot :( 
... to contemplative for my own good ... need a distraction , please ! 
I like it on the floor ... 
Soon shall be the time of the planes (& other flying contraptions ) :) 
Mmmmm .... massive nachos , an amazing < PROPFEMALE > , and someone to chat it up with ... good times :) 
\Needless to say I have some unusual habits 
Just got home and definitely opening that bottle of wine after the day I had ! 
Needs to get her ass in gear ! 
What ?.... Running into furniture can cause a hematoma ? 
Blah , overtime ! You better be worth it ! 
Beginning to kinda like my apartment , and wanna be here .... only took about 6 months :/ 
It's nearly ten , I am frustrated and covered in fabric glue with no mummy costume ... I think I am giving up :( 
Didn't give up on the costume .... and had an amazing time ! Success ! :) 
Sooo ... yes I call people all day long and some of them are a little weird but today I actually had a man answer his phone while he was hunting in the woods and in pursuit of an animal ........ I will never understand people 
Watching a movie about a serial killer while I paint ballerina's . Odd ? Not for me I guess :) 
Uh ..... Master's programs why must you be so complicated ? 
Delightful time playing in the snow ;) 
Got to work and back safe and sound ! Master of the Snow : Meisha ! lolz 
Soooooo sleepy , but so much to do ..... 
Ready for some homemade soup :) 
I <3 < PROPMALE > ! 
Thank god for Daniellie ! running errand without my wallet .... not very effective . Atleast < PROPFEMALE > was there to save the day :) 
Mmmmm .... be productive or have fun ? Well I think I am better at having fun so screw productiveness ! 
Ready to begin the challenge of finishing the Christmas shopping ! 
Ohhh ..... a clean apartment for the holidays :) 
Mmmmm ...... spaghetti and crime 
Taxes Finished ! Yay ! 
Oh The Land Before Time , how you can entertain me even at my age :) 
Improve HH with the co-workers .... not too shabby . Dare I say , delightfully entertaining ! 
Cannot wait for a new apartment ! Soooo Cold :/ 
