HAPPY 2010 EVERYONE !!! :) 

is finally an shs alum ! :-) 
had a great time in the city and looking forward to brigantine in 6 DAYS !!! 
is waking up at 6 to leave for the beach at 7 ... so excited ... brigantine for 2 WEEKS !!! 
is having a great time at brigantine and the only thing that will make it perfect is to know who my roommate is ( since i already know i'm rooming in m&m ) ~ t - 36 days 
is so glad she finally has things falling into place and has 2 amazing countdowns going on ... 12 days til my birthday , 33 days til lehigh ! :-) 
1 week until my birthday and 4 weeks until lehigh ... so excited for both ! 
is tired but had an amazing time in the city ! so excited to turn 18 in 4 days and for lehigh 13 in 25 :) 
turning 18 tomorrow ! 
FINALLY 18 !!! :-) 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :-) 
12 & 17 ... soooo excited :-) 
10 & 15 
birthday party in 6 , lehigh in 11 ! so excited :-) 
1 more week !!! 
i gotta feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night ! lehigh in 5 days :-) 
lehigh tomorrow !!! :-) soooo excited 
is so sad that < PROPFIRST > is going off to college tomorrow and im gonna miss her so much .. she has no clue . <3 ~ jackie 
is finally at lehigh and loving it :-) 
can't believe my first class starts in less than an hour ! 
can't believe lehigh is this amazing !!! tonight was great but tomorrow's gonna be even better :-) 
my phone is actually dead now ... great . 
had a much better day today than yesterday ( especially since i have a functional phone again ) but realized that my weekend has to be reorganized since no one goes out on sundays 
2nd week of lehigh ... 
is done with the first day of soccer tryouts ... second day is thursday now trying to focus on homework but its not really working 
was home for a bbq yesterday but going back to classes today ... 
hates scheduling stuff because i always get caught in the middle with misinterpretations ... sorry about lunch today ... 
needs to get out and work out to take a break from work ... 
9/11 ... always remembered 
tgif ! hopefully it stops raining before i go out ... 
I LOVE COLLEGE !!! 
home for the holidays . be back in lehigh on monday 
back at lehigh ! :-) 
in summit until wednesday morning 
BACK AT LEHIGH !!! :-) 
just came back from the game ... LEHIGH = AMAZING ! 
needs to be able to work out again ... now :( 
it's snowing !!!... in mid october ... 
needs it to be thursday ! 
omg ... just finished watching saw 6 ... it was so crazy 
1 more until #27 !!! YANKEES !!! :-) 
this is the dream ... its all i need ! 
love me hate me say what you want about me 
time for the yanks to take it at home ! :-) 
well ... the philly fans were right about 1 thing ... it didn't take the full 7 games for the series to be over #27 goes to us !!! oh and btw ... THE YANKEES WIN !!!!!! THEEEE YANKEES WIN ! 
LEHIGH LAFF !!! :-) 
why do i have a test tomorrow on lehigh laff week ??? i can't wait for tomorrow after 4:15 so i can continue with celebrating ... 
foreing policy test ... done ! ready to finally enjoy lehigh laff week !!! 
extremely happy right now and loves her friends ... they are amazing !!! 
BONFIRE TONIGHT !!! 
yeah lehigh !!! we won in overtime ... like there was no doubt we'd take it at home :-) 
so far so good ... lehigh schooled lafayette , the weekend was amazing , have no psych this week , and am coming back to the 908 on tuesday ... 
happy thanksgiving ! 
SO excited to be back at lehigh tomorrow ! 
last actual class ... 
loves how trying to be productive on a friday never works 
it's snowing ! :) 
done with psych forever ( thank god) ! one down , 2 to go ... 
did everything i could to procrastinate ... but now i'm in the library for a long time working on something i should have finished before finals week 
one more blog to do ... then sleepy time !!! ( I actually feel productive today ) 
library + 2 1 hour long breaks ( for dinner and workout ) = life for the next 6 days until finals are over 
looks like i'm not done with psych after all :( ... at least i have my fall schedule completely figured out for next year 
i'm still awake after literally no sleep and reading about how terrorism is an effective political tool ... this is my life 
living my life in the isolated cubicle of the engineering library for another 5 days ... then i'm back to the 908 
foreign policy in less than 24 hours ... fml 
< PROPFEMALE > at 4 ... bring it on ! 
2 tests down ... 1 + a paper to go 
having loads of fun switching between writing about bethlehem steel and reading about terrorism ... can't wait until after world politics tomorrow so i can do nothing school related for a full 3 weeks 
why am i up right now ??? can't wait until 1:15 when i'm finally done with first semester academics !!! heading straight to jersey after my final's done ... 
done with finals and heading back to jersey ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! :) 
going to sleep a fantasy champion :) 
happy new year everyone !!! 
2011 starting to look good already ... going back to lehigh in a week :) 
so excited for lehigh in 5 days !!! :) 
back to lehigh in 2 days !!! :) 
J-E-T-S ... JETS ! JETS ! JETS ! 
back at lehigh !!! :-) 
rush starts today ! :) so excited 
philanthropy round tomorrow ... can't wait for arts & crafts :) 3 more rounds to go ! 
last round of rush today ! bids come tomorrow morning :) 
working on my ol application while watching the < PROPFIRST > game ... jets in about an hour ! J-E-T-S ... jets ! jets ! jets ! 
first day of classes 
why am i so tired after only 2 days of class ? 
listening to nsync while reading about bin laden ... can't get a more special combination than that lol ... can't wait to finally go out tonight ! 
thank god it's finally friday !!! 
extremely tired and hates schoolwork ... why does the weekend have to be over ??? 
fire alarm just went off ... can't get back to sleep 
saints !!! :) 
psych is cancelled today !!! 
its an official SNOW DAY !!!!!!!! :) 
happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone ! :) 
psych = cancelled for tomorrow ! :) don't have class until 1:00 now ( and hopefully that can get cancelled too ! ) 
just realized that going on facebook while listening to < PROPFIRST > swift on my ipod is not something that's well accepted in fairmont ... it's actually kind of intimidating 
hopefully next week gets better than this one :/ 
just found out that terrorism was cancelled today by sitting in an empty classroom for 10 minutes and realizing no one was waiting outside the room 
spring break officially started ! :) 
saw the producers yesterday and it was amazing ! now bbq with the fam 
poconos in 2 days ... so excited :) 
doing loads of work now but it's all gonna be worth it by tomorrow afternoon when spring break part 2 starts in the poconos 
let's go lehigh men's basketball !!! luck * affayette ! :) 
lehigh ... welcome to the big dance !!! BEAT LAFAYETTE ! 
had a good break but sooo excited to go back to lehigh tomorrow ! 
back in the 610 tomorrow !!! :) 
yay ! it's so nice outside !!! 
happy saint < PROPFEMALE>'s day everyone ! 
lehigh still did a great job holding off the #1 seed for a good part of the game :) ! it's a great day to be a mountain hawk ! 
1st day of official spring = amazing ! 
just shows that the weather at lehigh can't be gorgeous forever 
one topic down in terrorism ... one to go ... damn chaim 
yay energy drinks , coffee , and all nighters !!! 
great night last night with < PROPFEMALE > Hoexter and < PROPFIRST > Murdock , something that made it even cooler = seeing < PROPFEMALE > Mastroianni and < PROPFEMALE > Marks 
just found out i was missing half of my work in my agenda so my earlish bed night just went out the window ... thursday could not be coming at a better time ( especially with no classes on friday ) 
happy easter everyone ! going back to lehigh today :) 
so excited that my weekend can start in less than 48 hours ( 30 to be exact ) but for now i'm stuck in < PROPFEMALE > ( aka my second home ) 
psych test in less than a half hour and then finally get to enjoy the weekend ! :) 
noises off in 2 hours and still feeling aftermath of last night ... should be loads of fun 
gtl = necessity for today 
my life = one big mess 
hopefully will feel better if i force myself to believe what i've been hearing for a while - that sleep is overrated 
why am i in psych right now ??? 
RELAY TODAY ( and i also find out who i'm hosting ) after a great night ! 
got the exact schedule i wanted ! :) 
ipe , theories , chinese , arabic , and math 51 
tomorrow afternoon ( after 3:00 ) needs to happen now ! 
just finished my last exam until finals and have my english class cancelled for tomorrow :) = official start of weekend !!! 
SUNDAZE !!!! 
last week of classes ! :) * kinda don't want this semester to end though ... 
so happy that psych is actually useful in life . my cell is frustrated that it isn't a landline and therefore is taking out its frustration on me = frustration-aggression principle 
2 more classes - one tomorrow one friday - then i'm done ! 
love how my clumsiness never ceases to amaze me 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY MOM AND DAD !!! <3 
done with classes and its absolutely gorgeous outside ... happy 21st mom and dad ! <3 
no phone for today or tomorrow because i don't have a charger ( since i stupidly brought my charger to the library , left it there , and it got taken to the lost and found which is apparently closed until monday ) * if anyone has a standard verizon charger ( aka non-blackberry ) i could just borrow for a single quick charge on my phone it would be greatly appreciated :) 
love how i'm currently listening to my hw playlist in the library in order to motivate me to do work and it's causing the adverse reaction as i'm doing everything else possible other than work 
yay overnights in fairmart ! 
a nice end of the year present = finding out i have an essay on 2 concepts i have no idea about and have 250+ pages of reading to do in order to understand them 
it was nice seeing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > today ... made me a bit more excited to go back to jersey in 6 days ... now back to studying 
happy cinco de mayo everyone ! 
a short attention span = not particularly the best thing when you're trying to write essays on terrorism and healthcare 
fml 
just spent a half an hour discovering the touch screen computers in < PROPFEMALE>'s ... hopefully psych went well but so happy its over so i can focus on my more important classes 
4 classes down ... 1 to go ... freshman year = officially over in a little less than 12 hours and going back to jersey on wednesday 
done with basically everything ... just one more test at 7 ! 
DONE WITH EXAMS AND ACADEMICS FOR FRESHMAN YEAR !!! 
almost done with packing ... back in the 908 tomorrow 
happy to be back in jersey but miss everyone from lehigh already ! 
just finished my first day of econ 
just came back from < PROPFIRST > hood ... now econ for the rest of the day ... fun fun 
congrats class of 2010 ! :) 
miss lehigh so much right now ( all my friends , actually being able to make decisions by myself , not being forced to go to sleep at 9 pm ) and need to see people from lehigh really badly asap 
finally not going to get lost anymore :) ! 
beach day today ... so excited ... first one of the summer ! 
needs to start the countdown now ... roughly 2 weeks until i see < PROPFEMALE > Preusse , 3 weeks and 2 days until brigantine , 1 month and 13 days until i'm 19 , and last but certainly not least 2 months until i'm back at lehigh ! 
happy father's day ! love you loads and thanks for everything ! 
econ done on friday morning when i mail in my test ... then my summer can finally start :) 
USA !!! :) YEAH DONAVAN ! 
congrats shs seniors class of 2010 !!! 
econ final in less than an hour ... basically fml :( 
DONE WITH ECON ! :) 
sooo excited for this week to finally come ! city on wednesday with Catie Liebel and < PROPFEMALE > Hoexter and < PROPFEMALE > Preusse coming down to jersey for fourth of july weekend starting on thursday ! 
still up and watching entourage ... can't wait for later on today to see < PROPFIRST > and catie !!! :) 
great time with dinner in the city with Catie Liebel and < PROPFEMALE > Hoexter tonight and can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > Preusse tomorrow night bc this long period of separation = not healthy ! 
sooo happy that < PROPFIRST>'s here on her visit until monday ! heading out to the city in like a half hour ... 
2 weeks at the beach in 3 , birthday in 23 , and lehigh in a little more than a month ! so excited for this part of the summer ! :) 
miss lehigh sooo much right now ! only a month and roughly 10 days left ! 
brigantine tomorrow for 2 weeks ! :) 
finally starting to get color on vacation ! beach day 1 out of 14 complete 
two very nice countdowns to wrap up the summer :\ 
only 12 more days until i'm 19 and only a month and 4 days until lehigh ( omg no words to describe how happy i am to say that it's coming very soon ) 
back home from brigantine ... 19 in 5 days ! lehigh in 27 :) 
finally 19 in 19 hours ! 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
3 weeks until lehigh ! :) 
GTL in 16 days ! :) 
happy birthday dad ! i love you so much and \ 
you're the best father a daughter coul ever wish for ? :) 
last countdown of the summer ... lehigh in 9 days !!! :) 
LEHIGH IN A WEEK ! 
clothes shopping today , packing tomorrow , LEHIGH IN 2 DAYS !!! 
done with packing and preparing everything for school ... lehigh bright and early tomorrow morning !!! <3 
LEHIGH !!!!! 
just finished doing everything from my room ... finally can say i'm officially at lehigh !!!!! :) 
some patterns never fail ... starting to reclaim < PROPFEMALE > as my second home this early in the semester - i want the weekend to come now so that i can go on a safari for imaginary animals and ride on a camel ! 
literally have to be in class in 3 hours ... no point in sleeping now lol .. pulled my first all nighter of the semester and surprisingly not feeling too bad right now 
off to pitt for a weekend retreat ... back late on sunday :) 
wtf - reunion 11/5 
can't wait until the weekend ... until then i'll be living in < PROPFEMALE > 
phone is not functional again ... hopefully will fix it tomorrow after class ( for now just fb me if you want to get in touch ) 
phone's magically working again :) 
love the fact that the only class i'm taking just for graduation requirement reasons is stopping me from going out tonight because of an 8am test on the friday before pacing break 
done with everything productive i had to do before break .. just hanging out on campus now until i go to the 908 tomorrow afternoon 
back at lehigh :) 
why was such a cute outfit a waste tonight ???? 
just recently got out of my first spooktacular which was amazing ... now have to get back into the real world outside of trick or treating and pumpkin painting and start on my stockpile of work i saved for today :) 
having a sleepover tonight in fairmart ... probably will happen tomorrow too ( can't wait until thursday ! ) 
rave cinemas ( aka promenade ) -> approx 4 < PROPMALE > from lehigh aka 1 hr of our own reenactment of a horror film by car 
off to lancaster for EC summit all weekend in a couple of hours ! 
thanks to summit still have bieber fever stuck in my head ... not the most productive thing when you're trying to focus on the bottom-up theory of ir but had such a great time this weekend that i wouldn't have it any other way ! 
now officially the start of lehigh laff week ! :) 
rule #1 : never leave your computer alone in < PROPFEMALE > or else some random froshie will force log you off and get rid of all the notes you did and were about to save and print out right after you got your coffee ( aka hello all nighter ) 
just knocked out registration :) got lucky for the 2nd semester in a row with being logged out of the system twice and still getting all my first choice classes while 2 out of the 5 only had 10 open spots before registration started ... now really need to go out and celebrate lehigh laff week ! 
lehigh 2 ... lafayette 0\ 
ready for the night of champs :) 
happy thanksgiving everyone !!! :) also first snow of the season ! 
finally have a functioning computer again !!! 
need ipe and theories to be over soon so i can start having fun again 
needed that power nap so badly ... now back to work on my essay 
feeling sick right during the last week of classes ... just what i need right now 
good thing i went to the review that i was debating skipping because i just found out another reason why i dislike math : the final was pushed up from the scheduled time of 8 am on the 16th to 8 am tomorrow morning 
1 test between me and winter break 
fml until ipe at 4 ... then back to 908 tomorrow afternoon 
j-e-t-s ... jets jets jets !!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone !!! :) 
its snowing !!! a day late for a white christmas but still nice when you get to stay inside with football all day :) 
had a great time in nyc with Catie Moran even though we almost got run over by several cars / buses and thrown into the middle of a random fist fight lol 
can't wait to see what 2011 has in store :) 
jersey shore tonight :) lehigh in 3 days <3 
win win situation = jets win vs . manning and the colts & going back to lehigh in a little more than 12 hrs :) 
finally at lehigh !!! :) 
first day of rush done :) 
J . E . T . S ... jets jets jets !!! steelers ... you're next :) 
actually gonna be somewhat productive today 
one of the few things i would like to change about lehigh : magically make it so that it gets the same weather as the west coast with beaches included 
prospects cancelled today ! no class until 1 :) 
1st ice day i've ever experienced ... i'll take it :) ! 
officially a zeta ! :) ? 
happy valentines day everyone ! :) truly grateful for everyone who's been there for me ... this vtines day goes to you ! <3 
thursday night with jersey shore and hsm soundtrack in < PROPFEMALE > ... glorious ! 
I'M AN < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! :) great night except for the fact i'm covered in yellow paint !!! 
cannot wait until tomorrow night when i'm actually able to live in my room again and have access to key objects ( i.e. my cell charger ) :) 
908 in a couple of hours 
gtled ( gym tan library ) most of break ... but so glad to be back at lehigh now :) 
cannot wait until thursday after 10:30 ... i'll finally know where i'm going to be living next year , know if i'll have an ec position , be finished with my lit review and test ( also be done with my legit classes for the week in general ) , and finally be able to relax and enjoy the holiday spirit :) 
so excited to actually have a place to live now for next year !!! :) 
does anyone know if kaufmann is back / if he's teaching classes today ? 
st. < PROPFEMALE>'s day officially starts in less than an hour & its absolutely gorgeous outside ! :) 
gonna pull an all-nighter tonight for the one i missed last night :/ 
i knew the time had to come soon ... officially phoneless until i go to the verizon store to get everything sorted out ... at least my phone put up a semi decent fight lol 
