trying to find a roommate ... it's taking too long and i'm worried we won't find someone before july 1st .... UGH 

relieved . finally found someone to take the room . I'm a bit worried about how the dogs will be since a pitbull can do more damage to strider than he could do to anyone ... so i'm worried but at the same time I don't think it'll be bad , it'll be good ( it's a feeling i get ) .... but yeah .... 
I am taking interpersonal communication ( 3 credits ) and biology ( 5 credits ) this semester then next semester English ( 3 cr ) and biology 2 ( ? cr ) ... then off to arapahoe for the real interesting mortuary science stuff :D at this rate i'll be done w/ school and have a career by like 23 or somethin ... nice :D 
I have a car now ! omg so cool ! 
lots of things . some good some bad ... kinda stressed but still happy :D 
bio class starts tonight . A really boring class almost 3 hrs long from 6 to almost 9 .... oi . I hope i have dinner waiting when i get home . 
Last night when i got home from class at 9 , < PROPFIRST > had a candle lit dinner waiting for me with < PROPFEMALE > petals and it was wonderful . 1 yr 1/2 and plenty more to go . He's so wonderful :D 
today is moving too fast , on my list of a gazillion things i was gonna do today , i have so far showered and that's it ... wow ... i have like 25 more things to do ... :( 
I can't wait till december 10th . a break from school sounds really nice lol . and NOV 3rd is my bday ! 19 yrs old . yay . this year went so quickly ... each day goes quicker than the last yikes 
I learned today that my old cat < PROPFEMALE > , who lived at my parents house , who wasn't even that old had to be put down today . She wouldn't eat or drink and the vets couldn't figure out what it was , She was dieing . Sad day but another learning experience :( 
I'm 19 now , yesterday i went shopping w/ my mom and got some awesome comfy , nice fitting clothing which was REALLY needed and i got a bluetooth headset for my phone which i have yet to be able to use ... ppl should call me ! lol 
Thanks everyone for the happy bday wishes ! I thought no one remembered ! lol . 
school is stressfull but this semester is almost over , I really hope I am able to pass all these classes . English 
is super difficult w/ the teach i have and UGH ... just gotta get through a couple more weeks is all . so welcoming the break 
I passed all my classes last semester so no more academic probation woo ! lol . taking 12 credits this summer . all 3 credit classes , gonna be hard but I'll be busy :D 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > :D . I am so happy I have my piano now :D time flies so quickly and it feels good to practice something . Now I need to study for my Psychology test ... not too worried tho 
A- on my psyche test . easy peasy .... got only 5 multiple choice Qs wrong . even my essays were full points ... I just love psychology ... 
going to apply at Vics coffee on table mesa and Moorhead in boulder so lets hope I get it . I would LOVE to work at a laid back coffee shop like that even if i have to commute a bit . 
wow I feel so popular with all the birthday wishes . Thank you :D 
