is heading to Europe for a year . He hopes he can stay in touch with everyone ! 

needs phone < PROPFIRST > !!! 
loves my family ! 
thinks the next warning label the surgeon general should mandate ought to be attached to life . 
is still trying to figure everything out , but it's getting better . 
is totally dreaming of POWDER !!! 
feels slightly better about the LSAT ... slightly 
is off to the Real World casting call tomorrow . Keep your fingers ( and toes ) crossed !!! 
hopes it's warm Saturday .... 
wishes the public at large would realize what is so wrong about their ability to vote away a minority group's civil rights . So much for American ideals . 
is very intimidated by the scores in the 25-75th percentile range for the top 20 law schools ' applicants last year . 
feels like he's wasted so much time , but now he's got to make up for it double-time !!! 
is free . 
wants everyone to know that Deadmau5 is the future of dance music . 
is now chasing after < PROPFIRST > Lautner and will settle for nothing less ! 
only has one more Facebook friend to make before he has 420 . Who will be the lucky boy or girl ? 
is going to see his name in lights someday . 
is missing < PROPFIRST > Rivera's one appearance in D.C. for the LSAT . Damn responsibility !!! 
really does not understand men . Or does he really and is just trying to put more to it than is there ? 
is taking the most hellacious test of his life today . 
survived the LSAT . Now he just has to deal with a month-long waiting period for the results . 
loves the fact that some neurotic parents surely bought Zhu Zhu Pets in order to keep their kids somehow safer than they would've been if they had had a real rodent and that now it has come out that at least one version of the Pets is toxic . CLASSIC !!! 
cannot believe how unwilling West < PROPFEMALE>'s leaders and \captains of industry\ " are to acknowledge the need to begin incremental change in and the science of energy policy . " 
is DigitaLic . 
wants all the irresponsible students of Morgantown to know that Vice is having 2 4 1 drinks all night on Saturday . Check off the good deed of the day !!! 
wonders if anyone has a copy of the most recent WVU Drum Ensemble CD . If so , please get ahold of me ! 
cannot wait for the premiere of The Buried Life !!! 
is in the Zeitgeist Movement . 
believes a healthy , CONSTRUCTIVE skepticism of our government is necessary to keep our nation thriving . The problem of today is that we get so discouraged by the way things are that we accept it instead of believing we can eventually make something better . 
wants < PROPFEMALE > to wake up . The story we were fed about 9/11 is being torn apart . Add up the evidence that has been suppressed ! 
is loving life . Can't wait to play < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
wants everyone to take my profile picture as a lesson . If you have large labia , don't wear sluttily tight pants in a color that readily shows shadows . Otherwise people like me will take pictures of your blatantly obvious camel toe . Thanks !!! 
is so ready for 2010 ! 
got a freaking 170 on the LSAT . 98th percentile bitches !!! 
keeps having to pinch himself to make sure the last month hasn't been a dream . 
thinks guilt should cease to be utilized as a deterrent . The guiltee either will rebel against the guilter and will feel an unending hatred against them or will forever go through life a quivering mass of flesh unable to do anything meaningful . There is a reason evolution made us a species that learns from experience , and maybe if we were a little less overbearing we could thin out the population a little bit ! 
is about as significant in the cosmic scheme of things as a camel toe is to this world . Remember that everything is relative , and try to practice humility in 2010 . Happy New Year !!! 
had an incredible weekend . Now back to reality ! Job search 2.01 !!! 
might actually have a use for all those dress clothes he's been collecting . Woohoo !!! 
thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > definitely is into Gaia . YAY !!! 
is going to have a very good upcoming week . 
has to get some slope time in soon . I mean just LOOK at those badass new goggles ! Sequins ?!?! 
wants to get in on the girls ' game . Grey today ( boring I know ) . 
wants to just sleep and wait for gnomes to do everything he needs done . 
amazingly is working at a nice pace . A fun , very long weekend IS possible !!! 
is so ready to feel the burn of the first time of the season on the slopes !!! 
is super sore ! So worth it !!! 
thinks there should be a minimum maturity level reached before individuals gain total access to the internet . It is a powerful informational tool that small minds obviously cannot handle . 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure ( tho that would be nice ) but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL ... YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least a day . 
is dreaming of surf , sand , and a TAN !!! 
wishes for once there weren't a battle waiting at every turn . 
is on a mission to find out what McDonald's does with all those extra , now useless top buns that lose their partners because of you barbarians who eat Big Macs . Oh the bun-ity(like humanity , get it ? ) !!! 
is carrying the fire . 
has a sore nose and isn't quite sure why . Probably an indication of a fun weekend . 
wants to crawl under a rock . 
is a little concerned that he's already getting used to working midnights . Whatever ! Being a vampire has always been a dream , so now all he needs to worry about is the drinking blood thing ( drawing it is definitely not an issue lol ) . 
feels left out of doppelganger week because he's never been told he looks like anyone else . 
enjoys trying to act like a meteorologist by looking at radar maps ! 
is snowed in up here yet again . Are the cosmos trying to tell me something ? 
got dug out of the snow but wishes the Wilkinsburg plows would've waited one more day ... 
wishes < PROPFIRST>'s Day took place during a warmer time of the year . Oh wait ! That might actually allow some people to escape its blatant consumerism . 
is content . Strange ! 
wants to know why two < PROPMALE > storms in a row stalled and changed direction in very similar ways and locations in the span of a week . Can anyone shed some light on this ? 
is back in the ' Burgh . 
wishes wishing did any good . 
is definitely making the most of the year off before law school . This boy will have to behave and maintain scholarship requirements once August arrives . :-( 
wonders why it's only after responsibility is exhibited that it is expected from us . Isn't that a little messed up from the way it should be ? Americans aim way too low , and we get what we ask for . 
is really about to join Farmville ? Those darn , pesky hearts .... 
is trying to figure out his wardrobe for this weekend . 
is getting over emotional while watching ABC shows online . Oh yes , it's man period time !!! 
hates when he sees a picture of a hot guy and then comes to find out the guy's a child molester or a rapist . 
needs a dart board to help him make some important decisions . 
is off to St. < PROPFIRST > tomorrow to interview for a scholarship . Keep your fingers crossed !!! 
only has 12 more days to wait for UMF !!! 
will be on his way to Miami this time next week . W00t ! 
is ready for the madness . 
In 3 days 13 hours 47 minutes 5 seconds the world will end . Not really , but it could be Earth-shattering ! 
is leaving for Miami . 80 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > ? That'll do !!! 
2 tickets to the world's largest electronic music festival ( which eventually sold out for the first time in its history ): $400 . A round of drinks for 2 at said festival : $20 . Having the most incredible birthday celebration yet with an amazing boyfriend : PRICELESS !!! 
would just like to thank his mother today for delaying her induction so that I would be born on April 2 . You'll never know how much it means to me that I am NOT an April Fool ! 
wants to send a big ol ' thank you to everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes !!! Who wants to party belatedly in Pittsburgh next weekend ? Hit me up .... 
wonders what kind of underhanded tactics Massey Energy will use to influence THIS investigation . Coal companies don't care about West < PROPFEMALE > or their employees . All that matters to them is using and abusing the state's resources ( both mineral and human ) for profitability . There's already been so much irreparable damage done . Let's wake up and get behind the development of alternatives for all our good !!! 
Massey Energy : a perfect example of the type of business to which our governor would love to open the Mountain State . < PROPFIRST > Manchin and < PROPMALE > Blankenship , and man with whom he is clearly in bed , can both go f*ck themselves as far as I'm concerned . 
KICKIN ' PANTS !!! 
sends out a huge thank you to everyone who celebrated my birthday with me . Sorry I'm evidently a wimp and couldn't be social longer !!! 
of a year ago would tell < PROPFIRST > of the present to STFU in disbelief if he told him all the facts of his life today . 
had a guest cuss him out tonight because he could not locate the remote control in his room . Is it really that hard to operate a television manually ? Maybe this mindset is just one of many reasons our country is so overweight . 
is so excited to introduce < PROPFIRST > to his world . Should < PROPFIRST > be afraid , very afraid ? 
wants to break out the swimwear already ! The Sandcastle passes didn't help with the < PROPFEMALE > issue .... 
has experienced an acceleration of sorts in his life lately . Now it seems like there's even less time in every day ! ( Like there was ever enough to begin with !!! ) 
only did it for a ski chalet ! :-D 
lives for the weekend . 
So < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Rekers , a co-founder of the conservative and extremely anti-gay Family Research Council , was found to have taken a European vacation with a gay escort hired from rentboy.com . Rekers says he hired the man to < PROPFEMALE > heavy luggage . I bet Rekers knows how to handle some large equipment too ! So who's next in the homophobe coming out party ? 
Isn't it strange how you're unable to regret past unfortunate decisions once things in your life start to click because any change in your path would've resulted in a different present position ? 
is feeling the brotherly love ! 
cannot wait for some sleep ! 
plans to enjoy the calm before the summer activity storm . 
loves all celestial bodies , but the < PROPFEMALE > will always have the strongest hold over his fascination . 
has so much stuff to accomplish today that normally it could fill up 3-4 days ! 
had a very successful day . Now off to a LEGAL gay marriage in D.C. !!! 
gave his key card to a cab driver as a tip , jumped onto a giant drag < PROPFEMALE > like a baby koala , and really needs a liver transplant ( well , not really ) . That was officially the BEST WEDDING EVER !!! 
is so excited to experience Pittsburgh Pride for the first time ! 
wonders who will be the most tragic mess of all tonight at Pride in the Streets . He has a very strong feeling about someone in particular ... 
had a good warm up with Pittsburgh's Pride . Now it's time for the real party ! 
wishes people would stop inviting him to scams to receive free crap . When will you learn it won't work ? 
is so glad that his weekend starts in 24 minutes ! 
truly is the lucky one . 
either immediately needs to find a way to stop bag tagging himself or is going to buy a cup ! 
is and will always be PROUD ! 
cannot help thinking of all the blatant hypocrisy surrounding Independence Day celebrations . 
loves his new phone ! Finally out of the stone age !!! 
can't believe there's only a week left ... 
only has 2 more midnight shifts to work ! 
needs pinched ! 
is going to have a long couple of days .... 
lost one of his most loyal and understanding friends today . Rest in peace , Snickers . We'll all miss you !!! 
wishes he could slow the summer down ! 
cannot wait to have internet access within his domicile ! 
loves that a < PROPFEMALE > appointee just ruled Prop 8 unconstitutional . 
is surprisingly pleased with his fall semester schedule ! 
begins real classes at law school today . Hope the optimism is still around by 5PM ! 
is amazingly surviving ! However , only two classes have started thus far . 
begins the first big boy week of law school today . 
is ready for some snowboarding now . Can we skip all the leaves and allergies and just bring on the powder ?! 
thinks there's an annoying \devil's advocate\ " girl in every class . " 
thinks the ruling on the unconstitutionality of DADT is wonderful , if extremely late . It's a shame the actors in our system often wait for public opinion to turn before becoming willing to do the right thing . 
loves being able to begin the week with rapping about < PROPFIRST > Maclaine < PROPMALE > in Contracts . 
To anyone who's ever said I like to argue for argument's sake : 1 . I sincerely apologize , for I never intended to be that person ; and 2 . I wish you could experience the people I'm around now and tell me that I'm nothing compared to them ! 
completed his first shift as a volunteer escort for the Philadelphia Women's Center and now feels justified in wasting the rest of his weekend ! 
realizes that tragedies are often spiraling combinations of uncontrollable coincidences but also hopes that lessons can be taken and retained from them . Otherwise , they will have occurred in vain . 
loves that the river , which used to be only 2 blocks away from the apartment , is now a block closer . Where did < PROPFIRST > Drive go ?! 
Fail of the Day : woman at the gym while still exercising on an elliptical tries to change shirts by putting one on over the other and then pulling the original off ( I don't know how this is done , but it's an < PROPMALE > many women have perfected ) and instead flashes the whole gym . Why not walk the 20 feet to the locker room ?! 
finds it interesting that all of this LGBT awareness is being stirred up and hopes that this time tragedy can actually be utilized to bring about revolutionary good , contrasted with the incremental change we settle for because we've been led to believe it is all straight < PROPFEMALE > is able to take . 
does not get men's skinny jeans . Period . 
will be out and about in Morgantown tonight . Come see me ! 
is celebrating 9 years out of the closet this year . It's never easy , but it does get easier every day . Happy National Coming Out Day ! 
just finished his first law school exam . Ugh ... this was supposed to be the easy one ! 
is definitely looking forward to the weekend . 
just saw < PROPFIRST > Matthews on campus . So cool ! 
Philadelphia : where even the ambulances break down . 
really hopes the election results aren't as dismal as everyone is predicting them to be . 
is dumbfounded that someone could make skinny jeans look baggy , especially considering the fact that he can't force his upper legs into a pair . 
is beginning to realize his relative mediocrity . Is this adulthood ? 
can't wait to watch \The Human Centipede !!! \"" 
can identify the sound of Velveeta Shells being poured into boiling water while asleep . 
has a dependency on sunglasses . 
is still mesmerized by the Rockettes . Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
If all war is won in the heart , how can one have a successful strategy if one's opponent is characterized as heartless ? 
really wishes people who block their number would leave a voicemail , as it would make it much easier to identify who has called . 
lives on the street where side mirrors go to die . 
is and will be the sweatpants < PROPMALE > for the next two weeks . 
just keeps thinkin ' of the slopes .... 
does his best to support shadow economies , especially around the Holidays . 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
Can someone please tell me who said big sideburns are ok again ? 
is back home in WV for Christmas and will be in DC for New Years . Get in touch or come find me !!! 
has a severe lack of motivation to do anything school related . 
Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > !!! I hope this year's celebration is as amazing as last's! 
Second semester starts tomorrow . Is it Spring Break yet ?! 
Let it snow ! I'm fine as long as my car doesn't get smashed ; the street I live on could very easily produce the next icy road YouTube phenomenon , though . 
often longs for dairy when consuming Chinese food . 
I , along with the rest of < PROPFEMALE > , realize Sammi is definitely not being a sweetheart . However , has anyone else noticed The Situation's dorsal fin ? 
hates it when someone doesn't know the answer to a question and instead of admitting as much attempts to hide the fact with circular logic . 
finds it distressing that the city coats his and all other minor streets around him in rock salt prior to the start of snowfall ( to the point of it feeling like a gravel road ) while arterial routes in North Philly are often covered in packed snow days after a storm . 
Happy Birthday , Roe v . < PROPMALE > !!! 
Goal for this weekend : get a new snowboarding picture ! 
It's a winter wonderland , and SEPTA is paralysed ! 
If driving in Philly on a normal day is like bumper cars , can I call tonight a demolition derby ?! 
Not cool , < PROPFEMALE > . Very not cool !!! 
So < PROPFEMALE > decided to have a normal schedule yesterday after the city got 15 inches of snow in 24 hours , but somehow found reason to delay opening today for no apparent reason . I've heard of a lot of stupid decisons ; however , the combination of these two takes the cake ! 
How is < PROPMALE > Marley releasing yet another album if he has been dead 30 years ?! 
If men could get pregnant , abortion would be a sacrament . 
Potentially life-changing interview today ; Gaga in a week ; Snowgasm ' 11 in two . What could be better ? 
Battlestar Galactica RULES ! 
I don't care what anyone says Gaga . You still got it and rock out like no other ! 5 DAYS !!! 
How do we justify the criminalization of victimless crimes when the FRAC Act , which is an essential step in protecting the health of perhaps millions as well as our fresh water supply , stalls in committee ? I very strongly recommend both the film \Gasland\ " and a personal investigation into the array of consequences stemming from such criminalization . " 
50 hours to curtains , Miss Germanotta ! 
Tickets : check ! Paws : check ! Four Loko ( original formula ): check ! Watch out Gaga , I'm comin ' for ya ! 
is extremely concerned that the only stamps available at my local post office commemorate < PROPFEMALE > . Thank goodness I don't need to utilize the postal service more often ! 
The four hour interview is finished . Now for the waiting game .... 
The middle children of the world keep it running ! 
Law school : the perfect cure for idealism . 
New catchphrase ( with every letter enunciated and said with a gravelly , crack smoke-damaged voice ): \Winning ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Sheen " 
Mullets , < PROPFEMALE > packs , jeggings , and < PROPFIRST > Sheen : the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse . 
Sometimes RHCP music is the only appropriate remedy . 
Ready for some beach time ! 
Rejection letter : not the best start to Spring Break . 
Why does it all of a sudden seem like utility lines are sprouting shoes and Facebook typing is really hard ? 
