guardyloo 

One , two , three , four ... Uno , dos , tres , cuatro ... 
Can't believe < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead !!!! 
I don't want to work ... I just want to bang on my drums all day ... 
wants to spend 4 or 5 days relaxing somewhere ... Any suggestions/recommendations ??? 
What do you mean the weekend is over ? I have to work now ???? No way !!! 
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY ! 
Estoy vivo 
is brunching in Laguna Beach on a beautiful day !!! 
is having dinner in Laguna Beach tonight , again ! I think I may have found my new home ... 
Life is a beach .... Laguna Beach ! 
is Friday happy !!! 
is having the hardest time concentrating on work this afternoon !!!! 
has a short week ( love those ! ) and is off to Chicago on Wed for some fun with friends !!! Any suggested activities ? 
Today is a gift , that is why it is called The Present . 
De minimis non curat lex ... 
The Moving Finger writes ; and , having writ , Moves on : nor all your Piety nor Wit Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line , Nor all your Tears wash out a Word of it ... 
is enjoying the beauty of the city .... 
Fantastic weekend . Met some incredible people ... 
August is but a faint memory now ...... Here's to what is waiting ahead ..... 
Lead , kindly Light ... Keep thou my feet : I do not ask to see The distant scene ; one step enough for me ... 
Intellegent Mind + Beautiful Heart + Incredible Spirit = An Amazing Person ! 
Two ducks waddled into my partially open garage today and insisted on befriending me ... Half a loaf of bread later and I learned that ducks can in fact drink water from a bowl such as a dog or cat does . I wonder at the beauty of creation and thank my little feathered friends for sharing time with me ... The world is a big place but that doesn't mean you have to look far and wide to see the beauty of it ... 
Up and going for an early morning run !!! 
Is off to the National Gallery !!! 
\We seldom think of what we have but always of what we lack . \ " Schopenhauer ... " 
Ah , make the most of what we yet may spend , before we to into the dust descend ; dust into dust , and under dust , to lie , sans wine , sans song , sans singer , and - sans end ! 
\She got her looks from her father . He's a plastic surgeon . \ " -Groucho < PROPFEMALE > " 
\I am not young enough to know everything . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
\ ... Nothing can bring you peace but yourself ! \"" 
FRIDAY !!! 
La < PROPFEMALE > de vivre ... 
Some people can be like fine red wine . At first taste , a bit sharp , maybe a little bitter . But , when given a little time to breath , they can really open up , grow on you and become a thing of beauty ! 
I like an escalator because an escalator can never break , it can only become stairs . There would never be an escalator temporarily out of order sign , only an escalator temporarily stairs . Sorry for the convenience . 
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum ( I think that I think , therefore I think that I am . ) 
\Marriage is the chief cause of divorce . \ " -Groucho < PROPFEMALE > " 
Sanity is a madness put to good use . 
\Marry me and I'll never look at another horse ! \ " -Groucho < PROPFEMALE > " 
Think and Thank ... 
\Some cause happiness wherever they go ; others whenever they go . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
had an African tea latte for the first time . Absolutely incredible ! 
\Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason . \ " -Seinfeld " 
U2 at the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl later today . Black Eyed Peas are opening ... Should be a great concert . 
Concert was awesome , however , today I really feel like I'm 40 ! 
loves the wind we are experiencing in the OC :-) 
\no one can deny it cause we waz flying like united ... \"" 
\The secret of being boring is to say everything . \ " -Voltaire " 
thinks it easy to see the ugliness in people , but to be able to ONLY see the BEAUTY , that's when a person is truly special . 
Did somebody say FRIDAY ?????? 
thinks that things are finally starting to get better ...... 
... Count your blessings - not your troubles ! 
\Reality is an illusion that occurs due to a lack of wine\ " ... Ponte Family Estate " 
is going to jump on his bike and ride down to the beach ! Anyone interested ? 
is wishing he were in Tahoe ... 
Be not the slave of your own past . Plunge into the sublime seas , dive deep and swim far , so you shall come back with self-respect , with new power , with an advanced experience that shall explain and overlook the old . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
can't believe the rain ! In SoCal , it isn't supposed to rain like this !!! 
\Every time I look at you I get a fierce < PROPFEMALE > to be lonesome . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Levant " 
\An angry man .... is always full of poison\ " -Confucius " 
had a fantastic day yesterday at Bear Mountain Resort .... 
has gone snowboarding ...... 
Why are Monday's so painful ???? 
Dear Friday , I love you ..... 
For a quarter of a century , this Kansas couple traveled all over the world , making motion pictures of the vanishing wild life of < PROPFEMALE > and Africa . 
Hello Friday evening ... You are truly beautiful ! 
going to get his Cirque du Soleil on tonight !!! 
Tornado Warning for Orange County !!!! There's no place like home , there's no place like home ... 
Saw Avatar 3D last night at the Imax theater ... Absolutely phenomenal ! I was very skeptical after hearing all the hype the last few weeks , but this is an epic movie . Definitely a must see . 
has come to realize that good people sometimes do bad things , but bad people never do good things ! 
Shout , shout , let it all out . These are the things I can do without ......... 
copy and paste to your status ~ Urbandictionary.com ~ Search your first name , and enter the FIRST entry for your name under comments . This is stinkin funny . 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brothers or sisters or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings 
\The blackest moments we live through can only last a little time-and then comes the future ... \ " Hello future . I've been expecting you ! " 
hears the call of home louder and louder .... I'm on my way ! 
thinks it's time for a big change ! 
\Every time I see you it brings back fond memories of the last time we said goodbye . \"" 
\A word to the wise aint necessary--it's the stupid ones that need the advice . \ " - < PROPMALE > Cosby " 
\I have found life so beautiful ! \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > Keller " 
It is almost impossible not to believe what you want to believe ! 
It's a beautiful day in the OC neighborhood . 80F , clear and snow in the mountain tops .... 
\Vulgar people take huge delight in the faults and follies of great men\ " - Schopenhauer " 
Do yourself a favor and become a fan of Facebook Security . You will be prepared for the latest threats , such as the most recent ' spoofed email going around that claims to be from Facebook , and asks you to open an attachment to receive a new password . This email is fake . Delete it from your inbox , and warn your friends . Facebook will never send you a new password in an attachment . ' - DO IT NOW ! 
\I'm against animal testing . They get all nervous and give the wrong answers . \"- Steve < PROPFIRST > " 
Remember that unjust criticism is often a disguised compliment . Remember that no one ever kicks a dead dog ! 
Happiness doesn't mean that everthing is perfect . It means that you've decided to look past the imperfections . 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where and what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence .... Chicago , 1982 , Oakland CA ! 
\A witty saying proves nothing . \ " -Voltaire " 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness ! 
On my way home tonight , I witnessed a group of teenagers enacting a Chinese fire- drill at the intersection .... Reminded me of good times with great friends way back when .... When did we all grow up ? Anyone have a fire extinguisher we can use to spray people downtown with ???? THE BEST TIMES EVER ! 
Off to hike in the hills of Laguna Beach ! Does life get any better than this ? I submit not .... 
is sick , sick , sick . At what level does your temp have to be before it becomes dangerous for adults ? I think I hit a record >>>> 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . ? April is cancer awareness month ?....... uh ... yeah 
Your life is a result of your own decisions - not your conditions ! 
Love begins with a smile , grows with a kiss , and ends with a lawyer taking all your money . 
The wind is really picking up , I love it ... Just want to go climb to the top of a tall tree ! 
is off to do one of his favorite things ... Ok , let's see who really knows me ... Guess what it is ... 
Resentment .. is like drinking poison and expecting your opponent to die ... 
has to act all grown up starting today at our 2-day board and committee meetings when all he really wants to do is call up the old gang , pile into cars , head on over to 7-Eleven , pick up some blocks of ice , and go ice bogging at DeLaveaga ! Who's with me ??? Maybe I can convince my board of directors to give it a try ! 
So this is what 5:30 am looks like .... Ouch ! 
Fill in the blank : \FRIDAY NIGHT __________ \"" 
wants to know ... you're listening to a jukebox or radio and suddenly a song comes on that makes you think of me ..... what song is it ? ( Put this on your status and see which songs you get ! ) 
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care ... 
\The blackest moments we live through can only last a little time - and then comes the future \"..." 
FIVE SIMPLE RULES TO BE HAPPY :\ 
\ 
Free your heart from hatred - FORGIVE . \ 
Free your mind from worries - Most never happen . \ 
Live simply and appreciate what you have . \ 
Give more . \ 
Expect less . 
This weekend I learned the value of a good VRB ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head . However we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . Will you ? 
Life is a beach , and I must bike on it ! 
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt . ~ Mark Twain ( 1835 - 1910 ) 
“Oh , you’re < PROPMALE > ! I’m sorry ; I thought there was something wrong with you . ” ~ John Cleese 
Is it happy hour yet ? Speaking of which , any suggestions ? 
will be glad when this day is over ! 
Today is a brand new day , and I feel like a brand new man ! Watch out world , here I come .... 
Who else thinks the month of August is the worst month of the year ? 
Who wants to play the FB sensation that is taking the nation .... Where in the world is Steve'O ???? 
Not SF . Think east of SF ... 
Bring on the Friday already !!! 
Another grey day at the coast .... I think I'll get on a plane and go somewhere today , but WHERE ??? Stay tuned ... 
How did we meet ? Please share the story of how you and I met .... 
\you better check yourself before you wreak yourself ! \"" 
What's the best part of Friday for you ? 
What is it again that the early bird gets ??? Coffee ??? 
Monday , bloody Monday !!!! 
is blessed with such incredible people in his life ! 
It's 80's profile week ! Change your profile picture to one of you in the 80's!!! :-) 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
Every person has a thousand wishes . People with cancer only have one , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status . But be one of the 3% of people that will . Post this as your status for at least an hour to show support for people who have died from cancer or are still fighting it . 
\Life is too short to be unhappy . You have to take the good with the bad and smile when your sad . \"" 
Ok peps , it's Friday and I want a good laugh .... Give me your best joke , video , link , pix , story , whatever !... Let's see what this group is made of . 
feels that right now , there's nothing better than Friday ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same , for the NSPCC . Until Monday ( December 6th ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . 
“When one door of happiness closes , another opens ; But often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us”\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Keller 
