getting ready for day 3 with my best friend !!! Hugs and kisses ! 

has only two days left with her kids . 
has the summer off to housesit . Let me know if you need a dog/house sitter ! 
has the summer off to housesit . Let me know if you need a dog/house sitter ! 
spending time by the pool . I love housesitting for people with cool stuff . 
taking some dogs from the rescue shelter for a walk . 
may have found her wedding photographer . Anyone have any ideas ? 
going to the Fray tonight ... Hooray for $5 tickets ! 
is leaving for Sequoia on Thursday . Home by Sunday . Then housesitting until Tuesday . 
looking at maybe getting a new car ... if I can afford it ! 
starting to pack for Sequoia this weekend . I leave in 2 days but have no motivation to pack everything up . 
leaving for Sequoia . Camping here we come . Be back Sunday ! 
needs to know if anyone would be willing to take care of a friend's dog for 10 months . She is a < PROPMALE > Shephard , almost a year old , and my friend would pay for all expenses ( incl . food , vet , and training ) . Any help is greatly appreciated !!! 
needs to know if anyone would be willing to take care of a friend's dog for 10 months . She is a < PROPMALE > Shephard , almost a year old , and my friend would pay for all expenses ( incl . food , vet , and training ) . Any help is greatly appreciated !!! 
wedding planning ... I need serious help . 
hates riding in the heat . Everyone is grumpy ( especially the horse) ! 
worked 7 to 830 then goes back at 140 . Oh joy ! 
leaving for work ... loving my kids this year ! 
planning a May wedding and searching for a condo/townhome/house . Please let me know of any in the Orange Country area ! 
needs a break . Is it Friday yet ? 
does anyone know how to categorize music ? I have 20 songs and 20 categories . Holy Jeez ! 
so bored I just created my family tree to the best of my knowledge . Someone save me ... 
going to make some cookies since I have nothing better to do ... 
dinner out with mom , grandma , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > for my birthday . Hope it's fun ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! You made it extra special ! 
got my wedding dress yesterday ! 
just got home from Scottsdale . Tired and tired ! 
waiting for my fiance to get his butt over to my house so we can go for a walk before going to check out an apartment 
picked up my dress yesterday ! 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness ; they are not looking for a cure ... only acceptance . Ninety-three percent of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Special Education Week : March 22nd to the ... 26th . Please post this . 
stuck at the house while the contractors destroy the bathroom . It's loud and obnoxious and I can't wait to go to work ! 
hates working the morning shift when the hubby to be works the afternoon/evening shift . what to do on a < PROPFEMALE > tuesday afternoon ? 
had the field trip from h-e-double hockey sticks ( I work with kids :-D ) to < PROPFIRST>'s Incredible Pizza . You would think that having so many people there normally they could at least try/pretend to handle 6 sites with at least 60 kids plus staff . They had no clue what they were doing !!! Sorry to anyone who works there or knows someone who works there . 
going to be on my own all weekend . If anyone wants to do something , send me a message or give me a call . 
work then a Crime in Stereo concert tonight at Chain . Need to take a nap around 6 to be up by 6 tomorrow . :-( 
father-in-law birthday bash today ! 
frustrated with apartments . 
Is it asking a lot for people to be supportive of your decision to get married ? 
one more class monday night to do my midterm and at the three week countdown to the wedding . can time go much slower ? 
Final done las night , hair trial done today , 18 days ... 
guess who has a marriage license ?!?!?! 
I'm going crazy waiting for the next 11 days to be over . Seems so slow , but then I don't have enough hours in the day ! 
there are now only 7 days until < PROPFIRST > and I get married . 
5 days til I become < PROPFEMALE > McGuinness-Vasquez . 
just had a massage . I highly recommend < PROPFIRST > , but I also told him he needs to be charging $150 per hour . 
hate packing ... especially when you have to pack your whole room and you haven't moved in 15 or so years . So much junk ! 
final countdown ... tomorrow is the wedding day ! 
finished our stay in Big Bear and now sitting in the cabin in Idyllwild . 
finished week 1 of summer with the kids . so crazy working 40 hours a week with 80 screaming children . get one more day off before two 9 hour work days . 
has a week off to do as i please ! 
excited for < PROPFIRST>'s baby shower today . Hooray for baby girls ! 
work in 20 minutes ... This is the last week of summer TLC and I can't wait to go back to my school ! 
need something to do tonight ? Happy Hour at BJ's! Be there ( at 10ish ) or be square . 
has a week off before i go back to work . free saturday through tuesday , but wednesday i leave for mammoth and yosemite . 
going to the Stone Brewing Company in San < PROPMALE > today ( thought < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > would like this since he's got his Arrogant Bastard for the game ) . 
first day of school today . Worked this morning with only a few of my kids , but very excited for this afternoon . Hooray ! 
I like it on the kitchen table . 
I want it to rain today but I hate being stuck in the portables with 60+ screaming children . Such a dilemma ... 
just rain already . that way i can wear my rainboots to work ! 
ok so I asked for rain but didn't really want thunder . My car alarm has gone off 3 times since 6:30 am and my dog FREAKS out with the booms . Good Grief ! 
I need some help on where to go for vacation . < PROPFIRST > and I want to go somewhere in early January . We have airline < PROPMALE > so that shouldn't be a problem and have been offered < PROPMALE > points for a hotel . But where to go ? 
I sometimes feel like nothing I do is ever right or good enough to certain people . It doesn't matter if it wasn't my fault , I still get blamed . A change is needed and it is not on my end . 
cooking , cleaning , and about to some some cupcakes . 
cupcakes in the oven and now on to pumpkin seeds . Oh how I love Halloween ! 
Going on vacation next week for three days but we have no idear where . Would like to drive somewhere in California or nearby . Any recommendations ? 
About to have Kogi for the first time in RSM . Korean barbeque tacos and some great quesadillas ... yes please ! 
excited for my San < PROPMALE > trip with < PROPFIRST > . Staying at the Keating and going to the Zoo Safari Park ( formerly Wild Animal Park ) . Good Times ! 
why oh why do I have to work this week ? I ask for three measly days off and they send me to a different school where none of my staff or kids are . 
finally i have four days off for thanksgiving and shopping . working on cooking our first thanksgiving dinner since we got elected to . pray for us ! 
Girls night tonight ! Going to see Burlesque , should be fun ! 
It's our six month anniversary today . My how the time has flown ... especially when you're having a blast ! 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character of your\ 
childhood . The goal : to not see a human face on facebook until Monday\ 
the 6th of Dec . Join the FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE and invite your\ 
friends to do so . 
Laundry day ! Then finish wrapping Christmas presents and ... a wedding at < PROPFEMALE > Cathedral . 
I hate work when it's raining . Kids cramped into portables with the smell of wet children . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . I had a great day spending time with my husband and later with my friends . 
First day back to work and it's already raining . Oh well , just means today will be a movie day . 
just finished booking hotels for our vegas/arizona trip . I am so excited to have a break and see some family . 
Hanging out at < PROPFEMALE>'s new apartment in Anaheim . 
at a strong beer fest in Phoenix in the pouring rain . thank god for tents ! 
Ducks game tonight section 211 row H . WooHoo !!! 
would anyone like to go to a ducks game this wednesday ? i want to get tickets but also wanted to see if anyone would want to join us . 
