Our phone doesn't work ! I think the guys are coming today to fix it though . 

almost misses school 
summers good how yours 
is glad to be home again 
i am listining to jesus christ superstar ! pretty good 
I lit off fireworks but had to take a shower to wash off all the soot 
What are sweet tarts made out of ? sugar ? 
hmm i guess sweet tarts arent made out of tart ....... < PROPFEMALE > 
How much does that cost ? 
You look totally weird right now , you have like eagles wings and you are surrounded by fire and you face looks like a mountain its totally weird . woah , i think we just ran over a small bus . 
GRRRRRRRRR ! 
Just got back from charleston ! 
LIKES KAYLA'S FACE !!!! 
THIS IS MY HAT NOW ! 
i just had and awesome burp but no one was around to hear it . so did it really happen ? How awful 
JESUS CHRIST , SUPERSTAR !! 
what is the dharma initiative ? 
WHOO ! WHOO ! 
McJefford ! 
I LOVE ME SOME < PROPFEMALE > (= 
I got a hair cut yesterday ! it looks great ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
???? What ? Who ? When ? Why ? Where ? What are you talking about ? ???? hahaha i like confusion its a good way to change the subject 
Is still crying ! That movie was SO sad ! 
She can f(g ) all day ! Its a function ! 
hmmmmm . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > always gets me into trouble but thats another matter 
I cut my hair two days ago . i think it will take some getting used to but i kinda like it 
well i guess it doesnt really matter than does it ? 
lacrosse conditioning tomorow !!! 
hahaha I CANT FEEL MY LEGS !!! hahaha 
Hahaha CAPTAIN PLANET ! 
OH NO ! i hate it when a guitar string breaks ! 
oh ! Saturday where did you go ? 
I would not advise dropping plates on your head , its not as funny as it sounds . hahahaha 
Guess what wednesday is !?! 
You got a lotta nerve , To say you are my friend , When I was down , You just stood there grinning 
Whens the best time to go to the dentist ? 
O ! many a shaft , at random sent , Finds < PROPFIRST > the archer little meant ; And many a word , at random spoken , May soothe or wound a heart that's broken ! Sir < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ( 1771 - 1832 ) 
Real integrity is doing the right thing , knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not . Oprah Winfrey ( 1954 - ) , 
Um i think Othello better start to make since or else i just might have to build a time machine and go back in time to ask shakespeare what he was thinking when he wrote it , or i could just use spark notes , but thats for wimps , i never take the easy way out ! 
I LOVE AB BFF 
haha if you read this you lost the game ! 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! YOU'RE NOT < PROPFEMALE > ! You smell like beef and cheese , you sit on a throne of lies ! 
haha i just bought some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s . Right < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I scratched a banana today and it smelled like blueberries , how strange ? 
You can try ! but i wont . 
bling blonging ? new word ? 
Why do we act the way we do ? Because we can !!! 
Hey < PROPFIRST > , I'm a ninja ! hahaha 
The safety word is wHiskey . 
There's a whole in your sock the size of Africa ! 
siwiwdbnkiatwmlssatltdic 
I just love iron and wine ! they are great 
Sweet wounded jesus ! 
There isnt enough time ... 
Saturday ! tomorow is Sunday ! Today is Saturday ! Which makes yesterday Friday ! I wish it was Monday ! 
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness . Think of your three best friends . If they're okay , then it's you . -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brown 
[ Long hair ] is considered bohemian , which may be why I grew it , but I keep it long because I love the way it feels , part cloak , part fan , part mane , part security blanket . -- < PROPFEMALE > Piercy 
i hate ladybugs ! they are satan's minions i swear ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ! why do you talk to me on facebook while we are on the phone ! haha jk its like five conversations at once 
OH ! we are crazy ! It was so fun being siamese twins ! haha 143 
what ? dance dance revolution ? its a dance evolution ! haha ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
An optimist stays up to see the New Year in . A pessimist waits to make sure the old one leaves . < PROPMALE > Vaughan 
Is it weird that i like watching the view ? 
Its a slinky ! They are too fun ! 
What smells like updog ? haha i love the office ! 
Everytime you close your eyes ! Lies ! Lies ! 
Discombobulate ! 
I am going to bed . AHH ! i have to go to the dentist tomorrow ! well at least i will get an early dismissal haha 
i cant feel my face ! haha 
haha i love watching the office ! Its just so funny ! 
Thats what she said ! haha 
I want crazy straw glasses ! They are amazingly cool ! 
Blue ! haha 
Spaghetti !!! haha again 
Doctor Pepper ! Rolling all over the floor ! hahaha ! Not funny old man . so not funny . haha okay maybe a little ! 
The Things We Found On Ebay ! 
I was legit , i was too legit , i was too legit to quit , but now i'm unlegit , so i must quit . 
Two exams down , two more to go ! Studying for pre-cal all day and tomorrow until the last minute should be fun ! 
Camping out at mema's again ! 
Darn you lady gaga ! I can't stop singing your songs !! 
Dont let your dads eat pie ! 
Jumbo Frisbee = very unpredicatable . hahaha 
I got toilet paper stuck to the bottom of my shoe today ! hahaha I didn't even use the bathroom ! 
I love saying Mucho Gusto ! Mucho Gusto ! Mucho Gusto ! 
I bought a stick and cleats today ! haha i am ready for tryouts tomorrow ! 
I am ready to take a nap . haha 
I looked for my homework for thirty minutes but i still couldn't find it ! That just aint right . 
Are you a good witch or a bad witch ? or are you a manwich ? haha 
Saturday !! Why are you so disappointing ? 
Seriously ! no school tomorrow ! why ? 
In the backseat ! 
Umm ... what ? Can you please repeat that i wasn't listening . 
I bought socks today ! how exciting ! 
Twin day tomorrow ! I just have to find a twin ! haha 
Well I think playing lacrosse out in the snow is one of the coolest things ever ! 
Que tal ? 
Oh i wish i had some music right about now . 
I had fun at the mall with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > but i think the next time i decide to take the stairs over the escalator , i don't think i'll try to run up them . haha 
Ummm ....... LAST HIT !! haha 
So i got a 78 on my progress report for spanish , and i talked to mrs. brown and it is now a 100 ! Apparently she accidently wrote a ten instead of a 100 as one of my grades . Muy bien ! 
I had a lot of fun at the tournament today ! But weirdly enough i got a sun burn only on the left side of my face , it looks pretty hilarious , or so i'm told . 
Game tomorrow ! Super excited ! 
I am tired ! I played the whole game and now i am ready to take a nap until < PROPFIRST>'s party ! 
I don't know what to do ! My life seems empty without lacrosse practice ! haha 
Spagetti ! Spagetti and meatballs ! Fun for all ! Even if your ten feet tall ! Spagetti ! Good even if your a yetti ! Good with sauce ! Just because ! Spagetti ! haha wow . 
hmm ..... 
Beat Mauldin Tomorrow !! If it doesn't rain !! Which i hope it doesn't! 
Ancestors protect me ! 
Does < PROPMALE > Mantilow know you raided his wardrobe ? Breakfast Club ! haha oh < PROPFEMALE > , i love you ! hahaha 
Who knew the travel channel could be so educational ? hmm 
It was bright but not exceedingly so . 
I feel tired , oh so tired . 
AHHH !!! Its spring break , a friday , and highlight of my day is facebook ! WHAT ? 
You can call me Big Tex !!! haha 
Betcha bottom dollar on me ! Its indie rock and roll for me ! 
Saturday ! perfect day for lacrosse and having more meaningless talks about < PROPFEMALE > the pooh with < PROPFEMALE > ! haha 
\I think i just smelled that cop drive by . Really ? Did it smell fruity ? Yeah ! i smelled it too ! \"" 
ahhh man . :) 
Jelly beans are the best way to end hsap testing . 
Grilled Cheese !!!! 
Its a sad day when not even AFV can make you laugh . 
haha my dad is a wimp when it comes to eating hot foods , couldn't even eat one chicken wing . Its just shameful when a father gets beat out by his daughter haha 
Thank you for the music , for giving it to me !! Its a good night to listen to ABBA i think . 
I enjoy having my sister home from college but i really miss having my own bathroom :( haha Love you little big sis ! 
What am i going to do with all this dough ?!?! 
I had so much fun this weekend with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you guys ! But now i am ready for a nap and a little healing time from being attacked by that tiger . Don't forget tie dye tuesday ! 
Knomes live in bushes !! DUH !! 
Coffee ! Coffee ! I love coffee ! Coffee is good for me ! haha 
Is at dog training with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Sitting with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > on our way to columbia ! 
In th chair again , with the same awkward plastic dental thing stuck in my mouth . Its too bad because i can't tell them i'm choking ! 
Yay for curtains ! :\\ haha 
Meteor shower !!! 
I found an m&m in my pocket . I'm going to eat it . 
Went to the mall today and realized its really depressing to walk around alone haha 
