Can't remember what day it is ..... 

Is abou tto kill Death .... x.x 
Dammit , I killed Death , but I can still die . :( 
Is apparently going to see < PROPFEMALE > Jett later ...... 
Updated status ~ 
I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS I WANT BRUTAL LEGENDS 
So , going to Myrtal beach tomorrow .... Seeing Stone < PROPFEMALE > Piots down there on Tuesday , and coming back on Wednsday . 
Well STP was fun . 
Thou shalt think for yourselves and thou shalt always , thou shalt always kill . 
So I'm going to fair at like 3:30 .... I'm not a fan of the fair , but somebody else should show up . Then fun can ensue . 
dununununununununu 
My ears .... still ringing ..... 
I WAS A GIRL , HE WAS A BOY , CAN I MAKE IT ANYMORE OBVIOUS ? 
You rolled me over , Flipped me over , Like a somersault . And that doesn't happen to me . I've never been here before . I saw forever in my never , And I stood outside her Heaven . 
Fuckers knocking on door ...... need to stop ....... 
Then BOOM happened . 
Turns out time set back an hour ..... I woke up too early . 
I find it kind of funny , I find it kind of sad . The dreams in which I'm dieing are the best I've ever had . I find it hard to tell you , cause I find it hard to take . When people run in circles it's a very , very Mad World . 
Just pick your head up boy and , walk away . Walk the coolest walk that you know . 
has lvl'd up . Bonuses : -speed boost -Assorted items from various people -Moral boost Lvl : 16 . 
Barefoot in nightgowns , that's how she dances in the rain . 
ENGLISH MOTHER FUCKER . DO YOU SPEAK IT ? 
Without you I'll be miserable , at best . 
Will you think of me , in time ? It's never my luck . So nevermind . 
What a disaster it would be if you discovered that I cared . A little too much for friends , but not enough to share . 
Let's get wrekced on poptarts and sex . 
Let's get wrecked on Poptarts and sex . 
We carried it all so well ...... 
and I'll laugh all the way to hell 
* Status that doesn't reflect weather/break * 
Walk the coolest walk that you know 
It's a bitch when that one person doesn't like you . It's even worse when they have a good reason for it . 
All of my regret will wash away somehow , but I cannot forget the way I feel right now /stopsupdatingstatus 
Hotto peppa 
Looking forward to the next year with my amaaaaazing girlfrind Iralis Vega , I love you baby :3 
Oh sweet school ...... how I didn't miss you at all 
So I've completely fallen for somebody I've never met ..... and I couldn't be more thrilled about it and 
I have a tendancy to wear my mind up my sleeve , I have a history of taking off my shirt . 
Thinking of you , wherever you are .... 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter As long as I'm laughin ' with you 
24 hours , and I'll be with her :D 
backfrombestdayofmylife 
When I'm holdin your hand I know that it's forever 
Off to prom o: 
backfrombestnightevar o: 
So there's this girl Iralis , and she's kinda sorta my everything and I wanted to say I love her more than absolutely anything :3 
oh darling I wish you were here 
And now to sit in constant anticipation of Tuesday : c 
So , tomorrow should pretty much be the best day ever . 
reliablity .. if only 
would it be okay , if I took your breath away ? 
and back home I go .. not sure when I'll make it back here , but we'll see . I love you Iralis 
Good to be back .. gonna stick with I love you Iralis 
now has his very own laptop . weeee 
What's on my mind ? 
come on Saturday 
Well , tomorrow should pretty much be the best day ever 
woo best day ever ~ 
Yay my first day of school .. at home sitting on the computer . 
annnd\ 
back to having no idea when I'll have internet again . Sticking with the\ 
always fun , always true , I love you Iralis Vega ... I could have totally made \ 
that rhyme 
You keep me wide awake and waiting for the sun 
So .. it turns out my school has a Pirate Club . 
So I drive all night , down that road 
Black people music .. I can no longer abstain from raising my hands : c 
Miss you .. 
Happy . Happy . Happy . Happy . Happy . 
I said a beef , hotlink 
Jamming with Dylan ... like a boss . 
For the first time in like , ever , I don't think I can pull off a song for this situation 
What do I do now .. 
Needs more loud music 
So I've finally entered the 21st century . \ 
\ 
Dear home Cable and Internet , \ 
Never leave again\ 
ever 
I am so damn happ- NOT AS HAPPY AS ME 
Change .. is an interesting thing 
Watching Dancing With the Stars , cause I'm a fucking a man . 
It should be a crime to wake up this early .. Dear Public school system , fuck you . 
I was thinkin bout HER ( her ) I was thinkin bout ME ( me ) 
Iralis Vega = Beautiful . 
Beanies are like , instant sexy plus cold protection . 
You know when you have that craving for chocolate , or ice cream , or whatever , and you go to stare at the fridge , even though you already know there's nothing in there , just to stare .. and hope maybe something will magically appear . Well yeah , Oreo Ice cream sandwiches magically appeared in my fucking freezer . 
So MTV Hits just played WHIP IT .. WHIP IT GOOD , and followed with I'M GOIN OFF THE RAILS ON A CRAZY TRAIIIN . ignoring the initial wtf of MTV playing something that came out more than a week ago ... wtf 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Menaj , stop being ever every song ever . Thank you . 
POP jiggle jiggle 
It's like I've waited my whole life , just for this one night . It's just me you and a dance floor . 
So that was a pretty badass birthday . Thanks to the masses of happy birthdays . Time to retire to the bat cave . 
I need something to do for 6 minutes .. 5 now 
So I kinda sorta get to see that girl I like for the first time in about three months tomorrow :3 
Back from best day ever with Iralis Vega B ) 
( Insert status not involving the holiday ) 
There's some kind of magic behind a sandwich and good music 
I need some kind of witty status that makes everybody like it so I can feel good about myself for 20 seconds 
Antes que pase más tiempo contigo amor\ 
Tengo que decir que eres el amor de mi < PROPFEMALE > da\ 
Antes que te ame más , escucha por favor\ 
Déjame decir que todo te di\ 
Y no hay cómo explicar pero menos dudar\ 
Simplemente así lo sentí , cuando te < PROPFEMALE > 
I leave in your hands my < PROPFEMALE > because I live\ 
To be always , always , always with you my love 
So like , it's not snowing . 
Iralis Vega is beautiful . 
loves Iralis Vega more than anything . EVER . period . 
I love sitting at home with absolutely nothing to do . 
Wishing a certain someone could share Christmas with me 
loves Iralis Vega more than absolutely an . y . thing . so glad I gots to see you today , happy birthday beautiful :3 /bestdayever 
I only want you to see\ 
my favorite part of me\ 
and not my ugly side 
Hi , I'm a teenage girl . < PROPFEMALE > just txtd me saying she kissed Johny , well that's a problem , because I like Johny . Now I'm emotionally compromised . 
Twix are amazing . 
HEY NOW , YOU'RE AN ALL < PROPFEMALE > , GET YOUR GAME ON , GO PLAY 
I'm outside of your window with my radio 
Why are saltines so amazing ? 
Dear Paper Towns , thank you for costing $7.04 so that my order was 24.99 on my $25 gift card 
Happy one year anniversary Iralis Vega :3 It's been a great one , but not as great as what comes next 
Woo Paper Towns arrival 
i Believe in random Capitalization . 
Considering the subject matter , you have to wonder about the irony of finishing Paper Towns and holding it as one of the best books you've ever read 
Being handsomer than a dog ? child's play . Being handsomer than any dog , chicken , or Giraffe ? amazing . 
Bloomin < PROPMALE > , she's a bit of a .. what do you call it ?.. a whore 
\What do you do 
Dear Iralis Vega , you are my world , I love you more than absolutely anything and I owe you more than my life . I'll be yours for always , be my < PROPFIRST > ? :3 
