my head fuckin hurt but i could keep on spitting im torn up inside i wanna keep on swinging ima cop killer for life dis shit is true ima wait for my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > i catch dat faggot on snooze 

Man Fuck 5-0 
Were Dem Paritiez @ ? 
< PROPMALE > I MADE A FACE BOOK !!!!!!!! 
Gotta Clean My Room 
Gotta Get Ready To Go To Work 
Happy ass hell to be out of wrk :-) 
On my way back to da Hood suckz that I work from 7 to 6 pm 
Wrk is crazy as hell just got in n every one is juiced on 3 bottles 
Happy Birthday Becky ..... I have no idea how I'm awake rite now n on my way to work i hope I don't throw up LoL 
Just Woke Up From A Nap Feel Better Had A Nightmare Though 
Wat up Facebook people 
Hate < PROPFEMALE > people ne on dat bullshit status 
WANT A FATASS BLUNT 
Tired from wrk just got home 
Goin Into Wrk Wont Get Out Till 3 
Drove onda express yesterday for da first time by myself :-) 
She's on my mind but I wonder if I'm on hers 
Success is pushing pass the bullshit and not being afraid to strive towards ur goal 
Ipod but no headphones : -( 
Just bought a green shirt :-) 
Ipod But No Headphones Fuck I Just Found Em Yesterday Too 
Gurls are confusing 
Want beer !!! 
< PROPMALE > get off Facebook 
At the docters for an appointment 
Had yesterday off n took today off too 
Just woke up from a nap feelin really good 
Im Not A Gangsta Im A Mutha Fukin Mobsta I Dnt Drop Niggahs In Da Streets I Make Em Disappear Im Heartless Cause Im A Monsta 
Really Need New Pants 
My body rejects everything I eat or drink 
Saw the ugliest fuckin animal in my life half scorpion halt spider 
Rain Rain Go Away I Have To Go To Work 2day 
so tired walking home from work takes alot of energy 
So Close To My Goal Cant Stop Now Gotta Collect Dat 300 
Looking For A Bad Ass Haunted House For Friday Nybody Know Any ? 
Were Da haunted houses 
Was last nite worth it ? 
Dam Da sun hurt my eyes 
It aint easy but hard work has to pay off if not what the fuck is the point ? 
Man y do I get dat shitty feeling 
The day just started but I wish it was over 
I Need It More Than Ever There Has To Be Different Opportunities 
Man wat the fuck happened dis morning ? 
If any one know were dey hiring plz let me know 
Its almost impossible to keep moving forward when there are so many challenges ahead of you one just has to remember that the end of the road is smoother than the begging 
Obstacles in life are challenges that can be overcome they determine wat kind of a person you really are and can provide strength and motivation if u attack 
Straight on bit must important they destine your path and put u on the road that u are best fit to walk 
Tired work drags need a better job 
Wat a small little world didn't know I'd run into a friend 2day 
Qm 
So I See Hmm Bogaz 
Gotta get my shit 2gether 
Im at that point were i just dont give a fuck anymore anything i do now can change me for better or for worst 
Da one thing I hate in dis world is bein lied to I'm always on front wit my shit y can't ppl be the same let me find out n I snap on a niggah no < PROPFEMALE > who it be 
2many things happining @ once I'm not sure wat to do God plz guide me 
Love dat steak n egger 
fuck < PROPFIRST > feelin like shit rite now 
Hope I Find The Rite One One Day 
Finally done cleaning after about 4 hours 
Learn n keep moving 
dat morning work out watching tv lifting up the remote 
Hey Berto I found Internet and your signed in , so after beatin ur ass yesterday I'm not tired 
Should I get payback ... Hmmmm ( this isn't beto ) 
Gucci mane copied my hair do 
man fuck dis shit man everbody needa leave go on a vacation or something fuck 
Loving the new phone 
Football !!!!!! 
Haha texting is to much fun with a keyboard 
a boring day but not a wasteful day new knowledge learned for investments 
My stomach hurt n im sick 
Love pandora knows what I like well most of the time 
Haha my stomach do feel better 
Too tired think I got a fever :-( sergios a bitch 
Need movies 
Need more movies 
Second day of being sick sorry to my niggahs can't come out today 
Lost 5 pounds in 2 days 
Hungry but can't eat anything this shit sucks 
4.80 
All I see is snow and pictures of snow 
shoes clothes and hats 
Haha love spending money 
Gonna look stunna 
< PROPFEMALE > is pretty cool 
Haha < PROPFEMALE > you shoulda warned me I woulda ran faster 
Feel like going to the movies anyone wanna go ? 
i dont think your beautifull i think your beyond it 
T.I. is a beast 
One day I will find her she will be my everything and the only thing that I could need until then I < PROPMALE > the money 
I know who the fuck I am who are you ? 
Need my own apartment so I can go deaf from loud music 
Holy jesus people I thought it was Thursday 
Gotta stop gettin on face book b4 I sleep gives me weird dreams 
Fuck just popped the subwoofer in my system to 6 foot 7 foot 
hot date @ court lol 
ignorance is you and im just unpredictable 
One must have discipline to overcome temotation 
Muh hahahahahahaha 
At the end of the day all a person is a protector 
Hot dogs are the shit if you know how to prepare them 
Damn I need a haircut 
Green beans < PROPMALE > n cheese mash potatoes and corn damn my mama hooked it up 
Remember to vote today 
IMA A REVOLUTIONIST G.S.A 
Can't sleep might need a 40 
Love music in the morning 
1 Thessalonians 5:16 -18 ()\ 
16 Rejoice always , 17 pray without ceasing , 18 give thanks in all circumstances ; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you . #Bible http://j.mp/glRarZ 
With the brotha's and sista's this morning 
Soar with a headache 
I love spaghetti 
People keep telling me I look thinner but all I do is eat 
Haha just stuffed myself with a pizza from sabrro and a panda bowl 
Indirrecta 
I'm so bored on a Friday I wanna do somethin anybody got ideas ? 
Every body in my house is sick 
Slept for 12 hours bout to get more sleep in 
Remedy for sickness : 7 up plus gatorade whoopin peoples ass on halo reach a double bacon cheese burger from culvers and 15 hours of sleep :-) 
Wtf can't go back to sleep dreamt zombies were chasing me 
Im SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO bored 
shaman < PROPMALE > 
Damn wtf with these zombie dreams they don't let me sleep 
I wiegh 158 
Anybody wanna go see battle los < PROPFEMALE > @ midnight ? 
Any one know where they hiring i need a job 
Bush light is nasty 
Damn hic cups 
Damn I cant believe i was actually anorexic = secret to weight loss 
How is it that some media such as movies and music had refrence to the world trade center bombing before it actually happined ? Two such examples are godzilla movie and juicy by biggie music 
Damn I'm sorry < PROPFIRST > I thought they were playing R.I.P bro 
Y am I so nice ? I have to be more sinister 
All set for summer semester just have to wait till june 
Novus Societatis \ 
\ 
Knowledge is the only way of living 
Warrent for my arrest what ????? The law ain't gon find me anytime soon 
Another day @ court when will it ever end ? 
Flame ass panda bowl 
any one know where they are hiring ? 
Feeling blue on 420 . How is that possible ? 
im addicted to cookies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@ steak n egger 
