now has air conditioning . Success ? I think yes . 

life is a debate . 
HOME ! 
July 16th & 17th = two best days of my summer =) 
\I'll be better when I'm older ; I'll be the greatest fan of your life . \"" 
But if ever you should stray , just sing along and I will play ; look into your hands , I'm slipping through like a < PROPFEMALE > grain of sand . 
\Maybe it's because I'm crazy ; Maybe it's because I just can't honestly tell you what I want . \"" 
not all anniversaries are happy . 
rode a mechanical bull . Hahaha 
The world is spinning , turning day to night , and my thoughts are running at the speed of light . Got an empty feeling that I never want to fill . Absolutely still . 
Nobody said it was easy . No one ever said it would be this hard . Oh , take me back to the start . 
wildlife photographer tbs tribute . hahahaha 
cta adventure to loyola in t-48 minutes . 
cta adventure = SUCCESS ! 
has officially sent in her first college app . 
5 college apps done . Most productive weekend of my life , legit . 
what a day . 
7 out of 8 apps done . Not bad . 
Now your world is way to fast . Nothing's real and nothing lasts , and I'm aware . 
booking flights to Texas and Boston =) 
And I will never see the sky the same way . And I will learn to say goodbye to yesterday , and I will never cease to fly if held down , and I will always reach too high , ' cause I've seen twilight . 
our lives are jokes . lol . 
Every day we wait if it takes too long . Just tell me something new . Forget about the sunshine when it's gone . 
story of my awkward life . 
work . unbelievably bored . 
big sister little sister banquet tonight ! 
there is no doubt in my mind that my life is a joke . 
homecoming game tonight ! 
cold+rain+spirit sticks+football+being entirely too enthusiastic+friends = epic night 
un-homecoming . 
Hi , my name is ... you won't remember . --- song of the evening ? i think yes . 
fml . 
got into college . 
When the conversation stops and we're facing our defeat , I'll be next to you and you'll be right there next to me . 
Do I seem familiar ? I've crossed you in the hallways a thousand times ; no more camouflage , I want to be exposed and not afraid to fall . 
Think of me when you're out , when you're out there . I'll beg you nice from my knees . And when the world treats you way too fairly , well it's a shame , I'm a dream . 
leaving tonight for < PROPMALE > . 
in < PROPMALE > ! Leaving for Boston tomorrow morning . =) 
home . 
extremely loud and incredibly close 
Goodbye , Parlour . It's been fun . 
wonders if the couple from the train ever made it home , lol . downtown adventures = success . 
creativity > productivity 
Today was a really draining day , but the events and the people have made me more proud than ever to call myself a Benet student . 
project runway : burrito edition . 
won for Best Menu Item Costume at Chipotle . Success . 
Throckmorton can go die . 
going to Loyola tonight ! 
at loyola =) 
But drenched in vanilla twilight I'll sit on the front porch all night , waist-deep in thought because when I think of you I don't feel so alone . 
leaving for logos tomorrow ! 
logos was fantastic . hope it was equally amazing for all my fellow retreaters and new friends . =) 
And the apps are ( finally ) done . Success . 
watched the ' Bad Romance ' music video again . Weirdest thing I've ever seen . I'm disturbed . 
For you I'd wait ' til kingdom come until my days , my days are done . And say you'll come and set me free . Just say you'll wait , you'll wait for me . 
had an epic day . 
My mind is fried . Slap-Happy has replaced Stressed . Wooo . 
Smiling . =) 
Appalachia here I come ! Yay ! 
is leaving for Ohio ! 
boredom . 
wait , school ? what ? 
wait , so , finals this week ? this is a joke , right ? 
so that whole plan about going engineering ? not sure how likely that is after I flunk my physics final tomorrow ... 
skipped through every intersection between Millenium Park and Union Station this afternoon . Epic day . =) 
' Cause these are the days worth living . These are the years we're given . ' Cause these are the moments , these are the times . Let's make the best out of our lives . 
All I've got are these photographs . 
Darling ... I don't know how to tell you this , but there's a Chinese family in our bathroom . 
Karaoke at Suparossa = Epic 
There's some things we don't talk about , rather do without , and just hold the smile . 
Can I just skip tomorrow and go straight to the weekend ? That would be great . 
We did it , honeybee . 
sitting here with my bracket , the Tribune Sports Section , Vegas odds , and team statistics , making my picks . Let March Madness begin . 
You're only as tall as your heart will let you be , and you're only as small as the world will make you seem . 
Mr. Redwing was utterly fantastic . =) 
APPALACHIA ! 
had an amazing time in Appalachia ! 
loves Logos . 
FML 
a bus breakdown , people watching at a nerd convention , witnessing a random protest to legalize marijuana , trying Cocomero for the first time , dancing like a fool during a 3-hour drive , and sneaking through the woods to frighten unsuspecting friends . That was quite a day . 
had a fantastic day . =) 
oh hello , officer . why don't you just give me a ticket to start the weekend off right ? great . 
Prom tonight ! =) 
had an amazing Prom weekend ! 
California , Central Park , and ( last but not least ) Cicero , all in one day . I call that a success . 
is done with high school . 
I can hardly believe that my time at Benet is officially over . It was a great four years with an incredible group of people and amazing friends . Congrats to us , class of 2010 ! 
THE STREETS 
ZOMBIE MARCH ! 
the last hurrah = success . 
Today's the day . 
sort of panicked . 
had a good night . 
has ditched the crutches . 
may have just watched her summer die before her very eyes . 
Anyone can celebrate the 4th with fireworks . But we also celebrated with Chat Roulette . Potentially scarred for life . 
He's some guy she met at the gym with < PROPMALE > Pitt's face and Jesus ' abs . 
is no longer a tubing virgin . 
just ordered my < PROPMALE > . =) 
back in the < PROPFIRST > . 
on my new < PROPMALE > ! 
less than one week left . 
Oh hi , Facebook . 
Here's to the nights we felt alive . Here's to the tears you knew you'd cry . Here's to goodbye ; tomorrow's gonna come too soon . 
stressing . 
is headed for the land of the Bearcats . Cincinnati for the weekend ! 
BEAT TEXAS 
This apparently just isn't my week . 
I was just told by some random kid in the elevator that between my sarcasm and my Northern accent I sound like < PROPFEMALE > Fey . I'll take this as a compliment . 
Severe insomnia . Great . Just great . 
will be boarding a plane to go back to Chicago one week from this moment . =) 
\I just wanna keep him as a pet . \ " - Berit Pearcy . Because it's perfectly normal to want to domesticate your substitute physics professor ... hahahaha . " 
goes back to the < PROPFIRST > today . =) 
is , at long last , home . 
loves being home and getting to see all her favorites =) . What a fun night . 
We'll have the days we break , and we'll have the scars to prove it . We'll have the bonds that we save , but we'll have the heart not to lose it . 
Fact : anything can be made more epic by playing the Inception soundtrack in the background . 
is in dire need of Christmas break right about now . 
sleep is overrated . 
thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Sweeney , < PROPFIRST > Torbik , < PROPMALE > O'Dea , < PROPFIRST > Sweet , < PROPFIRST > Behna , < PROPMALE > Ells , and everyone else who made turning 19 so fun =) 
After my four years at the Acad , which required a blizzard to have a snow day , this just seems too easy . No classes due to a 1 inch dusting . 
not at all ready for this coming week . 
is officially an Architectural Engineering < PROPMALE > . 
gets to see < PROPFEMALE > Sweeney today ! Can't wait =) 
Today's Scores --- The Universe : 90190321904 , Amy : 0 . Shut out like no other . 
as < PROPMALE > would say , I'm not just driving the struggle bus , I'm conducting the struggle train . 
