Happy new year ! 

bored 
still bored 
i am officially bored . 
at least they ain't having school tomorrow 
bored and playin left 4 dead 
got pinned by a < PROPMALE > 
got smoked 
then tanked 
owned 
nobodies left ... 
well i think ill go to bed now 
just woke up 
R . I . P old knife 
about to go outside probably 
y do my lungs hurt ? 
SMOKING IS FOR LOSERS WHO THINK IT CAN SOLVE THEIR PROBLEMS BUT IT REALLY DOESNT IF YOUR ONE OF THE FEW THAT ARE AGAINST SMOKING POST THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND YOUR FRIENDS AS WELL ? 
still awake 
goin to bed now 4:02 
just woke up about to have to leave tho 
ima get off right now be back on soon 
back 
well im sick again 
goin to bed 
goin outside be back soon 
im back 
goin to sleep good night 
be back soon 
not feelin so good ... 
goin to bed peace 
gonna go to bed now goodnight 
goin outside 
restin 
not mad any more 
bored still ... 
goin to bed now 
just got out of bed 
k im back 
Back 
Just got home from eye doctor . goin outside 
Goin over to stevens house 
ok im back 
just got home 
goin outside again 
im goin to bed now 
never mind too < PROPFEMALE > 
holy crap uve been sitting here for like 2 hours drawing ... 
6/7 of my bb guns dont work gonna go unjam em later 
4/7 bb guns work now 
i found a store that sells tarantulas and scorpions now to pick which one ... 
jsut got home 
just got home bus ride was fun we were throwing nails and screws haha 
pissed off 
im goin to bed at least it friday 
they will pay 
bored and still kinda mad 
idk wat to do 
got my glasses not gonna wear em 
im bored anybody wanna talk ? 
need new partners making video games anyone interested ? 
Just got Mass Effect 2 :) 
Just finished Mass effect 2 !!! :) 
it sucks mr. littleton resigned 
Figured out how to pick a lock now i can unlock that box i lost the key to :) 
i just found a giant hook on the floor ... the hell ? 
think i'll play through mass effect 2 again 
bored , nobody online to talk to 
just made a new pair of nunchaku . 
nunchucks broke 
really tired jsut got back from playin football wit < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > 
quote from mass effect 2 : The Illusive Man : Shepard , you're making a habit of costing me more than time and money . Commander Shepard : I'm sorry , I'm having trouble hearing you- I'm getting a lot of bullsht on this line . 
another Mass effect 2 quote : Flight Lieutenant < PROPMALE > ' Joker ' Moreau : Another dangerous alien aboard , Commander . Thanks . Why can't you collect coins or commemorative plates or something ? 
Mass effect 2 : C-sec operative : I'm sorry sir I think there's a glitch in the system , it says that you're dead . Shepard : I've been getting that alot lately . 
that f @g on the bus gonna get his @ss beat 
tired from bein at < PROPFIRST>'s house 
i got a new knife at walmart it has a serrated blade also only $1.00 ! 
found a gas can . reminds me of the time i almost accidentaly lit my pants on fire . 
had fun outside chopped down a tree with my hatchet 
got a $15 mp3 player . no screen but at least it works . 
To all runescape friends : Im going to start playing again . We need to set up a meeting . contact me if you want to help . 
Well two days of school left . Been a long school year . 
Well this sucks < PROPFIRST>'s movin either today or tomorrow . 
everyone read my bio on my info tab . 
They call me < PROPFIRST > the skinny fat boy 
kinect for Xbox 360 coming out nov . 4 2010 
Like this status if you think i'm insane/pyscho DO IT . 
thinking about getting a Nintendo system . yes i know , shocking to hear from me isn't it ? 
about time i got my internet fixed been 18 days . 
another boring school year 
starting a band with tristen called six solid reasons to run anyone interested ? 
Just got back from the flea market 
Finished reading old yeller in literacy today the end was sad :( 
if you search up < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > feltman on google images at school it blocks it because of weapons and guns idk why 
Just woke up in the floor ... 
Attempting to build weapons out of scrap metal . 
Finished my scrap metal knife with some help from my dad . The blade is 6 inches and the handle is 4 . 
Just got back from the lake 
probably getting dreads in a week or so . 
goin skatin around 7 
Just got back from skating it was pretty cool . 
Whew just got back from < PROPFIRST > McCarty's house had like a party in front of the fire with Kobe , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Corley , and her friend . It was awesome !!! I think < PROPFEMALE > Corley's going to post a vid later . 
My left hand is getting messed up alot . 
Found a new mmo called wurm online its awesome ! 
Got a new bow , some arrows , and a hand guard . Gonna go shoot at stuff later . 
People keep telling me I should become more optimistic . Well , if you were me , do you think you'd be optimistic ? 
< PROPMALE > Brown says whats up ? 
Dead frontier 3d beta !!! WOO !!! 
Happy bday to everyone with a birthday today ! 
Just got back in from lighting a fire in my backyard . I almost burnt my eyebrows off and i kinda burnt the end of my hair although its minor you can't even see it . All in all it was fun . 
Finally 100 friends ! 
I've had just about enough of that school . 
I don't think any of this is real anymore . 
Onwards to Valhalla ! 
Just downloaded Unity 3.0 
Lol I get the feeling mr. < PROPMALE > is gonna give me weird looks from now on 
Just finished playing football . 
Tired 
Had fun . Tired now . 
Well I had a pretty good weekend . 
Got two throwing knives now . 
Played some football earlier it was fun . I got my tooth bent in more I think though lol . 
Watching the walking dead 
Drawing time 
Sharpening my survival gear 
Building a repeating crossbow 
Not really feeling well ... :( 
L.N.C. <3 
Got a new phone 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Watching movies on fearnet 
Spending the night at < PROPFIRST > McCarty ' s house with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
Well I just fell in my friends creek and now I have to walk about a mile home haha 
Finished Gears of war . Pretty awesome game . Now on to Gears 2 . 
I took a walk up the road and found a hacksaw 
