Going shopping for the dorm room ! =) 

Is missing her friends , old and new ... 
Passed my library final !!! 
now is not the time for my printer to break !!! 
it's to the point where whatever happens , happens ... 
I'm officially finished with my first semester at ISU . It's about time !! 
First of all , that math teacher was a total creeper , wednesday night proved that . Second , he is the most lazy person I know . 
Rule number one , never put stuff in the stockings when the dog can reach them ! 
I have enough love spell to last me for the next few years ! Thanks Mom !! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
In a few more days 2009 will be over . This year had it's ups and downs , good times and bad . 2010 , I can't wait to see what you bring ... 
Getting mentally prepared for working at Carnforth tomorrow night , I apologize in advance for any mood swings I may have tomorrow lol 
Really wishing that my car would start 
I have the whole house to myself and I'm bored beyond belief , go figure ... 
What a perfect way to end math class !!! 
hmm .. what to do , what to do .... 
I have blood on my brand new shoes !! What the hey !!! 
Move on from the past and look to the future . This is a new year . Live it , learn from it , love it . 
To all the girls that are jumping over puddles of water and slush , JUST WALK THROUGH IT !! It's not going to kill you lol 
To the karate kid in the commons , you make me smile lol 
oh my wow , what . a . night . 
Ich hasse Mathematik !!! 
Don't fall asleep in the middle of the day , you get nightmares and sleep through your alarm ... 
I was in heaven during dinner . Not one , not two , but THREE men in uniform sitting at our table . Highlight of my night !! 
Read a chapter in music , one in psych , forcasted for tomorrow , did the contouring assignment , and 1 1/2 math assignments . I'm such a nerd .. 
so , watched a video on child birth today in psych .... yeah , not having kids for at least 10 years .. 
1 more day at Carnforth , 5 more days at Lake Iowa , and 13 more days in Ladora . Wow .. 
I , an animal lover , had to take a beagle to the pound today at work . Imagine how well I felt after leaving it there lol 
Going out tonight with the girls !! High heels ? Possibly ... 
Great night out with < PROPFEMALE > Grabbert , < PROPFIRST > Kragel , and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
There's a storm coming , like I'm going to want to do homework ! lol 
Für den Fleißigen hat die Woche sieben Heute ; für den Faulen hat sie sieben morgen . 
2 more days !! Never thought I would be this excited to go back to Ladora ! 
Agronomy , I took you down !!!!! 
Epic Weekend . Had a blast with < PROPFIRST > Kragel , < PROPFEMALE > Grabbert , < PROPFEMALE > Beeler , and < PROPMALE > Miller ! 
when we were little .. war was only a card game , the only drug we knew was cough medicine , wearing a skirt didnt make you a slut , the only things that hurt were skinned knees and goodbyes only meant til tomorrow .. and to think we couldnt wait to grow up .. 
< PROPMALE > year , I can't wait to meet you . Mainly because you come with an apartment , away from silly freshmen =) 
Home . Family . < PROPMALE > . All the things that are most important in my life are just a few days away ! 
Dear Lumina , I'm sorry things didn't work out . I'm tired of you always crapping out when I need you . I've found someone new , and it comes with less mileage . Goodbye Lumina , it was a great 4 years .. 
Not sure who has control over my life at the moment , if I do or if Agronomy does .. 
Yay for things finally falling into place ! 
Sitting on main floor of Larch doing homework kinda makes me miss < PROPFEMALE > Murillo , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Jabed Sarmiento .. 
One test down , six to go .. 
And bio lab starts again ! Love that it's my only class for the day !! 
3 days till I'm home to celebrate the birthday early with < PROPFIRST > Stratton and our family ! 
2 exams , 1 class , 1 meeting and 90 some < PROPMALE > . Then I'll be home sweet home 
If anyone understands genetic code and how to determine what polypeptide will result from mRNA , please help ... 
