Working from home and watching the storm ... seeing if I am going to loose internet service ... auntie em .. auntie em ... follow the yellow brick road 

Sitting home planning a cruise to Ireland . 
I am dreaming of a vacation soooooonnnnnnn .... nice island or something with a lot of margarita’s .... lol 
gotta love Monday's ... NOT 
Just made my niece a big cheese burger !! 
Maybe making brownies tonight !! 
I'm bummed out that my work laptop hard drive crashed and I can't work from home tomorrow . :( Now I have to go into the office .. that sucks ! 
waiting for the long weekend ... and having fun !!! 
Just got done making coleslaw for picnic tomorrow , potato salad is next . Gotta love it !!! 
Ahhhh Sun , blue skies !! 
It's a very lovely Monday morning ... Is there such a thing ? 
I am making a mean ass of chillie .. then maybe brownies ... for all of you know my brownies ... 
ughhh ... I just went and bought a new refridge ... my decided to quit lastnight ... ugghhh ... but at least the new one will be delivered tomorrow .. and I have another one in the garage to hold things over until then ... but I don't know how the beer or the wine coolers are going to stay cold ... sorry little guys , the food comes first ... 
Remove < PROPFEMALE > Fleming-Keller < PROPFEMALE > just earned the ' Tree Hugger ' yellow ribbon in FarmVille ! < PROPFEMALE > got a big ol ' reward for being such a great farmer and wants to share their success with you ! about an hour ago · Comment · Like / Unlike · Get a bonus from < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Can not sleep .. I have been up since 1 am ... 
Montgomery Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow . You can adopt for free TODAY between 12 and 4 . They will be euthanizing all animals without a home !!! Repost !! Go save a life !!! 80 dogs and 30 cats ......... Montgomery Township Pound 2261 Route 206 < PROPFEMALE > mead , New Jersey 08502 Phone : 908-359-4308Read MoreMontgomery Animal Shelter !!! ( NJ ) FREE ADOPTION . CLOSING DOWN Source : newjersey.craigslist.org 
is eating kielbasa and sauerkraut and perogies .... yummy .. All I need is a beer .. 
My niece got her drivers license today !!! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > way to go !! Now when are you coming down and we can go to the flea market !! Also Pop said way to go , he is very proud of you !! 
Can't sleep the damn neighbors keep fighting and keeping me awake !! Nice right ? 
is making cinnamon rolls .. yummy .. 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! what you're like 27 yrs old now ??? 
I am so in the mood for Cold Stone !!!! I remember the Cold Stone runs at Pfizer .. 
Ugghhh ... The coffee pot is not working .... Everything seems to be breaking !! 
Ahhh what a beautiful day !!! Happy Early Birthday < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ( my sisters) !! Dad and I are am taking them to the casino today and then to Emeril's resturant for some dinner !! We are going to have a great time !!! 
Yesterday was a lot of fun at the casino and we had a nice dinner at Emeril's resturant ...... 
is listening to her dog snore . I think she might have sleep apnea . 
Watching the missile hit the < PROPFEMALE > .. 
It's official it is SNOWING IN LONG VALLEY .... YUK 
Alright now I am really going to bed !! 
Now I am really really going to bed ... 
My sister-in-law Hope Hamtil Fleming I was looking for a pickup with a pitch fork hole on the tire well . and I replied , < PROPFEMALE > Fleming-Keller Well , you don't have to look too hard , there is one parked in my driveway !! Big < PROPMALE > wanted a little bit more religion in his life , so I made his truck a little bit holy .. lol 
is eating chocolates that her manager brought back from Belgium .. The box is almost gone .. sigh .. damn these things are good . 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes .. So far I am having a great Birthday !! 
is watching the snow in Long Valley ... 
The apple pie that I made yesterday came out pretty good ! 
hmmm ... nice hot cup of coffee and off to work !! 
OMG ... I just saw the name \Dick Stanley\ " listed in the corporate directory here at J&J ... Can it be ?? No .. Maybe ... If any of you from Pfizer remember him he really lived up to his name ... LOL " 
Wooo Hooo it's a great day outside !! LOVING IT !! Going shopping later for a leafblowerr , kitchen-aiid mixer with attachments to make own sausages . ect ... so excited !!!! 
Just put the Apple < PROPFEMALE > pie in the oven and on to make the coconut custard pie .. 
The apple < PROPFEMALE > pie turned out really really good .... I just took the coconut custard pie out of the oven .... yummy ... next is chocolate chip cookies ... 
Went to AC over the weekend and had a really fun time !! < PROPFIRST > won not just once but twice on the < PROPFEMALE > slots .... lol .... he won $1200 buck ... lol ... that is a whole lot of < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
I have home made brownies !!! Does anyone want any ???? Yummy 
I went to < PROPFIRST>'s property in upper state NY and I got to shoot my first riffle and shot gun and it was AWESOME .... 
Happy Thanksgiving ... I am going on a cruise in Feb . with my boyfreind from Staten Island 
is on her way back to NJ from Staten Island .... Stopping at Border's to get < PROPFEMALE > some more books and then Jersey bound . 
needs presents to go under my Christmas Tree . 
needs Chistmas presents for her tree ... 
I need a snow shovel .. is that one the gifts that you can send through farmville ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!!!!!!!!! I hope you Christmas is a special one !!! Just remember family is what makes the holidays the best !!! 
sitting in the living room with < PROPFIRST > and Dad .... Dad is on his new laptop playing poker and watching the cooking channel .... life is good for him right now . Next is to get him on farmville and get his own farm .... 
I think now that Christmas is over with and the New Year is coming up on us , we should get the old Pfizer clan together for a little outing !!! What does everyone think ?? We could do Vanderbuilts lets say third week in January !! 
Did not go out lastnight liked planned ... Hopefully this New Year will be better ... God only knows .... 
R.I.P. zu zu pet !! Actually the little dog killed it and not the 135lb rotti .... lmao ... the devil dog rules the house .. 
is looking to go on a cruise deal ... don't know where or how long ... but hopefully find a good deal . 
is watching the dog move around the couch to get a toy !! LOL .. 
Mexico is my perfect place to live according to the International Living Find Your Perfect Place to Live Overseas Quiz . Click the link to discover where you can live better for less . http://apps.facebook.com/live_overseas/ 
Nerves are shot !!!! 
is going to bed ... Not feeling too well ... 
Purple 
Can you believe that this is all my brothers and sisters ????? It really is !!!! It is not like the < PROPMALE > bunch because we were a lot more than the six of them ....... 
The owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status . You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour . Lets all do our bit to help . REPOST PEOPLE PLEASE .. 
I need 7 more people to help with my barn raising , please help . 
Going to see Dad !!! 
Ugghhh ... Can't sleep been up since 2 am ... 
Does anyone know how to lock the avatar in farmville ???? 
What do my farmville friends want for gifts .... 
what does all my farmville friends want as a gift ??? 
Is anyone having troubles with things not posting from farmville ? 
OK ... who claimed < PROPMALE>'s gnome .... fess up .... 
How many of us really know all the people on our friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you ...... I want all of the people on my list to post how you met me .. after you have completed this , repost this in your status box ..... I did it already with some people on their list , pretty fun !!! 
Happy Easter everyone !!!! We are going to my sisters and having dinner with the family . 
Ok ... the Prime Rib is starting to cook for Easter lunch today ... It is huge , it will take a couple of hours to cook ... 
No homemade brownies this Easter :( 
It was so nice to see my Nephew < PROPFIRST > yesterday , I have not seen him in almost a year . He has grown up a lot .... Hey Gar when are you coming down ? 
actually misses Pfizer days . 
8 Days until I go on a cruise to Western Carribean ... wooo hoo ... Going to have a great time ! I really need this break bad !! 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear ur voice again . I thought of U today , but that is nothing new . I thought about U yesterday , and days before that too . I think of U in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has ... you in his arms , I have you in my heart . Re-post if you have someone in Heaven 
Ok ... Well I am off on my cruise at 4 am , when the car service comes to pick us up . Then we are Ft . Lauderdale bound and then to the < PROPMALE > Carribean ship ... Then we are gone for 5 days and having a great time ... all we need to know is \Cabana Boy\ " .. that is the most important thing ... well that is what < PROPFIRST > says ... " 
Well ... it is 4 am and we are off on our cruise ... I will try to post pics throughout the cruise .. Everyone have a nice week and I will talk to everyone when we return .. 
For all those men who say \why marry thecow\ 
hmmmmm brownies ......... I am in the mood for brownies 
Maretta , Stay home all day and make sure you answer the door !!!! Don't worry it is not the boogy man ....... Love you and miss you ! Dad , < PROPFIRST > and ME !!!!!!! 
Just went for a ride in Dads Model A .... I sat in the rumble seat .. Lots of fun ! 
Went fishing tonight and < PROPFIRST > caught two trout , one rainbow and brown trout .... yummmy .. 
< PROPFIRST > is working very hard on planting the garden !! He already has the herbs planted in the planter and now he is working on the veggie plants in the fenced in garden . He is such a great guy .. 
Is just about to eat steaks with my cousin George .. I am so excited because I have not seen him since last year ... 
My commute to work really stinks !! lol ... jk .. It takes me two seconds , from the bedroom to the livingroom ... NICE 
Having Braut's and eggs for breakfast this morning .... mmmmm . good ... 
just finished her hot fudge sunday from DQ ... yummy 
\British Petroleum rep < PROPFIRST > Prescott shrugged off the oil spill by saying 
Just got back from Spruce Run .. rented a pontoon boat and fished all day ... then came the storm and we were stuck on the otherside of the reservoir .. we had to battle the storm .. but we made it through .. but I lost \wilson\ " the vollyball ... " 
Just got done hemming the next door neighbors pants for a dance ... I knew I was good for something besides brownies ..... lmao .. 
Ok .. it is official .. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Aken owns a boat . < PROPFIRST > , my Dad and my brother < PROPMALE > have been outside with the boat all morning !! 
Might of landed a job telecommuting to Chicago .. woo hoo .. I like telecommuting , and the job pays real well too .. Big thanks goes out to < PROPFIRST > G . and < PROPFIRST > for teaching me Ariba .. I couldn't of gotten this far without you guys .. 
SISTER WEEK if you\ 
have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged\ 
youtight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept\ 
you strong , copy and paste this to your status . sisters are a promise\ 
from god that we will have a forever friend ? 
Happy Fathers Day to all the wonderful fathers out there !! It is a special day for all of them . 
Genpact !!! That is all I have to say ! 
Had KFC for dinner .... yum .. and it was really good too .... 
Can't Sleep :/ ... too much to do ... and kept dreaming about flying in a helecoptor and when I woke up it was < PROPFIRST > snoring . 
Sometimes I don't understand people . You do everything for family/friends and when you ask for one thing they can't even do that . Some people are so selfish and disrespectfull . 
Just got done eating a great big cheeseburger that my father made ith a nice fresh salad .. 
Is at home hanging out with her niece .. 
Here it is 11:30 at night and I still can not sleep , I have been up for over 25 hours . sigh ... 
Here it is 6 am and still have not been able to sleep for two days .. 
My father made an amazing pasta salad , he really out did himself on it . 
Ok ... Since Summer is winding down , how about a Pfizer get together ? Is anyone up for this ? 
Ok .. I am a big fan of skinny jeans , but they make my knees look fat .. lol .. 
Uggghhh !! I wish that the head hunters do not call me for a job in FL , IL , GA and to boot tell me that it is paying $15.00 an hour .... boy that's a deal !!! 
Does anyone know of a good hotel in London that is next to the castle ? 
Ok .. I think it is official .. I think I have a bleeding ulcer .. damn nerves are really starting to get the best of me !!!! Going to the doctors in the morning !! yay just another < PROPMALE > that I have to pay for . I hate looking at things in a negative way , but sometimes it gets the best of me . 
This message is to my family .... I found an old photo album with lots of pictures of all of us . This album is approx 12 - 14 years old , and there are plenty of pics of Mom and < PROPFEMALE > in them .. so stay tuned and I will announce when the pics are posted on face book . 
Wooo Hooo ... Dad is making Cornbeef and cabbage today !! It is going to be so yummy !!! Who said that you can only eat cornbeef on St. Patties day .... He is getting us in the mood for our trip to Ireland !!! Three < PROPFEMALE > Jameson anyone ?? 
Yes ... we had a great meal and some for tomorrow for some sandwiches with mustard .... can't wait !!! YUMMY .... 
I am watching my niece and my father playing cards on the computer cards ... Priceless ... Best thing I very saw ,,,,, They are having a great time !! 
Lastnight my Uncle Nate's Brother passed away and my father and I are deeply saden to have such a wonderful person pass ... My father has always spoke very fondly of < PROPMALE > .. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire family !! 
Does anyone know what I need to bring for a in person appt with unemployment ? I have not done this before . 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED \ 
STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION \ 
UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up \ 
saying this every morning in school -it's a shame we no longer do that \ 
......... for fear of offending someone ) . NOW ..., LET'S SEE HOW MANY \ 
< PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST AND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE 
I just got back from the parade with my father and we were in it with his 1930 Model A ford ... we had a great time at some pulled pork sandwiches that my nephew and his wife < PROPFEMALE > made ... it was awsome !! 
Alrighty you all it is only 2 1/2 more days until I fly to London stay there two days , then go out to the dock then get on the Crown < PROPFEMALE > cruise ship for a 15 day journey . The places we will be stopping at Fumouth ( England ) , Dublin , Belfast , Iceland , Greenland , Canada and then they will be kicking us off the ship in Brookland .... Can not wait .. 
Hi Everyone , We made it to London just fine and we went to the Palace today and then went to the casino . We have to be at the train station by 11 am in the morning , then 2 1/2 hour trip the the cruise dock . Will Post something again tomorrow .. 
Ok ... everyone we are home now ... we had a great time ... everyone did not realize how much time we were going to be gone for ... We both got a really bad cold but believe it or not Dad healed much better than me .... I don't ever take anything for colds or uprsf or pnemonia .... 
Happy Birthday Aunt Roe I miss you very much .... \ 
RIP 
Does anyone know of any jobs out there .... I am going crazy not working ..... 
why are you showing on line ??? 
Woo Hoo !! My nephew < PROPFIRST > won all 5 wrestling matches today !!! GREAT JOB < PROPFIRST > !! 
I like it on the floor or the couch . 
I just figured it out today that I am going to be OK ...... Woooo Hoooo ..... 
Ok ... how do you get a cat out of a 100 ft tree that has been up there for a day ? 
Had a suprise visit from my nephew and his girlfirend and thier new beautiful rotti .... she is so cute ... I would keep her in a heart beat !!! and that goes for my nephew and Sahara tooo .... 
I am making stuffed chocolate chip cookies .... yum yum .... 
Getting ready to go to < PROPFEMALE > and meet up with my sisters to celebrate their birthdays at Mt . Airy Lodge casino ... should be a great time !! 
Tomorrow will 1 yr ago that Mr. Searles passed away , and I want to take a minute to remember him .... R.I.P Mr. Searles you will alway be in my thoughts and prayers .... 
I want my nephews new rotti , she is awsome !!! Love that doggie .... Gary if you get tired of her and want to give her away , I will take her in a heart beat ... 
I had a great time yesterday with my sisters and brother-in-laws and my father at the casino . We had a late lunch then we gambled for a couple of hours !! Just went up to the cemetery and planted \mums\ " at my mothers grave and my grandmothers grave .. " 
Is making spare ribs , perogies , stuffing , and green beans with bacon ... Talk about a heart attack waiting to happen , but it is sooo good ... 
Thinkig of going to Las Vegas with my father .. in November !!! 
Is making home made chili for Dinner with a nice avacodo and fresh bread !!! yum yum yum ... 
is eating left over chillie , rice , avacodo , sour cream and bread ... It is def . better the second day !! 
Is it me or is my dog the only one that sheds all year long ??? 
Why are you all over the place today ??? 
Ok ... I am still trying to figure out who put flowers and oatmeal in my car last night ... does anyone want to fess up ?? 
Ok ... My Father is not feeling too well he has a realy bad cold and a cough .... he keeps claiming a hot totty willl take care of that ... I keep slipping him Theraflu .... hopefuly that will take care of it ... if not then we are going to the Doctors on Monday !!! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes ... Had a great day ! 
You know when you are getting old when you have to put reading glasses on when you look at the computer !!! It just plain sucks ..... 
I have a great big backhoe in my yard right now !! 
Ok ... the first truck load of dirt is being dumped the back yard right now ... I think there is 6 more after this .. 
Yay !! I just paid the property taxes , I am all paid up until Feb . 1st ... wooo hoo .. 
LOVE MY BROTHERWEEK ! If u have a brother who has made u laugh , wiped your tears , hugged u tight , watched u succeed , saw u fail , cheered u on and kept u strong , copy and paste this to your status . brothers are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! Post if you have an Amazing brother !! 
Bad day yesterday ... my new car broke and it is at the dealership , and to boot I woke up with a cold ... yay for me !! And no new jobs in site !! 
Ok ... the car is going to cost over 5000 dollars !!! 
Ugghhh .... My car will not be fixed until next week and 5700 dollars later ... This one bites the big one !! 
I have chicken and stuffing in the oven cooking at a slow heat . Then I will deep fry the french fries an cook up the veggies !!! Can't wait !! If I don't have my car then at least I can cook and bake ... hmmm ... maybe I will make some chocolate chip cookies . 
I could not sleep lastnight so about 1 am in the morning I was flipping through the tv channels . I saw on the kids cartoon channel that they had a infomercial for extenze .. I was shocked !! Wonder why they would put that on a kid channel !! 
Drinking a hot totty , hopefully I will be feeling better soon because this stuff taste like crap !! I took a thera-flu too ... 
Place of birth . Everyone please play ! It will be fun to learn where all your FB friends were born . Copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth : Long Valley , NJ 
Getting rid of the old Explorer !!! Now just need to get my year old car fixed .. 
I just scrubbed the floors like < PROPFEMALE > ... now they are all done ... itt is onto the laundry mountain !!! 
Hello ... is anyone out there ?? I can't sleep and it's killing me !! 
The little piggy goes ... weee ... weee ... all the way home ... that comercial cracks me up everytime that I see it . I think of my niece everytime it is on , we went a mission to find those little spin wheels and could not find them ... 
Is sitting here listening to her dog snore , and it is really loud !! I think she needs one of those machines for sleep apnia ( I think that is how you spell it ) .... lol 
It is pretty sad when it is 3:30 am and you are watching people's court recordings .... sigh .... 
Pink 
Does wood < PROPMALE > s < PROPMALE > wood ??? Does the little piggy go weeee weee all the way home !!! love those comercials ... 
is putting M+M's in alphabetical order ... I'm almost done too !!! 
Ugghhh ... another night without sleep !! I can't take this anymore !!!! 
Uh oh ... just saw the little devil from my left shoulder drop kick the little angel off my right shoulder a minute ago ... this can't be good . 
is going to make that apple pie today that she has been promising her father !! 
Ok ... the apple pie is all made up and is in the oven baking .... should havve homade pie in about 1 1/2 hr . 
Ok ... the pie is out of the oven and looks really good ... I am going have to try a piece , but I better let it sit for a bit .. 
My poor nephew is in ICU . He had to have emergency surgery .... I'm going to see him around 3 pm .. 
My poor nephew is in the hospital in Intensive Care !! He had to have emergency surgery lastnight .... I am going to see him at 3 pm ... Give him lots of hugs and kisses .... 
Just got back from the hospital , < PROPFIRST > is in a lot of pain and still in the ICU . They think that he will be coming home this weekend if everything goes good ...... He should get better now , because I brought him car , tatoo and weird NJ magazines and I also brought my Pink ( lol ) DS so he has something to take his mind off the pain . 
Yummy .... Apple pie and ice cream ... 
Lollipop lollipop\ 
Oh lolli lolli lolli \ 
Lollipop ! * POP*\ 
Badum dum dum \ 
Good luck getting that out of your head ! 
Made it past the second phone interview , now just waiting on what day for the in person interview ... I will have to go down to Delaware for that one ... fingers crossed .. 
Can some one send me a thank you letter for a position that I interviewed for ? My email address is rottidawn@aol.com ... All I need is a template one ... thanks 
Ok this is for my three brothers .... BROTHER'SWEEK-If you have a brother(s ) who has made you laugh , punched \ 
you , stuckup for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , \ 
saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong . \ 
Someone you can't do without . Copy and paste this to your status 
< PROPFIRST > Cox I just wanted to say thanks to every1 who came and saw me in the hospital it meant a lot to me . I just want to thank everyone who posted their thoughts and feelings on facebook who couldnt come see me that meant just as much to me . UPDATE : im doing well jus itching from the the staples healing and my ab mucsles are still really sore and still walking like an old fart lol but ill be ok thanks again every1 . 
mmmm ... < PROPFEMALE > corn .. I have not had this in ages !!! 
Yummy ... snickers and take 5's .... can't go wrong with that !! 
Ok .. my doggy loves zuzu pets ... lol ... she is carrying it around like a puppy ... 
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else , because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate . LMAO 
Jeezzzz ... tomorrow I will have to make ANOTHER apple pie , since my father ate the last one up ... LOL .. 
There are a few people that i would like to take trick or treating on a highway dressed in deer costumes 
Off to Vegas on Tuesday !! Woo hoo !!! 
mmmmm .... Cotton < PROPFEMALE > !!! yummy !! 
Ok .. I am cooking up some apples with cinnamon and sugar and pouring them over nice vanilla ice cream ... hopefully it will taste good ... I will let you all know . 
Ahhh a day of luxury , dusting , washing floors , clothes and the dog ( maybe not in that order ) and blowing the leaves I need to get a life .. lol .. 
is playing suzzi home maker today ... dusted , cleaned the bedrooms , bathrooms , kitchen , and washed the floors , making navy bean soup with ham , making homemade apple crisp and a apple pie . I really need to get a life ... lol ... 
OMG ... If I see one more western movie , I think I'm going to freak out !!! 
Alright which of my siblings that live close has oatmeal ??? I need it for apple crisp !! I will make some for you too .... 
Can't sleep :( 
Ohhh Boy !!! I have a 135 lb rotti on steriods this should be interesting ... lol 
uggghhh ... I have to get up at 4:45 am to go to the airport to leave for Vegas ... I will be sleeping on the plane ... 
Ok ... going to bed because early day tomorrow ... off to Vegas Baby !!!! 
Is anyone looking to adopt a male rotti ?? I was contacted by someone and they found a male rotti and they are unable to keep it , bt they are holding onto it until they can find a home for him . I was told that he is really good temperment and very sweet . 
Vegas here we come !! I am at the airport waiting to get on the plane , it leavees at 8:45 .. 
WHAT !! You have to purchase your food on the planes now !!! I flew just in Sept and they did not charge us !! What is up with that ? Well maybe they knew I was going to be on the plane and they heard how much I can eat so they decided to charge for food now .... 
Ok ... got off the plane in Vegas and my cell phone rings , and ofcourse I answer it and it was a head < PROPMALE > letting me know I got the JOB BABY !!! WOOO HOOO ... WHAT A GREAT DAY !! I start the job on Nov . 22nd , so I will have to drive down to DE on the 21st and meet with my boss and get my computer !! I will be working from home for the next 2 years !!! Can you tell I am excited !! Blackjack here I come !!! 
Had a great week in Las Vegas , specaial thans for my my brother for cleaniIng the inside and outside of my car ... it has not that clean since I bought it !!! you are awsome !!! thanks a bunch ... 
Las Vegas was awsome and we had an and a great time ... cant ' go back .... 
Had a great time tonight hanging out with a great friend !!!! Hope we can do it tormorrow .... 
Off to take Pop to the docs ... 
I had a great time with on of my great friends ... I hope had the same tumel His family iw is great !!! and he is suuuuuccccchhhh a great father !! I hope we can see him < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our lives ...... When you grow up , they are still your friends ... Repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !!! They may not be part of your daily life , but they are never far from your thoughts and memories ! My cousins ROCK !... 
Just got back from tanning ... well I should say just got back from burning !!! :( 
I think I am going to bed .... I am beat !! 
I think I am going to make a apple < PROPFEMALE > cheesecake tomorrow .... then a homemade apple pie .... yum yum 
I have the hiccups big time !!! can't get rid of them 
I have to get ready to go shopping !! poor me ... lol 
Off to go shopping and have fun !!!! 
I just had the best time shopping !! I forgot how much fun it is to go shopping with people instead of doing it alone !! 
If anyone is looking for a job , listed below is an email that I got from a head < PROPMALE > .. If you want me to forward the message just let me know . 
Getting ready to eat some dinner my father made .... Ham , sweet potatoes and spinich ... yummy 
Leaving soon to take my father to the casino !!! 
Woo Hoo !!!!! I brought home the money < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Won $550 at the Mt . Airey Lodge !!! 
At the request of a facebook friend - we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S !! ............... Even if its only for an hour please take a few moments to say a prayer for them . " 
Well only had 2 hours of sleep lastnight , my Dad's litte dog kept barking and keeping me up !!! 
Uggghhh ... I feel sick , I jus ate a whole bucket of cotton < PROPFEMALE > !!! It was so good while I was eating it though ... Some day I will grow to be a big kid !! 
Special needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want - to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , & this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . 
3 Years old : My mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years old : Mom whatever ... 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 years old : I wanna leave this house . 25 years old : Mom , you were right . 35years old : Wow , mom knew everything . 50 years old : I don't ... wanna lose ... my mom . 70 years old : I would give up everything for my mom to be here with me . POST THIS IF YOU APPRECIATE YOUR MOM 
OMG ... Does anyone want an ariba job in Roseland ... I have about 15 different headhunters contact me regarding this job , they are willing to pay $28 hr ... I already have a job , but I want to see someone get this job !! See below : 
This really stinks , I can't sleep again !!! Please someone hit me over the head so at least I will be able to sleep that way !!! 
I still can not sleep !!!! Ughhhhh ... I should of not taken a nap during the day !!! 
is going to bed early tonight !!! 
Feeling better today ... yay !! 
Time to clean !! My little tornado went through the house !!! 
OMG !! I think I'm going to puke ... My father is making a turkey and he just let me know that he put the heart and the gizzards in the stuffing ... Looks like I'm not going to have stuffing , Mc Donalds is looking pretty good right now . :( 
I am so tired .... 
Another sleepless night !! :( :( \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZJxdm2682HUS 
Who is looking for a job in Seacaucus as a tier two pc tech ?? If you are interested please let me know here are some of the specs for the position . 
I don't need an angel on my Christmas tree , I already have one in heaven looking down on me . Put this on your status if you have someone in heaven you wish could be with you at Christmas ... 
Can everyone send me their current address ???? 
Well , getting on my first conference call with my new job ... it's official ... Did I mention that I am reporting directly the VP of Bank of < PROPFEMALE > ( Yikes) !! 
OMG ... I forgot how boring these ariba conference call were , but I am a trooper I will try not to fall asleep . It's also nice to be working from home !! 
This conference call is like watching paint dry !! Thank god for the internet and facebook .... lol ... 
Ok , the conference call for the new job went well ( little boring but ok ) . After the call I was talking with my manager and he is a very cool guy for being a VP , they are usually stuffy but he is not !!! I should be going down to Delaware at the end of the week to meet him and pick up my laptop ... so excited .. 
Off to go get a building permit in Long Valley . 
Yay !!! No sleep at all lastnight .. this is going to be a fun day !! NOT !!! 
Who is proficient in clinical trial payments ???? I received a job opening from a head < PROPMALE > and since I have a job now , and I would like to extend this offer to other friends . 
OMG ... The < PROPMALE > Bunch move is on !!! have to watch it ..... I am a kd at heart !!! 
My father is not feeling too well !.... he is very tired !!!!! 
HMMMM ... Snow this weekend with single digit temps .... I have to xmas shop too !!! ( sigh ) .... 
Yep ... on another conference call for Ariba !!! Fun !!!! 
Going to DE on Monday morning !!! Is there any good places to go in Wilmington ??? 
Ok ... I found soemthing to do in Wilmington , DE for me to do on Monday ..... http://www.delawarepark.com/ 
Don't want to go outside it is too freaking cold , but I have to go Denville to the lawyers to pick up papers !! 
I feel like crap ... going back to bed !! My stomach is killing me !! 
We're back ... just walked in the door from Wilmington , DE ... Met my new boss and got my new laptop and had orientation ... Great last two days ... 
Getting ready to go to Bank of < PROPFEMALE > to get my vpn issue resolved . 
Can't sleep ... just got done wrapping presents ..... I hope this holiday goes well ... I made a wreath for my mother grave and it looks sooooo nice ... 
Ughhh ... Another night of not sleeping ..... 
Still wrapping presents !!!! YAY .. The kids are going to be so suprised !! ;) * 
Uggghhhh ... two hour conference call .... 
I don’t understand how some people are so quick to pass judgment of other people when they are not perfect themselves . :-/ 
Well , just got two more truck loads of dirt .. I think the stones are next !! 
is going xmas shopping tonight ... nothing like waiting the last moment .. 
Presents are wrapped and some are unrapped ... I got a snugglie's ... 
Let it snow let it snow let it snow ... 
Had a great day yesterday hanging out with friends and family !! Ahhhh life is good ... 
My puppy loves zu zu pets !! She is on her second one !! Gotta love watching a 135lb rotti < PROPMALE > a little toy hampster .... lol 
Looking very gray outside !! 
Ok it is starting to flurry out !! Let the fun begin !! 
Witty 
I just don't get it !! I work remotely in NJ for a company that is located in DE and now I have to pay DE taxes too ... That is not right , it's not like I have an office there or anything there . Oh well , I guess it could be worse and not have a job :( 
What is up with all the fire whistle's going off this morning ?? 
Breakfast of champion's .. HOT WINGS !! yummy .. and no I am not pregnant .. lol 
I miss the Pfizer days with the lottery ... We definately had a good group ... 
This is to all the old Pfizer people : Since the holidays are over , I was think that we should have a get together since people might have more time now ... Let me know who is interested and then we can work out the details . :) :) 
Is anyone looking for a job of ariba trainer ??? Colabria is looking for someone ... Let me know if you are interested ... 
I know that all my freinds are cursing me .... but \YAY\ " snow .... going out to play latter ....... The only reason why I like it is because I don't have to go out and drive in it !!! " 
There must be a lot of people home today ... bc I have 26 people online !!!! 
I was able to talk to my cousin < PROPFEMALE > today !!! She is < PROPFEMALE > ooooo funny ..... And < PROPFEMALE > , my father \your uncle buzzy\ " was < PROPFEMALE > happy to talk to you today !!! You made his day !!! " 
Ohhh ... boy I have been on this confernece call for almost hour and a half .... :( 
I hear < PROPMALE > outside !!! plowing out my driveway !!! Hey < PROPMALE > I am on a conference call so I can not come out to pay you ... If you just want to stop in and I will leave the cash with my Poppa .... 
Let the weekend begin !!!! I'm going out to dinner ... YAY !!! Don't know where , but I am sure it is going to fun ... 
hmmm ... If I was a set of car keys where would I be !!!..... looking .. looking .. and still looking .... 
Sweet girls come from the South , Barbies come from CA , but NJ girls have fire & ice in our blood ! We can drive in the snow , handle the cold , beat the heat , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a right hook and drink w/ the boys ! We can cook a wicked good meal & if we have an opinion , You bet your ASS you're gonna hear it !!! - repost if ur a PROUD Jersey girl ! 
Ok ... has anyone heard from < PROPFEMALE > Hochman Juneau today ??? 
I'm thinking of making a big pot of pasta ..... yummy !!! Maybe later tonight maybe make peanut butter cookies !!! GOT TO LOVE IT !!! 
OMG ... it is so FREAKEN cold outside .... I am so happy I work from home on these type of days ... 
Yay ... 2 more conference calls then I can actually get some work done ....... 
THANK GOD FOR THE MUTE BUTTON !!!! 
hmmm .... Pasta or hamburger for Lunch ??? 
Ok ... Pasta won ... Sloppy < PROPFIRST>'s tomorrow ... yummy !!!! 
OMG .... I feel like I got hit by a < PROPMALE > truck ..... I have the worst sore throat in the world!!!!!:(:'( 
Yesterday was < PROPMALE>'s Birthday I can't believe he has been gone for 28 yrs ... R.I.P. < PROPMALE > !! 
Ohhh ... there goes < PROPMALE > ... plowing ... Hey < PROPMALE > stop in and get some money !!! :) 
Yea ... it is def . bite my ass Weds .... Right < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Alright ... can my throat get anymore painful ???? 
OMG ... my fathers dog is so weird and MEAN ... ;) 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately .... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world 
Gotta love pay days !!!! Woooo Hoooo Money !!!! 
Ohhhh boy , < PROPFEMALE > is on her 5th zu zu pet ... 
What is wrong with that dog ... she just bit < PROPFEMALE>'s but again .... 
I'm still sick ... :( 
OK ... What is everyone getting me for \V-Day \"?" 
Ok as my cousin would say .... Today is bite my ass Wednesday !! 
Does Washington twp and Washington boro have school ? 
I'm cute !!!!! I'm cue53 jk 
watching the snow fall down .......... 
Yay suck my ass Thurs ..... 
Who is the best Aunt in the world ????????? 
snow , snow and more freaking snow ...... 
Am known as chicken litle .... just saying ...... 
Got to go to work in one hour and 50 min ...... :-/ God Freaking bless me ...... 
kmjmkm Bing Bng wound like a freaking top ............. Just saying ...... 
Yay .... one more hour and 20 < PROPFEMALE > . before work time ....... :'( 
Yay 52 < PROPFEMALE > . to work time ...... then sleepy time at seven ........ am god bless me ........ :) 
Ut Ohh ..... bite my freakng snow but Friday ....... Just what I want some more freaking snow .............. 
It's Brothers Week : If you have a brother who has made you laugh , picked on you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you can't live without ..... put this up as your status\ 
49 seconds ago 
Yay me time ...... FREAKING NOT ..... WORK TIME ...... 
Eww .... < PROPFEMALE > sinks big time ...... I think I need to change puppy chow ....... 
Yay .... workplexe ..... ummmm hummmm ..... 
Yea I guess I better empty out the voice mail messages ....... 
Yay work is almost done then a few hour naps then more work .... :( 
Ok .... the freaking \Devil Dog\ " is up ...... " 
Do you realize 5 feet of snow in my driveway right now ...... I just messured it .... LOL ... 
You can still so see I have not slept at all ..... Freaking wound like a top ..... 
I might be a nut , but I''m a good nut ! 
Boy the Devil Dog is rare form this morning .... Here I have a 140 lb rotti and do you think I am afraid her NO it the 19 lb cocker that you have to worry about ... 
Ok going on 36 hours right now and there seems to be no sleep in the future for me .... 
Had to go to the hospital this morning ... Been so sick I would rather feel better . 
R.I.P. Mr. Cramer ...... Our family prayers are with you Mrs Cramer 
is sitting here listening to < PROPFEMALE > snore ... go figure a 140lb rotti snores .... she does other things too but I am not going to list them .... lol ... 
Nice watching the \vs\ " station and they are fishing for tuna .... I really want to do that .... " 
A BIG HAPPY OLD BIRTHDAY GOES OUT TO MY COUSIN < PROPFIRST > !!!! OLD MAN ... LOL .... JK 
Yay Ozzy is going to be on a superbowl commercial .... 
Shower then off to the food store !!! 
Ok ... all is good ... got home and put < PROPFEMALE > in the bed ( boy she is heavy ) and now going to play some cards then slllleeeeeppppp ..... BTW .... Great job < PROPFIRST > .. that was a good game and I don't even really know basketball , but I know I had a good time .... Congrats .. < PROPFEMALE > 
come out where ever you are !!! 
LMAO .... My father and I are watching AmeSrican Idiol and he thought < PROPFIRST > Tylor was a girl .... 
Yummy Popcorn ...... 
owww ... my eye still hurts .... 
My father is making spagetti and meatballs for lunch today ... yummy 
uggghhh ... can't sleep again .... but job interview went great today .... will working at Peapack ..... 
ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has/had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . Too many to mention have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . 
Going shoppig with Dad and < PROPFIRST > and then < PROPFIRST > and I am off to < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend ... yay 
Boy that was a bad crash at Daytona 500 ... 
when someone you love becomes a memory , that memory becomes your treasure , I miss you Mom and all my family that I have lost !! R.I.P. 
Uhhhh ... Still can't sleep .. Only wish I could at least get a couple hours ... sigh 
Yep ... another sleepless night ! Got to love it . NOT :( 
23 days away from spring YAY .... we really need it !!! 
If anyone really knows me , I have a pink netbook ... how cool is that ? 
Awww ... my poor father asked me what year it was , I felt so bad for telling him . 
Can't wait till my niece comes tomorrow !!! 
OMG ... sitting here listening to < PROPFEMALE > snore .... TOO LOUD ... 
DON'T YOU LOVE IT WHEN FAMILY CAN WRITE YOU OFF JUST LIKE THAT ... SO SAD ... 
Yay !!! my niece is coming today !!! Can't wait !!! Chels come see me too !!! Be like old times .. except for the person growling at < PROPFIRST > on the train .. 
aughhh ... My little tornado struck again ... kitchen was spotless .. was like < PROPFEMALE > yesterday on my hands and knees scrubbing the floor and now you can not even tell ... :( 
My Cousin's are the Best ! 11 
I wish my puppy would stop moving the furniture .... she is a beast !! I have a hard time moving the furniture , and she moves it like it is nothing .. 
I am so hating this freaking netbook !!! keeps dropping connection ... 
OMG ... I wish the little tornado would stop ... tired of cleaning ... If anyone know's my father , you could def . feel for me ... sigh ... 
Making Hot Sausage for lunch ... CAN WE SAY YUMMY !!! 
Little tornado STOP PLEASE !!!! Dear Lord , just have to love it !!!! 
My poor father kept saying \what the date was ?? \ " I kept telling him and he forgot ..... " 
i love my nieces ..... just like old times with Aunt < PROPFEMALE > !!!! going tanning !!! 
Spending the night with my niece ..... :) love it ....... 
Loving my niece BIG TIME being here !!!! Catching up on old times !!! Miss them big time .... 
My Niece is eating cheese cake right now !!! 
OMG ... Listening < PROPFEMALE > snoring and < PROPFIRST > Sleeping .... whish I could sleep !!!! 
Freaking stilll uppp !!!!! OMB dear lord help me sleep !!!! 
Yep ... moving out again !!! go figure ... it is once a week now ... 
OHHH boy what is today going to bring ... you know what I mean !!! 
when are you commig to the Mountain ????? good old times 
I made Pop a FB acount .... family friend him and I will teach him to do ... 
Looks like we are going to AC on 4/17 ..... free room 
Finally have interent access !! I'm a geek but fix the computer ..... go figure ... lol 
Wow the wind is howling up on the Mountian ...... 
Ok ..... I cleared out my voice mail ....... I am so bad with that .... 
I love my cousin's 
Man it so cold up here on the moutain ..... 
Dear lord help me !!! 
Don't look like I am going to < PROPFEMALE > today :( 
Boy I wish my mother was here ! Could definately need her advice . 
And how old am I ?? 
Oh ... great my netbook is smoking out of the keyboard .. Looks like I am going to be tearing this thing apart today !! It is only 1 1/2 months old . 
This is a message from < PROPFEMALE>'s family : \ 
We are sad to inform you that < PROPFEMALE > passed away yesterday , March 8 . \ 
The services for < PROPFEMALE > will be held at Cochran Funeral Home in Hackettstown , NJ . The viewing will be Friday , March 11 from 4 - 8 pm . For any other information please refer to the Cochran Funeral Home's website . 
