Now what ? 

An angry person opens their mouth , but closes their eyes . Maybe that's why I couldn't see through all your lies ..... 
ugh ... meow ..... meow .... meow ... 
Bored outta my fuckin mind 
Is just counting the days ..... 
Is thinking abt little green leaves and 1000 shots of vodka 
This way a good soul never passes 
So bitter it is , death is little more 
Is high high high as the < PROPFEMALE > 
Let us descend now into the blind world 
Let us descend now unto greater woe 
Is blitzed 
is having a fierce battle against boredom 
Through me , the way to eternal woe . Through me , the way to everlasting pain . Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ... 
Me tired 
gotta go . ttyl 
Is SEVERELY fucking pissed !!!.... 
Rly needs someone to talk to ... 
Is feeling a lil better now . Thank u < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
Is thinkin \why ?... whyyy ?... \"" 
Mmmmmm .... french vanilla ice cream :) 
Too late , too late ... 
Fight for honor , fight for your life . Pray to god that our side is right ... 
Wants a black wolf for a pet :) 
yummy ! < PROPFEMALE > vanilla soda !! :-) 
There is no greater sorrow than to be mindful of the happy times in misery 
If you really knew me , you could accept who , or what I really am . You would accept that my world is a twisted fantasy . You would walk with me through this mystery , so that I would not be afraid to show who I really am . If you really know me , then you see the hidden words in here . If you don't know me and would like to , it's not too late . Think you really know me ? Show me . Message or comment to me and let me know . 
Oohhh , yeah !!! Im feelin wild as hell !! 
I'm marked for death , I've got nothing to lose ... 
Someone's cruisin for a bruisin ... 
Ever been so furious , that you feel cold on the inside and cant stop shaking because you feel like you're gonna explode ? Yeah , that's how I feel ... 
be right back . Bout to go try and cool off before i end up destroying somebody ... 
is like \ahhh .... I feel soooo much betterrr .... \ " :) " 
doesnt know why , but im still so cold on the inside ..... 
my < PROPFEMALE > is burning like a cold flame .... i love it , i love this so much ... 
ahh .... im exhausted . Dont know if its from rage , or what ..... feels like I'm splitting .... or abt to swtich .... 
feels really sick .... but not like you're thinking ..... 
wow ... i just never knew .... 
still feels cold .... rly shakey ..... just absent .... far away .... haha 
feels like he's just off in the background ... 
is slipping slowly into the tragedy ... 
feels like \whoooooaaaaaaaa ... hahaaaa \"" 
is alone 
is really ffff*cked up :) 
And on this day , for 7 straight months without quittin , i have recieved my official PH name : R-age ( pronounced rage ) . :) 
This way there never passes a good soul 
wondering how many of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here is a test for you . I would like all my Facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met or know me ! After you comment copy this to your status . You will be amazed at the responses you get . 
Love , that on gentle heart doth swiftly seize . 
' Through me you go to the grief wracked city ; Through me you go to everlasting pain ; Through me you go a pass among lost souls . Justice inspired my exalted Creator : I am a creature of the Holiest Power , of Wisdom in the Highest and of Primal Love . Nothing till I was made was made , only eternal beings . And I endure eternally . Surrender as you enter , every hope you have . ' 
Why dost thou rend me ? Hast thou no spirit of pity whatsoever ? 
And as is he who unwills what he willed , and because of new thoughts changes his design , so that he quite withdraws from beginning , such I became on that dark hillside : wherefore in my thought I abandoned the enterprise which had been so hasty in the beginning . 
This miserable mode\ 
Maintain the melancholy souls of those\ 
Who lived withouten infamy or praise 
Soon there will upward come\ 
What I await ; and what thy thought is dreaming\ 
Must soon reveal itself unto thy sight 
If the misery of this soft place\ 
Bring in disdain ourselves and our entreaties , and our aspect black and blistered 
Thou shalt hear the desperate lamentations 
You know how they say it never hurts to dream ? Ever stop to think about how true that statement really is ? How true is that ? Hmmm ..... 
Do the damned comdemn their own ? 
\Nothin ' to lose vengeance to gain ( you know I'll never be the same)\ 
And so this night revives the pain ( the darkness attacks yet again ) , \ 
So deep within ignites the flame ( soaked tears burn on your final sins ) 
Ha ... no wonder I've been feeling this way .... so it has begun ... 
horrayy !!!!!!! finnalllyyyyy got my phone !!!!!!!!!!!! :-D 
haha ! yeah , juss lovin my phone . feels sooooooooooo good to be able to text my peeps again :) lol . if u aint got my new # and u want it , juss lemme kno . but all i can do is text tho ... for now .. lol 
gotta go fb . laterz 
fucking hates that these fucking stupid phones these days gives u the option to send a BLANK FUCKING TEXT !!! I mean , of all the fuckin USELESS things ! Why ?! Why why why why WHYYYYYY ???????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hmph . Did you think that would startle me ? Get serious . 
Your best intentions will send you straight to hell 
You think you've seen the last of me ? You think you have won just because you managed to escape me ? Get serious . You have not seen the last of me . I will hunt you for the rest of eternity , if that is what it takes .... you will have ample time in Hell to regret what you have done ....... 
it's like having my heart cut with cold steel ....... 
Tick ... tock .... tick ... tock .... tick .... tock ..... 
Suffer the dying breath 
Death comes on silent wings 
Clench your throat , bleed and strain . Feel your Death , you cant escape . See all things destroyed by fire , attract the murders of vampires . Its not over , we're not done . You cant run . I take your life , you die in mud , wash my face in blackened blood . Try to run , try to hide from the torment deep inside . You thought you finished me before , now we bleed on the floor 
