I need more music . 

I want to take the ears off , but I can't . 
is learning Japanese . OTL 
I'm so sick of feeling . 
I swear I'd burn this city down just to show you the light . 
Hanging with frenz ( maybe ) tonight and Mississippi tomorrow . Yey . 
I need to pack . > : l 
I love flight delays . :| 
Accepted to SCAD !! Yes ! 
Ten hours in a car today ... and I want my laptop , baw . 
STILL RIDING FFFF 
loves her some iTunes shuffle . 
Hn . I can't wait to get out of here . 
bought a new game , but lost the DS . Awesome . 
Apparently the only pets I can keep in my dorm are freshwater , non-flesheating fish . Damn , and I really wanted to bring my piranhas with me ... 
is sketching her shoe . 
Oh my God wi-fi . I think I could cry ... 
Just had a blowout on the way back from Texas . Supposedly help won't arrive for another hour and a half ... Great , right ? 
Ha , some guys with a service truck just happened to drive by . We're back in business . 
Neshoba County Fair ? Done and done . 
Why does my mom need a Facebook account . Seriously . 
went fishin ' on a Saturday evening . And nothing feels more right . 
My uncle's a great teacher and all , but damn son ... Playing the guitar is hard . 
had a wonderful day today . I guess I needed to \get away\ " more than I thought . " 
i've had no service all day ffff- 
GRIFFINS !? 
THREE roommates outta be a trip , can't wait to meet ' em . 
Do you like tamale ? Hot hot tamale ? 
Two classes a day only three days out of the week ? Yeah I think I can work with that . 
hasn't been sleeping at all this past week . Maybe tonight ? 
Let's get physical , physical ~ ... Damn I need better music . 
Why aren't more of you up to see the splendor of this brilliant morning ?! Lawl no , jk , I'm about to pass out . 
On a serious note , I want to see a doctor about these pains I'm having in my legs and hip . I can't stand it anymore . 
\Well I don't give a hoot ; I'd stand up to him eyeball to eyeball for her ! \ " Westerns are just too cute . " 
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music . 
I'm not really the only one up this late/early again am I ? Geeze guys , come on ... I must need more adventurous friends or something . 
Three more days . I wonder if I'll be able to get up at eight in the morning this coming Monday ? 
I'm seeing too many familiar faces in strangers here . 
Facebook that doesn't even make sense . Just stop it . 
Finally ! Rain ! 
What a terrible day . 
D'aaawe , my baby brother asked my dad today when he walked in the door from work , \Where's Nina ? \ " ; w ; " 
Snorlax ftw . 
Anyone know a good name for a snow tiger ? 
It's snowing ! Ha ! 
Woah , sorry to everyone that got that CLICK HERE bullshit from me . I guess the application must have sent it automatically . 
is excited to see < PROPFIRST > at the airport next week . = w = 
Man I'm sick of sitting still . I'm ready for school again , ready to DO something again . 
Just got back from TRON : Legacy for the third time . Who can guess how much I love it ? 
Cruise was great , having a bed on solid ground is better . 
Life is such a horrible game . You think you're set with a mansion and a yacht , but then BAM - suddenly everyone's suing you for every last < PROPFEMALE > . 
Five hour drive to < PROPFEMALE > with a pos Navigation system that got me lost two towns away ? Done and done . 
Oh okay , NOW SCAD gets the two hour operation delay for weather . AFTER I've already had my 8am class . Brilliant . 
I need a plant for my room . Any suggestions ? 
Finally , coffee ~ 
You used to hold me , you used to hold me , you used to hold me me me me , yeah . 
I don't know why they're upset at US for being upset that someone was blaring music at ridiculous hours of the morning . It's SUNDAY for God's sake , why would anyone ever think that was a good idea ? What did you honestly expect would happen ? 
roaaaaaaaarrrrr 
Why do I ... like this ... /dead 
Augh . My controllers are broken and now so am I . what's the point in livingggg 
Mirrors , mirrors everywhere . 
Rango was absolutely gorgeous . All of you should make time to see it if you have the < PROPMALE > . 
Geeze , sorry this seems like it's so late guys , but thank all of you for the lovely birthday wishes ! I really appreciated them . :3 
Poor Ringling kids ... Have to post memes on their much more successful SCAD friends ' pages to feel better about their school ... 
