HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! 

Filthy flea-ridden * little animals who jump up on the counter , stinking little rats who try to steal our food , who then try to get away , or bluff it out with a purr . can anyone venture a guess as to what i'm angry at ? * okay , so they are not flea-ridden , 
What's high in the middle and round at both ends ? That's where i'm going today . 
Biking medium distance with hills + < PROPMALE > fay + < PROPFEMALE > -with-an-attitude = < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > with stinky attitudes . it was an enjoyable ride nonetheless . 
Fireflies , fireworks , and the Fourth of July . Awesome . 
Back from Philly . The Phillies won twice while we were there . Then we had to drive back with Pinky and The Brain and the < PROPFEMALE > Pain . Seeing the Sieber relatives was nice . 
Today i discovered that caffeine-free orange seems to help me wake up . though that may have been the twix bar ... 
Having a cold stinks . It really stinks . I slept most of the afternoon and still feel like i've had the snot kicked out of me . 
Yo ho , yo ho , a pirates life for me ... 
i survived the history test . Now i've just have to worry about my grade on it . 
We are starting our drive to NC in 5 or 10 minutes . I think i'll be asleep most of the way . 
remember remember the fifth of november gunpowder , treason , and plots ... 
How many times must i listen to the same conversation about Bonzo ? This happens almost every time I go in Johns car . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s bridal shower = awesomeness . and the Masterworks Chorale was really cool . 
Happy Birthday to my little brother < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy Thanksgiving !! 
Wants to go to Zanzibar to see the Zanzibarbarians . 
Inter < PROPFEMALE > , Ire fortiter quo nemo ante iit . In libris libertas 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Mr. Potter ! ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , It's A Wonderful Life 
had an AWESOME time at the Crowley !!! 
Happy New Year dudes and dudettes , ladies and gentlemen , and all other people out there ! 
Happy New Year ! 
And so , the Great Cider Conflict has been resolved ... 
Pasties are the perfect pastry , always good and always tasty . 
had a good first class , and can already tell that this class will be interesting . 
If you and I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends have to say . ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair ) 
Whose woods these are I think I know . His house is in the village , though ; He will not see me stopping here To watch his woods fill up with snow . ~ Robert Frost 
Apple crisp is awesome . 
Freudian theory should be banned in mixed company . Especially in Shepherd classrooms . 
SPARTANS ROCK ! 
On our way to NC for the ball !!!! 
A blonde , a brunette , and a redhead walk into a Gap ... and realized it's the beginning of a bad joke . 
is never , EVER going to eat anything with soy in it now . Food Inc . just killed any thoughts I may have ever had about eating soy . Did you know that over 90% of all soybeans in < PROPFEMALE > are genetically modified , and drenched in pesticides and stuff ?! 
Happy Birthday Stef ! 
\The most wasted of all days is one without laughter . \ " E.E. Cummings " 
Today is a BEAUTIFUL day ! 
It is way too hot to be early April . 
Just made chocolate chip cookies . 
is solidifying her reputation as the meanest sister . 
According to my classmates in English , I am both smart and OCD . and I also take life too seriously . 
Just saw Iron Man 2 . It was AWESOME !! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I've had a wonderful birthday ! 
loves oil painting , but had forgotten how hard it is to get it off of hands and elbows . 
I got a haircut !! 
Thanks to all who serve this great nation , whether at home or abroad . And many thanks to those who have given the ultimate sacrifice in service to this country . 
Had a wonderful time in D.C. , and hopes to revisit the American History Museum again sometime soon . 
I\ 
pledge allegence to the Flag , of the United States of America , and to \ 
the republic for which it stands , One nation , under God , invisible , with \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , AND \ 
OUR FLAG DESERVES RESPECT !! lets see how many Americans will repost \ 
this . 
Happy Independence Day ! 
Just saw Toy Story 3 . It was decently done for a sequel . 
Got accepted to Shepherd full-time this fall . Cool . 
For I know the thoughts that I think toward you , says the LORD , thoughts\ 
of peace and not of evil , to give you a future and a hope . ( < PROPMALE > 29:11 ) 
Is there anything better than the smell of freshly baked bread ?... 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with all your heart . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! 
God is AWESOME ! I just got to see a totally cool total lunar eclipse !! 
had an AWESOME time in Colonial Williamsburg !! 
Elderberry extract tastes rather odd ... 
Snowboarding + slightly clumsy person = huge , huge ouches ... 
Had a good first day of classes , and I can already tell that some of them will be quite interesting ... 
Today has not been a very good day , but hey ! after this past weekend , not much could beat that in terms of ' bad days ' . 
Someone told me earlier , that I should be a Mass Comm . < PROPMALE > . I'm not sure what to think of that ... 
I personally believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this . \ 
\ 
Happy SAINT < PROPFIRST>'s day . =] 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a headache . When you open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints . When he sees you living it , he flees . And just when you're about to re-post this , he'll try to discourage you .. Any takers ? 
