Enjoying being married and being done with all the planning . 

I have been having so much fun playing all these different farm games on here . 
hey all I play county life and need more neighbors so that I can buy more land . I love this game come be my neighbor please . 
Why are some people so bold and back stabbing ? Things I will never understand . I suppose I am not suppose to . Some people are just that way . I should accept that . Thank god I steer clear . 
why is it that quite often you can not log out of cafe world for a long time or you have to actually close your bowser and sign back in again . Cant they just fix all these games so that they actually work right ? 
Life is just what it is short . I hope to appreciate what I have and more so what I dont have . It seems that even when you know things are going to happen it just always seems like they are going to come later . Well what do you do when later gets here ? It will be here someday . 
Been studying up on industrialized food and its affects on the nations health and my families health . It is hard to read and learn that all these years trying to eat healthy and feed my children healthy I really did not know what I was eating and feeding my family . I now know that I've been slowly poisoning myself and my family . Learn what you are eating . 
Support your local farmers and organic markets . Make an investment in yourself and families health by learning what your are eating . Where your food came from how it was grown and taken care of and what is in your food . 
Dont just go organic support your local farmers . It supports your community while improving you and your families health . Think of whole/organic food as an investment in you and your families health . 
Everyone is worried about global warming and want to fix it why dont we look at industrial farming of meat and produce and the enviromental dangers and damages it cause on a daily basis . 
Can someone remind me of what summer feels like again ? 
Most people are affecte by disabilty in some way weather they have one have a child that has some or a family or freiend that has one . Make your voice heard for you need or need for them speak to your law makers tell them what you need or they need the unspoken voice goes unheard . Remeber you are your own and your childs best advocate . 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! Don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines ! 
Steam cleaned house today up and down stairs , got laundry caught up , made muffins , & dinner . Need a break a maid & lg mixed drink whos pouring ? 
I'm making Prozac , Morphine , Chocolate chip cookie dough , vodka , rum , whiskey , beer and moonshine martinis . Anyone else want one ? 
