Wonderin ' if the Cats pulled it off today ... In < PROPFEMALE > visiting family . Waitin for baby to take a nap already cuz he's cranky !!!!! Oh how I miss those tailgating days ... Eat shit Grizzlies go Cats Go !!!!! Or better yet Muck Fissoula ... lol Gotta love this rivalry . 

< PROPMALE > got his first vaccinations yesterday and he's a cranky boy !!! Poor baby . The nurse stuck him so hard I coulda smacked her !!! No wonder kids hate shots ! 
Getting ready to go to the kids Holiday program . Can't wait to dress < PROPMALE > up in his holiday outfit ! 
Waitin ' for my man to come home so we can do some X-mas shopping !! 
Got some more x-mas shopping done . Can we say broke ? 
Got some early presents from the family . It was a great day but I am exhausted !!! Hope kids go to bed early tonight !!! 
Kids are gone , it's just me and < PROPMALE > , and the house is trashed ... I am wishing I got a maid for Xmas right about now ... 
Been spit up on once already today and my baby boy is showing all the symptoms of teething ... other than that all is well . 
Hope everyone has a safe and Happy New Year !! Gonna go bowling tonight ! Baby is going to Grandma and Papa's ... it's always so hard to leave him even if it's only for a couple hours ! 
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday season ! Wishing everyone the best in 2011 !! 
FaaaReeeaakkkiiinnn Coldddddd !!!!!!! BBBrrr ... seriously . 
Lazy day , lazy day ... hope to get some crafts done as soon as the lil guy takes a nap ( IF he does ! ) 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ???? 
I danced with a banana on your car because I CAN . 
Blah 
So ... the movie Paranormal Activity kinda disturbed me ( I'm a < PROPFEMALE > when it comes to scary movies ) ... anyone else have any thoughts about the flick ? 
I'm over it . : 0 ( 
Waiting for course materials to arrive so I can get studying already !!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
Sick baby ... so sad . Makes ME want to cry ... 
Baby is sick ... isn't happy no matter what I do , I have had little sleep and now I feel like I'm getting sick as well ... UGH 
< PROPFIRST > and I have been together 2 yrs Feb . 21st 
Baby has a cold virus , not much you can do for that . And on top of all that he had to get shots today !.... man life is hard . 
My body is not perfect , but I nurtured a baby and I'm proud of it ! Too bad if we don't look perfect , but every < PROPFIRST > , every line , and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them . Having a baby is no easy task , we are STRONG , we are BRAVE and we should be proud of ourselves . Put this as your status if your a proud mother ?. 
Laundry , laundry , and oh did I mention LAUNDRY !!!!!!!! Certainly doesn't feel like a weekend .... 
At home with the fam in < PROPFEMALE > just chillin out . Happy Birthday Grandma and Uncle < PROPMALE > ! 
I love my lil man .... could never imagine life without him ! I am feeling very blessed . 
Bored , trying to study with a rowdy 6 month old on my lap ... need a break .... ( sigh ) 
Chinese food .... 
Kiddos have been home all week due to Spring Break .... wish today was as wonderful as yesterday was because now all the kids wanna stay indoors !!! 
Why snow WHY ?!!!!! 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ! Will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th . Go on copy and paste . 
Just took the kiddos to How To Train Your Dragon in 3D . It was pretty awesome !! 
Soooo ... yesterday was way too < PROPFEMALE > and today I woke up to see snow flying ... C'Mon shorts weather hurry it up already !!! 
The sun finally made an appearance and I'm stuck inside doing laundry ...!!!! 
Hopefully takin ' < PROPMALE > to see the Easter < PROPFEMALE > @ the mall tonight !!! Wonder if he'll freak out ?!!! 
Snow snow go away ..... 
Mothers of little boys work from son up to son down .... 
Just took < PROPMALE > to the Easter < PROPFEMALE > . He didn't even scream !! 
Was a great day ! Now time to get into the PJ's and relax ... < sigh > 
Feeling icky ... sore throat and a headache from hell ! Baby got his 3rd round of immunizations yesterday and would not sleep last night !!! Just my luck ... 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer awareness month . 
is a parent , cook , housekeeper , teacher , taxi driver , nurse , handy man , maid , security coordinator , supervisor , manager , secretary , nutritionist , caretaker , personal assistant , life coach , bookkeeper , and a motivational speaker . I don't get holiday pay , sick pay , or days off . I am on call 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . Now tell me that YOUR job is harder than mine . Repost this if you're a MOM ! 
C'mon Avs !!!! 6 minutes to play you can do it !!! 
Going to bed ... gotta long day ahead to finalize all the packing for our trip to < PROPFEMALE > Beach ( yay ! ) . Sleep well world 
Clean house-check , caretaker for animals while we're gone-check . Now to finish packing ... so much more to do and so little energy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Beach is amazing ! To all those in Montana getting snow , wish u were here and I will soak up some rays for ya !! 
My 8 month old son is crying wanting his Momma , but the 8 week old puppy needs to go outside before she has an accident , and I still have a million things to do around the house !!! I am so tired ! 
Packing and crying , how did it come to this ? 
< PROPMALE > cut through his ferenulum ( the little flap of skin that connects your gums to you upper and bottom lips .. weird things ... ) . Sooo much blood , so we spent a couple hours at the hospital just to be told it would heal on its own . Scary though !!!! 
A son will outgrow your lap ... but never your heart !!! It's \Son's\ 
Packing suxxxxxxx !!! 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? How many will actually respond to this ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the\ 
people on my list to post how we met . \ 
After you have completed this , please repost this in your status thanks .. \ 
this should be fun ! 
Interview today went great ... hopin ' I get this one !!! Packing is coming along , just not looking forward to cleaning the apartment ... UGH 
I got the job !!! Start training next week !! Sooo not ready for the back and forth traveling between < PROPFEMALE > and Bozeman . Can't wait until my apartment is cleaned and done with !!!! Sad to leave though ! : 0 ( 
Back in < PROPFEMALE > to start another week . Training Monday and Tuesday , then back to Bozeman to do more cleaning !!! BOOOO 
Exhausted , stressed out , and really sad . I just want to be settled and ready for a fresh start ... 
Back to Bozeman tomorrow to do the walk through at my apt !!! Damn it's bittersweet !! 
In < PROPFEMALE > from now on . Checked out of the apt , all is well . Already miss the place I called home for the past 10 years , but must look forward ! 
Is freakin ' miserable ... think I may have made a huge mistake . Tired of feeling like a black sheep .... 
off to the farmers market and carousel with my little boy this morning ! 
ATTENTION all my dear < PROPMALE > friends -- I will be coming to town July 27th through Aug 1st !!! Let's all get together , you know who you are !! Get ready for some good times , Momma needs some night out !! LOL 
So saw the Sourcerers Apprentice , pretty good for < PROPMALE > Cage ! Anyone else in < PROPFEMALE > going to Symphony Under the Stars tomorrow night ?.... 
Anyone who lives in Bozeman be advised ... DO NOT rent from Aspen Properties , they are scam artists !!!! Terrible , terrible , terrible 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister , and love like a friend ! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & nephews post this as your status 
I miss my little boy !!!! Sure was nice sleeping in until 8 am this morning though !!! 
Flight is booked for < PROPMALE > trip ! I AM SO STOKED !!! 
1 1/2 more days of work and then I will officially be on vaca !! WOO HOOO . 
? To all the Moms who have traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer handbags for diaper bags & wouldn't change a thing . Let's see how many moms repost this . Moms don't care whatever they give up . They love what they get in ret ... urn . Repost this if you're a Mom & love your kids !! ? 
Hi Ho , Hi HO It's off to work I go ...... in a great mood ! 
Reunion was interesting , yet fun . The best thing I've done in 10 years ? The answer is my son . Love u Boo ! 
Laundry pretty much wrapped up , packing almost done , baby down ... it was frreakin ' hot today ! Good time for a beer , but after the reunion it doesn't even sound good !!!! 
BEAT-worse return trip ever ! Was great to get the babies together with the grandparents , go to the zoo and aquarium , but I am glad to be back in MT !!! Had food poisoning Sat night and all day Sunday . Luckily I didn't get sick on the dinky 70 passenger plane they put us on back to Billings yesterday ! Then when I got off the plane I had to drive a couple hours . UGH 
Sooooo glad Monday is over ! What a busy day at work !! Happy to be home with the babe chillin ' . 
I have carried a child within my body ..... I have comforted a baby upon my chest ... My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a mother , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mother 
if you know someone , or have been\ 
affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a\ 
punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known\ 
cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in\ 
... the face . But we ... can raise awarenes ... 
Say what you mean , and mean what you say .. 
Of course ... the long weekend has arrived and I'm not feeling well !! Total bummer 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !!!! 
Well my baby is 1 today !!! So bittersweet !!! 
Ya Cats !!! Way to beat Eastern Washington today !!! 
September\ 
is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and \ 
friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who \ 
continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who \ 
has or had cancer 
Are you a girly girl or a tomboy ? - My Result : Well-Balanced Girl http://bit.ly/98ztYD 
Let's go Broncos !!! 
Ouch Dolphins , that was bad football ... it was painful to watch ! aaannnnd ya I'd just like to add Go Broncos !!!! 
Montana State Homecoming today !!! Wish I was in Bozeman for this one !! Let's Go Cats !!!! 
I have a follow up CT scan tomorrow morn to follow up with my Lymphoma . Please please please be cancer free !!! Send out a prayer everyone !!! 
Doc gave me a clean < PROPMALE > of health ! Now I can exhale ... ahhhhhhh . Thanks everyone for keeping me in your thoughts ! 
\A woman is like a teabag . You never know how strong she is until she's in hot water . \"- Eleanor < PROPMALE > " 
is missin ' my little boy . He's with his Daddy for the weekend . Can't wait for him to come home tomorrow !!! 
Dear Broncos , if u could maybe make half of an attempt at playing some football we all would appreciate it mmmkay . Thanks\ 
P.S. I'm still a Raider hater ! 
the weekend wasn't long enough !! Back to work tomorrow bright and early !! Hope everyone had a great Halloween !!! 
A SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR A LITTLE WHILE , BUT HE WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIETIME , IF YOU HAVE A SON THAT HOLDS THE KEY TO YOUR HEART , WHOSE SMILE CAN LIGHT UP YOUR DAY , AND WHO WOULD MAKE YOUR LIFE BETTER JUST CAUSE HE'S IN IT ......... COPY AND PASTE THIS 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you . You just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . - < PROPMALE > Marley 
\Never take someone for granted . Hold every person close to your heart because you might just wake up one day and realize that you lost a < PROPFEMALE > because you were too busy collecting stones . \"" 
Half day @ work tomorrow , then on to Bozeman !! Can't wait for my weekend to begin ! Very stoked to < PROPFEMALE > out with good friends tomorrow night . It's been too long .. 
I freakin ' love Conan ! Glad he's back ! 
Happy Veterans Day ! Thanks to all who have served , and those currently fighting for all of us here on the homefront !!!! I enjoy my freedom ! THANK YOU 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you , and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious ... decision to allow your heart to walk around outside ... your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life ! 
Tough girls come from New York , sweet girls come from Texas , pretty girls come from California , but we MONTANA girls have fire and ice in our blood !!! We can ride 4 wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks , fish with the boys , bake a cake , and love with a passion , and if we have an opinion ... you know you're gonna hear it !! Repost if ... you're a MONTANA girl ! 
Car broke down on the way home from work today ... not what i needed to happen right before the holidays ... :'( \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZQxdm012YYUS 
Today is one of the most important days of the year for Montanans -- the famed Cat-Griz game ... Let's Go Cats !!!!!!! Beat the Griz in their own house !!!! 
Touchdown Bobcats !!!! 
Lovin ' this Cat/Griz action !!! 
Way to go Cats !!! Much deserved !!!!! 
Um , ok Old Man Winter we get it , you have arrived . Now please back off and take these ridiculous -25 below temps with you !!! BBBBRRRR !!! Sincerely , Freezing in Montana 
Hope everyone has a wonderful Thanksiving !!! Let us give thanks , and not forget those that are less fortunate ! 
Thinkin ' about cooking up a roast today with some hand made dumplings !!! 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the 23 yr-old Montana Highway Patrolman shot and killed this evening !! Suspect still has not been caught !!! And all over a lousy warrant , what a shame !! RIP 
Sprite 
Began a 12 week weight loss challenge today . Here goes nothin'!!! Woo-hoo to gettin ' back to the old me in 2011 !!! 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > how about that earthquake last night at 1 am ? 
All progress is precarious , and the solution of one problem brings us face to face with another problem . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. 
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase . \ 
--- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. 
?????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have amazing child , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
Holy smokes it's a blizzard out there !!! Wish I could afford to snowboard more often cuz I am sooooooo ready for winter to be done !!! 
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts 
Happy Valentines Day everyone . 
< PROPMALE > got his first haircut today ... so sad to see those ringlet curls go !! I got to save a few at least . My lil man is growing up too fast !!! 
I was home sick most of the day yesterday , then I got the dreaded call from daycare today that lil man is sick . <<<< Sigh >>>> at this rate I will never get a decent paycheck . Can't wait for cold and flu season to pass !!! Well , it will never pass , but good lord give mi familia a break already !! 
I miss Bozeman 
There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept , things we don't want to know but have to learn , and people we can't live without but have to let go . ~ Author Unknown 
It is the end of moving weekend , wheew ... but the unpacking has just began !! I am whooped ! Hoping to get Internet up and running this week . 
Still a ton of unpacking to do . I hate it !! New place is great though , finally got cable and internet hooked up woo-hoo !! 
Bought a car today . I am now the owner of a 1997 Volkswagen Passat . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NY8UD-eLIfw 
Crazy weather . I leave the house in a light jacket , capris and flip flops , come out of the store and it's flippin ' snowing !!! Make up your mind already Mother Nature !! 
< PROPMALE > goes in to get tubes put in his ears tomorrow !! I'm scared , I will be up at the hospital all by myself . I just keep reminding myself that it will be worth it in the long run ... keep us in your thoughts !!! 
< PROPMALE > did great with his surgery !! He was running up and down the halls and terrorizing the nurses in no time ! Thanks for everyones support ! 
This piece of canvas is truly your world , and you can do anything here that makes you happy . It's such a fantastic day here , I thought I'd put a little bright spot in the sky , and I hope the painting brings a little brightness to your life when you're doing it . ” –Bob < PROPMALE > , 1991 
What .. a ... day ... * sigh * . The weekend can't come soon enough !! I need a vacation , but then again who doesn't!! 
