Finally on Facebook ! But it's so hard to get off ... can't get my fingers to logout ! 

K ' getting off this thing !!!! and try to make it out to surf today ... three to five feet !!! Ladies if I am not there tonight call the Coastguards !!! 
Why is it raining ?!? It's not supposed to rain ! So sad ... 
Experiencing Senioritis ... why is school taking soooo long ... 
Suffering from methylmercury poisoning 
Working on my thesis presentation for Friday ... where's my motivation ? 
Is caffeinated and motivated ... ready to finish this and be liberated !!! 
So my fortune cookie says \KEEP YOUR EXPECTATIONS REASONABLE\ " ... what does that mean ??? " 
Presentation went great ! Thanks for the prayers and keeping me in check ... ( like kicking me off of FB ! ) 
UH losing ! No Sheraton Bowl this year ... sorry June Jones . :( 
Just came back from Three Plus Concert . Hitting downtown ! CheeeWhhoooo ! 
is writing about drinking toilet water 
BJ PENN NO < PROPFEMALE > ' OI ! 
Third round submission - triangle or rear naked choke . 
\Let's go I ready for a war\ " !!!!! YAY BJ !!! " 
< PROPFIRST > Rogan to BJ - \you've put on the best performance of your life .... now eat this BALUT !!! \"" 
Hardest week ever , with finals and papers due at one time ... stupid bottlenecks hindering me from graduating Spring 2010 ... ready to hit up a < PROPFEMALE > bar on Thursday and have drunken Japanese karaoke 
Can do cartwheels in her room !!! :D 
\I know audacity !!!! It's the software I use to make music !!! \ " ..... classic lcc moment " 
good times at < PROPFEMALE>'s Kitchen ... just listened to a stirring rendition of \dead or alive\ " by Fiji " 
Nude 
GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT ... I LIKE IT SLICK AND SMOOTH ... NO KINKINESS 
Separation anxiety ... drowning myself in Hawaiian Sun . 
Give a hoot don't pollute !!! 
Why is poi purple when taro chips are white ? 
Three Houses Down feat . Fiji in concert at the World Trade Center February 18 , 2010 !!!! 
Time to almost go sleep .... 
< PROPFEMALE > brown sugar oatmeal with portugues sausage , onions , and garlic .... stick to your ribs delish ! 
Gggrrrr the beaches are rained out , no surf day today ... maybe some cardio kickboxing and the \The Endless Summer\ " to get my fix ... " 
YAH BRA ! Surf's up ! No work , so go out and play because it is ( finally ) a < PROPFEMALE > day ! HAPPY ALOHA FRIDAY FBookers ! 
jumbled up jargon of confidence intervals , p-values , and multiple-partial correlation coefficient tests ... my brain feels so non-significant and accepting the null . 
Enjoying some sauvignon blanc with my statistics 
Who would want some toxicological conseling ???? 
Indigestion from SD Chinese New Years festival ... milk tea w/ strawberry boba , sugar cane juice , < PROPFIRST>'s coffee , pad thai , sausage and egg summer rolls , meats on a stick , sesame seed mochi balls , fried banana , coconut waffles ... oh and some mylanta 
Had to bury my car today ... anyone has a car I can buy ? 
There's a tsunami warning and my dad is washing clothes .... 
My parents called me to tell me they're at the evacuation center ... BIG CITY DINER ! HEH !?! 
Thank you for your blessings Lord and protecting Hawaii !!! Love you ! 
March 13 , 2010 - Fight between Manny Pacquiao and < PROPFIRST > Clottery scheduled ! 
Getting drunk texts at 2 am .... 
Car shopping is sooo stressful ... why did we do away with horse and buggy ? 
Smooth and slick ... cherry ride on my stick !!! \\o0o/ 
Blessed day ... caught a sick wave , watched the girls dance their booty's off for Him , and Clottery got clobbered ( even though I didn't watch the fight ) ... Blessed day ! 
Beautiful day ... sunbathing in my trunk before class 
Menudo so good for a hangover 
Stop and smell the roses ! 
crappy ... frank mir lost ... guess lesnar is gonna be sitting on people for a long time 
Why are UFC results already posted ?!? They forgot < PROPFEMALE > hasn't watched it yet ! 
Inspired by Global Warming 
Staring like I get problem 
Beautiful surf day !!! 2'-3 ' and glassy . A pod of dolphins wanted a piece of the action . My 7-footer was stoked . What an awesome gift from Him . 
\Bureaucracy is the death of all sound work\ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
Don't come between me and my caffeine ! 
One more final and classes are officially over ! Double caffeine fisting with choco covered coffee beans and strawberry iced tea . Where has the time gone ... what to do next ?!? 
\The dose makes the poison\ " -Paracelsus " 
I am waiting for some Hooters . 
\I gotta go and wake up early cuz I gotta go poke holes for the crabs \"" 
All our lives are a Mys'try; we see not where they lead . We are asked now to trust You and we know we must believe . As our feet become Christ's feet we go forth with the grace of the power and the Spirit that is here in this place . 
For those of you who eat poke , would you give a piece of your hair , and take a 15 minute survey for a $3 gift certificate to a fish market ? 
So I google mapped my address from San < PROPMALE > to Waipahu , and google tells me to kayak across the Pacific Ocean 2,756 < PROPMALE > . Jah-larious ! 
To go home or not to go home ... that is the question ... 
My first road trip alone to Vegas . Pray I don't melt on my way there . 
If can , CAN ! If no can ... 
Missin ' out on < PROPFIRST>'s with the girls , for what ? Schoolwork ..... BOOoooOOOOo !!!! GRRrrrrRRR :( 
President Obama supports the right to build an Islamic mosque near Ground Zero . Isn't that a slap in the face to those who perished during 9/11 ? 
Yes cousin , I'm an addict ... 
\Goodbyes are not forever . \ 
You miss 100% of the shots you do not take ... 
What the French Toast ! 
GO UH ! Kick some USC Trojans ! 
YAY PILARES !!! 
DAMN ! Salas is on FI-YAH ! 
Does anyone want homemade karekare and fried saimin ? 
is killing fruit flies through alcohol intoxication . 
First Hillcrest Farmer's Market , Second Babycakes , Third Extraordinary Desserts ... Now SLEEP ! Good times , great friends ! 
OMG ! Surf's up ! 15 foot surf hitting all shores by Wednesday ! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! They were an exclamation point to a question < PROPFIRST > kind of day . If I could share my birthday cake with you , I would . 
< PROPMALE > looks like a piece of steak 
YAY PROTOCOL APPROVED !!!!!! One month of surf and sun ... Hawaii here I come ! 
Harp on his qualities and not on the man ... 
Why was the wave banned from UH football games ???? \ 
Because the Potagee was drowning !!!! JAJAJAJAJA ( silent J ) . 
I miss hearing \Hawai'i Pono'i\ " Can someone sing it to me ? " 
WOW !!! How time flies when you're doing nothing productive ... thanks facebook ! 
YAY !! Excited to poke frogs and catch shrimp at Tamashiro Market ... 10 days , counting down ! 
EIGHT !!! 
SEVEN !!! 
SEVEN MINUS ONE !!! 
FIVE BEEG FAT PEEG ! < Oink , Oink , Oink > 
Does anybody have a 7'-8 ' surfboard for sale in Hawaii ? 
DOS !!! 
ONE ! SO EXCITED I WANNA PEE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ading !! from < PROPFIRST > and r-mel lol 
Happy birthday Jesus ! 
