GO SEE AVATAR IN 3D !!!!!! IT IS EPICNESS !!!! 

is trying to figure out how to organize his poems ...... 
is suffering from blisters on the balls of his feet from running a 6:45 mile in his bare feet ! OWWWW !!! 
is very nervous about the black belt tryouts on Oct . 31 , and the test on Nov . 14 .... 
Today's the day .... Tryouts . Cross your fingers . 
Whew ! Made it through without too much fuss ... Hopefully I done good . 
I'm officially testing for Black belt ! 
Making toffee !!!! ( see note : Saltine Toffee ) 
Toffee is delicious !!! ( see Saltine Toffee recipe ) 
As a standing offer : If you read any poems that I post in my Notes , please comment on how it touched you , affected you , made you feel , whatever ... Thanks ! 
I'm a black belt now .... On Sat ., after I get killed from the 3 hour conditioning , I'm going to get my butt kicked by 4 > 3rd degree instructors , then I will be officially awarded my black belt ...... wish me luck ! 
Wish me luck .... And I hope ya'll can make it .... 
I made it ! Now I get to show off my moves this evening . MAN .... my arms and legs .... are dead ....... 
It's over ....... I'm officially and ( hopefully ) deservedly a black belt in Tae Kwon Do . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > and Bibbitt for coming out and supporting me !!! 
And we're off ! To See Ownage !!!! TSO ;) 
I HATE MY CELL PHONE !!!!!!!! I took 9 different videos of TSO's epic-ness ...... and the mic wasn't turned on ......... :'( 
is so proud of himself !! He taught his first full class ! Even though there were only 4 students , he had the class all to himself ... and he felt almost completely comfortable !! 
IS MEGA-proud of himself .... He just taught someone ( almost 4 y . o . ) who barely even knows English , much less understands it , to do martial arts !! And the kid was doing a great job by the end of the class . 
ø¤ < PROPFEMALE > º°¨¨°º¤ø °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤ < PROPFEMALE > º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° .... Copy and paste and keep the wave going ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
As of yesterday , Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets . To turn this option off , go to Settings , then Privacy , then Meals . Click the top button to not feed the employees of Facebook anything . Copy this to your status to warn your friends ! Unless of course you want your children and pets eaten ... 
FINALS ARE DONE !!! Now I can relax .... Do some ice skating .... piano .... maybe take up knitting .... 
just taught an entire hour of class ( the whole class session ) for the black belt class , on practically on his own ( nods to Mr. Mustafic for the feedback) !!! And most of an upper belt class !! 
Friend-wide survey : What do you think are my best features , my worst features and what you think of me as a person ? Answer honestly through either P.M. or with the Honesty Box on my profile . Thank you . 
Cross your fingers , I'm going in for my driver's test today ... Stay off the roads !!! @ < PROPFEMALE > Osborne : I'm going to try out your formula : stop , go , don't run into anything & red means stop , green means go .... i think ... right ? 
Damn .... Guess what ? Now I have to wait until early Feb to reschedule the test ( DMV schedule is packed ) , which means if I pass on the second try , I'll have my interim license for all of 2 weeks before I can't drive at all ( surgery ) . Sweet ! D: 
Is it just me ? Or do I ALWAYS have to be the one to initiate conversations with people ? Does no one like to talk to me ? Am I really forcing myself on other people ? 
Is it just me ? Or do I ALWAYS have to be the one to initiate conversations with people ? Does no one like to talk to me ? Am I really forcing myself on other people ? 
is eating popcorn . :) 
cannot for the life of him , figure out what to do on Monday while all of his friends are at school .............. Suggestions ? 
is wondering how the hell some people come up with the ideas they have about some people . He believe that he is an honest and respectful person .... So why are there people ( you know who you are ) who insist on thinking that his only goal is to take advantage of people ? Why do people intentionally hurt others who only want to be friends ? Please respond .... 
is wondering how the hell some people come up with the ideas they have about some people . He believe that he is an honest and respectful person .... So why are there people ( you know who you are ) who insist on thinking that his only goal is to take advantage of people ? Why do people intentionally hurt others who only want to be friends ? Please respond .... 
I PASSED !!!! 
.... 
I am sorry for the things I've done to hurt people .... I'm sorry for the things that make you cry .... I'm sorry if I disappointed you .... but I can't help how I feel .... I can't change what path my life may take .... But I was there for you ..... Do I , even in my potential naivete , not therefore deserve the favor returned ? 
Walk with me , my true friends ...... walk with me .... and leave those who don't understand .... behind 
Thank you all ( those few .... ) who support me ... even though the one whose support I really want .... will never give it .... 
And now I lose my best friend ..... forever ? 
I apologize to anyone who had to suffer the foul language expressed by my ( now ex-)friend ..... He's highly opinionated and is only slightly ( I wish !! ) pissed off at my decision of who I like . 
Love those close , save those near , Avoid the pain , Stay away from the tears ... 
And I survived ! 
You never appreciate real food until you have lived off nothing but tomato soup , corn soup , cranberry juice , apple juice , and Ensure for 2 weeks ..... BLAGH !!!!!!! It's only been 4 days and I'm already sick of it !!!! 
oh , hey , I'm online and with no one to talk to . Anybody wanna chat , flash me a chat ! 
Wii Resort , and the soundtracks for The Music Man , Avenue Q , and The Nightmare Before Christmas have arrived . A day early ... Excessive boredom is gone ! Now lonely boredom is still coming . 
I'm a terrible person . I may seem nice , but I must be a terrible person .... 
is ecstatic because tomorrow he gets his jaw unwired . He'll actually be able to pretend that he can eat real food !!! 
...... 
Happy Pi day ! 
\I wanna hold your hand ..... I wanna hold your hand . \"" 
\It's a beautiful day .... \"" 
I'm safe .... Thank you .... Thank you ... 
NOOoooo !!!! 
What do you do when you don't trust yourself to talk to anyone except ..... but talking to that person only makes it hurt more ? How do you mend the pieces without running away from the problem ? Or not knowing how to solve it in the first place ? 
Mistakes ... 
Still feel like I don't get any feedback ... feeling lonely over here ... or am I just really not that interesting ? 
I HATE HE SAID/SHE SAID !!!!! WHY CAN'T I JUST GET THE TRUTH AND BE DONE WITH IT !!!!!! 
is silent 
Help ! 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/I-can-spend-hours-with-you-and-I-still-miss-you-as-soon-as-i-leave/409642790231 
DON'T PANIC ! 
PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT CHILDREN WITH SPECIAL NEEDS DON'T HAVE AN ILLNESS , SO THERE IS NO CURE & IT IS NOT CONTAGIOUS . THEY ONLY WANT WHAT WE ALL WANT , TO BE ACCEPTED !!! 93% OF YOU PROBABLY WON'T COPY AND PASTE THIS . WILL YOU BE IN THE 7 % THAT WILL , AND LEAVE IT ON YOUR STATUS FOR LEAST AN HOUR . IT'S SPECIAL EDUCATION WEEK !!! 
true friend doesn't care if your house is messy , if you don't have money this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are blessed to have at least one true friend ... 
I might not be pretty or sexy , not have the perfect body or be beautiful .. I might not be anyones first choice either .. but .. I'm ME ! I don't pretend to be somebody else ... Might not be proud of some of the things I've done , but I'm proud of who I am today !! Copy this and post it to your profile if you live your life being you and you are DAMN proud of it !!! 
Does doing mean things , even if you don't like , want , or intend to do them , make you a mean person ? 
' s bike just got stolen .... :( I'm on the grid now .... In the system ! THEY KNOW WHO I AM AND BIG BROTHER HAS MY NUMBER !!!!!! 
still doesn't understand why if he looks at anyone else's Facebook Walls , he sees lots of other people commenting on posts , or the person's pictures , etc . But if he looks at his wall .... There are maybe 10 total posts that have responses , and only a few pictures with comments ... Am I THAT boring ? Or does nobody even look at my posts ? 
COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS . You can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my full honesty , but I dare you to put this as your status & see what questions you get asked . 
Love is when you take away the feeling , the passion , the romance and you find out you still care for that person . ?? <<<<< great line Take me as I am , or watch me as I go . 
is really starting to wish he had The Sims 3 . grrrrr 
Well ... I'm legal now . I can eat and drink whatever I want , in any quantity until it kills me ( I don't know why I'd want to ... but hey .. it's a thought ) Now , all I have to do is find an alcoholic beverage that's worth more than just a sip . \ 
\ 
Suggestions anyone ? 
Cleaning ...... Can't wait 1)to assist in sparring with the black belt candidates @ < PROPFEMALE>'s Best Karate , come over to ABK next to the PW Market on Almaden Expressway 11am-1pm ! 2)My birthday party this evening !! :D 
\Apologizing ; \ 
Just had an AMAZING day with his girlfriend and her family !!! Almaden Lake was an absolute blast , couldn't've asked for a better time ! 
Waiting ..... Waiting ..... Waiting ..... ( GARRRR !!!! ) Six months will be here in 2 weeks and 5 days ....... I can't wait to surprise her !!! 
is eagerly and impatiently counting down the days ( 18 btw ) with bated breath . 
R.I.P. Grandma Vina . \ 
Now we're off to New Mexico sometime within the next couple days . 
And we're off !....... ( not to see the Wizard , and we're definitely not following any Yellow Brick Road ) 
BEST DATE EVER ! ( Why , ph , why , couldn't I have gotten her dinner order right though ...? ) 
At least 6 , no 7 , of my friends didn't sleep hardly at all last night . As did I . Who else either had trouble getting to sleep , or just didn't get any sleep last night ? 
SO SORE from swimming !!!! 30laps ( 750m ) in 30minutes ... and I was one of the slower people ... 
WEST VALLEY COLLEGE UPDATE !!! \ 
School is closed for the rest of the day , including evening classes . In theory , power will be back by tomorrow morning . Keep checking http://www.wvm.edu/emergency/\ 
for more information . 
< PROPFEMALE > Talk Like A Pirate Day , me mateys ! 
Who can I trust to keep personal information to themselves .........? \ 
Like this status if I can't trust you , comment if I can . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93 ... % of ... people won't repost this because they don't know how to copy & paste ! 
\You just walk in 
Having trouble breathing ... I broke a promise . 
In order for there to be a post on Facebook that says \David Jaxon is now friends with .... \ " I have to actually find friends first . Sound easy ? Not if you aren't that interesting to start with and relating to people is one of the hardest things for me . " 
is sad . I just realized that the Outer Bay exhibit ( the famous million gallon tank ) at the Monterey Bay Aquarium is close and will be for around a year ... No more giant freakin ' tuna , and no sunfish , and no great white shark , Galapagos ( wow , she's smooth ) ... :( 
Like\ 
this status and ill write a letter to you . Dear_______ , you have a \ 
cute________ . If we were in a room together , i would_________ . Me and \ 
you should__________ . If you hugged me , I would_____ . You are__________ . \ 
I'd get your name tattooed on my________ . You have just been dared to \ 
make this your status ... * sigh * 
Ifyou're brave copy this to your status and see what people rate you : ( 1)good looking ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) strong ( 7 ) dumb ( 8 ) hot ( 9 ) funny ( 10 ) cool ( 11 ) beautiful ( 12 ) amazing ( 13 ) cute ( 14 ) dramatic ( 15 ) went out with you ( 16 ) bestfriend ... ( 17 ) 
If you're\ 
brave copy this to your status and see what people rate you : ( 1)good \ 
looking ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6)\ 
strong ( 7 ) dumb ( 8 ) hot ( 9 ) funny ( 10 ) cool ( 11 ) beautiful ( 12 ) amazing\ 
( 13 ) cute ( 14 ) dramatic ( 15 ) went out with you ( 16 ) bestfriend ... ( 17 ) ... sigh 
packing and running around and homework and meetings and appointments .... all in one day ... At least I get to spend the afternoon tomorrow with my girlfriend !!! 
is wishing nothing but to be in the arms of the person who needs him right now . 
Answers are easy . It's asking the right questions which is hard . 
people make mistakes in life . doesn't mean you have to be watched or checked up on . mind your own business because I'm sure your life isn't perfect either 
Sometimes when it seems there's nothing you can do , its time to do nothing . 
QUESTION : New friends ? What new friends ? How come I never seem to get them ? Are my standards too high for entry into my circle ? How do other people make friends so easily ? 
5:30 was too early to wake up .... But for black belt testing I have make an exception . Congratulations to all candidates ! 
Now , you just have to ask yourself one question ... You know who you are . 
This Thanksgiving , I think I really truly have something that I actually am really thankful for .... beyond the standard house , family , food , etc . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
Applied to four universities : UC Merced , and CSUs Monterey Bey , Sonoma , East Bay . On the last day of submission . Now to prepare for putting together < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s application . MAJOR CRUNCH TIME . And the funny thing is ... This is worse than Finals week crunch , which I've never had problems with ... 
Black belt prep class : noon-2pm , friends b-day : 3pm- 6:30 pm , 10month anniversary date/Gf's 20th b-day : the rest of the evening . Let's hope things go smoothly ! 
maybe it's the fact that I haven't left my room at all today except to eat , cuz I've spent the whole time studying and doing homework , but I'm feeling pretty down . and then I see a bunch of my facebook friends posting that they each have at least 3 more friends ... Makes me wonder once again if I'm really friendship material .... hardly anyone likes talking to me ... 
Finals are over . I ruined myself on linear algebra . Hopefully I did ok though . 
I taught TWO FULL classes today !! Upper belts with mostly full success , and adult class with a self defense that I made up to teach , and then I ran a workout section . \ 
The upper belt class was really cool cuz I taught a weapon form ( tonfa , in case you were curious ) that I literally made up about 2 seconds before I actually taught the next move ! 
The best night of my life was tonight . This is Love . 
Anybody know why it is that every time I try to do something cutesy and romantic for my girlfriend , either the world is against me , or I just simply fail at it ? 
I shouldn't have called her ... 
My goal for this year is to be more assertive and less sad . I'm single , I should be happy about the freedom . I'm going to be going to a great school , I'm going to get into a great career that I Love . And I'm going to get into a great relationship that is equal and balanced and stable and Loving . These will happen . I promise myself this . 
Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours . 
sick :( + hot cider []} = :D !! 
Feeling much better . Finally ! And just in time to go to work tomorrow . Yay ! :D < PROPFIRST > is a happy single man . 
So ... I got two spam calls today . Two different spam calls . 4 hours apart . From the same number 914-339-9509 
Somebody please tell me that I can get a ride on Tuesdays and Thursdays to West Valley at 8:30 am and give me a ride back around noon- 12:30 ? 
There are the normal\ 
( . )( . ) , the silicone ( + )( + ) , the perfect ( o)(o ) Some are cold (^) (^) and some belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large ( o Y o ) , the very small (.) (.) and the asymetrical (•) (.) We love them all ! Post this message on your wall and say ??? ( D_D) ??? to breast cancer ... 
I have a bottle of Martinelli's Sparkling Cider that I was saving for that special someone on < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Now I don't know what to do with it .... 
Too much school work . Longer work hours . College campus tours that eat up entire days . And I'm having relationship issues . So much for bad things in threes , now we've graduated to four at-a-time . 
I want to talk to her , but I can't answer . If I do , she won't like the answer and she'll get angry and hurt . If I don't , she'll think I'm ignoring her . I Love her , and I don't want to lose her . She's so upset ..... It hurts so much .... I miss her . 
EVERYTHING AND EVERYBODY FREEZE ! My mind can't handle this , too much is piling up ! My heart can't handle this , too much is cramming in . My body can't handle this , too much is being strained . My soul can't handle this , too much pian , will it ever end !!! 
Swamped with hw and 48 hours till black belt essays are due . Perseverance , role modeling , and punctuality . Ugh , gotta maintain them . \ 
That being said , my self-imposed work-only isolation period begins ... Now . 
Your car is Japanese . Your Vodka is Russian . Your pizza is Italian . Your kebab is Turkish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your movies are American . Your Beers are < PROPMALE > . Your shirt is Indian . Your oil is Saudi Arabian . Your electronics are Chinese . Your < PROPFIRST > -Arabic , your letters -Latin . And you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant ? Pull yourself together ! \ 
like if you're against racism . 
I take responsibility for my mistakes , but sometimes ( more frequently these days it seems ) , I'm blaming stress . \ 
I am breaking my word . This is not who I am . I'm better than this . \ 
What's wrong with me ? 
I've done so much to try to be the thing that everyone wants , \ 
To a large extent , I've done that . \ 
But it has made me too nice , too vulnerable . \ 
I've got college planning , par t-t ime job , full-time work , a new relationship , and a painful and very complicated ex situation . \ 
And I don't handle stress and emotional pain nearly as well as most people . 
I've been on my feet almost all day . Teaching all morning , tryouts early afternoon , then advanced training early evening . Except for fatigue , a good day though . 
I PASSED TRYOUTS !!!!!!!!!!!! I'm going to be testing for 2nd degree on March 26th !!!! WOOT ! 
What can anyone tell me about the movie \Source Code \"?" 
Breaking News : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On and crashed into We All Have Problems before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate can be forwarded to 1-800- wha-aaah with Dr. Snivel . Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' ........ If you like this repost to your status . 
Do not try to Love , for you will create the illusion . Instead , simply try to be , and Love will create itself . 
http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/pep_talk.png 
\you know how they made Togepi ? The pokemon ? Well 
literally 22 hours till the black belt test conditioning . \ 
26 hours till the board-breaking and sparrring\ 
33 hours till the ceremony and I receive my belt ..... NERVES !!!!! \ 
( I know that I'll do fine , but that doesn't mean my anxiety disorder knows that ) 
I want to say CONGRATULATIONS to a very special person , who is dear to my heart , but i can't because I'm not supposed to , and I promised I wouldn't say anything to unless she said something first ..... stupid promises ... I wish I hadn't made that one now .... It would be really nice to talk to her again ... 
I survived conditioning !!!! Please come down and watch the second portion of the test where me and the other second degree candidate will be sparring against multiple instructors , board breaking , and all our weapons forms !!! Check my events < PROPFEMALE > for the address and time ! 
And I am officially a 2nd degree black belt in TaeKwondo ! 
Everybody be on the lookout for hackers !!! At least two of my friends have been hacked . Check your profiles regularly and change your passwords to be more secure . Helpful security tip : replacing letters with < PROPFIRST > . ex . rip >> r1p , or get >> 63t . KEEP YOURSELF SAFE ! 
I had a dream , perhaps the most realistic dream I've ever had about the VIP that I made the stupid promise to . She was sitting in a park wearing a white dress with a giant flower pattern covering most of it . As I walked past , she stood up , walked over to me and hugged me .... The dress looked AMAZING on her , best dress I've ever seen on her . I miss her ... Should I break my promise ? 
I want to give some stuff back , that belongs to her , but I don't know how to do it without her getting mad at me for having kept it even though I really haven't had a < PROPMALE > to give it back .... I also don't want her getting mad at me for letting it go .... \ 
What do I do ? 
\On behalf of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > University 
