is thinking the summer is a great time to get addicted to new sci fi ! 

successfully drove a stick shift for the first time in real traffic last night ! 
Anyone in Galesburg interested in going to coffee Tuesday ? Give me a call if you're interested ! 
has to start packing so she can move to Michigan soon ... This is weird . 
is going to officially move to Mt Pleasant tomorrow , though the furniture won't be there for another two weeks ... 
made it to Michigan in one piece and is as moved in as she can be without furniture ! 
is going to be in Colorado Springs from tomorrow until Sunday to pack up her life . If you're around and want to < PROPFEMALE > out , give her a call ! 
is wondering if there's anyone still around in the Springs or if everyone has already left ... 
is almost done packing her life . Unfortunately , the bookshelf is the task to be tackled tomorrow ... 
is getting on the road to Michigan just as soon as she finds coffee !! 
made it to Michigan and is currently making things look pretty ! Two rooms down , two to go . Also , food is becoming necessary ... 
done with the moving/settling in and waiting for classes to start Monday . Where did summer go ? 
survived day one , but is really sleepy ... Reading may have to turn into a marathon tomorrow if I want to actually get anything out of it . 
just commenced a counter attack against yellow jackets with her vacuum cleaner ! 
is going to bed regardless of party status in the apartments around her . Hopefully a sleeping pill will solve that problem ... 
has one class today and then is getting out of dodge for a real weekend ( i.e. minimal work for grad school) ! 
is back to the daily grind 
is at a loss to create interesting statuses ... maybe if there were more sleep and less work her brain would function ? 
it does not change everything we know about evolution and human history when we find skulls that show evidence of early homo erectus in Tbilisi . It changes one fact about one species out of billions . Even if this one fact is important , it doesn't overturn decades of research into any of those other species or even most of the other hominins ! 
likes when papers are specific as to their definitions . For example , \normative understanding of post-pubertal heterosexual rape\ " as opposed to the one word \ " rape\ " that most other papers would probably use . " 
Last first exam of grad school ( if that makes any sense ) ... Here's hoping it goes more like History than Physio ! 
adopted a 7 month old kitten today . Check out the new album if you want to see pictures ! 
is heading to class and then getting on the road to Illinois !! 
rain = Halloween in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor . A good time will be had by all ! 
Actually , it looks like it'll be Halloween in Mt Pleasant after all ! 
If I were still at Knox , the term would almost be over . As it is , I just finished the second round of midterms ... Over a month left does not equal happy < PROPFEMALE > . 
Michigan weather seems to sap me of my motivation to do things such as homework . Hopefully this will change before I get too far behind ... 
only halfway failed at baking cookies ! This is quite the accomplishment as anyone who has ever seen the products of previous attempts can attest . Only a couple are transparent and there's even one batch of semi-fluffy cookies !! 
wishes she had more motivation to study for her exam tomorrow ... 
just wrote a 21 < PROPFEMALE > term paper in two days . Take that grad school . 
eviscerated her term paper tonight , but managed to cut it down a bit which was the goal ! 
It appears Michigan likes me about as much as I like it . At least we agree ! 
finally heading to Illinois !!! 
is heading into the final stretch ... If I have failed to call or write recently , that's why . Expect contact after the 7th . 
When did December happen ? And why am I still in classes ? 
Beat the physio paper into submission and now just has finals to study for . If only the snow would go away ... 
turned in my paper and now just has two finals this morning before I can officially claim to have survived semester 1 of grad school . Currently I'm just crossing my fingers irony doesn't win and I don't get hit by a bus on the way to them ... 
survived the first semester of grad school ! Now to go into a coma for a while ... 
finally finished cleaning the apartment ! It's amazing how different it looks ... 
is heading out to the airport and hoping O'Hare is in a good enough mood to not delay her flights ... 
O'Hare tried its best , but I still made it back to Colorado ! 
survived various airports despite the best efforts put forth by them ! Now it's off to Milwaukee for New Years !! 
feels old ... I spent the afternoon cleaning the apartment to light jazz . 
just spent the night reading about SEM and path analysis . Now it's off to read a cookbook before bed ! 
thinks APA is silly , especially when trying to find all the necessary information to cite doctoral dissertations ... 
was fairly successful in my first attempt at homemade soup . It doesn't really look too appetizing , but it was good enough to eat ! 
totally fogot about my S Club 7 album until right now when it started playing ! 
was very successful with the cream of parsley soup last night and it made for great leftovers for today ! 
Bioshock 2 !!!!! Now if only I had the time to devote solely to it ... 
is in the lab doing data entry before the slasher movie marathon tonight . Sounds like an ideal < PROPFIRST>'s to me ! 
probably shouldn't have turned on the Olympics , but the figure skaters are so pretty and sparkly ... Real work can totally get done during commercial breaks , right ? 
is going to try actually sleeping tonight and see if that improves the motivation to work tomorrow ... 
thought I was unproductive until I looked at my schedule and realized I did everthing I wanted to do today . It's an odd feeling ... 
Spending the day with The Lancet , my thesis , and a midterm . I've had better Fridays ... 
Two questions for the day : 1 ) Why does the cat only want to be pet when you're not petting her , and 2 ) Why are motivation to work and workload always inversely related ? 
I totally finished the exam more than 45 minutes before it was due . This makes me a rock < PROPFEMALE > , right ? 
If I keep averaging one new piece of information per half hour , I might finish this presentation in a couple weeks . Unfortunately , I'm presenting in 42 hours ... 
is declaring the presentation done enough to get some sleep . Not sure about actual quality , but there are slides with words on them ... 
Happy Pi Day !! 
enjoys yoga , but is slightly creeped out by the name ' Corpse Pose ' ... 
my cat is apparently a mix between a puppy and a fainting goat ... 
Is a little productivity too much to hope for on a warm , < PROPFEMALE > Friday ? 
I love reading series of journal articles that effectively break down to ' I'm right ' , ' No , I'm right ' , and so on . It helps me feel mature . 
just got a productivity package from Japan ! Here's hoping Asian productivity serves me better than the American type I've been using . 
just got a productivity care package from Japan ! Here's hoping Asian productivity serves me better than the American type I've been using . 
is leaving the internet behind for the weekend . Should be interesting ... 
now that I'm back , I'm in desperate need of productivity . Why are there only 24 hours in a day ? 
right after I said more movies need to end with dancing zombies , I watch the episode of The X-Files that ends with dancing zombies ! That pretty much just made my night . 
Days which start by playing piano are always better than any other kind of day ! 
is now accepting bets on whether or not she'll survive the next two weeks ... 
is a doofus . 
had her status hijacked , but is glad at least some people out there didn't agree with the previous one . ;) 
totally figured out how to replace a laptop keyboard ( mostly thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Bassett Pfaff) ! 
Happy Flunk Day to those still left at Knox ! Wish I could be there too ! 
is going to hide from the internet today in the hopes that it will make me more productive . Five projects to go before I can call this year officially over ... 
is down to three projects . This term needs to be over yesterday ... 
one more project and then year 1 is done ! 
After 25 hours of work , minus 2 hours for sleep , the final project of my first year is finally done . Printing it out , turning it in , and collapsing in a puddle of exhaustion ... 
is on the way to Galesburg !! 
feels slightly more badass after learning my allergy medication might be illegal in Japan . 
Babylon 5 on Instant Viewing for the win ! 
will be in the Springs tonight until Aug . 14 . If you're in the area and want to do something , give me a call/fb me ! 
As this was most likely my last summer break ever , I wish it had been about a month longer . But at least I should be done with school for a while in less than a year ! 
saw Christmas lights up today and died a little inside ... 
finds myself missing SMC's math lounge and C-Store chai lattes on days when I have 12+ hours of work to do ... 
is finally done grading and has just one more article to read before devoting the next two days to thesis proposal writing . Now it's off to the short amount of sleep to start it all off .... 
is reading about a study which tested familiarity with names by comparing common names to made-up Klingon names . I'm officially in love with these researchers ( and wondering if I can incorporate Klingon's in my thesis as well .... ) ! 
finished beating down the introduction to the thesis proposal ! 
One thesis proposal draft , done and submitted to adviser . One grad student , tired and missing her bedroom .... 
just found a CD-ROM with a bunch of stuff from senior year in high school . Quite the trip down memory < PROPFIRST > ! 
Postseason is finally decided and all I'm doing is rooting for any one of seven teams to beat the Yankees . This year was not good for any of my \home\ " teams ... " 
really does not have the time to deal with teen spirit this weekend ... Could we add another day to this weekend after homecoming is over so the kids can have their fun , but I can have the time I need to work in a quiet apartment ? 
just submitted my thesis to the IRB . Let the waiting game begin ... 
The Rangers beat the Yankees and all is right in the world . 
is wearing her Dorsal , Ventral shirt today in the hopes that it's power will transfer to her programming exam tonight ... 
just got IRB approval for her thesis !!!!! 
thinks it's time to end the post-reinforcement pause and get back to work . It was good while it lasted ... 
Apparently Illinois is the California of the Midwest ! 
The one train in Mount Pleasant just went by and for a minute I flashed back to the constant barrage of trains in Galesburg . At least MP is better than Galesburg in one way ( and no other I can think of ) ... 
is heading back to St. < PROPFIRST > after a hectic but enjoyable trip to Colorado . 
had money , but then had to pay bills and buy textbooks . At least this was the last time I'll ever do one of those things ! Final semester of grad school , I'm ready to take you on . 
wants to find < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and hug her for creating the best vegetarian chili recipe ever ! 
is officially defending her thesis March 23 ! 
