Getting ready to watch the 49ers 

Winning never gets old 
hates everything right now 
Manny looks a little sluggish . Anyone else think he needs to start taking fertility drugs again ? 
Watching the Angel game 
Just another Halo Victory ! 
Go Angels ! 
recovering from a night of drinking 
Sweep , sweep , sweep . Go Halos ! 
is it friday yet ? 
The networks have completely f#$@&% up the LCS schedule . NLCS game 2 starts at 1:30 pm , ALCS game 3 starts at 1:15 pm .... stupid . Now I have to record game 3 and watch after work on Monday . 
Lets go Angels ! 
I dont know which I hate more , the Yanks or their fans 
Save = most overrated stat in baseball 
Lizz and I are having a boy ! This made my night !!!! 
Big Bear !!!!!!!!! 
good start to the day . i was able to contact the one person i needed to so we could discuss some important things . now time to enjoy my loooong weekend . 
bored ... 
March 20th cant come fast enough 
I was able to eat a salad without any issues for the first time since my surgery . Next up , raw veggies . My dr was right , 2 yrs after surgery and my diet would be back to normal . I'm stoked 
Suddenly I feel old when I have a conversation about actors with a 13 yr old and he has never heard of < PROPMALE > Hanks , < PROPMALE > Gibson , or < PROPFIRST > Costner . I almost lost it when he asked if they are as good as < PROPFIRST > Sandler . 
You go out of your way to try and do something thoughtful for someone and they essentially say ' ah , you shouldn't have ' . frustrating ... 
No work until < PROPFIRST > 4th !!!! 
Spiked eggnog , yum 
Avatar in 3-D tonite ! 
Putting the finishing touches on my best man speech 
Is their a right way to react to someone that you dislike telling you they had a dream you tried to kill them ? I said good morning and walked away ... 
Is there a right way to react to someone you dislike telling you they had a dream you tried to kill them ? I said good morning and walked away ... 
Watching the Three Amigos ! 
Forgive me , El Guapo . I know that I , Jefe , do not have your superior intellect and education . But could it be that once again , you are angry at something else , and are looking to take it out on me ? 
i hate when i post a status that was meant to be a comment 
I want an acoustic guitar . Anyone wanna teach me how to play ? 
I'm watching curling ..... sad 
I lost my drivers license and now have to go to the DMV on Monday morning . Damit ! 
Playing MLB 2K10 . Time to win my million bucks . 
I'm trying to find something to do to pass the time ... 
14 day until my first born's due date 
I'm frustrated with the current situation 
13 days .... not like im counting down or anything 
Searching for baby names . I know its late in the game but I might find a new name I really like . 
11 days 
I'm a dad !!!!!!!!!! 
Does know a good family law attourney ? 
For all those wanting to know his name and birth info . His name is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and he was 20 inches , 7lbs 13 oz at birth 
2 days in and I'm starting to learn what baby momma drama is .... FML 
Thank you to everyone who has called , texted , or messaged me in the last 48 hrs . You're love and support means a lot to me . 
WTF Gtown ! ur killing my bracket !!! 
how is it possible that college fooseball execs watch college bball and still think the bcs is a good idea ?? pure stupidity 
My passion bucket is full today 
Opening Day !!!!!!!! 
I got Angels tix for tomorrow nite . Beer garden here I come ! 
I'm going to the Angels game tonight ! 
Determined .... 
The man shower was a success ! I got a lot of great gifts that < PROPMALE > and I will enjoy . Thanks to everyone that went !! 
court , work , laker game . at least i can look forward to something today .... is it friday yet ? 
My DVR died . I'm glad I was caught up on my tv shows 
Baseball needs instant replay . Ump blew a perfecto b/c his old ass missed the final out at 1B tongiht . I feel bad for Gallaraga . 
Dirty play by the Brewers 3B . Fuck that guy . Hit Braun or Fielder in the middle of the back ! 
Winning never gets old . Go Lakers !!! 
This is my last father's day without my son . One day you will understand just how hard I fought for you . 
Court tomorrow . Time to figure out all the details with visitation and custody 
I finally get to see < PROPMALE > on Wednesday . Pics are soon to follow . 
getting ready to go see < PROPMALE > for the 1st time since he was 2 days old . im so excited ! 
This afternoon was amazing ! I am absolutely adore my son and can't wait to see him again . 
I am becoming a picture freak with < PROPMALE > . 
@ 11:40 pm < PROPMALE > will be 4 months old . I have enjoyed every minute I've gotten to spend with him this past wk . I'm finally starting to feel like a dad . 
I'm listening to some 90's music and missing < PROPMALE > . I can't wait to spend time with him on my b-day . He finally gets to meet my side of the family and I am soooooo stoked ! 
Loving the < PROPFIRST > Haren trade ! Great job Halos !!! 
If you speak Spanish when I answer the phone and then dont say anything in English when I tell you to please hold in Spanish , then don't call back and cuss me out in PERFECT ENGLISH b/c you had to wait more than 2 minutes . I hate people ... 
Has a team ever been no-hit 3x in a season ? ESPN just confirmed that there are dual no-no's happening on ESPN 
Saturday is the last day I am required to spend my time with < PROPMALE > at Lizz's house . I finally get to be my own parent to < PROPMALE > . Monday can't come fast enough ! All is right in the world . 
i think i just threw up in my mouth . 
I hear a beer manufacturer in Connetticut is now accepting applications 
< PROPMALE > is 5 months old today !!! The look he gets when he sees me at the beginning of every visit makes me melt . 
Im listening to The < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Show and now I want to play whiffle ball . I miss playing tape ball at my house in Fountain Valley ... Fed Ex Field , you were good to me for 2 yrs . I think I have permanent whiplash from all the bombs I gave up in that 1/3 bball court we played in . 
Go to work , check . Decipher co-workers hieroglyphics , check . Spend the evening with < PROPMALE > , check . Get irritated with Lizz when I drop him off , check .. someone’s got a case of the Monday’s and it’s me ! Is it Friday yet ? 
Off to the aquarium with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and nat ! 
< PROPMALE>'s 6 mo measurements : 27 1/4 inches and 14 lbs 8 oz 
Moving back to HB Thanksgiving weekend ! Im soooo stoked ! 
1st over night with < PROPMALE > has been a success . Stressfull b/c it was the 1st time but a success none the less . I cant wait til he wakes up in the morning so we can go to breakfast with his grandma ! 
The Big 10 ( with 12 football teams ) let a 10 yr old name their 2 divisions- Legends and Leaders . ESPN's < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > reports that the SEC just renamed their divisions to Liars and Cheats . 
anyone looking to move out ? the place im living will have a room available < PROPFIRST > 1st . its behind vons on springdale and edinger . 
About to go to Toys R Us to grab some toys for < PROPMALE > . I really need to start shopping much earlier than 2 days before xmas . 
This was by far the best Christmas I've had since my dad passed . 
Medal of Honor is better than the reviews . 1 mission complete and its a pretty sick game . 
This has been a very trying yr that tested my < PROPFEMALE > , will , and < PROPFEMALE > but ultimately made me a much better person . I cant wait to start the new yr by spending the day with my son < PROPMALE > ! 
Filling out paperwork for court ... yay ... I wish I could enjoy my last day of vacation doing something else . 
The CA court system is so retarded ! They will not accept a scanned signature for a document yet accept a faxed signature . WTF ???? 
About to play Black Ops for the 1st time . Stoked ! 
The crock pot = amazing 
I filed my taxes but I'm getting half of what I got back last yr . Sucks ... 
Does anyone know any good co-parenting councelors/ family and marriage therapists in hb ? 
I hope Monday will be my last day in family court for a yr . I'm beginning to become a regular there ... 
Quote of the day so far , United Concordia rep on using a fax- “sending things by fax is not what a fax machine is for . ” 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! I can't believe my boy is 1 yrs old today ! 
10 yrs ago today my father passed away from cancer . It is hard to believe that it has been a decade since my world was rocked by the loss of my dad . I love you dad and I hope you are proud of the man I have become . 
Disrespectful and rude roommate is really getting on my nerves . Why can't people just be chill in their last week before moving and not be a douche ? 
