HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!!!! my dog hates the fireworks going off ... haha 

stupid rain went and melted all the snow :P 
went ice skating today :D 
2 more days of School !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
facebook is awsome lol ! 
took graduation pictures in our caps and gowns in the RAIN ! lol :) 
one more day of high school , for the rest of my life ! 
i cant believe its my last day of school - doesnt quite feel like it ... 
Thanx everybody for the bday wishes !!! :) 
life is good :) 
Happy Memorial Day ! 
a time to search and a time to give up , a time to keep and a time to throw away , a time to tear and a time to mend , a time to be silent and a time to speak , a time to love ... 
i just got a laptop ! yay ! cant go to church tonight :'( have to go to graduation rehearsal 
i have to make a speech at my graduation !!!! AHHHHH !!!!! i dont like speeches !! 
loved spending my last evening in town with some good friends ! :) 
i leave tonight ! i wont be on facebook for a while :( if u want 2 talk 2 me call/text me or write me a letter :) message me before 6 and i can give u my address :) 
“Do not be anxious about anything , but in everything by prayer and petition , present your requests to God . And the peace of God , which transcends all understanding , will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus . ” Philippians 3:6 , 7 
as i look back on pictures of me from graduation and high school it feels like a lifetime ago , even though its only been about a month - i feel like a whole new person living a whole new life exactly where God wants me to be and yet with this new life comes new struggles and new heartbreaks 
headed back to wildwood :) 
home for tonight and it feels weird ... being away from camp ... only 2 weeks left ! :( 
my summer is at wildwood is over ... i cant believe it ! after spending 2 months spending every waking moment with the same people , working together it feels like a part of me is missing to be away from them ... the love that grows between fellow servants of christ is amazing and beautiful ... im so sad the summer is over ... but im looking forward to the new adventure god has in front of me 
im packing for kentucky ... i never realized how much STUFF i have and how many clothes ! definitely an explosion in my room ! 
AHHHHHHH !!!!! my last day at home before i leave for college !!!!! exciting and scary ... 
leaving for Kentucky today 
well , just arrived in Wilmore , KY im so excited to move in tomorrow ! :) 
i have no service in wilmore kentucky ... i guess i have to get a new phone ... sorry to anyone who has tried to call me and cant get through ... 
posted my address for anyone who wants to send me a letter :) 
the last few days have been sort of stressful but feeling the presence of God during chapel today reminded me why im here 
funny how moving 400 < PROPMALE > away reveals true friends ... 
why is reading about ancient greece so DIFFICULT ! 
the most important relationship of our lives is with Christ , no matter where we go or who we miss He will ALWAYS be with us . 
lesson about heating up food : chicken that feels hot on the outside isnt always hot on the inside and cold chinese chicken doent taste as good as when its hot ... 
They shall mount up with wings like eagles , They shall run and not be weary\ 
Is . 40:31 
starbucks coffee and comfy chairs in a quiet library makes studying for a big test ... less stressful 
whole floor of girls , three washing machines , two out of order and the other full of clothes ... grrrr .... 
im meeting famous horse world people !!!!! its so exciting ! =] 
i miss Mt . Zion !!! :( i have yet to find a ' home ' church here in kentucky 
loud dance parties on the floor above you because its 10:10 on 10-10-10 , oh my goodness ... 
life is crazy ! 
good old KY burgoo in a huge pot , stirred with a big piece of wood , hahaha , and some cornbread and pumpkin pie ! yum ! home-cooking ! :) 
went to dinner with dust marks on my pants from bareback riding hahaha 
fall pause , no class on monday ! :) Campus is EMPTY ! 
saw < PROPFIRST > Made today !!!! :) <3 
Job 39:19 -24\ 
\Do you give the horse his strength or clothe his neck with a flowing mane ? \ 
spent all day today at CHURCHILL DOWNS !!!!! <3 :) watched beautiful thoroughbreds race and ate lunch ( free ) at a fancy banquet in the Triple Crown Room on the 5th floor of the Jockey Club Suites !!!! < PROPFEMALE > COOL <3<3 
grrr ... dorm laundry machines .... quarter eaters ! :P 
11 more days :) <3 
10 more days <3 haha 
9 
8 :) 
7 <3 
6 ... this week is really going by slow ! :) 
5 
4 <3 :D 
4 
3 <3 
2 !!!!!!! 
1 !!!! :D :D 
HOME :D after 7 hrs in a car and 3 tall cups of intense coffee you get a little ADD ! lol :D 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
soon to be headed back to Kentucky ... 
:( for all the people in Michigan I didnt get to see over break ... miss you :( 
its been a very RAINY cold day ! :P 
ITS SNOWING !!!! :D 
read over my encouragement notes from the summer , oh i miss you wildwood <3 
<3 i can't help it , i love it here in kentucky 
last class of the symester OVER ! just finals and then on home for Christmas :D <3 
christmas caroling on horseback is one of my new favorite things :D 
snowy blustery cold day :) 
first final today , pray for me ! :) two days and i'll be home :D 
Finals all done !!! big ice storm coming , going to try to beat it home ... 
home again , home again ... finally after 8hrs of driving ! ugh ! :) 
i love making christmas cookies :D 
visiting < PROPFIRST > today :D 
cleaning house today , tomorrow is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !! :D big , fun , family party and caroling , love it :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !! :D 
going to the district tonight :) 
spending the day with < PROPFEMALE > for her birthday :D :D 
just saw Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader for the 3rd time :D <3 amazing movie 
its pouring rain :P id much rather have snow ... but its the last day of 2010 ! Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
went to dinner with dad and some family to celebrate step-mom's birthday 
< PROPMALE > . 1:7 a-b “It is right for me to feel this way about all of you , since I have you in my heart” 
cleaned my car today , but i made a stupid mistake and left the radio on and drained my battery . then i went to do something on our home computer and it crashed and now it wont work at all . im just killing everything today . ugh , not a good day at all . 
one more day in michigan 
leaving tomorrow morning 
goodbye michigan :( 
hello kentucky :) 
back to class tomorrow . 9am , biology :P 
went to the barn tonight for the first time since before break , oh how i missed it :) 
it was a VERY cold < PROPFEMALE > day today :P just made myself some tea :) 
i hate being sick :P 
Zenyatta was crowned horse of the year yesterday ! :D 
just finished some homework and im headed out to the barn ! :D hooray ! 
You're on the edge now take one step\ 
You just might find you're flying\ 
Never know what will happen next\ 
Dont be afraid to let go this time\ 
It just might change your life\ 
-Sidewalk Prophets 
\caution wet floor\ " signs dont like me . they lie in wait for me to trip over them so they can go crashing to the floor . " 
i have an hour till dinner opens , i really dont want to do homework but i feel like i need to do something productive ... 
couldn't i go back to the barn and work instead of studying for tomorrow's test ? :P probably shouldn't . 
beautiful day , 54 degrees and the sun is shining . just did some homework outside at a playground and now im about to go horseback riding . :) 
I love Thursday mornings because the first thing I get to do is spend time with < PROPMALE > :) 
my mom sent me secretariat as a < PROPFIRST > <3 made a crappy day a little better :) 
just got back from 4 hours at the barn :) it was a beautiful day . but i missed dinner so im eating chicken noodle soup n a piece of toast 
58 degrees today , BEAUTIFUL ! drove back from church with the windows down :D 
I love parties at the barn <3 ale8 , chick-fil-a , and lots of sweets ! :D and i love clinic and learning new things with < PROPMALE > <3 
im pretty sure its 60 degrees outside ! I love being able to sit outside , enjoy the sun and get wireless from the library :D 
one of my new favorite pass-times is looking up pedigrees for thoroughbreds on the triple crown trail :D lol 
1,000 lb animals , no problem . spiders or wasps , terrifying . im such a sissy when it comes to creepy crawlies . :P 
watched veggie tales in new testament class today :) 
< PROPMALE > 12:25 , 27 \Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life ? [ ... ] Consider how the lilies grow . They do not labor or spin . \"" 
running through pouring rain is fun , but the sopping wet shoes ... not so much . lol 
sometimes i consider skipping chapel , but on the days i am most tempted to skip and end up going anyway , chapel ends up being really great- like today :) 
its been a really good day :) 
I've figured out why Kentucky's grass is so green , it rains A LOT ! 
love the shining sun today :) so ready to go out to the barn ! 
great morning at the barn :) no equine first aid class today :( 
7 days till spring break :) 
About to spend another whole Saturday out at the barn :D :D today is a read and ride program for all these little kids who have read a bunch of books and now get to go horseback riding :) too bad for the rain , instead of trail rides we will have to stay in the arena . 
Loved hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Caollaidhe < PROPFEMALE > at the barn tonight after clinic , listening to all their stories and eating chili and banana pudding :D <3 
DRIVING HOME TOMORROW !!! :D so ready for a week off classes ! 
home in Michigan for the week :) 
Ok , ready to go back to Kentucky . 
going to the \Power of You\ " conference at Mt Zion tonight ! :) " 
going to spend the evening with dad , then driving back to KY tomorrow . 
7 hour drive ahead , leaving within the next hour . 
Back in Kentucky 
The beautiful weather is making it really hard to focus on homework ... :) 
Adventure at the barn today :) got there just as the big thunder/hail storm started . I havent been that soaking wet in a long time ! 
beautiful evening outside , the sun came out , the birds are chirping and everything is fresh from the rain ... too bad im stuck in class 
sunrise to sunset at the barn today and loved it . :) 
oh UK , you played a disappointing game 
