Phenergran ... 

I think its awkward when people that you dont know comment on your status and wall post . 
Its all downhill from here . 
I wish there was a fan < PROPFEMALE > for \lunch\ " . Im starving ! " 
Is tired of driving ... Only 4 more hours tomorrow . 
Every day , back and forth , same old shit . Should be picking up here shortly though . =) 
Two words .... SHIT HOLE 
I feel like crud today 
Wondering if my wife will get online when she sees this 
Home 
Two and a half months ^_^ 
PHONE DOESNT WORK = PISSED 
F*ck this place 
Breakfast and 12 hrs of BS 
Dogs rule !!! 
When theres nothing else to do ... Facebook 
Its 6:30 im the morning , Im tired as hell , and I have to be somewhere in 2.5 hrs so I dont have time for a decent nap ..... but for some reason , Im in a pretty good mood today . ( something will go wrong ) 
I want a beer . Dry country :( 
Red Bull 
Be careful what you wish for . 
Getting ready for another sh*tty week 
feeling alright about things 
Treid ... msut selep 
Happiness is a belt-fed weapon ^_^ 
0733 ... I think its time for bed !!! 
And 4 hours later im up again 
I find it , almost humorous , how ones perspective may change in a specific time frame . 
Well good news ... No more TSS !!!! 
I got really bored 
Haggling ticks me off 
Free lunch is awesome !!! 
Went three months eating Afghan food and breathing air that may as well be 10% fecal matter , and I just now get sick . 
Ready to go home on leave 
Just another day . This place is like the Energizer < PROPFEMALE > . 
going to try one last time then going to bed 
I want some Easy < PROPMALE > !!! 
Day = 100 degrees Night = 55 degrees . 
Yep 
Would like to be at home with his lovely wife . 
About to get a shower .... hopefully a hot one . 
Leave in like three weeks ... Freakin awesome ! 
The closer it gets the more time slows down ... 
Feels left out of decision . 
Gah ... F it 
It is getting cold already . Started packing today ! 
needs phone minutes !!! Etisalat sucks ! 
Needs his wife to get online 
packin up and goin home . 
Just about finished packing . Glad to be going home and getting away from this place for a few weeks . 
Needs to gets some < PROPFIRST > Lynch off of iTunes 
Hope everything works out well . Hopefully R.C. will come through . 
Sweet ... Im leaving today !!! 
So I have gotten lost in BAF twice now . Cant believe this place has 4 subways . Its PX is like the size of a walmart . Pouge heaven . 
This is becoming a < PROPMALE > headache . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Lamb is now home . 
Well the first night was a little rough , but enjoyable . 
I can honestly say that I have never been this tired , but yet somehow in a good mood . 
Looking foward to bed !!! 
Hoping tonight goes a lot smoother than the previous one . It is already off to a good start ... my wife is makin ' brownies !!! And someone is getting on my nerves !!! 
Time is going way too fast . 
I cannot believe that two weeks went by as fast as they did . Well , back to the best place in the world :( 
So ... I am currently contemplating catching a flight back to the states before its too late . 
Harder the second time . 
Gah ... I cant believe i came back . 
Pickin ' up where I left off . 
Well , I have been back a little over a week now .... and Im ready to go back home . 
Waiting on the chow hall to open up . 
Oh yeah and I need a shower 
I feel like death . 
Fridays is just another Monday 
Thank God today is over ... almost 
Sore . Working the back tomorrow . 
Good night world 
Pain ... throughout my body ... just pain . 
I hate idiots . 
And the daily routine continues ... as it always does . 
Not really sure what to put here today ... 
I have the most beautiful , wonderful , fantastic wife in the whole world , who gave me the most beautiful baby girl in the world ... and she mailed guitar hero 5 today ... Love you babe ! 
Organize this , pack that then unpack it ... all BS 
Whatever 
Four hours till hell 
Returning to the previous position ... and not looking foward to it . 
Just lost the game .... Havnt done that in a long time . 
About one month till chrismas/b-day , then around two/three months and Im outta here ... and wont have to deal with these people any longer 
Thanksgiving just isn't the same in Afghanistan . We played a few sports and even had some good food , but its still not the same . 
New miserable experience ... 
You know when your back starts to itch and its in that one specific spot that you can never reach . I hate that . 
Nature calls ... Pce 
Thank God this week is over . 
You know what really grinds my gears ? You < PROPFEMALE > , f*ck you . 
Alright ... another day down !!! 
Thin-Mints are awesome !!! 
I dont get paid enough . 
Not too thrilled about the carelessness that some people pose when they decide to post things . 
FOB Vulcan is now white . Got about 6 inches of snow today . 
Long day , hot chow tonight though . Thats always a good thing . 
It never ends ! Oh well , what can you do . 
Only 3 Days ' till Christmas . Sure doesn't feel like it . 
I hate dry countries . 
Going to bed ... 
It's too early for this . Need more sleep , and a bottle of NyQuil ( nigh t-t ime ) 
just got the worst hair cut in my life . How do you mess up a medium fade . I have a f*cking bowl on top of my head !!! 
Things just seem to be falling into place . Love it . 
Brocatos = awesome 
Gonna be a long night 
Pain throughout the body 
Another day in paradise 
Waiting game 
Irritated 
Looking at comforters and wondering why 
STP 
\And I would walk five-hundred < PROPMALE > and I would walk five-hundred more\ " ... \ " da-da da da \"..." 
Got up , ate breakfast , got a shower , and turned in some laundry . Off to a good start today . 
Strange to think its been over a year . 
More snow ... 
Ok so I thought this would be pretty cool at first , now I am bored out of my mind ! 
Well ... Im online for the next twelve hours . 
50 more days ! 
has come to the conclusion that ice never gets easier to walk on . 
More upset about this than I thought I would be . 
So ... today went well 
This day just gets better and better . F it 
My feet are cold 
I dont like this 
confusion 
Yep ... I messed up 
High today : 12 Low today : -4 
Only 8.5 hours ... 
13 more days .... awesomeness 
I love those long conversations . 
\If I knew Picasso I would buy myself a gray guitar and play \"" 
Tomorrow is gonna suck ... Got to love KP . 
The mole is gone ... Now its just a huge scab . 
\What you feel is what you are and what you are is beautiful \"" 
\a silence I cant ignore like the hammocks by the doorway \"" 
Bored as hell . All I have been doing is watching sitcoms for the past three days . Whatever , could be worse . 
I desperatly need sleep . 
Yes I am doing FINE !!! 
I HATE BANKS !!! 
Wow . 361 days 
Goodbye Vulcan !!! 
So I think I want to go back to Vulcan . Im going out of my mind here . 
Good lord I got really bored today . 
Time is creeping by 
So much for getting out of here today 
Dont know if I'll ever leave this country . 
4 more days . 
Well , I'm on the last stop on my way home . Going to chill for the next few days , sleep a lot , and hope time goes by fast . 
Funny how people are joining groups portraying the new healthcare system as being a bad idea . If you were to ask 90 percent of the people that join these groups what they do not like about it , they would not be able to give you a legitimate answer . I'm not saying that the new healthcare system is perfect , but what can you expect from a nations government whose people are deeply divided on all of its < PROPMALE > issues . 
Just got finished watching the most distubing news sequence that I have seen since 9/11 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , pay for health insurance of be fine $695 or 2% of your income ( whichever is more ) 
39 hours 
27 hours . 
Going home tomorrow . whatup ^_^ 
Well ... I made it home . 
Finally got internet in my house ... sweet . 
Going against the grain :) 
the best thing about a phone with internet is that you never need to find a magzine to read while your on the toilet 
xbox live has facebook 
i love tax returns 
gah 
Bout to get a shower 
mo food 
Bout to go stand at the corner of Waffle House . Trying to find a job is a pain in the * ss . 
Hangin with the crew tonight ... after < PROPFEMALE > gets home . 
< PROPFEMALE > ??? 
has got to take a huge ... restroom 
This chicken is gonna be awesome ! 
More chicken please !!! 
Leftover chicken = happy stomach ... < PROPFEMALE > is sick :( 
Hey babe 
Your phone keeps going off !!!! 
You may want to get that 
I love my wife 
I hate our damn water ! 
So < PROPFEMALE > had 1399 text messages on the previous phone < PROPMALE > compared to my astounding 182 . 
Just made some awesome breakfast ... Well it was about an hour ago but it was still awesome . Good morning peoples ^_^ 
So I have gained over 20lbs since I have been home . 
Animal Shelter today ... Gonna try not to take them all home . 
If everything goes well , I will start work on Tuesday . Not the job I want , but a job none the less . 
Anhhh 
Ready for bed ... Maybe the wife will be up for some super < PROPFIRST > when she gets home .... 
Hey babe ... lets go shopping ?!?!? 
Hello last nights dinner . How are you today ??? 
Well im in corinth and chillin 
Turkey is awesome !!! 
I want to watch some < PROPFEMALE > Wars 
Im freakin hungry 
Gah , back to drill this weekend :( First time I will have put on that uniform since I've been home . 
So I no longer fit into a majority of my old clothes ... I think I may actually be pushing 210/215 
Headed for Tampa tomorrow in the early AM 
heading to FL to see my dad and the rest of the fam . Toad-ly going to the beach and busch gardens while we're there . 
Good day today ... Spent the day at Busch Gardens and had a cuban sandwich with deviled crab from Brocatos for lunch ... awesome !!! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > pack ... 
Bought my first suit today . 
On my way to the beach 
Chillin at the beach drinkin a < PROPMALE > . Alright ! 
One word - Lobster . I hate being white sometimes ^_^ 
Hangin with the crew plus two . 
This is freakin retarded . 
So its 12:17 am and I decided back to school 
About to go out of my mind 
So ... interesting first fathers day . 
Cant get anywhere this week with school or a job . Who needs vacation anyways ? 
Im going to bed ... Gonna join me ? 
I've got to take a restroom 
Bad gas , here I come . 
Show of hands ... How many people in this world have to determine whether they need to do the dishes or get a shower ? You can only do one and even sometime not get finished with the one you pick . BS 
Early day tomorrow ... Why am I still up ? Oh yeah , my wife wanted to watch Top Gun . 
My leg hurts . 
I haven't seen any of the crew in like two days . WITHDRAWS . 
; ALKfj ; lakjdf ; lkanf ; f 
I'm totally eating SpagettiOs for dinner ! 
Got some serious B.O. going on right now . May want to get a shower before going out tonight ... If I ever get the < PROPMALE > . 
Hurry up < PROPFEMALE > 
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 
Lay a few bombs before you drop the nuke . 
WOOOO . The therapy is kickin in . 
I may have a little alcohol in my system right now but I am looking foward to starting school . 
< PROPFEMALE > slept last night and late this morning . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > woke up so late this morning that I had to feed her lunch instead of breakfast . 
Thinking of the chick that was crying because she couldn't get in to see the new Twilight movie . LOL . Pretty pathetic when you cry over not seeing a movie , especially one like Twilight . On the flip side , Grown Ups was awesome . 
Cleanin da house 
**** everybody !!! 
For the first time since we have moved in , we did laundry , dishes and took showers all in the same day ... Happy that our pump is fixed . 
I need to come up with a new language for the crew . 
Getting tired of < PROPMALE > losing everything 
Hungry 
MMM 
puking cat ... 
Waiting on you . 
Rockin the penguin boxers ... 
Hangin with the GROW ministry 
' Bout to head to church 
Just like a big taco ... 
Read my back and guess what it says . 
So the flank steak with roasted peppers and feta stuffing was awesome ... 
Youth Group tonight ! 
Just left jocks and jills . Had a great time . 
Needs to go to bed 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > sleeps till noon tomorrow 
\counting bodies like sheep to the rhythm of a war drum \"" 
Just got back from the lake with the youth group . Ate food , flipped a jet-ski , and had a great time ... 
Well ... eveything that needed to be done at < PROPMALE > is finished . Start classes in 10 days ... 
The most complicated tupaware ever 
I feel so smart ... Got the \office\ " set up . " 
\I wanna be a billionaire\ " .... remedial classes " 
Three more days ... 
In like 40 hours , I will be in my first class ... 
Classes start tomorrow . 
Needs to go back to bed ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is being beyond difficult . 
Overloaded ??? 
Yay ... now i get to read about oral communication . I just want to go to bed . May have to take a nap when I get home . 
Would anyone like to donate six 2\ three ring binders ??? " 
Red Bull gives you wings ! Or the ability to do your homework and keep up with an 11 month old at the same time . 
XBOX 360 for sale . $150 . Includes all necessary cables , one controller , 60 Gb hard drive and a few games . 
Waiting on < PROPFEMALE > to get out of class so we can go home . 
Gah ... Even on weekends i cant sleep in ... 
Smells like afghanistan 
Finally , I get to sit down . 
Feeling pretty good today . Slept well last night . Now if the printers would stop being retarded 
After many experimental attemps and countless hours of studying , results are conclusive . School sucks . 
Do I really want to go to convocation ??? 
Well , one of our cats died last night at the vet . Did what we could . Kind of bummed about it . 
So I'm hungry . Dinner didn't go very far . 
Well , this getting up early thing is getting easier . Now if classes would do the same . 
I hate this time of day . 
Made a 90 on my Geography quiz and a 100 on my first paper . W/U 
Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > 
The dryest book i have ever read 
Gonna raise some \Cain\ " this morning . " 
I'm quite impressed . FM 95.5 is actually airing something worth listning to . 
Corn Flakes .... 
School is a pain . 
I hate Mondays ... 
Whenever i become a teacher , im going to tell one of my students to write a thesis on why girlfiends/wives have to wear mens clothing . 
Just now finished the weekends homework with 25 minutes to spare ... sweet 
Should I shave my armpits ??? 
Tired today ... tired yesterday ... 
Sitting in BS 101 ... Bet you cant guess what that stands for ... 
Egg salad ... 
Cause thats why its honors ... 
Listning to some < PROPMALE > Boortz 
People make me mad . 
Yep ... its morning . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > stared at an IED and the trigger man blew up 
Being a grown-up sucks ... 
Is now paraniod about ants 
2 quizes today , one tomorrow , and a test on thurs . This week is awesome ... 
Start shadowing next week at Hart County Middle School ... 
Eat me . 
If only I could partake in such a sandwich ... 
Just finished the test . 
Gots to pee 
Made an A on my Human Geography test ! 
Hide yo wife , hide yo kids and hide yo husbins too cause they rapin erbody out here . 
Can a pregnant woman drive in the carpool < PROPFIRST > ? Looking foward to responses . 
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself , is it considered a hostage situation ? 
Why do they put Braille on the drive through bank machines ? 
Messed up in the mind 
Yay now I get to go to school ... 
Thinking about the ACS that I pulled out of the bottom of my tough box last night . Good times . 
Needs to find the motivation to get back in shape . 
Some things are easier than others . Some things may surprise you . 
Do nothing from selfishness or conceit , but in humility count others better than yourselves . Philippians 2:3 
Life is tough ... GET OVER IT !!! 
The righteousness of the upright will deliver them , But the treacherous will be caught by their own greed . - Proverbs 11:6 
Kosovo ??? 
Fall is right around the corner . Maybe cooler weather is too . 
Have I not commanded you ? Be strong and courageous . Do not be terrified ; do not be discouraged , for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go . < PROPFIRST > 1:9 
Feels the need for a nap 
Hart County is getting spanked 
Come January , the 3 of us will be living at Ft . Benning . 
I am so glad Sponge < PROPMALE > is on . Now I can do some studying . 
Just murdered a Human Geography test . I feel another A coming along . 
Leaves are starting to turn . 
Out of my hands now . Hope everything goes well . 
Gonna shoot some guns today ... 
Hey brochacho , are you guys still coming over tomorrow . 
Making < PROPFEMALE > some breakfast . 
Crab + muscles + shrimp + sausage + potatoes + corn on the cob + onion = Awesomeness in my bellay .. 
Clean kitchens are nice . 
Is praying for backsplash 
MMMM ... Chili 
time for bed 
Why 
Well its halfway through the semester and I'm making all A's and B's . 
There are two main choices in life : Accept things the way they are or take the responsibility of changing them . 
Just murdered another midterm test 
Just had some fish tacos made with grilled grouper . Made it with and awesome chipotle lime dressing that we made and some pico de gallo . It was really good . 
Some people are just so .... gay . 
Hello my name is < PROPFIRST > and I like chocolate milk . 
Only one more day of school this week . 
Helping out with youth group tonight then having potato soup with sausage for dinner . Its going to be a good day . 
Double Baconer . Clog you arteries with awesome . 
Road trip . 
Smells like burnt privates ^_^ 
What to do ... what to do ... what to do ... 
Why is the heat broken ...? 
I hate school but i would rather go tomorrow instead of feeling like this . 
Here is what you need to do . 1 ) Go to Google home < PROPFEMALE > 2 ) Type Find < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 3 ) click im feeling lucky tab 
About to cook some chickin 
Eatin like a college students is supposed to eat ... Tostino's Pizza Rolls 
Wonder if this rain will be followed by cooler weather 
About to go to bed ^_^ 
Mmm . Orange juice and toothpaste . 
What to do on a Friday night ? 
Halloween is just a holiday that girls use to dress like hoes and get away with it . You're not a cat , you're a hoe with cat ears and a tail ! 
Tomorrow = November = Lots of food = awesomeness . What is the moral of the story ? Tomorrow = Awesomeness 
So I practiced my speech and it was like 12 minutes long ... It cant be any longer than 7 . I didnt think that I would ever have to cut back on school work . 
I want to cook something good but somewhat easy tomorrow night . Any suggestions ? 
I cant sign into Xbox live ... Not cool 
Well this is new ... 
I voted today . Have you ? 
The Federal Reserve is spending 600,000,000,000 dollars of money that doesn't exist on government bonds . How is that going to stimulate our economy ? 
http://videoquick.net/a/?watch=r3anLy3Hz 
So , < PROPFEMALE > and I found out last night that eating \healthy\ " doesn't alway taste good . " 
Just another day at the range 
Cookout and bonfire 
Not going to be a good morning . 
Finally get to go home . 
Anybody want to go running with me today . I need a motivator . 
My agenda : Go to school and Black Ops 
Does it work yet 
< PROPFEMALE > looks like a chipmunk with bananas and french toast sticks crammed in her mouth . 
Gonna do some huntin later on with the ol ' lady 
Well havent seen nothin yet 
Just dropped a deer 
< PROPFEMALE > , facebook works on your computer now . 
Just finished a paper , now I think it is time for COD . 
I stink ... need a shower . 
Just had a deer tenderloin . Cooked it whole on the grill . Think I may cut into little steaks next time . 
I need food . 
Mmm .... Leftovers ! 
I miss my dog . :( 
Last day of CM 130 ... Thank God ... Ready to be out of that school . 
Killed that speech . 
School is over . 
All A's and B's this semester . 
If you're forced to have it as a child , you wont enjoy it as an adult ... 
There are some stupid apps on facebook ... 
Its one hour until my wife's bday and I still haven't gotten her a gift ... 
I love turkey . 
Mall 
< PROPFEMALE > used the \big girl\ " potty twice today . " 
Happy bday Jesus ! 
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes . I greatly appreciate it . 
Woooo ... Hockey ! 
I wish there was Brocato's in Hartwell . 
Some dudes are such chicks .... 
17 degrees outside ... 
Hello people ... 
What does she want now ? 
How does someone fall up the stairs . Can stupidity defy gravity ? 
Someone call me so I can find my phone ... Thanks ... 
Off to church ... 
Yay ... its tax time . Fair Tax would save us all the hassle of tax season . Think about it < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Matchbox Twenty is still awesome ! 
Congratulations to my friends Kellen and < PROPFIRST > on there new baby boy . 
I want a pickle .... 
5 years today 
My legs still hurt . 
It's almost demeaning . Last year this time and this year now . 
Not everyone likes lemonade 
Walmart , you never fail to remind me why I don't like people . 
I hate you < PROPFIRST > Horton . 
Somethin about margaritaville 
Not all people are created equal for some are just plain stupid . 
I love taco night ! 
Needs some wings and therapy ... Anybody interested ? 
Finally got a slot for WLC . 
Well , it is 9:15 and I forgot to go to church tonight ... Great , now I'm going to hell . 
Just got done fishing . 3 bass , 2 crappie ... Good day . 
I desperately need new boots before WLC . My current ones are about at there end . 
