I've learned that whenever I decied something with an open heart I usually make the right decision . A wise person learns from the experince of others . An ordinary person learns by his or her own experince . A fool learns by nobody's experince ! But the most important thing that I've learned through it all is that no matter what happens , or how bad it seems today , life goes on and it wil be better tomorrow ! 

If love is said to be the most beautiful thing to acquire , why does it hurt so much ? 
It's been raining for the past few days and ................... need I say more ? 
A lot of things on my mind ............... Should I do it or just leave it as it is ? 
Right about now I trust no man , fear no bitch . I won't kiss no ass and < PROPMALE > no < PROPMALE > , bcuz men play games and are full of shit ! 
I don't feel like starting over but I'm not in the mood to deal with the same b.s. everyday , so guess what .............. NIGGA KEEP IT MOVING ! 
I'm feeling so good ! 
Assumptions are the termites of relationships ..... Too bad some of us of to learn the hard way ....... 
Single ? Yes . Available ? No ! 
I don't pretend to kno what love is for everyone , but I can tell you what it is for me ; Love is knowing all about someone & still wanting to be with them more than any other person . Love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself , including the things you might be ashamed of . Love is feeling comfortable & safe with someone , but still getting weak in the knees when they walk into a room & smile at you . 
OMG ....... I'm feeling soooooooo gud ! This is probably the best I've felt in a longtime ! Yep , dats wat I said ! 
No man is worth your tears , but once you find one that is , he will never make you cry ... * lesson learned * 
Not feeling as confident as I was a few days ago ........ Guess it's just one of those days ( Can't wait for it to be over with ) * sigh * .......... 
As I get older I've come to realize that I can close my eyes to the things that I do not want to see , but I cannot close my heart to the things that I do not want to feel ... ( smh #So wat should I do ? ) 
Don't ever give up if you still want to try . \ 
Don't ever wipe your tears if you still want to cry . \ 
Don't ever settle for just any answer if you really want to know why . \ 
Don't ever say you don't love him if you really can't let him go . 
How can you be scared of losing something that was never yours to begin with ? 
At Age 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder whatMom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have or had the best Mom in the world . 
I just want to thank everyone for the love and support that they ave shown my family and I . Trion Rhule , babes u kno I ave nothin bt luv & respect for u , thank u sweetie . Sheriann Johnson , Kaleeme Campbell , wat would I do w/o u ? I luv u ladies endlessly . Elaine Brown-Spence , Marcia Brown-heslop , Daddy u keep me going even when I feel like I've reached the end of the rd . Edgera , baby , I luv u .. Tlkin 2 u really lifted my spirits . 
Why these bitchies in d game getting serious for ? I was just playing when I said u look like Curious < PROPFIRST > , but I ain't mad at u lil mama cause u a skettel ! 
Watching Sprung , but its about to watch me inna < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
Mi man a long distance stulla im nuh feed pon bulla !!!!! 
I like it on the table .... 
I saw this guy acting like his SWAG was on full attack when he was just FUBU ( FAT UGLY BLACK & UNCOMFORTABLE ) DWL ! Rite Chenees Beckford ? LMAO ! 
Fair exchange is no robbery rite ? 
Anger is one thing made better by delay ! #Real talk# So am just gonna let today be .. 
#Honestly , ur not in my thoughts .... So if u call me an nuh get me , leave a message and don't stress me ! READ MY LIPS : DON'T STRESS ME OUT ! 
If u trust me as your fren then trust me with ur heart ........... 
These srry ass niggas need to make sure when they thinking bout running d streets they ask themselves this \Is this bitch worth losing wat I got at home for ! #People am just saying ! " 
Fill in d blank : I want some ________ ! Kaleeme CampbellKayla Pink-Mafia Streets-Bonita < PROPFEMALE > Brown < PROPFIRST > One-Link HotskullTanya CowanTonia Cherie-kirlew 
What's d first thing u would say to me if u woke up beside me ? Kaleeme Campbell < PROPFIRST > One-Link Hotskull < PROPFEMALE > Pink-Mafia Streets-Bonita Baldwin Kijay < PROPFEMALE > Brown Trion Rhule 
Him seh mi mek him happy like pickney pon holiday , when mi tip pon mi toe an tun it backway ! Dat's y him cum bck again , so mi seh alrite then , ur cock to my hen . Shub it in more fi knock out again cuz mi luv how d cocky jus long till it < PROPMALE > ! 
This little boy don't seem to be going to sleep anytime soon , cause he's up watching t.v. , walking around d room , doing everything dat a 18mth old is not suppose to b doing a this hr .... Can't wait for him to get his shots 2marrow , myb dat will calm him down(even a little bit) ! 
My love has a limit .......... You have exceeded the limit ! \ 
#It's d writing on d wall ! 
Feeling good eventhough am missing u ....... 
I feel soooo frustrated rite now ! Ahhhhhh , jus feel like screaming < PROPFEMALE > head off .... Its times like these that I need my mom more than ever ..... Father God give mi d strength to < PROPFEMALE > on(tears ) I want my mommy ! :'( When will it b over ?! 
I could pray for u to act rite everyday , but its not up to me to make u change . Life is too damn short to live unhappily , so go ahead , call me selfish cause this time around am putting myself first . SO , YEA AM DOING ME ! 
Could I be ?.......... hmmmmm ....... Don't knw yet but when I do I'll let u knw ........... 
< PROPMALE > is getting soooo big , I ave no idea why he's moving so fast .. Trying to hold his head up , sit up , everything dat a baby his age shouldnt b doing ..... Chamar is chilling , taking everything one step at a time ..... 
Just thinking ............... What r u doing ? 
Thank u all for d b-day wishes .... It's highly appreciated .... \ 
Had a wonderful day , Chenees Beckford thank u for dinner , it was not only Appealing but Ambrosial(delectable , food fit for a king : Cho clatt u ave me a use big wrds , lmao ) , pork with bits of bacon , hmmmmm , how can that go wrong ? :D 
Killing Chamar wit kisses ........ 
Something as simple as me hearing ur name , puts me in a place that I can't even explain . Baby I kno am ur fren but I want to b so much more . I get butterflies when I c u coming , this feeling in my stomach tells me I should b ur woman . I wanna say I love u so bad but I don't want 2 scare u away ....... 
Going 2 feed < PROPMALE > his bottle so that he can stop trying to eat my face .... 
Yes sweetie , u r d past so get use to it cause that's where u'll always b , in d past ! \ 
Just keeping it 100 , dat's all . 
When u love someone no matter hw long ur apart or hw different ur lives r , u never stop thinking about them , regardless of all thats taken place or what ur friends and family may seem to think , u still hold ur ground and stand by his/her side . True love never dies , u can go through hell n bck , its still gonna b there , so dn't fight it , wrk with it ! 
