Cool ! I got switched to trumpet ! I'm a geek . Oh well . 

Worrying about Englewood Idol . 
My fingers are turning blue ... an oddity .. I was told they'd bleed first . 
Yay blisters ! Ouch . 
Eh 
Practicing vibrato for violin makes my wrist feel awkward . 
Black is such a calming color ... 
I should pracitce violin ... * slaps self * 
Owww .. My neck . 
Gah ! Inferiority complex ! 
Grr ... I think my chat thingy is malfunctioning . 
I should really do hw right now ... 
stupid metal strings !!! :'( ouch .. 
( No need for anyone to pay attention to this rant . ) I should put down the song . I'm starting to obsess and worry about every little detail when I don't have time for that right now . 
I'm a super procrastinator . :'( I don't wanna do it ... 
Ugh .. I give up ! It's good enough ... for now .... 
never knows what to put on her status anymore . I know boring . 
I hate having nothing to do ... 
Is anyone else having prolems with facebook lag ? 
Who here never uses myspace anymore ? 
I can't believe it took me seventeen years to figure out that I'm a nerd . 
I miss school . I'm weird I know . 
:) 
Hello stress , I haven't seen you in a while . And I was glad . >:( 
Yay headaches .. >:( 
Grrr .. I'm stupid stupid stupid ! 
It's so fun being invisible . NOT 
If anyone's interested in a website that helps get scholarships give me your email and we can share scholarships through their mooching policy . :) It's zinch.com btw . 
maybe I have insomnia .... 
I just realized I now have three emotions . That's it . * sigh * 
Youch , headache .. 
I've regressed . :'( I wish I still had three hours a day to practice . But hey , today I have 24 hours and I can't get myself to practice ... :'( I miss being able to play Gavotte from \Mignon\ " ... wahhhh :'( " 
Well , I got myself to play a portion of the song I wanted to play today . I guess that's good . I bet it took three hours altogether . Irony . ( I didn't do it all at once . ) 
I'm never skipping two meals in a row again ... It makes me horribly moody and lazy . 
murder , murder , in the night air . Murder , murder it's a right scare . Bloody Murder in the night . Read about the worst two murders , profane religious murders . That poor old bishop what a shock . 
Funny how one little question can ruin my mother's day . lol 
Dislikes\ 
Deafness ( esp . )\ 
Confusion\ 
Being made a fool . \ 
Stupidity\ 
Disappointments\ 
\ 
fun , fun , fun ....... 
MSOTD : Asylum - Disturbed 
MSOTD : Tied Together With A Smile - < PROPFIRST > Swift\ 
of all the oddities , I haven't liked her for probably half a year 
I should be a hermit . 
MSOTD : Keep You - Sugarland 
MSOTD : Missing - Evanescence 
MSOTD : At The Beginning - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
MSOTD : Good Enough - Evanescence 
I has a headache . MSOTD : Eternal Snow ( piano swing instrumental ) - Changin ' My Life 
MSOTD : Ashokan Farewell 
MSOTD : My Child - Disturbed 
MSOTD : Innocence - Disturbed ( not sure if I already used this one ... forgive me I'm tired . ) 
MSOTD : Cut - Plumb 
I hate dreams that make you remember something painful . I also hate dreams that make you hopeful , when without it , you would know it's impossible . 
MSOTD : I Won't Say I'm in Love ( from Disney's Hurcules ) 
The library never has the books I want . :( Grrr 
Laughing is good for you , but I can't imagine drowning under a sea of books can be . 
Why does today have to be the most annoying day of the week ? 
I have two choices , do homework or sleep . I choose sleep , it's more entertaining . 
Yay ! Florida Southern College gave me an application fee waiver ! 
* Stress * 
I lurve me grains . 
Anyone hear that story about bed bugs on the news ? I didn't know bed bugs were real .... I'LL NEVER SLEEP ! ... in my bed . 
I wonder what happens when facebook says you no longer have \permission\ " to talk to this person . " 
-sigh- 
I hate being a senior . I've never been so stressed in my life . 
I hate my life . I hate my life . Stress !!! I don't know how to have fun anymore unless I'm being lazy . 
My eyes are burning . :'( 
I should have logged off . I didn't expect multiple people to wish me a happy birthday and wake me up . I hold no grudge against anyone b/c this is my fault . Under normal circumstances I would be elated . 
I needs sleep ... 
Today was fun ... I wonder if it's okay to upload everyone's photos . I shall give people two days to respond and if they don't and are my friend I will post their pics anyway . YOU WERE FAIRLY WARNED ! :D 
Why does netflix favor action anime as opposed to romance or comedy anime ? It annoys me . 
I should do my psych project .... Don't wanna ... Oh well . 
How much sleep do I need ? I slept through half the day already and I'm still tired .. 
Ick my cat has an abscess .. ewwwwwwww 
Sorry Coca-Cola , I didn't mean it . You're way better than Pepsi . ^_^ 
What now ? :-/\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZCxdm994YYUS 
Well , I'm hibernating for the winter . Don't wake me until xmas . 
There's a hole in my kitchen floor ... Weird . 
is scared because there is gunfire outside her house . 
I figured out how to get my pics off my ipod ! 
I just realized why I dislike most religions , because according to them , I am a breathing sin . 
Why do people keep changing their facebook names ? I can never tell who's who anymore . 
feels like she's being watched . 
