luvs n hugs to all my family n friends on this New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! If I don't see u 2night no that I'm thinking of you n wishing a < PROPFEMALE > n happy night ..... p.s. behave < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! ) 

going shopping with my sissy's be back later ! 
gonna watch some paranormal state bbl 
singing happy birthday to < PROPMALE > ! Going bowling 2night wanna go ?! 
loves her baby girl shyshy and wishes her husband a happy birthday :) 
shy stop it u turd ! 
farmville cash didn't work go figure knew it was 2 good 2 b true 
nighty night my FB friends say ur prayers n c ya 2morrow ! 
pretty pooped out had a beautiful day with my girls . went bowling , birthday party , was fun ! and scored 156 highest score ever ! ) nnow time 4 a nap whew !! lol 
brb gotta go get a soda got cotton mouth like a mofo ! 
gotta work but thanking god it's Friday ! 
off to work short day woo hoo ! bbl my friends ! 
gonna go to the park with my lil ' one and hit some balls :) 
guess gonna fo back to the pub n do sum dancing w/ my sis n bro ~ talk to ya'll later my facebook friends ! ) hopefully won't be too wasted to get my password right lmao ! 
planting sum flowers with the girls n grillin ' such a beautiful day ! 
had a good day , survived the weekend n now I can't wait to see what 2morrow is gonna bring ! gonna go to bed so it arrives faster ! ) goodnight my facebook friends . 
Full < PROPFEMALE > :) Watch out lol ! 
ok off to work I go ... poor work :) c ya @ 5 my facebook stalkers lol ! 
It's gonna be another beautiful day , checked on sum friends/ family evry1 has a positive attitude , n the weather is beautiful so off to work I go to feed sum hungry people n make them smile ! Have a great day ! 
gotta go back 2 work 4 a few hours be back later :) 
phew what a day :) 
yep it's spring found a bull snake by the front door 
decorating eggs with my girls i just loooove holidays family , friends , good times :) 
it's going to be a fun n exciting day ! gonna start off by going to church w/ family n friends n then lots of fun with my girls :) Have a happy n blessed easter my friends :) 
Off to work I go ... have a blessed day my fb friends :) 
gonna watch I hope they serve beer in hell 
i looove chicken in a biskits ..... :) 
Went for a walk in the woods with my girls ..... felt like I was < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer rofl ! 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as my FB family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who reposts 
woo hoo got outta work early but don't feel well 
' s pillow has some very good secrets ... she's going to go listen to them ;) 
is in desperate need of a stiff one ..... drink that is u perverts ;) 
turn up the music ... block out the world :) 
Why is it that lemon juice contains mostly afrtificial flavors and dish soap contains real lemons ? lol ! 
gotta go to work ... there's a lor of hungry people depending on me lol ! oh n I am getting my license this week woo hoo :) Have a blessed day my friends ! 
I don't wanna ! So there :) 
had a blast visiting my friends n family this weekend in W , wish I could've stayed longer but have responsibilities that can't wait n a funeral : gonna be a hectic week ! 
way too busy thinking I need another vacation but alot longer this time lol ! 
going to watch my girl play sum softball go shy shy :) 
my heart is heavy today but am going to be strong for my family I just wish we didn't have to do this again :( 
:( 
my baby girl has one heck of an arm :) 
how do you do ?! :P 
good night and may angels sleep on ur pillow ;) 
o.k. now I reeaaallly am gonna go to bed I swear this time I'm for real now stop distracting me facebook ! 
IT'S FRIDAY ! TIME TO PLAY :) 
spending the day with family at dad's gonna be a good day except the hangover part lol ! 
<--- <3 ' s her life :) having a good night have all neighbor kids n my girls camping out in the backyard sooo many tents n not enough yard lol ! kinda wanna join them but enjoying the laughters from inside can't wait till Rock Creek :) <3 
had a full but good day missed church AGAIN grr ... gotta remember to set alarm or sumthing but went n helped mommy with her lawn n had n awesome softball scrimmage with shy then had to take my other baby girl back home ( I hate that time of day ) then found a 1/2 bag full of morrels so all in all not a bad day at all ! THANK YOU JESUS !! :) 
well time to shut down my dear facebook friends good night n sweet dreams , don't 4-get to say ur prayers :) 
I'm tired of reliving Mondays ! lol ! 
\ Have you been drinking tonight ? \ " .. No .. \ " Step out of the car plz . \ " .. I can't u get in ! lol ! " 
holy freakin camel crap ! I think it's time for another road trip :) 
just got back from camping with friends n family n already ready for next trip :) 
grrr ! 
I'm totally addicted to sunshine :) 
wishes that Sundays came with a pause button :) 
working 9-5 , girls last day of school hope they have a fun day , then softball game with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > welcome to my life never a dull moment always a blessed one :) 
rain rain go away so my girls can go out n play . 
is available in 5 different colors :P 
is behind you mwahahaha ! :) 
watched my girl win her first game was so happy seeing her be proud of herself and teammates ... wish she'd stay this age forever :) 
almost all accidents start with \ Hold my beer\ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >!" 
Please live what you preach otherwise why preach at all ? 
happy birthday to me happy birthday to me happy birthday dear me happy birthday to me lol ! 
whoo hoo ! back up n running :) 
grrrrrrr ! stupid laptop is down again ! plz bear with me while 1 ) I fix it or 2 ) I throw it in the river ! 
my pet rock is ignoring me . grrrr .... 
off to work I go don't feel well heck of a head cold but what can you do .... oh boy ! 
is thinking that her friends n family should buy a new laptop for her for x-mas so she doesn't have to be at the library all the time :) 
Special needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of those who have children with special needs ... and those who work with children with special needs . 
alarm clocks ... cuz every morning should begin with a heart attack ! 
< ~ thinks that Thanksgiving is just a reminder to give thanks everyday not just today :) luv u all n have a safe n happy holiday :) 
time to get my groove on :~P 
my status is a secret so I can't post it :) 
< PROPFEMALE > on tight little spider monkey ! :) 
I may not have a lot of $ or be exactly where I want to be but I still count my blessings everyday n night n thank God I'm where I am n not where I could have been n u should 2 ! luv my friends n family ..... sweet dreams :) 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you ... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are :) 
about to do this night shift thing blah ...... 
enjoying a nice day with my baby girl getting sum stuff done around the house she's a great lil ' helper 2day :) just may have to go sledding later :P 
the evil me makes the good me giggle ;) 
says , if it start's to rain on your parade bring out the slip-n-slide n give me a call :) 
long island ice tea ! 
who knew finding the history of ur house was such a pain ! 
packing sucks ! I need a drink ! 
4 more days :) 
gone bonkers be back soon :~/ 
go ahead n keep throwing obstacles in my way it's not going to stop me or slow me down :P 
got moved out missing my homies already thank you to my fav . landlords they've been a big part of my n my girls ' lives for a long time < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is upset she doesn't get to \bug\ " < PROPFIRST > anymore but it's all for the best gotta get over the blues n get on with building our lives " 
day 1 begins with such enthsiasm n happiness too here we go :) 
now that I've finally stopped being so busy I now have the time to go a little crazy being away from EVERYBODY feels kinda weird drinking alone oh well life goes on 
