Official 2009 weightloss - 37 lbs . That's 7 lbs . more than my goal . Weightloss goal for 2010 - 25 lbs . I have other goals as well , but that is the one I am willing to share ; ) < PROPFEMALE > ryone be safe this New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ! Love each one of you very much . 

Still sick : ( yuck , missed class and work last week . Not looking forward to going to work tomorrow with my head still pounding . Oh well . 
Feeling better today but didn't make it to work . Hoping to make to class tomorrow ! Being sick sucks !!! 
Finally feeling better and made it to work today ! Getting back on track . 
Feeling pretty good about the day ahead , but I better get moving if I don't want to be late . I have class today , nervous about Comp I class ; having a hard time with details on my research paper . Oh well , I'll get there ! 
Good day today . Lots of hard work , but still good . Class tomorrow ! 
Ok , so I have lost 36 pounds now and my goal for the year was 30 ! YAY !! Anyway , here hoping I keep losing . 
So 35 lbs . down for 2009 ! Getting close to making my goal for 2010 , stay tuned and see if I make it ! 
Wow ! Tough week , but getting through it . No where near as bad as last week though ! Been working on my fnal essay for the semester and getting close to being done , which is good because I'm so tired of the late nights doing research ! 
Got and A in Comp I !! Yay me . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
The snow was beautiful , but caused some problems for some people . I thought it was pretty anyway . 
Really cold yout today ! I love it . 
It's very cold tonight and I am very thankful to have a warm place to be . Thank you Lord ! 
Should be warmer today , that should be nice ! 
Friday ! Another week at it's end , looking forward to class starting next week . Wow ! How time flies . 
Still sick , not feeling any better . I have class today then it's home and back in bed for me . Meaghann starting her first day back in public school today . She's nervous and so I am I but she'll be fine . 
It's a fresh new day . I am feeling tons better and I have a good attitude about my classes today . Can't wait to go to class ! It's going to be a fine day . 
Wondering if the storm is going to be as bad as it's being forecast . 
So no classes today . I was kinda looking forward to getting out and going to class , oh well , just gonna be lazy today . No school for Meaghann either , but I expected that . 
Ok , made this late in the day and we still have power . Now I'm just praying that it stays on as the winds pick up . Been kinda nice to just relax at home with nowhere to go and nothing pressing in for my attention . 
Snow is still falling , glad I haven't had to get out today ! It's really pretty while sitting inside with my heater going and power still on ! 
The snow is really pretty , I love winter ! I do NOT love the ice though , too bad it wasn't ALL snow . It will be gone soon enough , though , for those who don't love it ! 
New week starting ! More opportunities ahead , can't wait to see what the week will bring . 
Ok , exercise done for the day . I really gotta get back on the weight loss wagon ! I haven't gained any , but it's been about 6 weeks since I lost any . 
The week is almost over , I am glad but where did it go ? Yay for the weekend ! 
Friday ! 
Snow moving in but it's not expected to be a problem . Let's hope that holds true . 
Ok , so class tomorrow , yay ! I really need to get done with this college thing . 
The week is almost over . Have I really accomplished anything ?? Ummmm ...... I'll get back to you on that . 
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH the weekend , YES ! 
New week . Here we go again ! 
Wow ! Halfway through the week already . Yep , I'm off to class : D 
Been really busy , working hard at my diet and working out . Working hard in class and working hard at work ! Whew ..... just working hard I guess . 
So why is it the better I eat and the more I work out the LESS weight I lose ???!!! Can anyone answer this for me ? Well , I guess at least I'm healthier and have more stamina right ? 
Lazy weekend ! What could be better ? 
Yuck ! Here I go again with being sick . Not looking forward to class today or work tomorrow , but this too shall pass . 
So why is it when I am going to have some time off from work for Spring Break I get sick ?? UGH ! 
Hooray for Spring Break !! 
Back online ! It's bad to have no internet connection ! 
This has been a long week already , I will glad when it's over . 
Hooray for a beautiful weekend ! 
Um ....... Is it Friday yet ?? 
I am happy tomorrow is Friday ..... It's been a very long week ! 
Hooray for the end of the week ! 
Beautiful weekend .... AAAAAHHHHHHHHHH I love it !! 
New week .... let's hope it's a good one ! 
This has been a good week , and it has gone really fast . Wow ! 
slow start to the week already ..... hmmm 
Wow , last week of April . I can't believe how fast the year is going by ! 
New week ! Woohoo ! 
My 18 year anniversary is on Sunday ! Can't believe it . 
WooHoo , today is my 18th wedding anniversary !!!! 
Here we go , Monday Monday ! 
Can you believe the week is almost over ?! 
Has a horrible headache 
Okay I'm done with hot weather already !! 
Ok , so we worked legs at the gym tonight and let me just say ........ OUCH ! 
K , I'm so ready for Fall it's ridiculous !! 
So I have a strained psoas muscle ..... it HURTS and limits what I can do : ( Bummed because it will affect my exercise to some extent . 
Oh Fall how I long for your gentle rains and cool breezes . < PROPMALE > away this heat ! 
Has another raging migraine . No work for me today . Just wish they would stop . This is the 4th one in 2 weeks ! 
G'night fb friends 
Totally bummed . < PROPMALE > student aid this semester therefore I may be forced to take some time away from school . Totally crying right now ! 
Is strewed about \stuff\ " . I hate not understanding " 
Today will be better ! 
Change is coming . Scarey scarey ! 
Please God , bring cooler weather to Oklahoma ! 
\ I saw < PROPMALE > Lucado tweet this ... God loves you just the way you are 
UGH ! I am seriously irritated . 
Feeling blessed ! God has heard my prayers for cooler weather . Supposed to be low to mid 90's next week instead of 102 ! 
Hot , hot , hot again today but supposed to cool down over the weekend .... yay ! 
Being sick sucks ..... just saying 
Can't sleep . I don't feel good and my back is killing me : - ( I better get over whatever this is in time for work Monday ! 
Hopefully it will be a better day ! 
First day back to school for Meaghann tomorrow . I hate how fast time goes and how fast she's growing up . Next year she will start high school ! * sigh * 
Today is Meaghann's first day of 8th grade . Can't believe it ! 
This heat gives me such a headache .... let it be Fall already ! 
Enjoying my day off ! Went and tanned and now I'm coloring my hair ..... lots of house work after that : D 
No work for me till Thursday ! Just enjoying my time off . 
RAIN ! I'm so happy . 
Is very content . Loving this beautiful weather ! 
Feeling the love of Jesus today . It's awesome to know he's with me ! 
Sweating at the gym . Oh yeah ;-) 
UGH ! ....... sigh 
Burning up the gym ! Finding out I have a long way to go ; ) 
is happy 
Random thought : I love perfume ! 
Feeling extremely sick right now :-( 
Feeling so so so much better today ! 
My husband is Superman . He . Can do anything ! 
It's going to be a VERY lazy day ! I'm so glad tomorrow is a holiday . 
I'm bored . Being home all day is not that great , especially when you can't turn your head from side to side . 
I LOVE Steel Magnolias . One of the best movies EVER ! 
Legends of the fall .... 
Soooo not really sure how m going to get back and forth for work the next two days : / 
Oh Friday how I love you 
4 new tires . Sweet relief ! 
Hello rain . How I love you : ) 
sigh ....... 
Two days down , three to go ! ; ) 
Bye Bye Wednesday !! See ya next week , same time same place : D 
Oh I can feel it ! Here comes Friday !! 
Hello Friday ! 
Well the work part of my Monday is over ! Now to get on with the rest of my day . 
I like it on the kitchen chair 
done ....... ; p 
: ) I'm tired 
Missing my hubby 
I HATE being sick ! Headache , sore throat , fever .... ugh . 
Temperature 101 .... head splitting .... feeling whimsy and cranky ... all adds up to a very bad day :-( 
Off to bed : ) hopefully tomorrow will be better 
I can finally breathe a little , thanks to my husband getting me so Afrin severe nasal congestion spray ! At least now it doesn't feel like my face is being ripped off and the top of my head will explode . 
I love love love my husband ..... that's all :-) 
Wow this has been a REALLY long week ! 
I wish the weekend would last longer ! 
First day back to exercise in a while . Doesn't feel too good on my chest since I still have a horrible cough from being sick . I shall be more enthusiastic once I'm over the stupid cough ! 
Had such a good day today at the zoo with my family . My husband , daughter and brother went with me to celebrate my upcoming birthday . It was great to just stroll along and spend time with the family ! 
Thanks so much everyone for all the birthday wishes . They mean so much to me !! 
Thanks you guys for the warm b-day wishes . I love each of you and pray God's blessings on your lives . 
Is it Friday yet ? 
Almost ready to head home and stay there for the whole evening . I love home ! 
< PROPFIRST > Crowe is awesome in < PROPFIRST > Hood ! 
Please pray for us . Our dog got hit by a car and is in the emergency animal clinic right now . She is doing okay considering everything . We just hope she makes it through the night and heals . 
Our dog < PROPFEMALE > slept through the night and is raising her head up some this morning . She is very bumped and bruised and a long way from healed . We are just hoping she pulls through this , she's such a sweet dog . 
< PROPFEMALE > has been up a couple times today and seems a little better . It's going to be a long recovery for her but she's going to make it through it seems . 
< PROPFEMALE > is doing much better today . She's eaten and drank , been out to potty and resting comfortably now . Than God for rimadyl and tramadol . 
My husband is coming home tonight ! It's been a long week without him and I sure have missed him . 
Yay ! My hubby is back in Okc . 
I have an opportunity to pay my car off for half the balance ! Now I'm just praying God will provide the money to do this by the 25th . I serve a mighty God and He is able to make this provision . Please join me in praying ! 
Went to my great uncle's funeral today . Beautiful service but such a sad , sad time . 
So I may not be getting to go see < PROPMALE > Potter tonight , bummer . But I'm all set for the 10 pm show tomorrow ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter tonight ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter , here I come ! 
Waiting in line for the 10:09 show . Bored bored bored , but got a decent spot in line . 
Good seats and movie starting in 15 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ugh pink eye AND a migraine . Boo 
Seriously ? I'm sick AGAIN ! This sucks . I have pre-op tests tomorrow and surgery on Monday . I really need to get over this . I've been sick more in the past year than the previous five . What's up with that ?! 
Pain .... pain ..... and more pain 
Um .... OUCH ! 
Feeling a little better . A shower can work wonders ! Still in some pain , but as I said , better . 
Wow , had no idea it was supposed to snow today ! 
Sooooo ...... I feel better , but not good . UGH ! It's been a week already , shouldn't I be feeling like getting up and around ?! 
Ok , feeling better today . My blood pressure is still a little out of wack though . 
I have GOT to get out and get my blood pressure medicine filled and make the call to set up my appointment with the cardiologist . Wow , I am really a procrastinator !! 
Just signed up for my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > website ! Check it out at www.marykay.com/sbrown1972 
Check it out ... www.marykay.com/sbrown1972 
www.marykay.com/sbrown1972 
Like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ? Check out my website www.marykay.com/sbrown1972 
So it's back to work for me on Wednesday . Wow , I have been off a long time ! Not sure how I feel about this . 
Oh Friday , how I love you !! 
Beautiful Saturday , time to relax ! 
AHHHH my favorite day of the week , Friday !! 
