OK , < PROPFEMALE > made me move from MySpace , so I'm starting all over again . Be patient while I find my way around a new networking place . 

I stole this , but it has become very important to me - Never make someone a priority in your life when you are only a convenience in theirs !! 
what a week - I've been to Salt Lake City ( work ) and to Memphis ( Blues for 3 straight days ! ) Back Sunday in time to see excellent football game . Super Bowl should be a good game - looking forward to that next ..... 
Been enjoying being snowed in - lack of electricity for 2 hours wasn't fun , but EPB got me back up pretty quick . 
I wanna be well !! between sinuses and dentist this week , it has not been good ! 
I still wanna be well , but I'm closer to it 2day than yesterday .... ask me 2morrow ! 
Great nite Friday , looking forward to Super Bowl tomorrow - Life is Good ! 
Guess we know WHO DAT now , don't we ??!!!??? GO SAINTS ! 
OMG - wake up on March 2 and find HUGE snowflakes falling ..... sure is beautiful ! 
My Dad - Shelvia < PROPFIRST > Lawing - Oct 10th , 1925 - March 11 , 2010 The Best Dad a girl could ever have ! 
I have the bestest friends in the world !! Thanks to everyone for all your love , concern , sympathy - I love each and every one of you more than you can ever know ! 
saw < PROPFEMALE > last night at the Majestic - it was good , but not what I have come to expect from < PROPMALE > Burton/Johnny Depp ....... 
is looking forward to beautiful spring day - At least I can look out the window ... 
Gotta get out and party - It's been tooo long . Looking forward to Friday nite ! 
What a weekend ! Was a good one , glad I survived ! 
New month , gorgeous weather - April is gonna be a good one ! 
I have a friend who swears the month's weather will mostly be like it is on the 3rd of the month . She is in Kansas , and their weather always gets here 2 days later . So , Saturday was the 3rd and today is the 5th . Sat was warm and overcast - let's see what today brings ... 
could not have asked for a more beautiful day for a birthday !! 
had an EXCELLENT bday weekend ! Now off to < PROPFIRST > ...... 
has thought for the day : Jealosy doesn't show how much you love someone , but how insecure you are < PROPFEMALE > Meade 
My Goodness what a week !!! So glad the weekend is almost here - I am ready for a party ... 
says this rainy day is wonderful ! just fits my lazy mood today .... 
rainy days and Mondays don't always be 1/2 bad .... 
has anyone been watching the < PROPFEMALE > the last couple of nights ?? Too Beautiful !! 
There are frogs attached to the side of my house trying to escape the water ...... little frogs , loud croaking !! 
back yard is looking good - now if I just had some time to enjoy it ! 
Never make someone a priority in your life when you are only a convenience in theirs - Old , I know , but we all need to be reminded sometimes ! 
believes it is time to clean house - figuratively anyway - gotta get tuff !!! 
my car no longer makes horrible noises , no shake , no shimmey ! I had a bent cross-member - imagine that ! 
Productive week for me - got a lot done at work , house is clean , yard is mowed , car is fixed .... now for a little reward for me ! 
It is what it is .... but we decide what we are going to do with it ! 
WOW - I can't believe it ..... I actually DO get a long weekend w/o work . Now what to do ??? 
weekend is shaping up ! < PROPMALE > tonight , zip-lining tomorrow - # of broken bones will determine the rest of the story ..... 
< PROPMALE > Allman was great last nite - moving back to his bluesy roots - and ya'll know how much I love the blues ! No ziplining though - maybe next weekend . 
Short work-week - PLEASE let me have sunshine this weekend !!!! 
Lady is having surgery today - removing the growth on her shoulder . I MISS MY SHADOW ! 
This Bowersoks girl shoulda won Idol - she's got it all over the dude who won ! 
thank God for true , real friends .... we aren't given many in this world , let's appreciate them when we are blessed 
We are only fully human when we are part of a community - Orson < PROPFIRST > Card 
Jealosy doesn't show how much you love someone , but how unsecure you are - < PROPFEMALE > Meade 
VACATION !! VACATION !! VACATION !! 
oh what a night ! 
is working hard and feeling good - vacation is getting closer ! 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and neverquestion their friendship . These types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday , regardless how long it has been or where they live ... REPOST if you are lucky to have at least one of those friends . 
Life is un-FRICKING-believably wonderful !! Thanks to all for coming out Saturday - it's been TOO long since we all got 2gether on the back porch ..... 
has only 6 working days til vacation - 2 whole weeks off !!! 1 week for sailboating , 1 week in Maui !! 
has NOTHING on her mind - it's the WEEKEND ! 
This may be the best July I've had in years ..... working out so far , and Maui is gonna be a great way to end the month ! 
off work until August -- Whoo Hoo !!! 
will be greating you next time from Maui ! 
Maui is lovely - temps in 80s , nice breeze - I love it !!!! 
1/2 way home - have enjoyed this 2 weeks off , but looking forward to getting back 
is really glad to be home again - altho the last 2 weeks have really been great ! 
why can't we all just be friends and love each other ??? 
Yes , that WAS me in the grocery cart at the BiLo on Hixson Pike on Sunday ..... don't knock it til you try it ! 
OMG -- my phone doesn't work !! I can't call anyone !!! I feel soooo alone !!!!! OMG -- my phone doesn't work !! How can I communicate ??? !!! ??? etc , etc , etc ..... 
Oh yeah TGIF !! Even if it is Friday the 13th .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Falls went to emergency room last night and they kept her for more testing this AM . She is still having heart issues in this heat . More updates as I have them .... 
Just talked to < PROPFEMALE > - she is on her way home after a night and morning of testing . Dr. concluded she is overly stressed - BIG surprise to all of us huh ? Anyway , they are headed home and plan to catch up on some rest .... will call folks this evening as they feel better 
Don't complain ' cause you don't have what you want - just be thankful you don't get what you deserve ! 
FINALLY !!!!! So glad to be leaving KC and heading home !!!!! 
WOW folks - ain't life a ride !!!! 
TGIF --- oh what a wild trip it's been this week ..... seems like everyone I know has had bad things happen this week . Let's all hope next week is better ! 
Welllll good weekend , gorgeous weather , lots of rest and relaxation ... and short work-week coming up . Who could ask for anything more ? 
I feel so blessed .... altho many in my chosen family(s ) have had bad things happen to them or those they love , God has given me the essentials - relative good health , the love of good people , and enuf materially to meet my needs --- Thank You God !! And thanks for each one of you - each of you are special in my life ! 
I've recently come to prefer it on the kitchen counter , altho I used to like doorknobs ! 
Boy , where does the time go ? and what is time really ? just a man-made stab at making order of the world .... 
It's Monday again !!! OMG !!!! 
Whatever you can do , or dream you can , begin it . Live each day as if your life had just begun . - Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe 
It's 5% Friday !! 
A bus station is where a bus stops . A train station is where a train stops . On my desk , I have a work station . \ 
\ 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > !! 
Some cause happiness wherever they go . Others whenever they go . 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear \ 
bright until you hear them speak . 
guys I did not send anyone a post about some girl getting expelled from school - but DONT OPEN IT ! remove it and unlike it if you got it from me . I'm afraid it may be a virus 
The early bird might get the worm , but the second mouse gets \ 
the cheese . 
If you always do what interests you , at least one person is pleased . - < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn 
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving yesterday - my day was WONDERFUL ! 
Wow - what a game Auburn/Alabama put on for us yesterday ! wonder whats coming up good today ...... 
Sometimes silence is the most beautiful sound in the world ! 
2morrow is < PROPFEMALE > Fall's Bday at < PROPFIRST>'s on Hixson Pike - come on out and join in the party ---- we want it to be special for her !!!! 
what a sucky day it is !! 
Thanks to all who came out to the party last night - hope you guys had as much fun as < PROPFIRST > and I did ! 
OK , I'm officially frozen !!! 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES .. < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY ... & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL ! 
I awoke this morning to serious snow , had a snowball fight with my son , a great dinner with Mom , spent the day with the man I love and visiting with some of my bestest friends in the world .... all in all a wonderful Christmas !!!!! 
Happy New Year to All !!! 
A friend sent this to me today , so I'm interested to see how it works ! Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy ....... That's no fun 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
OMG !!! What a Friday night ! Lost my car , my date , God knows what else ! 
I want my shadow back !!!! 
Hello world .... Hello ? Can anybody hear me ?? Don't we all think it's time for a ge t-t ogether ? 
Today is < PROPFIRST > Clapton's birthday - one day before my baby's .... does that make < PROPFIRST > an Aries too ? 
