Tune to KTLA ( channel 5 for many ) . There's a police pursuit of a suspect driving calmly and following all the laws of the road . 

What channel is the Lakers game ? 
Man , all you losers who have hundreds of friends on here . Egotism , tsk tsk . It is fascinating , and comes in many forms . All mine are close knit . 
Well there comes winter ... 
Today was cold . So nobody could be bold . 
Hajmo bosno ! Vrijeme je za dobrost kroz pobjede ! 
Rain ! Its time for the earth to get drunk . 
People spam way too much with quizes and games and whatnot . What happened to letting your own thoughts and emotions out ? 
Well today I heard another person say “It’s the clothes that make the man . ” But that’s stupid . Don’t they know it’s the man that makes the clothes ? Duh ! 
School - the idea of working your ass off by sitting on it . =P 
Ronaldo is not going to play for Portugal for BOTH games ! Long live the ankle sprain ! 
Isn't it always interesting when you find out your total number of friends is reduced by one , meaning someone removed you , but you never can find out who it was ? =P 
Crazy Mexican party next door . Emphasis on crazy ; it's one of those \brrrrrrraaaaa ! \ " parties ! =P " 
Today is the first day of the rest of your life . Why keep asking for a clean slate , when all life is but a clean slate ? 
Wow . If you go to my college library to where the huge computer room is , ( 40+ computers ) everyone is one Facebook and nobody is studying . It's one huge Facebook party . 
Tommorow at noon sharp all Bosnians of the world will do battle . 
The days are getting shorter and shorter ! 
Bosnian World War III , Part 2 - tommorow at noon again . 
Misimovic is not going to play . Damn . 
Do not step outside unless you want to have to be defrosted once you're dragged back in . 
Here is a real tough question : if your life depended on it , would you kill yourself ? 
It's almost December and it's still kinda hot during the day .... 
Happy Turkey Genocide Day ! 
Facebook - the ultimate anti-essay writing poison . 
It's so funny how everyone swarms on Facebook at this late hour , with the knowledge in mind that they have to get up early in the morning . ( at least 40 people on chat for me now ) . Then they complain the next day that they are so tired . Haha get off Facebook and go to bed and you won't be tired ! 
Thursday - it's like Friday , but without the Friday . 
Just found a friend on here I last saw all the way back in elementary school . Facebook really has no bounds . I'm sure one day their going to be able to link you with friends that you have had all the way back in your previous life as a different person . =P 
The sky is pissing on us . 
If you're reading this at this hour you should not be on Facebook for your own health . =P 
Ciro is gone . =( 
Sweet rain . The sky is pissing on us once again . 
I love it when I'm on Facebook and it's finals time - you see people feel threatened by pieces of paper . 
Has anyone seen Avatar yet ? So far I've heard that it's like a mass trip , especially if you see it in 3D . 
Well Avatar was pretty damn good . If I had to write a really short description , it's sort of like Buddhist philosophy of nature connected with hard science fiction . Anyhow you should just go watch it to at least see how $237 million bucks of explosions and weird stuff looks like . 
Fast year ? Anyone ? 
Anyone else besides me have the most memorable year of their lives so far ? 
Whose destroying some brain cells tonight ? 
Last night was so musically life changing that I'm rewriting the way I'm composing my stuff from now on . 
Damn . The Cavs and Jazz game was a screamer right down to the last buzzer . 
Tornadoes in California ? What's next ? < PROPFEMALE > Palin for president ? 
Ok people , quick Facebook lesson since so many people are getting scammed : Any groups or pages that offer a dislike button , free Farmville stuff , or a dollar for Haiti for every person that joins are complete scams . Don't join them or you'll risk being hacked . 
Isn't it so awkward when a person you know denies your friend request ? =P 
Farmville addiction is on Dr. < PROPMALE > right now . Hey , you know who you are .... =P 
J . D . Salinger , author of The Catcher in the Rye just died . We all read him back in high school . A legend my friends , a legend . RIP . 
It's always amusing when people consider themselves to be \in a relationship\ " only until their Facebook info changes to that . ROFL . " 
So what does everyone think of the new Facebook ? Seems kind of squishy , no ? 
Ok , so I'm just trying this out for fun . Go ahead people . If you don't already know what this is , it's basically leaving me an anonymous question : http://formspring.me/mrbosnia 
So just giving this stupid thing a whirl . Go ahead ( asking me anonymous questions ): http://www.formspring.me/mrbosnia 
Last week , huddling in warmth because of frigid rain storms . This week , going to the pool and sun-tanning . Good ol ' Cali . 
If you're reading this at this hour , you need to get off for your own good . =P 
The after-rain day feels like the cheese-soft skin of a baby's arm after being bathed by its mother . 
Hawaii is swamped lol 
Biggest loser of all time sitting next to me in my college's library . 300+ pounds , drooling , farting , and trying to watch anime porn and do his homework at the same time . 
Oscars tonight . What's the point in watching ? We all know which movie is gonna ' steal all the categories . 
I wish people of my generation had better manners . 
Well I just watched The Hurt Locker , and believe it or not it actually deserves the < PROPFIRST > over Avatar . It's absolutely mind-blowing and riveting . 
If you lack a sense of humor in life , that doesn't mean you simply don't have a sense of humor - it means you don't have a sense of life . 
I know of a second gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > painting . The only thing is that I'm not telling , and this beauty actually paints herself . 
Wonderful early morning shaking to start your day ... 
As I've said before , if you're reading this at this hour you need help . =) 
It's so amazingly odd : here in my college library you can see all of life squished together . Fat slobs looking at porn , mentally-challenged students scouring Eharmony trying to find a date in their life , math geniuses researching formulas , Muslim students debating 9/11 with Texan Republicans through forums , and me just sitting here going \waaaaaaaa ? \"" 
Need some technical help . Does anyone know how to convert a ripped . FLV from YouTube into a format that will run on a regular DVD player ? Regular as in one of those traditional built-in ones in a T.V. and not these modern ones like Philips where they run all sorts of computer files . 
So I just registered for the Selective Service System as mandated by law . That's the closest I'll ever get to joining the military . LOL . 
Oh look . My orange juice shaked itself . 
Today's question of the day : is it better to be stupid in a smart society , or smart in a stupid society ? 
A1 Steak Sauce - the most pleasurable way to kill your kidneys . 
A bad friend stays silent when you fall off of a ladder and break your leg . A good friend asks you if you are ok when you fall off a ladder and break your leg . A best friend holds the ladder still so you don't fall off in the first place . 
How sadly everyone rushes on Facebook late Sunday night knowing they have to get up early tomorrow . 
First Monday after Spring Break in class - half of the class is still getting over their hangovers . LOL 
A tip from an English < PROPMALE > to everyone taking a college English class at 100 or above - don't be down at yourself if you don't get your desired grade on an essay , like a B+ instead of an A , or a C instead of a B . There is no goddamn science or any universally accepted rules to grading a paper that every English professor consents on . If you're having trouble , just focus on passing . 
Peanut butter on green apple is the new crack . Tell all your friends . 
Shortest earthquake ever , but still pretty hot . 
Health care is a need like air and water , and not a privilege damn it . Anybody else agree ? 
LOL at all you \criminal justice\ " majors . Who do you think you are ? Batman ? " 
Venomous black widow in my garden . Meh ... I think I'll let it continue killing all of the cats and raccoon that sneak into my garden . 
Anybody here know EXACTLY what they want from their life ? 
So has anyone found an explanation yet for why if we write with a pen we get all these stupid mystery markings all over our hands ? 
Whaaaat's this ? It's like almost sundown and my neighborhood is super quiet . I know it's a weekday for this Cinco de Mayo but I thought Mexicans were party kings ? 
Utah Jazz = FAIL 
\Experience is not what happens to a man ; it is what a man does with what happens to him . \ " - Aldous Huxley " 
The world seems to be made out of wood , and it's full of people running around with matchsticks . 
Did anyone else see the Red Bull truck giving free Red Bulls today around the parking lots at SAC ? Best thing all week . 
Why does everybody post drunk status updates ? Trust me - you're not cool if you post updates like \I are the dizzy . Lay now I\ " on Saturday nights . " 
Season finale of House tonight . Anybody watching ? 
I just saw a group of ducks gangbang this one other lone different-colored duck . WTF ? 
It's almost 3:00 in the morning and there's somebody playing a harmonica outside while sitting down against a tree in the dark . I think I'll stamp a \only in America\ " on that . " 
You know you're a pro with the English language when you use words that not even Microsoft Word knows of so it places the red squiggly lines under them . 
Facebook Truth #116 - You are NOT cool if you post cryptic status updates that only you or several other people of your entire friends list will understand . 
Quick . Someone think of a tradition or superstition that is popular in mainstream society , like religion or astrology . This is for an upcoming speech . 
Tomorrow at 6:00 P.M. at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > College in D105 there's gonna ' be a poetry/hip-hop reading event . If you want to watch me and a bunch of others try to be Shakespeare in front of a crowd of people , you're invited ! 
Our DMVs are shit buildings full of possibly the most disrespectful and incompetent workers in California . 
Thanks to everyone who showed up tonight and watched me do my poetry . I think I did pretty good ! 
Memorial Day - I dream of the day when all citizens will appreciate its importance , but I even more dream of the day when war ends and the holiday is nothing but an ancient reminder . A salute to all who've done service , but a double salute for peace . 
Alright . I think I'll join in with the status update game , since this one actually has some meaning - \like\ " this status update and I'll either tell you something I like about you or have a memory with . Make the same update if you want to join in with the game . " 
Good job Mexico ! 2 - 1 against Italy ; that's quite an amazing success . 
Lakers are gonna ' mop up the place tonight . 
I just spent a good five minutes searching the house for where the hell my glasses were , when I finally found them - on my damn face . 
I say this one is down to the buzzer . 
Screw your Superbowl . Screw your World Series . The world's greatest sports event starts tomorrow . 
Tomorrow at 10:30 in the morning . U.S. against England . Predictions anyone ? 
Australia got NAZIED . 
Oh boy ! Now we can even \like\ " the replies people make to status update comments . Now the real war begins over who is better because they have more likes than the other person . " 
I do believe my neighborhood just exploded after that last goal . 
Today is such a Californian day - a win by Mexico , and a win by LA . 
Does anyone have an extra Friday EDC ticket I can buy ? 
An applause for the South Koreans for making it through to the knockouts ! 
Wow wow . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > - American destroyer . 
Good grammar is hot . Tell all your friends . 
Lucky Friday EDC ravers . Hope you enjoy your deadmau5 you bastards . 
EDC todayyyyyy ... yarrrr ! 
All of you suckers with your pop mainstream trance who saw Armin last night missed out big , because Boys Noize pretty much tore the stage in half at the \circuit grounds . \"" 
Sorry Mexico . =( 
“Life is a tragedy for those who feel , but a comedy to those who think . ” - < PROPMALE > Walpole 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has only been angry twice in his life . Some historians call those moments the First and Second World Wars . 
You people are all on crack . How can you not believe 2012 will happen ? It comes right after 2011 . It's right there on the calendar . 
Uruguay vs Ghana game - the absolute maximum soccer drama possible . 
Warrrzzoooneee 
Every person looks beautiful from afar , I've noticed . Why do things sometimes go wrong when you get closer to them ? 
Looking forward to slaughter , Dutch style tomorrow at 11:30 . 
WOW . Dutch rocket ! 
If you ever set your relationship to \it's complicated\ " you're only seeking attention . Am I right or am I right ? " 
\An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex . \ " - Aldous Huxley " 
Looks like Germany just suffered the Spanish Inquisition ! 
That was THE lightest earthquake ever . It was actually kind of enjoyable , like being rocked back and forth . 
There are two kinds of criminals in this world . There are those that get caught , and then theres every other person on this planet . 
Decent final ! 
A killer test for the bass of your speakers :\ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCYaKevN8l0#t=0m52 
Good beach weather ! 
Insomniac , the guys who bring us these dope raves like EDC and TAO , just announced they're making all their raves 18 and over from now on . That's how it should have been from the start . No more 16 year old ODing e-tards . 
Does anybody know anything about copying Xbox 360 games ? 
\I once beat the hell out of a bully's fist with my face . \"" 
New track dropping tomorrow . Feeling productive . =) 
Late night conversations are the best . 
Here's one for the philosophers out there : why should I be good when I can just be bad ? 
Facebook Fact #67 - Do not abuse the ability to post to everyone's home < PROPFEMALE > . The News Feed isn't your therapist to vent your problems . A good friend or mom/dad is . 
Man I've been quite unlucky lately : I've been flaked on a bunch of times in a row now the last few weeks with things I schedule with others . I'm taking that as a sign I need to lower my expectations of people . 
Here's a question . Say you have feelings for someone , and they have feelings for you too . The only problem is that your Team < PROPMALE > while he/she is Team < PROPFIRST > . Could this relationship ever work out ? 
I love saying the word \chingadera . \ " for some reason . There is a certain poetic value that comes alive when you say it . " 
There are two things I've noticed that are good for us . The first one is sex , and the other is knowledge . The problem is that everyone thinks they've read enough books . 
I really need to become a sci-fi writer/director . I have such a trippy imagination that it would freak you out if I told you a few of my thoughts or ideas . 
I'm enjoying this drama going on outside my house . There's lots of yelling and crying . There's a chick holding a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , drinking it , and crying \I love you babe ! I love you ! \ " over and over while pounding on his door but he's not opening . THIS IS WHY < PROPFEMALE > IS AWESOME AND WE SHOULD NEVER LEAVE IT . " 
It's weird how a certain song can just tie in with your memories and emotions , and then when you hear that song again after a while it completely makes you re-experience your feelings , whether they're good or bad . Just had one massive trip . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Western Bacon Cheeseburger : food of the gods . 
Dreaming of a day when people stop equating morality with religion . 
I think when people talk there should be no barriers . No social stigmas , taboos , or dogma . Right to the heart of the matter with no filtered language . That way we'll understand each other so much better . 
\As long as one stands true to oneself . One cannot ever lose oneself . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Lo " 
“Ask yourself whether the dream of heaven and greatness should be waiting for us in our graves - or whether it should be ours here and now and on this earth . ” - Ayn Rand 
How can so many people not know what the word \gibberish\ " means ? It's seriously like the greatest word in the English language . " 
More than 150+ plays on my \Housing Electro\ " and \ " Meditate\ " mixes in only a few days ! Thanks guys ! " 
Is anyone not hammered right now ? 
Newest pet peeve - not responding to a text message , Wall post , e-mail , or any other form of sent written message , especially when it's clear you've been online . It's been getting more popular than usual lately . 
The world isn't black and white anymore . Not all Muslims are terrorists ; Not all Jews are Zionists ; Atheists actually have strong morals ; It's possible to both have one night stands and look for a long term relationship ; You can be against homosexuality but still believe in their right to marry . I could go on forever , because it's time to wake up and see the greys of reality . 
Someone is using a chainsaw right now at this hour in my neighborhood . Welcome to America : a place where you don't know if your neighbor is working hard or making mincemeat out of someone . 
they see me facebookin , they hatin , patrollin they tryin catch me facebookin . 
Nice sizzlin ' day today . 
Is it just me , or when you lay out in front of the Sun all day you feel like you're kind of wasted ? I was workin ' on a tan for a few hours at the pool and now I feel like I took a few shots of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s or something . 
Complex question of the day : is it ok to talk to someone on the phone while you're taking a crap ? 
Gotta love that new clothes smell . Am I right or am I right ? 
White , black , Mexican , American , or whatever . The exhales of our breath and the tempos of our beating hearts are all the same , and that's more than enough proof that we're meant to live in a state of peaceful trance . The only reason I'm saying this is because racism and prejudgment are STILL unfortunately alive , even though it's 2010 . 
Been watching the new Simpsons . The stuff is still LMAO worthy ! 
\Prose before hoes . \ " - Shakespeare " 
I'd like to go up to and smack the person's face who first came up with the idea that you should make a status update every time your balls itch , you've eaten a hamburger , your boyfriend/girlfriend did something you didn't like , or anything else equally amazing . 
Just encountered a person on a drive-through speaker who coughed out EVERY word she spoke to me . Kids , go to school . You don't wanna ' be working around people like these . 
Here's a good practice if you keep finding yourself on Facebook during study time : unplug the damn computer and hide the keyboard and mouse . You'll notice you'll get twice as more points on tests . 
Love is simple : it's just a very strong friendship with physical intimacy . The second is easy to figure out , but we humans still have problems with the first . If you think you're having problems finding love or just don't believe in it , start by asking yourself how many true , true friends you have . 
Introducing the < PROPMALE > Sandwich . Spread some Nutella on good bread , then add a bit vanilla ice cream to it . Lastly , squirt just a < PROPFEMALE > bit of chocolate syrup , and close it up . The taste will pretty much get you high . 
Welcome people . It's Hangover Sunday . 
Man parked out with a Ferrari in front of my house . I think I'm just going to go up to him and say \Can I haz it ? \"" 
\My own mind is my own Church . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Paine " 
THAT'S IT . As a counter to everybody's nonstop whining on here , for the next few days I'm posting Swedish House Mafia's \Leave the World Behind\ " on the Wall of anyone who whines . " 
Sign language is a tricky business . I just saw the person talking to the deaf student make like 5 sexual gestures in the last 60 seconds . 
2:00 AM on a weekday + energy drinks are a really bad combination . I advise everybody to not try this horrible idea , ever . 
Calling all electronic dance music lovers . Help with my fresh , new , and monster 3+ hour DJ set . Spit your favorite songs , whatever they are . 
The plays have been growing ceaselessly on my YouTube and SoundCloud , and I haven't been doing a thing because of school and other duties ! Thanks to whoever is spreading my stuff . 
So how is everyone spending their epic Labor Day ? 
Oh my god go to Google.com right now fast ! You'll find something to be entertained by for hours ! 
Cute chicks in classes always screw up the learning process . 
Has anyone ever paid attention to the lyrics of Kings of < PROPFIRST>'s \Sex on Fire ? \ " It makes the song even better . =P " 
It's very entertaining watching mini skirt tight t-shirt chicks who wanna show their stuff freeze their asses off at this hour when it's cold as hell . 
The official address of the Nocturnal rave is on a street called \E\ " street . Gotta ' love the sense of humor of the planners . " 
I just realized most love songs are about girls written by guys . Why ? It's as if only we feel and think , but they don't . The chick who rights a love poem is pretty damn unique in the best possible way in my book . 
It's weird when you get brand new high quality headphones , because all of music sounds good . So then when you're a DJ/producer you can't tell what sounds like crap or not , and you're useless and totally owned . 
Today is the 9th anniversary of 9/11 , one of the reasons why < PROPFIRST > Lennon and I are atheists : \Imagine there's no Heaven . It's easy if you try . No hell below us . Above us only sky . Imagine all the people . Living for today . \"" 
Wow . Apparently I live next door to a prostitute . Amazing . You learn something new every day . =( 
I like to watch the VMAs once every few years like this to remind myself what a piece of turd mainstream music is . I feel sorry for deadmau5 who has to play his masterwork right after someone like < PROPFIRST > Bieber or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
I need a badass outfit for a wedding . Cousin is getting married in a few weeks . Anyone got any ideas ? 
Who the hell needs modern medicine ? A cute chick passes by you and cures your headache . That's called \dank\ " medicine . " 
Just saw a granny in a new corvette blaze down the street at like 70-80 per hour . Something tells me she was the rebel type when she was in high school . 
What's this new trend with wearing your PJs in public ? 
Has anyone been able to figure out what to do if you have a mouth full of food and have to sneeze ? There doesn't seem to be ANY easy way out of this problem , as I once again learned tonight at dinner . 
Name your top five favorite songs of all time . I'm interested in everyones list . 
So what else is everyone doing on their Sunday besides getting over their hangover ? 
First new episode of House for the season kicked ass . A bit of a drama fest , but pretty good . Anybody watch ? 
\A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world . \"" 
My English prof is real interesting . She sees sexual things in EVERYTHING we read . 
There's a deaf math wiz in my math class . She can't say a single thing but she's correcting the professor's mistakes every day while all of us are just quiet . Impossible is nothing . 
Summer in September . 
Has anyone ever noticed how a shoe store like Payless always has this unique smell that greets you as soon as you walk in ? 
Refreshing late night swim at the pool after a hot day . Try it . You'll sleep like a baby . 
106 F . This is just too sexy for me . 
Man this global warming is continuing into the night . 
So election time in November is almost here . Other than voting for governor , we got a pretty big proposition to vote and decide on : Prop 19 , which will legalize weed . What's everyone's take on this ? 
Being too smart sometimes can be a curse . Take me for an example - I keep getting Cs on essays because professors are too dumb to understand my ideas and what I'm saying . Stay dumb people - dumb is the sexyness . 
Go outside and check out the sunset . Most gorgeous one I've seen in a long time . 
Super hot chick in the library going on an online dating site . Like seriously , come on . I'm sure you're havin problems getting noticed ... -_- 
Life really is like The Hills or Jersey Shore . It is because we want to desperately make it like that , and so it becomes a reality . My reality is simply music , the sky , and love . Turn off the T.V. 
Theres rain and thunder but theres a blue sky and nice white clouds . Did someone slip some acid into my drink ? Not cool guys . 
I respect the believer who wants to go heaven after Earth , but I respect the unbeliever more who wants to bring heaven to Earth . 
House again tonight 8:00 . Don't miss the epicness . 
The rain made the air all fresh . 
Some random person in public just went up to me and recognized me as Moontouch . EPIC . 
I can never get used to those Bluetooth people . It makes you think everybody is talking to themselves out of insanity . 
There is a new Mehic in the family . 
Love it when my subwoofer pumps so hard that the pens on my desk roll off of it . 
< PROPFIRST > Lennon's birthday . 
What's everyone up to tonight ? 
Using three computers at once , and one has dual monitors . That's four screens at the same time . I'm a big kid now . 
Kill or be killed ? Love and be loved . 
I've always thought we're deranged for celebrating < PROPMALE > Day . A man sparks an invasion of an entire country , colonizes it , and then rapes and kills all the people when it doesn't look like many of them want to become Christians . He isn't the first European to discover < PROPFEMALE > either ; < PROPMALE > Ericson is . What a fail of a holiday . 
If you can get a house DJ to play hip hop , you've moved a mountain . 
< PROPMALE>'s Life Lesson #51 - Being a master class bullshitter is an absolutely imperative skill to surviving in this harsh world . 
Just a heads up to anyone driving on < PROPMALE > past Fairview to be careful . Theres always some idiots racing at this hour . 
Subway one-footer to hit the spot . 
It feels so nice when you do it . You do it with another person , but you can do it by yourself too . It's nice on a bed , and sometimes people go to places where a bunch of people are all doing it at the same time . Listening to music . Nothing beats it . 
Has anyone tried these new \twice as hot\ " Hot Cheetos ? They make you bleed from your mouth . " 
Just voted . Nice dark spot for \yes\ " on Prop 19 . " 
Here's the craziest fact you've never heard of : billions of years ago , your atoms were part of an exploding < PROPFEMALE > . You're basically < PROPFEMALE > stuff - a < PROPFEMALE > that exploded . Keep that in mind the next time you think your life is boring . 
Lol I forgot I got scammed into joining the Republican Party . Got another brochure telling me what neocons to vote for the election . 
Was just at Black Angus . The population was 100% white people . All everybody talked about was football and the economy . 
Kid Cudi changed my image of hip hop . 
\Everyone who had a birthday this month : you were all conceived on < PROPFIRST > 1st . Probably early in the morning and surrounded by empty bottles . Happy Birthday ! \ " - hahahah what an observation " 
Dance music is the one and only aphrodisiac . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday , and an extra special thanks to those who knew my birthday was today without looking at Facebook ! haha =) 
This psychology textbook of disorders lists homosexuality as one followed by bogus evidence on why it's a disorder , in addition to pages and pages on how to supposedly cure gays . Don't be so surprised . If this same author was born a few centuries ago , he would have listed atheism as one followed by exorcisms on how to \expunge the Devil from their souls . \"" 
Lol at all the people in a frenzy to watch Paranormal Activity 2 tonight . You're watching the sequel to the worst movie in the history of film . It's like a bigger piece of crap that evolved from a piece of crap . 
The \Word of God\ " - could you imagine most of the bloodshed in history was simply over three magical words ? " 
Imagine - first EDM radio station in LA/OC . I just told you a million dollar idea . 
Nasty weather , anyone ? 
So what's this new trend with having cell phones that talk and say random stuff ? 
\Star crossed lizards\ " - poetry under the cap of my Sobe tea . " 
\We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark . The real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light . \ " - Plato " 
Who voted ?! 
To blaze or not to blaze ? That is the question on every Californian's mind today . 
So why did they make this text smaller ... 
Pool weather in November . That's pretty down . 
Why is it that the people who most hate drama are the ones creating it ? 
Drinking a bunch of Rock Stars with a friend and seeing who can draw the straighest line on a piece of paper . Fun times . 
Wow . What a party Friday night that was . I heard people crankin ' it past < PROPFEMALE > . 
Someone is blasting < PROPFIRST > Bieber in my neighborhood . My soul is being chastised . 
Ain't nothing like finishing off a weekend working on a new dancefloor bomb . 
If you say you're complex or difficult to understand , you're actually simple . If you say you're simple , you're actually pretty unique and complex . 
Knowing powerful people in life gets you everywhere and anywhere . 
So I got invited to join Phi Theta Kappa ... 
\We are all full of weakness and errors ; let us mutually pardon each other our follies . \ " - Voltaire " 
\Cover girl cutouts throw up pop-up ads . Infecting victims with silicone shrapnel . \"" 
Fast food is made in such a way that whether the food went cold a day or a minute ago , it'll still taste like crap if you warm it up . You got it eat it warm as it comes out of the joint . Anyone got any theories ? 
Eating breakfast for dinner . Eggs , toast , sausage - the whole package . Momma gave birth to a rebel . 
\The function of music is to release us from the tyranny of conscious thought . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Beecham " 
One < PROPFIRST > of an intelligent person - they don't whine and cry much . 
Going to school is my lawful wife , but producing dance music is my prostitute . 
Outside looking at the stars . Call me a weirdo , but I find these things breathtaking . 
In my college library , nobody even studies . Everybody is just on Facebook posting stupid status updates of how they're tired and watching Ke$sha videos on YouTube . Basically , modern day college at its finest . Presidents and scientists will be a product of this library . 
Everybody be Facebookin up in here now . 
Remembering something funny and then laughing about it in public . Easiest way to look insane , but it's damn fun . 
Discussion question of the night : why do gay people have such a great sense of fashion ? 
\We share the same biology regardless of ideology . \ " - Sting " 
Ahhh , finished . This should be well worth it . 
Just went to my usual barbershop , and the place was empty with every single barber sitting down doing something and waiting for me . 
So weird . The sun is still out and you can see the sky , but there is a rain cloud right above my street and it's raining . Now there's a rainbow . Someone screwed up the weather . 
Just wanna ' recommend to everyone to check out the series Boardwalk Empire ( HBO ) if you can . It's one of the best series I've discovered in years , and reminds me that good film isn't dead yet . 
People who take the stairs > people who take the elevator . 
Everybodys all getting ready for Turkey Genocide day . 
Anyone know what I have to do if I wanted to mail a regular letter to Toronto , Canada ? 
Can't believe how many of you guys are losing sleep right now racing around Walmarts and buying stuff . What the hell are you guys buying anyway ? 
Oh you funny people , quit quoting singers and rappers all the time on here and think for yourself for once . 
I believe in life before death . I know , I'm controversial . 
Wow . There's a second Bosnian now going pro in electronic dance music . The first is in trance , and this new one now is in progressive house . That still leaves someone for electro . I'm hunting that spot . =P 
Rain and cold . Time to snuggle in with some hot chocolate and watch cartoons . 
Epic thunder and rain is epic . 
So , just a few more weeks until the decade ends . Pretty good decade eh ? 
Rain and thunder overnight . Poetic . 
I just realized I've released four originals , an edit , and two mixes ( 3rd coming ) in only half a year and I haven't even gotten the cops called on me once for loud music . Amazing . 
< PROPFIRST > Assange is in jail . The martyrdom begins . 
It must suck to be a super hot chick . I just saw this bombshell get hit on by three different guys within 60 seconds . 
Just took another final . I think I did ok , except there were a lot of questions I didn't know , so I just put \Chuck Norris\ " in the blanks . I'm hoping the prof has a sense of humor and gives me some points on those . " 
Life is like feeding a pig bacon . It's got an odd sense of humor sometimes . 
Success is 99% inspiration and 1% perspiration . 
Afrojack just announced for TAO . Shitting bricks . 
Ahhh . 14,000 + words/61 pages written and 30+ tests/quizzes taken . Hardest semester of my life so far - done . 
Really gorgeous sunset outside ! 
Woot ! My track \Let's Lean\ " was posted on the Dirty House < PROPFEMALE > here late last night . " 
The never-ending obsessional < PROPFIRST > Bieber hate is getting old , fast . 
Go to bed . You have work tomorrow . 
Being unable to find things you once used but know still have is frustrating as hell . I say we just put a GPS on everything in our house so we can find it later . 
New Year's plans anyone ? 
Sleeping a long time overnight definitely makes you dream the dreams of an LSD user . 
Entering Laidback < PROPMALE>'s worldwide remix competition for his new single Timebomb ! Since so many people viewed my last track Let's < PROPFEMALE > as my best work yet , I plan on using the majority of it to lay it over the vocals and instruments of Timebomb so it can be as great as the original and yet still count as a remix ! The best way to think about it is what deadmau5 did with his hit Ghosts n Stuff . More news soon ! 
Bosnia is playing against Mexico here in Atlanta in February . I knew this epic battle would one day come . =P 
Someone is pissing on us from above . 
All the best people are always online at this hour on Facebook . 
So hot and < PROPFEMALE > today it's not even funny . 
Watched Inception for about 20 minutes then gladly killed that crap . I hope this isn't the standard for film nowadays . 
People constantly think they are being tested by someone or something . The only thing testing you is yourself , and if you can understand and overcome this tester , well , then I personally think you deserve an A in lifeology . 
If you need laws and ancient religious texts to be good , you're in fact not good at all . In my view , great is the person who is good to people on instinct . 
Blue skies , white puffy clouds and a gleaming sun . The weather has finished with its emo Dashboard Confessional period . 
Afrojack uses FL Studio . Hell yea . =) 
\What's the most successful pick up line ever ? It's ' does this smell like chloroform ? ' =P " 
It's 3:00 AM and my chat list is full of people . Why are you people creepin ' on so late ? 
If you're awake right now , look out your window and you'll see THE thickest fog ever . I can't even see what's on the other side of my street . 
Sorry guys , but because of shameful technical issues with SoundCloud , my yearmix which was supposed to be out today has been delayed . The situation is beyond my fault , but I'm working hard to get in touch with the relevant people to fix this . Will keep you guys updated . 
Everybody Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Woot ! More than 100 plays for my yearmix in less than 24 hours - my fastest growing upload ever ! Thanks everyone . 
So whose having an epic Friday ? 
Wind n ' stuff . 
Where my head at ? TAO in 24 hours . 
My New Year's resolution : be a good person . Original set date : 1991 ( birth ) by mom on me . Funny eh ? But now , I recommend mom's resolution to every person in the world for New Year's . 
There's something about New Year's which makes it my favorite . Unlike most holidays , it doesn't have a stupid religion or belief tied to it , you can celebrate it anywhere in the world , and it's the best excuse to get drunk out of your ass . Happy New Year's everyone . 
Rain is a nice way to start the new year . Wash away all the crap from the old year . 
Can't believe it's been more than 48 hours since TAO now and I still have a < PROPFEMALE > bit of the after-rave \hiss\ " in my ears . The bass must have straight up gotten wasted and then barfed in my ears . " 
The pain others cause us is not always worth revenging against . Often their intentions are good , but their naive lack of knowledge sends a message - it says that while good intention doesn't make them 100% innocent , it gives us a good reason to let go of our anger , forgive them , and teach them what they do not know . 
Off to go see True Grit . Few people are badass for Westerns nowadays . 
Apparently two people just won a massive $355M jackpot so they have to split it half and half . If I was one of them , I'd be smart and marry the other even if it was a gay marriage . DOUBLE THE CASH . 
It's Thursday , all day long . Wow , who would have guessed it ran that long ? 
\Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies . \ " - Aristotle " 
\Here's the thing with me and the religious thing . This is the flat-out truth : I find the religiosity and philosophy in the music . I don't find it anywhere else . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Quit making drunk status updates and get off Facebook . 
It's pretty funny when people debate endlessly on how this kind of music is better than that kind of music . Somebody should tell them that doing that is no different from saying \the color blue is better than the color green ! \"" 
Just hit the 20GB < PROPFIRST > on my iPod and main music library folder . All built up over many years . What a beast . 
Finding it funny how the news now are trying to dissect < PROPMALE > Lougner's beliefs to see what political view motivated him to kill so many people . They're ranging it from < PROPFEMALE > Palin to communism . I'm ranging it from \being crazy\ " to \ " being really fucking crazy . \"" 
Someone left me a voice mail this morning but didn't < PROPFEMALE > up properly so it recorded on and on . They started gossiping about me with someone else as soon as they said \bye . \ " Looking forward to having an entertaining \ " mind-reading\ " conversation with them next time . " 
Everybody likes hippity hop music . 
Had to change my underwear after that Lakers game . 
Oh man , the astrological signs changed ! We better hurry and get the new horoscopes now or else we won't be informed if a lightning strike will kill us tomorrow ! 
First night in weeks that isn't ice cold . I guess the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > winds finally have a purpose . 
\Man is free at the instant he wants to be . \ " - Voltaire " 
Love that fact that today was beach weather while the other 90% of the country is submerged in ice and snow . 
Does anyone else miss playing hide and go seek ? Who says just because we're adults we're not allowed to do that anymore ? 
\Nature does not give a man virtue : the process of becoming a good man is an art . \ " - Seneca " 
Coachella 2011 lineup is a musical paradise . 
Just watched Saturday Night Live . It's hard to believe this show once brought people to tears from laughter . 
I don't have that many material desires in life , but there's one I just can't drop . Someday I'd really like to get a fat fat grand piano , and just jam away with that thing . 
In life , everything makes sense , if you DON'T think about it . 
Taking a weekly 4 hour keyboarding night class this semester . Will be fun to see how all the students in the class are gonna ' survive that without strangling each other with the mouse cord . 
I'm such a geek for liking Antiques Roadshow , but I just find super old stuff amazing . It's like treasure or something . 
The \twice as hot\ " Hot Cheetos refresh the awesomeness of eating these . " 
\The creation of < PROPMALE > is not the fulfillment of a need but the creation of a need . The world never needed Beethoven's Fifth Symphony until he created it . Now we could not live without it . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Kahn " 
Let's go Egypt ! Don't let anyone touch your epic pyramids and sphinxes . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Club is pretty weird . They only let you buy things in big and expensive packages and sets . Want a carton of milk for some cereal ? How about three instead at once ? 
Lakers played so bad tonight that I'm pretty sure even my skeleton ass could one-man all five of them . 
Literally just finished sleeping on my cat right now . I was wondering in my sleep why my \pillow\ " felt so nice and warm . " 
The sky is lookin ' double rainbow orange right now . 
I hope everyone is having a fun time watching the foot and balls today ! 
Wait a sec , what can < PROPFEMALE > actually do ? Music - all created by other actually talented electronic producers . Singing - all Auto-Tune ; she would sound like a creaking floorboard without it . Lyrics - that goes without mention . It's pretty sad that there are so many talented musicians and producers out there who go unheard of since the mainstream music biz just likes to manufacture fake talent instead . 
So Mexico is playing against Bosnia day after tomorrow . I am so going to get jumped in my neighborhood . 
Only 24 more hours to go for the battle I knew would one day come : los mexicanos y los bosniadores . 
30 more minutes until the Bosnia and Mexico game . I've boarded up all my windows , barricaded my door , and I'm ready to watch the game from under my couch here in the middle of my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > neighborhood . 
Sweet deal . Just got a Twitter up for my music . Follow at @Moontouchmusic . 
Congrats Egypt for booting off your tyrant . In essence , you don't mess with the damn pyramids , bitch . 
Country music on the Grammys right now . In other words , Lady Gaga and < PROPFIRST > Bieber are wondering from what foreign country the singer is from . 
Today seems to look like quite the hot chocolate and cartoons day . 
Observing a janitor . Shes cleaning big windows and mopping the floors of nasty public restrooms and you can tell shes been doing it all day . But guess what ? She has a perfect posture and glowing smile on her face . I guess happiness really is all in the mind . 
Try eating Hot Cheetos and then brushing your teeth right after . It's like sipping gasoline into your mouth and then throwing in a lit matchstick . 
Today looks like yet another hot chocolate and cartoons day but screw it , let's party . 
I just remembered my old high school military recruiter . No matter what you say , they always try to convince you to join . Even if you say something like that you have other plans and want to be an auto mechanic , they say you can work on the humvees in the Army . So I said to him that I wanted to be a philosopher , and he couldn't figure out a way to reply to that . =P 
If you have a problem with gay marriage , then don't get married to a gay or lesbian person . Ahh , simple solutions . 
Why is KFC so magical ? What do they put in those wings ? 
Paranormal Activity 2 - best movie plot of all time ? Plot : Invisible ghosts terrorize a house . A wife gets possessed . The wife gains a Dragon Ball Z-like superpower and mega punches her family to death . 
The Social Network should definitely win tonight . 
Man , < PROPFIRST > Sheen sure is a nut case . He kisses two porn stars as he's conducting an ABC interview . 
They say the most powerful force in the world is a nuclear hydrogen bomb . I disagree . I say it's the influence people have on us , whether good or bad . 
Damn gas can now officially be considered liquid gold at the pumps . 
Just finished the rough draft of the biggest piece of music I've created in my life so far , hands down . Next step : a lot of < PROPFEMALE > . This one deserves one hell of a spit shine before it's unleashed . 
I love watching people cringe at the gas pump . I'm pretty sure if someone spilled some of the gas from the nozzle people would jump to the ground and lick it up . 
Apparently today is International World DJ Day ? Who knew ? =P 
Isn't it entertaining when people create drama among each other on Facebook ? It's like a free movie but you don't even have to pay for the ticket or DVD . =P 
Hundreds of thousands of people suffer in Japan , while the next story on the news is < PROPFIRST > Lohan's latest appearance in court . Welcome to < PROPFEMALE > . 
I love how the pizza delivery guys care so much if you tip them or not . He knocks on my door , I open it , and he pretty much non-verbally says \here's your damn pizza you bastard . \ " I hand him a couple of < PROPFIRST > Washingtons and then he's pretty much like \ " thank you good sir ! A thousand virgins for you in the afterlife ! \"" 
2:00 AM just disappeared right before my eyes . Someone murdered it . This is an injustice . 
My church's roof is the sky , it's stained glass windows are lakes , and it's marble floor is grass . 
So I just got a letter in the mail that T-Mobile is going to cut off my phone's Internet permanently next month just for the hell of it ( all Sidekicks ) , and that I need to buy a new phone if I want it back . Cool . Corporate greed in action . 
Started my day off today with some Snickers bars for breakfast . No regrets . It's all about \winning\ " like < PROPFIRST > Sheen says . " 
I find people funny who defend free speech with their dying breath , but then feel offended when somebody says something that they wouldn't like them to say . 
QUICK . Everybody post a few of your favorite hip hop songs at the moment to this status update . New stuff only ( last year to two ) . 
Whoah . Sorry about that roaring sound guys . I'll try to keep it down . Subwoofer got a little out of control . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is the greatest Mexican ever . Just because he exists I think we should open up the borders completely and get rid of the border guard . 
Life seems to be pretty lame if you're a hot chick with a Facebook . You go on their Wall and it's nothing but a sausage fest of people who comment . 
My DJing calendar is lookin ' a bit empty ! If you want me to perform at your event or know somebody who would want me in the Orange County area , contact me here . 
Today is Thursday . That means ... tomorrow is ... 
\The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong . \"" 
Eating macadamia nut cookies with some tea and watching Dancing With the Stars . As you can see , I've aged a few years . 
Damn you Facebook ads teasing me exclusively based upon my interests . \Come join our music school and we'll make you famau5 . We even haz a free million dollar studio for you . \"" 
Ant infestation in my house . I was forced to < PROPFEMALE > out a genocide so big with my can of Raid that I'm sure I've alerted the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Dubstep playing on my campus ( SAC ) . The times are a-changin as < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > says . 
Is anyone NOT at the Lady Gaga concert tonight in Anaheim ? 
It's interesting how some people surround themselves with only other people who have the same beliefs as they do , because the idea of being proved wrong is scarier than the other belief itself . 
Has anyone ever found out if ice cream sundaes are meant to be eaten only on Sundays ? 
Common sense sometimes isn't so common . 
For the first time , I just won a staring contest with my cat . When I won , she just hissed at me and ran away . Apparently it's a great sin and disrespect to beat cats at their own game . 
Ordered in a Motorola Defy last night . This thing is supposed to be water-resistant , so I can't wait to make my first underwater phone call with it . 
Power106 is ripping straight through stuff like Afrojack and < PROPMALE > Angello right now . Looking forward to next seeing < PROPFIRST > Bieber DJing raves . 
So I just got a reply from a label telling me that one of my newly finished songs is too Dutch for them . What's the catch ? This was a Dutch label from Holland . They admitted that it was too Dutch even for them . We were lolling pretty hard through e-mail . Because of this , they were nice enough to give me like a dozen more business referrals . 
Am I the only one whose annoyed when it's a cold or rainy day and you walk into a public building or room and the air conditioning is on full blast ? 
If I can stop one heart from breaking , \ 
I shall not live in vain ;\ 
If I can ease one life the aching , \ 
Or cool one pain , \ 
Or help one fainting robin\ 
Unto his nest again , \ 
I shall not live in vain . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson 
Sometimes it can be a massive trip if you like scroll through your computer's calendar and go forward by years , and then stop at a random day in the future and think about what you'll be doing on that day . June 8th , 2017 . Wonder what I'll be doing then . Hope they still have chipotle then . 
So I see the weekend of debauchery has begun for the Coachella peeps . 
Don't be afraid to be a pioneer in life . Followers only become good at following . 
Wow . Was just trying to record a 2-hour mix for a radio show , and when I get to the last and final song , I stupidly decide to surf random sites before it finishes when all of a sudden I get an audio advertisement pop up about cheap viagra and that gets recorded too . Well I'm not looking forwarding to redoing this , so I guess everyone who listens to that show can know about cheap viagra . 
Today in < PROPFEMALE > , the sales of pop tarts , cereal , and brownies jumps threefold . 
Trying to send my first status with my new 4G Android beast . Did it work ? 
\Insane in the membrane \"" 
I'm hearing a fourth grader outside my house on the phone gossiping with a friend about lunch time drama . She's talking about stuff like whether or not some guy called some girl pretty , and whether some girl made fun of some guy for wearing ugly pants to school . Oh man , those were the days . The thing is , some of us still haven't grown out of that stage . 
\Laugh and the world laughs with you . Snore and you sleep alone . \"" 
I stayed up late last night watching the < PROPMALE > wedding . I did it for one and only one reason : goddamn epic hats . 
--> The wind blows . <-- Check that out . I can post meaningless statuses too . 
I just privately got a positive comment by one of the world's biggest stars on one of my songs . Talk about being given an injection of inspiration straight into my vein . 
\The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good . \"" 
I'm trying to do my homework , but someone keeps minimizing that window and maximizing the Facebook window . I wonder who . 
One can't even depend on oneself , so what makes depending on others a good idea ? 
