I am so bored that i actually considered going to sleep ... wow 

Today is the big day ... wish me luck its going to be a long one but so worth it :D 
mmm girl scout cookie ice cream ^_^ 
Has an interview at KFC today ... thoughts and prayers would be appreciated 
I feel like crap , my fiance feels like crap ... Not a good day so far ... I am lucky I at least got to sleep in and feel like crap ... Yay wireless internet ... I can feel like crap in bed and still be online ^_^ i think i will go make some chicken ramen now ... Its kinda like chicken soup 
Happy Valentines Day !!! 
Listening to 6.3 hours of music that < PROPMALE > suggested for the wedding reception . 
ugh I hate being sick :( 
Darn you Wedding Wire ... Don't you know I am addicted ? I don't care about your matinence , get back on line ! 
I have to say I love the women of Wedding wire . You guys are the bestest ^_^ 
is watching < PROPMALE > Beck's Education Special 
God blessed me with a truly perfect day . Getting my dress ordered and then lunch at Buffalo Wild Wings with my Sweetie ... Plus I beat him on the little trivia game they have there thanks to knowing a question about < PROPMALE > Burn's ... thanks Mr. Prichard ... lol 
I am offically done with my vows ... They are finally perfect now I think ^_^ 
Just learned that Portland Orgeon is home to the world's smallest park ... just 24 inches across . I love History Channel . 
is watching The Big Bang Theory . 
I am 90% sure I broke my toe . 
Wow ... its sad when the government bans twice fried pies for our health . People should be able to decide if they want to give themself a heart attack or not . 
went to church , out to eat , the library , and now I am home sweet home watching a show on Hitler while < PROPMALE > Kline takes a nap ... he is so cute when he sleeps ! ^_^ 
had corned beef and cabbage for the first time . 
Is gonna donate blood today ... fun times .... 
Apparently having 5 computers on the same internet connection slows things down a little . Who would have known ? 
Went to < PROPMALE>'s parent's church this morning then left from there and now am back home after a super long drive . 
is going to the library today ... if the darn place would open . 
Had a GREAT day !!! 
Cannot wait until April 16th ... only 2 more weeks ! 
Happy Easter Everyone ! 
< PROPMALE > Kline is the best fiance EVER !!!! 
Mango sorbet mmm ... who needs solid foods ? 
Today was the last saturday of busy season and < PROPMALE > is already home and well into a guitar session . One more week to go . 
apparently using fb mobil makes carsickness worse . go figure 
Mmm i love A&W ! :P 
I really wish that weddingwire.com worked right on my phone ... 
Even in a bar smoking a cigar should be banned ... 
has a coffee buzz ... or maybe its the half cup of sugar i put it 
Sugar free peeps are just wrong 
Just kicked out of a club now < PROPMALE > is taking me out to dinner ... he is seriously going to eat \rocky mountain oysters\ " gross " 
Went ahead and tried some of the bull fries ... they were not that bad actually . 
News Flash : Wyoming is boring . 
Glad to be home ! 
Cheddar fries and mountian dew the breakfast of champions ... wait if you first meal is at 4:00 is it still breakfast ? 
Yay chatting at midnight about dog pee 
Thankfully the pepper plants survived the snow storm . 
Yay being an audience for band practice ... not . 
I am so glad that < PROPMALE>'s band practice is FINALLY over . 
Fixed the PS2 ( who could have known it was just wired wrong- thats right I said that like 2 months ago and was told I was silly ) , wasted a few hours of my life playing video games , wasted a few more doing miscellaneous stuff and now I am going to go to the gym for the remainder of the day and at least pretend to be productive . 
I should have stayed home today . Nothing good ever comes from being productive . 
Off to play ps2 and forget about the craptastic day I had . 
Is having a better day today . 
Everyone needs to message me their phone #'s because I don't know anyones thanks to speed dial . 
Had a wonderful night . < PROPMALE > Kline made dinner and we cuddled up and watched Blues Brothers . Its great to be marrying a man that can cook . 
Happy Mommy's Day ! 
Mmm enchiladas ! :-P My fiance is the bestest cook ever . 
Opened the blinds and back door thinking that letting light in would help cheer me up . Its raining and cold , of course . Now I am debating about going back to bed . 
Could I just get an IV of coffee ? That would be really great thanks . 
Hopefully < PROPMALE > wll get home soon . I don't like being home alone . Dang band practice . 
I feel AMAZING !!! XD 
I am tired and have a headache :( 
Church was good . That Frozen Espresso was not so good for Mr. Tummy though . 
my headaches back :( 
I do not like being ignored :( bad fiance ! JK I love you hunny ! 
Trust in the LORD with\ 
all your heart and < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding ; in all your ways acknowledge\ 
him , and he will make your paths straight . Proverbs 3:5 -6 
Done packing . 
I am doing suprisingly well . I love < PROPMALE > Kline but I am glad that if things had to end they ended like this . 
Take off is delayed indefenitly because of matatinance issues . The phrase you`ll know when we know\ is never reassuring . " 
I was going to miss my connecting flight so they gave me a new flight that leaves at 6:30 and gets in at 9:30 . Thankfully I have free wifi . 
Free food is always the best . 
Thanks everyone for the concern , Im doing ok . Mom took me and sis to Shrek and we spent the rest of the weekend at the cabin . Just taking it day by day . 
I hate dialup ! sorry < PROPFEMALE > g . i tried messaging you for 20 minutes but gave up ... oh and btw i am blond now everyone . 
is babysitting her neice . 
is house sitting , I just wish I had thought to grab my contact solution . 
Got my glasses ordered last night . Thanks sissy ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the dad's out there ! Especially my own , wish I could be there today ! 
glad to have my new glasses . 
I got the job ! * happy dance * 
Orientation = 9 hours of boredom 
My first day of work is over , now I get to go train . Yeah that doesn't make sense to me either . 
Just found out I am pulling a 12 hour overnight shift this Sunday . At least from 8pm - midnight will be holiday pay . Finally a reason in life where my insomnia is a good thing . 
I really need to update my facebook pic . I am a < PROPFEMALE > now . Its back to how I was when I was a little kid . Darn non web cam computers ! 
Its times like this that I wish I had more < PROPFEMALE > . 
God has such a funny way of making things work out in the ways we least expect . 
I got another overnight at work , this time with the person I trained on . It should be pretty easy . 
I am headed to Florida , this should be a fun week . 
Its going to take a long time to get to Florida going 30 < PROPMALE > per hour . 
I really have to pee ... too bad the first stop is memphis , about 2 hours from here . 
In mississippi finally . We are halfway there . 
went fishing on the ocean and I caught 7 sharks . 
I am glad to be back in missouri but not so glad to be working the graveyard shift after driving back all day . I won't even have time to shower before work . :( 
One of my favorite residents died . :( 
Church was great ! I can't wait for tomorrow ! I love you < PROPMALE > ! 
Good Morning World ! I have been up since 5am after getting in from church at 2 but i have a date so oh well . 
Well in 13 hours I will be back home , maybe 14 including bathroom stops . 
I hate Kansas . 
Ugh i just heard that it got up to 116 before the heat index in kansas today ... after 105 it all feels equally miserable . 
Yay ! I am offically in Colorado finally ! 
Home sweet home :) 
< PROPMALE > has band practice today :( I really do like him being in a band but I just hate that he won't be home until really late . On the plus side I got my classes registered , now I just need to get my transcripts and act scores faxed to them . 
I just learned that the escaped convict and his accomplice / fiance are first cousins ... O_o 
Ugh laundry sucks ! 
Now I am in a mood ... I kinda feel like a hypocrite . lol 
Ok I officially have my schedule . I am taking American Sign Language , Integrated Science 2 ( yes before one apparently that is okay ) and Teaching and Learning Online . 3 Classes 12 Credits :) Awesome ! 
\You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart 
I went out for a bike ride without even crashing . Wow ... maybe I am learning some coordination , nah its probably a fluke . 
< PROPMALE > took me out to dinner at a sushi place and tricked me into eating soft-shell crab . Raw fish is fine but fried crab including the brain that's where I draw the line . 
< PROPMALE > Kline is practicing to get ready for band practice . Lol . 
Back home , practice was good < PROPMALE > was the best of course ( no bias here lol ) . I really like everyone in the band too which is a good thing . 
We didn`t make it to church today but I did get my school shopping done and now < PROPMALE > and I are going up to Mt . Evans 
Ugh I just woke up from the craziest nightmare ever . < PROPFEMALE > ( yes the youth leader ) had gone crazy killed a bunch of people including < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > didn't exist in the dream or had already died I don't know ) . I found out about it so < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > where trying to kill me next . I had to get up and make some chamomile tea it creeped me out so bad . It was graphic . Poor < PROPFEMALE > . 
Buying back to school clothes with your parents money = Fun\ 
Buying back to school clothes with the money you worked you butt off for = Not fun . \ 
\ 
Well at least I am done and ready for classes tomorrow . If I get my financial aid , if not the college will drop me in all my classes on Wednesday . In case no one has ever told you : growing up sucks . 
Yay I am going to get my financial aid eventually and until then my file is flagged so that until then I won't kicked out for not paying . 
i feel like a kid again sitting on the bus for school . 
I really hope < PROPMALE > gets home soon . 
I dont like ASL anymore . I think I have carpal tunnel now . :( 
Cream cheese stuffed peppers wrapped in bacon and brats . I knew there was a reason that I liked going to Roger`s band practice . 
Going to get my hair cut . Hopefully it turns out well . 
I love my new haircut ! 
I am done with my Casablanca Essay !!!! Now only 600 words to sign and I am ready for class tomorrow ! 
Rockies won 5-4 it was a good game :) 
The Breaking < PROPFEMALE > audio book sure makes house cleaning easier . 
Yes ! After over an hour and many Google searches I figured out how to turn on close captioning . I swear if I was deaf I would never get Comcast . 
I have a terrible headache ... I really hope < PROPMALE > gets home soon . 
Well today didn't really go as planned but I guess it could be worse . I really want my a hug from my mom right now but I don't think its gonna happen . I guess I can live with a phone call from her tonight . 
is going for a much needed run to clear my head . 
In case anyone else in my family is worried : I live an hour away from Boulder , and I am fine . Love you all . 
Finally a touchdown . The 3 hours of punting back and forth was getting old . 
I am speechless . That was the worst game ending ever . 
Just did the calculations and I biked over 15 < PROPMALE > today . I am so sore . 
I finalized the wedding guest list and picked table linens today . ^_^ 
Learning to make green chili :) 
I love House ! < PROPMALE > is so sweet to humor me . :) 
Ugh I am sick of being itchy why the heck am I broken out still ??? :( 
The worship concert was AWESOME ! ^_^ 
Its finally starting to feel like fall :) 
< PROPMALE > took my guitar apart to fix it and change the strings , after getting it apart he found out the body was broken under the face thingy and can't be fixed . I was sad but he said he will get a replacement for me . :) He is so sweet ! 
I love my new hair color :) I really wish that < PROPMALE > Kline would turn off the killer < PROPFEMALE > documentary . :/ 
An everyone say a prayer for < PROPFEMALE > a girl from my church group . She has a brain tumor that thankfully is benign but she will need surgery next week . 
Apparently every pizza place in the city closes before 11pm on a Saturday night . Its almost like living in Lonedell again . 
Woke up at 4 am with her hand throbbing ... Why didn't I put Neosporin on that little cut on my thumb joint ? Now its infected and pain is radiating through my wrist . 
It is so good to be marrying a guy that can cook :D 
I hate high altitude cooking . Even when I follow the adjusted recipes my cookies turn out a millimeter thick . :( 
Well since the cookies turned out so badly I made a pie . No rising required there . I hope it turns out well . I took the time to do a lattice crust even so I will be :( if it burns or anything . 
I feel so blessed today ! ^_^ 
WoW ( Wild on Wednesday ) at church was great . I am working with the Kindergarten class and they are all so adorable . They had sugar cookies as their snack that they frosted and decorated with pixie stick powder , then rice-crispy treats that one of the parents brought in . Thankfully snack time is right before the parents come get them because they where bouncing off the walls . 
The Rangers sucked tonight ! 0-9 and they walked 2 runs . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone :) 
Happy Halloween Everyone ! 
I won a fish and I think he died already . < PROPMALE > says he is sleeping because he is not upside down but I don't think so . 
I am SO glad to be home . Who knew shopping was such hard work ? :) 
I cannot believe that there are stores already playing Christmas Carols . Well its better than the rap music that some played . 
I am getting tired but I really want to stay up to see if < PROPMALE > wins . 
I give up they aren't going to call it tonight . I am off to bed . 
I am so flippin tired . I stayed up until 3 watching election stuff then < PROPMALE > woke me up leaving for work and I can't get back to sleep . :( I wonder if you can overdose on coffee . 
Mmm < PROPMALE > took me out to get sushi :) 
Listening to the podcast of Sunday's sermon since I missed church . I really need to learn to multitask and do laundry at the same time but I keep procrastinating . 
is fighting the urge to decorate the house for Christmas today . 
Interval training is a bitch . I am either going to die or look amazing once the nine weeks are over . 
Just got back from the Gem show , it was awesome ! I got over 100 gems to make now ! :D 
I have my first jewelry designing injury . Blisters on pointer , middle , and ring finger . I did get 3 new pendants done though . I guess I need a break , or a finger guard . lol 
Why can't I sleep ? I took my melatonin , am drinking my chamomile tea , the tv is off so that I don't get caught up in any shows . Oh maybe its because < PROPMALE > has the heater cranked up to a billion degrees . It's winter , I should not be about to sweat . 
I love this dress even more than my first one and it fits perfectly . God is good ! 
I had plans for today but instead I am sitting around waiting on the handyman to come fix the closet . Apparently < PROPMALE > put too much crap on his half and popped the screws out of the bars reinforcements . 
It really shouldn't take 2 guys almost 3 hours to fix one bracket . 
I can't wait for Pie Prayer and Praise tomorrow ! I still need to make my pie though . Thankfully < PROPMALE > got my stuff since it will be freezing tomorrow . 
< PROPMALE > got eggnog tonight but I think I mixed it wrong . It was more alcohol than eggnog . It was tasty though . 
Well I am skipping Pie , Prayer , and Praise . I just don't feel up to it and I don't want to get other people sick . I guess we will just have 2 pumpkin pies for tomorrow now . 
I can't wait until tomorrow ! I want to start cooking right now . 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!!!! 
I hope that everyone had a great Thanksgiving . I wish I could have talked more but I will see you all in 2 weeks and I love you all ! 
Today has been a good day and I have a feeling tonight will be even better ! I am so blessed !!!! 
I am so tired ! It was a great shower though . 
Our water heater imploded . So apparently when it broke last week it wasn't just the pilot light being out like the handyman thought ( btw its electric and doesn't have a pilot light ) . SMH I am really thirsty all the sudden . 
I REALLY wish < PROPMALE > Kline would get up ! I know he drove all night and it would be rude to wake him , but I am bored now and want to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Fisher and < PROPFIRST > Richardson for a bit before they head to St. < PROPFIRST > . 
The wedding was great but I am glad to be married and all the planning done . ( < PROPMALE > is off getting some food so I snuck on ) . 
For anyone that has wedding pics they want to send to me email them to TaraKline@live.com please . Thanks :) 
I got a new laptop for Christmas :D Yay < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
I know < PROPMALE > will be back tomorrow but I am lonely . Maybe I should go to the gym for a few hours . 
Apparently when < PROPMALE > said he would meet me at the gym at 7 he meant he would be leaving work at 7 . Oh well i can use the extra workout . 
Ah a fully charged ipod and an empty gym . Does life get any better ? 
I have a checking account ! Tomorrow I am setting up paypal and I can finally start selling all the crap I have made . FINALLY !! :D 
I am having an identity crisis ! I finally got around to looking up my \new sign\ " ( because it is so real right ? ) and apparently Oct . 30 falls under both Libra and Virgo . So maybe that is why I am bipolar ? Lol " 
Its offical I have an account to sell my stuff . I am so happy . I need to load pictures up now and I will be in business . 
< PROPMALE > is doing our lead singer's taxes while i drink wine ... good times . 
< PROPMALE > is trying to learn wire wrap too . Maybe we can have a husband and wife hobby . :) 
Wish I had something stronger than advil . Anyone know a dealer ? Jk but seriously I wouldn't turn a Vacodine down right now . 
Yes , I am going out for dinner ! 
I can't speak :( < PROPMALE > hasn't been home all week yet he still managed to give me his cold . 
I will praise You in this storm , and I will lift my hands . For You are who You are , no matter where I am . 
Just finished my wedding scrapbook . I am giving it to < PROPMALE > for Valentines day . 
My computer died today . :( < PROPMALE > ordered me a new one that will be here Monday though . :D He is so good to me . I also have some sorta surprise present coming too . Maybe I am just a little spoiled . 
My new laptop came in ! < PROPMALE > has the same kind as my old one so he said he should be able to swap out the harddrives and recover all of my stuff . :) Sometimes it pays to marry a geek . 
Just got back from church . Awesome guest speaker that is a missionary in Iraq . :) 
I hate facebook ! 
I really can't wait until I can get out again . I don't care where too , I need some time with other people . Oh , and I have a massive headache T_T 
It was so great to get out today ! The weather was wonderful and I got an awesome new multi tool soldering gun . My leg is a bit sore but it was worth it ! 
Just taking a quick break from paking and cleaning . Can't wait for the retreat tomorrow and then to see my family on tuesday ! I have so much to get in order still . I hate leaving with things undone . 
I have to run to walmart , unpack my clothes , wash them all , repack my clothes , start dinner , etc . Yet I still sit haven't done anything . 
Lord willing , I will be flying to MO in 12 hours 
Last night I said that Lord willing I would be flying home by 6 am . Well apparently God did not want me on that flight for some reason . Neither of the alarms < PROPMALE > set went off and I was up but mixed up the time and just missed the flight . He is a wonderful husband and payed the change fees to get me an upgrade though so I will ( If God is willing this time ) be home by noon . 
Went to Riverside Wildlife Ctr . today . Saw a bunch of cute animals and held a boa constrictor . :D 
