My computer died like a month ago and all i can say is that i really miss the internet !! 

I adore all corners of < PROPMALE > riddle's chiseled face ! 
Why can't a gigantic pile of hundred dollar bills land on me ? 
I want to be laughed at , laughed with just because I want to feel weightless . 
Je suis tres attractive with my new hair cut that I got a week ago . :D 
But Everything Looks Great From Far Away ... 
I am finished !!!! Yahoo !! No more meticulous packet ! :D 
I watched The Breakfast Club yesterday and it wasn't as bad as Sixteen Candles . 
I agree with < PROPMALE > . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Sui !!!!! 
Playradioplay ! 
Beautiful things shall always be cherished . 
Why can't I be famous ? Seriously I've looked at the pros and cons and I'm willing to deal with the cons just so that I can get out of this stinking place in my life . 
So here I am , bored . That's not very good . 
Love today !!!! 
7 months till schools out ! Roughly . 
All the right friends in all the right places , all the right moves and all the right faces . 
< PROPFEMALE > Pack making relationships happen ... NOW ! 
:P I've wanted to make that face all day . 
There is just something about the thought of a French artist that just sends my heart into a frenzy . 
I'll be lucky if I have fingers by the spring . It's not even full fledged winter I think my fingers are about to fall off . 
NEW < PROPFEMALE > , NEW < PROPFEMALE > , NEW < PROPFEMALE > ! 
And because the hippopotamus was out of the water he decided to kill himself . haha I love four year olds . 
I want to go to the Crillon Ball !!!! 
Clever , thou < PROPMALE > so clever ! 
Sleepyhead by Passion Pit is my anthem of the moment . It's a crazy song . :P 
It's a fantabulous night for a < PROPFEMALE > dance ... 
:P ( Hilarious out burst is followed ) 
Is it strange that I fantasize about doing geography presentations on Japan ? 
Boy bands will always have a place in my heart . <3 
Come back sun ! I miss you and your wonderful emanating light ! 
Nobody Move , Nobody Get Hurt-We Are Scientists . Song of the moment . 
500 Days of Summer = The BEST Movie !!!!!! Blew my mind when I saw it . I love it !!!!! I now know what I want for my birthday . lol 
Partygoer : So < PROPMALE > , what is it that you do ? < PROPMALE > : I uh , I write greeting cards . Summer : < PROPMALE > could be a really great architect if he wanted to be . Partygoer : That's unusual , I mean , what made you go from one to the other ? < PROPMALE > : I guess I just figured , why make something disposable like a building when you can make something that last forever , like a greeting card . 
2010 > 2009 
\Just because she likes the same bizarre crap you do doesn't mean she's your soulmate . \ " -(500 ) Days of Summer " 
I will scream and shout , and like a child , pout , until the day I am heard . 
I am mourning the end of the weekend . Why , oh WHY did school start again ? 
“The true value of a human being can be found in the degree to which he has attained liberation from the self . ” < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Brick by boring brick ... 
I'm sick of hypocrites and people of the same mind set . 
Would someone like to tell me the point of five minute friendships and saying \I hate you\ " when someone does something better than you ? " 
All the \cool\ " kids never eat at lunch . Tell me \ " cool\ " kids how do your stomachs survive ? " 
My Life As Liz = The best show because not only is it overall kick butt ( meaning good music , people with cool hair -- Liz ) but I can relate to it . 
Throw your hands in the air , it's a polite dance song . 
A day is not complete without having some form of food thrown at you , or strange substances dumped on your head . Today was a complete day . 
Saturday Night Live , how could I ever laugh without you ? 
Sometimes I wonder how long I have been on Facebook , and by that I mean how long I've been a member . It certainly doesn't feel like years , but it has been . 
I'm just waiting to fall down a hole , but while I'm waiting , Happy Birthday Chopin . 
It's the rain . It's making me crazy . I'm so hyped up . It's the rain , then again it could be a full < PROPFEMALE > tonight soooo what you have to say about that ? ( Aren't the best statuses are the ones made when the person is kind of crazy . This must be a great status . ) SO FULL OF ENERGY ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Marling = Genius . 
I'm super tempted to just back up a bag and head out on a plane to New York and then < PROPFEMALE > and then another to Tokyo . I don't even think I'd come back until summer . 
I'm super tempted to just back up a bag and head out on a plane to New York and then < PROPFEMALE > and then another to Tokyo . 
Okay , I've heard Kids by MGMT before , it's just I don't know where . Does anyone know if that song is in a movie or something ? 
Is it horrible if I want to laugh at kids my age for talking about all of the frivolous crap they have/infuse in their live , because I've been wanting to really badly lately . That's a whole lot of \ly's\ " . lol " 
Oh my . It's summer . I guess it's time to reek some havoc . :D 
What am I doing ? Becoming an obsessed Bieber fan , and taking obscure pictures for facebook . IT's A SIGN !!!! ( The cameras love me . ) 
Got sunburned for the first time I can remember , hopefully this year will continue on giving me firsts :D 
Francaise , pourquoi were you canceled ? Way to ruin my plans . 
It's not everyday you get to wake up to find grown men screaming like little girls , but with the world cup going on I get the privilege of witnessing such a thing every morning . 
Booboo . Malk . 
Your english is good . 
Tokyo Police Club , my , what a good thing you are . 
I can't believe Doctor Who ended like it did , I mean how do you go from there ? ( Of course I have many ideas , but I don't know if I can wait to see if I'm right !! ) 
Not a day goes by when i don't think of you , diffusion . I love you . 
Having two Japanese exchange students has been amazing , confusing , but amazing . 
Romances get to me , even if there not well made ones . It's sad , but true . 
I know I shouldn't be talking about school , but I'm totally excited ! I'm also excited for the oly vs . skyline football game , strangely . 
OHIO ! And I don't mean the state , I mean it as the japanese pronunciation of good morning . 
Just watched the end of the Bachelorette and just about died ... got to love romance . Even if it's on reality tv . 
Ahh ... Sleep . 
School registration freaks me out . I'm way to anxious about it . 
Alright , time for the schedule status . \ 
1A Intermediate Algebra Honors\ 
2A Swimming 1\ 
3A Theatre 3\ 
4A French 3 Honors\ 
1B Health 2\ 
2B US History AP\ 
3B English Honors\ 
4B Chemistry Honors 
I feel like an idiot . My favorite < PROPFEMALE > song - Cosmic Love - has had a music video since May . I only find out yesterday . That's a genius for you . Btw I love the video ! 
Three hours of < PROPFEMALE > on the Wii , Package from Japan , Nylon Tv , < PROPFEMALE>'s coming with clothes from Germany , Did you have a better day than I did , I think not ! 
Why does the world revolve around money ? or at least why can't I have a job ? 
\I'm so heavy in your arms ... \"" 
\He's so white he's pink ! \ " Best line of yesterday . " 
Hate having to be chained down to a little brother . 
Guess who gets to be a dead child at Eagles After Dark ? That's right , I do !!! 
Eagles After Dark was awesome ! So excited for next year ! 
Sigh . I wish I was those naturally cool people who didn't have to work at it . Not that I try anyway . What I'm saying is that I should . Any suggestions on how to become cool for real ? 
I'm horrible . I like it when people feed my ego . I a greedy ego monster who eats like the cookie monster . I kind of like it though .... :P 
It's hard to believe that one day the people I go to highschool with be somebody more than just the people I went to highschool with . 
People with PhD's say that people generally respond well to directness ... I'm going to have to give that a try . 
Totally decided the New York Time is amazing . It's a good sign when you have to look up words when reading an article ! 
Guess who got a part in Dark of the < PROPFEMALE > . That's right I did . :D 
Liam broke his arm . It was bound to happen eventually . 
I'm ready for school to be over and summer to begin . 
Youtube ! Sundance ! It's begun ! 
Lately I've been feeling like the more I use facebook the more my soul dies . Does anyone else feel that way ? 
I need a 30 second comedic monologue and if possible a 2-8 minute long dramatic monologue . Any suggestions ? 
Valentines is such a girl holiday , I'm so glad I'm not a guy today . 
\We're all out of sexy hair ! \ " - Liam " 
Dance ! Dance ! In an eighties outfit ! What more could a girl like me want ?! 
Waiting for Superman !! Total must see ! 
