Just realized I've ever actually dated before , I've always had boyfriends . Dating sucks dude . 

Misses < PROPFIRST > . One day was not enough . 
Watching Bram Stoker's Dracula ! 
Irritated , Hurt , Frustrated , Let Down , Disappointed , Pissed Off , and Excited 
Hyper !!! 
is leaning and ricking with it 
< PROPFEMALE > , you cant spell 
researching schools . Ugh . Such a pain , but so excited ! 
Oh my . So I found like 16 schools that dont need physics , 10 of those dont need an Intro to Radiology class ( dont have access to anything like that here ) , and 9 of those 10 I dont need or have already fulfilled my volunteer hours , and 5 of those 9 I REALL 
To all of those that knew Damen , I know I don't have to tell you , pray for those he left behind . They lost the one that they cherished above even themselves , and they lost him long before his time . God Bless . 
Bored . Miss my Adult Swim and Futurama and CSI 
New discovery : doing the < PROPFEMALE > Keller is not as attractive as I thought it would be , in reference to the sex noises . LOL 
i was watching iron chef and got motivated , so i made dinosaur chicken nuggets 
OK . Guys , really just go to textsfromlastnight.com 
finally finished my book only to find that the ending made me cry and now I miss < PROPFIRST > buko big time . Damn it . 
Gotta sleep so that I can actually get up in the AM to work out ! 
Yes I am a geek- I saw the midnight premier of HP . It was really good , but the end was kind of disappointing- where the hell was the battle scene ?! 
I miss my baby !! 
I HATE MY COMPUTER !!! 
OH MY GOD !!! I'm learning to crochet ! I made a big long rat tail lookin chain . SO EXCITED !!! 
F*# ! Crochet ! 
Dang it , now I want Chinese food . LEASHA !!! I want fooooooood ! 
its early and nothin to do ... 
FML 
visited the man ! So nice . Perfect brake that I needed . He comes home in a couple weeks for 5 days and then home in October !!! As soon as I got home , jumped in the shower and went on a date with my < PROPFEMALE > - < PROPFEMALE > Garden , Build a bear ( little Marines of course ) , and ice cream :) Now we're watching 300 and she's sewing . 
k . chick flick time . Come on Notebook . depressing . 
totally punched < PROPFEMALE > in the face , now she has a fat lip ! 
Went to work , went grocery shopping , didn't buy any books ( so proud ! ) , ate , cleaned , made juice , now paying bills . I'm a big girl ! 
I miss my baby . 
Got a letter from Hamid . Poor EC Monitor . lol . 
After my Crack-head moment yesterday , I'm feelin low today . Ugh . So Tired . 
Applying to schools is stressful but Im so excited ! 
< PROPFEMALE > killed me this morning . The power went out at work at 4 , were told that it wouldn't be back on till 630 , so we closed up early . Not a bad day :) 
Friggin Hamid got me addicted to House . Bed Time for Bonzo 
Ugh . Mothers and Money are the two most difficult things in the world to manage . Is it gonna be like this the rest of my life ? 
Have you ever just wasted to Fing scream at EVERYONE ? Ever feel stressed and wonder what it is that's causing it ? Yeah . One word . Mother . 
Ok , so bathroom door is locked from the inside . We cant get in . Maintenance wont call back . If I cant wash my face , hair , teeth , or put on make up for work tomorrow , I'm calling in sick . 
< PROPFEMALE > has effectively gotten me addicted to Alias . Damn it . 
Guinness tastes like Coffee ... but cold and bubbly . 
I dont know why I watch The Office , but its strangely entertaining . 
All Medical and School bills and Parking Tickets paid ! Now I can start saving and paying off my credit card !!! 
So Ant left . Six more weeks and then he's home for good ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is on Ninja Turtle status- scare her when she's half asleep and what is her reaction ? To fall on her back and wave her arms around . 
I worked out today ! Yay me ! Now lets see if I can keep it up ! 
Our wild and crazy Friday night : Target ( bought hangars for 1.50 ) and Cultive ( free ice cream ) . Sweet . Now watching Push . 
damn , did I miss the rain ? WTF ? 
Work : Pong practice , cleaning , stupid people , and football . If I work superbowl again this year , I'm going Postal . 
Kanye's a < PROPMALE > . Sorry for the language , but there is no nice word for a person as rude as him . yahoo the video of the VMA's where Kanye steals < PROPFIRST > Swift's moment . Poor baby . 
Beyonce is HOTT ! OH . MY . GOD . And Pink has got a VOICE . Damn . So much Talent . Who the F*%# invited Kanye ? 
I have my volunteer orientation next thursday !!! Yay me !!! SO FLIPPIN EXCITED ! 
Yay . on to my BLS for healthcare providers class where I get to learn everything I already know and pay 70 bucks for a card that has a slightly different title than the one I have now . Whatev- one more step closer to applying for schools right ? 
Just what I needed today- Lots and Lots of sleep and bed rest . Sometimes you just need a rest . 
wish my brain had an off switch . Tried reading- still awake . Tried turning on that smooth old school < PROPFEMALE > Braxton . Still awake . Damn it . 
Immunization records : check Various household supplies : check Dining room table : check Clean house : ... ugh ... 
kitchen : check laundry : in progress . Heck yes . 
Last chore left : pick up livingroom so I can vacuum . SWEET !!! 
I've got three days off this week . What am I gonna do with myself ? Anyone need a babysitter ? 
Paying < PROPFIRST > to make me cry today , then off to Sutter in Sac to do my volunteering orientation ! Yay Fun !!! 
Whoo ! I'm gonna call the volunteer director everyday till my background check clears- then i get my nifty ID badge and start volunteering ! I also found my competition- she's volunteering at the same department with me and going for radiology ... I'm gonna GIT ' ER !!! KA-POW !! Right in the shins !! 
if you guys get the < PROPMALE > , check out Modrn Family on Hulu . Hella funny 
three days off and now back to work ... BUT I < PROPMALE > WANNA !!! 
I'm lonely and want my < PROPFEMALE > back right MEOW ! 
ok so who can either : hook me up with a part time job OR talk me up to < PROPFEMALE > so I can get a raise ? 
Chicken marinated in Guiness , veggies and fresh fruit for dinner . Books and movies from the library for entertainment . Woo ! 
anyone know where these are from ? \Homie don't play dat ! \ " \ " Mo Money Mo Money Mo Money\ " \ " that movie gets two snaps up\ " \ " Clutch the Pearls ! what a sneaky thing to do \"" 
OH MY GOD . THEY'RE MAKING \I HOPE THEY SERVE BEER IN HELL\ " INTO A MOVIE . " 
Poor CAL , Yenny , you gotta be pissed losing a bet to < PROPFIRST > . Yay 49ers ! 
Not normally a football fan , but San < PROPFIRST > definately has my attention 
This volunteering nonsense is bull . Everytime I get excited and think I can start , they tell me I need something else . WTF ?! 
WOO ! FINALLY start volunteering On tuesday . Two days a week , four hours a day . SO EXCITED ! 
Sewing my volunteer patch on my shirt for tomorrow . Not bad for not handling a needle in ... 8 years . 
Our parking structure is flooded . Only way to get from the apartment to the car with dry feet is to keep on the speed bumps . Oh and our Heater is broken so I'm wearing two pairs of socks and my robe over my sweatshirt . Redonculous 
volunteer day two tomorrow . Hope its busier . 
I feel like the crazy lady from Robots with the screws falling out of her head : \I'M LOOOSING MY MIIIIND ! \"" 
F @CK iTunes ! 
Ever had a day when you just wanted to go postal ? At least no one told me to smile today- they woulda been first on the hit list . 
F.M.L. Sometimes a true friend is one that tells you the truth , no matter what you wanna hear . 
OMG . Titans got slaughtered so bad FOX took the game off TV . Embarrassing 
Getting all these tasks done for all these different schools is rediculous . Should I narrow it down from ten , or just say to hell with it and apply to all of them ? 
oh my god . so bored . 
so for new brakes ( cuz everything's gotta go ): little less than a grand . So- say eff it and pay it , or say eff it and start lookin for a new car ? 
good day today- busy day at the hospital , got comfortable with the techs , dinner coffee and pedicure with my mommy , and now watching livin in color . OH ! and it was pay day ! 
makin the boys watch < PROPFEMALE > Bride , and < PROPMALE > is actually into it . Silly AF . 
shower time for stinky- night all !!! 
So , its over . Bad timing I know , but I've never been good at that . I'm a bitch and I'm evil I know . Got nothin to say cuz its done and over and im not gonna put myself through it anymore . it was great and he'll probably never understand and he'll probably always hate me , but I know what I know and I had to do this for me . For those that still love me , pray for me please to get over this all quickly . 
We're Men , MANLY men , We're men in tights , TIGHT tights ! 
Do I look like a cat to you , boy ? Am I jumpin ' around all nimbly bimbly from tree to tree ? Am I drinking milk from a saucer ? Do you see me eating mice ? You stop laughing right meow ! 
In the immortal words of my mother : \NEENER NEENER NEENER !!! \"" 
Had a pretty good girl's day out with mom and leash- shopping lunch and coffee . Now though- just a general malaise . Whatever , one day down , a million more to go eh ? 
Pick up any Breaking < PROPMALE > CD and it'll be a soundtrack to my life at any point in my life . Fucking . Love it . 
Figures , get an interview for a job at a hospital ( finally ) , and I cant do it . Its only a temporary position and I'd have to practically give up Gold's . I mean I wouldn't mind if they offerd me a full time job that would actually let me do something OTHER than clean . 
Ever sit there all quiet , but inside you're yelling b/c you dont know what else to do ? 
pre-req's done . Applications done . Medical info done . transcripts done . Volunteer hours and verification forms done . Recommendation forms- 2 down , 1 to go . Fucking . Sweet . 
if anyone knows of some parties this weekend that I can take Leash to ( under 21 ) let us know k ? Everyone have fun , be safe , be nice to the kiddies 
Oh being single is way too much damn fun sometimes . \They're all gonna come outta the woodwork baby \"" 
damn , single for barely a week and someone pretty frickin sweet drops into my lap . Damn it . 
Ya know what- I actually like bein on my own by my own damn self , no man needed or wanted but for two things 
i fucking hate money . 
I hate being sick . Evil Flu of some sort- migraine , cough , throwing up , sore . So happy Leasha's here to be my nurse . 
should be back up and running tomorrow- no longer moving like an 80 year old woman . 
Feelin better : money in the bank account , even after the bills are paid , and I'm ACTUALLY feeling better :) 
Thank God for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > - he makes me laugh . 
I cant wait to get back into my busy little schedule- I actually get depressed without it . 
I'm so ronery , so ronery that I could die 
oh my god . love thanksgiving . hate the tummy ache . Traditional food with Leash's family today . Crab , lobster , shrimp and crawdads with my family tomorrow :) 
In everyone's life , at some time , our inner fire goes out . It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being . We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit/Friendship is unnecessary , like philosophy , like < PROPMALE > ... It has no survival value ; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival . 
I'm happy where I'm at , with the decisions I've made , the people I know and love , and I wouldn't change a DAMN thing 
So I always thought that I WAS an angry person . But lately I'm starting to realize that I AM an angry person . And I think I'm starting to figure out why . It'll be a slow process , so I just wanna say sorry for any bithcy negative attitude for past present and future . Love you all . 
Flat Fing Tire this morning . Gotta slap on the spare tonight after work , run errands then pray to god that < PROPMALE > Schwab can simply repair it . Fing nails- plural- in my Fing tire . Jackasses . Bunch of small things are adding up and giving me an ulcer . Literally . 
< PROPFEMALE > ( 1946 ) with < PROPFEMALE > Hayworth , and The Phantom of the Opera . Heck . Yes . 
Does anyone else's iTunes suck and not work ? Ever since I downloaded version 9 , I cant get the iTunes store . Their loss I guess . 
Figures that when I put in my two weeks to stop volunteering , I find out the students are leaving , so I may actually have had something to do . Just don't have the money to keep drivin out there to get paid for nothin . It was fun most of the time though . Learned a lot . Loved the people . 
Damn Car won't start . again . so I'm stuck at the gym till my car cools down . Hope it just needs fluids . 
is it too much to ask for a guy that turns me on physically mentally and emotionally , shows me affection and gets along with my family and friends ? And for those things to be reciprocated ? 
Question : You have a dream job- the one you fantasize about- and then you have Reality job ; not as cool , but still could be happy doing it . You're not guaranteed either , but Reality job is more attainable , logical and safe . If you go for the dream job and don't get it , you get stuck doing who the hell knows what , and you're locked into it for years before you can try for it again . Dream job or Reality job ? 
Anyone know what the military's flight physical consists of ? 
nothin like seein the ex to get your brain down a bad path . Depressed angry lonely hurt . Did't just lose a boyfriend , lost a lover and most of a all my best friend . Its been a few months , but reopening a wound fuckin hurts . never regretted a thing , but sometimes wish it never happened . Sometimes . 
Need Out . So Done . 
Taking ASVAB on Tuesday for the Army . 
Trying to figure out how Im going to make international calls ... skype wont work on my phone , google voice is awesome so far , and vonage restricts me to home . 
Mr. Sandman , bring me a dream Make him the cutest that I've ever seen Give him the word that I'm not a rover Then tell him that his lonesome nights are over 
ASVAB today . Come on 110 GT ! 
ASVAB score : 88/99 Score needed to get Warrant Officer : 110 General Technical Score received : 121 General Technical !!! Next Steps : 1 . MEPS physical 2 . AFAST 3 . Flight Physical 
I'm losing my MIND ! 
Dressing up and going for beers ! I love being a girl ! 
i was not < PROPMALE > over , i had food poisoning . jeeze . 
Took the MEPS physical today . They found my damn flat feet . Yay more paperwork . Take the AFAST next week :) anyone know anything that I should study specifically ? 
Why do people play games ? You ask what I'm doin tonight , I tell ya , and you say \nice\ " . Why don't people ask for what they want ? Is it a game or a lack of testicles ? " 
AFAST pushed off till I find out if my feet are approved for the military . Whatev , more time to study . 
day two of two-a-day workouts and I'm already tired . Need to rethink my strategy with school coming up , cant be a live-in gym rat 
Class Day One : Pharmacology needs an access code . 60 bucks . For a CODE . And they MAIL it to me . In SEVEN TO TEN days . FML 
\They're so beautiful . Using them for evil is like beating a unicorn to death with rainbows \"" 
thank God for those people that come in unexpectedly and remind you that its really not THAT bad . Sorry < PROPMALE > :( 
... SO ... MUCH ... STUDYING !!! 
spend all day working at the gym , come home to do HW dishes and cook , and then go BACK to the gym to print notes and work out . Gah . 
cant .... focus .... on pharmacology ... so ... much ... info ! 
Car stalled in the middle of the street- so no class for me tonight . No money , car's dying , 3 year wait list for school . My mantra ? 6 more months 6 more months 6 more months 
OMG pharmacology is ridiculous . 16 chapters and 6 quizzes by the 16th ? AND an exam ? WTH man ? 
My Knee . Friggin hurts . ohmygod . 
CELEBRITY LOOK ALIKE Change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like . If you have more than one , change it everyday ! Re-post this on your status , and see our celebrity look alikes ! urbandictionary.com status update for the day : type in your first name , copy and paste this as your Facebook status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
knee's propped up again . Gettin worse every day for the past week . no work in \the pit\ " tomorrow- rest the knee . Try to have the Doc check it out and make sure its not worse than I'm hoping . " 
Sweet . So I have \runner's knee\ " and need to work out through it till the ligaments and tendons get stronger . Ouch . " 
The best part about the game ? The FOOD ! < PROPMALE>'s pulled pork and ribs with Kinder's BBQ sauce , Samoan Ribs , and tri tip , and my mom's new creation : \O\ " Truffles . Delish " 
14 chapters , 6 quizzes , 1 exam , 1 2pg paper , 1.5 hr session at the gym , and 1 3hr class in less than 24 hours ... what the FRICK was I thinking ? 
Wah wah , wah wah wah wah ! Leash , you know what I'm talkin bout ! GAH ! 
Little Black Dress night at The Park tonight . Leash got us VIP tickets . Sceptical , but I can't resist a < PROPMALE > to dress up and have a little fun . 
Babysitting money paid for hair cut :) cut a good 6-8 inches off . And drinks at The Park ? Never again- HELLA EXPENSIVE 11 more chapters . 2 more quizzes and actually 2 more exams to go ! 
Sometimes , I'd really like to punch some sense into my recruiters . FML . 
Grad was fun with my < PROPFEMALE > and my Leash . Actually danced ! Yay me ! 
Ok , haven't worked out in a week and I'm having another < PROPFIRST > Bartlett moment ... Nuts 
A-HAHAHA ! I . FUCKING . WIN ! 
Ya . not going to the gym . so . Fing . tired . ridicuous i say ! 
Friggin recruiter's a stress ball man 
Kicked my Microbiology test's ASS , went toTreasure Island for a rugby game , walked down the Wharf and fed the crazy ass seagulls , goin to the Grad with the girls , and < PROPFIRST>'s See Ya party tonight . So glad I took the day off work ! 
Blame Canada ! Blame Canada ! How is it the ONE game we lose , is the one that matters ? Damn it . GO USA ! 
Work Study Work Study ... When do I get to work out man ? Gah . 
Don't wanna do homework :( 
Its finally < PROPFEMALE > outside , my bills are manageable , my time is manageable , I'm doing well in my classes , and I don't have a \calm before the storm\ " feeling yet . Yay . Me . " 
So my feet passed the Army's regulations . But the process of becoming a Warrant Officer will take more than a year . F that Noise ! I go in next week to look at available MOS's to enlist . Fingers crossed for Blackhawk crew chief and air assault ! 
So , as long as I get Wednesday off work , I sign my life away to the US Army . 
My Week : nap shower work study , study work , meps , study class , work study class study , class San < PROPFIRST > , study ... there's something wrong with this picture ... 
thanks all for the birthday wishes ! i love you all ! 
So its official . I leave in June . 
Smiled all damn day at work , had good conversations , came home and cooked and did a pretty damn good job at it too ! First time making fried chicken- not bad 
APPRECIATION- i want some 
The job may not be the best always , but the Boys make my day 
Both trips to the gym and human development paper are accomplished . Now I just gotta make it through class . Yay me ! 
Army doesnt know how to friggin march ! or teach people how to march ! Just let me do it ! I did it for four damn years ! GAH ! 
Not so much a breath of fresh air as a masochistic sucker punch to the solar plexus 
In the mood for a Mind F *** , gotta love The Departed 
You can tell when I've been cooking- the whole apartment smells like garlic . Mmmm ... delicious . 
If all else perished and HE remained , I should still continue to be ; and if all else remained , and he were annihilated , the Universe would turn to a mighty stranger . My love for Linton is like the foliage in the woods . Time will change it I'm well aware . My love for Heathcliff resembles the eternal rocks beneath- a source of little visible delight but necessary . I AM Heathcliff , not as a pleasure , but as my own being . 
4 whiskey sours and a blue < PROPFEMALE > - lovin life right now :) 
Lost my ID , didn't go to TRX or go swimming , but had a blast ! 
Tax Time . 
Damn Taxes ! 
I'm learning to love cooking :) 
I feel like my favorite love song was written about a sandwich . 
We really need new movies ... 
Such a Gleek . LOVE IT ! 
Two months to go and i still cant pump out a legit push up or even run two < PROPMALE > . WTF guys , I'm getting nervous ! 
Sprints and TRX kicked my ass today , and my Sgt calls up to tell me to come prepared for my Physical Fitness Assesment . Ha ! Ya . Right . 
I don't mean to Toot my own horn , but ... TOOT TOOT ! 
House- Clean . Fridge- Stocked . Homework- Ya right . 
Why am I taking pre-nursing classes if I'm just gonna be a grease monkey in the military ? 
the first episode of House . Its so weird !! 
Love is a beautiful thing- but have you ever appreciated the difficulty of it ? In order to work , two people that meet at the right place , at the right time , need to love to the same degree with mutual willingness , devotion , and stubbornness , and then LAST through the changes , sickness , kids , wants , needs , demands . Couples that have been married for 50 years and can still say they love each other , are truly blessed . 
I have a feeling the US Army is gonna kick my ass , and I'm gonna like it ... 
So , guess I cant balance work , school , training , and a social life . Ugh . 2 more weeks of school , 4 more of work , and 6 more of social . 
Researching effects of divorce on a child . Man . I made it out easy . 
A day full of lovely surprises . 
RAH !!!! losing my F*%&ING mind 
Still losing my F*%&ing mind . 
Time to refocus my energy into something a little more worthy yes ? like maybe school , or training ? Yes I think so . To help me flip the switch- does anyone have any new music ? something not on the radio preferably , unheard . 
friggin . recruiter . ugh . 
Sometimes all you can do is shake your head and laugh as you walk the hell away . 
\you cant control your emotions . \ " \ 
date night with the leasha ! 
Best road rage comment : \Im gonna punch you in the face ad brake your mirror ! \"" 
A good mask is complex and time consuming , but looks so simple to the onlooker that it appears real . A good mask changes with its surroundings , letting people see what they want to see ; its enticing . The wearer gets so attached , they forget its a facade , until someone comes up and rips it off to bear the raw , exposed self underneath . 
Ruined my week , and I'm so over it . See how shit pans out today , yes ? 
All financial cancellations , suspensions , and automatic deductions are set in preparation for the move and boot ! Its gettin real guys ! Leasha's gonna cry as soon as she reads this ... 
Go to your profile < PROPFEMALE > and scroll ALL the \ 
waydown to the bottom . On the bottom left corner in little blue \ 
letters , click \English\ " When the language selection appears 
If anyone has boxes I can use , let me know . Now that finals are done , I need to start packing . 
Just bought : Moylan's < PROPFEMALE > Red , Rabbit's Foot biere de miele ( beer/mead ) , Chimay peres trappistes ( belgian white ale ) , and Ayinger altbairisch dunkel ( < PROPMALE > dark)- who wants to help me drink them ? 
Boondock Saints II- Please God sed me an Irishman 
boondock saints II sucked . turned it off early . watching daybreakers instead . Love it :) 
Everytime you're mentioned , I get a blood rush to the head , heart beating out of my chest , my entire body flushes , I lose the ability to speak , and I can't move- and everytime all I can think about is how to bust your face or break your heart . 
Things pile up and I don't know how to get my feet under me sometimes , but someone always comes along and reminds me that I am EXTREMELY lucky , loved , and not alone . I have got NOTHING but good things because the bad things have discharged themselves from my life . To everyone that's been supporting me and pushing me , thank you . I need it . 
People say that God only gives you what you can handle , but they forget to mention that , if God has faith in you , you must have faith in yourself in order to make it through 
What I'm finding lately , is people giving up on their dreams . They set them aside for someone else . Never put your dreams aside and then blame someone else . The biggest impression you can make on a person , is following through with your passion . 
A few things I've discovered today : \ 
1 . My family and I are meant for each other because we all think the same things (\that person is one chromosome away from a congenital defect \") \ 
after a long time of struggling with it , im finally proud to say to everyone . im gay !!! I am really , really gay . like so gay , I open a can of tuna and leave it out cuz I think its a great air freshener . mmm ...... i do love me some fish . 
I am NOT gay , Hamid you big dousche 
This weekend has consisted of packing , lifting , beer , taco < PROPFEMALE > , spackling with a wooden spoon , cleaning , sneezing , sweating , and two-stepping . Gotta love moving . 
Lots of Prep goin on today . Yard raked , lawn mowed , roses pruned , food bought and prepared , alcohol stored away , tables set up . About 80 people comin in and out of here tomorrow . Hope you all get food ... 
Gonna be a long ass day 
5 days people . If you wanna see me before I go , text or call me ! If not , I'll be back on FB in like 10 weeks . 
Dad's cooking was saturday , mom's cooking tonight- YUM ! Shepard's Pie and Black < PROPFEMALE > Cobbler , homemade from scratch . 
Went to Sonoma with the parents- went wine tasting at Ravenswood and Highway 12 , had Franzikaner Hefe Weiss at a new < PROPMALE > restaurant , and then had legit Portugese food . Nothin like gettin an afternoon buzz with your parents ! 
FYI : I'll have myphone on until the 14th of June , no more facebook after tomorrow , and if you want to write me you can either 1 . mail me on facebook and Leash will print it and send it ( give your address so that I can send directly back to you ) OR 2 . get my address from Leash , mom , or < PROPMALE > ( they should have it after I send them my first letter ) . I should be done with BCT by August 20th 
If I was ever married , it was to my M16 for 2 months . I will now be dating my UH-60 . 
First exam tomorrow ; Blue book ( AIT regulations ) test , PT test , Class A inspection , Room/locker inspection all next week so that we can \phase up\ " - wear civies and go off post on the weekends ! " 
oh , and putting in my wish list for where I wanna get stationed Saturday hopefully after ANOTHER finance briefing . Hoping for : Hawaii , Germany , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , or New York 
So I put in my requests : Ft Polk , LA ; Ft . Bragg , NC ; Ft Benning , GA ; Hawaii , Germany , or Korea . A lot of people have been getting sent to O-Conus , so we'll see ! 
4days of rain . Pt kickin my ass . All wet and sore for all the wrong reasons . Tgif though ! 
4 day weekend starting tomorrow- i plan on coming back very dehydrated after making sacrifices to the porclein god . 
Civilian R&R has been replaced with army private's I&I- intercourse and intoxication 
Weapons draw and black stat in about ... Four hrs . Almost done ! 
Good : aced tail rotor . Bad : black stat is apparently less than phase four 
KOREA BITCHES ! 
Thank God for good friends . No matter what you do , they can look at you , call you a dumbass , and laugh at you . 
Cant wait till next weekend ! Bittersweet . 
Ive figured out why my friends are usually considered assholes ; its because they tell the truth no matter how sucky or blunt it is . I can always rely on them for the truth . 
Ten . And a wake up . 
Seven . And a wake up . 
One more damn week . Get me the hell outta here ! 
Poprocks are a go 
Foidl's favorite number ? 
the constant below freezing temperatures here make me wonder- if you threw a frozen eye ball , would it shatter or would the viscous fluids inside . just crackle ? 
TWO ! AND A WAKE UP ! 
SFO . Almost home 
Made it home . Its kinda awkward . 
Thank God I made the choice to go active ; I miss my BBFLs . :( 
I never thought I could look at a menu and think \wtf is this ? \ " but Napa has proved me wrong . " 
I miss bein in a place where EVERYBODY SPEAKS ENGLISH 
Dad- stop the madness , kill yourself . \ 
Mom- put us all out of ur misery . \ 
I love my family . 
Tired by 1430 , and have to force food down my throat bc I have no appetite . Wth ? 
Well , its ALMOST a white Christmas ... Its grey . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
San < PROPFIRST > with the family :) 
Few more days ... Bittersweet . 
Hehehehe ... Goin to the range tomorrow . Shooting m4 , m16 , and moms pistol 
Pedicured toes , combat boots , an M4 , and her daddy makes for a happy girl 
Made it 
If I can get through today without looking like a fool , ill be happy . 
Korea ... Is nice . Im excited . Think im gonna like it here as long as no one shoots it up . 
Can I just be at my unit already ? 
15T , we can do it all ! And we will ... Poor < PROPFEMALE > . Finally at our unit . No idea whats next ... 
Cant sleep- my brains are clogging up my face and running down the back of my throat . Can you drown in mucous ...? 
Get to start helpin out on the floor tm or monday !!! Sooooo many tangos here , ill either be fightin to work or there'll be too much depending on the number of shammers 
F*@$ AKO . 
D&D has found its way to the Camp Humphreys CAC . I thought I left it back at Vanden ... Gah . 
Death by IA Powerpoint . GAAAAAHHH ! 
So as of Monday : I am < PROPFIRST > Company ! ( Flight Company for a Medevac unit in Korea ) . 
\I don't feel much like a Tiger . Maybe I'm just a ferocious ass Koala Bear ... \"" 
Have internet , have skype , have time to call my parents , and cant hear them b/c my roommate feels the need to YELL into her computer . Im going to LOSE my mind . 
I smell like gasoline , CPC , and alcohol . Damn Hell Hole . 
Shitty day . I'm ready for the freaking weekend . 
AKO is such a pain . 
So ... Amazon wont let me download music b/c I'm not in the US ... GAY 
Workin the weekend , not cuz my fat mouth , but b/c it was requested ... good or bad ...? Celebrate with drinks NEXT weekend when I CAN drink :p 
Earthquake in Japan = Tsunami in Hawaii + Fucked up internet in Korea . Be Safe Hawaii Friends ! 
its funny waking up and having an inkling suspicion that the Day feels like throwing little annoyances at you . ALL FING DAY . 
I know Ive said it before , and Ill say it again ; I HATE AKO 
My email got hacked , and now possibly my facebook with this dumb \how sexy is your name\ " quiz . WTH ? Where did this come from ? Can I blame Korean internet ? " 
First flight today with a couple of my favorite Tangos . Think I'm gonna need to < PROPFEMALE > a baggy with me at all times ... 
I just realized ... I FUCKING HATE BEING HERE 
Good movies to download- anybody ? 
If I have a tattoo , I'm a trouble maker . IF I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry some times , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now days without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I care ... Re-post this if you're proud of who you are , I am who I am 
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOODE ..... 
