YAY !!! GRADUATING IN 11.5 HOURS !!! 

sick baby = sleepy mommy 
so happy to finally have my computer !!!! 
My body is not perfect but I nurtured a beautiful baby and I'm proud ! Too bad if we don't look perfect -- but every < PROPFIRST > , every line , and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them . Having a baby is no easy task , we are strong , we are brave and we should be proud of ourselves . Put this as your status if you are a proud Mom 
< PROPMALE > and I met 4 years ago today !!! 
MOVING TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i wish my stuff would unpack itself ... 
Its daughter week !!! If you have one daughter or more who makes your life interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without my beautiful daughter :) ! 
ugh ... back to work in 8.5 hours ... is it thursday yet ?? 
oh ... friday comes early for me this week ... one more day of work then a lovely 4 days off with my husband and beautiful children ... i can't wait !! 
it is SOOOO hot in my apartment ... if i wasn't so cheap i would turn th a/c on ... 
my little boy is getting so big ... why can't they stay babies forever ?? 
off to bed , gotta go back to work tomorrow ... at least i had a nice 4 day weekend , although i wish i had one every week 
i had too many days off and now i am dreading the rest of the work week ... no more 4 day weekends for me ... maybe a 3 day weekend tho ... 
sooooo tired ... 
i hate being sick ... can't find anything that will bring my fever down ... anyone know of anything ... tylenol hasn't worked at all ... 
excited to finally have a day off so i can spend the day playing with my baby !!! 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for hairy legs , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! I LOVE MY children !! With Mother's day drawing near lets see how many Mom's Repost this . Mom's don't care what we have to give u ...... p for our kids ! ~ I would give up everything for my children ...... and I have :~) 
only monday ... really ?? i wish tomorrow was friday ... 
It's \SON WEEK\ " ? If you have a son \ 
getting ready to grill some pork chops ( and a steak for me ... i don't like pork) !!!! 
finally got answers today ... 
Does life ever get better ?? I've been waiting very patiently for things to go my way ... I'm done !!! 
Finally ... things are starting to look up foe us !!! 
i love being a genius !! lol !! 
if anyone has the 4th twilight book and they wouldn't mind me borrowing it this weekend , please let me know !! thank you !! 
First day at the new job in 10 hours !!!!!!!!! 
it's so nice to have internet for a few minutes ... 
If anyone knows where to find Chuggington party decorations , please let me know . Thank you ! 
Thank you all !! 
just wishin haters would stop hatin !!! if it doesn't involve you , stay out of it !!! you know who you are ... thought this crap was over 5 years ago ... obviously not !! get a life of your own !! we can all see you got problems too ... so why don't you rag on yourself for a while !!! PEACE !!!! 
YAY !!!!!!!!!! INTERNET FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 4 MONTHS !!!!!!!! 
My spouse has made me laugh ! Wiped my tears ! Hugged me tight ! Celebrated my successes ! Supported me through my failures ! Cheered me on ! Kept me going strong ! Prayed with and for me . Challenged me ! Played with me and worked by my side ! Put this as your status if you love your spouse . I ...... love mine ! :) 
not so much liking the ice rink out side ... there go all my plans for the day ... looks like a day inside watching netflix movies with the kiddos ... 
YAY !!!!! TECHNICAL INTERVIEW ON WEDNESDAY !!!!! 
hoping my little guy gets better soon ... i hate it when he is sick ... although i do enjoy all the cuddle time !!! 
I GOT THE JOB !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so this Thanksgiving , I have so much to be thankful for . I am thankful for my wonderful husband , my amazing children , we are all happy and reasonably healthy , < PROPMALE > got a job , and I got a job . I think this is the BEST Thanksgiving I have ever had !! 
gotta love when you go for a midnight sale and you get your stuff , buy it , and are out of the parking lot by 12:05 !! first one in line baby !!!!! LOVE BLACK FRIDAY !!! 
sorting through the many boxes of christmas decor , figuring out where i am gonna put it all !! 
If\ 
you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world , who isn't\ 
perfect , but perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for \ 
you , who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , \ 
who you are thankful for every day , who holds you tight at night and ... \ 
makes your world just right ... then post this as your status 
ATTENTION : thegroup\ 
asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character \ 
is actually a group of pedophiles . There doing it because kids will \ 
accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoonpicture . It has \ 
nothing to do with any Child charities . IT'S ...... ON ... TONIGHTS NEWS . \ 
... Copy & Paste thi ... s on to your status - Leteveryone know 
I remember the day you passed away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , bright eyes laid to rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there’s someone in Heaven that you ... miss every day & wish that they could be here for Christmas 
just found the best surprise christmas present EVER for my kids !!! 
FINALLY HAVE A PHONE AGAIN !!! 
I WANT SOME PAJAMA JEANS !!!! www.pajamajeans.com 
somebody just discovered the joys of bubble wrap !! 
I GOT THE GREATEST BELATED CHRISTMAS PRESENT LAST NIGHT ... A CHEVROLET LAWN SCULPTURE !! ( stupid car breaking down every other day !! I HATE MY CAR !!! ) 
Do I work ? Yes ! I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I'm a MOMMY . I am the bank , I am a cook , a cleaner , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , a security officer and a comforter . I don't get holidays sick pay , or a day OFF . I work through the day and the night . I am on call at all hours ....... Now tell me my job isn't a real one !! Re-post if you are blessed enough to be a ? MOMMY ? 
Cousins are the first friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately .... Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world !!! 
I'm not VERY superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So : copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days ... based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy will be without money . I can't let that person be ME or YOU ! What the heck ......... it can't hurt 
My baby is 2 today ... he is growing up so fast ! 
If you have a Sister who has made you laugh .. Pulled your hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy ... Got mad at you ... Made up ... Hugged you ... Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Made you strong ... and you can't do without ... Copy and paste this to your status 
This should be interesting !!!! . Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 24 hours .. 
YAY !!! FINALLY HAVE A CELL AGAIN !!! 
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I JUST WANT TO USE MY NEW WASHER !!!!!!!! 
I hate when I buy a book with the intention of reading it for a couple of days and I finish it the first day ... 
aaaaaahhhhhhhhh ... 3 day weekend ... time to spend some quality girl time with < PROPFEMALE > !! 
