is thankful the holiday season is over but hope all enjoyed it . Now , if only the Corps can just retire my ass already I may actually spare the lives of my new units roommates ... tis the season afterall ... 

on a serious note , good luck 3/6 in Afghanistan . Wish I could be there . Don't everyone die at once now . 
says \I sure hope the yankees ' team jet crashes into Kobe's rape castle and solves two of my current onsets for sports infuriation . \"" 
was in the Mojave desert in Cali for the past month . My last few months in the corps feels like a nasty divorce process 
So after I got married , someone posted my exclusive < PROPMALE > micheals picture I've been hoping would never be released to the press . Thanks < PROPFIRST > , bitch 
loves watching that savings account blow up like a Baghdad market . Cha-ching !! 
hates North < PROPFEMALE > sponsered advertisements . Fuck Bojanges , fuck Fruitables and that box faced cunt announcer and fuck those repuslive Vagisil medicated wipe commercials . I mean really ? Wipes ? Clean on the go ? How much of a dirty whore are you that you have to wipe your stench ridden hole with a wet nap knock off in your local mall ? I also hate whores and people of loose morals 
Seen that commercial for QVC with that the little high pitched voice kid ? Everytime he speaks my ears spew blood and i wish to leap through the TV and back in time to when he was making said commercial in order to have what will be a no doubt violent murder caught on film to be played over and over again on a national scene where his high pitched scream will be a sign for all would be child actors not to cross me . 
The only good thing about the first week of November ? The fact that all photos from Halloween start showing up on every website . Remember that time you were a complete slut ? No ? Well fear not slampig because now everyone has that moment captured on camera for the whole world , and possibly your employers , to enjoy . By the way , alcohol is still no excuse for being a promiscuous whore . And we all know how I hate whores . 
Veteran's Day . When national television embraces all branches of service except the Marines . They show men and women whom of which haven't even fired their weapon at someone trying to kill them let alone blown up . They praise political correctness and run from the violence necessary to be allowed to celebrate holidays . We are free not because we died for our country , but because we made the other fucks die for theirs 
has too much to anger in of which to rant about to display in a status box 
has ignored all of his friends from back home for way to long . Sorry ladies and gentlemen but I figured this would be the best way for you all to know that at least I realize I'm being a reclusive prick . Cheers 
is back in Mass until the 28th . Happy holidays fuckers . 
I hate this worthless wallet raping season . It seems like the turkey's not even cold by the time Xmas carols molest the radio and decorations fly up like feathers in a cock fight . People are so mind fucked by this holiday that they feel if they talked to you in line at the gas station you should get a gift . AND WHY BUY FOR YOUR PETS !!!! I swear I'll put a bullet through my head just to beat my impending heart attack 
Good thing the Patriots lost . I was really worried that my high blood pressure would subside today . FUCK ! 
Why is it that whenever a foreign country gets decimated by a natural disaster that this great nation feels it necessary to pour countless amounts of money into helping them recover ? No one gives a damn about the homeless , starving or crippled here anymore ? We're still in a recession but yet we piss away money into a 3rd world country that doesnt deserve to live as is . I refuse to help others until we help ourselves . 
Whiskey , my anti - end up killing all of you in a horrible fit of rage . At least I'm not constantly surrounded by incompetent douchebags with ZERO common sense ..... PSYCHE ! 
hates you 
You know what ? Despite the contrary I tend to be a nice guy . I try , especially the past few months , to do the right thing at all times . But it alwys ends up fucking me over someway somehow . I'm really thinking about just saying fuck it and sell drugs , punch nuns , trip old people , spike babies , knock over homeless peoples shopping carts and leave the toilet seat up 
Thanks Chile for stealing Haiti's thunder . Quick everyone drop what you're doing and donate all your money to Chile . Dear US government , please don't do what I think you're going to do with this bullshit . Love always , Common Sense 
is always politically correct . I kiss babies and shake homeless people's hands . I support the popular view of people without common sense or a head otherwise located from their ass . I don't stir the shit pot with what I say and I am certainly not sarcastic , nope , not in the least .......... Let's see how many people don't get the aforementioned 
The senate first declined to adjust social security for the cost of living this year , now they declined to make up for it by giving the same elderly a $250 check so they can not die miserably . I hate old people but my point is this : We can always find money to repair and rebuild every other country except ours here . Am I alone in common sense ? 
is another year older , another year wiser and another year closer to retirement . 
says , \A birthday bottle of < PROPFIRST > and a fairly functioning liver = good night indeed . Thank you to all you wonderful people \"" 
begins the roadtrip to < PROPFEMALE > at high noon today . Call this fucker so he doesn't get bored and make a pit stop by the local maternity wards with a molotov cocktail and an anger issue . Think of the children ..... 
Disclaimer : I'm not just up here for play and may not get to see all of you . If that's the case I'll see you next month as I will be making at least one trip per month up north until the summer when I'm home for good . I miss you 
so the Dropkick Murphy's concert was fucking awesome . Everyone had a great time minus the guy who called my wife a cunt ... let's just say he wasn't attending the after parties ... 
So I wonder how many people either flat out didn't or just forgot to take tomorrow off ? Enjoy the binge drinking < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hospital all day while the mother-in-law has her kidney removed . Now , if only I was hungover ..... 
Doc canceled the surgery after a serious miscommunication issue . If Obama passes/forces this health care reform many people , including my mother-in-law , will not be afforded second chances at such a high risk surgery due to cost even despite the borderline malpractice by the physician . 
as I said before to a NYC bartender who shut me off at 3am a couple years ago , I will skin your family and nail gun their flesh to your bedroom cieling . Comprende , fuckface ? 
Are you a veteran who collects disability from the government for all the hard work you did for your country ? Well starting in 2018 all that money we collect , which is currently tax exempt , will be taxed 3.8 percent to help pay for Obama's health care reform just because it's \unearned income\ " . Enjoy it while it lasts because thats just the tip of the penis shaped iceberg that's about to fuck this nation over . " 
In a fast food update : In a surprise test , Taco < PROPFEMALE > tostados are rehashed fresco tacos to my tastebuds ' dismay . However , KFC's original chicken Double Down sandwich AKA God's greatest gift to humanity since the cancelling of Ally McBeal , is the single most amazing thing I have ever put into my soul . Thank you Colonel Sanders , you magnificent bastard you . 
Red Sox baseball : my source of spiked blood pressure for the past 3 hours ... 
If my luck were an actual person it would be the equivalent of a crippled 11 yr old tranny with down syndrom being shot repeatedly in the windpipe by a sand blaster while laying on a bed of nails . But at least the weather's nice ! 
R.I.P. Bishop - 4/20/07 - K.I.A. Semper Fi brother 
urge to kill , rising .... 
Thousands of people a day pour into hospitals looking for their free healthcare under the recently passed reform . I laugh because that doesn't take affect until 2014 and the media/White House did a HORRIBLE job in informing the people . We pay for it now but don't get it until 2014 . Also , if you don't have insurance by 2016 you will pay a fine of $1000 . The majority of whom that applies to are the middle class . 
You know the Red Sox are off to a slow start when every NL West team has a better record .... and the < PROPMALE > West and NL East for that matter .... let's put it this way only 3 teams suck more at this stage . But hey it's early and I have whiskey 
My card was used online to buy $120 of shit from a fake company . Cancelled amd got a new one but I must say : if I ever were to run across someone stealing such online , I would rip into their torso like a Grizzly Bear removing vital organs with my teeth and clawing into their very soul . And when the bloody , gurgling screams stop , I will pick my teeth with their bones and smear the rest on their parents doorstep . 
So apparently I am not the most politically correct person in the world ( pause so you all can catch your breath after that shocker ) but damn do I know how to get my money back . My bank was content with making me eat those charges to . So fuck them and fuck you La Canada , California . May you and your thieving , malific businesses go up in flames with the rest of the state during the next wildfire 
Gym . Because metabolism won't last like this forever . 
is loving his bank accounts more and more with every passing pay day 
Long weekend , time to get away from the prison cell that is my barracks . I'm disappearing til Tuesday . 
hates whores 
I don't just hate whores , I also hate stupid quotes about airplanes being shooting stars so every bitch who hears a love song can stop dreaming about some romantic scenario that's never going to happen due to them being an alcoholic , puppy love for \reality\ " tv characters who can't pull their overly imaginitive heads from their \ " hanging on to college until the last second because I'm scared of the real world\ " asses . " 
5 kids were sent home from school on Cinco de Mayo and face discplinary actions for wearing clothing with the American flag on it . ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME !? May 5th is just a sorry excuse to drink Coronas and eat burritos but because some border ninjas from that worthless , sorry excuse for a 3rd world country complained we have to condemn free speech and patriotism ? Opinions please 
So I didn't completely snap after the losing trifecta of the Celtics , Bruins and Sox last night .... but if the Red Sox lose this afternoon my liver will not be pleased .... and neither will the surrounding marines 
Dear Boston Red Sox , due to your abusive and negligent relationship you have with your fans ( me ) , I must make it known that my liver , amongst many others livers , will be filing for divorce if you keep heading in the direction you are going . Maybe your 170 million dollar payroll will help pay for all our ulcers to be dealt with or maybe something to compensate me when I STROKE THE FUCK OUT WATCHING YOU 
She carried you for 9 months , gave birth to you ( yay labor ) and dealt with your bullshit with a smile until you left the house , least you can do is tell her you love her one day a year . Happy Mother's Day mothers 
does not own a digital camera and needs a new profile picture 
My workout and diet regime has gone splendid for a couple months . Now to set myself back a good week with some deliciously nasty , grease covered , artery clogging , stroke inducing food , have some beers and watch the Celtics dethrone the < PROPMALE > . Or at least I'll be full and buzzing when they lose and I stomp someones trachea into my rug .... 
Lebron was firmly bent over the Celtics ' knee and promptly violated in such horrific ways that Hannibal Lector raised a brow . Now , excuse me while I plan my heart valves ' funeral for Bruins Game 6 . Yay forethought !! 
is pissed to the point words can't accurately express . Come here whiskey , take this edge off for me . Go Bruins 
fan - friggin - tastic 
Whiskey , Celtics , < PROPMALE > heavy and few of my brothers still in the Corps . I miss you fags from weapons company ..... sometimes 
At least I'm not hungover . People at the gym are going to love the smell of my alcohol laden sweat 
If you joined the Marines to be anything but a grunt ( infantry ) then you are a disgrace to your family . If you don't know what a POG is then you are one . Weak ass , oxygen thieving , false war story telling to your friends because they don't know better , pampered cunts who can't tell the difference between fire and manuever from fire and movement . I hate you all with unbridled rage , you pathetic excuses for Marines . 
Celebrating Ferber and Fryers last night the only way marines know how . Irresponsible drinking , relentless verbal assaults and physical violence . 
As i piece last night together I begin to realize that at least 14 fat chicks have lower self esteem , this army/air force butt fucking couple have a whole new view on life and not in a good way , Jacksonville's local bands suck harder than all the aforementioned and my phone can take on a concrete wall and be just fine , my friend , however , not so much . 
Come here Monday and let me throttle your throat . 
Gym and Yanks/Sox .... Hoping to make myself too tired to kick puppies if the Sox lose . No promises . 
So in relation to my previous post , I will be taking the day off tomorrow to go to my local pound with steel toed boots and cleats . Thank you Red Sox for putting my marriage in temporary jeopardy after that walk off home run when the wife , while watching via Skype , thought I was finally going to make good on my mass murder rant I made during the 3rd inning . My chair was not hurt , but my pride certainly took a blow . 
I want to kill everyone around me in the most horrible way I can think of using only pineapple skin , a screwdriver and an empty bottle of water . Ignorance needs to stomped out like a diseased stray . 
Well , never a dull moment in a victory on the court or on the field . Two hard fought victories for Celts and Sox to avoid the veins in my neck popping like stepping on bubble wrap thus creating quite the mess . 
Ok , so , now that everyone's graduating college does that mean you are finally going to ditch those rubber bracelets ? It's nice and all that you show support on your wrist and all without doing anything to actually support that cause , and I'm sure it made you look cool through the 8 years you've been wearing them . But in the real world ? They're fucking gay . Buy a watch if you feel naked without it , there , < PROPMALE > . 
Sometimes the judicial system actually works . Going to celebrate one of my friends ' non guilty verdict ...... Which may in of itself lead to more court appearances ..... 
Can't sleep after the whole drunk to hungover transition happened during my 2 hour rant on fat chicks , politics , my invincibility , discontent for gays in the military , soulless hookers , Red Sox and the pussification of < PROPFEMALE>'s youth . Time to start my day with that fresh aroma of endless night hanging all over me . 
The only thing I hate more than my migraines ? You . 
Amazing how just one bitch screws up and the whole unit gets to suffer for him . I love coming in on Saturday and Sunday mornings when I should just be passing out . This is a microcosm as to why infantry Marines are being viewed as raging alcoholics . Well , you can only chain and beat a dog so often for so long before it comes back to bite you in the ass . 
Watching the Celtics without whiskey is like Rhianna in a black eyeless relationship . 
One night , while you are driving home from being a whore , I hope a drunk driver soars through a red light and plows into the passenger side of your car . That way your head can smash of the driver's side window as the vehicle spins into a large blunt object/house/car/gas station . Whatever happens after that happens but may the end result be a screaming , agonizing death . I ( still ) hate whores . 
My fucking rage is rediculous tonight . Like , kill a birthday clown in the middle of the party and stick my < PROPMALE > in the cake rage . Thank god I have therapy tomorrow . 
Sox and Celts . Fuck you Florida 
What a disappointing performance by the out worked Celtics . Magic strategy ? 4 men on the perimeter , < PROPMALE > in the post . Way to defend the 3 you over confident fucks . No energy compared to the 1st 3 games . At least the Sox won .... for a change 
< insert angry remark here > 
Thank you Phoenix Sun's for buying the Celtics more rest . 
Wish it would just rain cinder blocks and porcupines on these retards outside . 
If the Celtics don't close it out tonight bad things will happen to good people 
Keep playing like shit to Celtics ... :: loads rifle :: keep . playing . like shit 
Sweet phantom Technical on Perkins . I realize now the refs must be raped with a hot cow brand . 
I am going to stab you bandwagon fans in the throat and touch myself while listening to you choke on gasping , gurgled breath and watch your soul get sucked from your pupils . Fucking disgrace to Boston sports . 
Making big things happen in this small world 
The sauna in my gym is evil incarnate . Makes Iraqi summers feel like Boston falls . 
Western N.C. to spend the Memorial Day weekend with the wife , an ol ' war < PROPMALE > and his wife in those beautiful mountains . Don't call me , don't text me . I'll be back Tuesday morning . And while you're at it , why don't you remember what Memorial Day is all about instead of using it as an excuse to get retarded on a Sunday . 
is recovering 
Everytime I drive back into this town and then back onto base , a piece of me dies inside . There's some breeds of marines I don't mind , then there's these brainwashed , robotic , uptight , must overly-follow every rule in the book no matter how outdated , irrelevant and retarded it is , type fuck-tards that make everything difficult just because they have a small < PROPMALE > and no social skills . 
Awesome . Glad I'm dealing with a cunt and a half today . Makes me just burst at the seams with smiles ...... 
The gym is my only solace . Other than that my only way to vent my anger would put in prison for a little while . 
Fuck cancer ... I blame cancer on whores 
Oh heavily medicated sleep , come to me my friend . Drown me in your sadistically colorful dreams . Let me wake up wondering what exactly that balloon animal hippo was doing to my kiddie pool full of < PROPMALE > shephard fur and picante sauce .... 
Picking up two old farts from the airport . Good thing they can still party like it's 1979 ............ 
Nucking Futs 
You make it so hard to keep my composure , and thus , I blame tomorrow's hangover on you . 
So now that I've made the switch from beer to whiskey , I have discovered I don't have any cups to make < PROPFIRST > and Cokes . Thus I am now making said drink in my protein shaker . Awesome idea at the time but tomorrow my first shake shall taste , dare I say , scrumptious ? 
Such a gorgeous day to sit on my ass 
hates you all 
Today marks the 66th anniversary of D-Day . Here's to 66 years of those badasses storming the beaches of Normandy , Omaha and the likes . If it weren't for them we might all be speaking < PROPMALE > . 
Nothing like going to the gym hungover ... 
is trying to scale back the rage for now 
North < PROPFEMALE>'s humidity sucks the will to live out of me . Long day deserves a whiskey night of watching the Celtics and Strasburg's MLB debut . 
My liver ..... 
Retards piss me off . Not the Special Olympic retards but the seemingly normal grown ass man who lack such simple things as common sense and the ability to think for himself while wondering why the world isn't fair . Well fucktard , it's because you're fat . I hope you fall into a fire pit so the smell of your bacon fat melting off your skeleton overrides my sense of hearing to muffle out your unheard pleas for help 
You have this tendency to irk the ever loving shit out of me . Just giving you a heads up . 
hates blind spots ..... and blind people 
That State Farm commercial where the 3 douchebags sing the jingle and shit pops up like magic is starting to wear on my eardrums and tickling my last nerve . On a lighter note , a long , splendid night is underway 
Drinking in this town is equivalent to being forcefed the movie Groundhog Day . It's the same sight , same bars , same dumbass boots who think that just because the cute chick behind the bar smiled while handing them their drink that it means she obviously wants their < PROPMALE > immediately and thus obnoxiously acts accordingly ... This is my punishment for making fun of cancer/cripples/retards/etc my whole life isn't God ? 
Don't you love when a night of drinking turns into a babysitting extravaganza ? Back sitting in my chair making myself legit < PROPFIRST > and Cokes , not that 1oz < PROPFIRST > per glass that failure in life was pouring me . Blood pressure's great thanks for asking . 
The gym this morning was packed full of Italians , all with jacked upper bodies and the skinniest legs . Take THAT anatomical proportioning !! \ 
\Pfft 
Celtics 
I want whatever Kobe took right before he went off in that 3rd quarter performance . Don't get me wrong , I still would love to run him over with push mower . Now to clinch in that shithole city of angels 
Leather seats in this weather makes for ever so much fun when your skin touches it for the first time after its baked in the sun all day . Luckily the nerves get cauterized quickly and it's all good from there . 
I get to find out who my new therapist is today after the old psycho I saw retired . Vegas odds are 7:1 that this new one will end up reporting me due to a drastic misunderstanding involving my utter mastery of the english language during a vividly detailed rant on how I plan to kill my old nuerologist since my brain was subjected to his neglect and malpractice for the past 6 months 
My medical retirement package came back today . Find out my ratings tomorrow and getting the fuck out of here within a few weeks hopefully . The end is nigh my friends , I may be a civilian just yet . Finally , light at the end of the tunnel . On top of that , I'm watching the Celtics about to stomp on the Lakers throat 
50% from DOD , 90% from VA . Getting to collect from both since my bullshit happened in that shithole country Iraq . Yes I am collecting social security on top of that while I go to school because we gave the Corps everything we had , now its time to milk the government for compensation . Working on that \home awaiting orders\ " package . Thank you all for your support/\ " support\ " during this whole experience " 
This game is the culmination of watching the frustrating regular season and baby mama drama playoffs . To think in 2006 most of you didn't care about the Celtics , now you're all on their dicks . All that I'll put aside for a victory tonight . Whiskey and Celtics 
Basically no one should talk to me tomorrow . Friend or foe will feel nasty verbal assaults rape their self esteem as I fuck your eardrums with my hatred and discontent . Fuck every single living thing on Earth with a pinecone the size of a full grown Rottweiler and may everyone who isn't severly unhappy by this night drown in a sea of abortion fluid you bandwagon cunts . 
So I'm going to sit in this fucking chair with a bottle of < PROPFIRST > and straight up it over the course of this wonderful evening while watching Comedy Central because that's how cool I've become since I'm the last douchebag from my old unit left here on this God forsaken , whore and boot filled , pog run , politically corrupt , incompetently invaded < PROPFEMALE > Corps installation . But there's light at the end of the tunnel 
Watching baseball and curing what's left of my hangover with grease filled food and < PROPMALE > heavy . Why does North < PROPFEMALE > have a Chicago local station ? I have seen only 4 Red Sox games this season but lucky me gets to catch every Cubs/White Sox televised failure . Fuck Charter cable 
Out to have a few drinks and possibly get my two step on . Fo realz ... and such 
Tools = guys who wear visors to indoor bars at times that include 11pm and later . Did you just finish 18 holes of golf using sonar ? Or perhaps just came from a Limp Bizkit concert ? No ? Well then Mr. Kangol , take the fucking beacon for retardation off your bed head hair do that screams \don't fuck me because I don't know what I'm doing anyways\ " before the rest of the world figures out that you like men . " 
Basically I violently threatened the lives of an elderly woman and what appeared to be her grand kids in a Ford Aerostar with tinted windows when said crypt keeper sped out of a Pizza Hut and only via miracle did I avoid hitting vehicles in the other < PROPFIRST > and her . I saw she pulled over , pulled up behind her , got out , screamed into the tinted window , she rolled it down and I saw everyone was crying . Life = complete 
Everyday , progress 
I loathe hippies and the over the top liberal pussification that comes with them . I'm looking at you 1967 
You're going to fight me every last step of the way , aren't you ? God damn the relationship between the < PROPFEMALE > Corps and all grunts ' paperwork that would ease the whole med retirement process to finally get out . God damn it all to the deepest , darkest fat fold in < PROPFEMALE > Struthers ' behemoth belly . 
When you walk it out , don't forget to shake yo tail featha .......? 
Jersey for the weekend to see some ol ' friends ... and to make fun of stereotypes . Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > Defeo on getting married 
A true display of my verbal prowess this morning in what can only be described as a complete and total annihilation of this faggot's self esteem . That , among the other things that happened to him , is what occurs when you lie to my face and fuck with my living situation . 
Today's going to make or break me 
I'd rather watch Romy and < PROPFEMALE>'s High School Reunion 45346 times over than deal with the fucks who are positioned over me in this battalion that are so \overwhelmed\ " with jerking off and playing with figurines under a poncho that they can't manage to pull their head out of their asses long enough to give me THE ONE FUCKING SIGNATURE I NEED TO GO HOME AWAITING ORDERS AND NOT KILL THEM ALL IN A NASTY FIT OF RAGE . " 
10 days of leave to get and spend the 4th with wifey and the mother in law during the 3rd attempt to surgically remove the in laws kidney cancer . 
Happy 4th of July . Giving you the freedom to get retarded drunk and blow shit up since 1776 . I love you U.S.A. 
I fucking hate Californian business . Dealing with that brand of slugs is like slowly putting camel spiders in an open gash exposing my brain stem . Incompetent and lazy hippie faggots I should burn you all at the stake and jerk off before I eat your roasted corpse 
Sitting in this awkward hospital waiting on the in law's surgery to be complete . 3rd time's a charm for kidney cancer removal , eh ? I want to use some of these sterile components to ace some of these pompous , arrogant , unhelpful \medical professionals\ " in the throat . " 
15 hrs in a hospital . She made it and is doing relatively well , just needs to stay in there for a few days of monitoring before she can start recouping at home . I also lost my phone in classic Steeves fashion so message me via Facebook your < PROPFIRST > . Or not . 
Just blew enough money with new , non possibly exploding on the New Jersey Turnpike , tires now I gotta throw more away into a new cellphone . Luckily I haven't been retarded with my money prior to this wallet raping extravaganza . Facebook message me your < PROPFIRST > . 
She's a friggin trooper this one . She refuses to let any set back phase her and is finally re-recovering 
All is well with the in law . Spending another day at the hospital 
Visiting the in law at Lahey where she has turned the corner in terms of recovery . Solid foods and walking 3 days after getting parts of an internal organ removed with a smile on her face ? Friggin ' BAMF . Then lunch with wifey and that 14 hour roadtrip back to NC . 
I fucking loathe that drive , set a land speed record though in doing it in 12 hours . Beer and bed . 
< PROPFIRST > Steinbrenner is finally dead from a massive heart attack !!! I hope this starts a trend within the Yankees organization . 
Ah the MLB All < PROPFEM < PROPMALE > E > game . No matter who wins ( and it better be the < PROPMALE > ) it won't reanimate < PROPFIRST > Steinbrenner's now cold corpse . At least Satan has a business partner . 
Everything happens for a reason 
\There's Hell to pay 
Whiskey 
Finally got yet another new phone . Text me your < PROPFIRST > or message to me on this friggin thing . But it is after all 3pm on a Saturday so ..... Whiskey 
Whiskey , batting cages and my deteriorated motor functioning skills . Nothing says drunk good time like being shown up by a kid in 5th grade when it comes to a 45 mph slow pitch softball . 
This week is important to me . But since I couldn't hold in a laugh while an old woman busted ass in the rain at a grocery store parking lot in front of her awkward family , amongst the other horrible things I did/said today , < PROPFEMALE > will pay me an untimely visit and fuck it all up 
So about a year ago I got drunk and ended up creating a drink . The recipe only gets broken out for truely celebratory occasions since it fucks you up like injecting a rainbow into your eyelid but is rediculously smooth . It's called < PROPFIRST>'s Tat and I will be drinking in victory tonight . 
No more blood from this stone 
Away for the weekend 
If humidity was a human , I'd lock it in a gun safe with a live video feed to the public so everyone can watch it slowly die . 
is so getting a < PROPMALE > Kurkjian bobble head doll 
God , give me < PROPFEMALE > . If not < PROPFEMALE > then at least the tools needed to send many souls your way for judgement . 
I finally have a new EAS : August 30th . That is an even 300 days past my original release date . 
hates hippies 
needs to stop drinking like that ... 
is definetly going to be a grumpy , raging prick tomorrow . You've been warned . 
Rage 
has enjoyed walking around in my boxers for hours today without interuption from the military . 
Oh Jesus titty fucking Christ is today one of those days . You know , like a < PROPFEMALE > wielding tranny is about to surprise you from the shadows with a roll of duct tape and a chloroform soaked rag after slamming a 6'er of Zima ... 
Time to put my boot in allllll sorts of ass today . 
Happy Hiroshima Day everyone !! Let's take a moment to realize how badly we fucked that little yellow island up . Then revel in our military might and laugh at the countless generations of cancerous babies that are born all fucked up and hair lipped . On the even higher note , hundreds of thousands of American military members ' lives were spared the would be ruthless invasion of that fanatical country . So , win/win . 
You ever just wake up after a night of prolonged drinking , look around your place and go , \Whoops .... \ " .... ? " 
Gentleman's < PROPFIRST > . ' Nuff said . 
Whiskey , Budweiser , pre-season football and Sunday night baseball . I will be hammered and entertained . 
You should never go around fire expecting not to sweat 
Realty agents are some sly and crafty fucks . I called bluffs today like I was at the WSOP final table 
Please re-instate public hangings . I'm sure that would cut down on the amount of blatant retardation that somehow has managed to survive long enough to cross paths with me and exhibit my unending fountain of rage . One good showing of a draw and quarter may do these bull headed , ignorant , wastes of semen a bit of good . P.S. life really isn't that hard so grab a straw and suck it up you pathetic , pampered , spoiled brat 
No one ever drowned in sweat 
So , engulfed in a firestorm of illicit rage , would be an understatement 
Search \Powerthirst\ " on youtube . You're welcome " 
One year anniversary with the wife already . Spending the weekend with her and some friends . Amazing how loyalty pays off , eh ? 
Unbelievable weekend , thank you all who attended/well wished us . Now I'm out being boozehound with a few buddies from the past . 
3/6 Weapons Co is back tonight . Marjah and the rest of Afghanistan can suck the biggest of walrus < PROPMALE > . Thank God you're all home brothers 
Just two more weeks left 
Tying up loose ends 
Love how I can't charge this laptop anymore . Shutting down until it gets unfucked one way or another . 
Had to < PROPFIRST > rig my charger in ways that I believe will give my laptop horrible traumatic memories it will supress until it's 40 when it suddenly explodes at the dinner table in front of its wife and kids to only end up killing itself after a string binge drinking and heroin abuse . 
So I've been pretty chill all day . Time to pet my liver with the gentle hand of < PROPFIRST > Daniels . 
Then there's the time I ran out of < PROPFIRST > and I was brought a few < PROPFIRST>'s Hard Lemonade ..... Awful 
\I'm too damn old and way too < PROPMALE > to be dealing with this bullshit . \ " - God " 
It begins . Out with the Hoffmans 
Solid weekend 
Last full week in the Corps . 
If 3/6 Weapons Co . was a set of twin babies I would lock one in a black exterior/interior sedan with the windows rolled up in an abandonded lot during the hottest and brightest day of the year , then slowly take a cheese grater to the other ones face after I use a carrot peeler on its torso only to huck the , hopefully , still somwhat living glob of meat and baby fat onto the 3rd rail in a nearby subway . 
I am a free man 
Interesting first week back to say the least 
Another football season is underway . Thank God for this sport 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , you are a beast/animal/force/alleged murderer . At least I know you can back up your vicious words with even more vicious hits . 
If you do not understand my feelings for this day in history then please , remove yourself from my friends list , start your vehicle , wrap your mouth around the end of your tailpipe , inhale , say hi to Satan for me . September 11 , 2001 , God Bless < PROPFEMALE > and Her strength to perservere . 
Fuck VA hospitals , it's bad enough their facilities are dirtier than < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s bug infested floors , but the personell at Jamaica Plains make it seem like they are hired for the sole purpose of dropping one's disability rating to help save the government some money . I swear to Christ's bloody wrists I will eat their first born or at least start using my Tricare instead 
I never thought I'd live to see a gang rape on national television ... Then the Ravens faced the Jets . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > bruised egos , bodies and souls but I'm sure just picked up at least 2 endorsements on that monster hit late in the game . P.S. < PROPFIRST > Gruden , how does < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s cock taste ? Considering he was all you talked about . Leave the girly crushes to the preteens and their boy bands 
Notice : In search of weekday drinking partner . \ 
\ 
Requirements : Ability/freedom to drink at times including , but not limited to , hours ending with A.M. , stamina of the liver , good storyteller and within the tri-county area . \ 
I am currently sifting through applications and so far the competitions weak . Inquire within . 
Guess I'll spend the rest of the day hating fat chicks and homeless people .... As usual 
I love making my own hours . Liquid lunch at the < PROPFIRST>'s residence and then a solid dinner . 
Well that was quite the 72 hour hardcore shitshow . Time to detox from this weekend in lovely Boston traffic .... 
The wife is having a breakfast meeting with mayor Menino today , hope she doesn't throw salt in any fork wounds she might inflict . But on the plus side , this 2 hour commute into the city for a 15 breifing should make for an interesting stroke on Rt 1 . 
Who ever it was at the VA that scheduled these psyche appointments for me obviously needs to be dragged out into the street and publicly executed via cinder block . The timing of them have just been atrociously perfect to put me in only the thickest of traffic through the congested , vehicular nightmare that is Boston . 
Nashua can suck the biggest of walrus cock 
Tomorrow's the big move . Belmont , you're about to have the wife and I as a resident . Let's all give that town a moment of silence , for it will be its last . 
So that was a fun weekend of taking out 70 year old windows from living rooms and porches to < PROPFIRST > rig hoists in order to get the furniture in . But ask me how my 48 inch flat screen looks above my fireplace . With Sportscenter on in the background , I can finally start on my home improvement projects . 
Can not wait to crash in my recliner with a frosty mug full o ' < PROPMALE > . Fuck this hospital bullshit and all that it entails . May my medical providers all go out to the nearest circus and be trampled by a rampaging elephant 
The carpet cleaners are going to send that pussy pocket dog downstairs into a high pitched frenzy . I wouldn't even blink if my garage door slammed on that thing's spine 
Jesus fucking Christ on a crucifix shaped cracker will you just DIE already ? 
Installing some new lights and a couple dimmer switches before football starts . It would be highly unwise to do electrical work while repeatedly fist fucking my liver with the contents of \Old Number 7 \"." 
And after the almost 120 gallons of water has been wet-vac'ed out , the basement is dry once again . Thanks God , really clutch moment there .... < PROPMALE > 
The < PROPFIRST>'s special teams have bent over the Dolphins and force fed them their cocks . It's like watching a gang rape only I don't have popcorn ......... ? 
Everyone was saying similiar things back in ' 04 about Nomar . Remember Moss , you're only gonna catch passes from Favre for 12 games and every season you stay after that ? Tavaris < PROPMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > Rosenfels . Enjoy your return home . 
A wet and miserable night is in the near future for the wife , friends and I . Looking like the perfect time to bring the flask . 
So nothing beats that 14 hour trip to North < PROPFEMALE > hungover as fuck Thursday . But after what happened last night with the fellow psycho I call a friend I'm just happy to not be in jail . That's a plus . Heading back to Mass tomorrow after I test out the new acquisition in a more legal setting 
Building a bunch of shit for the house and then letting that whiskey river run all night while I watch the NY Jets die . 
\Well look at these two morose motherfuckers right here . Looks like someone shit in your cereal ... Bung \"" 
While the wife's away the husband will get obliterated and kill that God forsaken hell spawn of a cat . Here < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > .... 
The only thing that can make building the wifey a closet anywhere close to somewhat tolerable ? Booze , power tools and ESPN . No way can any of this go wrong ... 
So on a whim I went to the nearby VFW last night . Came out horrendously drunk and with some Korean War vet having paid for my first year membership after I just listened to a bunch of elder , fellow psychos tell me it's more than a drinking club . What a sloppy place I'm about to call my second home . 
Thank you , great state of Massachusetts , for taxing the very bonus you gave me for being a disabled war vet . You indian giving bastards . On a lighter note , this small child got rolled over by a flying trash barrel today and took mother nature's wind charged fist like a champ . 
Fire in the fireplace , college football on the big screen , whiskey in hand . Thank you Lord . 
Today has been a victorious day 
Blood will flood the streets with < PROPFEMALE > - esque force if this happens ... 
Anyone feel like going to the VFW tonight for the free drinks ? Inquire within , I could use the drinking < PROPMALE > 
Ah what a glorious feeling it is to begin the pregame festivities just after noontime . 
Stumbling to the VFW and their no doubt lavish party ... 
I would love to be your personal valet straight to the gates of Hell you unruly cunt . May your internal organs boil within the whorish rags you call skin as you are cooked within the fires of Hell . Seriously , what a truly great night of drinking . 
My God is tonight going to be an interesting series of events 
And to all who really wondered , I am still alive . 
I love waking up and seeing those government direct deposits inflate my bank account like a blimp . Looks like a celebration week 
Scared my 1st 2 Jehovah witnesses in a long time today . Don't sneak up on me with your books o ' faith while im outside working with sharp objects . Luckily they aren't pressing charges , mostly because they were already on my property ... 
Walked into Home Depot and was met with an Armenian employee who approached me with the intent of asking if he could help me . In mid sentence he stopped and proceeded to go on a mini-burst of excited conversation about my beard to include : Asking me how I managed to grow it so well , a background story on how he used to have one but it was too curly and a reminiscent gaze behind me of his beloved beard of the past . 
Tell a pregnant woman that you hope it's a stillborn and suddenly you're labeled a sick person in need of help . Her reaction to my \Already been through 4 psychiatrists and 2 therapists ( insert other horrible things)\ " response would've been made better if her water broke into a bucket and I forced her cunty face into it until she quit twitching . Next time don't make a snide remark about my somewhat religious tattoo " 
Pulled over twice last night and managed to get out of both a ticket and a DUI . Thank you God . Now time to lay low while I build another < PROPFEMALE > horseshoe to stick back up my ass since I used all my luck last night 
Solid weekend . At least I'll be working outside in this balmy weather .... Fuck November 
Vote , for many have died for this priveledge we enjoy . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > 
I shall celebrate my new managerial position by ignoring the request to shave my beard . All that needs to be done now is to show up tomorrow hungover or still drunk out of principle just to remind them that this job is purely a formality and I don't need the pocket change they throw my way every other Friday . 
Nothing like coming home to a fire in the fireplace , a < PROPFIRST > and Coke waiting by my recliner and dinner cooking in the oven . I'm just enjoying the shit out of life right now 
Out with the wife doing the whole casual marriage escapade 
Well that weekend went by in a blur , even with that extra hour . Guess it's back to another week of becoming a self made millionaire . Oh , and fuck you < PROPMALE > 
After an 11 hour day it's time to be inducted into the VFW at tonight's meeting . Followed by what I can only hope is a long , flowing whiskey river . 
Happy Birthday my fellow Marines . May the 235 years of brotherhood and bloodshed fill your souls tonight . 
Celebrating this fine day in history in true < PROPFEMALE > Corps fashion . Drink , Fight , Fuck 
Happy Veteran's Day to all you hard charging psychopaths who wrote the legend of this country with the bloody ink taken from our enemies still warm bodies . Thank you very much to all who took a moment out of their day today to say something . Now off to the VFW and drink with some real death dealers , WW II and Korean vets . Hey ladies , have you given your vet a V-Day B-J yet ? Work on that . 
Wings , whiskey and hopefully a Pats win . And to that Communist cunt who works at Shaws , I am going to dress up like Uncle < PROPFIRST > and rape the ever loving Hell out of you until you recognize that this country has given you so much more than your former Soviet Bloc country or you get deported and/or DIE . Bad mouth my country while you thrive here and I will fuck said mouth with my Patriotic Penis . 
Raging at the gym after work is the only thing that keeps me from faking my own death and assassinating numerous persons over the course of a 5 year period 
The past 42 hours of my life should never be attempted to be re-enacted by anyone else , ever 
It's people like you that make people like me hate stupid people like you . 
The only light I want you to see before you cease to emit breath is from the muzzle of my . 45 . I could only hope your skin is peeled and scraped away like a human vegetable while the rest of you rots in the trash can of Hell . 
When you're married you realize that no matter how right you really are , you are still wrong in their eyes . Facts don't always work well versus predisposed notions . 
\Of course money can buy you happiness ... You're in America . \"" 
Win or lose , I'd still like to see the Jets pull a 9/11 on the way back to New York . Watching the Pats 
J-E-T-S , RAPE RAPE RAPED !!! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > not only just knelt down to kiss Belichick's rings but he also took a massive load to the face while sucking his < PROPMALE > . I still hope the Jets ' team plane crash lands into a remote part of Conneticut where paremedics won't be able to get to the few injured survivors in time to save them . 
Stop trying to get me into this stupid < PROPFIRST > game or I'll penetrate you that many times with a cactus dipped in hot sauce . You choose the number but I choose the hole . And why is the media non-stop blaring 30 years of a dead < PROPFIRST > Lennon but yesterday , a day that actually meant more to the nation believe it or not , was nothing but a footnote on the back pages of every mind and channel ? Another reason to hate hippies 
At the VFW 
So fixing the porch isn't going to be quick but after it's done I'm taking my rightful seat on the living room throne to watch the Urlacher get his jaw snapped off and used to stab < PROPFIRST > Cutler's mom in her wretched uterus . I hope all the players on the Bear's vaunted defense die horrific deaths in front of their families on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
Pats , booze and greasy food . 
Pats win , clinch playoff berth , Jets lose and my porch is still standing . One helluva fine day . P.S. Dear Bears fan talking shit to me , I won't mention you by name , < PROPFIRST > , but I just wanted to know if you enjoyed washing down all that shame with your boyfriends semen after eating your own words . 
Anything less than 80 hours this week will be pure failure . 
Somehow I have to do all my x-mas shopping and still work 12 hours this weekend , so I'm out drinking with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Hey < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , here's a gift I would never have bought you unless we were forced into this obligation just because a religious figure was born/a mythical fat fuck does it . Christmas , to me , is just another hallmark holiday like < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Bah hum bug and kill babies 
Prime rib 
Trying to piece together the events of the past week ... 
Let's see , the last time I was in Times Square I lost count at 20 shots , threatened a bartenders life , kinda choked a strip club manager , attempted to kick in the wrong hotel room door after getting lost in the stair well and puking on the railing only to crash my truck on the drive home . Fast forward 3 years and I hope this New Years < PROPFEMALE > with my ol ' war buddies is just as memorable 
Long story short , I'm alive and well after all those shenanigans 
Back in the gym after a long 10 days . My New Years Resolution is to find and spar with that damn midget that I've been told scampers around before I get to the gym . 
I will be getting my hair cut today for the first time since my retirement in August . The beard , however , will remain as fierce and \Abe Lincoln-y\ " as ever and will be in full force for < PROPMALE>'s Birthday/Liver destroying extravaganza tonight " 
It's a sick game played by two parties . One party , the birthday celebrator , must consume all the liqour put in front of him during the night and following morning with the intention of surviving . The 2nd party , friends and family , must keep a steady supply of booze going into the celebrator with the intention of killing him/her . To the < PROPFIRST > goes bragging rights and a story to be reminisced upon in future gatherings 
Shoveled my 38 ft driveway , my company's loading area and storage shed this morning . I've haven't hated snow like this for years . Oh and I hope all of you working fucks with a competent owner enjoyed your day off . Wolfing down whiskey and meat to calm the anger demons that have been feasting all day . 
Expelling my rage at the gym . 
\I pick things up and put them down . \ " ... Gym then building the aspiring chef of a wife a spice rack so she can cook meat more efficiently for me " 
Making an obnoxious amount of bacon to help soak up the equally appalling amount of whiskey I am to consume this morning/afternoon while watching football . Can't wait to see Cromartie get burned time and again when the Pats stomp the shit out of those bunch of thugs/foot lovers/sideline trippers . Maybe < PROPFIRST > Namath will make another drunken appearance on national television 
Well that certainly sucked . 
Well with the football season officially ending for me yesterday and the varying times of the other two winter sports teams schedules being non compliant with my long work days , I will spend this time to drop a rap album , start my campaign for governor in 2020 , buy a house and start checking those pesky names off that certain list . But how many am I serious about doing ? Baseball season needs to hurry up 
Out with a few fuckheads getting back at my liver tonight . Gotta piss through my riches somehow .. 
I made it home ...? What ? How ? 
( Insert Steeves ' normal angry rant here ) ... too tired but yet I still harbor so much hate 
It's New England , if you live here then you have no right to bitch about the snow . Shut the fuck up and grab a shovel . Which leads me to my next point . Where the hell are all the kids who offer their slave labor for a few bucks to shovel your driveway or whatever ? Lazy pricks . I can't wait to have kids . Let's do the math , kids = Indentured servitude = I win . 
The character limit on these status updates save you all from some of my manic rants . 
Tomorrow decides a whole helluva lot for me . I have been/still am/will most likely be just the worst type of person , but perhaps God will be too busy causing a natural disaster in some over populated 3rd world country to notice me trying to be successful in life . Of course if that happens , < PROPFEMALE > will piss away billions of dollars to help said country , which in turn will piss me off , then I stroke out due to rage . 
Yesterday just earned me a better tomorrow . With a week off ahead of me , let the incessant celebrations continue . 
I have this week off , drank heavily the past few nights and yet I still get up at 6am . The heavy doses of testosterone my endocrinologist prescribed me are working all too well . Oh , anyone else notice Dunkin ' Donuts ' chose February to unleash their \Chocolate Lovers Month\ " campaign ? Black history and dark chocolate culinary tidbits . There must've been ZERO black guys on the idea panel for that gem . God bless < PROPFEMALE > " 
Urge to kill , rising . 
< PROPFIRST>'s being taking off life support tonight at 7pm at his request . Nothing like sitting in a hospital room waiting for someone to die in front of you while their family undoubtedly cries . Honestly , I hope it's quick and relatively painless . He was a WWII veteran with the U.S. Navy , God bless his soul and God bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
Still waiting for that \pop\ " sound that lets me know you finally got your head out of your ass . " 
Whiskey and vodka mix together just dandy ... psyche ... 
It's Sunday and there's no football ... 
So many people just pissed me the fuck off today . On the plus side I get to fight my rage out of my system tonight and just dis/reassembled my first V6 . 
Calm the fuck down mother nature . 
Out for the night with the wife and a few old friends . I'd prefer to be beating hookers to death with aluminum baseball bats ( otherwise known as God's work ) but this will do just fine . 
Oh gym , how you ensure I am too tired to hate in the evening hours . 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > . You're still missed . 
Much like my stature and personality , today has been a short and angry day . The < PROPFEMALE > on the retard sundae that is this Friday , is the lovely wake I have to attend due to my marital obligations . And to work at a dry cleaning place is it mandatory to be Asain ? The answer , obviously , is yes . 
Spring training baseball . Food . Beer . 
Study , gym , spar , study , drink , sleep . 
I usually don't do the repost thing but this topic is near and dear to my brothers hearts and my own . \ 
\We are asking everyone to say a prayer for the US \ " Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Thank you to ALL of \ " OUR\ " Service men and women !! \ " \ 
Thank you to all you beautiful people who wished me a happy birthday via FB , call , text , card and 1 very awkward streaker . If I haven't thanked you personally yet it won't be long until I do . Stay black ladies and gentlemen , Love all you sick puppies . 
Survived another Dropkick's concert , closed the bars and still miracled my way through school . I have maybe 3-5 good years of this kind of drinking stamina before I tank . God bless < PROPFEMALE > 
Neice-in-laws 21st in the city . This should go well ... 
If mother nature was personified I would have her raped and murdered in broad daylight then have her body dragged into a dimly lit alley to be feasted on by the homeless who will use her bones as crude weapons and tools . Fuck snow 
Sloppiest weekend in a looong time . Welcome home < PROPMALE > Hoffman ! 
Oh you fancy , huh ? 
Meh , that time o ' day again . Rage meet gym . Gym , rage . Play nice 
In < PROPFEMALE > , be back Saturday . 
Oh satellite radio , how you make roadtrips even better ... and keep my focus off of killing doucebags who do not know where the directional is in their vehicle ... 
Given the fact that I spent all day intoxicated , I'm pleasantly surprised we got the whip running so smooth again . 
