is incredibly happy ! :) 

We're carving pumpkins tomorrow ... Any ideas for their faces ? 
Turning myself into an athlete is less difficult than I thought ! O_o 
Geeking out with a Harry-Potter-thon ... Am I such a nerd for being critical when the movie doesn't follow the book down to the tiniest detail ? Probably . :) 
< PROPFIRST > is offishally a facebook maniac . 
Happy as a clam ! Three day weekends rock ! 
Time to go shopping ... Resist the urge to look at clothes ! ( Good luck with that , I says ... ) 
Well , I didn't resist the urge to look at clothes , but I didn't spend very much ! I bought myself a stellar pair of shoes . ( Awesomeness ! ) 
The end of the weekend is like the end of an < PROPFEMALE > , but without the historical ramifications and significantly less bloodshed more than half the time . 
is down with the sickness . Argh . 
loves Saturday night ! 
loathes Sunday night . Depression hurts . The weekend can help ! Too bad you only have to < PROPMALE > through five more days to get there . 
We got a new car ! It's a 2000 Honda Odyssey EX . I'm so excited ! 
Can't believe it's almost March !! Where did winter go ? Not to say I'm sad it's gone ... Just surprised the time has gone so fast . 
Where did this sickness come from ? I swear I just got over a bug only to be bulldozed by another one . :( 
Holy cow , I love my husband . He is such a sweetie ! Everyone should read his status right now . He is absoultely the light of my life . Without him I don't know where I'd be right now . 
Why does every weekend go by so fast ? If only Mondays would be equally speedy ... 
Holy cow ... I'm so sore from my work out yesterday . I wish I could sleep until the weekend ! ( Don't we all , though ? ) 
Happy Easter , everyone ! It's going to be a great day . For now , though , I'm so tired I'm surprised I'm forming sentences . Goodnight ( or morning , depending on how you look at it ... ) ! 
Holy cow ! I got a new computer today , and I had no idea that they made such efficient , fast machines for the general population . I assumed that the closest I'd ever get to technological perfection was at the library or at work . Boy was I wrong ! 
Why do I always start my period on a Saturday ? Screw you , monthly < PROPFEMALE > . 
Another Saturday wasted , for the most part ... Way to go , me ! 
DETERMINED not to waste Sunday !!! :) 
EXHAUSTED . Sleepy Time ! 
I don't recommend dislocating your shoulder to anyone . In case you're curious , it hurts . Kind of a lot . 
actually has some muscle injuries , but MAN was that a loud and painful snap . 
likes sleeping in her dining room . 
AMAZING day full of intense cleaning . I love to see the place like this ! And my shoulder keeps feeling better and better . Yay life ! 
Just finished three movies with the husband , and due to a TERRIBLE \horror\ " film 
Monday should just be deleted from the week . I say we go straight to Taco Tuesday . 
Going grocery shopping after work is the quickest way to achieve maximum exhaustion , in case anyone is curious . 
Dear Saturday Morning , \ 
\ 
Won't you please just stick around for a while ? \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me 
It's hard to tell hangover headaches and lack of sleep headaches apart unless you haven't had a drop to drink . That's what I get for staying up until 3 am researching auto insurance ... O_o 
Glorious weekend ! Incredible coffee ! What a fantabulous combination . Will productiveness follow ? We shall see . 
I periodically google myself just to see if the spelling of my name has caught on , but I'm always the first search result . :/ 
I got SO MUCH SLEEP ! It was amazing ! I feel like I drank an entire pot of coffee ! 
Stupid headache ... Don't you know it's Friday ?! 
I was smarter this morning and had my coffee first thing . Radio's blasting , the kids are getting along and the house is CLEAN ! 
is completely and hopelessly addicted to Bloons 2 . :/ 
\It's the fry fry house ! \ " ~ My son as we passed McDonald's " 
Just dyed my hair , and it looks awesome ! I'm back to a deep auburn , baby . 
Word of advise : Make sure to point out which teeth are to be removed BEFORE the oral surgeon knocks you out , or else you might lose a good molar . Just saying . 
I don't know why everyone wigs out so much here in Seattle when there's a < PROPMALE > of snow . Oh my goodness , there's going to be WINTER WEATHER ... in WINTER ! Eee gad ! 
Side note : Does the show \I didn't know I was pregnant\ " scare anyone else or is it just me ? " 
Strawberry cheesecake ice cream , I heart you . 
Hooray for snow !!! WHOOOHOO !!! 
There is nothing more entertaining than watching an intersection in Bellevue during a heavy snow . 
Snowed in ! I love it ! Time to do some laundry and defrost the Turkey ... :) 
Time to go on a walk with the kiddos ! 
Bellevue schools are closed again tomorrow ! What a fun week with my kids ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all , and to all a good sleep . I'm tired just thinking about the food ... O_o 
Things I'm Thankful For Today : Kids , sleds , snow , cookies , my husband , family , Bloons 2 and most importantly Diet Dr. Pepper . I live a blessed life ! 
We just bought our Christmas tree ! It's so nice to have a real one after growing up with artificial cheer ... :) 
Nothin ' better than spending the night commenting on bad movies with the husband . Our conversations are not unlike those from Mystery Science Theater . 
Watching The Goblet of Fire , and I wonder : Who is the other guy with Wormtail and Voldemort at the beginning in the Riddle house ? I don't remember reading that there were three people , besides the grounds keeper that is discovered eavesdropping , of course . He's obviously a death eater , but which one ? ( by the way , I'm a NERD and proud of it ! ) 
Trader < PROPFIRST>'s has this awesome Sugar Cookie D.I.Y. ( Decorate It Yourself ) < PROPFEMALE > for like $3.00 . It has the dry ingredients for the cookies , frosting packets , sprinkles AND cookie cutters . THREE of them . Well made . I'm SOOOOO impressed . Thank you for making my life easier , Trader < PROPFIRST > ! 
SOOO excited for Christmas ! I can't wait to see < PROPFIRST>'s face when he opens his present ! ^_^ 
Did you know you can paint cookies ? Most people probably realized this , but for me it's a revelation . Add more liquid to the frosting ! Amazing ! 
I had to change the sheet on my son's bed and so I took off the blankets and stuffed animals . Until lately he hasn't cared much about the stuffed animals , but they've all been piled together the last couple of days . When I threw them on the floor he gasped and said \My family ! Dey go on da bed ! \"" 
I finished most of my Christmas shopping before Thanksgiving , and dreading the crowds around here have put off buying those few final gifts . Today is the day , I suppose ! 
I just realized this morning that I'd better not fail at life , because I'll have no home to go back to if I do . No pressure ! 
Fed , coffeed . Time to get busy ! 
I just need someone to tell me no . Who's gonna step up ?! Who ?!! 
