Ya know before I crawled out from under my 500 year old rock , I never got why people did this .... now i know it's addictive .. When I'm at work I am d . t . ing from the internet 

I hope u guys r having a grrreat time :) 
It sure is , it'e been a VERY long day ?!?!? Gonna take a few quizzes and get ready to go to sleepy land :) Good night and I ' ll talk to you tomorrow , Luv ya Kelly :) 
I'm sooo tired ... I meant yes it sure does ?!?!?! DUH : > 
Well , I have Finally gotten my place nice and spic-n-span :) Dishes washed , kitchen clean , bathroom shining and < PROPFEMALE>'s room is in order , well atleast until she is outta school ?!?!? LOL :) I even have my garden in somewhat order !!! Honestly all I have left to finish is floading laundry and putting it all away !!! I told ya I was obessive complusive NO JOKE !! 
I 
NO PROB BOB !! :) I HOPE THE THREE OF YOU HAD A GREAT TIME !! I want you to always know that for the last 10 years you have been on my mind :) :) ;) I miss you and I hope that THIS DAY , YOUR DAY IS AS GOOD TO YOU AS YOU ARE TO OTHERS !! SO , that means it should be fantasic :) I luv ya 
Would love to visit u and ur sweet-baby angel when he/she arrives :) Congratulations , again , and Happy Birthday 
NO PROB < PROPMALE > !! LOVE YA TONS !! 
You read my mind !!! I wish my pool was ready but its not !!!?!?!? ITS HOTTER THAT A CROCH FROM 1960 ..... HAIRY , GROSS 
moose tracks icecream is the best 
Isn't it such a nice day ...... TOO BAD I HAVE TO WORK !!! Oh well that is life .... kick you when your down and present a gorgeous day knowing that I have to work in a nursing home ALL DAY LONG :( It's not < PROPFEMALE > bad atleast I'll be making money !!! But still it would be nice to play hooky ... well heck now we all know i'm bull crappin ' 
Well ..... I gotta go and prepare for another FUN DAY at Sunrise :) I hope that my work day is done before I know it !!!!! BUH-BYE FOR NOW :) 
I had to work late tonight :( Just until 9:15 !! So as it turned out , I had no time to go outside and observe/enjoy that gorgeous Saturday .... Oh well ! Hopefully , Tuesday/Wednesday/Thursday one of my off days ; there will be great weather in store :) My luck it will rain all 3 days lol !! I ' m hoping for nice weather 
Well , today is pay day :) I get to collect my meager wages that took 2wks to earn !!?!?!? Afterword , I have to put $ in the bank , [ maybe < PROPFIRST >;) will be working today :)] go to walmart and get me and < PROPFIRST > swimsuits and make out some checks to pay bills It goes/spends WAY TO QUICK ?!?!? 
Got back from getting my errands ran . Didn't get any swimsuits :( got < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ;) instead !! The both of us already have suits ..... so I guess we can only ware 1 at a time !!! Nothing to do at the time waiting for < PROPMALE > to get off work :) I hope he had a good day 
What a lazy day weather wise , I wouldn't know an easy or lazy day if it slapped me in the face and kicked my ass too Too much to do and worry about .... who ever said it would be easy .... 
What a nice night :) Just got done making 3 way chili spaghetti and peanut butter iced brownies !! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > loved it :) So now I gotta clean up ... my o.c.d. will not allow me to do anything until the kitchen is spotless ! Sometimes I feel like a slave to my cleaning schedule and the fact that I GET CRAZY over things outta place . So must of u think I'M NUTS but anyone that has know me 4 a while knows I'm fun crazy 
Cant win for losing .. crappy day leads into a ... shitty night .. all leads up to the 10 big woop !! As if anyone REALLY cares ... One more year older .. one more step closer to the grave , if I were lucky ?!?!? But knowing my luck I'll live to be Mrs. Vogel's age-sunrise peps get this- The rain and gloom always gets me down !! 
Feeling much better thanks to Jenni :) So lucky to have a n friend like her 
What a beautiful day ... I thought for sure it would rain all day .... maybe god is cuttin me a brake 
Just got done talkin to Kelly :) What an AWESOME friend I just love her < PROPFEMALE > much . Anyone to have < PROPFIRST > as a friend is damn lucky and better treat her right or else do got me to deal with ?!?!?!? AND u dont want that ... TRUST ME 
Thank you to all the birthday wishes , i appreciate all of it :) TGIF 
Is just wondering if THE AMAZONIAN has main vained today or did her 8ball yet ... maybe she wont be on the war path but i doubt it !!! 
What is wrong with the pimps over at disney channel ? I SURE HOPE IT'S < PROPFEMALE > MARKETING SHAM !!! Whats next feeding young kids cocain , ghb and pcp ... anything to make billions ? Do these assholes have a soul ... NOPE 
Has been screwed by the LONG ARM OF THE LAW ?!?!? 
Is very annoyed .... 
Much better Thanks bethie i love u < PROPFEMALE > much 
Good Morning folks :) Much better day ... all is well . Off work for 3 days ... YES !! Gonna miss my sweet residents but not too much ... see ' em Friday 
Oh joy , yet another wonderful day trapped in limbo .... I mean work .... yeah we will go with that 
Cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > off and wish them a safe trip :) luv ya ladies 
beautiful day its time to get off the computer and get some work done .... cleaning and laundry oh joy 
The house is clean ( even < PROPFIRST>'s room ) , dishes are done and laundry is folded . I have < PROPFEMALE > n one busy < PROPFEMALE > !! Now I have NOTHING to do but further my internet addiction ?!?!? 
Good night peeps ;) Have a peaceful well rested evening and a bright cheerful morning !! I t's all rainbows and butterflies :) nitenite 
Is tired of this heat wave ...... it's hotter than a crouch in brass panties 
just cant wait to MELT at the nursing home , WTF !!! Goody goody gum drops !! 
Joy of joys ............. The \Manor\ " is calling my name cant wait to sweat my ass off ?!?!?! I have NEVER done crack but the way we have to run around at work makes me feel like I am running a crack headed rat race that I will NEVER win .... ready set tweek .... j/k " 
Is just lovin ' that damn I.Q. test result 
Happy Tuesday .... 3more days till payday 
Can't wait to visit flower and mama cat tomorrow ... those 2 chics r the BEST ?!?!? 
is off to work , those on welfare are counting on me for their pay-checks ! UGH : - ( 
Hello facebook wish i had more time to get on 
SOOOOO much to do and SOOOOO little time to do it !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is sick today :( I think she has the stomach flu I sure hope she gets to feeling better !! 
Just poked u and flower ... was it as good for you as it is for me 
< PROPMALE > Dodson ... u funny motha f@cker...hide ya kids hide ya wife hide ya husband cause they rapin everone here !!! WTF ... I know this is a serios issue but damn lmfao !!!! 
Here in < PROPMALE > heights ..... 
I ran away with a nutcracker on a train because I think I need SOME SERIOUS HELP !!!! 
