is sad that he must soon change his pic back to normal tomorrow ... BUT TOTALLY PSYCHED ABOUT TONIGHT !!! HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

is a little bit sick ... but is still happy that he had such a great weekend ! 
wants everyone to wish him luck . Don't ask why ... JUST DO IT !!! 
is getting his motorcycle license today !!! 
I'm now finally able to legally drive my badass scooter , and it's raining ... wtf ? 
is super excited for Knights Action Park next week !!! 
can't wait for this weekend !!! NIGHTS ACTION PARK ... HERE I COME ! 
is painting like a mo-fo ! 
ad one hell of a night at the Blink 182 concert !!! 
might have some recuperating to do from last night ... 
had a great time last night at his party ... success ! 
is wondering if his computer should be making that sound .... me thinks not ... 
is trying to find Waldo ... where the hell could he be ? 
wants Illinois to stop sucking ... = ( 
was bummed about the game last night ... but the night was totally redeemed when the neighbors threw a flaming chair off the fourth story balcony ... priceless ... 
hopes he gets over this cold , so that he can go to his cake decorating class this Friday ... 
invites everyone to his 21st birthday party next Saturday !!! 
can't wait for cake decorating tonight 6-8 
has had a couple of long nights ... takin ' it easy tonight . Interview tomorrow ... wish me luck ! 
is gettin ' ready for his interview ! 
is rockin ' his freakin ' face off ... 
is pretty sure that it's time to watch tv and fall asleep ... 
is super duper excited about his birthday this weekend ! 
did awesome on his first interview , and is now heading back for the second interview at 3 . Wish him luck ... again ! 
just got the job ... wooohooo !!! And now ... this weekend is for celebrating ... 
just tanned for the first time ever ... it wasn't as exciting as he hoped it would be ... 
is getting ready for his birthday party tonight . If you wanna come , give him a call ( 217 ) 412-8942 . It's gonna be epic =) 
is so freakin ' excited about his birfday !!! 
had the most epic birthday party of all time last night !!! 
had a great weekend , but now it's time for work ... ughhh 
is ready for a nap ... 
had a great night last night ... and can't wait to do it again ! =) 
just got off work ... and can't wait to do nothing ! =) 
just saw an amazing cover band tonight ... and has absolutely no voice left ... the way it should be ! 
is on a mission to pay rent money by 5pm ... wish me luck ! 
wishes < PROPFIRST > a happy birthday , and hope he enjoyed his party last night ... I know I did ! 
is thinking about what he's going to do tonight ... 
haha ... 420 ... 
is having a pretty good week so far . Work is going well , Piano Man was fun , and I got a wedding this weekend . =) 
got in his first scooter accident . He lost a turn signal and a rear light , sustained a bruised right butt cheek , but was luckily able to walk away from it ... everyfin is okay . =) 
is gonna take it easy tonight . Maybe watch a movie and just relax . =) 
is wondering how advanced civilizations would be if we didn't require so much fuggin ' sleep ... 
is so glad he found a ride to work ... awww yeah !!! no busses today ! =) 
just realized that he parties much more than he once thought ... ( Pianoman Tuesdays , Beer Pong Thursdays , and then of course Friday and Saturday are just ... well , Friday and Saturday ) 
can't wait for the V-Ball game tonight ! PACK THE PLACE !!! 
is having a great week so far . Thanks to all my friends and co-workers that make my life better than yours ... 
is really really late for work ... but has to wait for his jeans in the dryer ... ughhh fml 
had an amazing night last night .... oh my god . And now can't wait for tonight ! HAPPY HALLOWEENIES !!! 
had such a great weekend . Thanks to everyone that made it the BEST HALLOWEEN EVER !!! 
is wakin ' up early tomorrow to go donate some plasma ! $50 here I come ! 
just found out that all the homeless people and crackheads show up first to donate plasma ... and the legit poeples like me haz to wait another day ... =( 
had a long day at work today ... and would like very much to chilax tonight ... 
loves Pianoman ... but more importantly , his amazing friends ! I LOVE YOU GUYS !!! 
is totally psyched that his dad just stopped by to give him his very own alcohol breathalizer !!! 
loves his family , his job , and his friends more than anything in the whole world ... I wouldn't trade any of you for the world ! 
can't wait for Thanksgiving ... but isn't excited to work on Black Friday ... let's just hope no one get's trampled to death this year ... 
is happy despite all the stress . =) 
had a great day off , but now it's back to work ! Good luck on your exams everybody !!! 
still calls his mom \Mommy\ " and is proud of that fact ! =) I love you Mommy ! " 
is so lucky to have such awesome co-workers ! I love you guys ! 
wishes everyone a happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
P . S .... Shout out to anyone who might have gone to the ER last night ! I heart you whole bunches ! 
wishes everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
has the best friends and co-workers in the world !!! 
is awesome ... 
had the best weekend ever !!! 
\Everyone from Atwood is a slut ! \"" 
needs this day off today ... 
could use a nap ... 
has several days off next week . Would anyone like to do something ? 
Who wants to do something tomorrow ? 
loves his friends and family so much ! You guys mean the world to me xoxo's 
thought of the coolest and bestest and most awesome 21st birthday cake to make for Charly ... it's gonna be epic ! 
just finished the second batch of cakes for Charly's birthday ... mmmmmm smells good ! 
is waiting for the last batch of cakes to get out of the oven so that he can finally START the decorations ! Mwahahahahhah 
enjoyed one of the best birthday parties ever last night !!! 
is wondering if anyone got a really good picture of that cake ...? 
is baking a < PROPFIRST>'s Day cake =) 
wants a hug . 
wishes everyone a happy < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
had a wonderful night getting to know someone new =) 
is happy that things are going so well in life =) 
UNOFFICIAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
wants to thank everyone for making this the greatest Unofficial ever !!! XOXO 
is going frolfing the third time this week . Oh god ... I love my life ! 
had a great night with great friends . I love you guys ! 
has work ... then BPT ! =) 
is thinkin about his future ... hrmmm do I wanna be an astronaut or a monster truck driver ? 
is so effin ' jacked and tan right now ! ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is gonna rock some BP tonight ! 
is thinking about someone right now ... and I think she knows who she is ! =) 
hey everyone ... i leave for Texas on monday , so if you're free sat night please come to my going away party ! txt me for details ( 217-412-8942 ) 
is safely in < PROPFIRST > Texas ... whew , thanks Grayhound ! 
misses his baby ... 
has had tacos at least three times this week ... and is still not tired of them . Thank god they're cheap and delicious . I gotta give it to those hispanics ... they sure do make good food ... 
misses his cute < PROPFEMALE > store girl ... 
has four days until he officially becomes .... A GUINNEA PIG ! 
loves his mommy very very much ! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!! 
may or may not be returning to IL with an extra limb .... HOORAY FOR MODERN SCIENCE !!! 
will be $3200 richer in 15 days . God bless human guinnea pigs =) 
wow ... 13 blood draws in one day , my poor little veins are crying ... 
is totally lookin forward to the summer being over so he can play D&D with his roomies ... and Grace ... if she wants to ... or anyone else ... as long as it's not < PROPFIRST > PETERS 
can't wait to see his cute < PROPFEMALE > store girl again !!! 
is pretty much awesome ... at everything ... all the time ... 
offers his condolences to the Cowley family . 
is so excited that he gets to see his two favorite ladies next month !!! 
is * super duper * excited that he gets to see his two favorite ladies .... HA SUCK IT ! 
is counting the days till his cute < PROPFEMALE > store girl comes to visit !!! 
totally watched \Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs\ " last nigh by himself ... and it was AWESOME !!! " 
FIVE .... COUNT ' EM ... FIVE DAYS TILL I SEE MY CUTE < PROPFEMALE > STORE GIRL !! 
2 days till Grace leaves ... and 3 days till I can hold her =) 
Well ... by the time I wake up tomorrow , my cute < PROPFEMALE > store girl will be entering TEXAS !!! And by 10:42 am she'll be in my arms ..... EEEEK I'M SO EXCITED !!! 
I have been reunited with my cute < PROPFEMALE > store girl , and thus begins the greatest vacation ever !!! 
just had the most amazing week ever with his cute < PROPFEMALE > store girl . We experienced a little bit of Mexican-American culture , watched the sun set over a lake from 350 ft . while sipping a pina colada , took a midnight stroll down the beach in the moonlight while camping along the Gulf of Mexico on Padre Island ... BEST VACATION EVER !!! 
really misses his guitar ... * sad face * 
picks ... \ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tOq25vBkso\ 
\ 
for the song of the day 
FAINTING GOATS MONTAGE !!! 
misses his cute coffee shop girl , and is very excited for his bruver Joshy !!! 
is very very happy =) 
is back in Chambana , rockin ' it up like no one's business !!! BOOOYA ! \ 
( Flat-Top tonight ... woot woot ! ) 
has had a wonderful week with his sweet coffee shop girl , friends , and family ! I love you guys ! \ 
( and to all my U of I friends ... I can't freakin ' wait for you guys to get back !!! ) 
got pulled over last night and had to do a sobriety test ... COMPLETELY SOBER ! 
totally watched \All Dogs go to Heaven\ " \ 
has been singing \Africa\ " all week long ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCca5mPMp9A " 
had a wonderful night with his cute coffee shop girl . And also , if anyone would like to come to Flat-Top on Saturday afternoon for his birthday , he would enjoy anyone/everyone's company =) 
BIRTHDAY LUNCH AT FLA T-T OP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
( om-nom nom x infinity ) 
had a great day with everyone yesterday ! Thank you to everyone who came out for my B-day ! 
enjoyed his birthday , and thanks everyone who wished him a happy one =) 
really wishes that < PROPFEMALE > Zellweger would stop making movies , so he wouldn't feel like he needs to explain why she shouldn't be making more movies ... 
loves his sweet coffee shop girl more every day =) 
had a super fantastic Harroween with his cute coffee shop girl =) 
, despite how much he absolutely hates country music ... is stuper duperty psyched about having Texas Roadhouse for lunch today .... YYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHAAAAAAWWWW !!!!!! 
is gonna have a super fantastic wonderful evening with his adorable coffee shop girl =) 
is vurry vurry sick ... and wishes he didn't need to < PROPFEMALE > a roll of toilett paper with him around the house ... 
\sometimes when I start to feel sick ... I just stop being sick and be awesome instead . True story . \ " - < PROPMALE > Stinson " 
had the bestest christmas ever with his family and sweet coffee shop girl ! 
is celebrating \LAUNDRY TIME !!! \"" 
... dear wisdom tooth , \ 
I hate you . Please hurry up and come in so I can eat solid food again ... 
Dear people on unemployment , welfare , government aid , food stamps , section 8 housing , and all illegal ( non-tax paying ) immigrants ............ \ 
Please work legitimate jobs and pay taxes so that I don't have to support you now and then have to worry about there being no more aid left when I'm in my 50's .... \ 
sincerely , someone who cares what happens to this country . 
just glanced over and saw that over 600,000 people have \liked\ " ' Big Mommas : Like Father Like Son ' ... and was saddened ... and disappointed in the direction < PROPFEMALE>'s going ... " 
is sitting on an upside down trash can in the middle of a Verizon store , making sure no one steals these shiny new iphones . 
is very very tired ... 
is officially engaged to the girl of his dreams !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just watched ep 1 season 5 of Dexter ... and holy cow . What a tear jerker ... 
Has a question for you ... \ 
Grilled cheese sammich or cheese toasty ? \ 
Soda or pop ? \ 
Potatoes or taters ? 
is awesome . 
had a fantastic night of sleep =) 
TITS !!! 
Thinks it's about time to go to bed ... 
