God Dam its sunday already for me and then back to working in the < PROPMALE > mine ! LOL 

Eating some smoked Salmon Penne , with sauted asparagus mmm mmm 
Just another hour in another day in another year around the sun 
Sick as a dog 
Still sick , can't get rid of this infection 
ahh back to work , think i need to go get back into the hot tub 
Off to the store for some drink and scuba snacks 
Well time to play ...................... I guess 
not much just up around 2 in the mourning watching old black and white cartoons and episodes of kung fu 
well just another day in the long days of the decade 
Wondering why a plan is a list of things that never happen 
\There's always free cheese in a mouse trap \"" 
Oh what a day to work 
Oh well its the AM time for a cup of November Juilette and a cookie plus a smoke no red bulls for me 
Another day in the < PROPMALE > mine 
Blah Blah another day of work for me and tomorrow is another day of it 
Thinking about which movie to see on friday ? Or something else fun to do before i come to work 
Well Well Well another day and another brick in the wall , still wondering why people have faith in religion , its kind of a one way love if you ask me but hey thats me i just don't get it take the bible all it says is shit happens . something good happens its gods will something bad he works in mysterious ways . Can't they just say it happend but oh well im having a bad hair day and no coffee yet so don't listen to me 
Today is the first day without a cig I told my friends Im going to be a little on edge like for the next year ... and for the people who have never smoked and say its not that hard just piss me off 
Well this is only day two and I am already a bit itchy , there is just that sensation of taking that first drag from the first smoke in that pack ... that is just the best part like falling in a pillow of happiness ..... but im just going through withdrawles yet 
Well today is the first day of nothing , just quiting smoking just didn't seem hard enough I wanted to test my will power so I cut a bunch moore stuff out but not caffiene common Im only human . But as for the other things day one is almost out the way so after that is day to for as long as I can resist wish me luck 
Well Today is the fourth day of nothing and the 7th day of no smoking and holy crap am I on the edge . I been snappy at little things but oh well getting through the gitters okay so far will have to see 
Well boys and girls i tested my will but my will was broken but im not smoking or drinking well 6 days is pretty good for me i guess 
Well the votes came in and i am going to continue to grow my hair 
Well today is the first day of the mourning shift , faf Hope Moe had a Gou Day Ahote Ahote Ahote he's almost 40 now Ahote Ahote 
Have not had nights off in years got me thinking wwjd ? 
Nothing like playing a little craps 
I was on a roll on craps today tomorrow its me tossing dice first cause thats the rock bottom 
Fack at stonehenge on $1 domestic bottle night me n < PROPMALE > but no moe faff 
Mmmm going to eat some carne asada 
Dam im full now , but man a o man i still hate the lakers 
Well at work , what else is there to say but mmmm mmm carne asada again today 
Well I was having fun last night but could'nt get crazy with Moe < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > cause I had to come to work , but oh wells seen that one dude < PROPMALE > Griffen from the fights thought he'd be taller IDK if that guy can sing thou 
God dam blue jays , they are going to loose 
Why is it most people feel scared in the dark and cold while i find it the most relaxing no noise no light just makes me feel relaxed 
Msg ......... No MSG LOL 
Wondering if its a breakfest day or a lunch day either one would be good but Hmmm ? Or a Hot Fudge Sunday Funday Ahot Ahote Ahote ( inside joke ) 
F to the R to the I to the D and A why because its my FRIDAY 
So they find primative life on a < PROPFEMALE > of saturn so where does this put creationist ..... in line with evolutionits or not ? 
Were the hell do i find a new playstation 3 for sale ? 
Just got my update on my phone its awsome works great now 
im at my nices 8th grade promotion and there some moms wearing the same kind of cloths as there daughters in the promotion i heard of cougars but mountain lions 
How bout them lakers lol ha ha 
God do i miss the night shift , to much\ 
Light in the mourning 
Today is the day i get a haircut if i should not someone txt me STOP N I WONT GET ONE 
My hero is on the last power cell almost dead n . its not even 10 
Dam went from 10 now they say 11 
Worker < PROPFEMALE > today , a slave to the hive mind , controlled by the < PROPFEMALE > the almighty dollar 
well not much more then work to do today then maybe a hole lot of nothing after work cause there won't be much to do end 
well today is just another day ... Nothing more or less than yesterday .... the air is still warm ... the sky is clear .... and they are still making aqua net so its still just another day think i will listn to the oldies . 
Still pissed the lakers won ..... next year Knicks all the way 
Its just another day for me , im at work but at least im off at 5 
Mmmmm just had a special delivery of ivers red manhatten chowder brought from seattle pier 
What is better a miller light or a < PROPMALE > light ? The world may never know 
How the hell did i get a sty 
Ahh my sty is gone 
Well I have a babysitter for tonight and my wife is about a thousand < PROPMALE > away what to do on a Manic Monday night hmmmm any suggestions people ??????????????????? 
Well stuck in the office again today ....... does anyone want to go buy my lunch for me .......... I really hate casino food 
Not much last day as a single mom 
AAAAhhh the fourth of July just another reason to blow shit up , fire works 
Ahh the proper chemicals mixed , together to make n m-80 look like a pop-it , oh how i love to blow shit up 
Another beautiful day , sun is warm and sky is blue , man do i miss the south pacific 
You know it sucks most bars you go to can never make a mojito just because they dont have mint leaves that just sucks 
Well its friday and im jaming to < PROPMALE > green , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and earth wind & fire 
Well it is mY day off but here i am at work again oh well 
Alright < PROPMALE > Spearchief and < PROPMALE > Skinzzz Johnley , I called the place they Said $ $235.25 per person falling at 120mph(about 200ft . per second ) from 14,000 ft . in the air(about 2.6 < PROPMALE > in the air for about 60 seconds ) landing takes about 7 minutes and the video is about $108 bucks and its about 120 < PROPMALE > away are you guys still game ( Cause its time to Nut up or Shut up ) ????????????????????????????????????????? 
Well another day as a single mom ha ha 
At work on a saturday again 
Oh just another day but hey its hawian shirt day 
Single mom status just for tonight i think 
Ahh all done bbq n eatin guess this single mom deserves a cool < PROPFEMALE > n a dip in the hot tupb ahhhh 
Faf on gravy shift and its awsome 
Me and Moe holding it down at work 
Was going to go to the movies with the boyz Moe n Skinzz but something else more important came up 
Wonder what < PROPMALE > n T.R. are doing 
Oh where o where is < PROPMALE > n T.R. 
I was going to do somthing but ciggs r 2 good to pass up 
Meet Me Meat Me 
Blah blah blah blah , why is it every time u want somthing done right u have to do it yourself 
Where in the world is < PROPFIRST > SanDiego 
What would u do 4 a klondike bar ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can literally kick your ass with his fist 
The only mind < PROPFIRST > can't read is < PROPFEMALE>'s . That is because < PROPFEMALE > thinks about < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
When playing the game remember the five d's Duck , Dodge , Dive , Dip , Dodge 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is Stone Cold not < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Poor < PROPFIRST > hes going to die alone i hear 
Fak got to work n hour ahead of time 
Its just like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > said The Times they are a changing 
bout ready to jam to some Delfonics on the Ipod 
Fuck i had some shit i wanted to do but fuck now im going up to the dam moutains 
Well just about out of cell phone service , hope everyone has sexy dreams i know i do c ya later dater 
Well out of the woors all soar , thought ide unpack and relax but as the late great < PROPFEMALE > Carpenter said , \We've only just begun \"" 
God first i survived now celeb ghost stories this is dull think i need a drink 
Weird had a dream about an old stash it wasn't cool she kept hitting me with pickles she was throwing at me scarry as hell 
On the road again 
What is wrong with the ventalation system at the agency its bad 
Took another nap and had another dream i dont think i was in R.E.M. sleep though it was weird again but now its time to get ready the night awaits 
At work burning the midnight oil 
At work listing to some R&B all night i guess < PROPMALE > Green to < PROPMALE > Vandros 
Bugaboo 
Why is it u have weird dreams 
Jesus can walk on watter < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can walk on jesus 
Floating in the clouds at work 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > Vick were framed they were inocent men but I'm kinda iffy on < PROPFIRST > and Tiger 
Thinking about having a < PROPFIRST > spacey movie marathon best actor u ask me right up there with brando , pachino and rowen atkinson 
Man oh man here at work and all them Savages are outside saving there seats for grand entry tomorrow FAF 
Ahh jaming to some 2Pac , Biggie , and Wu-Tang with a little Shaq hey its only one song that was okay 
U have been to the moutain top and seen the promise land 
I seen ur family tree and two dogs were pissing on it faf 
Feel like eggplant paemagian 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > clear pepsi 
Taking my boys to see a movie 
Have you heard the bird is the word , everybodys heard the bird is the word 
Just playing some codmw2 
Just another day 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > does not have twitter because he's already following you 
I can beat you in a stairing contest 
Watching old school laughing my balls off 
TGIF 
God is the first one to have WWCND tattood on his chest cause even God ask \What would < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Do ? \"" 
Has anyone seen my cousin strawberry 
Feel like a monkey ready to be shot into space , ready to sacrafice it all for the greater good !!! 
Yess Saath is bringing me my hot cup of N.J. 
Did you know Dogs can smell cancer in humans 
Just another day of not much but work , Hope its a beautiful day 
I do not know why people put other people down for smoking , drinking , eating < PROPFEMALE > healthy . I mean its kind of hurtfull ... DO we tell people don't excersise don't drink water have a beer , don't eat salad have the gravy fry's with a bucket of cheese common people you do what you do we do what we do lol 
Woke up last night came to work yada yada yada Thank God its Friday only a couple dozen hours left to go 
Why is it you always find yourself singing to the weirdest songs when your all by yourself in a room , I must be that tired 
F . B . I . - Female Body Inspector \ 
Lay your best one on me peoples 
I think i have perfected my < PROPFEMALE > not to much ice but lots of alcohol yummm 
Just wondering if its better to know deep dark secretes of a thousand family members and friends or of a thousand strangers ??? 
Trying to figure out what was the best shoe made ? < PROPFIRST > #V , LAGear withe the lights , rebockPumps , ScottiePippens , PennyHardaways , AddidasSuperstar2 , BritishKnight walkers , GrantHill Filas , Lugz Funk Master Flex edition , Timberland Urbans or < PROPMALE > Taylors just a hard question 
How Long is a chinaman's name 
Need me some Grape Drink , or purple stuff 
Finaly improving on my Balisong handling yess 
Why is there an i in family but not in team 
Just like the first teaser trailer for the new < PROPFEMALE > trek movie stated http://thefaafbook.webs.com is under construction 
Im at work all alone and that is very very FAAF 
So we had two doggs at the begining of this year now we have none one died of disese and the other of a hit it and forget it ..... and now its time to consider a new pet but my wife does not think a Capuchin monkey is the best idea but i think its an awsome idea or maybe a lizzard or a parot 
Who are the people that say I don't follow trends I set them , does that meen they make everything they do somthing everyone wants to do , caus if i jumped off a bridge I don't think anyone whould follow cause I would be the only one with a bungee cord . 
At the fair going too look at some animals rides and eat some Gyros 
Just another day same as the last and the one before that 
Voice Male : Hello you reached me im not here right now so leave a voice mail but hey don't text me its gay 
Hey join Fubar , just another myspace out there but not as gay ... so its kinda like facebook then 
Just another day like the others but today is friday 
Just seen the social network was not half bad but could have been better 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > rides a motor without the cycle 
At hopfrst 
Speak easy i guess 
MMMMMM wings today and work tomorrow mmmmm i think wings tomorrow sound good with work and blue cheese 
Fuck that he caught it 
Stonies or Tuscans tonight will have to c shit better get some sleep for tonight 
I guess its tuscans then n if no ones there the refills come faster 
Moe getting me all sluty drunk 
Watching the yanks dominate the twins 
Feels like Thia food today maybe some fresh spring rolls n red curry with some pad thai 
Just got done with dinner it was good cooking by me , Fried Chicken , green beans , < PROPMALE > n Cheese , with some mashed Potatoes , with some Punkin Pie for Desert ahh 
Burning the midnight oil goodbye day off 
Time to take a little break from work then back again 
What a day two deaths in my two familys and two funerals to help with 
I know it sounds dirty but i watched a crack get bigger n bigger today 
\FRUMTHA REZ \"" 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > in 8hr 47 < PROPFEMALE > . 
For all those fair weather yankee fans out there who probbably changed the channel an said they were going to loose at the bottom of the fifth , i say in the words of the late great < PROPFIRST > belushie \it aint over till we say its over \"" 
Holding down the fort 
Just got done watching a classic movie i hadnt watched in years \all the kinfs men\ " great movie " 
Another day in the wonderful land of OZ 
Whens the last time you used gargantuan in a sentence 
Busy counting all the 24 hours in this one day minute by second 
Thinking of buying electronic cigs to try em out ???? 
Yes like men 
Fuck had this weird dream about everyone dressing like charecters from through the looking glass and i was the chescher cat 
Today is the day the world went away-NIN 
nothing much today 
So I seen Paranormal Activity 2 yesterday and all I can say it was better then the first movie they did and can I say it looks like one of the Actor/Actress got some professional work done . < %p 
So i guess ill get a couple hours sleep now got a fist full of peso's an a million dollar grin now 
FYI : Only Queers wear stars 
Queers wear stars 
God it gets annoying sometimes with your phone synced with facebook you have everyones number on ur phone n it takes me a couple more seconds to look for a number 
I can't believe its not butter but < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can 
The snake is in the grass 
Only in the movies can the hero shoot n kill 19 badguys with a 6 shot revolver without ever having to reload his guns once 
Mr. Potato head is going to see saw 7 tonight 
So i couldnt sleep so i just got done making two batches of peanutbutter cups n some fudge now what to make 
Mr & Mrs. Potatoe head just made popcorn balls for our little trick or treaters 
8 more weeks till Christ Mass 
Ahh the \November Rain \"" 
\Why must I < PROPMALE > the Cat \"" 
\Going to ice down my balls and spit up blood \"" 
fack friday percaps out natives all out n bout tuscans , jacksons , susies or hoops 
Having fun playing Medal of Honor the softwere engine aint too bad but the sound ratio could be better a lot of the weapons sound the same 
If if's and but's were < PROPFEMALE > and nuts we'd all have a mery christmas 
As the plastic surgon alwas says if you gotta go Go with a smile 
Reminded of the words of < PROPFIRST > the Dude right now for some reason 
So any of you guy's believe in angels ? 
Today marks Six Years Around the Sun with the Old Ball n Chain 
So if the us has a conviction rate of 28% of all crimes and most other democratic countries have about a 47% or Japan with its 99.8% rate you think we might change that innocent until proven guilty 
Anyone wanna shoot me a silver bullet 
Another eventful day in the wonderful world of OZ 
You know smiling is the second best thing a women can do with her lips 
Cracking up on this G-unit song my homie had me listen to yesterday n still cracking up listening to it 
Got my gameface on Arc Angel666 on the hunt 
\These pretzles are making me thirsty \"" 
Trying to think whats the best song for a lady to dance to during a lap dance ??????? 
I keep listning 2 this crazy song . \the sun's goes dim and the sky turns black\ " and i dont know why " 
the cold wind feels so good 
Sitting in a windowless room 
Why must you spend so much time telling creationist that evolution is what really happened cause its fact not fiction 
Feels like summer 
wishing for some hot tomatoe soup and grilled cheese sandwich ..... guess ill make it tomorrow for lunch tomorrow 
oh what a day , just like any other . 
\I only eat cage free farm fresh eggs \"" 
Got the Jell-o made and the Peach Cobbler is cooling off to Grandmas House house we go for all the fiddles 
Rolling in the snow 
Was Enjoying my Oatmeal until someone had to interupt me and it just ruins the moment .. and now I will never have it back 
Enjoying a nice hot cup of oatmeal with no interuptions its delicious 
Why do people walk around in public in pajamas , that's what sweats are for common people . If your going to dress scrubed out at least wear sweats or basketball shorts 
Snowing again .... I guess its time for more hot oatmeal mmmmmm ........ 
Sitting Here with < PROPMALE > Weasly wondering were Moe Weasly is probly with that mouse 
A warm Corona taste just like this warm < PROPFIRST > Adams 
Where are the Weasleys at Moe , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST >????????- The Creature 
I think it be time for more hot ceral 
Ahh and i was having such a nice night \ 
until now 
little known fact that you are more likely to die driving to buy a lottery ticket then to actually win one 
Im all smile cause Skinnzzz is here drinking his Midnight Slurpee 
Whoa zombies all around me thank god i pulled the pin on the grenade and took em down with me 
Were all just a bunch of buyers and sellers .... buyers and sellers .... pimps and whores ...... pimps and whores ...... 
got the headphones on time for some Wu-Tang and Black Ops ONline now 
Why Must He < PROPMALE > the Kat 
Foook my controller just died thank god i have a dozen 
whew just won agian it just feels good to be so awsome 
Boom Boom Boom god can't believe im still playing Black Ops whew need a breather 
Fuck the lakers 
Lets go Knicks 
Yes boys n girls i am still on black ops online 
Its strange that washington dc has the highest number of AIDS/HIV cases in the us 
Can you Believe 250,000 fucking nerds have actually . Gone to forks to see the places they used in the movie for about twenty minutes total in both movies , i lived there and it was never that intristing probably still isnt 
Lets go big orange 
Oh yes the Big Orange won the game that just makes my day 
Got my percaps today yesss 
Yep it be that time to multi task facebook , pepsi and Call of Duty Black Ops time 
Whoa Gotta Love Those NY GIANTS \Who's Got a Giant Attitude \"" 
Who did i kiss that made me sick 
Fuck I forgot i lent my IPOD out to my sissy now im just lost forced to listen to a DJ now god i Feel lost 
The differance between ordinary and extraorinary is that little bit 
So its 8 am just getting home now and went to work at 1600 but off at 0200 but now its time for a nap b4 black ops time 
Watching \Wild Justice\ " with my boy neph n brother in law " 
Death to Smoochy 
Watching centurion its good 
My god ive been cut off internets acting up no call of duty black ops , netflix , or frostwire what am i going to do 
I never watched heros until today its getting pretty good half way done with season one 
I wonder what would happen if Washington stopped selling alcohol for 3 months , would it be like the burger < PROPMALE > commercial when they stopped selling the whopper 
Playing my new game ive been meaning to buy Battfield bad company 2 
Damit I just finished my rockstar and i think i need another 
Jamming out to the Soundtrack list now and its on Urban Cowboy wonder what's Next 
Time for a break ................... 
Hmmm some ice cream or a milkshake sounds good right now cause they were out of oatmeal 
Shaaazaaam 
Still not a pancake person waffles are better 
How many people leave the manufacture warning stickers on their car visors ??????????? 
So what to do today , guess i can go to the movies by myself today .... maybe go see Tron 
Hey y does it still feel like my weekend 
People who linger around piss me off , but the again why do i care 
Worker bees everyday 
I wonder if its snowing bad in Swantown 
Who has friends in low places 
Eating some crab from home for a midnight snack 
Whoa just another day 
Jamming out to some Dirty South Lil Weezy right now 
I think its time for some more Unnecessary Censorship 
Just had a asian massage most excellant 
It is time for moore unnecesary censorship 
People say I look like < PROPMALE > Adams ???? 
Man < PROPMALE > got me good while i was half asleep 
Only reason the eagles are winning this year has to do with one player and one player only and if he was still in Atlanta the would be 14 n 0 not 12 n 2 and u remember that Nate , n ps The Giants are going to win today just like the Knicks 
Im a night owel once again 
I just woke up from a nightmare ,... the cowboys and lakers were champions but the i realized it was just a dream and those never come true 
Mmmmm Turkey Sandwich's just delicious 
Feel like going to a movie after work 
Just left the jungle 
is it going to rain sulfer and a there ba a swarm of locust and flies coming cause im cleaning house ??????????????????? 
At 54 for seths bday 
Well 54 aint no < PROPFEMALE > vu or crazy horse but good dancing 
I wonder is the world ready for another AllAmericanGirlsProfessionalBaseballLeague I mean we have how many CSI's , Survivor , Americon Idol , and reality tv show's why not another league to watch take it small only 32 teams that would work 
\the Foutain of < PROPFIRST > is Prohibidado \"" 
There are three queens looking for < PROPMALE > 
Still practicing my Tuvan Throat Singing getting a little bit better almost got the basic harmonics down but my throat does hurt 
Tommorrowww isssss Friiiiiidaaaaayyyy 
What is the worst fear to realize ? ................... i . still dont know yet ........... but midgets are second on my list 
A case of fraud or identity theft happens every 2 minutes an i know one of todays victims 
Christmas in december wow , wow , wow , someone give me presents now now now 
Thinking about buying a prius i dont care if it looks like a big vagina ill rock that shit 
\I LIKE TO SNATCH KISSES AND VICE VERSA \"- Anonymous " 
the status of today is \What's the differance between a Rabbi and a Catholic Priest is one Snips them and one Suck's them\ " common its a joke laugh " 
I am always awake when people are asleep and asleep when people are awake and its almost that time 
Guess I could go be a seat filler at the GC today , Im not a fan of the tribal Goverment system its a slap to the whole Dreocratic process , I mean the greeks ment the \rule of the people\ " to be used to better their lives as a society not to boost the wealth of a few and those who are undeserved who do not work to promote the science of economics . but who cares big percaps for all hell ill vote for the lazy today " 
So why doesn't the tribe have a sound financial plan , yes they have credit but it seems to small , i think building it into a bank would be better and a way to boost growth in our community , it be cool Yakama Nation Bank of Savings and < PROPFEMALE > 
So i was a gc for about four hours being a seat filler and they never even voted once even after their quarm was met 
Needed a break so watching Granger Girls play 
Wingz , Miller time , and family guy trillogy 
why don't i just join friendster just to check it out like FUBAR.com 
So here's a wierd Idea why does'nt Trojan just make a $40 condom with a liquid cialis in it you know people would buy it 
If your friend breaks up with a girl how long is she off limits ? 
I miss Saturday mourning cartoons 
Fuck You if you don't like Donuts , Theyre delicious 
What the hell is this , why is everyone a god dam seahawks fan now ..... where were you in the begining ...... huh ..... huh ..... that's what I thought ....... 
Man you know your ugly if you have hair from your Knuckels to your nipples .... you know who you are ...... 
God its been a tough 18 days or so without a smoke ...... I thought I escaped the shakes but everyone has to look so happy while they smoke only 347 days 14 hours 25 minutes and 8 seconds left 
Well I guess today is as good as any other to get back on my P90X been puting it off for awhile but it will keep my mind off smoking even more for at least 3 months the only hard part is geting on the scale to see how much I need to loose not how much I want 
\Blind Girls Never See You Coming \"" 
I feel like making clam chowder again ..................... 
Okay so I was talking to my wife and she was wondering why so many of her friends think she's blonde and we got off that subject and I commented that in 43 years will have been married 50 years and she will be in her 70's then she said shut up I will only be in my 60's lol and she wonders why people think she's blonde 
Was playing the old school doom game earlier thinks i might have to put that on my phone I forgot how addictive them old school games can be like menstrual mrs. packman 
Granger 17 La Salle 20 with 3 < PROPFEMALE > left in the 2nd 
Granger 23 La Salle 25 at the half 
Granger 52 La Salle 54 was a good game 
So if you never open a jar of mayonaise and keep it in a cool dry place it will never go bad 
So is it wierd if you are on facebook and watch The Social Network at the same time ? 
Why must she < PROPMALE > the Cat ? lol 
The Game is on Moe the Game is on like Donke\ 
y Kong 
Why is it hard for men to make eye contact ? \ 
\ 
Tits don't have eyes 
Men have testicals , Women have Chesticals\ 
Women have Boobs , Men have Moobs\ 
Men do Manscapeing , Women get the waxing 
Masterbation is not bad\ 
Its something you can call your own or if you get caught by someone its something you share with them\ 
It never takes more then yourself\ 
you can do it anywere and at anytime 
OKay so Ive had one or five beers last night but feel good cause Im watching X files and folding cloths for my birthday so far lol 
Thanks for all the happy birthday's everyone :) 
Watching Back to the Future , classic line \Take your damn Hands off her \"" 
I hated cigarettes till I seen my first no smoking sign 
\Stuff your sorry's in a sack\ " I guess that's a saying " 
I think its time for a second civil war 
Watching V.I. Warshawski havnt watched it in a while n its 20 years old 
What would be the causes of a second civil war ? \ 
1 . Imigration \ 
2 . The Deficit\ 
3 . The massive amounts of civil rights lost to the \Patriot Act\ " \ 
Ghost ride the whip , ghost ryde da whip 
Need some fuckinBreakfest , maybe an egg o ' mooby muffin 
Feel like crap was fine all day just a fever eat some food for dinner and throw up two seconds later god i really do feel like hammerd shit now 
Still feel like shit but i am going to drag my ass to work today , fook 
\You need to sit your little sexxy ass down \"" 
Lunch Time guess i will have cervezas and Carne Asada for lunch 
Fuck i forgot my license expired this year lol i get to go to the DMV tomorrow where everyones in a good mood 
What is your favorite swear word ? 
If your full of shit your eyes be brown thank god mine are < PROPFEMALE > 
I still dont know how a women can sit for hours pulling hair out by the root from their face and pour hot wax over their body and rip out their hair again by the root but still jump when they see a mouse or spider 
Uh ohh < PROPFEMALE > sighting in Toppenish 
Fak listing to the scanner to hear anything about the wild fire but hear a crazy white boy with a knife near skateland and then someone got poped at a bestwestern on fruitvale crazy night 
She look as good as a bacon and egg sandwich 
I had the most beautiful dream last night i was in a hot tub with an endless supply of hot wings , beer with < PROPFEMALE > Fox dressed as a maid and the porn < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > barbequeing a bunch of baby backs naked 
SO just Today people like VD so the rest of the year the hate it but today its okay 
Well its VD day and there is nothing like a big hot bubble bath , a box of wine , scented candles , < PROPFEMALE > oil bath beeds , an alofa , three blindfolds , a crock pot of melted chocolete , some rubber ducks , a couple bean bag chairs and < PROPMALE > Vand < PROPFEMALE > playing to get you going every day but can't do that today cause its VD day 
So the wifey actually got me something for VD . Guess wat it is ? 
You know your a big old Prude if you Never Gone Ass to Mouth 
Fell like I need a back rub and a beer 
\I got Dibs on TOP \"" 
Why is it you always have that one comfterble pair of socks ? 
Im in the wrong god dam buisness , peeps especialy them womens be paying 500 for some < PROPFIRST > Choo bedazled payless shoes and 300 for some bedazled flip flops , and dudes is paying 1100 for some Prada Cowboy boots , Im gonna start my own clothing buisness mens clothing called Dirty Dogz and womens called Silly Hoe's then be selling hair called Roots ide be an overnight billionaire 
Okay why do people think its okay to smoke Salvia its stupid its worse then weed , it not only kills your brain cells faster , it aids in the growth of cancer cells , in the brain and lungs , it damages the lungs and brochiol tubes and pathways due to it being a synthentic drug even though they don't list it cause they say it natural but its not its main ingridiant is JWH-018 which can cause Psychosis which is perminent 
Radio who needs a radio you ready < PROPMALE > Mock yeah 
The most electrafying man in wrestling is back the people champ , and I know its still funny that he started his acting started by doing a cameo of his father in that 70's show lol 
Skies huh ? They your's ? Both of them ? 
God dam I feel like walking around outside with just my socks on cause its so warm well to me at least 
Fuck I was down in the cellar fixing a pipe and had a couple of mice crawling on me and didn't even know it until I got up and did'nt realize i laid on their nest and killed there babies oh well 
It feels good to have running water again 
I feel good Big Orange won today over the hoyas today 
I still dont see what the problem with saying \move it sugar tits\ " when a girls in your way but i guess its mean cause thats what eveyone kept saying " 
Time to jump on the well greased up machine in the front room so i can get a sweat going 
Sucking on some mellon juice mmmm 
Kill Zone 3 let the action begin people dont really play the game till after some online play 
I think someone needs a hug around the ass 
80's-peeps wanted to be like the breakfeast club 90's-peeps wanted to be like the cant hardly wait , 2000's peeps wanted to be american pie , 2010's peeps want to be < PROPFIRST > beiber n fucking twilight wtf is going on these days 
U want 2 spoon 
Do i feel sexy today 
Swinging a chain swinging a chain , ahh shirt ripper 
A rub , a tug , and a t bag for a finisher 
\I fake chowed a DJ's mom last night \"" 
Im at the most friendliest place on earth the Department of Motor Vehicles jesus who applies for this job willingly ive been here 10 < PROPFEMALE > just to get a number while some lady is arguing in spanish 
You know what beer taste the best free beer 
Will they ever remake Krush Groove 
Mmmm got them ribs on the grill with the baked beans got the greens all warmed up and mash potatoes is almost done mmmmmm lips are smaking already 
Do women realize that the bad girls club is a staged reality show it is in no way reality , its just like survivor all fake but intresting , lol 
If you have to ask , then do you really have a bestie ? 
If porn is such an evil thing that no one decint likes acording to some fuck from a church on tv then why does it produce more money then march of dimes , breast cancer research and < PROPFEMALE > for planned parent hood combined hmmm .... one product that makes three billion dollars a year 
i miss you like the desart misses the rain god that dream is buging the hell outta me 
What ............ do .............. i .............. do ............ now ................ i ............... can't ................. think .............. of ......................... anything .................................. sucks ...... 
Just enough rum for two pina coladas n a round of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on the okee machine 
As i was walking up the stairs , \ 
I seen a man who wasnt there , \ 
He wasnt there again today\ 
I wish , i wish , he'd go away 
Lol theirs a couple behinde me talking about having sex in a theater its hard not to hear when theres only people in a theater 
You wanna see somthing funny watch a poro in reverse that way you see the hooker give the money back 
Fuck You and you know who you are 
Fade to Black 
Almost ........ blnt 
Should get in the hot tub cloths optional 
Carne asada , spanish rice n some pozole for later just like Campbles soup its mmm ... mmmm .. mmm ... good 
Hmmm good dinner now its time for desert im thinking whipcream hot chocolate some maraschino cherries ice cream n strawberrys 
Hmm I got's a half bottle of rum some miller light and half the night left mmm mmm mmm ..... but where to start ? 
Wow Im so full of energy right now feel Like I have adrenaline runnig through my system 
Why is the rum gone/ ;>/ but atleast i have the 1/4 bottle of < PROPFEMALE > left i forgot about and oh looky looky a corona and sex-tenth of ale named < PROPFIRST > adams 
They say crazy in the head crazy in bed so how many people are psycho out there 
Oh man back playing bejulie again ahote ahote ahote 
Wow just gave my lovley wife a 45 minute lotion rub down and didnt even get a thank you :( 
Me n the wife are crazy in the head 
I think im going to make some waffles cook some bacon and drink some coffee when everyone is gone maybe a late breakfeast round 9 maybe 10 but in the nude 
Thinks its that time to change all my phone book ringtones and text alert tones dont know who gets what tone though ????????? 
Was a good monday got some chores done scratched sum things off the list in an asian mode now going to fry some rice 
Just like Campbells Soup you were mmm ... mmm ... mmm .. Good 
My women just seen a dude just bite the dust the this guy is down for the count cause down goes Fraizure 
I didnt get my monday afternoon nap today but oh well busy < PROPFEMALE>'s are the best drones 
Trying to think of all the derogatory terms for vagina trying to make a list 
makes me wonder are there people out there that are true socipaths but don't know it , I mean could I get you to disbalieve your family , your best friends , maybe your spouse , with just words only if I was one , coule you ? could I make you do something you don't want to do ? Are the lies you speak actually lies or are they the truth ? just food for thought ? 
Q : You know the best thing to put behind a women's ears ? \ 
A : Her ankles 
I am a working class hero 
They call me < PROPFIRST > Sprat 
I just seen zoey at work n she's still surveillance at heart 
Wondering if hookers/escorts pay taxes and do they get unemployment and medacaide 
my hands are all pummised guess I can give her , a hot lotion massage now ;p 
Is it time for another sexy party 
Fuck the Big Orange Lost god damit oh well have to wait till next year to see what happens 
My beer keeps stairing me in the eyes 
watching some movies above the rim , juice , new < PROPFIRST > city , and bouts to start on the gangster movies the godfather 1 , 2 , 3 and casino then goodfellas maybe once upon a time in < PROPFEMALE > or mean streets idk yet ? 
Hmm the Wizards will be playing the Heat when were in D.C. sounds like a plan 
Im here forced to listen to this stupid show bad girls club , Okay I still can't believe people think this is real , this show is as real as WWE I mean its 20 minutes of talk and then its 5 minutes of fighting then they start talking again 
I never ment to give you mushrooms girl , \ 
I never ment to bring you to my world , \ 
And now your in the corner crying , and its My Fault 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > went up the hill to have a little fun , \ 
Stupid < PROPFEMALE > forgot the pill , \ 
Now they have a son 
Who are these loose women , who wear slutty cloths and make sure their single for this weekend , look at that girl wore a body suit and hooker heels to a gym 
I feel like making a tye dye shirt 
16 hours and counting till take off 
7 hours 52 minutes left till take off Oh Yeah Im Out this piece for a week 
2 hours and 20 minutes left C ya when i c ya then laterz gnomies 
In sea town bouts to get on my flight to chitown then to dc but not all the Indians are in the canoe 
So what was all this rock chak talk 
Touchdown 
day 1 to walk around dc 
At Starbucks now for breakfeast 
It's nice here in dc at the smithsonian center have a week to look around so doing the long walk today congress to Arlington cemetery 
Pee for Houston , \ 
Pee for Austin , \ 
Pee for the State I lost my heart in , \ 
And Shake twice for Texas . 
Just watched my drink get f'd up by accident so that was the last of the mint leaves so I guess its a < PROPFEMALE > tonight 
Blah blah blah , sounds just like home 
I just got done seeing the < PROPFEMALE > spangled banner flag that will be two hundred years old in a couple of years 
Wow doing laundry in DC feels a little like being in Wapatoe 
In < PROPFEMALE > town eating some dim sum delicious 
Getting ready to board my five hour flight from Baltimore to Salt lake city I hate to leave DC it was a great vacation 
\A well organized few can topple the largest army-Adolf Hitler was in the Holocaust Museum in Dc odd they would have that on the wall but it was a display of Nazi Propaganda " 
I am home 
SO I am going to load the vacation photos today there is some but not a bunch 
I'm in love with a stripper 
Feel like going to Captain Spawldings Fried Chicken & Gasoline 
