nothing is on my mind 

hey classmates iam doing my saint report on padre pio wat u guys doing 
hey guys bad news my dog went missing for a whole day and iam so worried and sad 
yea my dog is back !!!!!!!! 
ya its at 12 
MODERN WARFARE TWO COMES OUT TOMORROW OMG SO EXCITED !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy new year all yuz ! 
i hate being sick and i have midterms tommrow 
going to a basketball game wish me luck 
we might have no school tommrow or maby even a 2 hour delay 
no school ^^ 
my best < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > my dog died today . =( 
School tommrow !!! Where did this Easter vacation go . 
gettn rdy to go to a monster mash i heard there great 
what's on your mind ? mkay 
i just luv school u learn things spend time with ur friends and u cant forget miss faith !!! 
Can this day and the day before get any better 
Schools out for the summmaa !!! 
book reports , when will it end ... 
Can't wait for school !!! 
....... MJ ........ 
Make like an Mj ..... And Beat it !! 
Is heading to the beach its my grams b-day wont be back till wensday ... c ya ...! MJ ! 
Back to school .. 
What's not on my mind ? < PROPMALE > !! 
I hate head colds 
Call of duty mid night release is going to be awsome ! 
HOT COCO SEASON ! WOOT 
Ok there is food in my cat's bowl . She meows for food so i go to her bowl and notice there is food in her bowl i have to pore food in the bowl overlaping the other food for her to eat it ! can any one give me a legitiment reason y cats are stupid ? 
has to go to school . 
If u like the steelers type I , if u do not like the steelers , u should type my team suks and i should start cheering for the steelers . j.k. 
FYI < PROPMALE>'s man hunt party is still at 6:00 . Mkay 
What time is b-bal practice tomorrow 
guys what time is basketball practice tonight ?? 
what time is b ball practice tommrow ???? anyone ?? 
Why not ? 
Todays game was , ok but a little too ... eventfull .. 
Poop steelers lost that's something u don't see often . Good job packers . Shame 
Jus to make sure our for the game tonight the v has to be there at 6 30 ? anyone 
Tell me . Why do things have to be so complicated ? 
mj is bac in the house 
I can't see , to get this song out of my head ! \ i want to hold your haaaand i want to hold your hand \"" 
all my lif i've been good but now whooa what the he [[ 
