Happy 2010 everyone . gotta work in a little while see some of yall sunday am 

Got my hair did . The purple has made its return . Since noone is here to make fun of it , i thought i would get a little crazy again . 
Why are the decisions that you know you have to make for the good of yourself and your family , so difficult ? 
Had a great week with the SMITE kids . Can't wait till next year . 
Going back to work today . :( . Don't really want to but we all gotta do things that we don't want to . 
You never realize how much someone has kept things sane till they are gone . 
I hate working nights . Gotta do it though . 
ok to my farmin friends , I really need more flowers please 
Please say an extra prayer for me , I have to go to Baytown for training tomorrow and Friday , so its gonna be a back and forth thing . Also there is a possibility that I may have an opportunity for another position that would be better hours , but less money 
Watchin The Notebook , got my kleenex handy ! 
2 yrs today my Dad died . Then on the 9th it will be 3 yrs for my mom . Wow I miss them so much . 
Watchin The Beatles with my kids . Its great 
Please pray for a young lady that I work with . She is 7 1/2 months pregnant and today I had to rush her to the hospital because she was starting to go into labor . She is hurting alot , and needs < PROPMALE > prayer that she can hold off until it is safe for her and the baby . 
Just a quick note to say how great GOD works . Went to try and help a friend change her flat tire , out of nowhere a man and his wife stop and the man helps us take it off AND waits for us to go get it fixed and then puts it back on for us . ( He waited about 30 < PROPFEMALE > at a gas station while we went to get the tire fixed . ) That's nothing but GOD's grace . 
Really don't want to go to work tonight . I hate working nights . Wish I could find just a day job ! 
Need lots of prayers , I am trying to get a different kind of insurance for the kids , because I cannot afford it through work anymore . Please pray that it goes through . We really neeed this . Thanks for all of yall who pray for us everynight , even for the little things . 
Start back school Friday . God willing I will have my Bachelors degree in March ! 
Watchin the ACLS . I love baseball . 
YAY Yankees ! 
Go YANKEES !!! To the world series ! Whoo Hoo !!!! 
UGH !! My outlook crashed and I lost all my mail , contacts , everything !!!!! I hate microsoft 
Watchin the Wizard of OZ . Love this movie !!!! Can't figure out what to wear Sunday . 
Trying to color my hair . Wish me luck , and nobody laugh at me tomorrow of it is ... well ... pink , but that would not be anything unusual . lol . 
This is to all of you CRAZY people that went shopping today !!!! What is wrong with ya'll . I saw some of you at Target , and believe me I would not have been there if I didn't have to . OH MY WORD !!! The people , they never stopped coming , I don't think anyone was at home today . WOW ! I am glad I am finally home . What a day ! 
Note to self ... NEVER NEVER AGAIN buy a gingerbread house to put together . I cant even keep my own home from falling apart much less a cookie one . 
What a great day . < PROPMALE > got baptized tonight . He's been saved for a while , but he decided that tonight was the night to continue with his obdience to GOD ! 
arent the great1 If i could work with mine i would lol ! 
What a great day . Wake up and .... No water . I love the City of Port < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just found out that we have to re do our sewer line . UGH !! We need lots pf prayers that the money for it will come through . I know GOD will provide , but it is still discouraging some times . 
Hey guys , I need some prayers for my neice , she is pregnant and is having some blood pressure problems both with her and the baby . They are debating on whether or not ot do an emergency c section . It is still really early for the baby to come . Thanks 
I Love < PROPMALE > Gump . Such a good movie . 
I have 2 thats right 2 weeks of school left . Then what am I gonna do ? 
My wish is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and UNDERSTANDING about the challenges they face ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this your statu ...... s for at least an hour .... Thanks ~ Pass it along ! 
Please pray for my friend < PROPFEMALE > and her family her dad passed away this evening 
Headed to work happy mothers day 
Iron man 2 is so awesome loved getting to go to the movies with my kids is priceless 
My baby received the BARNABAS award tonight i am so proud of her 
Watchin the best movie EVER !!! < PROPFEMALE > Wars ! Getting ready for work . =( One day I wont have to work weekends or nights anymore . What a great day that will be .! 
Ok this lady just saved like 120 dollars with coupons thats crazy 
getting ready to go to the lock in ! Pray that we will survive the night with the master club kids . 
Watchin the Notebook . Again , I love this movie ... 
says \Good night < PROPFEMALE > humans \"" 
I love Pretty Woman !!! 
I love toy story watchin part 2 at work 
Off to church then work till 4 am pray i can make it 
I hate having to get new tires it takes so long 
Am so grateful that I can catch the church services on the web on days like this when I have closed the night before , and wake up sick . 
A great and godly man went home to be with the LORD today . Very quickly and unexpected for his family . It makes me realize that we are wholly at HIS will . I am so thankful for my family even though I do not keep in touch like I should . NEVER take for granted that you will see someone you love tomorrow . . Please pray for his family that are left behind . I love and will miss you Uncle Dud . 
I hate waking up sick , now my day or whats left of it is not going to be nice . :( 
Going on 2 weeks with no air . UGH !! Its hot ! Oh well life goes on has to rant for a minute . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . I think this is the last one I will celebrate . 35 is a good year to do over and over again . 
Children with special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make\ 
a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status\ 
for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in \ 
honor of all children who learn a little differently 
Had so much fun at national night out cant wait till next year 
what a night . thats all i think i can say . what a night 
I really don't want to go to work tonight . 
ok so I am so not a Gleek , but I will be tonight . 
those RED lips . aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh 
late night double feature picture show ! 
lovin the cameos . 
is just a jump to the left ... 
Hi ho hi ho off to work i go 
Please put this on your status if you know \ 
someone , or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People \ 
need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken \ 
seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is \ 
still no known cure for stupidity & sympathy does not help , but we \ 
can raise awareness . 93% won't copy & paste this because they \ 
don't know how to copy & paste . 
to all my church family , I need some help . On Saturday my kids have practice for the Christmas play , unfortunately I have to work is there anyone who would be willing to come and get them at 9:30 am and then pick them up at 12:00 pm . Please , this is the only Saturday that I will have to miss . 
Thank you Ms. < PROPFEMALE > and Ms. < PROPFIRST > for offering to get my kids to play practice . They have a way to get there , but I am thankful that I know if I needed yall I can count on you both . Thanks so much . 
I really need to go to bed but I can't sleep . 
WOW how bout them ....... SAINTS !!!! 
Goin to bed finally . WHEW so tired . 
im so tired think im going to bed when i get home 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To \ 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your \ 
friends to do the same ! 
Its saturday people should be at home not shopping ugh 
How hard is it to find christmas shirts for kids i mean really 
The kids are in a Christmas play tomorrow night at < PROPFIRST > Verde Church in Groves at 6:00 p.m. If you can come it would be great . Even < PROPFEMALE > has a speaking part . You can also watch it on the church's website live . Please come if you can . 
Heart Surgery 
For all of you CRAZY people that were out shopping today . What is wrong with you ? You need medication . if I did not have to work today I would have been at home relaxing . WOW ! 
Packers playing on daddys birthday lets go pack and happy birthday daddy I miss u 
My old cell number is working again the new one doesn't work anymore 
It should not be this cold in Texas I , mean really 
Happy birthday to my wonderful , beautiful , amazing baby girl . I LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Really what is wrong with the packers . Im bout to start channeling < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in a minute ( family knows what I mean ) 
