you could get interesting ........ 

how did it happen this way ... 
baby , it's still raining let's go back to bed ... 
suggestions . 
ice cream sounds yummy but your too far away ! 
all i've ever wanted was to get outta this place ... as i pack away everything , i realize how much i'm gonna miss it . 
missing my best friend and lover ! 
Had the Best Birthday Ever . 
i dont know how many times you've said this , so grow up and drop me . it's obvious who i really want is it not ? 
hate the nights when you do anything to tire yourself but cant seem to fall asleep . 
\And I Love The Rainy Nights ... \"" 
missin my superman 
maybe someday we'll see the light . 
ouch !! just pierced my nose myself !! i likes it tho . 
Missin Mr. Barron . 
Missing My Cupcake ! 
love how there's not shit to do on a friday night in fort smith !! BLAHH !!! 
Working again , can't wait til I get off on Tuesday , headed home to see my Baby !!! 
So , Im feeling some wine tonight . 
Job interview this morning !! 
things will come together . 
the world around me seems to fade when i see your face . i love you more than anything mr. barron . can't wait to see you again . 
get to see my baby today !!! 
glad to have a job again !!! 
I'm Sorry I Can't Take Care Of You , Its My Turn . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALMOST succeed in burning the house down baking potatoes . :) 
I guess I always knew it was to good to be true . 
heading out for thanksgiving and my poor lil trucks frozen . yah ! 
It must be ESPN or something . 
as charming as you are , theres never gonna be trust . 
job hunting with < PROPFEMALE > , court , then off to work . yay . 
I wanna close my eyes and let the world pass me by . 
loves this new change !! it's finally happening . 
this may be a good thing . 
is the end near , or is this just a new beginning ? 
Who's here because of you ? 
can't help but feel it in my legs again , gotta fight this flight . 
wish i had i river i could skate away on . 
The day is new , and mines already made . I got to talk to the most awesome person god has created , i love you brother ! 
your here but still seem gone . 
The few words I get from you every few months keeps me going . you realize this is the longest we've been apart since you've walked this earth ? i hope you don't disappear for too long again ... 
going back to dread-locks . :D 
