My resolution ? To trust that all things come with time , let go of my past , and be happy . \ 
What's yours ? 

Just got back from crazy HOBY conference . Sorry , < PROPFIRST > , but I'm glad you were sick ! 
is posting too many pictures . 
is hating all the little emails from Facebook . They fill up an inbox really fast . 
thinks it's funny when you have fifteen mutual friends with someone and ... you kinda hate them . Also , when you have no clue who they are . 
wants to eat but cannot stop using this website . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > . On bread . Is God . 
has to yank self away from keyboard ... must ... log ... off ... 
Woke up like 5min ago ... I think I was dead ... 
God , when people say everything can change in the blink of an eye , they are so right . I almost dropped my phone into a pot of spaghetti when I heard that voicemail . I don't quite know what song to listen to now , and that's saying something . < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > :( 
I didn't delete that stupid message , because I figure I'll want to hear your voice . I'm such the typical teenager . :( I hate myself for that . 
is logging off . \I've got friends who will help me pull through . \ " I love you guys . " 
Cannot . Sleep . Emotional turmoil will do that . \ 
Doesn't \turmoil\ " sound like soup ? " 
Is it \contact\ " if I poke you on Facebook ? " 
Has a plushy thing called a < PROPFEMALE > Lion Tamarin . It's so cute , but it looks EVIL at night . 
Just saw Shutter Island . \ 
What . \ 
The . \ 
Hell . \ 
I think my brain is broken . 
Is quite put out about misplacing her Kingdom Hearts game . God , I'm such a freaking dork ! 
Wishes it was as easy as \I love lamp . \ " \ 
I'm past rational thought and just into blind pain . 
Taking driving test tomorrow ... only worried about the vision exam . I passed for my permit , why not this time ? 
So I just realized if you drop Tabasco on your skin ... It burns you . There's something emo and poetic in there , but my leg hurts too much to care . :( 
Is it weird that I'm writing about this ? \ 
Maybe I don't want to forget how this feels , so I don't let it happen again . \ 
I am messed up , big time . 
I shouLd be OVEr YOU . :( \ 
Damn caps lock makes me emo . 
I just flunked a driving test . I suck . 
Time passes over me and around me , but I feel like I've been lying on my back and not a single day has gone by . 
Ever notice when you get into a tub of hot water it burns all over for a second , and then if you have a new cut or something the pain goes straight there ? \ 
This is like that . 
I'm trying not to feel any way about him , to be a friend like he wants me to be . But so many different people are whispering in my ears telling me to go one way or the other , and I can't tell which voices are theirs and which are mine . 
Schlitts and Giggles = Pizza Jesus . XD 
Pepper Triscuits rock , but they burn . :( 
So you're happy , which means I should be happy , but I'm not . That's not right , is it ? 
No one says a word to me , they're concerned with my jealousy . Well , I guess that's how it's gotta be from now on . Time , it swallows everything , from the mighty to the meager thing . And it's as dark as it is comforting to play along . \ 
Well , what's been going on around here ? 
Heartbreak is frick'n great for my Doodle Jump playing- I've broken my high score twice since we've been over . \ 
One thing to water the happy plant with ? 
Did you know that half of all marriages end in divorce ? Did you know that the other half of all marriages end in death ? It's not very cheery , but there you go . 
I like being at my mom's , if only because I can pretend that this is my existence as it always has been . Things from home don't hurt as much because they never would have happened . 
You notice that the dentist tells you not to pick your teeth with any sharp metal object , and then you sit in his chair and he comes at you with a metal hook ? o_0 
It's okay to say you've got a weak spot ; you don't always have to be on top . It's better to be hated than love love loved for what you're not . I'm vulnerable ... I AM NOT A ROBOT ! ( IlovethatsongsomuchXD ) 
Is turning over a new leaf ... I don't actually like them , but I have accepted their friend request . Trying very hard to be a NICE PERSON . God , it hurts so much XD 
Everything looks perfect from far away . Maybe when I come home things will look different ? 
People are never what they seem to be , are they ? Seriously , everyone has been surprising me with how much they're willing to BE THERE , even if we were never great friends . 
You have to dance like a crazy person sometimes to learn about who you are . I feel better , almost light . :) happy happy joy joy 
Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans . 
There's a point in time , when you're a grammar Nazi like me , that someone will text you or e-mail you about something very serious , and your first thought will be , \What are the odds of me dying if I correct their spelling ? \ " \ 
It's fairly devastating when you realize that you thought you were okay , and then it starts hurting again . This needs to go away like NOW . I dislike wallowing in misery . 
Hates the jerks who put commercials in Iron Chef just when it gets interesting . I WANNA KNOW WHO WINS ! 
By laying in the sun for an hour every day ( with sunscreen ) I hope to NEVER hear how pale I am EVER AGAIN . That or I might dry myself out completely ? 
My dad has a Facebook ... The apocalypse is upon us ! O_O 
Do not drink from anything marked ' poison ' , it's almost certain to disagree with you sooner or later . 
Let's conspire to ignite all the souls that would die just to feel alive . 
ALL I WANT is A LITTLE of the GOOD LIFE . >:P 
If you'd ' a took to me like a gull takes to the wind , I'd ' a jumped from my tree ... And I'd ' a danced like the < PROPFEMALE > of the eyesores and the rest of our lives would ' a fared well . 
A woman needs a man as much as a fish needs a bicycle . 
Changing my earring out hurt like a crazy guy with an ax ... So worth it . 
Perfection can be perfect hell . 
Me = < PROPMALE > Balboa . DMV = Clubber < PROPFEMALE > . 
There's this guy who's been looking for the Loch Ness Monster since 1972 . I always wanted to believe in it , but in 2008 he did another expedition and said that Nessie was probably extinct due to global warming . \ 
That , for some reason , is THE single most depressing thing I've ever heard . 
If one thing could be made to unnaturally grow on trees for the good of society , OTHER THAN MONEY , what would that one thing be ? 
My life will one day be subtitled \The Ballad of the Ultimate Muffin . \ " Details upon request . " 
Give me back my point of view , ' cause I just can't think for you . 
I took the Polaroid down in my room ; I'm pretty sure you have a new girlfriend . It's not as if I don't like you , it just makes me sad whenever I see it . 
Guess who's employed ? ^o^ 
Me and Michael ... are friends . It's a dysfunctional friendship , but it's there . Which is good , I think . \ 
Just sayin ' . 
Haircut ... Pretty much botched . Not happy . :( 
Nothing and no one will ever make me let you down . 
' Anal-Retentive Love Poem'\ 
\ 
Roses are Red\ 
Violets are Blue\ 
Well , technically , < PROPFEMALE > s are < PROPFEMALE > , but ... \ 
Wait ... I messed up . Let me start over . 
Love isn't always beautiful , but that doesn't stop us from wanting it for ourselves . 
I've been sitting watching life pass from the sidelines , waiting for a dream to seep in through my blinds . I wonder what might happen if I left this all behind ... Would the wind be at my back ? Could I get you off my mind ? 
When you ask someone to repeat their order , why do they always seem to get QUIETER ? Hello , that is the OPPOSITE of what I wanted you to do . 
You know I'd walk a thousand < PROPMALE > if I could ... 
... I love singing , and I was so excited , but it's not worth it if that's going to happen . On the bright side , got my first paycheck . Yay . 
... we kept our friends at bay all summer long , treated the days as though they'd kill us if they could , to keep wintertime at bay . But December showed up anyway . 
I was happier then , with no mindset . 
If you already live in heaven , where do you go when you die ? 
You say I took the name in vain . Well , I don't even know the name ; and if I did , well , really , what's it to you ? 
Wants to get in the car and just go . \ 
Anyone along for the ride ? 
I shook the hand of time and I knew , that if I lived till I could no longer climb my stairs ... I just don't think I'll ever ... 
What do you get when you fall in love ? You only get lies and pain and sorrow . So at least until tomorrow , I'll never fall in love again . 
Went to Taco < PROPFEMALE > and Maxway with this guy from work who rode my bus in sixth grade and lives down my road . \ 
Fun , random , I'm happy right about now . :) 
Now I know I should recover , you're a bird of the summer ; I was wrong to try to capture you . 
I can't change any of it , so why let it get me down ? There's not much left to do but be happy . 
It's so important to love , no matter who or how . People seem to forget that . 
Last Exorcism ? HORRIBLE movie . The company , however , was quite nice . To be continued . 
Scientists say break-ups are actually harder on men , they just don't show it . \ 
Scientists are some funny jerks . :) 
I want people to love me , but I don't want to love anyone . That's pretty bad , isn't it . 
ATTN : CHS YEARBOOK ONLY : photos of possible shirts are up . Please look at them and vote on a favorite by liking it . Also leave me any comments you have . 
I love dinner . Just the concept that there should be food at the end of an extremely long day makes me want to sing someone's praises . :) 
Hey , music industry ? You wanna find another word to describe love besides \Whoa\ " in any of its spellings ? \ 
is overtaken by the odd urge to put that \no more tears\ " shampoo in my eye to see if it actually burns . \ 
I was so lost , but I'm back , and I finally know just where my heart belongs . 
It is distinctly not good that I find my pries t-t rainee Catechism teacher to be absolutely adorable . \ 
I'll be learning NOTHING in that class , I can see it now . * stares * 
If you like this I'll tell you my favorite memory of you ... brace yourself . 
Only two people besides < PROPFIRST > Sandler know all the words to \Dip Doodle . \ " And I heard it on my shuffle today and I just want to go back to then . " 
I believe firmly that everything you want can be achieved with time and effort . It's the waiting that blows . :( 
It is about time , isn't it ? 
Because we all can change , and once you open your eyes , you'll see that I'll do anything to make this right . 
Mud riding ? Fun as all hell . Glad I went . \ 
The soreness the day after ? ARRGH . \ 
:) 
It is a most elusive pencil . One wonders if I EVER shall find it . :) 
My past can't touch the hope I've got for tomorrow . 
It only takes three words : \as you wish \"." 
On the night of December 21 , 2012 , where would you want to be ? ... all I came up with was you . 
It's time for a serious lifestyle makeover . I don't like the way I'm living now , and you know how I love makeover shows . :) 
Yes , I got into a car accident . Yes , the car did flip over . Yes , it's completely totaled . \ 
No , I'm not retarded or disabled . No , I'm not dead . Just so everyone knows . And no , your life does not flash before your eyes . \ 
Want more details ? Talk to me . I'll be back at school soon . Pictures will be up eventually . \ 
Thank you for watching . You stay classy , San < PROPMALE > . 
My first kiss happened today , two years ago , and was possibly the most perfect thing ever to exist . Thanks to ... You know who you are . ;) \ 
And many more ... 
... I found an issue of YM from when < PROPMALE > from N'Sync hadn't come out of the closet . \ 
Ah , simpler times . 
Diversity ... is an old , old wooden ship . :) 
Don't it always seem to go that you don't know what you got till it's gone ? 
You know the holidays are coming up , I don't want to spend them alone . \ 
The memories of Christmastime with you will just kill me if I'm on my own . \ 
( every 11:11 , I still wish for you ) 
I went to my room , played that disc that you'd given me . You know I shut my eyes , I swear I could hear the sea . 
Jeep Wrangler : Call of Duty : Black Ops Edition . It's an odd paradox . \ 
If you're obsessed enough with COD to want to purchase this , chances are , you have neither the money nor the employment opportunities to make it a reality . \ 
And if you do have the money , you are not going to want to spend the extra couple of grand to get a limited edition of something you've never heard of . \ 
Jeep , I don't see this panning out well . 
Uh , so , God . I'm not entirely sure how this works . But if you're up there , and you can hear me ... Just this once , please let me have the thing I want most . I don't know how I'll live otherwise . \ 
It's Christmas , after all . 
\Rock and roll comes out of your brain ! \ " \ 
So you ask me what I want this year , and I try to make this good and clear . Just a < PROPMALE > that maybe we'll find better days . \ 
So take these words and sing out loud , cause everyone is forgiven now . Tonight's the night the world begins again . 
Everything is empty , and everyone is so messed up . Preoccupied without you , I cannot live at all . My whole world surrounds you , I stumble and I crawl . \ 
There's oceans in between us but that's not very far . 
If I live forever or if I die tomorrow , I will never once have been ashamed of who I am . How many people can say the same ? 
I love this song ... and I love when amateurs sing the lyrics ... But I hate baseball cards . :3 
I may never get off this ride . I may never want to go back inside . 
is praying he'll be okay . Love you , PawPaw . :( 
It's sad that out of all the suckish things that happened tonight , the most upsetting one is that Spartacus : Blood and Sand may not have a second season . \ 
That will destroy my will to live completely . 
Rodents of unusual size ? ... I don't believe they exist . 
... Do you think one day I could come home ? 
Ocala is calling . 
You could have it all , my empire of dirt . 
It's tough working a nine-hour shift when you've got \Money for Nothing\ " stuck in your head the whole time . " 
You talk a good game , but I'm waiting to see what you can bring to the field . ( Oh God , I'm using sports metaphors . Help . ) 
I was cool with the cold weather till I went to take a bath and found out ... The pipes were frozen . 
Give thanks if your name doesn't rhyme with anything embarrassing . Some people just aren't so lucky ... 
If you fall , you can sit there and wallow , or you can get up and keep walking to where you wanted to be in the first place . 
Well that's just fine , that's just one of my names . \ 
Don't let the days go by . 
Has given blood for the first time today . If you know me , you know I fear blood , but I did it ! \ 
On the downside ; I'm so awesome they had to stick me in both arms . Whoo . :P 
And it's too late for a soliloquy , way too late for dignity . \ 
It's time now for apologies . 
Every step I take is the wrong one . Every move I make loses me the game . I'm tired of trying to fit a square < PROPFEMALE > into a round hole . I'm more tired of being the < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
There's only so long I can take being down and out . 
She's got a lot of pretty pretty boys that she calls friends ... 
There is something being made in my kitchen that uses enough onions that my eyes are leaking all the way in my bedroom . With the door closed . Damn . 
50 Cent needs to have a daughter and name her < PROPFEMALE > . Just sayin ' . 
Sometimes , when I say \Hillshire 
I want to be the girl with the most cake . \ 
He only loves these things because he loves to see them break . \ 
I fake it so real I am beyond fake . \ 
And someday you will ache like I ache . 
People say it's not about how high a bird flies , but about the song it sings . \ 
Hello ? What does that make a penguin ? 
You know that feeling when you put something important in a Very Safe Place and then you never find it again ...? \ 
I really hate that . 
Is addicted to those Starbucks cake pops . It's cake ... on a stick . Seriously ? 
Nothing feels like home , you're a thousand < PROPMALE > away . 
I just got home and already I want to escape my real life again . It hurts too much . 
The peanut bugs are back again . Spring , then summer . It won't be long . 
I won't settle for anything less than everything I want . If it takes a week , a year , the rest of my life- I will never accept something I know cannot make me happy . 
Interior crocodile alligator , I drive a Chevrolet movie theater . :) 
I'm happy , conventional definition of \going well\ " be damned . " 
resides in the Box of Shame . 
< PROPMALE > McLean : American Pie : One Side , \Vincent\ " . \ 
When you get the < PROPMALE > , will you choose to be someone's hero ? 
It's like you can do anything if you trust the person holding you up won't let you fall . 
Dechire , je suis une femme partage . Dechire , entre l'hommes j'aime , entre l'hommes qui m'aiment . 
Keep calm , and < PROPFEMALE > on . 
Front seat ? Back seat ? Sweetie , you're going wherever you're going anyway . Just pick one and SIT DOWN because we're holding up traffic ! 
Sitting in the parking lot at work ... Yeah , you think you can come in at six and survive , but you forget you have to get up at five . Kill me . If this shift doesn't , anyway . 
If I make it through tonight , then I will mend my ways and walk the straight path till the end of my days . 
No ... you keep your hopes up high and your head up higher , because everyone else will try to push it down . 
Someday we'll all be apart , spread across the state , the country , the world . Will anything now mean something to you ? \ 
Make every moment of what's left of this year mean everything , because we don't have forever and time goes all too fast ... 
Anyone who is in De Prins's French II , I need the information for the country project like BAD ... Text me or message me please ! 
Give me a year or two , and I'll mend my ways and see these mistakes . When I see the truth , darling trust me , when I can see ; I'll be coming back . I'll be coming back . 
I'll be your April Fool ... What's one more day of the same ? 
Dear God , make me a bird ... 
Today was the worst day since yesterday . Surprisingly , I'm very pleased by this . \ 
Ah summer , can't wait . 
I can be alone , yeah I can watch a sunrise on my own , I can be alone . 
