i still have a stomach ache from last night ... i think it was the macedamias ... 

the broseph got hit with the flu stick , and i have a really bad stomach ache > < 
Just saw < PROPMALE > Potter and The Half Blood < PROPMALE > i got really emotional when the Death Eaters destroyed the hall and when they torched hagrids house and so on ... 8/10 stars imo , but the read was better 
somebody tell me why the < PROPMALE > brothers are so popular ? it's mind-boggling since their music sucks ass ... 
i feel like chinese ... mmm ... smg is tasty ... 
just got home from teh opera ... i'm extremely embarrased because i was a dog and had to run around like a pany with a feather duster ... oh well 
so i got a really creepy screamer the other night and now ima scared of my own shadow D: 
HERE I AM ROCK YOU LIKE A HURRICANE 
Answer this ... Which came first , the chicken or the egg ? 
if a tree falls in the < PROPMALE > , and noone is there to hear it , does it make a sound ? 
ate 4 12-OZ steaks in 10 < PROPFEMALE > BOOYA 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > chameleon you come and go you come and go love would be easy if your colors were like my dreams ; red gold and green , red gold and green Culture club , fools 
What is love ? Baby don't hurt me ... don't hurt me ... don't hurt me .. no more ... What is love !? 
jeez i hate church 
a question to all you folks out there , why is faith good ? 
When you're feelin ' love's unfair , You just ask the lonely - When you're lost in deep despair , You just ask the lonely- Journey , ask the lonely 
i put 50 pounds on my leg presses today- i'm now pressing 315 :D 
close your eyes and see ... when there ain't no light ... all you'll ever be , come and say goodnight , when the morning light comes , it doesn't seem to say an awful lot to me ... -Gorillaz 
NSNSNSNSNSNSNSNSNS 
got back from ren fest with mah dragon . Lots of people-watching there 
quick question , does mikayla poole have a BF ? 
so , i heard you like MUDKIPZ 
shoot me ... shoot me ... shoot me ... shoot me ...... here come old flat top he come ... groovin up slowly he got ... joo joo eyeballs he one ... holy roller he got ... hair down to his knee ... got to be a joker he just do what he please ... shoot me ... shoot me ... shoot me ... shoot me ... he wear no shoeshine he got ... toejam football he got ... monkey fingers he shoot ... coca-cola he say ... to be continued ... 
I JUST GOT AN AUTOGRAPH FROM < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
everybody's got something to hide except for me and my monkey ... 
noobs with leet hax roflmao 
does Kalan have a facebook ? i need to contact him but i cant > < 
the concert was AWSOME times like ... 50 they heard me singing too , they had the spotlights on me a lot ... 
im listening to The Beatles cuz they're awsome 
HMS Penifore was the awsome 
DON'T YOU KNOW ITS GONNA BE shooby-doo alriiiiiiight DON'T YOU KNOW ITS GONNA BE 
holy shit , i didn't know < PROPMALE > was atheist 
guys join the KC Tribe , its a women's tackle football group i'm dedicated to make female tackle football a household sport instead of a sport nobody watches ... 
38-39 MU victory no bowls for KU , then HA 
i just finished my book report for the SECOND TIME 
i now have an idol in the NFL , and it would be < PROPFIRST > Oher ... 
< PROPFIRST > and jaylin are gonna have a few aches in the general area of their faces if they touch me ... 
i saw chancelor at a target like an hour ago 
whoever just asked me to join that keep christ in christmas thing is a total idiot ... don't ever send me anything that has to do with a bunch of jesus freaks trying to change the world , kapeesh ? 
i hate ignorant zealots that try to argue with me ... 
I am having a hormonal rush at the moment , i want to kick a baby in the face for absolutely , positively NO REASON 
so , guess who i saw just 30 minutes ago ? 
just got home from my ' lil cousin's dancing concert , and guess who i saw ... 
WHERE THE HELL IS EVERYBODY ? 
I need to let off some steam , can some1 argue with me about the theory of evolution via messages ? danke shaane 
two words for Avatar ... Holy . Shit . 
finished watching religulous for the second time ... t'was awsome 
guys , take a wild guess at who was born december 25 ? ( P.S. , jesus was born 12 days from now ) 
woke up about an hour ago , started getting angry , so i took a shower and came downstairs ... merry f'ing christmas 
whats this whole ' who's faunking ' shit , man ? it's ' funky ' not ' faunking ' , get it straight ... and i would know ... i know MY funky ... very well ... 
I GOT A MOTHERTRUCKING FRUM SET FOR CHRISTMAS ... and it's awesome 
i am bored end 
legs ... so sore ... from ... leg presses ... ohhh .... 
mmm gonna get 7/7 ICC today and tomorrow night , peace my fellow WoWheads 
scholar bowl is gonna suck eggs this year 
i just got a great idea for a theory , i'm gonna call it the theory of generational variation , it means that , to achieve a different number of species , a certain amount of the original species must be achieved in order to keep the population growing without any inbreeding , i'll use it to counter the ark thoery of 2 animals branching off to make many of the same animal 
roally pissed , we lost in scholar bowl ... 
D: 
i is feel lonely 
just looked up that < PROPFIRST > beiber guy and he sucks worse than all of the other fools who think they can make music -.-' 
Guys , i have made a list of my plans and back-ups . A ) Attend < PROPMALE > University , obtain degree in Animal Science . B ) Attend Army University , obtain degree in Battle Engineering OR Battle Medicine , Join army for the remainder of my life ( or until discharged ) . C ) Attend M.U. , obtain degree in Musicology , form a Rock band . D ) Attend Army University , obtain degree in Ballistics , join army as Weapons Tester . 
I'm about to go apeshit on somebody's ass if i can't find my knife soon 
D: mah hart got brokededed 
I hate social networking ... but ' tis a necessary evil ... 
In the words of the everlasting < PROPFIRST > Shears in ' With a Little Help from my Friends ' , \ ... How do I feel by the end of the day \ 
I CALL UPON < PROPMALE > PEART AND THE GODS OF DRUMMING FOR A MOST SPECTACULAR THRASHING THIS EVENING 
Once I < PROPFEMALE > above the noise and confusion , just to get a glimpse of what's beyond this illusion ... I was soaring ever higher , but I flew too high ... Though My eyes could see I still was a blind man , Though my mind could think I still was a madman ... I hear the voices when I'm dreaming ; I can hear them say ... 
So ... who else likes Blue Oyster Cult ? If you don't know who they are , look up ( don't fear ) the reaper 
aight , i give you lyrics , you give me the song ... what is the following ? There's something wrong with the world today , I don't know what it is ... Something's wrong with our eyes ... We're seeing things in a different way , and god knows it ain't his ... It sure ain't no surprise ... YA !!! 
Just played a game that changed my view on relationships ... look up ' Loved ' on Newgrounds ... and while you're there , look at some < PROPMALE > or flash videos 
\The loudest sound i've ever heard is the silence \"- Anonymous " 
there's gonna be some big boom tomorrow at my house 
\The greatest problem with being smart is that you think too much \"- Coach < PROPFIRST > " 
What you say about his company is what you say about society ... cath the mist , cath the myth , catch the mystery , catch the drift ...... 
Old Godzilla was hopping around , \ 
Tokyo City like a big playground , \ 
when suddenly Batman burst from the shade , \ 
and hit Godzilla with a Batgrenade , \ 
Godzilla got pissed and began to attack , \ 
but didn't expect to be blocked by Shaq , \ 
who proceeded to open up a can of Shaq Fu ... 
Buy it , use it , break it , fix it , \ 
Trash it , change it , mail , upgrade it , \ 
Charge it , point it , zoom it , press it , \ 
Snap it , work it , quick erase it , \ 
Write it , cut it , paste it , save it , \ 
Load it , check it , quick rewrite it ... 
You guys don't have too much fun blowing stuff up , I don't want to hear about somebody blowing themselves up . 
Go to Youtube and subscribe to Sirdrummerdude ... i would greatly appreciate it . I'm posting my first video on youtube tonight , so go check it out later 
guys , i'm taking music suggestions for my videos ... if you have any songs you'd like me and the bro to play , please leave a comment below ... danke shaane 
guys ... quick question ; should I buy a Zildjian Z 16 in . Rock Crash or a Sabian AAXplosion 16 in . Crash ? 
gonna watch through the Wormhole ... My creationist friends , go watch it as well channel 23 ... it's about the origin of life 
Before I go to what the Aboriginees call the DreamTime , I ask of you one more thing ... Do I buy < PROPFEMALE > drums to emulate KISS or DW drums in order to sound like < PROPMALE > Peart's awsomeness ? 
Getting < PROPMALE > Peart sig . DRUMSTICKS ! WOOT 
I can't freakin ' believe it ... all of my videos won't download ... 
guys GO SUBSCRIBE TO SirDrummerDude ON YOUTUBE RIGHT NOW ... or I WILL find you ... 
If there are any fellow non-theists out there , please go to atheistnexus.com and sign up ASAP 
I swear , theists royally piss me off ... not that anybody cares , since i'm the only agnostic-atheist . But I wanted to get that off of my chest 
I swear < PROPMALE > ryun and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > really piss me off . I HATE JESUSFREAKS 
Just got back from Bartle with mah brave :D 
RAZORBURN ON MY FACE 
So ... the brother , my grandma and I went to see dinner for shmucks ... HILARIOUS 
getting my nerd on big time tonight . Competeing for KROSAN GRIP ... let's hope that I don't get roflpwned by the turbo-nerds ... 
Gonna grab a < PROPMALE > Peart Paragon cymbal next ... $215 for the 16 in ., $249 for the 18 ... which do I get ? 
Got myself $1000 dollars of drum stuff , when I get it I'll show it to you guys 
just got me a DW Edge snare ... gonna put up pics later 
got my new photos up- go check ' em out 
Interesting how the bigeest shit talker on our team still thinks he's good after the coach called him out on it ... 
I don't want to go back to my addiction , but it seems ever looming over my busy mind , and it seems that I may return to the cold , dark depths of what I used to be , and although I may try , I will inevitably return to the hellish , addicting whirlwind that is WoW . The pangs are growing stronger by the day , and I hope that you , my friends , will keep me away from those horrors . 
I know all of you guys out there know what it feels like to lose all of your progress on a game you've played for a long time . I hate that feeling 
I feel like an ant in a vast network of tunnels ... where do I start ? 
\I can't believe a stranger is a long awaited friend \"- < PROPMALE > Peart " 
One question . What the hell did i do ? 
Thank you guys for wishing me a happy birthday . it's really appreciated 
io'm bottling up all of my blasphemous energy for Rockhurst , and then i'm gonna lay it on those fools 
Negus , please ... 
there seems to be somebody for everybody but me 
\ ... And the nerds shall inherit the Earth\ " - < PROPMALE > Marple " 
Hope I get the boot off today 
GC has my cymbal ... \ 
WOOT 
This week , the snapbacks better be ready , because all-stars are gonna rock that cardinal killer 
I love watching science channel 
My name is < PROPMALE > . But it's spelled wrong because it's \I\ " before \ " E\ " except after \ " C\ " and sounding like \ " A\ " as in \ " Neighbor\ " and \ " Weigh \"" 
I LOVE JESUS !!! 
Why is it that whenever I set a goal , it just gets out of reach ? 
Don't you hate it when people say they have a cool gun and then you get to their house and it's a . 22 ? Yeah , I don't know what that's like , but i guess it sucks . 
If I could change the world ... well ... that would be pretty cool 
t( ^.^ t ) 
all your base are belong to us 
alright guys ... < PROPMALE > vs . Brown 
I hate the degenerate imbeciles that I attend the Raytown schools district with ... I wonder if one day Raytown won't be full of total nimrods and idiots , but the chances of that are about as good as anybody at our school being as smart as Sevant was ... 
My gluteous maximus is in great amounts of pain 
I'm not one to give profound statements , so I'll see you later 
uhn-ss uhn-ss uhn-ss 
Rift looks so amazing . Too bad i can't play it ... 
Being sick absolutely sucks ... especially when there's nothing to do 
SIBLING WAR !!! Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without your siblings protesting , it's so true ! 
SAT today ... 
I totally aced the English portion ... but idk about math 
GAHHH\ 
so many Rift advertisements ... it looks SO good 
\You're wonderin ' who i am ... \ 
NCAA wrestling torney on . \ 
Never thought i would see a one-legged black dude absolutely dominate a 2-legged white dude , but it happened 
Yeah . < PROPMALE > is number one in wrestling . Suck it , boise . 
< PROPMALE > wins 149 lbs ... 11-1 , no less 
saw a 1923 Walther PPK ( Nazi pistol ) , my grandpa has one\ 
it looks like new 
most chill saturday in my life 
TOO HOT 
