My first Sunday off since August ! Hooray weekend ! 

Annnnnnd the insomnia kicks in ... fantastic ... 
Randomly decided to get a Facebook ... 
Happy ( Belated ) New Year ! Any resolutions ? I know mine already : Drink more ! 21 in less than 6 months ! 
Workity work work work ... and more work ... ... fuuuuck 
Is it sad that I've probably gotten to the point where I can disassemble my AR-15 blindfolded ? 
Work , Show , Sleep . Work , Show , Sleep . Show , Sleep . School , Sleep . Fuuuun ... 
I know it's probably just plot device , but how unlucky must Batman be ? He's always there when his enemies become his enemies , Two-Face , Joker , etc . It's insane . 
Blargh ... why the hell am I still awake ? 
If it's illegal to drink and drive , why do they sell alcohol at gas stations ? 
Night shifts are crazy scary ... 
Woah ... I'm so tall I think I just gave myself a bout of vertigo by looking down ... what's the awesomness factor on that ? 
I have no idea what I did , but last Wednesday as I walked out of Davies Hall I did something to my knee . I can barely walk :( 
Apparently my knee has a ( I know I'm going to spell this wrong ) Menescal tear , in layman's terms I hyperextended my knee to the point that I caused a small tear ... weeeee 
Well I try but can't explain it . I say to much . Well , I feel so liberated ; it feels like love . 
I have the sudden crazy idea to have one last hurrah in summer and travel about Europe ... 
What the hell am I doin ' here ? 
I saved a baby today ... yeah ... I'm just that epic . 
Holy Crap ! Fresh Baked Banana Bread ?!?! I love me madre . 
It stopped raining right after I clocked off ... Not cool ... 
Blah blah blah , lipservice lipservice . 
Got distracted , just wrote a < PROPFEMALE > long essay on the Enlightenment , from a chapter I didn't read , in 15 minutes , and because my comp froze I missed the online deadline by 10 seconds ... FML Emailed professor , hope he understands ... 
I suddenly find myself wanting a nice glass of Red and a cigar ... 
I just saw something that saddened me to my core . I'm a history guy and a gun guy . I just saw a historic Polish pistol , captured and reissued by the Nazis ' during WW2 because ... well that's just what the Nazis ' did . And some jackass decided to take this beautiful , historic , AND Nazi marked pistol and chrome it and put fake < PROPFEMALE > grips on it ... 
I think I just came up with a cure to obesity ... We need us a good Zombocolypse . The fat and underprepared will run themselves thin or get eaten , and the next generation will remember and stay ready . LET'S DO THIS ! 
\Don't abandon me ... like your father did ! \ " \ " ... mom ... dad died of a heart attack . \ " \ " Out of spite ! \"" 
If your hand so much as touches iron , I swear by my flowery bonnet that I will drop you where you stand . -Cptn . Reynolds FIREFLY 
There's a < PROPFEMALE > that grows in No Mans Land , and it's wonderful to see , Though it's sprayed with tears it will live for years , in the garden of my memory ; It's the one red < PROPFEMALE > a soldier knows , it's the work of the Masters hand ! ' Neath the war's great curse , stands the Red Cross nurse ! She's the < PROPFEMALE > of No Mans Land ! 
Why is < PROPMALE>'s Inferno so damn awesome ? 
Totally skipping class tomorrow morning ... I am NOT smithing in the fuckin rain . 
is getting excited about the gunsmithing program . 
Nothing quite like mom bringing home cookies from work ... somehow they are so much better when cooked 30,000 ft above the ground . 
Tell my father , that his son didn't run or surrender . That I bore his name with pride as I tried to remember ; you are judged by what you do while passing through . As I rest ' neath fields of green , let him < PROPFEMALE > on your shoulder . Tell him how I spent my youth so the truth can grow older . Tell my father when you can , I died a man . ~ Civil War 
Am I an awful person for playing \Undercover Cop\ " with a random Corvette on the drive home ? " 
I'm wondering ... is it illegal to buy alcohol if you are under 21 ? Or just to possess it ? Cause I've got ideas ... 
What is up the French ? They make huge leaps and bounds in in weapons ... but they make them to damn complicated or use them to long . They were the first to introduce smokeless powder to the military , but they did so in a slow to load , no safety , cumbersome weapon that they used into and past WW1 ... they made it in 1886 ... 
God created all men . < PROPFIRST > Colt made them equal . 
THIS is your ass ... THIS is your muzzle ... NOW that you know your ass from your muzzle , the muzzle should be pointed downrange , no matter which way you ass is pointed . 
Bombed last night , and bombed the night before . Gonna be bombed tonight if we never get bombed anymore . When we're bombed , we're scared as we can be ! Can't stop the bombing sent from higher Germany . They're over us , they're over us , one shellhole for the four of us . Thank your lucky stars there are no more of us , ' cause one of use could fill it all alone . 
Son of a bitch ! ... I've got the krunk ... If you dunno , it's like the flu but 10 times worse ... I'm hacking up yellow ( not healthy I know ) sneezing myself to death , and will probably puke tomorrow morning ... I thought I got lucky when I worked at Lassen and missed it .... it's back with avengence how ever ... 
Oh god ... the krunk sucks ... I feel like I got a fever , and my head is stuffed up , I can't hear or breath through my nose , and last but not least I'm going to end up puking my guts out before school . 
Well ... I got a fever ... amd the only prescription is more cowbell ... Is it sad that I found that fucking hilarious this morning ? 
Well ... the fever is back ... after being gone most of the day , it's back to 101*F . Also learning that you only borrow food when you're ill ... 
Since I'm sick , I've had a lot of time to think about my life and ponder myself ... I've come to a few startling conclusions ... 
I apparently fall to peer pressure rather easily . http://www.formspring.me/RoaminGnome 
Just accidentally snorted coffee bean grounds ... am I gonna die ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , you sir are the worst kind of person , I hope you die . 
I just caught < PROPMALE > and Bigfoot kissing ... and I don't have a camera 
is completely thrown off by the sheer size of the list of the required guns for gunsmithing school . First year I only need 8-11 . Second Year Fall semester I need 34 ... and 43 for Spring ... I mean some can < PROPFEMALE > over but DAMN ! So yeah ... I'm putting out a call ... I'm gonna have to do a note I think . 
is gonna travel this summer , don't know where to ... Jamaica ? Europe ? Mexico ? ... yes to all three ? 
Hooray for a geography test right after spring break ! 
Everytime that I look in the mirror , all these lines on my face are getting clearer . The past is gone , it went by like dusk to < PROPFEMALE > . Isn't that the way , everybody's got their dues in life to pay . 
why is macaroni , tomato , and blue cheese so good together ? 
found a memory box in closet , got lost on Memory < PROPFIRST > ; Teared up at all the memories of Grandpa . But didn't actually cry until I found a letter from my dad , < PROPFIRST > Harding . It's too much man ... 
Homemade multi layer nachos ... my culinary skills suprise even me . 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task : I would love for all of my Facebook friends to comment below on how you met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be ! 
Curse you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Browning and your diabolical designs ! Meant to plague my thoughts and existence with the sheer awesometude that I'll never reach ! ... cheesy potato skins with bacon also rock my socks ... Curse you nevertheless ! 
Nothing quite like dancing around the kitchen like an idiot , cooking and singing along to my ipod . 
Huzzah for vanilla yogurt and strawberries ! 
Nice relaxing day off , played some Darksiders , got some stuff done , but mostly just relaxed 
The stoners next door have their couch on the sidewalk again , shirtless , soaking their feet in a baby pool and listening to loud ukulele music . I want their life . 
I like to cook a lot , but every now and again a frozen oven bake pizza is awesome . PS , lost 23lbs since semester started ! 
Eagles ! < PROPFEMALE > n eagles ! < PROPFEMALE > sings of her wings in the sky . Eagles ! < PROPFEMALE > n Eagles ! < PROPFEMALE>'s strong just as long as they fly . More bombers to attack with ! More bombers ' til the skies are black with Eagles ! < PROPFEMALE > n Eagles ! < PROPFEMALE > sings of her deeds in the sky . ~ Irving Berlin's This is the Army 
Haven't even started ... but I have an inkling I'm not going top like opening shifts ... 
I have school tomorrow morning , and yet I'm not asleep ... WHY am I not asleep ? 
Just saw something that I desperately want , but could not possibly afford as of now ... then there of course is the whole pain in the ass \transferring a machine gun\ " deal ... < PROPFIRST > Gun in British . 303 " 
Got a paper , a study guide , and a Google Earth thing for Geography , due in 9 hours ... got my Monster ... God help me . 
1/3 of Geography homework done , apparently the Amazon would be an awesome place to live at least according to my article ... onto the Google Earth ! 
2/3 done , now onto the wholly handwritten study guide ... fuuuuck ... monster is starting to wear off ... 
DONE ! I'm gonna go and cry myself to sleep .... 
Contemplating the legality of a Dummy Machine Gun ... all functioning , except it cannot chamber rounds without first being altered . 
Nothing says good night like a full strip , clean , and reassemble of an AR-15 . And as a wise man said , Average cost : $900 , Cost of bullet button : $10 , Seeing the look of outrage on anti-gun peoples faces when they see your legal M-16 copy : Priceless . 
The eastern world , it is explodin ; violence flarin ' , bullets loadin . You're old enough to kill , but not for votin ' . You don't beli < PROPFEMALE > in war , but whats that gun you're totin' ? And < PROPFEMALE > n the < PROPFIRST > River has bodies floatin . But ya tell me , over and over and over again my friend ; Ah you don't beli < PROPFEMALE > we're on the < PROPFEMALE > of destruction . ~ Barry McGuire 
10 days start now ! Then the TT-33 and 1914 Mauser shall be mine ! 
Just wanna know if you New Yorkians had a more hectic day today ... apparently someone failed to set off a car bomb in Times Square , it was a car packed with propane and other explosive stuff . 
has discovered the joy of buying something cheap , expecting what you payed for , and getting more . $100 for a . 32 parts pistol , turns out to be a 1914 Mauser made in WW1 for the Imperial < PROPMALE > Government ( with clear < PROPFIRST > ) , with essentially all parts ( minus disconnecter and a magazine ) and a fantastic bore ... good deal . 
Wow ... It has been calculated that in the last 3,500 years there has only been 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world . 
Just found my < PROPMALE > teacher from a semester ago , pondering if I should add her or not . 
So I'm on my way home from work , belting to the Beatles with my window rolled down ( you know ... the American Dream ) , and I pass this truck with all the windows rolled down . A little down the road we meet at a stoplight , every single person in the car was looking at me . I awkwardly raise a peace sign , they respond and drive off ... best trip home ever ! 
Do you think M&M's get mad when you eat their brethren ? 
Just found out that my cousins < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > would plop me in front of the Little Mermaid when they babysat me as a kid ... sometimes multiple times per ... it explains a lot huh ? 
There must be some kind of way out of here , said the joker to the thief , there's to much confusion , I can't get no relief ... 
Okay people ... the Arizona fiasco just got more idiotic ... LA is boycotting the state of Arizona . What is wrong with the law ? The people it targets ( illegal immigrants ) are commiting a crime , hence the ILLEGAL part ... Stay the fuck out of it California , Texas , etc . You're just mad because your citizens will actually expect you to do something about it now . 
The music ignites tonight with passionate fire ! 
FAL L1A1 ... you shall be mine ! I can rebuild you ! Stronger ! Faster ! Better than before ! 
is off ' til Thursday ... not exactly sure what to do with my new freedom ... 
Haha ! The TT-33 and Mauser are MINE ! 
According to historic evidence , Racism is a fairly recent idea . I mean like 1800 recent . It originally came about as Europeans and the US were grabbing for colonies and wanted scientific evidence to prove to the masses that the natives were inferior and make them feel better about it ... Bam . Racism ... 
Say ' Mazel Tov ' to bacon ! 
My geography book is eating me ! Help ! 
Off to my first Geography , God have mercy ... 
Wow the South Carolinan in me is certainly coming out right now , just finished a feast of a meal , and now I'm going to retire to the veranda and watch the world pass by with some sweet tea 
Come out ye black and tans ! Come out and fight me like a man ! Show your wife how you won medals down in Flanders . Tell her how the < PROPFIRST > made you run like hell away , from the green and lovely lanes of Killashandra ! 
You know what I don't get ? Germany officially apologized for the Holocaust , the US apologized for the internment of Japanese Americans , but Japan has yet ( to my knowledge ) to officially apologize for the atrocities commiting in Nanjing . That is worse than the US's and barely better than Germany's ... The hell Japan ? 
4 A's and 2 B's . Life is gooooood ... 
Mother fucker ... Thunder storm , and I've got a closing shift ... Tonight is gonna suck if it stays . * knock on wood * 
\Love is a homeless guy searching for treasure in the middle of the rain and finding a bag of gold coins and slowly finding out that they're all filled with chocolate and even though he's heartbroken he can't complain cause he was hungry in the first place . \ " ~ Bo Burnham \ " Love is ... \"" 
HaHA ! Take that you computer virus-y son of a bitch ! Well ... I'm gonna go cry myself to sleep now ... 
would quite probably kill for a smoke right about now ... 
is slowly realizing two things . 1 : 2nd degree burns hurt like a sum ' bitch , and 2 : getting used hurts just about as bad . 
Sometimes a day just calls for chilling with a < PROPMALE > , dicking around in GTA , and talking to eachother is Soviet accents for hours on end . \Oh no Comrade ! You have broken off the spinny bit on the helicopter ! \ " \ " The capitalists call it a rotor . \ " \ " Capitalist Pigs ! \"" 
If you \like\ " this status I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge . ? " 
Wow ... < PROPFIRST > Collins is a good movie . If you want to get a good idea of why Ireland was in a state of anarchy until just recently I recommend it . 
Ha ! Found a new racial slur I can take back ! It is actually meant to be more offensive than Mick and Paddy and even Coal-Cracker ! Fenian ( fin-ee-in) ! Term used to describe Catholics in Northern Ireland , often as a slur . \ 
\ 
Hey what do ya know ! I'm a fenian bastard ! 
You know what I kind of just realized ... Marijuana consumption and cultivation is going to be on the ballot this November , and passed for sure ( poll said 49% of registered voters would vote yes ) . Does this mean grocery stores will sell it , since it will be legal ? If so , can I volunteer to be THAT guy ? 
Kiss me I’m < PROPFEMALE > . I am the Wild Rover . My eyes they are smiling and I’m seldom sober . I like my whiskey and I love to dance . So if you’re feeling as lucky as me . Take a < PROPMALE > ; and kiss me I’m < PROPFEMALE > \ 
I’ve been a rogue and a rambler from ocean to sea . And I like a ‘bevy’ now and then , that I’ll never deny but I only drink on the days of the week that end with a ‘Y’ . I’m no saint I’m no sinner , of that there’s no doubt 
... I should go be a hermit ... 
Woah ! Started biking with a < PROPMALE > at 2AM , just got home , atleast 15 < PROPMALE > . Weirdly , I'm only sweating now that I stopped ... Gonna go hibernate now . 
Thanks all for the well wishes ! Certainly made the morning shift much easier to recover from ... 
Happy birthday indeed . New Ipod Touch 
Oh Pandora , you know me so well ... Started with Led Zeppelin , suggested Aerosmith , Guns & Roses , and now playing Jimi Hendrix ... 
has a wild , lucrative , and potentially illegal idea for a business . It will take a few years to get it off the ground , and extensive consulting with an attorney but I could see it being extremely successful ( assuming of course California allows ) . I may hit a few of you up in a while :D . 
Oh , Lord < PROPFIRST > Wotton\ 
Sir Thomas : \You must admit that women give men the very gold of their lives . \ " \ 
It was a good day , went out and shot with Giorgio ... first time in a while . 
Off ' til Sunday ! 
Picked up some of the last tools from Sears , got flirted with by some random women in the parking lot , and watched them subsequently get into a fender bender ... good day :D 
thinks that the 22 Magnum is the most unnecessary cartridge ever . Winchester ! Re-inventing the wheel since 1959 ! 
was just told at work , by the manager he is kinda cool with , that he got put on nights because he sucks at his job ( in a nutshell ) ... great morale booster . I'm gonna drink my troubles away . P.S. Fuck you too Safeway . 
Tomorrow is my last day at Safeway . I wonder how they would feel about an apron burning ? 
is leaving for Susanville , and a new step in life , in 5 days ! So say what needs to be said , do what needs to be done , and regret nothing ! 
Yesterday sucked so bad ! On my way to a \work experience\ " orientation ... Then a dorm meeting tonight at 6 . " 
Why does listening to \Ride of the Valkyries\ " make everything so much cooler ? " 
My first class project is insanely tedious , take a piece of round stock and make it into a perfect cube . Sounds simple right ? No . Using only hand tools it must be pefect within +/- . 003 inches . It is at . 740-ish right now ... 
The cube is finished , smallest part . 739 inches , largest . 741 inches . It is beautiful , smooth and shiny . 
Lathe work for the win ! Making myself a center and a threading project today ... hopefully I'll finish them . 
Finished the center yesterday , only barely got started on the threading project . Oh well , I got all of next week to finish them . I got a feeling I'll like these guys . \ 
Words heard most often around shop : \When the zombies invade ... \ " \ 
I really need to add the pics of the stuff I've done ... but I'm a little lazy/busy . Lathes are still fun ( until you blunt the bit and have to go regrind it ) . 
About to make my first piece on the mill . A little freaked out . 
Did some milling yesterday , if the lathe wasn't scary enough with its arm ripping ability of 2000 RPM . The mill is faster , bigger , and easier to fuck up on . It's easily 7.5 ' tall , and at least 6 ' wide with 4 levers controlling motion ( 1 for up/down , 2 for horizontal , and 1 for forward/back ) . A few more levers control < PROPFEMALE > , RPM , depth , etc . But ... IT'S SO FUN ! 
So yeah , I'm gonna be home this weekend if anybody wants to do something . Getting home late Friday , and not heading back ' til Monday afternoon . 
Now onto brass tacks , making a Remington 700 action wrench on the lathe ( and later the mill ) . It is tightened onto the action to allow the barrel to be removed while keeping the recoil lug in line with the action . \ 
On a side note : My douchey roomate got found out . It took so much effort not to do my \I-told-you-so\ " victo ... ry dance . " 
looks kind of like a coked out rockstar right now ... 
has made a life altering decision , need to talk to someone about it but I certainly see me doing it after my schooling is done . 
Wondering if I should go back to class , finished the projects due this week ; but I don't have the materials for next weeks yet ... so really nothing to do . Before you say \disassemble and clean a gun\ " I already did ... twice . " 
Leaving for home tomorrow after I finish my project or class ; whichever comes first 
wrapped his car around a tree last night at 6:47 PM on highway 32 while on his way home for the weekend . Came around a corner , looked at the clock for half a second , looked up when he heard the tire in gravel . Freaked out , overcompensated , and drove through 3 trees before stopping when he hit the fourth . CHP didn't receive call until 7:08 PM . 
is sick ... >_< 
is still sick . Finished Recoil Pad Installation this week , going into Metal Preparation and Caustic Bluing next week . Want to get or chamber something in . 404 < PROPFIRST > , then to Africa for me ! :D 
had an epiphany . People are idiots . They fiddle and twiddle away their lives towards what they view as normal , and never once think that there is more to life . A goal is rare , a purpose is rarer still . I'm tired of pandering to these cowards and their notions ... 
Bluing tanks for the win . Nothing quite like fucking around with Alkaline salts at over 250 degrees . 
I did sort of promise ... \ 
\Like\ " my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you while \ 
Open Sight Installation FTW ! Just have to drill and tap for Scope Mounts and cut for Dovetail sights and I'll be done . 
may be coming home this weekend , but I doubt it greatly ... 
4 Days and counting until the Reno gun show . :D 
I'm disappointed with you California , you had the < PROPMALE > to demolish 70+ years of blatant lying to the American people and you failed . Way to show how \progressive\ " we are as a state . " 
Going to the Reno gun show tomorrow , then I'll be home ! For the weekend of course . 
HOME ! 
I get satisfaction , \ 
Everywhere I go . \ 
Where I lay my head , \ 
Thats where I call home . \ 
Whether barren pines , \ 
Or the mission stair , \ 
Take tomorrows collar , \ 
And give em back the glare . 
\I knew a guy went out every night with a handle of rum and a revolver with one round drank until he couldn't anymore and played Russian Roulette with himself\ " \ 
I'm leaving tomorrow morning to come home , leaving around 9-10 AM . Should be in Sac by 1-2 . Gonna be there until the 28th . Color Case Hardening is a breeze , and reeeeeeally cool . Got a pic of what I did on my phone . 
I was fine , I pulled myself together just in time , to throw myself away . Once my perfect world was gone I knew ; you ruined everything . In the nicest way . You should know how great things were before you , even so they're better still today . I can't think of who I was before , you ruined everything . In the nicest way . 
Just got Call of Duty : Black Ops ; brand new for $30 ... I'm just that good 
Shot my first turkey today ... scared the bejeezus out of people at the grocery store though . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Woke up this morning to it raining and the ground being slushy . Became a full blown snow storm by 9 . \ 
Last week for the fall semester , went real quick . Need a Remington 700 for class next semester , going to true up the action as well as rebarrel it . If anyone would like their action accurized or rebarreled or both let me know . 
Home ! 
\My turn my turn MY TURN ! \ " \ 
CAN'T SLEEP ! 
Annnnnd < PROPFEMALE > Fuckin Christmas ... I owe the IRS $730 apparently . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
is slightly worried . Looking over a list of physical , emotional , and mental symptoms of Schizophrenia and finding a LOT of match ups with my own personality ... 
I'm apparently a Taurus now ... go figure . 
Finally back home , but only until Sunday night . So , who all is going to 2nd Saturday tomorrow ? 
Finished blue printing my Remington 700 today , all shiny and new looking . Not to mention actually true . Those fuckers are LAAAAZY . I could do it in a day now that I know how . I can also charge $300-$400 for doing so . \ 
It has been a good day . Thinking about trying to get into DMTC's summer show just for old times sake ... 
It has been snowing for 48+ hours now here in Susanville . Had a four hour snowball fight yesterday ... I needed that :D 
Really aware of how much I miss DMTC people and the good times I had . Miss a few more than others . Guess I shouldn't have burned so many bridges ... 
My entire town is snowed in ... yeah ... you think about how much snow that actually involves ... It snowed about 8\ in 6 hours ... " 
For this week and this week only I'm a lawful felon . You think about that and I'll tell you how . 
needs to do something stupid-dangerous . Like go into the woods for 2 weeks with a gun , some ammo , and enough food to keep me alive for a week so I have to hunt or forage to survive . Something to justify my being alive you know ? 
The sun shining down on these green fields of < PROPFEMALE > the warm wind blows gently and the red poppies dance . The trenches have vanished long under the plough no gas , no barbed wire no guns firing now . But here in this graveyard thats still No Mans Land the countless white crosses in mute witness stand . To mans blind indifference to his fellow man and a whole generation were butchered and damned . -Green Fields of < PROPFEMALE > 
Working on my first barrel today , gonna make a #4 contoured . 308 barrel for my Remington 700 . Other barrels are going to be a #4 . 243 Winchester on a 98 Mauser and a #8 9.51 x55mm on a 1917 Enfield . Also have a new goal , I wanna kill and eat every type of creature on this planet at least once with a custom rifle . 
Once upon a time there was a tavern , where we'd raise a glass or two . Remember how we laughed away the hours , and dream of all the great things we would do ? Those were the days my friend . We thought they'd never end . We'd sing and dance , forever and a day . We'd live the life we choose . We'd fight and never lose . For we were young and sure to have our way . Those were the days my friend , those were the days . 
has been thinking about life lately ... it perplexes me . 
Fired my first rifle today . Remington 700 in 3 0-0 6 , I contoured the barrel , chambered it , crowned it , fit it to the action , and saw it go boom . The closest thing I can think of to compare it to is the proud feeling you get when you see your child succeed . 
is a little sad that when you look up any song by Journey or really any band on Youtube , instead of the original , it's god damn Glee on top ... what a world . 
Got my second custom rifle today a 1917 Enfield rifle with a #8 contoured barel ( Bull Barrel ) chambered in . 375 H&H Magnum . No shit my teachers told me after test firing it that it was \Damn good for the third chamber you've ever cut\ " and that \ " It is way better than factory\ " . Always nice to get some praise . " 
is really excited . It just hit me , after I finish school I can technically be called an ' artisan ' . I will be an artist , only my medium will be eternal . Canvas wears away long before a rifle does . 
got a wood chip in my eye , hurts like a mother fucker and my eye is as red as the devils < PROPMALE > , but other than that stock inletting is going good . Getting taught by an honest to God expert . < PROPFIRST > Tucker makes perfectly balanced , beautiful gun stocks out of whatever wood you want for a minimum fee of $4000 . He's also got an epic beard :D . 
is back in town for a little while , before I have to go back to buttfuck nowhere Susanville ... wanna do as much as possible before I have to go back 
may or may not be visiting New York City on the 18th , see a show , check out some stuff , meet up with a friend or two , see my niece ... they all sound good ... 
