Happy New Year Everyone ! 

I am screaming at the TV at Michigan's D . UGH ! If Michigan loses this one , not only will we probably not go to a bowl game , but I'm going to personally fire < PROPMALE > Rodriguez myself ! 
Words I need to live by : There is no use worrying about things over which you have no control , and if you have control , you can do something about them instead of worrying - < PROPMALE > C . < PROPFEMALE > 
I have one thing to say today ... GO BLUE ! I WILL NOT say that Michigan will lose , and I WILL NOT say that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > will get fired if he loses , but we won't , so there's nothing to worry about . Hail to the VICTORS(Cause that's what we'll be tomorrow !!! ) 
I'm asking for no ridicule tomorrow . I am SO IRRITATED at Michigan . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > will get another year to fix the program , I'm 100% sure on that ... What I'm not sure of is if the fans will give him another year . Next year we're goin 6-6 or better .. GO BLUE ! 
I'm sick and feel like crap . I hope everyone is feeling better than I am :) Happy thanksgiving too ! 
Very sad today . Had a family member pass away and one is really sick . Now it leaves me wondering , \Who's next ? \"" 
Just waiting for Christmas break , thanks to the snow on the ground . I think I could have went the last 2 days without getting really excited , if it wasn't for that dang snow ! 
Just had an argument about what 100 dollars in pennies are ... And I lost ... YES , that means I did math wrong :P 
Hope everyone has a VERY < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I got a new phone with unlimited texting(no more minute phones !!! ) . 
Dont know about everyone else , but I am starting to feel the effects of school ... There's a < PROPMALE > for a snow day on Friday if we're lucky , so everyone better start wearing their pajama's inside out and spinning in circles !!!! 
I find it odd that girls facebook updates are always so serious , yet guys one normally have very little meaning :P 
Almost had a status update of \School tomorrow :/\ " but I caught myself . Yay :) " 
COMING HOME SPIRIT WEEK : Anyone who wears pajamas on Monday for the spirit day will get a piece of gum from if they say the code word \younique\ " (Part of our yearbook theme and the coming home theme ) :) " 
I'm mad and excited . MAD : The Saints won . I CAN'T lose this bet . EXCITED : It's Coming Home week . Yay for pajama day tomorrow . I have a bag of gum(while supplies last ) , and if you're wearing your PJ's and say the code word \younique\ " I will give you a piece . I promise . " 
Crazy Hat/Hair day ! I expect to see everyone with some AWESOME headgear and/or hair !!! 
Enjoying the snow day ! I'm very surprised that we didn't have school ! Gonna make a snowman !!! 
Maybe it's time to just stop trying be nice with you . I got the message loud and clear :/ 
I really want to know : Do people REALLY laugh out loud at ALL of their texts ???? 
You know it's been an odd day when you're not only sprinting around the halls trying to grab a posted , but you end up slamming into a door and knocking over someone . Ah , journalism rocks :) 
Feel I may be getting sick . I'm freezing cold of a sudden , and apparently I'm really pale . Blech . 
Watching CCHA championship game ! U of M v . NMU(Northern Michigan University ) . The score is 0-0 heading into the 2nd period . Will be a weird start for the period , 4 on 3 in Michigan's favor for 1:40 , then 4 on 4 for about 40 seconds , then NMU PP for a minute in a half . GO BLUE !!!! 
AND MICHIGAN WINS THE CCHA TOURNAMENT !!!!! 2-1 AGAINST NORTHERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSTIY !!!!! We're Goin ' Dancing to the NCAA Hockey tournament ! LET'S GO BLUE !!!!! 
Very productive day today , except for the awesome nap I took right smack dab in the middle of the day . Eh .. I'll be sure to be up until midnight :/ 
\Looking at her makes me want to eat a strawberry . \ " \ " ... What ? \"" 
Does anyone else feel like this week was the longest one of the year ? Eh ... We got a four day week and then spring break , so I guess I won't complain . 
Come on blue ... We gotta beat Miami ! WE NEED A FROZEN FOUR HERE IN DETROIT WITH YOU IN IT ! 
Awesome and very interesting day today . 3 MORE DAYS !!! 
Tired of home , tired of school , and just plain tired . 
THE FIRST CHOICE !!!!!!! 
Not excited for school tomorrow , but excited to see my friends :) 
Had 0 hours of sleep last night . Attempted to stay at school , but failed and went home . I slept for 5 hours when I got home though , so I'm feeling ( moderately ) better . 
I had an absolutely AWESOME day today . Thanks for the people/person who made it great :D 
I'm shocked < PROPFIRST > Clausen was the 48th player picked in the draft . I'm even more shocked that Tebow was picked before him . 
Wings are putting on a good show . LET'S GO WINGS ! 2-0 with no signs of stopping ! 
At < PROPMALE>'s birthday party . I swear all of them run on endless energy ! 
Anyone else outside when the rainbow was out today ? It was < PROPMALE>'s first one he had ever seen , and I must say the jumping up and down let me know he was excited :P 
Definitely an emotional game for the Tigers . After a tribute to < PROPMALE > Harwell , I'm betting that we're going to see a game worthy of < PROPMALE > Harwell broadcasting :) 
KaeLynn , Elmo(Alexandria ) , and I just found out how to call each other at the same time . We're at Burger < PROPMALE > and we look like nerds being so pumped about this ! 
\I've got a good palindrome : Mom ! \ " \ " WOW ! \"" 
Played an intense game of hide and seek in a soy bean field ! :) 
I'm wide awake . Less than 5 1/2 hours sleep until tomorrow , and I don't think I'm going to bed anytime soon . 
This is so damn ridiculous . How do you lose a perfect game on a bad call ???? 
Don't know what it is , but I haven't been able to sleep well all week .... This sucks . :/ 
Really realized tomorrow is our last day of school this morning . The year has been awesome . Lotsa memories this year . Thanks to all that made the year great . 
Need some opinions : Walleye fishing on Lake Huron or Salmon fishing on Lake Michigan ? 
World Cup Action for the U.S. today . I'm hopeful , but not expectant , for a U.S. win . Let's go Yanks ! 
20 years ago , I had a Great Uncle < PROPFIRST > . He had a pet fox . It scratched his face off . Fun times . 
Out on road goin ' up north ! 
Sitting by a fire up north .... And it's raining . 
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!! Thank you , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Today and tomorrow up north , then home on Sunday night/Monday morning ! :) 
No ride so nothing to do today :/ 
Congrats to Spain on successfully winning their first World Cup . If only the U.S. could follow suit in 4 years ! 
2 1/2 hours til ' I'm supposed to wake up . And I can't sleep . Too excited for Cedar Point !! :) 
On our way to Lake Huron for Walleye fishing ! 
Spiking my hair again , because I can . :P 
\Are you taking your best pig .... To the show ? \"" 
Detroit Beach Pizzeria :D 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
I'm becoming nervous for August 18th . 
I'm gonna ask everyone to wish me luck for this tournament sponsored by LG . It's in 10 minutes . It's worth $100k and I need all the luck I can get . Semi-finals , I'm here ! Finals , here I come !!! ( Hopefully ) 
Well ... I lost . Only the top 5 got in and I messed up . Oh well , I'm happy I'm nationally ranked 20th for speed texting . I would like to think that's an accomplishment in itself :) 
Anyone have any good bands I should listen to ? 
Feel like it's gonna be a good day . Game against SMCC later . 
1 . Algebra 2 Grant\ 
2 . Spanish 1 Kennedy\ 
3 . Space Science Tiani\ 
4 . Economics Koleszar\ 
5 . English 10 Romine\ 
6 . Chemistry Tiani\ 
Lemme know if you have any with me . 
Alright first day of school . Missing some of the classes I had last year , though . 
It's just absolutely wonderful that I can't sleep . 
Running barefoot is fun . I plan on doing it more often . 
At the < PROPMALE > game with my Papa . Game is absolutely insane . 84 total points and it's not close to being done . We aren't even halfway through the 3rd quarter . 
Starting of the 4th quarter for the Jefferson-Grosse Ile ... Another touchdown . Make it 61-49 . 
Come on Grosse Ile !!! 61-56 < PROPMALE > ! They're catching up ! No signs of stopping them either . This game is something else . 
Sad I missed the end of the Michigan game , just really glad they won :) 
Wow ... Heartbreaking loss . 1-0 < PROPMALE > , when we should have had a goal and tied it up but they called it back on a bogus call . :/ 
Stockbridge tournament today . 
Loving practice lately . Though my glasses are pretty screwed up , so I'll probably either get new ones or contacts soon . 
Found out I might get contacts for the last week of the soccer season . :) 
All of you who said we couldn't win- the Airport soccer team JUST PROVED YOU WRONG ! 
It's been almost a week since Airport soccer had their first win of the season . Tomorrow against < PROPMALE > , it's gonna be the second . 
The point of no return ! 
Alright , for superstar day- < PROPMALE > Potter or McLovin ? This is a VERY important question :P 
Due to popular demand , I will be wearing < PROPMALE > Potter themed things . Along with a scar , I'm finding a stick as a wand . I'm not sure what else I should do with < PROPMALE > Potter . Any ideas ? 
Working powderouff game , then hw , then straight to bed :P 
' Grats to the Seniors for winning Powderpuff . Good day all around 
Anyone else feel like it should be Friday already ? 
If you're looking for me at the game , I'll be the guy with the very blue hair :P 
Game against < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
Districts at Romulus today .... Biggest game of the season . 
District Semi-finals , here we come ! 8-0 Airport win :D 
District semi-finals against Riverview . \\n 
We may have lost today , Jets , but the heart we showed today is what this team is about . Thanks to the Seniors for a great year . We left everything on that field , and I'm proud of what was accomplished today . 
Not feeling too good . :-/ 
Gonna try to go to school tomorrow . 
Since it seems like the whole world is doing it , and I find it interesting , like this and i'll tell you one thing I like and dislike about you 
Someone should give me some good music to listen to . 
I'm loving the Michigan State-Iowa game . LOVING it . Let's just not have another Northwestern-MSU game ! 
As a kid I hated how the teacher on the magic school bus said \As I always say\ " more than the actual phrase she said . <_<" 
Indoor game !! Seniors vs . Underclassmen ! 
6-5 Seniors :( Well , we did pretty dang good Airport Underclassmen ! 
Went to indoor field to practice . Good day . 
Let's go blue ! Nice way to start the game !! 
Come on Michigan ! Good game ! Goin into OT ! 
Triple Overtime ! 
YEAH ! LET'S GO BLUE ! HAIL TO THE VICTORS BABY ! 67-65 Michigan in triple overtime ! 
Seattle Sounders at LA Galaxy . Let's go Sounders ! :D 
God it feels late . 
Nice to see Seattle get a goal in the playoffs . Too bad it's too little , too late . 
I'm thinking somebody wants to bring me some < PROPFEMALE > Starbursts tomorrow . Just sayin ' 
13-5 loss :/ 
Well phone is pretty much broke . I can see only a half of the front screen , and can't type with the inside . Great . 
I'm beginning to think it's impossible to get sick of soccer , which is definitely a good thing . 
Indoor tomorrow , prolly not gonna sleep tonight cause of the two hour nap I took :p New phone tomorrow 
10-2 loss to South Pole X-clusive . Not one of our better days :P 
Could this day go by any slower ? 
So I have an IHP for something I already did . That makes TOTAL sense . 
Out with ¡James Liedel trying to find Grecian Center :P 
I'm probably going to be eating my words at around 7:00 today , but I have some hope ! Airport Underclassmen team , let's go kick some Senior ass ! :P 
Good job Llama Palooza and your 7-3 win , you earned it :P 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . If I come back 10 pounds heavier , don't be too shocked :P 
You know it's gonna be a good day when you have pie for your first meal ! 
THE Game tomorrow . Let's go Blue !! 
Tsk tsk , Michigan just isn't what they used to be . Ah well , still love em'! 
Decisions , decisions ... 
3 questions away from failing my first test in Segment 1 , but I still passed :) Soccer game later against < PROPMALE>'s jv . 
Inbox me a number and I'll post something about you . In order to avoid spamming peoples ' Feeds though I'm gonna do a few at a time . 
123 : I don't know you very well , but you seem really cool . Sometime we have to talk :) \ 
\ 
52 : My tied-for-first favorite YBK editor . You're really nice and the fun times we've had honestly will stick with me FOREVER . I probably annoyed you with all of my questions :P We had so many laughs , it just stinks that we don't have the class anymore :( If you ever come to visit at AHS , you need to get me out of class ASAP . 
8590 : I haven't talked to you in FOREVER ! I hope all is well with you :) I remember our lockers being by each others way back in the 6th grade :D \ 
11 (: : ( As told by me to keep the smiley face ) You're really cool and I hope we all can have some chocolate sauce with your boss some time :P And ... Alabama sucks :P 
18- We've had some discussions over the years , haven't we ? We gotta talk some more sometime though ! \ 
007- My pen pal ! To think of the luck that had to happen that we are friends is mind boggling :P But , I need to let you know , the Pittsburgh Penguins ? Yeah , they suck . 
72497426847- We just started talking this year , but we've had a lot of laughs . We need to < PROPFEMALE > out sometime ! It's gonna suuuuuck without you next semester ! \ 
36- Wow .. Through all of the ups and downs we've had , we're still friends . Insane . I seriously could trust you with my life , and I know you're the only person I've ever met that can have about a 30 < PROPFEMALE > discussion about whatever's going on :) 
26 : So while you're slightly obsessed with Fall Out Boy , just a * little * ... You basically are my family . So thanks for putting up with me these years :) I really appreciate it :D 
People who have never had Chicken in a Biscuit crackers truly have never lived . 
24 : Remember when we used to absolutely hate each other ? Fun times :P But we became really good friends last year , and we gotta talk more :D 
Wait , today's Friday ?! This whole day I thought it was Thursday ! Sweet !! 
Okay , LAST number thing I THINK I'll do . \ 
11 : I don't know you too well , but from what your friend tells me you're pretty cool :) 
To all those complaining about snow : You live in Michigan . This shouldn't be that big of a shock we're getting snow in December . I'd understand if it was in November , but it's freaking close to Christmas . Snow NEEDS to be here ! 
Almost 100% < PROPMALE > for school tomorrow I bet , but we all want the day off ! It's a MONDAY- the tied-for-first-with-Friday BEST day to close school ! 
Got accepted to go to a leadership conference at Michigan State !! 
Awesome day . Smcc game at 6 . 
Christmas break , come a little quicker if you could ! 
If school doesn't go quick tomorrow I'm not gonna come to school for a couple of weeks . 
Round 2 against SMCC . Let's try this again ... 
My knee feels as bad as it looks right now , and that's pretty bad . Thought I was gonna tear off the nerves this time , looks like I still feel it . Ah well , I'll be better in a week or so(hopefully ) . 
MEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRY CHRISTMA- Oh wait . 3 days early . 
