just saw the worst movie ; Robo Vampire . Direct quote : \The Orientals are a stubborn race\ " ... so bad ... " 

bye Deerfield , see you again in 8 weeks . 
just got skype , user name ; scott . ian . campbell 
yay ! three exams this week !...... wait , not yay , not yay at all 
is finally through the exams , not as bad as I though they would be 
had a very good weekend 
is home . 
... aww , you 
is home 
you know its a slow news day when you see an article titled \100 icebergs on the move \"" 
you know its a slow news day when you see an article titled \more than 100 icebergs make epic trek \"" 
starship troopers trilogy with the pretty much complete gang makes my night 
is back at valpo , this week went by too quickly 
is now completely done with 6:30 Monday morning physics lab 
is now done with first semester , huzzahs are in order . 
is back in the field of deer , and ready for a relaxing break . 
Police Squad is amazing 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
new years ! 
done with classes for the weekend , now its time to catch up on sleep 
Apple has created yet another crappy product , what a surprise . The iPad fails miserably . 
Yo ho , Yo ho , a pirates life for me ! 
is home for two weeks 
ended the last english class of the year by listening to < PROPFIRST > Shatner's spoken word version of \You'll Have Time \"" 
is done with freshman year !! Coming home tomorrow . :) 
goodbye , Valpo . See you in four months . 
why do I keep getting spam emails for forklifts ? 
Congratulations Blackhawks ! 
Futurama is back , and it's amazing as ever ! 
Dear everyone , drop what you are doing RIGHT NOW and go see Inception !!! It is mind-blowing . 
Is finally almost settled in , also thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! 
IMTS !!!! 
There is a double rainbow all the way across the sky right outside . 
First snow of the season ! 
nothing like a home cooked dinner ! 
is back in < PROPFEMALE > Valparaiso . 
now owns a Jersey Shore poster , my life is complete . 
is done with finals ! going home tomorrow . 
is once again back in < PROPFEMALE > Deerfield ... 
back in Valpo 
is patiently waiting for the snowpocalypse's icy wrath 
Deerfield 
