happy new year everyone !! 

got to clean house .. do homework ... and spend time with Maddison < PROPFEMALE > .. I can't wait till this weekend ... Family Reunion and time with the husband ... I feel so lonely .. like theres a emptiness thats not bein filled in my life .. I miss my love .. 
Enjoyed a weekend in Frankfort , Ky 
watchin longest yard . chiilin with Tion and < PROPFIRST > ... I need to clean my house .. Maddison is on the verge of trying to crawl ... 
Hates when pop up blockers don't block pop ups !! 
doing laundry at 6 in the morning sucks !! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY !! hope everyone is safe !! 
i want the money . money and the cars .. cars and the clothes .... I suppose ... I just wanna be I just wanna be successful 
bed/naptime =) 
hopes to see the light at the end of the tunnel soon !! 
is finally seeing some positives .. got a new car today .. < PROPFEMALE > freakin excited .. 
this use to be a fun house but now its full of evil clowns .... its time to start the countdown im gonna burn it down down down .. 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL !! 
watched the new twilight and I'm pissed ... what the heck ... I hope the next one is better !! 
Just wants to skip to the day when I can be good enough and people just accept me for me but in all honesty those people probably won't even matter then .. All that matters is that I have the love of my life and my precious angel by my side ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! 
just wants to watch one tree hill season 3 !! I can't find it anywhere in stores and it took me an hour to find the 1st episode online !! I have seasons 1 2 4 5 6 but no 3 and I can't just jump to 4 without watching 3 !! 
goodnight all ! 
At what point in life does your body decide that it doesn't want to be OCD anymore that it wants to transition to a couch potato ?? 
I feel better than I have in a long time !! Have a good < PROPFIRST>'s Day weekend everyone ! 
Im so proud of myself I have cooked dinner almost every night this week ... and my house is spotless !!! 
So Im going to bed facebook ... and for all my friends that are believers please pray for my family because we just lost a loved one and also < PROPFIRST > because he has to get surgery on his hand on wednesday .. 
< PROPFIRST>'s surgery in the morning .. clean , sower , sleep .. 
2day's the 1st day that I've been truely & unconditionally happy in a long time ! I have a wonderful husband & gorgeous daughter ! I've forgiven all the ppl I've been angry at . I have no anger in my heart nemore . My house is spotless ! My conscience is clean . Saturday w/ my fmly & best frann ! Bills r paid . now I'm hngry . Thank u God for blessing me w/ so many wonderful people & all the things I need . 
I will not allow you to break me down !! I am happy and you cannot change that with your words ! What happened in the past happened in the past and if you chose not to say something then why did you wait till now ?? 
allergies are kickin my a$$ !! Why does warm weather have to come with polyn and dust ?? Arg !! < PROPFIRST>' first day back to work since his hand injury and mom's bringin me taco < PROPFEMALE > !! Then probably medicine and pass out !! 
Sick and tired of being Sick and tired !! Watchin TV , feedin Maddison , eatin some ice cream .. shower ... then beddy bye !! 
double chocolate chip ice cream yummm !! 
is in Ky !! Visiting .. 
is happy she got to see all of her lovely ladies even if it wasn't for that long !!! Goling to have a big talk with the husband about moving back !!! 
left my phone charger in ky !! Thats 2 in the last month !! Getting impatient . Trying to figure out everything i need to know about the military !! Hopefully they can give me what I want !! Everything was starting to fall in to place now i wonder if its even goin to happen 
Going to Frankfort on Thursday !! < PROPFIRST > and I are going to talk to a recruiter !! He will be in the service and I will be in Kentucky before we Know it !! 
Don't kno much bout politics but what I do kno is that ever since I've been alive it seems like noone is ever happy w/ who's in office .. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( Cheated on his wife ) < PROPFIRST > Bush ( Just absolutely horrible and caused bad gas prices ) Barrack Obama ( This Medical < PROPMALE > thing ) Well atleast it gives ppl a reason to complain ! =) Me personally , I dont care if noone is ever happy with whos in office why even get involved ? 
Smoke a cig , clean house , talk to < PROPFIRST > on lunch , shower , sleep !! up in the morning to be intertained by a recruiter that tells < PROPFIRST > he can be booted up to a E3 !! 
& hearts ; 
Bedtime with the hubby hopefully this week ends up getting better =( 
<--- Is a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a mommy . I ? it ! 
Cannot wait till Wednesday !! < PROPFIRST > takes his asvab tmrw and his physical on Wednesday ! If everything works out he'll swear in after his physical ! Then we find out when he goes to basic !! Then goin to ohio and gettin rid of some sruf and packin up to come back to Ky 
Happy Easter !! Church in the AM !! Easter egg huntin for the babies @ mammaw's tmrw ! It should be a great day !! 
Had a wonderful easter !! Didn't end up goin to church but did get to see family !! Maddison got lots of easter so she should be good as far as spring outfits !! Me and < PROPFIRST > got lots of < PROPFEMALE > and ended up taken the desert home !! Maddison's nappin ! Now just relaxin and gettin fatter on < PROPFEMALE > !! Happy Easter Everyone !! ~ ~ 
ITS MY ANNIVERSARY !! =)))) 
I'm so excited !! Shower .. Get ready ... Then who knows .. Maybe dinner and a movie .. This is such a good day for me =) Maddison is at mom's and we have the house all to ourselves !! 
Had a very great night , though its still not over .... We seen \Why Did I Get Married Too\ " and went to Smokey Bones !! The movie is a tear jerker so if you want to see it then prepare yourself !! I love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kazanjian !! And I look forward to the next 99 anniversaries that we share together ... " 
Spending tonight with the Husband and Best Friend !! Gotta straighten up the house .. shower and get ready then who knows !! 
Bedtime ... =)) 
ToDaY iS GoInG tO bE a GrEaT DaY !!! =)))) 
My internet is screwed up and I hate lookin at my < PROPFEMALE > on this < PROPFEMALE > screen just to let everyone know 
GOODNIGHT FB . 
Maddisons 1st birthday party is Sunday June 6th . If interested let me know and ill give further details . It's kinda a big deal ! 
HAPPY ALMOST BIRTHDAY MADDISON < PROPFEMALE > !!! I LOVE YOUU < PROPFEMALE > !!!! GOING TO BED ... 
Car company has called my phone twice today !! Its supposed to be getting paid .. Hope I don't have to resort to other measures .. Work tonight 5- 8:30 !! Sure hope my soon to be ex has fun in south lebanon today !! =) 
I love you !! There is nothing that you can say to stop it !! I won't give up I'm a lover and a fighter and I'll never stop fighting for who or what I love .. God is on my side and he always wins !! You will realize one day that my love is for forever no matter the mistakes i make on the way to the destination of forever ! 
Me and the baby are going to try out a new church in the morning !! God is going to see me through everything .. I'm very interested to see how and who he will mold me to be .. My life is in his hands and only he can change me .. Goodnight everyone !! =) 
is sittin around listenin to sad songs , feelin sorry for myself , and sulkin in self caused misery ... I really need to read my bible and talk to God bc only he can change this .. I think I'm havin a relapse .. I just need to concentrate on me and Maddison but its so hard when I'm doin this all by myself .. 
gettin ready to do a little bit of cleanin !! Hopefully talk to my father in law and work tmrw !! =) 
Bout to pack for my road trip to Ohio !! Be there tomorrow after work and come back Monday before work !! Probably wont get any sleep tonight !! Very Excited =) 
Whats done is done !! Keep the past in the past and Grow up !! You can never get anywhere if you're always lookin in the rearview mirror !! If I can let it go then so can you !! You made mistakes just like I did and now you want to jutify them ... Stop tryin to play God with the judgement BS !! 
Had a good weekend .. Work in the AM Goodnight FB . =) 
NaP TiMe !! I'm so over this week !! =( 
Had a wonderful weekend with the fam .. Heading back to Ky . Happy Labor day everyone and be careful !! 
WoRk 12-4 ... OFF TmRw !! =))) 
A whole new world , a dazzling place I never knew ! =) 
Going to Bed .. Spendin the Day with my Beautiful Daughter and her grandfather tmrw !! =) 
Off work ! Now takin a nap =) 
feels like BLAH !! Good thig my Sissy Cakes is with me !! I love you Shawndrielle Chambers !! =) 
Goin for a ride to collect my thoughts ! Stress and Anxiety are getting the best of me today !! 
Cannot wait ' till Friday .. Goin to get Maddison \Belle Belle\ " and spendin ' the weekend with her !! She gets to see her auntie < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cox at Dal's Birthday Party =) Maybe seein ' the most beautiful girl in the Friggin Universe will make me feel true happiness again ! " 
Just a small town girl .. Livin ' in a lonely world ... She took the midnight train goin ' anywhere !! 
mtn dew , pack of cigarettes and music to keep me energized for laundry , packin , cleanin the house and calmin ' my nerves !! Work 12- 8:30 tmrw then road trip to Ohio to get Maddison < PROPFEMALE > ! Hopefully pay off old renters , car payment , and find < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > a Costume on Friday .. Go to see Brit and Dal for Dal's birthday on Saturday .. Takin Maddison back on Sunday then back to work on Monday ! =) 
Just when you think , you've got me figured out , The season's already changin'! =) 
I like it on the Kitchen Table =) 
Bed Time , Early day tmrw , I get to see my munchkin (= .. Takin Momma out for lunch , get Maddison's Birth Certificate , makin a trip to verizon to pay them off , along with some other things . Not happy about all the runnin around but it'll pay off when I'll be in my own apartment SOON ! SuPeR ExCiTeD ! I miss livin on my own ! Ahhh , The Joys of Life ! GoodNight FaceBook . Have a wonderful weekend everybody !! =) 
My mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drove me crazy at times . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend ... forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom , whether she's here with you or in heaven ... I LOVE MY MOMMA !!! 
OK , so ... Its bed time finally !! I'm gonna go snuggle up with my most favorite cuddle < PROPMALE > in the world =) I'm so happy that I get to spend the weekend with my baby .. I missed her sooo much ... Goodnight everyone and have a safe weekend !!! 
Maddison and I just got outa bed .. Woke up to Good Morning Kisses =) ! Time for Breakfast and Gettin us ready for the Day ! Have A Great Dayyyy Everyone .. I know I'm goin to =)) 
Bout to get Everything ready to go then hit the road to take My Precious Angel back to her Nanna's! =( 
See , when I get the strength to leave , you always tell me that you need me , and I'm weak ' cause I believe you , and I'm mad because I love you , so I stop and think that maybe you could learn to ' preciate me , then it all remains the same that you ain't never gonna change . never gonna change . never gonna change !! 
Just got all of my stuf out of my car .. At Dad's ' till Wednesday , then movin ' into my apartment on Wednesday !! =) Super Excited (= Work everyday ' till movin day ! It's gonna be one eventful week . Pray for me LoL .. But really ;) 
Long Day at work , home now , work tmrw ... need to do laundry and unpack !! 
Excited about takin Maddison trick or treating tomorrow .. and my new bed =) 
at Dad's .. suppose to be booking a plane ticket for < PROPFIRST > ... Ahhhh I'm such a procratinator !! Getting over the flu ... Maddison is with Mom till Thanksgiving ... Work tomorrow .. Its such a Blah weekend =( 
Just got Maddison down ... now cigarette break and preparin for tmrw ... up early in the mornin to see < PROPFIRST > graduate basic ... then hopefullt back to my home .. my nerves got the best of me =/ 
Cannot sleep !! Disappointment and my headache are taking over my body ! I just want to sleep and not have to answer any questions today ... Why do things always have to go bad at Christmas time ?? =( 
wants peace . Drama seems to be a popular subject here recently . I think i want to move to a deserted island where noone knows my business . 
why have i stayed with someone i have grown to hate ? Comfort and financial stability is the answer folks . Im so tired of bein disrespected and walked all over . I give up . Im tired of bein the only one that does anything around here ! 
i miss sleepin in my bed and havin six pillows to myself instead of havin four and splittin them so im only sleepin with 2 pillows . Ugh . This makes me very uncomfortable and upset . Goin to sleep on my 2 stupid pillows . Good night everyone . 
im so tired of always waking up from a nightmare . 
wants to move somewhere far far away with Maddison . 
had a good night out . Off to bed . Work 11 to 5 . Good night :) 
had a super great day at work today . Came home and was still in a good mood for a few minutes . Then negative < PROPFEMALE > rained on my parade . 
blue < PROPFEMALE > banana split ice cream is definately the best :) all a girl needs to solve all of her problems is a bowl of her favorite ice cream . 
has no more guilty conscience ... 
is 13 weeks pregnant today ! :) 
i wish my toe nails were painted so i could wear flip flops today . 
is really procrastinating cleanin the apartment ... But it really needs to get done . 
misses her momma :( 
hates when people refuse to let me sleep and do everything to wake me up and keep me up . Really ? Do you have to make that much noise . 
today turned out better than expected :) talked to an old friend ... Made pasta and cake . And gettin ready to watch a movie . Work tomorrow . 
morning sickness ... I hate you !! I should have never rolled outa bed but i was so thirsty and i had to pee :( k back to bed for me :) 
14 weeks today ! :) 
grilled cheese and tomato soup ? I think so ! :) 
sex and the city movie night :) 
happy the easter < PROPFEMALE > paid for my phone to stay on :) cant wait for tomorrow ... I get paid ! :) 
i keep goin in circles circles round and round and why you're doin me so wrong i just keep holdin you down . I feel so stupid foolish lovin you this way but what can i say ... 
i try to say goodbye and i choke ... Try to walk away and i stumble . 
at home w/ no phone , no car , no cigarettes , no cable and barely any internet signal ... and i have no clue where < PROPFIRST > is .... FML !!! 
tonight is turnin out way better than expected ... catchin up on my one tree hill episodes online ! =) 
callin it a night .... or morning whatever .... hopin sweet dreams come my way :) 
if its not one thing its another ... As if life couldn't get any more complicated ... < PROPFIRST > gets deployed in june . 
got absolutely no cleanin done today ! But i did get to see my mommy :) and get all of my boxes that have been stored for almost a year ! So much to do on friday . Work tomorrow . My socks cut circulation out of my feet today :( 
is really happy that she got to see some of her favorites today :) 
your drug is a heart breaker ... My love is a life taker ! 
when i sleep i have nightmares ... When i wake up i have nightmares . I think i need a shrink . 
some people are so ridiculous . You bend over backwards to do for people and they just stick a knife in your back . Im so glad that i have a husband that loves me through thick and thin . 
is in an alanis morisette and < PROPFIRST > tritt kinda mood . 
you're a heart breaker , dream maker , love taker . Don't you mess around with me ! :) 
i don't want no scrub ! ;) 
got military id today . Got 2 new one tree hill seasons and groceries ! Got internet . Cooked dinner and im 16 weeks pregnant today . Work at 7 am . :) 
i cannot believe i am up this early ! Inventory at work then hopefully back home for a nice nap then back to work . Boo . 
I'm gettin really tired of everything workin against me !!! FML !! Can't find a dr. that will see me and apparently < PROPFIRST>'s insurance is not activated !!! AHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! I'm officially in a bad mood ! 
i so just want to lay around all day ! But , i have to work :( 
has a wonderful husband that goes to the grocery store when i am craving something and gets what i ask for so i can whip something up and be satisfied :) 
Hi , my name is < PROPFEMALE > and I'm a choco-holic !! ;) 
goin to cuddle with my baby girl and my man =) happiest girl in the world tonight ~ ~ ILY JMLK !! 
