annoyed 

asdf 
Really pissed off .... 
Oh man , today ......! 
I don't even know ....... 
Close , Close , Close , Off , Close , Mid 
Just another exciting year . 
NAP THEN BACK TO THE OLGA'S KITCHEN 
Watching The Hurt Locker 
7 am - 10 pm here we come . 
Longest day ever 
Someone link me to Lost season 6 episode from tonight 
Road Trip = Tomorrow 
Nothing like waking up at 9:30 AM , getting ready for work in 2 minutes cause I'm an hour and a half late , running out the door and realizing it's Monday not Tuesday . 
Another long day tomorrow . 
So nice out 
Colon , MI . Yes it's a real place . 
PAPA JOHNS 
Off tomorrow , kinda ? 
Finally home ? 
It always pays off in the long run . 
3/26/2010 - 9:37 PM MSU Basketball . It's a good day . 
And today tops the longest day of my life list . Going out , hit us up 
HELLO FINAL FOUR ;) 
and yeahhhhhhh .............. 
Dinosaur steps on broccoli , leaving broccoli ... a vegetable . 
Haha . 
Can hardly wait for tomorrow . 
Sharks up 3-0 , awesome . And my computer just became even more retarded , even better . 
The countdown is on 
All I do is win win win no matter what 
Get wild 
- I'm the man . 
Miami is the city where The < PROPMALE > resides officially . Welcome to the National Heat Association 
Didn't think I would admit it but pumped for 7/29 grand opening 
Approved to move , about time 
the pieces to my puzzle’s in my life 
i love < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Who has a truck and nothing to do tomorrow ? 
Black Ops Domination 
No matter how much you bust your ass , and no matter how hard you try or care . Someone will always take credit for your accomplishments and hold you accountable for all shortcomings . Welcome to the real world . 
i love < PROPFEMALE > cause shes the best :) shittttttt 
Black Friday = A day for people to be pathetic and show up at a mall at 12 AM and have justification for it . It's just as bad as made up holidays like sweetest day . 
I have the best girlfriend ever :) 
Shallow people believe in luck . Wise and strong people believe in cause and effect . 
Car = Destroyed 
Droid 2 is sick 
I love alyssaaaa ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are amazing :) 
The only thing I’m addicted to right now is winning 
Now hiring for < PROPFEMALE>'s Market Fresh Grille in < PROPMALE > Oak . Location #53 ... 248-906-6391 . Apply today ! 
What's on my mind ? Duh .. Winning . 
Give , give , give ... been doing it since 2007 why break the record now . Burnt out . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
Off tomorrow .. yeah right . Can't even sleep .. mind is racing we are about to open one of the busiest stores in the company 
3 am and I get to enjoy the next 6 hours of sleep then cook for 12 hrs and close a building down . Not a little worn out at all 
What's on your mind ? NEXT TICKET . THANK YOU ! 
i love my < PROPFEMALE>'s and < PROPFIRST > ;) <3333333 p.s. i definitely made this status myself ......... 
That's how WE roll in RO . 
Hello Game 7 Detroit Red Wings . Smell that cup ? \ 
Hello game 7 Detroit Red Wings . Smell that cup ? 
So I just spent the last 2 hours watching awesome hockey goals , saves , and fights . Can we have Yzerman , < PROPFIRST > , and McCarty back for one game ? 
who is down for coney ? I know < PROPFEMALE > Ezyk is not ! ;) 
Thanks everyone for the happy bday's hope everyone is doing well ! 
Happy bday < PROPFEMALE > Ezyk is going to club me 
Why does my apartment complex feel the need to cut the grass every morning that I'm off each week ? 
There is a breaking point ... 
i love < PROPFIRST > Young < PROPFEMALE > Ezyk and < PROPFEMALE > Jacobs !!!!!!!!!! pp 
Eminem : The way I am ... one of the best books I've literally every started to read and I hate books 
Might not be time to go back to work yet after spending time on the lake for a few days but it sure does feel like it . 
Back to the point where I wonder if its even worth it . 
Sometimes I am convinced people can't think logically ... or read . Then I stand there asking myself \why me ? \ " The simple and stupid failures make our lives harder ... it's getting old . " 
Seriously miss the < PROPFIRST > Y days 
Really Saints ? You give up Bush ... I hope Miami wins it all with him at the helm for it 
U of M qb vs . U of M qb . Welcome to who has the better o line cause we know its not the qb getting the job done 
Ancient Aliens ... We'll leave it open ended . 
Time to start looking before I have no choice . 
Finished . Without a doubt , I cannot do this anymore . This is all so political and stupid and a conversation with someone tonight helped me realize .... I'm done being frustrated with my life because of the things I go through at work . 
If you had to pick a restaurant that was the most similar to < PROPFEMALE>'s what would it be ? Not how much you like the food but the overall type of restaurant ? 
Apparently the woman that used to live in my apartment is convinced I stole a bag of clothes her friend from california dropped on the front door . Little creeped out by the whole thing . 
I feel like a lot was accomplished today . And it was even with \Beta\ " in the building . I'll credit it to the slow sales and good staff . " 
And let it be known from this day forward\ 
I wanna just say thanks cause your hate is what gave me the strength\ 
So let em bic’s raise cause I came with 5’9 ? but I feel like I’m 6’8 ? 
I've had the conversation several times with different people but I still wonder how people go through life accepting the fact that they are terrible at their jobs .... or if they even realize ? 
Thanks for the GREAT 5 years . It has been MY PLEASURE ... unfortunately it was about 3 too many . 
