had a pretty awesome day .... bout to go < PROPFEMALE > with more awesomness .... tooodles .... 

boss man said not till eleven .... so i wait .... 
how does mercy feel bitches !!!! 21-9 ... thats game folks 
would like just one thing to go right today ..... 
phones shut off .... 
goin to the lake .... wooot ! 
my brosins are fuckin crazy ..... lol 
sometimes in life you go threw some really shitty patches , and makes you want to quit ..... and then something great happens and encourages you to move forward .... i love it when that happens ... 
i just need one more thing and we are < PROPFEMALE > ..... _* ~ blissful ~ *_ 
life is life and that is all it is 
correction ... ( lol ) life is life , weather it good or bad its still life and we are all here to get threw . Negitively or positively is the challenge can you hold up ?... 
well off to work . went tanning with the little sis ... a little burnt . lol o well . one more thing to roll with . :D 
im outta milk ..... found out the hard way you cant pan fry frozen pan cakes ... lol .... 
Drivin to durand to rescue my lil sis n find her cats ... Bring her back to her hell pretty much ... Luv ya sis lol ;) 
Got a new phone .. Long deserved .. Now i just gotta fix my car :/ 
So i finally did it . I quit my 20 year old bad habbit ! I Quit Bitin my Nails !!! Woot woot this is like day 9 er somthin .... YEAH < PROPMALE > 
so here i go to swipe a credit card .. the name pops up and i noticed the lady and i had the same last name ... the weird person i am celebrated by giving her a high 5 .. then a man at front counter over hears and says his is the same as well .... Oh what a DAY .... ;) lmao 
im starting a new job at a diner in farmington thats about to open ... GO ME ! GO ME ! GO ME ! 
t shirt + paint + work with bestie + training a newbie to be an ace = One hell of a great day ! ;) 
i like it next to the bed ... ;) 
So much to say no time or space to write it all ... Just tryin to take little bites when i have to . I cant stand girly drama , just throwin that out there .. My life has been bent outa shape the passed year with family n what not .. Just dont be a hater if i threw you on the back burner ... I still love you all .. ;) accept it or dont . 
my day just got a lot brighter .. :) 
* goofy modified MC Hammer dancin * my birthday is sunday ! thats in three days ... wicki wicki !!! 
another walk to work that i dont mind .. :) 
its funny what people will settle for when they can't have you .... lmao ... 
i love me ! ha ha ! 
my finger hurts !.... but its my own dumb fault .... but still ... owie ! 
work , pay phone < PROPMALE > and rent , after i exchange my quarters at the bank ..... herd some shit that i didnt like , bitch is bout to get confronted ..... why do i always find the white trash back stabber bitches .. lmao o well shell get hersss 
O what a day it has been ! 
fun stuffs over .. bfs 21 tomarrow ... preparty today ? ... hmmm lol 
my family would rather kill themselves than to own up and cooperate and have good healthy relationship ... what ever happened to give and take ?.. ima survivor , if im the last one standing , then so be it ,. im not afraid . im not guna give up , and im sure as hell not guna let anyone make me feel like they win .. im stronger than that 
BOOM SHE GOT YOUR BOYFRIEND ! SHE GOT YOUR MAN ! so dont be a hater when he would rather eat her cookies ..... its probly cuz hers got more sugar .... ;) love ya favorite !?! ;) 
Halsteds family diner now hiring dishwashers hostesses and waitstaff ! Under new management ! Hard workers only ! ;) (; 
solid headache for the second day in a row ... thinkin its cuz ima stress ball , what else is new ?? comps a peice a junk , house is a mess backed up on laundry ... i just feel like goin to sleep but cant .... UGGGH ! end it now !! 
slept bad on my eye now its weird .... everythings as if im looking threw my ( legally ) blind eye ... wish it would hurry up n work right this is dumb ! lol 
some people need to realize , you seem more powerful when you have the power AND DONT USE IT , than you do when you ABUSE IT !!! 
another absess in a place you never want it ... :?/ i just pray i dont have to go to the hospital for another surgery ... pray for me guys .. update in the morning ... 
I hate hospitals ... 
no surgery this time folks .. HA take that you stupid lumps ! new profile pic with no contrast boosters ... lol hope today is better than yesterday ... LUV YALL ! 
bout to go to work ... not the thing that puts me < PROPFEMALE > good mood ... but today im hangin by a string ... 
first smooth day of the week ... /YAY 
if you fart in a hefty bag ,... will it stink ? lmao ... cuz i need to do something .... ha ha ha ha 
Man today is already shitty .. just like most days ... 
YAY my boyfriend is not a turd after all ....!!! YAY pink umbrella ! i love you baby !.. 
dads left-over skedyn meatballs and pandora ... peace of mind ... :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > WOOT WOOT 
Idcc if it makes me a sissy ... Walkin in the rain sucks donkey balls 
yay i walked out in the rain and didnt melt ... musta had an angel on my shoulder ... :D 
think im gettin sick .... feel like i have a fever ... headache and muscle ache .... uhggg work .... 
so the days wasnt a complete disaster ... working at a fast pace job is hard enough without the throbbing headache and all over muscle aches .. 
i feel better ... my nose hurts tho ... lol better than yesterday still .. i gots tomarrow off !!! yay sleep ! yay benidryl 
i love when people assume they know whats going on and tell you instead of ask you .... some people need to learn better people skills ... 
So the US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals ... I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your first amendment is better than my Second Amendment ... Repost if you feel the same ! 
well i think im on the band wagon of ppl that are late to work ... < PROPFIRST > too ... Lol yay ... NOT . 
dte is a bunch of hoes ... and the company my apmnts < PROPMALE > threw are idgets ... double charging mofos ... i just hope it all works out ... 
new learned life lesson .... NEVER THROW OUT ALREADY PAID BILLS !!!! 
Omg might get into the 50s today woo hoo 
i hate being rushed .... i forgot my drink .. o well itll be there tomarrow i guess .. lol 
Same tree differnt day ... Lmao 
I out smarted the tree today ... I wore my favorite green sweater ..... It was confused ... :) 
just got home .... some people need to learn that tipping is not a city in < PROPFEMALE > .... and should learn her to do it ... just sayin .. :D 
< PROPFEMALE > expected day off .. bfs mad cuz he needs work done to his car and i have a whole day to do it but we didnt plan to do it ,.... i just dont < PROPFEMALE > derstand why its always taken out on me .... 
I love it .... I walk into work on my day off and its hell ! Lmao i love the feeling of being needed ... Ahhh .. Warm fuzzie feeling .. :) 
i think sunlight should be tested for extasy , cuz it seems like everyone loves everything more when the sun comes out ..... just sayin .. <3 :) <3 
my new picture looks alot cooler when you look at it up close ... i loves my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I wish it was less muddy but ill take muddy over icey anyday ! 
Fearless <3 
anyone rememeber those denim jumpsuits from like middle school ? and where the hell they sell them ?!... please help 
charmed , stinky dog breath in my face ahhh ... another morning with rain on my window .... 
i rememeber when she worked two jobs and came home at 1030 to make dinner .... now shes waiting for her power chair to be delivered .... this just gets harder and harder to deal with ..... : ' -( 
i think today is going to be a beautiful day ... i just hope my attitude matches ... lol felt kinda bitchy yesterday ..... just sayin .. <3 * ~ knocking on wood ~ * <3 
Off n walkin to work ... I have a love hate relationship with frost . :/ 
I hate shitty tippers and , if you leave a tip for a waitress on credit .. MAKE SURE YOU ADD THE TIP IN THE TOTAL OR YOUR WAITRESS WILL HUNT YOU DOWN AND KILL YOUR DUMB ASS !!! 
time to start laundry and clean house . pandora is my bestest friend ... aside from ashwee and favorite .. WOO ! 
<3 *peaces* <3 
extra crunchy peanut butter <3 welches strawberry preserves <3 sofe white bread <3 topicana 100% apple juice <3 and pawn stars on dvr ... how could it get any better ? <3 
A new beautiful day .. 
yay its 40's today ! ( i hope ) i <3 ' s the sun 
i just had one of the hottest cinnibuns in my shower ..... hes lucky i have a man equally as hot .... just wish he didnt catch me checkin him out ! o well im about to use my shower .. mmm high pressure !......... 
wish i had a job that actually paid me ..... 
things are looking up for me for once .... i have an oppertunity to make a lot more money ... maybe even a career !!! * GO ME * 
Watched my American Idol , getting dolled up , and off to work . And , Im going to start my day in a positive way by confident in mind body and soul . Anyone who wants to break me down by digging at my small improfections will just be checked off ... 
getting ready for the rest of a great day ! <3 :) <3 
well guys ... i did it . i got the job . :) i love my life right now . no worries ... except my messy house !!! im the happiest i have ever been ... after that im speechless ;) <3 
aaliyah- Try Again .... taking me back .. :) 
shopping for new job clothes tomarrow .. YAY ! <3 :) 
Got myself a 9-5 and couldnt feel better ... Its about time i did something for myself . Lets see if today is as * intresting * as yesterday lmao ! 
i need a fricken i pod cord to get all this death/retard rap off my ipod ..... Never lettin a guy take over my music stash EVER AGAIN ! lmao 
seriously done trying to find businesses in the ghetto ! And the ghetto ass hoes ! 
East side walkin out ... Word ! 
The wind and clouds are enough ... I dont need rain on top of it ... Specially cuz i dont have a car to sheild me from it .... :( thought i had a good job but i guess not ... Im < PROPFEMALE > bumbed ... I thought it was guna be better than this ... 
omg shawns been going to bed early every night cuz some ding bat tried to hack into the playstation network ... so the system has been down for like 5 days ... lmfao ... no more online gaming for now ... I LOVE IT .. its like stickin it to the man without ME actually sticking it to him ... the game felt bad for me .. ha ha ha .. i love my perception on shit sometimes .. 
lets pretend its not guna suck walking in the rain today .... O boy ... Here goes nuthin .. Haha .. 
good job its about damn time amaerica ! eff you osama !! 
although i do not enjoy my job or being away from my wonderfully awesome/sexy ass bf , And my sweet little noodle .. </3 I am enjoying the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > weather here in cadillac .. Probly gunna have my first pink face of the year .. :) 
feels sooo good to be back with my mini family ... lmao .. getting promoted monday .. i need a Team Name ... any suggestions ... ( other team names in the office ... imagine , supremicy , godzilla , motivize , sweet , missile ) i was guna use hustle .. but i think i could have a better one ... SHARING IS CARING \ 
<3 ! -) <3 
mista luva luva !.... i hope the thunder booms today .. ;) lol 
in the market for a job agian .... any ideas .... also on the look out for a carpet cleaner ..... \ 
mmm chinese food .... lmao random <3 
waka ... waka flocka ... waka flocka flames bitch ! lmfao ... im < PROPFEMALE > hood ... ha ha ha\ 
reconize bitches ! ha ha <3 ! ) 
lol on the phone with my boyfriends pocket .... cute .. \ 
<3 
<~~~ is bored .... any ideas ? 
sleeping this day away and liking it better than watchin tv .... :/ 
love makes me treat you the way that i do ,.. gee baby aint i good to you ?... \ 
~ the mask ... yeah < PROPMALE > sundays arent all bad !.. lol 
i love how everything is about politics ... right down to fast food .... 
lmao never saw that one coming ... i wana say something else but wont .. lol 
o m f g ........ sooo bored ..... 
if your pissed off at a guy listen to this song ... breaking point- < PROPFEMALE > hilson .. :) love yall . 
