knows that < PROPFEMALE > did it ! 

is hoping for some decent weather this weekend .... 
says \three cheers to 6 amazing years ! \"" 
is still drying off from a very wet camping trip ... 
ugh .... 
just got home from a great day at Splish Splash 
is glad Cailyn finally fell asleep ... 
is crazy tired ... 
is not quite ready for softball ... 
enjoyed the Jersey shore this weekend ... 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful wife ! 
needs more sleep . 
two days till Disney !! 
Just flew in from < PROPMALE > and boy are my arms tired ... 
is ready to catch a foul ball tomorrow in Pittsburgh ! 
singing me and Pujols down at the Westin ... 
is excited about his ( kinda ) new car !!!! 
In Sanchez we trust .... 
is lovin the new ride ! 
is enjoying the day off .. just me and my kiddies !! 
Same ol Jets .... 
Looking forward to taking the kids out trick or treating ... happy halloween everybody ! 
another Monday ... sigh . 
Happy Turkey day ! 
Spending the day with my girls , while my boy enjoys some time with < PROPFEMALE > ( and < PROPFIRST > ) .... 
is happy to have working internet again ! 
Bring on the blizzard ..... 
t-minus 12 hours until the start of such much needed time off !!!! 
is doing the < PROPFEMALE > thing .... 
Enjoying a nice xmas morning with two very happy kiddies ... thank you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
is prepping for his little girl's 1st Birthday party ! 
wants to wish everyone a happy , healthy 2011 , and hopes he can join the healthy ranks soon ! 
' s body is still recovering from the Jet's game ... 
thanks the Jetties for coming through today ! 
On the weekend to do list- win another WCA , spend time with the fam ., watch the Jetties win , crawl for the king .. sounds good to me ! 
is looking forward to a Monday afternoon nap . 
is having a nice quiet night with the kids . 
is going to have to resort to using toothpicks to keep his eyes open today ... 
hates seeing his little girl sick .... 
so close , yet so far away ... 
this is my kind of weekend ! 
has visions of lounging on the recliner , feet up and enjoying some quiet time ... 
Yeah comedy Wednesday ! 
no snow , no snow ..... 
loves Superbowl Sunday ! 
snow day with the kids ... 
will be watching the opening ceremonies tonight . 
is donning his chef's hat to make a nice home-cooked < PROPFIRST>'s day meal for his beautiful wife and awesome kids ! 
is tired from ( and of ) being sick ... hopefully this weekend will bring some mch needed rest and recovery . 
2 NYC public school snow days in 2 weeks ? That's more than I had in my entire school career ! 
hopes the visit to the doc will finally get me healthy ! 
is starting to feel better .... finally ! 
so much for a #1 seed .... 
Happy St < PROPFEMALE>'s day ! 
would rather be drinking a Guinness ... 
gives 2 thuumbs up to street meat ! 
and two thumbs down to spelling .... 
Yanks Sox ... what a great way to start baseball seaon ! 
welcomes two new members to the Donnelly family , < PROPFEMALE > , a blue parakeet , and Cutie , a green parakeet ! 
an audible has been called on the bird names ... so say hello to Jeter and < PROPFIRST > , the Donnelly pet parakeets ! 
and the softball season begins ! 
is Santonio Holmes the answer ? 
is this day over yet ? 
is this day over yet part 2 .... its like Groundhog day over here .... 
rainout :-( 
half day ..... hooray !!!!! 
gotta love < PROPFEMALE > and 80 ! 
realized this morning why people have those insanely oversized umbrella ( as I sit at work soaked to the bone cause my standard size umbrella was useless ) . 
hates allergies ... 
back in the grind . 
welcomes his new niece , < PROPFEMALE > Grace Copp , born today . 
Cuse for the weekend ..... 
thanks everyone for their birthday wishes ! 
is gonna see the Yanks tonight ( at least what's left of them , they're dropping like flies ... ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Jam tonight !! 
is pleasantly surprised by the new STP album . 
let the countdown to a long weekend begin ! 
Yanks tonight ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , the next Nets coach ? 
is it the weekend yet ? 
Goin to Yanks-Mets !!! 
summertime !! 
blah ............... 
this is not the way I was hoping my work week would beign ..... 
bye bye < PROPFEMALE > .... 
countdown to an awesomely busy July 4th weekend has begun ! 
camping ! 
hopes his wife enjoys a nice adult weekend with friends and family up in Syracuse , and looking forward to having some good daddy time with Ry and Cai while she's away .... 
about to start an unexpected extra day with the kids .... 
ugh ugh ugh 
is glad we had some shade at the Yankee game today ... man is it hot out ..... 
Happy 29th Birthday to my wonderful wife ! 
Hello Friday , good to see you !! 
back to work after a wonderful weekend with my family ! 
two more days of work until vacation week !! 
alomst time ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > Beach , here we come ! 
return to Revis Island !!!! 
welcomes the newest member of the Donnelly clan ... our new puppy Revis !!! 
Looking foward to some JETS tonight , now just have to get through the day ..... 
here's to new beginnings ... 
is looking forward to some large pad tonight !!! 
Melo to the Nets ??!? That would be something ... 
is trudging through training in Texas .... only a day and a half left ! 
all hail < PROPMALE > Stavship 
countdown to three day weekend ....... 
Now that's a comeback !!!!! 
Yanks tonight , jamming tommorrow and watching football on Sunday .. not a bad to do list ! 
1-0 is a much better start than 0-18 !! 
Nets game tonight with my son ! 
yeah day off tomorrow ! 
My little boy is 7 today !!! Man , does time fly .... 
a/c tomorrow !! 
Here's to the start a short work week ! 
Looking forward to a day of family , food , football , and fun . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
ugh ... Monday blows ! 
is hoping to avoid the stomach virus that's hit up the rest of the family one by one ..... 
says \it ain't hardcore unless it's hexicore .... megagigabytes son ! \"" 
extends condolences to Mets fans everywhere .... Halladay , < PROPFIRST > , Hamels and Oswalt ?... oh my ..... 
is looking forward to a quiet night with the kids ! 
It's beginning to feel a lot like x-mas ! 
Is it xmas yet ? 
sick :-( 
is hoping my tummy has improved enough that I can enjoy some x-mas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s Shanghai tonight .... 
enjoying a successful , though early , christmas morning ! 
can celebrate a great Jets victory , at least for a week .... 
Islanders game tonight with the family ! 
Jets baby !!! 
nets 
no Melo for the Nets .... 
needs to catch up on sleep tonight !! 
Thanks to all who braved the cold and came out to see the Rogues on Saturday night !!! 
prepping for the big game ! 
A quiet night before a jam-packed saturday ! 
D-Will's Net debut tonight !!! 
Tired .... 
go cuse ! 
draft day ! 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
had a great time with the family at the Nets game last night . And cailyn got us on the jumbotron for the second time this year !!! 
http://vimeo.com/21335122 
