Oh wow The Pee wee < PROPMALE > show is filming this month in Los < PROPFEMALE > . Crap only $26 why'd it have to be this month . ToT 

I don't think office chairs are made for skinny people , the back is sooo far away I'm always hunched over . I used to have perfect posture . ToT 
I beat my sleeping record . Went to bed at around 7pm Sat and woke up around 7pm Sun with out sleeping pills which I don't take . I wanted to see how it would feel to sleep that long so I consciously allowed it . Felt amazing at waking though a few hours later the fast heart beat of restlessness began which I so hate . So many things on my mind . Bleh , bury myself in study then work out for long time . 
Is there a way to not show new friends that everyone adds in the feed ? I don't mind groups or fan pages , as I've found quite a few mutual likes that way , but I really don't need to know every person that everybody adds of which 99% of time I don't know . : o 
Vagabond Opera <3 Portland truly has many treasures ! Someone will kidnap me for their next trip , yes ? 
I tried the Perfect Pushup . It's easier though I still dislike the strain a push up puts on my body . I think I favor swinging a heavy sword around . Works the entire upper body . I wanna ninja train in the mountains and pity the big < PROPFEMALE > or bear that tries to make a meal out of me rwar . 
In SF today . Most likely will attend Death Guild for a bit . 
Godzilla wants to be my friend on myspace . Apparently he raps . 
Tomorrrow in San < PROPFIRST > for Japantown meetup and < PROPFIRST > Bowie themed night at DNA Lounge . 
I'm using a katana for a walking stick . I feel like Master Splinter . 
Attacked by a crazed person on the road while on the way back last night . Thankfully my friend that was in my company and I were not harmed that I know of during the < PROPMALE > . At the moment I'm not sure whether it was a random crazy , or an intentional attack . It is being looked into . More details shortly . 
The law is negative and lazy . I'm not calling 911 anymore , I'll handle things myself in future incidents . The person was identified but looks like he'll be getting away with it . 
Two nights of Faith and the Muse . <3 After party in a cemetery mausoleum with the gang & the spirits was a memorable night . The next night at the DNA was a euphoric experience ! So worth driving the night with only one contact on haha .. 
I need a hair cut .. 
I don't think I'll quite be able to afford Bats Day ... :( I guess this means new outfit and a hair cut . 
I found out my last name is actually with a Z . Now I can be authentic Zorro . 
Is it easier to keep up with facebook streams with a touch screen mobile ? I don't bother with Twitter .. o.O 
I think I'm a bit too good at finding things to do ... O.o 
Sometimes I wonder why my mom didn't make a career of construction . She loves Home Depot . 
It seems the US is trying to ban non Genetically modified foods . Clearly this corporate control will be very profitable for some , though I wonder if this has another purpose . We are what we eat ... 
Like the Earth having a multitude of organisms working together to maintain environments , and as a whole - maintaining life itself on this traveling rock , so are we made up of a multitude of organisms living and forfiling tasks as a whole . So remember , you're not just caring for yourself , but your entire bio-community . Billions of species < PROPFEMALE > in the balance ! I hope you're good with pets ! xP 
When we have little purpose we find ourselves not knowing what to do with our time - an excess of time . As we find interests and they build up we find ourselves short on time struggling to keep up . In this age of mass information after years of accumulation ... I long for a brain upgrade to keep up with my streams ! xD 
Ack first tire malfunction ever . Air nozzle bleh . Mental note a mother being displeased for going elsewhere on a mothers day and several friends not being able to afford to go results in bad luck . > . @ No Powwow and no weirdos . ToT 
I like going places alone just not what it costs lol 
Last night was a lot of fun I'm glad I decided to go . < PROPFEMALE > Toxicat's Protea and < PROPFEMALE > Krueger's dancing created an other worldly atmosphere that I love . Nice to see everyone and getting to take a nap on the way back and waking up in Stockton haha . 
Hair and outfit complete . Thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > you're awesome ! <3 
Went to Fanimecon with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and did some fliering for Apparition . Somehow managed to run into < PROPFEMALE>'s group , and found me a Pedo Bear . xD Picked up Marrisa and arrived super fashionably late for The Box , but ran into some familar faces , and had a nice sunrise at the beach . I should of taken more photos . D: 
Last night was a lot of fun , thanks everyone involved and who came out . < PROPFIRST > thanks for playing some X Japan haha . Working on pics and vid . 
lol first date cougar ad's now prison pen pals what'd I post that brought that on , pirates ?? xD 
This weekend is Japanese Cultural Fair in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and NorCal Pirate Fest in Vallejo . Both are free . Who's going ? \ 
http://www.jcfsantacruz.org/\ 
http://www.norcalpiratefestival.com 
Ploting ... ploting ... my escape ... 
mmm ads for tractors and ammo . Who wants to fire a machine gun at targets while on a tractor with me ? xP 
Grown tired of Firefox's slow start ups I've switched over to Chrome and I likes it so far ! <3 I'll miss Foxkeh though .. 
Is there a way to not have some recent activity display ? I really hate when it fills up my wall . I think most don't care to follow every comment someone has ever made on facebook >_> 
I haz Google voice number for voicemail & texts : 1(209 ) 691-3335 
I forced myself to sleep for 24 hours to catch up on my rest , tonight I'll Galvanic & Ultrasound massage my face , followed by < PROPMALE > mask in morning in preparation for makeup tomorrow for concert . Vanity <3 
Enjoyed my first time seeing D'espairsRay after being fan for years . It was weird day but I had fun with everyone . :D 
looks like Death Guild tonight 
What's your opinion of this ? Let's discuss ... :) \ 
\ 
http://www.probablefuture.com/RI_Secrets_Revealed.pdf 
Current Facebook ad's~ \ 
Vampire Documentary + Build your civilization + Organogenesis Careers = Conquer the world and feast on the bloody organs of humans ? 
I've definitely come to realize that I in fact do get more MPG half a sleep than awake . 
3D Wesker in yo face ! 
Getting high off of frequencies is a nice side effect . xD 
See those of you that are going tomorrow . :) 
I'd seen X Japan at the prior filming's in LA but seeing them actually perform live was amazing ! Toshi's vocals effortlessly fill the room and gets everyone energized , my eyes were caught on Sugizo's graceful playing style as usual , and Yoshiki is like a happy child on stage playing the shit out of his instruments . :D Easily another zomg this is the best concert ever moment like when I saw Versailles . 
VAMPS put on a sexy sexy show . They got everyone moving . :3 Hyde goes all out . I can see how free he feels in VAMPS . As a souvenir I caught one of the glow in the dark guitar picks he threw in my eye ! xD Afterwards headed out to The Batcave SF for the rest of the night with the others . :) 
Wow it's morning and I don't feel like crap for once . Either my < PROPFIRST > has gotten stronger or it's cause I slept for 17 hours yesterday . :P 
I want a cat with no eyes . I'll name him Zatoichi and give him a mini sword to wear on his back . He'll be trained as a kitten and left on the door steps of people I don't like :3 
shit I'm doing too good a job , the petition site is starting to lag lol 
During a puppets life it will have many hands inside it . So the question becomes , who enjoys this ' fisting ' more the puppet or the puppeteer ? 
If I ate your liver how many days drunk would I stay ? 
My myspace is so pretty I want to date it . You're lucky you're so flexible & high-spirited or I'd dump you for being a plain < PROPFEMALE > Facebook . 
One must always remember that the objective is to redeem the opposition to ally and friend , even if their utter destruction would be so very very easy to accomplish in an intellectual Dynasty Warriors like fashion . In these activist campaigns I must always remember this , even if the oppositions comments upset me . 
Yayyy spook house today to make up for voting non-sense stress . > . o Voted mainly Green and 2 Democrats . 
Halloween festivities night 3 ! Last night Sacramento was pounced and free wine bottles were knifed open to be enjoyed immediately ! <3 Tonight we shall brave the chaos of San < PROPFIRST > ! 
And then the villains danced in rejoice over their victories to power and welcomed & praised their guests to their mad tea party who waved their banners of civil disobedience - for without their help true reform may just have occurred , and that would have been very bad for business ! 
You know you have a lot of music when it takes more than 24 hours to simply skim through it to decide what to add to your ipod . >.< 
What are you doing for Turkey day ? 
My friend < PROPFEMALE > is looking for a Screen Print designer in the Sacramento area that can print something on fabric in b&w . She would need it by Dec 14th . She can pay $25 her email is : GlamRockRoyalty18@yahoo.com 
Been so busy lately . Going to participate in a fashion school show tonight . I've never walked a runway before . This should be interesting . :3 
Last night lured out the Lunar Eclipse with < PROPFEMALE > L . Witzig while dancing to Klaus Nomi - Total Eclipse & Malice Mizer - gekka no yasoukyoku and other Lunar music :D 
Foooooook that was a lot of editing .. 
Anyone heading to LA for NYE , or wanting to ? 
Going over options . Anyone looking for roommates in bay area , or Sacramento region ? 
Take a black coal , apply enough pressure to it and eventually it will shine , illuminate with clarity and cut through all bullshit . The gem will also have the ability to play with light and shadow . 
So what are you doing for New Years < PROPFEMALE > ? 
