ugghhh too much internet , is that possible ? 

A chicken and an egg are lying in bed . The chicken is smoking a cigarette with a satisfied smile on its face and the egg is frowning and looking put out . The egg mutters to no one in particular , \I guess we answered that question . \"" 
oh I love finding new artists who are this awsome ! :D 
This is weird , I woke up after only a few hours of sleep and I'm 100% awake . Maybe it was the thunder . 
Will someone explain to me why my body chose to wake up at quarter to six ? 
It's never too early for Christmas music : ) 
Watching horror movies with a headache was a bad idea , everytime I scream it gets worse :( 
If she'd been dumber , she'd have been happier . 
If god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . 
I think every sucessful person was just dreaming at some point . Nothing will happen unless you believe in you possibilities . 
The facebook tricks : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU !!! 
wants to go to the beach and wants coconut water . 
is going to the beach ! 
( 304 ): what part of covering your puke with shaving cream seemed like a good idea ? 
I am not signed into aim or msn and I keep hearing the sound of someone signing onto your < PROPMALE > list . How concerned should I be ? you know the sound , like the door opening or shutting :/ ... does that mean I have a virus or something ? 
The only thing I want to do is eat , eat , eat . It's a good thing my pocket has a bottom even if my stomach doesnt . 
beach again ? 
Is everyone officially home for the Week ? 
Sometimes there really is nothing better than a good movie . Recommend a movie you think I'd Like ! 
Oh I'm ruined ! The Emperor's New School is available for me to watch by season , online , on netflix =D 
Use common sense and don't question your instincts ... don't be like me 
Should I expect the mall to be playing Christmas and Holiday songs yet ? 
is convinced life wouldn't be quite the same without Seinfeld ... or maybe just a good laugh 
NYC is awsome during the holidays , it's litterally Christmas lights , decorations and displays on every street corner . Holiday sales in all the stores and everywere has the warm smell of roasted nuts from the street vendors . 
making playlists should be recommended by professionals 
Why is it that Law & Order can never play just 1 or 2 episodes ? Everytime I sit down to watch this show , I'm still sitting here hours later ... this is why I don't watch tv 
misses her friends !!! It's sad that everyone's so far away !!!! 
Dispite my better judgement , I'm going to watch a move ... then go to sleep . 
I just ordered pizza online , it's times like this I love < PROPFEMALE > ! ... but am mildly disturbed by our culture 
fml , why am I awake ! 
... deaf , dumb , church and blind 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
I love NY !!! 
My book list is growing beyond my ability to fathom how to get through them all . It's scary , I think I need a plan or something to control time . ( Book donations are welcomed ! ) 
first day back at school 
My love for Seinfeld will never stop growing :) 
once again fb changes the layout wtf 
\It's like freaking Narnia outside \"" 
This is sooo sad :'( RIP < PROPFIRST > McQueen 
< PROPMALE > Curry does a fabulous drag ! 
I hopefully will never have to pull an all nighter again , I'm not used to this anymore will do my best to not let it happen again . * groans * 
>:( 
SWEET ! class registration went very well :) 
there's a rooster crowing somewhere in the vicinity of my house o_O 
music = love 
is coming to E-town today !!! 
I have this feeling that I'll be having pop-quizes in all my classes today , I don't like it 
I need shock therapy to stop puasing movies when they get embarassing 
everything in life should be covered in chocolate :P 
I'm annoyed that I didn't do this a week ago , I'm annoyed that my nap lasted two hours longer than planned , I'm annoyed that instead of waking up and doing my work I read a book and watched Law & Order , I'm pissed that the sun lied to me and it was already night eventhough it was still bright out and I'm even more annoyed with myself that I really really don't feel like doing this paper 
stupid allergies ... stupid beef ramen >;( 
and he came so highly recommended ... 
It took me all of 20 minutes to figure out that my alarm was actually an alarm . I kept scrolling through my contacts and menu trying to reprogram my phone so the noise would stop and I couldn't understand why snooze was an option ... fml 
I've always thought that I would love to live by the sea . To travel the world alone and live more simply . I have no idea what's happened to that dream because there's nothing left here to stop me ... It's just a thought , only a thought 
I <3 food porn :p 
is coming to E-town tomorrow !!!!! 
I dread being tagged in anything from last night :o 
Every Sunday should be spent as such 
the damn birds won't stop chirping outside my window >:( 
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture . Just get people to stop reading them . \ 
-Mahatma Gandhi 
Why do I feel so sick ? I don't have time to be sick until next week >:-( 
Finally done with school , feels so good to get some sleep ! Sorry if I've been ' out of touch ' with anyone because I was so busy 
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes ! \ 
<3<3<3 
I would like to become a functioning and productive member of society again 
Perhaps I never came with any perception of a short skirt ? This seems to be a reoccurring theme in my life . 
Can't sleep , anyone up ? 
how awful it is to dream :( 
something needs to change 
My entire vocabulary has been reduced to ' lol ' fml 
Amazing weekend with < PROPFEMALE > Sinclair ! Love Love Love the city at Christmas <3 
One week to go , crunch time . 
One final down two more to go 
so much for a nap ... 10hrs later 
:( 
I messed up :/ 
Who's up ? 
