I have said my part .. I have made my decision , and I am no longer engaged . 

So my old cell phone is now deactivated . And I am still in uncomfortable pain on my right side ( shoulder , spine , and arm . ) So this quote is needed today : \You were only given this life because you're strong enough to live it . \"" 
The pain won't go away .. Stupid doctor has to be closed on the one day I am off during the week . Go figure . 
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I am exhausted . Every week has been interesting lately , and I never can guess what will happen next . So what is my option ? Have faith and pray to god I will land on something solid . 
Sleep . A five letter word that does wonders . 
I forgot how good it feels to talk to someone for hours and never run out of things to say . 
It's not up to me anymore . If you want me in your life , you have to put me there . - Unknown 
If you want to be 26 and act like a 5 year old , be my guest . Just leave me out of the game . 
I honestly hate how much pain I am in still after almost two months . But as much as I bitch about the pain , i'm more terrified to know what is really wrong . Damn my stubborness ! 
And here we start another work week .. What will it bring ? Do I ever know ? It is just as much fun though ! 
And now I remember why I hate the lying .. 
Okay , so I was up for 35 hours straight . Crashed and had the best night sleep in forever . I have an appointment tomorrow at 4:15 . 
I am so glad that you are happy !! Things are things . I'm single again , if you haven't noticed that already . It has been a crazy few months ! I miss you ! 
Physical Therapy , Muscle Relaxers , X-rays , and Anti-Inflammatories . Oh yeah , and no diagnosis of what is wrong . -- All adds up to my results from today's doctor appointment . 
And then I thought it wouldn't hurt .. Oh how I was wrong . 
I am exhausted .. And there is no end in sight . This < PROPFEMALE > is running around like a crazy woman ! 
I know shes kind of socially retarded and weird , but shes my best friend . - Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ! My extended family ! 
The puppies are clean .. And I am just awaiting the result from all that stuff . Not negative thinking , just realistic . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > had a puppy date tonight .. So cute . :) 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! We need to get together one of these days ! 
Is in a huge amount of pain ... > < 
Is at her mommie's in Pasadena ! And i'm stupid apparently . lol 
And today I was reminded at 2AM how strong I am not . 
My back is tense on my right side when I turn to the left . Go figure . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is in horrible pain from her shoulder . Damn those dishes ! 
Update on Mom : Arrived at the bus station at 12:45 pm [ after assistance from her daughter with directions . ] Arrived in Nacadoghes at 3:45 ( or so . ) Arrived in Longview at 5:30 ( or so . ) Off onto Amtrak Train .. Love you , mommy ! 
Update on mom : She made it to Wisconsin without killing anyone . The bitch is back . Miss you , mommy ! 
As much as I want to be .. There is something stopping me . Why do I have a feeling that this is a sign ? 
Doctor : Your blood pressure is really high . Are you stressed out ? Me : Nah , my life is peachy .. * snicker * 
Has drugs again !!! Okay , that just sounds -really- bad . But still . 
So people are asking how I am ... Right now ? Pretty relaxed for the first time in a long time while sober . Earlier ? Not so good . Mental breakdown here I came . Oh well , life goes on . 
For the first time in awhile .. I really don't know what to say . 
Happy Birthday , Stace ! Enjoy ! 
Happy birthday , < PROPFEMALE > !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Pankow 
I think I caught a cold .. Damn . 
Happy Birthday , Uncle Vic !! I love you ! 
So ... It is snowing outside in < PROPMALE > , Texas . 
So , going to bed at 5:30 really isn't such a smart idea . Damn body . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > !! 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > . I can't believe it has been another year . 
Here is to another 12+ hour day . Let us hope I can make it without killing someone . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! I will see you soon , momma ! 
Happy Birthday , < PROPMALE > ! :) 
So , I am off to the beginning of my early four months . Wish me luck . 
Is it Friday yet ? :) Only two more days to go .. 
I need to stop replaying the scenarios in my head over and over again ... 
Happy New Year , everyone . Here is to happiness and luck ! 
What happens when you have no dinner and a lot of alcohol in a short time period ? A severe hangover ! 
So I ended up crashing for a few hours . I feel a bit better . But I dont think my stomach can handle more alcohol today . Damn . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > playing Wii Games . Entertainment in its finest . 
Headed home . Time to curl up under a warm blanket and sleep !!!! Love ya < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Mental note : Big Daddy is NOT a plumber . 
I will never understand why somethings happen .. RIP to those we lost today . We will miss you all . 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! We miss you at CKP ! 
Happy Birthday , momma ! I will give you a call tomorrow ! See you on Friday ! 
14 days ! 
13 days ! 
12 days .. Going on 11 days ! By the way , Congratulations , baby ! I'm happy for you ! 
FYI - I don't need anymore < PROPFEMALE > Nests in Farm Country .. I am at 5 . Lol 
I want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes , however , I am still 10 days away from the actual date . February 2nd .. :-) Love you all . 
And then I only pray that things won't go back to what they were ... 
\On the closet door . \"" 
At 2:14 pm , I will be officially 22 ... Good grief , here goes another year . :-) 
As I sit here alone in the apartment while < PROPFIRST > is at work , I have to remember the past year . The tears , the fights , the days that I wished would end . The millions of times I < PROPFIRST > at the top of my lungs to a song . The phone calls I made to mom crying , wishing for another way out . And all the times that I was told that I was so wrong in my actions . 
It is amazing how well animals can sense that something is wrong .. My baby . 
Since most of the important people know now , it might as well be said . After having some < PROPMALE > complications , it has been determined that I have hypoglycemia to some extent . I'm managing it to the best of my ability , but it is another stone in my path that I must go over with the help of god . 
What does one do when crying seems like the best solution ? Go to sleep . Night ya'll . 
So , that was fun . < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > for a few hours . Now what to make for dinner .... 
I love getting home and having dinner made already for me .. It's awesome . 
I have been sitting here trying to figure out what I feel . And the only word I can come up with is ' Defeated . ' Where does one go from here ? I dunno . 
Okay . Usually , I can keep myself busy on FaceBook without a problem . Well , I think my brain is finally just done with today . I'm going to go curl up in bed and whimper now . G'night everyone ! 
Oh and so I make a bowl of rice to calm my stomach .. Guess what ? I dropped it after only like 5 bites . Lovely . 
So , it is 7:12 AM on the first day that I go into work at 10 . Why am I up ? Because this damn cold has me coughing like hell . Lovely . 
Had a nice visit from a friend last night . I think we figured out that we miss each other's company . As for today ? I have almost no voice and my throat is stinging like hell . Oh what fun . 
So . Today was day 3 without a voice . I have become the laugh of the town . Normal . 
For those that are wondering , Mom is about 3 hours away from being back in < PROPMALE > , Texas . She made it to Longview around 8:30 this morning or so . See you tomorrow , momma ! 
So , what do you do when you can't get rid of a sinus migraine ? You go take a nap . Later ! 
So now that I am totally exhausted .. I still need to make the bed , finish cleaning up the bedroom and take a shower . I have a feeling I am so going to crash tomorrow .. 
What happens when you go from double dosing of Bipolar meds to the single dose ? You have a lot of ups and downs . Up = Waking up Down = Getting Ready for work Up = After eating lunch Down = Doing paperwork Up = Talking about DWTS with the work crew Down = Waiting on < PROPFIRST > to pick me up Up = Sitting down at dinner Down = Driving home from dinner Lord help us . Tomorrow is another double dose . 
Okay . It is now 11 o'clock and I work all day tomorrow . I'm off to bed . Night ya'll! 
Chillin at PWA . Quite a few nice things to look at . :) 
So , I am sick again . Well , we think it never went away . More mess to pick up tomorrow . And my other niece may be born any day . Wow , everything happens when I am off for three days . 
$50 dollars later - Stronger antibotics ( levaquin ) and stronger cough syrup ( tussinex w/ codine . ) Best shit ever . Let us hope this works . 
Happy Anniversary , baby . Five years and we both are still alive . I love you . :-) 
So , it is Saturday night . I am still coughing like hell three weeks later . < PROPFIRST > bought himself his bday present early . Life is a piece of work . Just when u think you have ends met , they move the ends . 
So , it has been brought to my attention that a slight hospital stay could be in my near future . Just what I wanted to do before < PROPFIRST>'s birthday . Oh lovely . 
So , I have determined that some of my neighbors are complete idiots . Why would you unlock your front door and then close it with the keys still in the lock ? To top it off , lock the door from the inside ? Lord help me . 
It is Friday . Can I make it through the day ? We shall see . 
So , it is finally Thursday . Can we survive 18 more hours ? Who knows . 
One more pipe stack needed in Country Life . : -0 ) 
Dont ask for my help if you are going to be pissy if the outcome is not what you want . 
It is after midnight and I am still awake . Why ? it isn't a good time to ask . 
So , it is truly the thought that counts . < PROPFIRST > made sure that I had food in the oven when I got home from work . Such a wonderful boyfriend ! :-) 
So , either my family is pissed at me ( for whatever reason ) or there is something going on with facebook / cell phones . Interesting . 
Since I can't convience my body to sleep with my normal medication ; maybe nigh t-t ime sinus medicine will knock me on my butt . Or not . :-( We will see . 
I feel like I need someone [ who I have a long history with full of love , passion , confusion and happiness ] to find me and ask me to spend the next hour on the phone with talking about everything and nothing . \ 
\ 
Ultimately ? I guess you could say I feel lost without this person . What a day . 
If your Mom is your hero , your best friend \ 
or just the best Mother ever , whether you are blessed to have your Mom \ 
still with you or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this \ 
intoyour status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom and you love\ 
her .? 
I survived another day . Now my head hurts , I want to strangle a few people , and I do NOT want to go back tomorrow . Typical day at work . :-) 
Four shots were fired outside my apartment . Great way to wake up at 3:30 am . 
Many asked how I was today . I'm not doing much better to be honest . But one thing I have learned is to pick yourself up and keep on going . I need to get away and be surrounded by people that make me smile , make me laugh , and maybe even give me a good time . Come on 5 o'clock tomorrow ! 
So today was interesting . Shopping , working , drinking , eating homemade pizza , and now PWA . What more can I ask for ? We shall see since my entertainment is near . 
So yesterday was quite a crazy day . off to < PROPFEMALE > out with momma for the rest of today and then home to see my babies ( yes , all three of them . ) And of course , tomorrow starts hell week again . But at least family is coming in town this week . That should brighten it up some . :-) 
So mom convinced me to purchase a new laptop . It is quite pretty . But I still feel guilty . Go figure . 
So , I have felt sick to my stomach for the past 16 hours now . I think it is time to shower , put away dinner , take some pain killers and take the dogs out . All of this requiring being on my right foot that [ most likely ] has a torn tendon in it . Night ya'll . 
So , I have determined that a few unnamed people believe that I am a failure and worthless . Watch me . 
So when you get asked a question like \do you still want to marry me ? \ " I dont think the answer should be \ " I dont want to fight with you . \ " I think it is time to end today . " 
Everyone says that we all go through a time period where everything changes . My time has come . I cannot promise that I will be the same in the end . Here's to life going on with or without the person I used to be . 
So , I am at dinner for Johns birthday . Boy do I feel physically ill and out of place . 
So , we are off to Wallis for the pre-memorial day cook-out . It is hot as hell outside . Welcome to summer ! 
So there is some good looking food outside , but because of the heat and this damn migraine , I dont feel up to eating . Boy I will lose a lot of weight this summer if this continues . 
So I managed to get little < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > asleep finally . Now if I can only stay awake until everyone is done watching Avatar in the living room ; all will be good . Can I make it though ? Lord only knows . 
So having a 3 1/2 day weekend should NOT be this miserable . I want this sinus pressure to go away ! 
Happy Memorial Day , Great Grandpa . Even though you haven't been around for 9 years , I know you are watching over me with all your love . I love you and miss you ! 
My baby got me a chick-fil-a cow , Nivea soap , < PROPMALE > & cheese , pasta salad and a chocolate chip cookie dough blizzard . How sweet ! 
Half day at work and then I get to go to the doctor . The remaining part of the day will be spent chillin ' with my momma ! Come on 12:30 ! 
So after today , I have determined that people are out to tell me how screwed up I truly am . It is lovely . 
So < PROPFIRST > and I are at Red < PROPFIRST > . Then off to see the Astros play . In the heat , gotta love it ! 
I truly despise children that are jumping off of the second floor staircase without supervision . where are the parents ?? 
So after 30+ minutes in the pool with < PROPFEMALE > , we are getting ready to go and get some dinner . Let us see how much trouble we can get into tonight . 
Someone recently told me that it is difficult to determine who you can trust when you don't even trust yourself . Isn't this the truth . 
So I got my answer , and it wasn't the one I was hoping for . I guess it is time to finally accept the truth and live with the consequences . Gotta love having to lay in your own bed after making a mess of it . 
So I have about 18-20 hours left of work this week . The next two days should be interesting as thehy will be even crazier than today . Lord let us hope that I make it until this weekend before I start drinking . :-) 
So I am laying in bed with a heating pad underneath my back . < PROPFIRST > went to see some movies . I hope my back pain goes away soon ! 
So , today was eventful as it usually is when I get together with Momma-Sita . What have I learned ? One - I don't deal well with people when I am in extreme pain . Two - My mother is crazy . Three - I am in charge of my mother . We switched roles apparently ( or so I am being told . ) Lord help me . I will need all that I can get . 
So Momma-sita made my favorite breakfast , now I am wanting one of my favorite dinners . Just means we have to go to the store . Damn . 
Cell phones have become the easiest way to stray from your loved ones . I wonder how many relationships are broken because of this invention . 
So why am I awake at 12:40 am when I have to be at work in less than 8 hours ? Oh yeah , my stomach has decided it wants to give me pain . Lovely . 
Okay . So let me thank the dogs for giving me ONE MORE load of laundry to do . Usually , not a problem . But I am leaving tomorrow for three days . Damnit . Lol . 
So , I am at a loss . What do you do when you don't know what you did in the first place ? 
Sitting outside IHOP waiting on Momma-sita . Boy do I feel seriously sick . 
So , we had to go before the show ended . Now mom and I are waiting on < PROPMALE > to get out of work . Poor cakes !!!! 
So today was a full day already . We are off to see a friend in the hospital , then go to the store to pick up stuff for the party and then off to see my beautiful niece . Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! Auntie loves you ! 
Storage is closed out finally . As Momma-sita put it , \we are done storing air . \ " Checks are put in the bank and we are off to the post office . < PROPMALE > loves his GPS on his phone . Good grief . " 
Sitting here chilling at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s house . Come on ice cream ! 
So yesterday was eventful . Hopefully it is dinner and then clean up the apartment a bit . Let us hope all the talking wasn't for nothing . 
So last night sucked greatly . I still feel horrible . My head is throbbing and I hate dealing with withdrawal . 
So I crashed for a few hours . I need to do laundry at least ... 
So , < PROPFIRST > and I are soaking wet . And no , not from all that you sickos . From the extreme downpour of rain . Lovely . 
So today required putting in 10 1/2 hours . I am calling it a night since I have to pack ( for a last minute trip to Pasadena . ) Oh lord , will this weekend be exhausting too . Damn ! 
So today has been interesting so far .. Breakfast , nails , target for drinks , downpour , Jack-in-the-box , shopping , Subway , paying , and now sitting and waiting . 
Happy Fourth of July , everyone ! Let us only hope it isn't doing the same thing all day as it did the past week ... You see , I didn't say the word ... 
So , we dont have water for awhile . Lovely . 
So tonight has been interesting . Now , let us try and get to Pasadena in one piece . 
It is 3:34 in the morning and I am sicker than a dog . What a way ti 
Obviously , either Facebook or myself do not want things completed . As I was saying , what a way to start my day off from work . 
I think today was one of those days that you really dont give a shit nor care who hears you . 
Good dinner at Cattleguard . With the exception of the food poisoning bit . Gotta love it . 
Ok . So something is seriously wrong . I have been up since 4 am due to severe uncomfortableness from this damns food poisoning . I only crashed around midnight . How am I going to make it through today ????? 
So I made it to work . I am miserable and want to curl u , but I am here nonetheless . Yay . 
So update on mom - she made it to Longview . The train was running late but she is safe and sound . :-) 
Update on Momma-sita - She is outside Saint < PROPFIRST > and on her way to Chicago . 
Mom made it to Wisconsin safely . I miss you !!! 
So , < PROPFIRST > and I are up at 4:30 getting ready to head up to Spring , Texas . Yay . 
So it is now 9 am and we have at least another 1+ hours left . Can I just go back to sleep ? 
After 5 1/2 hours of waiting ... We find out that they put the wrong tires on the vehicle . Here goes another hour . 
After 6 hours 15 minutes and $1000 later , we have now left Planet Ford . Thank god ! 
So I still feel phyiscally ill . I don't know if I can make it through work tomorrow feeling like this . 
So < PROPFIRST > and I are at Jessies birthday . Wow this is a crazy place asking for a panic attack . 
The hardest part of dealing with what I did last June ? Dealing with everyone around me getting married . Enough said . 
So TMobile issue resolved - Even got them to wave the activation charge that wasn't taken care of a month ago . Now if only I can catch up on shit at work . The rest of the drama ? Can just wait until later . Screw it . 
Okay , update on Mom . Not a damn clue if she made it on the bus / train since she hasn't texted me all day . And now she isn't replying , so who the hell knows . That is my update for the night . 
Q&A session done with Berkman .. Batting practice , game and then home . And all I can think of is needing a drink !! 
6-0 Reds .. Not having much luck so Far . 
There comes a point in every friendship where you put away all the drama and just love each other . Am I ready for that part ? I dont know but I have no choice now . 
Got into another bitch fights last night . I am so done with the lies and exaggerated truths . Just man up already !!! 
Sitting outside < PROPMALE > Improv waiting for the show to start ... Only an hour and fifteen minutes . 
So how did my day end ? I got hit on multiple times by a famous comedian .. Brad < PROPMALE > 
I got my sign .. A stranger telling me that I will be leaving soon . Interesting . 
62 days until my vacation starts ! Come on vacation ! 
9 days until I get new drugs .. Can I make it through ? Boy do I hope so . 
8 days until my mental doctor appointment .. Can I hold it together until then ? Gosh do I hope so . 
8 days until my mental doctor appointment and 60 days until my vacation starts .. Can't wait until this Monday is -over . - 
What was the highlight of my day ? Being called a fucking asshole by a vendor . Gotta love my job . 
So , I gotta love the wild goose < PROPMALE > we were brought on this evening . Now , waiting on dinner and off to < PROPFIRST > and Christys to drop off the TV . Then , eventually off to bed . Lord almighty . 
The next two days shall be interesting . Bring on the drama ! 
So , < PROPFIRST > completely forgot about my doctors appointment . And apparently , baseball is more important than remembering that I have previous plans to get better . Happy Friday to me . 
It is 10:39 pm and I have yet to hear from < PROPFIRST > . I am SO important , aren't I ? 
So , my weekend away is almost over . That is depressing in itself . But in the end , I am two days away from hopefully feeling closer to normal . The next biggest struggle ? Just figuring out where I belong . 
\Things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up . They happen to break you down and build you up so you can be all that you were intended to be . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
So here starts another week at work . I just hope today goes by fast . I need to go back home asap 
How'd today go ? I am surrounded by tons of people and still feel completely alone . 
So I managed through the doctor .. The main focus is on my OCD and severe anxiety . I have Zoloft to calm the anxiety and OCD . Until that kicks in fully , I am on Klonopin to calm myself down . One full klonopin and I am ready to crash .. Hopefully this is a good sign . 
So , power went out . Alarm went crazy . And now nothing is working . Gotta love today . Lol . 
So I was told to rest .. But I managed to get what I wanted done most of all done . Cleaned the ceiling fan , washing the sheets , washing the comforter and blankets , and remade the bed . We will see how the rest of the day goes . Oh yeah , and doing laundry . 
As I sit here jealous out of my mind of those around me getting married , having a family , etc ... I remember the drama I went through and see the amount of people getting divorced at the sametime . It is time like these where I believe I did the best thing for everybody ... Not getting married . 
I am having a bit trouble breathing so I took some cough medicine . Zoloft taken and vitamin . Now , off to watch tv and crash . Another long week ahead . But Friday means party time . Let us see how alcohol and klonopin mix . Lol . :-) 
It is raining ... and I feel like someone ran me over . 
I am home . Dogs taken care of thanks to < PROPFEMALE > . Meds taken ( cough medicine ) and I am curled up in bed . Come on sickness . Lets get rid of you !!!!! 
So , I still feel like crap and my throat is bothering me now . I think I am going to crash . Yes , < PROPFIRST > , I will be there on Friday regardless of how I feel . I promise . :-) 
Today has pretty much left me speechless . Even though I dont have much of a voice . Wow . 
Jersey Shore !! 
Three drinks down ... Plus Buspar on board .. Observant and tipsy . Gotta love it . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Mom are in charge ! 
Tonight was interesting . Met some new people , ran away from others , and felt adored by few . Happy early birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! Hope it was everything it could have been . :-) 
I am waiting for that time when I can sit down and look someone dead in the eye and sincerely congratulate them on something going on in their lives . Whatever it may be . I am waiting until I am happy again . 
I believe if life gives you lemons , you make lemonade . And then find someone whose life is giving them vodka , and have a party . - < PROPMALE > White 
Honestly ? Today was insane . I need to get to work early tomorrow , but I don't think it is going to happen . I think I am way too damn tired after not sleeping last night . Maybe it is bedtime soon ... 
So today was another crazy day . Work again tomorrow .. Thank god it is Wednesday . Two more days until I go back to Pasadena for PWA . Come on weekend ! 
Why the hell am I up at 1AM ? Oh yeah , I am CRAZY and can't sleep . Lord please make tomorrow go by fast .. 
This weekend was entertaining . Attacks at PWA ( in a sense ) , and worked my ass of today . Now I am in serious pain . I am afraid to see how tomorrow is going to be . 
Down to 10 hours left before the holiday weekend . Do I really need to get ready ? 
Is kind of angry with today . At least I know one thing that upsets me . 
So momma mennies is up takin care of the baby ( < PROPFEMALE >.) No idea why she has thrown up twice . But momma mennies isn't sleeping til she does . 
Who thought this downpour was a good idea ? 
It seems that last nights drama with < PROPFEMALE > has worn her ass out . For a dog that follows me everywhere , she isn't interested in moving an inch . 
Today has been rough .. I think 2 hours of non-stop crying pretty much explains it all . Here's to tomorrow . 
I think I have had enough stolen from me this week . I am going to call it a night and hope for a better week next week . 
It is midnight . I am wide awake and near tears from the pain . Do I really need to deal with tomorrow ? This is going to kick my ass . 
There has to be something wrong with waking up 3 hours after you fell asleep . 
Thinking Out Loud - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Made breakfast , ate breakfast , took meds and now working on getting ready for work . All on 3 hours of sleep . 
Okay , this isn't fair . I want to go back to sleep . 
A true friend is someone that doesn't judge you for your faults , but accepts you for them . 
I am strongly thinking about cleaning \house . \"" 
It is 6:02 am on Friday morning . What the hell am I doing up ? Oh yeah , -someone- decided to be off today . :-) Love you , Chey chey . Take care of my little girl . I'll deal with the crazies for one more day , I guess . \ 
Only 10 hours at work and then I am off to chill with my momma . Only hoping this weekend isn't too dramatic . Shall be interesting with the past two weeks . 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will ... you ? 
So today is < PROPMALE>'s Birthday ! Yay . And he and I are having a date day while momma is at work . :-) 
It is official .. I have bought the tickets to go up north with momma . And I also cleaned \house . \ " Here is to working towards a happier life . " 
It is finally Wednesday . The beginning of this week was taken forever . I have 9 days left at work until my vacation begins . Too much to do with too little of time . Maybe it is time to < PROPFEMALE > on others to get stuff accomplished . 
Why are some people so stubborn ?!?!?! 
It truly kills me to have dinner with him and both of us are texting others . I hate not trusting someone . This tears me up inside . 
So , he finally showed up . < PROPFEMALE > is laying down in the kennel , dogs are in the bedroom and things are semi calm for now . Watching CSI and then time to lay down . What fun . 
Tried blocking < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > away from < PROPFIRST > with laundry baskets . She is now limping a little . But she isn't whining when I touch her legs & feet , nor is she favoring one leg over another . Should I freak out ?!?! 
Had my besty and sister-in-law calm me down . < PROPFEMALE > was given some pain meds . She is limping on her left front paw . I can mess with it and she doesnt whine . At least it isnt her back leg . That helps . I should take some klonopin . My heart is racing . 
This is the last 5 days before my vacation .. Am I going to be able to get everything done ? I sure hope so . Off to play both parts of the 2M team ( since one person of the 2M team has to go to Jury Duty ) and then I can work on the rest of the crap . Let us hope today goes by fast ! 
At 7:01 pm today ( 10/1 ) , I offically went on vacation . Why is it only 11:19 pm and I have been ready for bed for the past 3 hours ? Am I getting old ?!? I need to shape up cuz I am going into 2 weeks of drinking . :) 
So today was a long 5 hour day with mom at PR . It is funny how the short shifts take forever to end ! Only one more day and we are WI bound . Come on , monday ! I want to see my niece and sister already ! 
Out on my hot date at < PROPFEMALE > Garden . Yummy food !! 
NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1 ) They live here ; you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . 3 ) I love my pet more then I like some people . 4)To you , they are animals ; To me they are my young'uns , who are short , hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back ! Re-Post if you love your pet . 
We are finishing up packing . Heading to the bus stop in about an hour . This trip will be interesting . 
We have officially left the house . Wi here we come to cause hell ! 
We are in Longview , Texas !! 
We are on the train in < PROPFIRST > , Texas . 
Almost to Texarkana , Texas . Yay ! 
We are stopped in Texarkana , Texas now ! Okay .. We are heading out of Texarkana now . :-) Bye bye Texas . 
Going through Hope , Arkansas . What fun . I am hot , tired and uncomfortable . Great combo on a train . :-) 
Going through Blackwell , MO . Bad night and even worse headache now . I cant wait to sleep in an actual bed already . 
We are outside Saint < PROPFIRST > , MO . Yay !! So pretty with the exception of the lack of sunrise . 
On the outskirts of Chicago - I am tired of the stopping and starting . Let us get there already !!! 
I finally made it up to NEC of BFE and who the hell knows . No internet at Grandma's . Thankfully , we have enough signal to receive texts and phone calls . Spent the last day and a half not breathing due to the smoke in the air . Oh well . Time to go drink something ! 
I'm still alive - So everyone knows . :) It has been a long week so far , and it is only Thursday . I am excited about next week with my sister and that family . I can't wait !! 
So we Picked up Britty from school . We are on our way back to < PROPFEMALE > Grove . Sunday morning I am meeting up with Grandma Berdean for breakfast / lunch . What fun this weekend shall be !! 
Here at a birthday party . I have internet signal here !! Thank gosh !! 
Okay .. It is WAY too late for me being up . Apparently I totally forgot that I was logged into Facebook as MOM . < PROPFIRST > - Ignore my first post about giving you crap . I have now officially lost my damn mind . :) 
So I am at Momma < PROPFEMALE>'s . Tomorrow - Wednesday night I am at < PROPFEMALE>'s with my baby Amara . She is getting < PROPFEMALE > big . News came about today - Few people know and I plan to keep it that way . I want to go , I need to go , but I also need to make sure that I have everything together before I toss up my whole life . Lord give me strength -- I will need it after today . 
Managed 3 minutes at Nikis . I would have taken him out but chose to leave instead . He so wasn't worth the bail money ! 
Yesterday was hell . < PROPFEMALE > crashed around 1:30 . I crashed between 2-3 . And my beautiful niece woke us up at 6:30 -7 . We have been fighting this one to take a nap ever since . And now , we are watching Veggie Tales . I think I may go have a long shower now ! 
The zoo was interesting . < PROPFIRST > , and Cat came along . I haven't had that much fun in forever . Pictures and videos to come when we get done at Cats place !! 
Waiting for Cat to be done with < PROPFEMALE>'s hair . I am EXHAUSTED !! 
Drama seems to continuously follow . I am DONE ! 
For the first time in years , I carved multiple pumpkins with < PROPFEMALE > , Amara and < PROPMALE > . That was enjoyable . Pictures to come in the very near future ! 
.. you know that someone should be in your life when talking to them after a year is exactly the same as it was before ! >> Love you , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today was exhausting . Pumpkins carved with Amara , < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . Played outside for a bit ( or watched the kids play outside rather . ) Managed to take both buspar pills for the first time in two+ days . And did not kill anyone as much as I want to strangle a few people right now . - I am ready to CRASH . Goodnight ya'll! 
So I am watching Amara today while Momma and Mema are at work . Then tonight is the Karaoke night entertainment . Today shall be interesting ! 
So Monsters Inc is now in the DVD player . I think we are set for about another hour and a half or so . :) 
And I convinced myself to start a load of laundry .. Miracle ! 
Here goes nothing ... Tonight will be very interesting and dangerous . 
Two beers down ... I think I am having quite a bit of fun being a flirt . :-) 
Just when you think there is no reason to go back to the start of it all , friends remind you that it is worth the trip . 
So apparently I am staying in < PROPMALE > until Sunday now . And now we are off to the football game . I wonder how different things would be if all the drama hadn't happened . But then I remember that I probably would not be this content right now if it didn't . I've made my decision - Now I am ready to see where the next few days takes me . \ 
Oh - And I miss my dogs horribly . I'm coming home soon babies ! 
Lodi won !! Now just waiting to see if I am getting to go out again or if it is bedtime calling . :-) 
Amara has know revised the name for Zucchini bread . It is now called Bikini bread . 
Over at Momma < PROPFEMALE>'s work - I hate corporate < PROPFEMALE > sometimes 
I hope people wake up and realize that I am a lot stronger than they think I am . 
Finished off 1 bottle of wine now .. Working on the second bottle .. See what you are missing ? 
The truth hurts .. For me ? It is comforting that I dont have to second guess myself . Just another memory on this adventure of this week . Friends forever . 
Starting to say my goodbyes .. The hardest ? Amara . 
\Nobody can go back and start a new beginning . But anybody can start today and make a new ending . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Robinson " 
Ended up crashing around 10pm . I can't stop replaying the past few days over and over again in my head . I am now awake at 3am with about 28 hours left in Wisconsin . Many won't understand my methods over the next few weeks , but I assure you , I know what I want . And I want - it all . 
It is 5:30 am and I am wide awake still . I have been up since about 2am . The wine has gotten to me as I figured it would . lol . Ignoring the fact that I feel horribly sick to my stomach - I am wrapped up in a cacoon of a comforter to stay warm . And no one is here to warm me up . :-( Damnit all to hell and back . 
Momma < PROPFEMALE > & I are heading out to meet up with a friend of hers . Then dinner in < PROPFEMALE > around 7- 7:30 . Last goodbyes and waiting on the bus ride home tomorrow . 
Heading back to < PROPMALE > . If anyone wants to see me before I leave town today , stop by Momma < PROPFEMALE>'s in 20 minutes . 
Heading out .. Hardest was to say goodbye to The Ripp family . I love you guys . 
In < PROPFEMALE > now - Ready to just be back in Tx now . I miss my dogs ! 
We are down to 3 1/2 hours before I must begin getting ready for the train ride back . I am struggling to remain awake . The next few hours will be interesting . 
We are on the bus heading to Chicago . Bye bye Wisconsin - I had fun . And trust me , I will be back ! Love you all ! 
We are in Chicago at the train station - Train departs at 1:45 . Here comes the layover ! 
So we are boarded and the train has left the station . Stories are being swapped , facts are being told , and quite a few laughs so far . The next 29 hours should be interesting . 
Trying to figure out my next move ... Wisconsin , I may be up there sooner than we originally thought . 
We were 1 1/2 hours late into St. < PROPFIRST > . And now the second time they have tried to replace the locomotive - it still isn't working .. No air , no lights , and lot of upset people ! 
My mother is stupid .... \Do not let strangers handle your baggage . \"" 
We got into St. < PROPFIRST > around 8:30 .. We are still in St. < PROPFIRST > . They are trying for a third time to replace the locomotive . With any luck , we will be heading out of St. < PROPFIRST > within the next 20-30 minutes . WTF ?!? 
Whoever said \Let there be light\ " - Thank you !!! " 
We are MOVING !!! 
Train tracks are being worked on . We have to take a bus from Texarkana to < PROPMALE > . Here comes a long bus ride ! 
In Texas . About 2 - 2 1/2 hours away from < PROPMALE > . I think I banged my forehead on something ... Felt sick to my stomach all day . Can we be home already ? 
I am now in < PROPMALE > !! 
Had dinner at Salt Grass with < PROPFIRST > . Now going to see Red with him . We shall see how the remainder of the night goes . 
Red was awesome . At Walmart and then headed home . 
Why is it 8 am already ?!?! WTF ! 
At work .. A lot to do and my brain isn't functioning . 
Maybe I should have stayed home today ... I cant think to save my life right now . 
Survived the first day back at work ... Eating dinner at Captain Bennys . Then it is off to the apartment . I am ready for bed . 
Home again .. Home again .. 
I spent today explaining to many what I learned on my trip up north .. The most important thing I learned ? Say what is on your mind - You never know when you may not get that < PROPMALE > to say it again . 
My email inbox wont stop the consistency check ... I think it wants me to go back home . 
Chilling in the bedroom - debating if I just want to crash already or not . < PROPFIRST > is MIA but dinner was made for him . I think it is bedtime . I just wonder if I have a meeting tomorrow morning again .... 
Last shift for this week ... I am exhausted ! 
Over at my brother and sister in laws playing with the circus of animals . When all else fails - Join the animals to escape reality . 
Put\ 
this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . Our wish is\ 
that people will understand being gay is not a disease or a choice . \ 
People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are looking for \ 
ACCEPTANCEand EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% wont copy and paste this .... Will you \ 
...... make it your status for at least one hour ? Promote Love & \ 
Acceptance !? NOT HATE ! See More 
Got a phone call from Mother-In-Law . That freaked me out . I am hungry and waiting on < PROPFIRST > to get off work since I have no idea what he wants to eat for dinner . I am about to cook whatever and he can just deal . 
Chilling at the apartment with da babies . We have the house back to ourselves again . I just hope that people eventually realize that I will talk when I am ready . 
I am awake ... and this dog is about to get her ass kicked . 
Dogs are asleep - < PROPFIRST > is asleep - I am still awake . WTF ? 
Finally managed enough energy to unload the large suitcase and pile it into the bedroom closet until mom comes to pick it up . Now I have a lot of crap on the bed and floor . What the hell am I supposed to do now ? 
Getting shit together to take to the laundry mat . Apparently , I cant leave a basket full of dog stuff for 3 weeks with 2 men and ask them to wash it for me . How stupid . 
What hurts the most ? Trying to get mind to stop thinking about that . 
Ok .. Mom - You need to stop watching football .. And now ! 
So that was another famous get togethers with < PROPFIRST > . Yeah - I am ready for bed . 
So it is 8:15 and I am still sitting in bed . I really am still too exhausted to get dressed for work . This needs to end asap ! 
Survived the first 3 hours of the shift .. Still need to figure out how I am getting home . And of course , those emails that I am being hounded for . :-) 
Trying to kick < PROPFIRST > out of the office - I just wanna go home . I just wanna go home right now . * dances * 
Pasta dinner thing was made . Blueberry Cheesecake muffins in the oven . Yummy ! 
All members of the household are now home . Put away one load of laundry , waiting on another to be out of the dryer . Here comes DWTS . 
DWTS set is over . Time for bed . 
Some didn't come into work today - Some are not feeling well - and others are out of it like normal . Boy did the work load just increase dramatically ! 
Finally made it home at 7:15 pm . 10 1/2 hours at work . I am ready for bed . 
It is now 11pm . Screw it . I am going to bed . 
I really am not a fan of being awake . Can't I just go back to bed ? 
I'M\ 
A HANDFUL !! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong \ 
willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make \ 
mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . \ 
But if you can't handle me at my worst then YOU PROBABLY WON'T \ 
... APPRECIATE ME AT MY BEST !!!!!! If you're a handful , repost ! I dare \ 
yo ...... u .....! I'll be looking for the ladies who repost ! 
My life has officially turned upside down now . Lets bring it on ... 
2 more meetings , 2 more shifts before I get to rest - Bedtime is here ... Goodnight , all ! 
Why am I awake ?? Oh yeah , it is only Thursday .. Damn . 
Here comes the cool front !!! Yay ! 
Dinner was cooked for me when I got home .. How awesome ! Is it bedtime yet ? Why am I so damn tired ?!? 
It is so nice outside ... I missed this weather ! Nice , cool , and breezy ! 
Why am I awake ? Oh yeah , work . Damn ! 
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking . - Unknown 
Day is finally over .. Hey you and I left the office about 7:30 . I am ready to just sleep this weekend away . 
Dinner at Red Lobster . Almost done and then heading home . Watching CSI & then crashing . I need to get as much sleep as possible this weekend . 
The male counterpart of the house is off at work . The females are at home chilling in the bedroom . Still exhausted so I think I am going to go sleep this annoying headache away . Txt me . 
I have figured out the difference between he and I . He wants to go party , be 26 yet still come home to a girl . Cake and eat it too . I ? Just want to settle down after a long day at work and relax with my family . 
It is Halloween weekend and what am I doing to celebrate ? Chilling at my house with the dogs . Typical . 
Wondering how someone is doing .. Waiting for the promised text . And then I think it will be nap time . 
No word from any of the men in my life ( except for 1 of them . ) I think it is time to warm up the leftovers from dinner last night . Still waiting , you guys .. 
What am I doing ? Not a damn thing so far .. 
One problem - I have no alcohol in my house . Damn . 
< PROPMALE > - You are not alone . Apparently , I am worthless also . 
Woke up way too early again - Worst part ? I cant breathe to save my life . Today shall be fun moving my brother and sister in law . 
I blame my mother for my addiction to the show \Ghost Hunters . \"" 
4:15 pm on Halloween and I am headed to help family members move . Yay ! 
Moving shouldn't be this complicated .. wait , I am with him . Scratch that theory . 
Dancing to country music - Gotta love packing shit . 
Just got done scrubbing the oven and stove top . I cant feel much of my upper body ! 
Anyone want to volunteer a back massage ? I am willing to return the favor . 
I am not going to run away from my problems ... I am going to run head on into them . Stand beside me , or walk away from me .. It is your choice . 
At work .. It is going to be a long day if my back doesnt stop hurting . 
I am ready to go home , curl up with the dogs , take some medicine and go to sleep . 
I am home finally ! I am coming bed ! 
I think tonight is going to be an early night . Meds are already taken .. Give me an hour and I will be out cold ( hopefully . ) 
Do I really need to start today ? Come on now .. I dont wanna ! 
I am going crazy ... Want to join ? 
Survived Day 2 - Only 3 more days until the weekend is here ! 
Dinner is good ! Thank you , Kat ! 
Over at my brother and sister-in-laws for the Dance Cam Slam celebration ! It all starts at 10/9c . Yay ! 
So the debate begins .. Do I start drinking or no .. 
I think 1 beer is good for now .. I need to be functional for work at 8:30 am . 
In a few moments , I am headed home to crash . Work again tomorrow ... 
Is it time to go home yet ? 
Making dinner - Guess for whom ?? Myself ! < PROPFIRST > is kicked out of the apartment for a few hours ( okay - Not really ' kicked out ' but whatever . ) Sausage filled with cheese , rice , and corn . Lack of food in the house . But still yummy ! 
It is 11pm . I am ready to sleep ! 
I am NOT a fan of these dogs this morning ... 
Day 4 = Check ! Only 8-10 hours left of this week before drinking begins ! 
10:30 pm ... I think that is when you call it a night . Tomorrow's plans are set . Who knows what will happen .. Some of us already know what happened the last few times I have drank a lot . 
is it really time to get up again ? I am so not looking forward to todays madness . 
I can feel a serious migraine coming on ... Took some meds , had some toast , and am workin on getting Root Beer down ... 
An hour and a half left of this week ... I am pretty much positive that not all the crap is going to get done before I leave . 
Over at my brother and sister in laws . We are waiting on the woman of the house to get home . Come on already ! 
Off to pick up alcohol .. Oh what fun . 
Alcohol = Check\ 
Food being cooked = Check\ 
Shots taken = Check 
1 strong rum and coke down ... Whole bottle to go ! 
3rd shot down - How many more until the night ends ? Who knows . Let us count them ! 
Let me clarify ... it is a total of 8 shots .. 3 straight . 
Tonight was successful , I would say . Tried downing the first beer of the night after 10 shots of Rum . Of everything , the beer fucked me up . Night all ! 
Family is awake now ... Breakfast and then probably headed home . Puppies , I am coming home soon ! 
Kat made Biscuits and Gravy for breakfast ( with sausage . ) Awesome shit [ especially for me when I typically don't like it ! ] Cleaned up the kitchen for her and put away the food . About time to go back to my own and see my puppy dogs . I think I may work on dishes and laundry . Other than that , I refuse to have anything but a quiet day . 
At home with the babies . I am being attacked ! 
Took a nap since I wasn't feeling well . Still not feeling great . I may go crash again . 
Bedtime is calling my name . Hopefully , I will feel more human tomorrow . I need to be completely sober again before Monday . 
Everytime my mind stops racing with thoughts , I see your beautiful eyes . Never did I think you would steal a piece of my heart as you have . 
As much as I have a lot to do , I think today is going to be a relaxing and restful day . Naptime , here I come ! 
I sit by my phone and wait for your texts , only to remember that you wont speak until I am so close to giving up on you .. And then you melt my heart all over again . 
Really not feeling well . < PROPMALE > sinus migraine again . I am tempted to start drinking again just to get rid of this pain . Any other suggestions ? 
Feel a little better after a bath .. Now , I am ready for bed . Damn . Someone help keep me awake . 
Some stuff was accomplished this weekend . Not nearly enough , but I also don't give a damn tonight . Time to do dishes and then get some rest . Here goes another long work-week ( first three days without \Hey You . \")" 
I am fucking speechless right now .. So much for a best friend . 
Fuck you . 
It is time to get up and function for work ... Whoever claimed Monday was a good idea , really should be taken behind a shed and beaten . 
I have gotten NOTHING accomplished today ... 
What do you do after a long Monday at work ? Grab a soda and pop open that bottle of liquor . 
Apparently I am worrying people with my recent messages ... 
When am I supposed to be 23 ? Next century after I make sure everyone else around me is stable in their life ? I am going to make some people happy , but piss a lot more people off ... 
Made it into work on time ... What happens ? Computer crashes with tons of emails up ... Lovely . 
Survived day 2 of this week ... Barely , but I managed . 
Working on a few things that I couldn't complete today . Taken a shower , started laundry , had an \adult beverage\ " to calm myself down from today . Next stop ? Bedtime ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are starting to worry about where he is ... Show up soon , please ! 
Still nothing ... 
He appeared around 12:30 am . Enough said . 
Off to work I go . I refuse to stay at that place for another close to 11 hour shift for the third day in a row . I refuse ! - Watch , it happens anyway . 
Off to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > . Let us see how much trouble we can get into . 
Avoidance is NOT the answer ... 
I didn't realize that my goal everyday is to piss < PROPFIRST > off ... 
Second emotional breakdown this week .. This time ? It was a home instead of at work . I think I am just in the need to spend a few hours letting out my anger . I was successful with a Dr Pepper and Rum combination . 
It is 11:15 pm . I still have 2 more days ( and probably close to 20 hours ) left of this week . Some keep saying to take care of myself .. I think I am just done . But i'm a fighter , so I guess i'll fight it for another day . Here's to tomorrow ! 
Dogs and I are staying over with < PROPFIRST > and Kat . We all know the reason . 
I am over here , as okay as I can be . 4 dogs , 2 cats . Good grief . 
I love you ... but I dont think we love each other enough to make this work . 
It is 4:30 am and I have managed to get 3 hours of \sleep . \ " Today is going to be a very long day . " 
Made it through today . Almost 50 hours this week at work . Going to watch CSI with the dogs , < PROPFIRST > is making dinner , and then resting up and getting some sleep . 
Wow ... That hurts . 
Some sleep ... Not nearly enough . Back to bed . Cant function .. 
Heading over to < PROPFIRST > and Kats because she is freaking out . 
Spent the last 3 hours wrestling with Army baby ..... I am tired . And she is still going . This isnt fair . 
It is 4 o'clock and I am ready for bed . 
So we have company for dinner tonight . Yay . 
Do you know how much I miss you ? 
Scratch the original plan ... Looks like I may end up being the \company\ " instead . " 
Nah ... Off to home I go . I am ready to CRASH ! 
\Over and Over Again\ " - Nelly\ 
I don't think < PROPFEMALE > is liking the cold weather ... She is trying to find the warmest place on her bed to sleep . 
I think I am going to warm up the rest of my Chicken Fried Rice , get a glass of something to drink and then curl up in bed . That sounds like a perfect plan ... 
Watching Hollywood Treasures - Half way asleep while at it 
So I slept most of today away ... That probably isn't a good sign . 
I love listening to the rain land on the windows and pipes ... It has a nack for making me calm and sleepy . 
It is 2 am and I am wide awake ... Great . 
7am .. Time to get up and start getting ready for work . Thankfully , I have my Caramel Macchiato creamer at work . 
I just want to go home .... 
Boss : Go ahead and leave without me . I need to go to the ladies room . \ 
Coworker : Are you going to be long ? Do you want us to wait ? \ 
Boss : No , it is going to be a long shit . \ 
Coworker : Um ... Okay . * severe laughter * 
I am home ! About damn time . 
I think the comfy thing which contains pillows and blankets is calling my name ... Another 4 days before the weekend . What a joy . 
Photos are uploaded now .. I will upload the videos tomorrow or Wednesday . :) 
The babies are out like a light ... if only I was too . Soon enough , soon enough . 
Okay .. You dont need to try and burn the apartment down to get my attention . Damn . 
Okay .. This getting up for work thing really sucks . 
Technically ready for work ... I really just want to curl up in bed again . Oh well . Here is to another day of insane , but entertaining madness . 
Rum and Coke ... Awesome combination when there is nothing better in the apartment . 
I am looking forward to falling asleep .... It cant come soon enough . 
So far so good .. Let us hope it remains this way . I need a productive day to get all this crap done . 
I can only promise that my < PROPFEMALE > for lies is getting less and less each day . Try me and see what happens . 
Each day you do this shit , the more I am looking forward to signing that lease . 
I want to try something new ... For those who dont believe the words I keep repeating . Ask me a question in my inbox that you want answered truthfully . I will answer them . Then we will see who is still a close friend . 
Q : Am I full of the annoying ? \ 
A : Not even a little . You are one of the few people that I find fascinating . However disagrees with me and tells you otherwise , give them my number and I will handle it . 
Off work .. Decided I didn't care anymore today and left almost on time . Now I get to stand outside in the chilly weather waiting on Johns ass since he cant make up his mind on what the hell he wants to do . Lord help me . 
Dinner is cooked . Waiting on the company to show up . Peoples - I haven't had really food in 24 hours . Hurry the hell up ! Haha . 
Why do I still have this damn sinus headache and feel sick to my stomach ?! Go away ! 
Crashed hard around 9:30 pm . I still feel parts of this migraine and it is making me exhausted . Oh well ... Work must come eventually . 
Managed to get ready for work .. Lies keep unraveling themselves every minutes . I am counting the days now . 
Away from work - Another 48+ hour week . This is truly killing me . 
Off to dinner with family - Movie night and then going to sleep . Yay for the weekend ! 
What movie are we going to watch ?? 
Okay ... The problem isn't picking a movie . The problem is switching the inputs to Video without a remote and no button on the TV . 
Grown-Ups ! Let us see how it is . 
Well , one of us isn't .. the other one is questionable . Have fun figurin out which is which . Lol . 
Why am I up at 5:30 ? Stupid nose and dog . I am going to crash again . 
It is 1:10 pm and I am still so exhausted . Maybe it is time to put on the movie again ( since I crashed and didn't finish it ) and rest today . 
Break Your Heart - Taio < PROPFIRST > 
Walking up to the apartment . Fun night ! 
Awake and spending time with the puppy dogs . Today calls for rest and laundry . 
\He always said that if you get a girl that is too good for you - You should marry her . \"" 
\Those three words we all want to hear - Lets Get Naked . \ " Adorable movie ! " 
Oh lord .. Christmas decorations are being put up next door . I guess I have to deal with the reality of the holidays eventually . 
Give me your opinion on my schooling - What do you think about my studies for Behavorial Sciences ? Child / Adolescent Therapy mainly 
Three days this week and then I am on Thanksgiving Break ! - Starting to get interested in Behavorial Sciences for s < PROPMALE > . I think I need to do more research before selecting it though . 
You know < PROPFEMALE > tales don't come true , \ 
Not when it comes to you\ 
Open up for the first time , \ 
And you can bet that it's the last time \ 
I'm sick of the sleepless never ending nights . \ 
I just don't care who was wrong or right , \ 
I'm sick of the rumors and the alibis\ 
You tear me up 
Oh thank god I am leaving for 4 days .. Apparently , he is now sick all of a sudden . 
I am such a bitch ... But I love with every centimeter of my heart . 
Pickled me walnuts - WTF ? 
So much for leaving early ... Here comes 7 o'clock . 
I shut down the computer completely only to remember that I still had to send out the most important email . Great . 
I have left the building ! 
So we made it to Pasadena . < PROPFEMALE > is pissed - < PROPFEMALE > is curious and takin over the house .. Sophie ? Ready to go to sleep . Lord this shall be a fun trip . 
Happy Thanksgiving Friends and Family of facebook ! I love you all for each and every reason possible . I hope you have a wonderful day with your family ( if you celebrate the holiday or not . ) Stay safe and eat some good food ! 
I am thankful for my friends , family and loved ones . Thank you all for walking beside me this past year . We have many more years to go together ! 
My baby niece ! She is so big now . I am worn out ! 
Today was successful . Thank you to everyone that had a part to do with today ( near or far . ) I am thankful for each one of you and love you all . 
\Back away from my drill bucket . \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
The dogs and I are chilling while Mom and < PROPMALE > are at work . Glad someone else is working other than me . About damn time . 
Mom and I went to Target and Kroger . Picked up a webcam ( so people stop birching ) , laptop mat , food and puppy treats . Enough of Black Friday for me !! 
For my uncle , Skype is now setup as well . Anything else I can do for anyone today ?? 
Oh my lord .. Mollie is humping < PROPFEMALE > . Yes everyone , both are females . 
You must learn from the mistakes of others . You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself . \ 
~ Sam Levenson\ 
http://j.mp/g7Xd5B\ 
#android #quote 
Ended up crashing early . It is way too chilly outside . Time to go back to sleep . 
Cold Weather + Dog = Fiesty < PROPFEMALE > 
If I am getting sick , someone is going to get hurt !! 
Crashed around 10:30 -11pm . I woke up due to lack of breathing at 5:30 . Who wants to take care of me ? Someone got me sick !! 
This sucks ! 
Off shopping for Christmas presents with Mom and < PROPMALE > . Oh what fun when I cant breathe to save my life . 
Mom thinks she is funny . I think not at this moment . 
Headed back to the apartment with the puppies . I had a nice few days In Pasadena . Even with getting ill half way through it . Back to work tomorrow . 
Last night was drama-filled thanks to someone . Headed to work even though I feel next to miserable . 
So it has come to my attention that I may have over-stepped my bounds . To those who I have hurt , I apologize . 
I told him that I am thinking about moving out of the apartment . No more secrets . 
Is it possible to deattach your nose , clear out the sinus passages , and then reattach the nose ? Yeah , I didn't think so . Damn . 
It's awesome coming home feeling like crap due to this damn cold and finding a check from Woodforest for $ 147.00 . 
Of course , when I finally get ready to get on Skype and talk to my uncle , he disappears . Well , blah him then . 
Off to work again ... I am ready for this weekend so I can attack this damn cold . 
Survived day 4 . What did I learn today ? I learned that it is none of my business if someone who should be helping pay the bills works or not . Great . 
So i'm guessing that no one has decided they need me for today . I'm going to go lay down . 
Do I watch my niece even though I feel like someone ran me over or no ? That is todays main question . 
My babysitting techniques kicked back in high gear . That kid is crazy and wide awake . 
She will fall asleep ... She will fall asleep ... 
She didn't crash until almost 2am . I finally made it completely dark in the room with very little noise . It will be so much easier when I have a room for her to sleep in . Soon enough , soon enough . 
< PROPFEMALE > is out like a light in the recliner with me . Enough said . 
I love my baby girl but I am exhausted !! Time to rest and then start on the work crap I brought home . 
So I crashed hard-core about 5pm . My body is still trying to regain strength from being sick all week and then watching the little terror - angel , I meant . I swear . :-) Trying to figure out if i'm going to make an appearance tomorrow night . Not sure yet . 
I need a friend ... 
The risk isn't worth the reward ... 
In 59 days , I will be yet another year older . Why does it seem this year wasn't as successful as i'd hope ? 
I have decided . 
At Jiffy lube with < PROPMALE > , then off to pickup a birthday present , home to chill and cook , then pick up momma and off to be stupid with sister-in-law . Yay ! 
\You are a stupid hot date . Just how I like ' em . \ " Lol . Oh lord help me . " 
Had a blast playing < PROPFIRST > with sister-in-law . About to head home and get ready for another week of hell . What fun . 
Why am I awake ? Besides my back killing me , these dogs are awake . Who wants to try and tell me I dont have my own set of kids ?! 
For the safety of all , do not piss me off this week . 
Didn't I warn everyone about NOT pissing me off ?? 
Now that my mental breakdown is done - Let us move onto more exciting things . Sleep . 
And my point is well proven ... If my dogs are harmed while I am at work , someone will die . 
I am going home . It is obvious that the shaking , coughing and vomitting feeling are NOT going away anytime soon . 
Touch my dog again and see what happens ! I was hoping this wouldn't turn ugly , but apparently , you want it this way . 
Try me . Send me a message and I will tell you what I honestly think of you . 
I think the fever broke . I feel a bit more normal . It is time to go back to sleep . 
So it is official . I feel like crap . Here comes another day of non-stop coughing . Lovely . 
Survived today . That is a plus . Go me ! 
Caught up with a friend I haven't spoken to in awhile - Now it is time to go to sleep . 
Why is it that when I think I am getting better , it comes back with a vengeance ?? 
I am about to crash .... 
What kind of trouble can I get into tonight ? 
Why does it hurt so deep to hear the truth when you knew it all along ? 
It is 62 degrees outside and I can freezing . I think my fever is reappearing . Great . 
My body has won the battle ... I'm giving in and giving up . 
I woke up from a dead sleep coughing horribly . Took more cough medicine , cold medicine , and a glass of milk . Night time again . 
I think someone is fucking with the electrical lines ... 
My niece \Why are you sick ? \ " - My answer \ " I have no idea . \ " Gotta love being cared about by a 4 year old . My baby girl . " 
Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family . 
Be number one in someones life or nothing in everybodies life ? 
Off shopping for the puppies with Katt . We could get in serious trouble here at PetSmart . ;-) 
Today was successful . Army and Mixer got pictures taken with < PROPFEMALE > ( that was fun . ) Had a trip at PetSmart with Katt and them . Picked up some new puppy food for the dogs ( they LOVE IT . ) Went to Walgreens , Walmart , Chilis . Katt got her Xmas present . I needed today to get out of my funk ! Oh yeah , and the dog park . Here comes pneumonia ! 
I am exhausted ! So I am going to bed . Screw all this madness . 
See that is the difference between you and me . I am okay with missing you . You aren't okay with admitting that you miss me too . 
As weird as this sounds , I think all the fresh air yesterday actually -helped- clean out my lungs . Weird . 
Fortune Cookie for Today : Faith Answered . No one was there . 
Called a cab to pick my butt up from work . I am not looking forward to tomorrow . Call in sick day !! Or not . 
Am I really afraid of being alone ? Or am I afraid of change ? It's all the same these days . 
And I love it when I sit at home , alone with the dogs and I am seconds away from crying . I think it is bedtime now . 
I said I would go in , I never said I would be happy about it . 
11 - 17- 35 - 50 . Where did all the time go ? 
I think I need a drink .... 
2 drinks down and stories are being told . Oh lord this is interesting . 
Had an awesome night with < PROPFIRST > Moore , Katarina Moore , and Joy Malone . I am so ready for bed . Doctor here I come tomorrow ! 
You act so surprised when I repeat it . How many times do I need to tell you ? 
Semi-short day at work . Doctors appointment at 4 . Am I ready to find out why I cant stop coughing ?? 
Apparently I missed something last night ... Well , what can I do ? 
I made someones day .. My life is now complete . :) 
Doctor in 2 hours , dinner with Mom , and then probably Xmas shopping . A full afternoon , that is for sure . 
As < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > once said , \Life Goes On . \"" 
So you know , I dont hate you . Find me when you are ready to listen to someone who has no reason to lie to you . 
I can't get ahold of the one person I want to talk to .. So I guess it is time to face the facts and go to sleep . But then again , who really needs sleep anyway ? 
Oh thank god it's Friday . 
Okay . Now it is chilly again . Texas needs to stop being such a bitch and make up her mind . Hot or cold . 
I'm listening to \Before He Cheats\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Underwood http://bit.ly/eyIvFD " 
Whenever you are ready to stop hurting , i'm all for it throat . 
Relaxing all curled up in bed watching Netflix . A nice quiet afternoon . 
So plans change every minute in my world .. And here they go switching again . 
Just saw a really cute guy that kept staring at me ... 
A good part of the Christmas shopping done . Need to get a few last things tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > is now done . Working on lunch and then the gift cards for the remaining peeps . 
Fire truck with < PROPFEMALE > canes ... I am afraid to see this madness . 
Gifts for immediate friends I will see tonight are wrapped . Hamburger is now cooked . Rice is cooking and will work on the broccoli shortly . I am exhausted already . 
PPV with friends and family . Broccoli rice and cheese is done . Tomorrow shall be entertaining . 
PPV is now over . Getting stuff together to head home . Only 4 days until I get a long weekend . Come on short week . 
Sometimes you just need to accept reality and say \Screw trying to live in this fantasy . \"" 
What do you do when you run out of options and time ? Put on a fake smile and have a lot of faith . 
The last hour was interesting ... I am ready to sit back , relax and watch Netflix . 
It is really loud outside and people are stomping up the stairs .. I am waiting for the gunshots . 
It is 2 am and I am still wide awake . This can't be good for tomorrow . 
Last night sucked with being told I had no consideration or compassion for someone else . And that was just the start of the conversation that become an emotional abuse gift for Christmas . 
Headed home in hopes of a quiet night . 
So this week is a lot of days tossed together . Without looking , I couldn't tell you what today is . Is it time to go back to sleep yet ? 
I ran away ... 
Its not that damn important ! 
Last day of work before the holiday weekend ... I am not too sure how today is going to go down . 
Off to the family dinner .. I hate holidays for this reason exactly . 
I think my body just gave up ... 
Took a 2 hour nap before Momma and < PROPMALE > came home . Now I am up and having to go out to the grocery store . < PROPFEMALE > f'n Christmas . 
It is pouring down rain outside .. God that is a beautiful sound . 
Christmas so far ?? Amethyst earrings and a dolphin pillow pet from Momma and < PROPMALE > ! Yay ! 
I think mom needs to stop drinking now .. She is trying to eat cool whip straight out of the container . 
To my loved ones ( family , friends , and otherwise ) , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I love each of you all . 
5 - 23 - 38 
On the road again .. Headed back home for 4 days . Then probably back to Momma and Abels . 
I really do not want to get up . It is way too cold and I didn't get nearly enough sleep . 
Work day is done . Trying to kick my ride out of work so I can go home . Dinner , Laundry and sleep are in store for tonight ! 
You are not alone , Katarina Moore , I am not too happy either . 
I would like to know why I am awake at 6 am . I have been fighting sleep for 2 hours . 
Why do people try to use the internet if they dont know the difference between email and internet explorer ? 
Is everyone ready to put on their big kid panties and deal with reality ? 
And I get what I ask for .. Emotional abuse round two . Check . 
So much for making dinner .. Burned the hell out of the back of my hand . Damn that hurts . 
Dear sleep , I am not sure what I did to piss you off , but I am soooo sorry . Please come back ! 
Lack of sleep last night . I am looking forward to more sleep hopefully tonight . Night ya'll . 
I just realized . Between November and December , you spend A LOT of money due to the flipping holidays . 
Who did the rain dance ? 
I am thinking about going to bed .. God I must be getting old . 
F**k a monkey ! 
Last day for this week ... Can I do this ?? 
What is my New Years Resolution ? To finally be happy . 
I love waking up and not having to run anywhere . This is awesome !! 
So he forgot to set the alarm for him and now it is my fault that he overslept . When did I become in charge of waking him up for work ? 
I guess I should eventually get into the shower and get dressed . Eventually .. 
Off to eat dinner at Fuzzy's Pizza . Then homeward bound to see my puppies . 
Yummy < PROPMALE > ! 
I don't understand how I can buy a pack of 8 hair clips , and within months , they all are gone . Where the hell do they go ?? 
Come on 5:30 ... I want to go HOME ! 
Thankfully , time is my friend . Let us see if sleep is as well . 
Spent some time with my adopted dogs . Now off to see my babies . 
I have this feeling in my gut like I need to run around the house singing at the top of my lungs ... 
So when did 5:30 become 6 which became 6:30 ? Just wondering . 
It is fine that it is over , but cant you own up to it and let everyone else know ? 
Before anyone starts freaking out and texting me , that last message was NOT directed at anyone can read it . 
1 question , 1 honest answer . You can ask me 1 question ( send it to my inbox ) , ask anything ! No matter how awkward it is , I'll answer it . 
If it walks like a duck , talks like a duck , and offers to drive you and the dogs to IHOP , it usually is a duck , right ? 
So I am chillin inside the bedroom with a blanket and the dogs resting on the floor . What else am I doing ? Watching Eat , Pray , and Love . Bedtime here I come ! 
An hour left of work then I am home bound ! What kind of trouble can I get into tonight ?! 
I have decided that someone needs to walk up behind me , grab and take me away for awhile . 
The date is set . I am visiting Wisconsin from July 1st - July 19th , 2011 ! 
Finally made it home ! God that was a long day ! 
Bags are packed , house is cleaned up , and dogs are anxious . Why does going away for 48 hours have to be a freaking zoo ?? 
OMFG ! 2 dogs , 1 suitcase , 1 puppy gate , 1 box and 2 humans in a Ford Ranger ! 
We are here and settled . Now if I could get the dogs asleep , life would be awesome ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is eyeing < PROPFEMALE > . This dog wants to play with this bird SO much ! 
Transformer blew across the street ... 
Do you really want to know ? I didn't think so . 
Using one word , describe how I am so far this year . 
I feel like I am going to jump out of my skin at any minute .. Thankfully I am going to be around friends that love to laugh tonight . :) 
After a shower , I feel a lot better ! 
Nails done , medicine bought , food here . Time to eat and chill for a moment . 
Hanging out with good friends and good drinks . 
Had a blast last night with friends . Here is another work week . Maybe if I keep my mouth shut I wont get in too much trouble . 
Bread , house salad , bloomin ' onion and no rules chicken pasta = full ! 
Thank you for dinner , < PROPFIRST > Moore ! Love ya , brother ! 
So everything has became real ... We received the renewal letter from the front office . 
It is official , I am NOT a morning person ! 
In just a few short hours , I will be put on high blood pressure meds until my life settles down . I am a walking , bitching heart attack waiting to happen ! 
120/88 ! Success ! 
Did we really have to have that ' talk ' tonight ?? 
No wonder why I am so flipping cold ! It is only 26 degrees outside !! 
Whoever decoded to freeze out Texas , needs a reality check . Texans are accustomed to HOT weather . Not COLD ! 
What do you do in a cold night ? Hop onto a hot bath ! 
Okay . I am really starting to hate this cold weather . And my family wants me to live up north ?! 
You and I wake up in jail together ... Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? Note : IF you comment you must copy and paste as your status so i may comment on yours as well 
I am walking on egg shells ... 
On the phone with my sister , Amarintha < PROPFEMALE > Kochmann-Gray . I miss these phone calls . 
And it is Friday . May it go quick and without anyone getting beat down for being a smartass . 
Nice and calm after a heart-felt conversation with a close friend . Maybe I should track something down to eat for dinner before taking some meds to go to sleep . 
Why am I awake at 8am on my day off ? Because my kids are ! 
So when I planned on taking a nap , I ended up cleaning out the closet and getting rid of a lot of stuff . Go figure ! 
What is the best part of Sunday ? Laying in bed while listening to the rain pour outside . It is so calming ! 
It is 8:36 pm and I am now realizing that all I have eaten today was a bowl of pasta ( at 10am ) , 2 minature cookies ( and I mean -really- small ; quarter size ) , and a Starbucks Mocha . Logic would say to eat , but I think I am too damn tired ! 
Where did the last hour go ?! And I think he is on a date or something . He has been gone for 12 hours now . 
He came to lay down and I immediately woke up . Typical . 
So I have been up since 4am and am now headed to work . Today is going to be a LONG day ! 
I survived Manic Monday without 3 colleagues . Here goes nothing for Tuesday ! 
That sucked ... 
Fine . I guess I need to turn it on and actually watch it .. Happy , < PROPFIRST > Garcia ?? :) 
Why is it that my family tests my < PROPFEMALE > so much ?? 
So another early morning with lack of sleep . I guess I should jump into the shower and take care of the dogs . Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > . I love you !!!! 
I may end up beating someone up if they tell me I need to update my review for a third time . - The end of my morning rant . 
I think it is sinking in . He is looking for a second job . 
At Exclusive Furniture with < PROPFEMALE > Pleasant ! 
Thank god today is over with . When did Manic Monday roll over into Tuesday ? 
Update On Mom : Train was late in Longview , Tx . She is now headed towards Texarkansas . 
I think my brain just went dead . I can't type anymore nor do I know where the keys are on the keyboard . I must crash now .... 
And I am up again at 6 am . This has to be illegal somehow ! 
I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour , if you or someone you know has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . ? 
Update On Mom : Springfield , IL . There is some snow . Not a lot though . 
Music is jamming , emails are piling , and stress is never-ending . I am just waiting until he finds me again . 
Lunch Time with < PROPFEMALE > Sanchez ! 
Spoke to the apartment complex . No openings yet . And he is making my life hell . 
How do you fail to notice 2nd grade students engaging in oral sex while teaching the class ? WTF ! 
Whatever you give to a woman , she will make greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart .. She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given . So if you give her crap , be ready to receive alot of shit !!! Real women keep this going . 
I miss you ... 
I am going to go to bed . I am not feeling so well . If you need me , call the cell phone . 
I happened to wake up and notice that he is no where to be seen .. We are starting this again . Two can play that game . At least someone -wants- to talk to me . 
Best birthday present ever ? Getting a call from the apartment complex ! 
Congrats , Packers ! 
9 days ... 
What am I going to do ?!?! 
Can we pretend that I have said it and move on for a day ? 
No , < PROPFEMALE > Daniels , I am -NOT- pregnant ! My bad for having sinus crap in my head ! :) 
Chinese food for lunch ! Awesome . 
Silence is a text easy to misread . \ 
~ A . A . Attanasio\ 
http://j.mp/hq9ZdW\ 
Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > Daniels . Apparently , I got married last night in Las Vegas . -- What else will this week bring ?? 
So today , someone decided to throw a few bombs at me that have made me think a lot about my life . The decisions I make from these said bombs will impact everyone close to me . What to do ? What to do ? 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ? Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't have the guts to re-post this . 
WTF did I do to my hand last night ?! 
TGIF ! Weekend plans : Spend time with the ones I love and continue packing ! 
I wear makeup ,.. so Im fake ... I get dressed up ... so I'm up myself ... I say what I think ... so I'm a bitch ... I cry sometimes ... so I'm an attention seeker ... I talk to guys ... so Im a slut ... I stand up for myself ... so Im mouthy ... I like my food ... so Im fat ... Seems like you cant do anything these days without being labelled ... So label me because I dont give a F**K !! Put this as your status if your proud of who you are . 
There is something I should tell you .. I refuse to be anything but happy ! 
This week is finally here ! 
Mom got on the bus . She is headed to Chicago . 
To all my work buddies - Who wants to do a Starbucks run with me today ?? I need COFFEE ! 
Headed home . Day 1 - Success ! 
About to crash ... Less than 36 hours ! 
And here comes the rain ... 
I have come to a point in my life where I've realized who matters , who never did , and most importantly who doesn't anymore . And I'm not sad .. 
How did I end up with the 2 dogs that are deathly afraid of a rainstorm ?! 
Yep , the cold weather has returned . Oh what joy ! 
Options on apartments :\ 
1 Bedroom :\ 
$ 665 / month + $ 40 ( washer / dryer ) / month = $ 705 before taxes\ 
787 Square Footage\ 
2 Bedroom : \ 
$ 797 / month + $ 40 ( washer / dryer ) / month = $ 837 / month\ 
1027 Square Footage\ 
Opinions ?? 
And this is why I am going to Wisconsin in July ... It is cold enough down here on my birthday ! 
For 24 hours , I am not going to stress about my living situation , relationships , or life in general . I am going to enjoy my birthday , damnit ! Either join or get the hell out of the way . 
Waiting for something and then bedtime ! 
25 flipping degrees outside ... Whoever said this was a good idea needs a reality check ! 
We just lost our power .... I cant help but laugh at this point . 
Still no power ... Theory . How am I supposed to get dressed and ready for work ? I am going to look like skuz if the power doesnt come back on ! 
Anyone know if the office has power ? 
And I lost power again .. Thankfully , I was able to get my hair done and makeup on beforehand . 
So , the boy who I have spent 6 years with forgot my birthday ... Thank god I moved onto better things ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! Keep ' em coming ! I love each of you all ! 
So birthday was going great until I tried to get an apartment ... I make too much money . 
No comment ..... 
I am home .. Call me later and i'll explain why . 
I think I hear a storm coming .... Bring it on ! 
So where am I at 5:40 pm ? I am sitting on the bathroom floor , in the dark trying to calm down from today . 
I think I need to write ... I just hope I find the words . 
For an update on Saturday's party - It is still on ! 
It is 20 minutes to 1am and I am still awake ... 
And here comes the sleet ... I don't think I am going to sleep much tonight . I'm finally unwinding from the past two days events . 
I hate waking up to severe trembling in my body . WTH ? 
Got the message from work . Stay home - See you monday . Yep . I still have this migraine and my stomach is flipping . -- I wasn't going to go in anyway today . 
The last 2 days are catching up to me .. Who wants to come over and give me a neck massage ? I will make lunch or something ! :-) 
I have been up for 11 hours on only 4 hours of sleep .... I am having one heck of a time focusing . 
So during my ' disciplinary ' action meeting yesterday , I was asked to take this weekend to think about what I have done and how I have acted . -- Honestly ? My birthday week has so far sucked . I have tried to remain positive , but fuck it . My weekend starts now and the only thing I am going to be thinking about is where the alcohol is . 
My biggest fear is unfolding in front of me ... I am failing everyone around me . 
Hot Chocolate ! Yum ! 
Down 5 people ... But we are headed to the party anyway ! 
Tonight was pure awesome ! To those that showed up , thank you so much ! I love each of you all . Pictures to come tomorrow ! 
Getting my crap together to head back towards Houston ... Is tomorrow Monday already ?? 
On the road again ... on the road again . 
Dogs home ? Check . Nuggets picked up ? Working on it . 
And the fun gets even better ... 
This is an interesting get together ... 
And it is a lot calmer downstairs . 
Green Bay won .. Bedtime now ! 
5 hours left ... 
Everything is opposite , I dont feel like stopping it\ 
Tell me baby , what do I have to lose\ 
He is into me for everything I am not\ 
According to you . 
Survived day 1 .. Only 4 more to go until the weekend is here again . 
I need coffee to survive today .. 
Baked potato for lunch with Alms and < PROPFEMALE > . Yummy ! 
Day 2 = Check . Dogs Fed = Check . Dogs taken medicine = Check . Dinner = Screw it . I'm going to crash instead ! 
Living with someone who has severe anger management issues = < PROPMALE > anxiety issues 
Headed home . Day 3 = Check . 
ONLY AN AUNT can love like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and believe like a friend . If you're an AUNTIE who loves your nieces n nephews , post this to your status ! 
I woke up to the bed vibrating .... How the hell did my cell phone end up on the bed underneath < PROPFIRST > ?? 
Can someone like turn up the heat in this state ? 25 degrees is NOT nice . 
TGTF !!!! 
My left knee is severely jacked up . It hurts to straighten it out , walk on it , limp on it , everything . I guess I will be putting a patch on it and my knee brace . Oh !! TGIF ! 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE T ... O SEE THIS ON YOUR STATUS TODAY . 
I am down to 20 minutes until my weekend begins ! 
Doctor = Check . Stressed ? = Duh !! Apartment = Application filled out = Check . Cross your fingers ! 
I feel like my heart is about to jump out of my chest ... Panic attack 101 ! 
Xanax kicked in .. Night night . 
Crashed like a baby ... going to do it again . 
What am I doing awake at 7am ? Oh yeah , I crashed at 8pm . I forgot . 
Cross your fingers !! 
4 hours & 30 minutes .. 
And the big news is ........... I got the apartment ! 
To all those who said I couldn't do it .. Here I am proving each one of you wrong AGAIN . 
The biggest decision of this year ? Applying for an apartment . The most exciting decision of this year ? Where I am going to put all my crap in the new apartment ! 
Had a blast spending time with < PROPFIRST > Abantao . Time to crash before the ex-mother in law shows up . 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is FIGHTING cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
I felt the need to state the obvious . Those who know whom , know not to say anything . Those who don't know , they will find out soon enough . 
19 Days !!!! 
18 days ! To tell or not to tell . 
So what is on the stove waiting for me when I got home ? A can of corn to make him rice and corn for dinner . Go figure . 
Who wants 2 dogs that may very well end up in pain if they dont let me get sleep ! 
I refuse to be negative for the remainder of today ! 
\She left that loser in the dust cloud . \ 
A lot can be explained by the moon ... Also by stupid people . 
It sometimes comes down to two options : Lifetime of happiness or knowledge that someone else wont have it . 
I cannot willingly live in someone elses happiness . 
This pain is taking every little bit of strength I have left . 
TGIF ! 10 hours at work and then a weekend full of other crap to do for the townhome . 
Work is now done . I am standing outside the office waiting on the taxi to pick my ass up . 
Almost freaking home ! 
I'm going to the Acupunturist next week . I can't handle this pain anymore ! 
Name a theme for each of the rooms in the townhouse :\ 
- Master Bedroom\ 
- Master Bathroom\ 
- Spare Bedroom\ 
- Spare Bathroom\ 
- Living Room\ 
- Kitchen\ 
- 1/2 Bath ( downstairs ) 
14 days until I move ! Lord help me get through these next 2 weeks without becoming a pile of roadkill . 
Ikea trip was fun . Many ideas and laughs . Off to see an old friend , grocery shopping , and then back to da puppies ! 
Flat beer + sugar = No thanks ! 
I may not have much figured out , but I assure you , I know who my true friends are . - Me 
Off walking with < PROPFEMALE > and mom . Here comes a mile walk . 
So , < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Belden , and I walked 2 < PROPMALE > today .. I am officially broken ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > Moore , we need to have a \Come to Jesus\ " meeting [ as Mom would say . ] " 
Off to the ppv with Mom and < PROPMALE > . Then back to their place , grab the crap and dogs , and then home . 
Got the dogs , computer , clothes , and hangers . I am headed back to the temporary home . Only 13 more days !! 
I am home . Goodnight ! 
Oh , I am feeling the 2 mile walk right now ..... 
2 1/2 hours and I am headed home . Bedtime is coming soon ! 
Headed out of work with < PROPFEMALE > . I cant wait to get home and sit down ! 
There always comes a point where I have to remind myself to be proud of my accomplishments . Today is another one of those days . 
I think I need to go curl up in bed , and hide from the world . I have a feeling I will piss someone off if I am vocal anymore . 
You wanted to see me break down , there you go . I am finally in pieces . 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? ? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ? ??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
Okay , lord , I get it . You can stop testing me at any point now . I am better off without . Got it . 
11 days until my life is changed forever . 
About to head the heck out of here . I dont think I can handle much more of today . Lmao . 
Had an awesome dinner with < PROPFIRST > Garcia & < PROPFEMALE > . Work today , finding a ride home , and then back to procrastinating in doing laundry . My life in a nutshell . 
TGIW ! Thank god it's Wednesday ! 
I think today can be summed up by using one word ... Long ! 
Laundry started ? Check ! Dogs fed ? Check ! Chilling in the bedroom for a bit before I crash ? About to start . 
Off to work again ... Gotta love being off to work again ! 
5:30 cannot come soon enough !! 
Boy , do I hate this feeling !!!! I feel like I am going to jump out of my chest . 
TGIFF - Thank God It Is Friday Finally ! 
That is awesome .. Mom likes me the most , wants to kill me , and is my best friend all in 2011 . Great . 
Going MIA for a few days .. I need to figure shit out . 
Who will be pulling me back as I pull away ? 
~ ~ Put a photo of your pet - no matter what animal - as your profile picture ! The idea is not to see anymore people faces until February 28 , so as to cooperate with the campaign against ANIMAL ABUSE !!!!!! If you are against animal abuse , copy this message and put it as your status ! ~ ~ 
Officially did the last deed for the new apartment before moving in - signed up for electricity ! 
So this time next Sunday , I will be in my own townhouse - trying to unpack the madness that Saturday brought . This is now becoming real . 
I just told him ... 
So it is Monday all over again . The last 5 days before my life changes forever . 
Chick-Fil-A is packed - Off to Arby's instead . Screw that ! 
Scared out of my damn mind right now ! 
Got home . Dogs are okay , I have the check and it is away from him , and the apartment is in one piece . God I hope it stays this way . 
He is in the living room , watching a movie . So far so good . To everyone who calmed me down today ( and helped me ) , thank you so much . I love each of you ! 
Thank you lord for making my day a little bit easier ! 
The only real prison is fear , and the only real freedom is freedom from fear . \ 
~ Aung San Suu Kyi 
In the end , I had two choices : To let myself be happy , or let you be happy . After 6 years , I chose to let myself be happy . 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , I have a money order , benedryl for the dogs and lunch . One more thing to check off the list ! 
Two more things done that I could not finish at work . Yay . So time for bed . :-) 
Three more days .. I can't believe my life is changing forever . 
Off to work I go , off to work I go . Please let today be easier than yesterday ! 
In a little over 63 hours , I will be moving ... 
And at the end of it all , all I can say is \You are her problem now . \"" 
I made it home . Under 48 hours ... 
So I feel the need to write down my thoughts ; and then I remember , who really cares unless they are made into actions . 
What has changed in the past 6 years ? Everything ... But at least I know what I want , what I need , and what I won't put up with anymore . 
The next 24 hours are going to be extremely difficult . I am saying goodbye to the life I knew , and looking forward to a better , more loved life ahead . 
Am I really doing this ? Oh hell yeah , I am ! 
I got a $ 732 raise ! Yay ! 
Bathroom - Check ! Hallway Closet - Not done . Bedroom - Not done . End Table - 1/2 done ! Kitchen - Not done . ^.^ 
Bathroom - Check ! Hallway Closet - Check ! Bedroom - Not done . End Table - 1/2 done ! Kitchen - Not done . ^.^ 
Bathroom - Check ! Hallway Closet - Check ! Bedroom - Not done . End Table - 3/4 done ! Kitchen - Not done . Filing cabinet - Check ! ^.^ 
So while going through the filing cabinet and talking to friends , I ran across letters from my father ( and to my father . ) They reminded me exactly why I am doing this move right now . 
Waiting on the momma ! 
I signed the lease ! 
Money order - Check ! Internet card - Check ! Off to sign any other stupid paperwork for the old place and then moving ! 
I remember why I am leaving Trails of Ashford . Rude ass people . 
1st load done ! Dogs are chilling with momma at the townhouse . Off to do the second load . My legs are killing me already ! I am so going to get in shape quick ! 
Ugh ! Closet almost cleared out . On the way back with the second load of stuff . 
So 2 loads are moved over now . < PROPFIRST > Abantao and < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > are picking up drinks from the store nearby . Master bathroom is unpacked and dogs are pretty set-up . I can't believe this is really all mine . 
I am now 100% out of < PROPFIRST>'s apartment ! Thank you so much , < PROPFEMALE > Garcia , < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Abantao , < PROPFEMALE > Belden , & < PROPFIRST > Belden for helping me move ! I owe each of you a lifetime of gratitude ! <3 you all ! 
And I forgot < PROPMALE > . Lol . :-) 
Off to breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > Belden , < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > ! :-) 
Out shopping for things for the new townhouse ! Found a < PROPFEMALE > green bathroom rug set , a dog quote plaque , and a rug for the front door . :-) 
First morning alone ? Happy . 
Day 1 - Survived . Waiting on the cab to pick me up and then headed home to go lay down . 
My mama always told me never put off til tomorrow people you can kill today . :-) 
With stomach pain and a migraine , I vow to stay in bed today . 
Even after falling back asleep for a few more hours , I still feel horrible and really dizzy . This sucks . 
I am seriously considering going back to sleep for awhile . I am ready to feel normal again ! 
The boyfriend and I made a promise to each other that we will both write something , no matter how much or little , everyday until May 1st . Why does it seem like this is going to be a very long time period ?? 
Day 1 ... 
Is really not feeling up to being here today . 
I had lunch with < PROPFIRST > Abantao , < PROPFEMALE > Belden , and < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > at Black Eyed Pea . Yummy food . 
I took 3 Excedrine Extra Strength pills around 1:30 . It is now 3:12 and I still have this migrane and upset stomach . Ick ! 
5 minutes until I go home .... I am ready to put on music and wear myself out by unpacking stuff . Maybe that will help take my mind off of something . 
Waiting at the pharmacy for my drugs ... Apparently , I am not allowed to be crazy anymore . 
Still waiting ... 
And finally ... Drugs are now picked up . 
So I finally made it home .. That took flipping forever ! 
Goodnight ! 
I need to get the puppy steps for the babies to climb onto the bed .. I guess my babies are finally getting \old . \"" 
... I miss you . 
11 1/2 hours today without a break .... I am probably going to kill myself off before I know it . 
So plans constantly change . Waiting on colleague to take me home , so it will be 12 hours in this building without a break . I can't wait until the office moves ! 
I thought I was strong enough to do this ... I just realized how weak I really am . 
Who wants to come over and stay with me for a bit ? I'm losing it really quick and I need someone who won't be judgmental . 
Thank you , Lord . The message is all too clear . 
I'm in love with my best friend . It makes all the sense in the world now . 
T.G.I.F. - Can I call in dead ?? 
Thank you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > Moore for talking me down from the brink last night . I <3 you both ! 
I just ended an 7 year friendship ... I did the right thing . 
To anyone who has been hurt by the changes I have made in my life , I am sorry . Eventually , I hope each of you will forgive me . 
`v)\ 
` .  . \ 
 .  . )  . )\ 
( .  This balloon heart is traveling around the world for all the victims in the Japanese Earthquake & Tsunami . Please pass this balloon on & show your support & prayers for them all during this devastating time . 
Copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without your brothers or sisters protesting , it is true ! 
Got off work early , didn't go to my doctor's appointment because he had an emergency . < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > and I went to the old apartment to deal with that drama , went to All Size Storage to put in my vacate notice , went to T-Mobile to buy her a new phone , went to my apartment to get the dogs , went to Pasadena and then went back out to pickup < PROPMALE > Morales from work . Damn am I tired !! 
Happy Birthday , baby .... I love you ! 
While I have the house to myself , I am off getting all ' dolled ' up . Rather , I am getting myself un-uglified , rather . :-) 
< PROPMALE > is now done ! We are off to the PWA show . Pictures to come . ;-) 
Saw my two babes already . Got the picture taken for mom . And now just enjoying time with friends . :-) I love you , boyfriend ! 
Gotta love intermission . Come on guys ! 
So .... uh ... Are we done or no ? We are confused !! 
Headed to Whataburger with the crew . I cant wait until bedtime . 
Bedtime , please ! 
Had a fun night ... Time for bed . 
And goodnight . 
< PROPFEMALE > ran away again .... I am wondering if I should just let her one of these days . 
She ran away -again . - Next time , she is on her own ! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Morales play Naughty Bear on the Wii . This is interesting . 
Something is blooming in Pasadena and it is screwing with me . Bad ! 
There . All of the recent pictures taken over the past week are now uploaded . Enjoy ! 
So I took a 2 hour nap hoping I would feel better - I feel worse . Damn . 
On the road again ... 
49 days and counting .... Keep on believing . 
Still feel like crap , but oh well . 48 days . 
About to go out to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Sanchez . Ugh , it is raining ! 
Who wants to be awesome and take me home at 5:30 ? Last week of having to figure out this crap ! 
Cab is showing up at 5:30 . I need to go home , curl up in bed , and sleep . 
Headed home . I feel horrible ! 
Kind of hoping someone gets online so I can talk to them for a few moments before bed ... 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
99.1 -- As much as I feel like someone ran me over , I have way too much to do . 
Probably going to have to go to the doctors soon . 2 black-out periods today , still coughing , fever of 99.8 , and generally feeling like crap . Ugh . 
At work ... In pain . 
I am starting to think what I felt was true , maybe isn't so true anymore . 
So I managed through-out the day at work . fever coming and breaking every few moments . I think it is bedtime soon . 
Managed to cook my first meal ( even though it was very small ) in my own home ! Plus , the kitchen floor is wet from the dogs drinking their water - but I don't give a damn . It is their house too ! 
Heading out to lunch with < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > . Then I go back to work , and get off around 3:45 -4 o'clock to go to the doctor and deal with this crap in my chest . Oh what a joy ! 
Blood pressure was off the charts high ... 160/106 . So < PROPFEMALE > is banned from stress the rest of today . so contact her on facebook or msn to send happy thoughts . This is mom posting for < PROPFEMALE > 
Waiting on < PROPFIRST > Abantao . Apparently , he needs to watch over me when I am on these strong drugs . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > . 
So it is time to get up again ... Damn . 
Oooof ! Moving the office is now done . Time to unpack it all . 
Okay ... I am going to walk home now . 
Took me 15 minutes to walk home . I am fucking beat from today !!! 
Managed to walk home in 13 minutes ( with traffic . ) Damn am I fucking tired now after moving the office and walking home . Ugh ! Shower time soon . 
Who wants to go shopping for groceries and a microwave with me tomorrow ? :-) 
I am thinking .... Pjs , pillows , dogs , and a blanket sound like an awesome combination . 
And now , it is bedtime ... 
How is it that it is Saturday and I can't sleep ? Go figure . 
No time better than now since no one is replying to my messages to go eat something downstairs . 
Is thinking ... That isn't always a safe thing to do . 
It is entertaining when one minute everything makes sense , and another , nothing does . Life . What fun . 
Met my next door neighbor with the little dog . She is so sweet ! 
Who wants to come over and help me decorate ? ;-) Dining room table and chairs are setup , puppy jail is placed , and dog leashes are < PROPMALE > up next to the front door . 
< PROPFEMALE > just dug her way out of the back porch . There goes another scar on my heart . Ugh !! 
I need to go to IKEA . 
I am holding out for that one person that wants me as their number one . Not number whatever . 
This is the most time I have spent downstairs , all windows open , porch door open , music on with the dogs since I moved in . I am finally \home . \"" 
Someone better get this dog to stop barking before we are down 1 dog in this household . 
After moving boxes around and hanging up stuff around the place today , I need a back and neck massage . BAD ! 
You know that big thing , that has pillows and blankets and two dogs ? Yeah . That sounds really nice right now . Who wants to join me ? :-) 
Ugh ! 
I am happy to announce that the dogs and I have finally settled into our home . We no longer care about getting up and doing something right away , nor do we care that we all are hungry . We just want to stay curled up in bed . :) Welcome home , puppies ! 
Can someone tell me when these nightmares about < PROPFIRST > will end ?!? 
I have spent all day thinking about you ... I only hope you are watching over me in Heaven . 
If someone does not get this dog to stop barking , I may kill something . 
Mon shows up and everyone gets quiet . Fucking hell ! 
Rather ... Mom shows up . 
Today was ... Pricey . Went shopping with < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Abantao . Picked up groceries , large trash can for the kitchen , microwave , dish rack , dish rack mat , Silverware drawer , Tupperware lid container and some other stuff that I forgot . Mom made dinner . I'm exhausted and now drugged up . ' Night ! 
Oh yeah , and my phone is all possessed and shit now . So I am using the spare phone we had ( that mom brought over in another load of her crap today . ) So if I didn't respond to any of the texts , text me again with it . Hopefully , I can use my original phone tomorrow ( given the demons leave it . ) 
I love how the dogs are asleep once again . There is truly something wrong with this picture . 
I guess I should probably get ready for work one of these hours , huh ? I don't wanna ! :-) 
Yay ! My phone is acting semi-normal for now . 
Ugh ! Too much to do ! 
Being called into office for a \discussion\ " + Mental Breakdown at work ... Truly have to love it . " 
Do I stay at work to catch up and run the risk of another mental breakdown or go home and rest ? 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Daniels , I was dropped off at the front entrance tonight after taking a full xanax . Had a huge salad and the other Chicken Pasta meal left-over from last nights dinner . Now it is a waiting game to see if I may have company or not . I could really use some after today's conversation at work . 
To stay awake or to fall asleep ? I don't know anymore . 
Today is what you would call ' decision day . ' Ugh . I am tired of decisions . :) 
Eating lunch and then running back to work for another 3 hours . 
141 / 101 <--- Still too high and I need to destress ! 
8:30 with a 4:30 wake up time . Goodnight ! 
At work .... Is there any hope that getting here 2 1/2 hours early will get me caught up on stuff ?? 
Walked home for lunch , dropped off inventory thing and got mailbox key , got laundry card and filled up . Got a few minutes to rest and then walking back to work . 
Only a few hours left and I can go back home . Yay ! 
I have been told to say something when I need someone ... Well , I need you now . 
One of two things are going to happen ... Either I will continue stating what I feel or eventually stop talking completely . How far will they push me ? 
And now two loads of laundry is in the washers . Call me productive today ! 
Three loads of laundry done and upstairs . Ugh , I am tired now ! Bedtime ! <3 
Good morning .... 
I have truly become fearless over the past three weeks living alone in this apartment . We had a roach crawling around on the floor and < PROPFEMALE > went to investigate . It freaked her out so < PROPFEMALE > went over and looked at it - walked AROUND it and jumped on the bed from the other side . Why do I have dogs if they won't kill a damn bug ?! 
Lunch was yummy .... Picked up a few things at Family Dollar . Back to work . Oh yippee . 
Finally got down to a normal amount of emails . Time to go home . Screw this noise . ;-) 
Ever have one of those days where you can't catch up to save your life ? I am having one of those years . :-) 
Salad + Spaghetti = Happy Tummy 
Hmm ... You really have to love waking up to a long email from a loved one . It made my day ! 
Thanks to a friend : DEADLY TERMS USED BY WOMEN : 1 . FINE : This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right and you need to shut up . 2 . NOTHING : This means SOMETHING and you should be wary . 3 . GO AHEAD : This is a dare , NOT permission . DON'T DO IT ! 4 . WHATEVER : A woman's way of saying F*YOU ! \ 
5 . THAT'S OK : She's thinking long and hard befo ... re deciding HOW and WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake ! 
Every breath you take today should be with someone else in mind . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
To walk home for lunch or not to walk home for lunch .. That is today's question . 
Grabbing lunch with a colleague . Then back to work to deal with the rest of my day . 
Is looking for that person who wants to come over and spend time with me . Not because something is wrong , but because they just want company as well . Any takers ? 
\I had one of those days today ... So I need one of those nights tonight . \"" 
Don't ever count someone \out\ " in your life . They may just surprise you and really grow on you when you didn't think they would . " 
I'm honestly thinking about walking down Bissonnett to the dollar store - just to get out of the house for awhile . I have so much built up energy ! 
That was a fun workout . Walked 3/4 down to 59 , shopped for over an hour , got a lot of stuff for the place and walked back home . Ugh ! 
Puppy laundry done and puppies went for a walk tonight . I can't get into my mailbox , backdoor to the apartment , or storage unit . I know what I am doing on Monday during lunch ! Tomorrows tasks are : Bathe puppies , change out puppy jail bedding , and change my bedding . 
Don't Worry ' Bout A Thing - SheDaisy 
Another one of those nights with horrid nightmares . Ugh ! 
Chillin ' in bed with the puppies . Tasks for today : Bathe dogs , change puppy bedding , change my bedding . -- Maybe tonight will be more entertaining . 
# 1 rule for dealing with me : Do not play games with me . In my short amount of years , I have had way too much experience with playing them . 
One dog bathed . Only one more to go . 
Success ! Both dogs are now bathed as am I . Bedding is changed upstairs . Now I just need to change out the puppy jail bedding , do the few loads of laundry that I created , and make dinner . I am exhausted now ! 
Too tired to cook - I resorted to cereal for dinner . Pathetic , huh ? 
Not much else got accomplished today after bathing the dogs , but oh well . I am way too damn tired . Tomorrow starts another work-week . May I stay as sane as possible through it . 
Lord , may you kindly help keep my mouth shut today . I need to hide from everyone and regain the ability to not say a word even if they piss me off . 
Walking home for lunch to see my babies . 
Work order put in , food grabbed and now home . 15 minutes and I have to go back . Ugh ! 
No better idea than to walk back to work ... Only 4 1/2 more hours until I can go home again ! 
I have the worst pain in my neck ... This is going to be a fun week ! 
I never realized how little people I can vent at until now . 
I have finally figured it all out ... Don't rely on someone else to \be\ " there for you . Rely on yourself to NOT kill those who piss you off in your path . " 
I just realized a part of a conversation I had earlier today . \ 
Me : I got suckered into moving a table from down the hall into another room . \ 
Him : Good thing . \ 
Me : What do you mean by that ? I walk to and from work everyday now to my apartment . \ 
Him : Good . You need it . \ 
WTF ? 
Dogs are back out asleep like nothing else . It isn't fair ! :-) 
From this moment on .. No one is allowed to say \Goodbye\ " or any form thereof . It will be \ " See you later\ " or any form thereof . " 
Having dinner with the mommy . Good times . 
Tonight was hard .. Tomorrow will be even harder . But since I couldn't actually say it earlier . Thank you , momma . You have been my rock through-out the past few months and I couldn't have done it without you . I love you so much ! 
Thought about you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and day's before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have is memories and a picture in a frame . You're memory is a keepsake in which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart .... Re-post if you have someone special in heaven . 
It is 7am and I strongly think I am more tired than last night . Today shall be a fun day . Ugh . 
Grabbing lunch and then headed back to the world of work . So far only 2 breakdowns .. 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
The last person I needed to hear from just sent me a text .... I think I have hit my limit today . 
So everyone knows , I am okay . A little messed up still , but holding it together as much as possible . It is now bedtime . \ 
Thanks to a friend for keeping me company . Even though I wanted to hurt him half-way through . :-) 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? Its Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding . 
I am finally home ! 
So I am officially alone in the state of Texas . Her residence is now in Wisconsin . As much as I miss her , I know she has to do what is necessary . I <3 you , momma ! 
I think my body is finally giving up . Damn , I am exhausted !! 
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn't think you wanted . 
So I tried getting up out of the bed and I ended up flat down on my back instead . Lol . 
AHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YOU DON'T LOOK SICK ! It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside and looking fine on the outside . Put as your status for 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness : Lupus , Fibromyalgia , CF , APS , Diabetes , Crohn's , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , Bipolar , ASD , Anxiety , Autism , Cancer . You don't know what's going on inside someones body . 
Paid first full months rent . Yay ! 
I should really walk down to the store and pick up some groceries , but I don't feel up to it today . My allergies are beating up my nose ! 
Tomorrows plan is to have lunch with the brother .. As for today ? I need to do this damn laundry . Lol . 3 weeks in a row and all I do is laundry ! 
So I am resting upstairs with the babies . Dishes are running in the dishwasher and I need to start the laundry ... I really would like to find a ride to the grocery store sometime . Hmph . 
Took an hour nap . I still feel like hell . Ugh . 
So it is only 9pm on Saturday and I am laying in bed again , pillow massager on my neck and surrounded by puppies . Yep . It is bedtime . 
It is 20 til noon and waiting to see if brother is still wanting to have lunch today ... What fun . 
Fixed up the kitchen a bit , rearranged stuff in the cabinets to fit everything . I have under 2 hours until I get to have lunch with the brother - way too long . I still haven't done laundry though . :-) 
So I followed < PROPFIRST > St < PROPFIRST > advice and let the massage pillow run against my neck . It didn't help . In fact , I am still in severe pain . I guess I need to let it massage my neck again tonight . Ugh ! 
About to have lunch with the brother ... About damn time . I am hungry ! 
This evening was entertaining to say the least . Thanks to the brother , I was able to pick up some groceries and get out of the home for a bit . We <3 you , brother ! 
Couldn't sleep worth a damn and been up for 2 hours already . I guess I should get ready for work , huh ? 
Psychiatrist appointment at 4:30 pm today . Today shall be fun ! 
I forgot . I live my life to please the dogs . No wonder why they continuously kick and shove me out of the way . 
\And I close my eyes\ 
A good portion of my work on Friday was for nothing . I so want to say a few choice words right now . 
I am about to hit the end of my tolerance level . 
Ask for one more thing ... I am out . I am done . 
And there you go . That last thing was asked . And now I am locked out of my computer . Ugh ! 
Waiting on the cab . Ugh ! 
Cab finally showed up . Almost to the office . Ugh ! More stress ! 
40 minutes late - but better than never . F'n cab driver who had an attitude problem ! 
In 26 days , everything I know will change forever . In 88 days , I get to go see my beautiful niece , sister , mothers , and father ! 
I am still exhausted ! Ugh ! 
I can't care anymore today .. I give up . 
Finally walking up to my home . I am dead ass tired ! 
To ask around for a ride to Walgreens or not to ask . That is the question . 
As much as I say I don't need you , a part of me still wants you to push for me to need you . 
I have waited 3,680 days [ since I met you ] to call you \mine . \ " I only hope that the next 25 days go by quicker than ever before so decisions can be made . " 
So as of Friday , April 8th , 2011 , my sister will be moving in with me finally . This weekend is going to be CRAZY ! 
Ever have one of those days where you don't want to do anything just yet , and do not really care about the consequences ? Yeah , that is my day today . 
I still don't want to get up and get going . I guess I have to eventually . 
Gotta love 2 1/2 hours worth of training . 
I am about to throw my hands up in the air and say \Okay . I am done . You won . \"" 
The puppies and I went out and walked for a good 30-45 minutes . Saw a group of young children , they played , I played with a 1 month old pitbull ( adorable ! ) Some guy came up , started hitting on me and asked for my number . That was a very productive walk ! 
Explain to me why my sister and brother can't talk to -each other- ?? < PROPFEMALE > Moore & < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > -- What in the world happened you two ?? Someone better start answering some serious questions . 
Crap ! I still haven't found a ride over to Walgreens to drop & pickup my scripts . 
I AM A HANDFUL -I'm strong willed , independent , outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you ............... double dog dare you ... 
Okay . Ugh . I am up and sorta moving . 
I have been at work for 4 hours and I have gotten next to nothing accomplished . Great . 
I just keep replaying the following statement in my mind : My give a damn is busted . 
I had to make the decision between my family and work . I am headed home for today . Work can wait . 
I have been waiting .. I am starting to think I am \done\ " with it . " 
More of the living room cleared out . Dinner was made and consumed . There are tons of crap on the stairs that I need to bring up to the bedroom . Too much to do . 
I need furniture ( i.e. bookshelves , end tables , paintings , etc . ) Bad ! 
It is 10:30 and my mind is still racing . I dont know what to say or do anymore . 
I guess I should go shower ... ugh . 
I ended up borrowing the back transmittor device from the supervisor . It is on my spine and neck . This is heaven ! 
Ugh . It is only 12pm and I am already done with today . That is a bad sign ! 
In an hour I have a meeting . In 4 hours , I have to get the heck out of here and move in my sister and niece . 
I don't think all this is ever really going to end . Oof ! 
Headed home . Will I or will I not have company ?? 
I am -exhausted . - But home ! :-) 
Retail therapy tomorrow at Ikea . :-) Yay ! 
It took me 34 days before I fell up the stairs and landed head-first against the wall . Lovely . 
I guess I should get up and function . Retail therapy and bonding time with a friend today . ;-) 
I refuse to sit around the rest of my life waiting around for you to decide that I am the chosen one . 
Picked up mail from Johns place . I do not miss this horrible gut feeling at all . Ugh . 
Had lunch at Cheddars with butthead . Off to Ikea ! 
Picked up a few things at Ikea . Off to walgreens to pick up medication . 
At Petsmart ! Puppy Mart ! 
Back home . I took the Inderal . Let us see what happens . 
Had a successful day shopping with < PROPFIRST > Abantao . Got a few things at Ikea , PetsMart and medication at Walgreens . 
Just found out the main hell of my existence has a new vehicle .. This is what rage of fury feels like . 
I have a hot date with 4 different people tonight : Pillow , Blanket , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Night everyone ! 
What will today bring ? I am not too sure I want to get up and find out . :-) 
I think I need someone to massage this pain out of my shoulder . I think I screwed it up during my trip up the stairs . Hmph . 
Okay .. So brother isn't up yet . Sister isn't replying to any of my messages . And I have no idea what today is going to bring . But bring it on already ! 
And I give up ... Have it your way . 
Nothing yet ... 
Brother took over the computer . Whatever he says , I am sorry in advance ! 
Decision has been made . 
Three loads of laundry done . Remaining three loads in the dryer . With any luck , I will be out like a light by 10:30 pm . 
Laundry is done for a few weeks . Probably need to do another small load next weekend , but oh well ! I am beat now ! 
In 5 days , I would have been with him for 6 years . I can only hope that each year , these dates become a distant memory . 
Heading to work ... I need today to fly by . 
The fall from Saturday is catching up to me ... Oof . 
Having a nice lunch . Salad , chicken rice and broccoli dish , and a side of corn . Yummy . 
Everytime I feel like I am getting ahead ... I realize that I am still 10,000 steps behind . This is a never-ending spiral . 
I am headed home . I am in too much pain to stay any longer . 
Heading into work really early today ... I need to try and do something productive . Back , leg , and arm still are bothering me -- but to another day ! 
Lunch time ! 
Thanks to a friend , I made it home after being at the office for 13 hours . Another long day tomorrow since I got close to nothing accomplished . Bedtime soon ! 
Wakey wakey . Ugh ! 
I need sleep . Pronto ! 
\The best way to right a wrong is to apologize to the one who you wronged . \"" 
Oh yeah .. And it was one of those days today , so I needed one of those nights ( cereal ) tonight . :-) 
Unless someone on in particular jumps online , I think I am going to sleep . 
Yep ... It is bedtime . 
That was an enlightening phone conversation ... Yep . Brain power is depleted . Time to recharge . 
So much for waking up on tine . Obviously my body is cussing me out . 
I am having another one of those days . I.am going for straight sugar - Mountain Dew . 
Just now leaving the office to head home . Ugh ! 
For anyone who may ( or may not ) be worried about me , I made it home safely in the dark . All is well . 
Who wants to go shopping for a vacuum with me this weekend ? :) 
Watching Country Strong .. I think it is time to settle into my date with the pillow and blanket . 
So I left work only 12 hours ago ... And now I have to get ready to go back . TGIF . I need a weekend ! 
I am about to stop helping everyone ... I seem to get screwed in the end . 
Ugh !!!!!!!! 
\Never wrestle with a pig : You both get all dirty and the pig likes it . \"" 
... Still at work .. Still stuff to do .. 
I am hitting the \MY head hurts too much to think straight\ " point .. I don't know of one place that is worth all this pain and annoyance . " 
Managed to get home around 25 - 30 minutes ago ( or something like that . ) Too long of a day . Ugh . 
How'd I sleep ? One dog was barking at her shadow on the wall all night . The other was itchy and scratchy all night . 
Thoughts keep running through my mind ... With any luck , they will stop soon . 
So it appears I will be without family .. That is fine . Whatever . 
Woke up from my nap with a threatening message .. Great . 
Had lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Belden and < PROPFIRST > Belden . Picked up my medicine and got a new phone ( since the other one was dying fast . ) Successful day ! 
I can't send out text messages and called Customer Care and still couldn't figure it out . So if you need me , send me a message here . I can receive , just not send . Ugh ! 
Take it from e ... If you ask for trouble , it will find you . 
So today is one of those days where when everything goes left , I go right . What fun . 
Finally heading home . Manic monday ! 
Brother is settled in . Family is fed and happy . Life is good . 
Out of the entire family , it is only < PROPFEMALE > and I that are awake . Go figure . 
Off to the doctor ... Let us see if this medicine is working properly or not . 
148 / 89 
So far today , I have heard constant complaining . Only 5 1/2 more hours and I am home free . Ugh ! 
Left work on time , dinner is made and consumed , and little brother is walking down to Redbox to find some movies . Life is good . 
A 15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son ; people call her a slut . But no one knows she was raped at 13 . People call a girl fat ; no one knows she has a serious disease that causes her to be overweight . People call an old man ugly ; no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while serving our country in Vietnam . Re-post this if your against bullying and stereotyping !!!! I bet none of you will post this 
And cut ! This show is over , folks ! I cant do it anymore today ! 
So the one who I made sure I was online for , isn't around . Little brother is off playing with his best friend . The dogs and I are curled up in bed . I think it is Friends and bedtime for this exhausted parent ! 
And I am now dressed . I think it is time to face the music and deal with today . Ugh ! 
\When I feel the world around me 
I love getting home to a notice about a recent robery and assault in the area . That is awesome . 
I can't get you off of my mind . I only wonder if I have been running through yours . 
So I can't quite figure out why I continue sleeping the weekend away . But it has dawned on me that this is the first holiday that I will be celebrating without the momma . 
And the hits keep on coming ! 
Puppies + Little Brother + Movies = Good times . 
Happy Easter , everyone . 
I couldnt tell you the questions ... All I have is the answer right now . 
Ugh ! Round three of walking to the store . Little brother decided to do this trip alone . 
I would like ten minutes of not worrying about what the future holds ... I want to focus on right now . 
It is quite simple afterall . Lord brought this challenge into my life for a reason . I just wish I knew the reason ! 
How is it that the little brother is out like a light but I am wide awake ? Darn it all ! 
It is Monday morning yet again ... Enough said . 
It is 1pm and nothing has been accomplished . That is awesome ! 
I was promised that he would never say such things to me .. I guess promises only matter until the truth comes out . 
Another day pretending to be 2 people at the same time ... I am prepared to give up my \multiple hats\ " at anytime . " 
Heading to the doctor -again . - Blood pressure reading to come . 
Blood pressure reading : 144 /110 . 
While waiting outside for our ride to pick us up , two birds flew down and started cleansing each other . Video to come ! 
So while trying to open up a can of Chili tonight , we managed to get a few laughs out of trying to figure out how to work this damn can-opener that looks completely stupid . Yeah , good times . 
Finally made it home . 
Saved my ass once again .... I know my one wish for tonight .. 
It is going on 10 and I am still awake . This isnt good . 
So today starts another day ... 
Little brother has decided on grilled chicken < PROPMALE > for dinner ... yummy . 
Today is taking it all out of me ... and I feel so unaccomplished . Ugh ! 
Taught little brother how to make Grilled Chicken < PROPMALE > . Yummy stuff . 
Watching little brother kill zombies . Good times . 
Even in the past week , a lot has changed . Now , I am sitting here with less than 24 hours to go , and it doesn't feel the same . 
Lunch with the brother . Yummy . 
Who needs CD's , Radio's , IPODs ? I have LIVE music downstairs as we speak . :-) 
I just saw the second most beautiful pitbull in the world ! Second to my Army baby . :-) 
The significant of today is not lost on me at all ... I am very well aware . 
Life can finally get back to \normal\ " now ... " 
I think I may end up going to sleep .. I am so tired ! 
Woke the little brother up to Cinnamon Rolls and a Coke Zero in bed . He is all set for today now . 
Watching \The Social Network\ " with the brother . I am starting to crash hard from the cinnamon rolls earlier . Ugh ! " 
Today was another one of those days ... Time to get some rest . 
Watching Jackass 3 with the little brother ... Bedtime is talking at this rate . 
Still feeling like crap ... Family is out like a light . I wish I could just go back to sleep . 
So I give up with the internet connection tonight .. Screw it . 
Walking with little brother and < PROPMALE > . What an interesting night . 
It is 7AM and I am chillin ' at work . Shoot me come 5:30 because I WILL be a walking zombie ! 
Throat hurts , dinner consumed , movie on and bedtime ! Audios ! 
Gotta love being a venting post for someone ... Now they see what I have been saying forever now ! 
Home sweet home . Dinner and bedtime . Another long day tomorrow ! 
