drunken wrestling does sometimes leave bruises . 

what makes potato salad a salad . 
I am the guaranty . 
lets all sing the insomnia song ! 
Realized i'll be twent one before the world ends in 2012*snicker * which means I'll three months of black out drunken parties before shit blows up , awesome 
Another Realization , Silence is my enemy . I will combat it till I die ! 
Leverages new album Circus Collosus is an eargasm 
I had my palm read , I wrote something on it first , to see if she would read it too 
Why is the floor as low as I can go ? 
Ah fucking shitballs , I swear every job available that I can actually fucking get to either requires experience I don't fucking have or they just dont seem to fucking like my applications , its getting quite rediculous what with 6 months of applications and only getting one fucking interveiw , AAAAAAAAGH 
I want a chicken thumb , they must be accumulating , no one ever orders them 
Wallow in your melfacitude , bitch ! 
Ah shit this place is haunted , I can't be funny when I'm frightened ! 
Warning ! I am so fucking awesome that prolonged exposure to my awesomeness has been known to cause : Blindness , Deafness , Inabillity to taste , Internal Spontaneous Combustion , Random Explosions , Mutated Growths , and Side-splitting laughter . 
Prolonged Exposure to the awesomeness that is Me can also lead to gingerfication 
I'm ignoring you ... * poof * 
I'm like a low frequency wave 
considering changing my last name to Killmaster , Kel Killmaster , at your service . lol 
I did not learn my aa bb cc's god god damn it damn it 
What do you mean I hurt your feelings , I didn't know you had any feelings ! 
blah ? 
Greenday has once again made me question society as a whole ... American Idiot ... The Musical ... alright everyone into the bomb shelters 
its clinically proven 
I'm sick-of-soup of the day , It's time we made a decision , I want to know what the fuck soup-from-now-on is . 
P . S this is what part of the alphabet would look like if Q and R were eliminated . 
Just got a huge thing of my chest , and am reminded why < PROPFEMALE > is my favorite sister . 
man , dreamland is seriously starting to mess with my head 
Seriously dreamland ? two cans of fucking spam ? WHAT THE FUCK ?!?!?!? 
Once again life throws a curveball , and once again , I am not in the baseball stadium . 
You know what pisses me off , people who use ne instead of any , omg people its one letter longer YOU WONT DIE . 
Hey , this might sound Odd , but this is a serious question ... did anyone else just hear a fucking goose ? 
Capture him if he's alive , if not , kill him ! Quickly ! kill him if he is not alive ! 
This is funny shit , I will potentially be making money by sitting on my ass and googling shit . My life has reached a new pinnacle of awesome . 
I'm selling some shirts later , they don't got my name on em , there just Hanes Three Packs . 
Did you come here to watch me burn ? well bitch I'm fire proof , what now ? 
Ok bitches I am officially answering your chacha questions , text your bitch ass questions to 242242(chacha ) and Maybe I'll be the guy who answer em . 
\Wage Labour and the Bullsh* t-t o-Salary Ratio : How to Determine When You're Not Getting Paid Enough For This Sh*t . \"" 
I'm going to have to cut my hair ... 
When they ask you about this Tell them i was ... Running in the company of wolves It's the company we keep Brotherhood Bound by the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It seems I may soon have the bequeath the holy grail of stonertude , who among you is so great as to deserve to take care of this artifact of incredible potency ? 
your doing it wrong . 
All you outsiders , you haters and liars , your time is just counting , so come meet the mountain . 
I'm actually bald , what you think is my hair is actually a lion waiting for the right moment to pounce on your ass , and chew him up some meat . 
Ah fuck , shit just got real again . 
Those who denounce a way of life Will stand alone . Left to atone their social blunders If you gun down the messenger You guarantee that he will be made Into a saint A martyr of the free word 
In the distant maze , I see two doors . One leads to change , one leads to where I've been before . I am an angel , on broken wings . I am the beast , the devil and all in between . Nothing at all 
forgiveness is a six-gun , teach me how to shoot . 
Seriously my ability to notice time moving seems to be lacking recently , Its 4:30 then suddenly its 10:30 , and I don't recall doing much of anything in the 6 hour period . yet it went by so fast . 
Brought to your knees , you can't possibly see over the hedge , yet still you claim to . 
Kel - Better then an anti-depressant 
One , Two , Three , Four , Stop ! Command ! 
Children please follow me , I'll lead you to your < PROPFEMALE > , Walk into fire , my disciples Children just obey me , I've paved your road to tragedy , Singing the hymn of the hellhorn , Listen to me , Children just obey me , And march on to the battlefield , Singing the hymn of the hellhorn , Children please follow me , Children just obey me , Don't think , just follow me , Children just obey me , Singing the hymn of the hellhorn . 
Ok , Ok , Ok , I'm gonna need a small female dog , between 5-40 lbs , and some one to smack in the face with said dog , I will literally bitch slap someone before my life is over , G'DAMNIT! 
OOH I am the pwnage , just had a awesome great game , won a GunGame on Counterstrike , something I have only ever done once before , my bullets flew with such ease into the faces of those lowly noobs , only one person was able to kill me ! That person killed me three times , I had over 60 kills , this was rediculous . I was inhabited by the spirit of Online Shooters , and he did take me to victory ! 
AXECOP ! 
Lemons ... Perfect for Orange Juice 
If you are my < PROPMALE > I will be your Kain In this lament of innocence If you are a fire I will be the rain I will always be your bane 
Its snowing , whoopdedoo ... ( goes back to sleep ) 
Your thoughts on me owning a hearse ? 
iwannahearseiwannahearseiwannahearse 
Man I got some mental issues when it comes to calling people I don't know 
TROOOOOOOOOOOOOOGDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR ! 
Over the next 90 minutes I'd like to show you that all your problems can be solved by my penis . 
\I'm A FATHER ! \ " \ " YOUR A TWO WHEELED MONSTER ! \ " sobbing noises " 
My name is Legion and We bring destruction and death . 
Is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > gonna have to choke a bitch ? 
Believe in nothing hard to see . Believe in everything this world is free . Listen to your heart never forget . Tales of yore trust them yet . 
narwhals ! narwhals ! swimming in the ocean , causing a commotion cuz they are so awesome ! 
NARWHALS NARHWHALS , LIVING IN THE OCEAN , CAUSING A COMMOTION , CUS THEY ARE SO AWESOME ! 
Wanna go ? 
Dance to the Twilight Symphony ! 
Kel - Definition of Flippant 
Will be playing the Just cause 2 demo , leave me alone , I must destabilize an island country with my EXPLOSIONS ! 
Well , im off to conquer the world , people who require me , call and or text , as I will not be coming down from my throne . 
Its ok everybody I'm alive , but I seem to be half deaf now . also , you can be made to vomit through pain only , several times . 
Ok , so I'm not in constant pain anymore , but I still can't hear as well as I should be able to out of my right ear . 
< PROPFIRST > , I'm going to punch you for everytime I've heard my pulse ... with my head . 
Whats wrong < PROPFIRST > , what you chookooing about ? 
ok , still can't hear well out of my ear , and I still dont have all of my balance back , but I'm not in that much headpain any more . 
Everything I say comes out with quotation marks pre-applied . 
Sail away to avalon , the journey has begun , sail away through the night , sail away never die , the gods are at your side , sail away through the night , sail away ! 
Go join the lines , the legions of invisible . 
Oh thats cool , I really don't care , but thats cool , stop talking to me . <- is what Im usually thinking when i'm talking to you people . drum up some relevance , at least make me think the shit your talking about is relevant to something I can grasp , or atleast something I'd want to grasp . ah I'm fucking with ya I dont give a damn , talk all you want . 
When your getting picked on by orphans , you know your a loser . 
My Affluence makes a nonsense of the regulations ! 
I need to decide on a sleep schedule and stick to it already , I mean come on kel stop staying up later every day , that is not how you fix this , it doesn't matter how hard you try , you don't have the will power to stay up 32+ hours when your not doing shit in that period of time . go to fucking sleep already . 
Tohu Tehom Theli Than Leviathan Tanin'iver Taninsam 
This is probably the most important archaelogical find ever , I'm turning this shit into a card came , yea ! 
I'm sorry I dont speak bitch , your gonna have to get me a translator . 
CMON BITCHES LETS TORIBASH , I'LL CUT YOU UP SO BAD , YOU'LL WISH YOU NEVER PLAYED TORIBASH WITH ME . 
god damn hulu , stop throwing male underwear models in my face when Im trying to watch family guy , NO I DONT WANT TO SEE YOUR COCK , GOD DAMN IT , STOP ASKING ! 
ah metal covers of random 80-90s pop songs , you make me laugh . 
man Im so awesome All I need is 20 minutes of sleep and I'm completely rested ... 
Thunder and lightning Eccentric machines these are the devils that shout in his dreams Double the pain I'm sure I saw him smile Double the pain Let's kick him for a while Double the pain 
I wish your mind would wander , and never return . 
I have the ability to break off limbs with my mind , beware . 
Destroy all , or nothing 
This is the voice of silence no more . 
Leave no one alive , let nothing survive 
life is an apple , and I'm the worm that ruined it , buwhahaha 
Be a rider of storm 
BUWAHAHAHAHAH , I'm going to kidnapp someone , and put then in a room with a moose for 2 weeks , with no outside contact , and see what happens . I cant stop laughing , ahahah 
Insane celebration , Salvation's unborn , Violent is the rapture , Blasting the virginborn . 
Touched by the Crimson < PROPMALE > , Touched by the Savior , The Tower falls on Judgement day ! 
Walk on the heights , beware the daggers edge , your path is covered in razors , your soul has not the strength to resist , cut deep , behold my works , and despair . 
We live in an age where pizza gets to your house before the police 
If at first you dont succeed , redefine success . 
Don't tell me the sky's the limit , when there are footprints on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
They pray for villains , when their heroes let them down . 
Lack of sleep makes shit weird ... god damn pervasive feelings of wrongness , this is my house I BELONG HERE STOP MAKING ME THINK OTHERWISE !!!!! 
Man , everytime I get out of the shower I re-realize how awesome my hair is . 
weep no more , look up , and behold your destruction . 
Ok , 1050$ till i can get a car that runs semi-good woot . 
Ice cream truck just went by , right after I heard its jingle I also heard one of the most rediculously agonized child screechs ever , I look outside and no one seems to be hurt , damn , kids these days , if they dont get there sugar they're fucking pyscho , and if you give them sugar , they're fucking pyscho ... we can't win people ! 
man , my sleep schedule just see-sawed , usually im asleep by 7am and up by 3pm , but today i was asleep by 7pm and awake by 3am ... hot damn . 
Oh , the ones that I seek , Are defenseless and weak , Soon their hearts will be mine , And no one can slip , From my powerful grip , I was born to deceive , The smell of your flesh , So rancid and fresh , It keeps me alive . 
what the hell body , you want to go on another 24 hour conciousness spree ? 
Ah , well , I think from around noon friday to now , I've slept like 12-14 hours . awesome ... my transformation shall soon be complete , I will no longer sleep , just plot ... I already can't bleed from serious injuries , muwhahah , inducing immortality through sheer awesomeness is my next goal . 
Haiku time ! blood stained face flutters , a roiling stream unbelieved , in our hearts deeper 
I just made a sandwitch , a sandwitch that defys classification . lets look at the ingredients . Canned tuna w/ Mayonaise and two fingertips of < PROPFEMALE > bbq sauce Turkey sliced tomatoe Lettuce all on Jewish Rye . this is definately in the top 5 of weirdest sandwitches I've ever made . 
So a cat just raped another cat down my driveway . It was quite funny , they actually rolled down the last part , in a little catrapeball haha . 
That picture made me feel productive . 
stagnancy am I , reverberating the sound , apathy is soon . Haiku time . 
Ah Reinkaos , you are an album I will never tire of . 
The snake will completely devour itself putting an end to the cycle of time , Acausal flames will burn all to ashes erasing all signs of the demiurge crime 
Who do YOU think is gonna protect us from the forces of evil ? The Canadian military ? I think not . 
I am an angel , I am the Beast , Stand with or against , you cannot be saved , Life ! Thy name is futility . 
YO , anyone gotta empty house tomorrow night ? 
Carve me up , slice me apart . Suck my guts and lick my heart . Chop me up I like to be hurt . Drink my marrow and blood for dessert . 
There is no need for sin where you're going ! 
So me and the Pope are best friends , in fact , when he tells the public he is communing with god , hes really just getting his ass beat on counter-strike . 
And so ends the first plant massacre of 2010 , I return to my abode , heavy with plant guts , and covered with plant blood . 
what the health ? strawberrys as a side for a sandwitch ? Dad you have gone insane . 
shit just doesn't happen 
The twilight mountains you will climb , Brighter than the sun you will shine , Louder than thunder you will roar , Above the world your voice will soar , Through the universe you will fly , Expand the earth , tear up the sky , Once your spirit will break free , A new spring will bring < PROPFEMALE > . 
Argument 
4 hours , and a 175,000 words later , I reign awesomely , and supreme . 
I'm an open book with empty pages . 
Twice as epic as Mount Everest 
I have slain the giant . 
I am likened to a force of nature , where ever I go , Shit happens . 
I can legally have a pet fox , awesome , shits going down people . 
Computer broke , My awesomeness Overpowered it . 
Ah damn the choices for my breed of expensive Fox , I could get a Siberian Silver Fox or A North African Fennic Fox , the fennic would be cheaper , going as low as 1k , or I could splurge and get the Larger more awesome looking Silver Fox for 6k ... this is something to save for , but Im getting a god damn fox ! 
< PROPMALE > LINCOLN : EXPLOSION GOD ! 
Insanity falls , The wall breaks down in pieces , call for amnesty . Haiku time RETURNS ! 
I want to place a person in a permanent state of astonishment , and then study them . 
So anyone remember an old movie circa 1997 called Warriors of Virtue involving 5 warrior Kangaroos who represented an element each such as Earth , Wood , Fire , Water and Metal ? yea , I just smacked you with nostalgia , but apparently they made a sequal , amazing I Know , I fucking loved the original , the sequals gonna such when i find it , I just know . 
Man , I know I dropped the ball but , I only just now got The Gathering Storm by < PROPFIRST > Jordan/Brandon Sanderson . still , I do not beleive you all shall be seeing be until it is read , I see myself entering a most rediculous reading daze the likes of which haven't been seen since ever . 
I hate ... damn it what do I hate ... ah yes now I remember , I hate Intrepids(one day you'll be at home , watching the news , when a story comes on about how every single Intrepid in the greater atlanta area had mysteriously been blown up , dont even try to pin that shit on me , I'll have one solid ass alibi . ) , Green Peppers , and not waking to the sounds of battle . 
Fucking computer keeps going back in time , told me it was sunday morning , and I was like , bull shit computer , I just did sunday , I cant be doing it again so soon . 
this is my anger , you need to shut the fuck up , I will punch your face . Haiku time returns with wrathful sentiment ! 
Ok Avantasia , did you have to put Lost in Space in every other fucking album ? 
Rule of Life : Love the Kel . 
I love reading crazy , Crazy is awesome , I want to read more crazy , but few have the ability to write chaos well , so I must sit and ponder and wait ... wait for the next awesome crazy story . 
Wonderful music resonates with my soul , gives me the chills , and causes other awesome reactions , like spontaenious combustion . 
I wanna go to Topeka Kansas , who wants to come with me ? First item on the Lists of Shit to Do involve beating down some Fundies at Westboro Baptist church , you know the one , what with their \Thank God for Dead Soldiers\ " posters and what not . " 
I wish I could just drop you in my thoughtstream , and watch you drown . 
My computer just told me it loves me , by magically finding an extra 13 gigs . 
Enjoying me a tall glass of Grapefruit Juice , most just taste the bitter , but I can taste the fruit , and the fruit is good . 
Ok , I prefer Settlers 6 to Settlers 7 , even though 7 has awesome graphics , its rather confusing without a < PROPMALE > so Imma just stick to the shit I know to be awesome 
Don't close your eyes , what if all disappears ? 
Anyone else have habits they feel are weird ? like ocd wierd ? fucking hate those habits .... 
I am a cybernetic organism , living tissue over ENDOSKELETON ! 
Odd ? Odd is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > playing tetherball with < PROPFIRST > Helsing . Odd is a big toad tadpole tainted by the tide of a Dawnson's best . ODD is a forty-year old senior officer who crys himself to sleep every night dreaming of a life on the road as a travelling ? naked contortionist never returning home , never stopping , or breaking his stride .... unless he saw a TGIFridays , he f**king loves that place 
O RLY ? 
I enjoy the dichotomy of the word Brutalize 
DOCTOR OCTA-MOTHERFUCKING-GONNAPUS BLBLBLBLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH ! 
Off to the second great plant massacre of 2010 . 
Asthma attacks me I find myself not enjoying life right now . 
When batman calls shenanigans , shits going down . 
CATRAPEBALL ! 
Through fire be purged . 
Aha , I have won . 
I demand a new season of Whose Line is it Anyway ? 
Once again I prove my superiority over electronics , you cannot defeat me limited hard drive space , I will alway work around you ! 
The Witcher was obviously developed by very manly men . 
anyone else have thought trains like this ---<====>--<==>--<=========>----- 
this was not for you to see , I am forever , the bloody truth is upon your distant gaze . 
BITCHSLAPS FOR EVERYONE ! You get a bitchslap ! And you get a bitchslap ! EVERYBODY GETS A BITCHSLAP ! ITS A BITCH SLAP BROUHAHA ! 
Ok , so I've read more things about people beating on 4/20 then I've read stoners praising the day , I was gonna say something snarky but then I realized that the stoners are to stoned to get on facebook , so < PROPFEMALE > on . 
NIGHTFALLLLLLLLL ! 
I plead rediculous . 
YAY the Holy Bibble is back ! ALL PRAISE THE BIBBLE ! http://www.holybibble.net/ 
car fund 200$ job search victories 0 
Have you heard the word ? 
Reinkaos is such a fun song to groove to . 
I've grown exponentially more sexy at the expense of beef , this is not a world I want to live in . 
When I rise I will split the sky asunder , < PROPFIRST > the day the heavens cry blood , for then shall I reign supreme . 
Your battle called self destruction isn't what it used to be . 
Ok , im off to do other shit , if you need me phone me . 
damned and Divine . 
BUWHAHAHAHA I HAVE ACCESS TO THE APB BETA FUCKING WOOOT ! 
15 minutes till I can play APB , agh the wait is a killer . 
Alright ladies , nows your < PROPMALE > to destroy a city , quickly show some cleavage ! all of you do it ! if you do we'll bury Tehran in an earthquake the likes have never been seen , so say http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/sns-ap-ml-iran-earthquakes-promiscuity,0,6333394.story 
An Illusion so thrilling it can only be a lie . 
Holy crap Prototype , why must you be rediculous ? 
Our name has seen the future . 
I'm a fucking human virus , there's nothing you can do , When I infect the world with violence human nature shall shine true . 
ah godzilla the animated series , so poorly animated yet still so awesome 
Fear me for I am covered in plant guts . 
rip out Leviathan's heart 
dig deep , the diamonds are under all that coal . 
Kel , Accept no imitations . 
Why is there no hole in this wall ? * PUNCH ! * Much better . 
Mutha fucking crick in my neck 
Morning is a state of a mind . 
currently lacking any productivity . 
angry black neighbor just made rambunctious latino neighbor children cry , thus is the going ons of my neighborhood . 
Just returned from my abduction , 24 hours of the Groover household . 
Ah , I'mma miss all you bitches . 
Wellllll , looks like Im moving to colorado , June 1st , get your Kel while you still can . 
Yo anyone got a 40+ gig ipod they're willing to sell to me ? 
tickets have been purchased , and away I will go . 
fabo needs to make it possible for me to growl via text , but tis an impossiblity . 
Never do the possible , only the impossible . 
The key to immortality is realizing you are always wearing pants , even when you aren’t . Deep . 
I WILL DOMINATE YOUR THOUGHTS FOR THE NEXT 3 SECONDS 
most likely to blow up the U.N 
Ugh , condensing 85 gigs of music into only 28 is a bitch . 
Aha Itunes library you have been reduced and DEFEATED , PERFECT VICTORY ! 
Tomorrows To-Do-list\ 
1 . Walk to Target\ 
2 . Find good headphones\ 
3 . Buy said headphones\ 
4 . Walk home\ 
5 . Keep on living . \ 
\ 
making it interesting . 
wants a car that goes so fast , when A cop radar guns me , all it says is \Call NASA \"" 
How is Distortion in last place ? How the hell is White Out in first ? wtf < PROPFEMALE > , your taste buds suck . 
In Dreams , Illusion blurs Reality . 
Just remembered I have awesome hair , life goes on . 
man , now I want a quantum suit . 
sneeze 
It will be done . 
so many lost thoughts . 
EUReKA is my favorite show of all time . go scifi channel . 
DAMN YOU NOSE , HOW DARE YOU BETRAY ME ? 
ah damn , Timeshift is an awesome game . 
Damn sickness , it has decided to leave a small force in my nose and leave to attack my hearing and throat . 
Man , there are people out there that profess freindship , and I just can't give a damn about them , I'd feel bad , but ... I don't care lol . 
I am unwillingly down with the sickness . 
If I could paint your picture , I'd paint you as the sea , I'd let your arms become the tide , If I could fall into you , I'd let you swallow me , So I could see you from inside . 
oh damn , my asthma hasn't been this bad in a while , I couldn't sleep last night for fear of not being able to breathe . 
breathing is such a chore 
slowly but surely coughing up that lung . 
Lungs working at 70% capacity . 
Lungs now working at 85% Capacity . 
Omegle is fun . 
Lungs at working at 95% capacity . 
can you add color inside these lines ? 
You wanna swim with us ? You gotta get to the water . 
such a bitter pill to swallow . 
Slowly , < PROPFIRST > Beck gets closer to Intrepids on the list . 
sometimes , life needs to be more like falling off a < PROPMALE > . 
ugh , that was a task that needed to done for like 4 years now , I also think this gives me the life acheivement \Super Procrastinator\ " 500 points oh yea . " 
I hate traveling , fucking invent teleportation already . 
your worse then morning breath . 
burn burn for us for them for you . 
Chicken Ramen with half a can of tuna , surprisingly good . 
Transient Guests are We . 
And that's what you get , you get my ax of capitalism , right in your face ! 
Communism is a mistress that you later find out is a mister , and no amound of salt baths will ever wash away the shame . 
I go to sleep , as I will be waking up at 6 , to enjoy as much of tomorrow as possible ! 
Woh , just refound the baseball that broke my nose when I was 9 , awesome . 
this place is starting to look uninhabited . 
Sup , for those unaware I will be leaving the state tomorrow for a minimum period of a year , come get some Kel while you can . 
Ok people , you have at the most an hour left before the keltrain leaves the station . 
OK EVERYBODY , I'm going to miss you , bye ! 
good bye . 
blah 
I`m having issues with facebook so pictures of the new haircut will be late in coming 
I'm ACTION-PACKED ! 
Camaros are fucking sex 
I have discovered true voraciousnous 
Ah damn work yesterday was brutal , of course the day we have only 4 people would be fucking busy as hell . 
was suppose to work 32 hours this week , is going to be working 42 hours this week , but its cool I get 13.50 an hour instead of 9 when I clock overtime . 
Is this a dream or is it real , sometimes the dream becomes reality , but I don't know what to feel , then I will guide you from this haze . 
I think Doctor Who is my favorite series , alongside eurEka . 
I make shit excellent . 
6.99 FOR A VALUE MEAL , 6.99 FOR A VALUE MEAL ! 
Ok si im at work , listening to the radio when i hear a local ad for a private hydroponic garden , so you can grow some vegetables better , and I can't help but laugh for half an hour . 
GOT MY FUCKING COMPUTER ! 
Work in an hour , DOING IT FOR THE CAMARO ! 
finally bought my ass an xbox . 
fuck the past , I am now . 
I now remember where I inherited my crazy . 
oh shi- 
I feel I have fully acclimated to Colorado weather . 
Ahahahahaha , anyone whose been in my computer room knows about the < PROPFEMALE > ass sound system I got right ? 4 little speakers and a 7 inch sub ? I have made the local teens feel threatened with that little sound system , they have responded with a car sound system , I laugh because I can keep going , and they can't , Metal shall reign supreme in this hood . 
Those who call me avatar\ 
Know not what they're looking for\ 
They just feed their flames with miracles\ 
Just so you know\ 
If you bathe within my light\ 
You diminish your own might\ 
The illusionist in everyone 
I realized something today , it was 104 degrees out , yet to me it felt like a cool 80 . I am the next step in viking evolution , desert warfare . 
Someone ... 
How can I be condemned for the things I have done , if my intentions were good ? I guess I'll never know , somethings under the sun can never be understood . 
Strange , I find perfection within your rage . 
Life is a pendulous fall . 
My mind is a mountain you could never summit . 
I have a < PROPFIRST > on me , like a brand on my skin , that only I can see , I don't know what it means , I get caught up in dreams , I feel like running away , so yea lets run away , some times you kinda have to get lost if you ever wanna find your way back to where you came from . 
Welcome to the Stone Age , don't ask me to explain . 
Just realized I had a Bohemian Rhapsody cover and am shitting my self because it doesn't suck , and is done by a metal band . 
Was once again groped in public by a stanger , these colorado women need to keep their hands off my ass , literally . 
I still don't have A Cereal liscense . 
I will initiate my first dream experiment tonight , its a toss up between Cynic's Traced in Air , or Black Light Burns ' Cruel < PROPFEMALE > . 
I hold your hand , close my eyes\ 
And all I love finally dies\ 
Drank the poison most foul with you\ 
But why do you smile ? \ 
Don't smile\ 
Don't you smile\ 
You were supposed to wither away with me , so , Juliet\ 
Please don't smile\ 
I'm paralyzed and you are still alive 
despondent , I watch your worlds fall apart , and I will shed a tear for each of you , but no more can I do , for this is my happiness , and I will prevail were you have failed . 
sit here and I think , what is this I am feeling , how do I explain the void that seeps within , enter my thoughts and tell me what I'm thinking , I don't beleive its me who see this world anymore . 
I think I just had a Jesus/highlander fusion dream . 
They hide their finest bean ! 
Made something awesome . \ 
what with some hamburger beef , a can of mountain dew , beef ramen , a whole lotta cheese and some random spices , I have created Mount Ramen , cheesy beef edition . 
excellent , yep . 
The Illusionist in everyone ! 
Gonna get Just Cause 2 on friday , and since I seem to be getting sat off , and sunday as well , that 52 or so hours of raising hell on a small island nation . sweet . 
So ... Whats your favorite flavor of pineapple ? 
The Skeleton benights us\ 
Broken strings on a harp like\ 
The sirens departing with their beautiful songs 
The Image of an angel , is an angel itself . 
I don't have answers , and no questions spring to mind . I see no reason to move on . 
Silence , something about silence makes me sick . 
tonight , you shall dream of me . 
I am amused . 
Ah man , you gotta love the heat ! 
Be desireless . \ 
Be excellent . \ 
Be gone . 
Where did they go ? 
Buttscratcher ? 
Kel Schmidt ; Noun ; Definition ; Eternally Impressive . 
Throughout the ages , one man has inspired greatness in every culture he passed by . - 16th century british historian on the Eternally Impressive Kel Schmidt . 
I shall have a statue of me erected somewhere in the rockies , measuring 142 feet tall , it shall be on some remote peak , and shall be glorious . 
I plan on enacting my plan of planning to plan a plan about a plan that I shall plan . 
GO LISTEN TO ETHS NOW ! 
I find myself completely dissociated with my situation . 
I have a sad tale to tell , i drove an intrepid the other day , and didn't drive it off a < PROPMALE > . 
how quickly I seem to anger these days . 
Why can't we not be sober ? 
Fucking wants a car ! I hate driving with family . I can't drive good enough . and I fucking curtail all my teenager-in-a-vehicle urges to go fast and take sharp turns when Im with them too . 
Oh to live forever . 
ah , I really miss my epic hair . 
Man , A guy got fired at work today , and I had a wolf's grin on during the whole thing . 
I dwell within myself , for without me there is nothing . 
God damn , fuck you teenagers for your shitty driving making my insurance be a fucking 1/4th of my paycheck . Imma find you god damn statistics and go all Vlad the Impaler on your ass . 
Off to work I go , I have a new guy to break in . 
Animal Encounters today : 1 walked just outside my workplaced , looked at pavement infront of storedoor , saw a couple of dead baby birds . 2 as I vacuumed a dudes car , out of from under the passenger seat pops a grey pit bull puppy , suprising me greatly , as pit bull pups aren't usually underneath the seats of peoples cars . 3 Pulling out a guys airfilter , I saw three dead mice melted on to it . 
Flash of iron , leather , spikes , and swords\ 
Mighty warriors with metal on their side\ 
Enemies of metal , your death is our reward\ 
Triumphant victory when you bring the steel to life 
oh , overtime awaits me in the morning , sweet dollars you sing my name so sweetly . I'mma pull a 43 hour week at the least . 
maaaan this is taking way too long . 
My power over you , grows stronger yet . 
Mountainous Dew Burgers ! 
I feel agressive invasion is the only solution to my anger . Mentally of course , I will fux up your perception of things and all that . 
I ended up working an extra 3 and a half hours , im a mix between angry and ' haha moneys ! \ Eh . " 
two shots and a shotgun , two blasts of all the fun , fall when you can't run , when all is said and done , will you be ash in the sun ? 
step back , sit down , swords ring this kings crown , careful now its edge is sharp , rip apart the wizards harp , let not his voice sing such sorrow , lest it end you on the morrow . 
in this place so sinister , I shall find my dreams , illuminated by the blackest flame , to transcend with dragon wings . 
For how long will you try ? 
Got the most rediculous buzz off of a cigarette today as I was walking to my coworkers house , seriously it was surreal how buzzed i got , I started walking all relaxed and slow like , my ipod seemed to get 10 times louder , and shit just happened man . 
Oh snap , I met someone who lives in Montana , NOBODY LIVES IN MONTANA , WHAT IS THIS BULLSHIT ?!?!??! 
Ok , so I just cut my finger , well more like cut off a chunk of skin about as wide and circular as a pencil , and aboust as deep as like ten sheets of paper , while opening a beer , and hilariously enough it doesnt hurt and im not drunk . 
metal is mindblowing . case . point . 
A eulogy for the living lost . 
reevalutate your worth , find its in the dirt , all your life is work , dont peer beyond the mirk . 
I will < PROPFEMALE > the message , it will follow you home . 
Man , I do love me some Leverage , the band that is , damn good shit son . 
You are the future , little extremophiles . 
Find yourself in a shell , hear the words but they don't spell , the things im trying to tell you , things im trying to get through . 
what the fuck is a Sesame ? 
it turns to rust . 
Blind Guardian is doing a song based off of the Wheel of Time Series , life is good . 
haha , you guys are gonna love this one . So I worked 11 hours today , because we got a crack ton of cars around 530 and we close at 6 normaly , so We had about 5-6 cars left to do at 6 , around 640 another car pulls up . 
Soon the beast will walk\ 
the earth shall defer to him\ 
Fear , only your own . \ 
Haiku time bitches 
I am beyond the Horizon , a place you can hardly see , and where you can never be . 
These fists break bones and heal souls . 
Dear Religion , \ 
the Sword of Peace is still a sword . \ 
Sincerly , \ 
Kel 
Sever that which holds you back , revert to shell its all on track , scream , with rage you now attack . 
Buwhaha finally I have a shirt that can speak for me , \I COULD FUCKING CARE LESS\ " thank you Devildriver . " 
close my eyes , and all I hear is screaming . 
Given an instant , I'd change everything , slightly to the left . 
We rule the fucking land . 
Dont walk away from this , stare longer into the black abyss , your life is shame but mines a fist , your eyes look down , lost in the mist . 
Finally got Mount And Blade : Warband , excuse me , I must go conquer Calradia , again , as is expected . 
day in day out , nothings wrong with a little doubt 
I'll see you all go down and witness your demise , I'll be the last to close , the last to close my eyes , and forgive me nothing for I truely meant it all , what I've said , what I've done . 
your a rock your a rock your a rock . 
With every step taken , a hole in the ground made , forever leaving a < PROPFIRST > . 
gonna go float the colorado , peace bitches . 
I am several kinds of flawless . 
I do not know where this came from , but i will use it for nefarious deeds . 
Reality is in my mind , your life is all in your head , beyond thought you do not exist . 
Joy 
What do the dead see that keeps them in their graves . \ 
I can totally make a song with this sentence . Random thoughts give way to epic writ . 
Damn you Nevermore , stop being so awesome . 
Brutal day , 28 cars , 3100$ in sales . they all showed up at once I swear . 
I enjoy cheese entirely too much . 
If you are my < PROPMALE > , I will be your Cain . If you are the Fire , I will be the Rain . 
My will is Steel , and your flesh is Iron . 
Ah , just a little buzzed , its a good thing . 
There is a motherfucking cricket in my room 
Drove a 2010 Camaro today , had alot of fun . 
mmmm , Hamburger + mass amounts of cheese + ramen = CHEESEBURGER RAMEN PASTA ! 
For now , the beast waits patiently . 
Lol , all it takes is the right motivation . 
Find it in yourself , I fear I have none to spare . 
By now you realize , you have to be relentless to survive . 
I am the Core of Anger . 
Tie your souls together and surrender , prisoners , true lovers , say its in the air , enjoy the ride , you prisoners , true lovers . 
There are 5 dogs on my bed , and they do not get along , but they love me , this has caused several fights already . 
I have no time for you , so if you have something to say , bring it to my grave , and say it to my ghost . 
Pitch Black Progress is prob- no , it is my favorite Scar Symmetry Album . 
Could seriously listen to PBP for days . 
Damn you random insomnia , DAMN YOU ! 
Ah Scar Symmetry , even if you have a new lead singer(s ) in dark matter dimensions , I still enjoy you alot . 
Constantly dreaming , I shall not wake , I shall not hear you cry out , I shall continue dreaming . 
I am greater then the sum of your parts , I am beyond all reasoning , beyond all reckoning , within my hand is a glass marble , inside this marble lies your soul , tempt me not , for it shatters easily . 
If slaughter is justified , then it is acceptable . 
Daily now , I find myself getting angrier and angrier over little things , small slights against my person , random acts of nature , and such . It's rediculous what anticipation can do to a person . 
DAMN YOU MEMORY CARD , DAMN YOU FOR NOT WORKING ! 
All hope that died must rise anew\ 
By facing the passage of time\ 
All that we've known was bound to drown\ 
Before we could wake\ 
Bio-machinery\ 
Mind and machinery\ 
Fear now fuels the system\ 
Bio-machinery 
I am ... 
is quite unsure about his car situation . 
Might be getting a red 89 IROC-Z camaro this week , religious people , pray that it happens or I shall start the murderin . 
Memento Mori 
Contact with Camaro established , Downloading diagnostics . 
Camaro Diagnostics downloaded , aquiring location parameters . 
Camaro Location known , attempting to connect , adjusting timetables . 
Connected with Camaro , Owner unavailable , Retrying . 
Ah , camaro denied , the dude was selling it for 1500 but now hes selling it for 2200 , fuck it , im looking else where . 
new target located . 
Destroyed is my mind by these thoughts of obsession . 
and the search continues . 
the murdering begins anew . 
If need is a fist , and love is a flame , I'm gonna smash it or burn it cus its all the same . 
The Beastmobile project is being placed on hold until it is more feasible , am currently looking at a Hyundai Tiburon , while a nice car , cannot qualify for the Project . 
We are all what ifs , we exist simply because we could have . 
falling into abstract . 
what is left , is left for a reason 
water sucks , it really really sucks . 
Hmm , Here I stand , exposed and contained , wrapped tight in this confinement , free to do anything , yet lacking all comfort . 
I'll regret , and do nothing yet . 
Don't try to understand this apathy , it leads straight from insanity . 
don't beleive me I dare you , but be warned if I am right and you do not beleive me , all that awaits you is pain . 
If you can no longer play god , then turn away from your creations . 
Surrender now , you can't beat death at his ruthless game , make your bow , < PROPFEMALE > your head in shame . 
has found the perfect equalizer setting\ 
if you have a sub at least 
Is now forcing his neighborhood to listen to Ziltoid ... buwhahaha 
Jazz hands ! 
Mother goes into surgery tomorrow , I think I shall sleep , as it is my day off :P 
Children just follow me , children just obey me , dont think , just follow me . 
Punk ass bitches on toribash . 
And out of the mound of snow leapt the beast , frost on his beard , axe in his hand , as your blood melts the snow , he laughs , and searches for more worthy prey . 
Broke a neck with a punch in Aikido on toribash , I feel accomplished . 
YO DAWG , I HEARD YOU LIKE WINGS , SO I WENT TO KFC , AND BOUGHT THESE NBC SITCOM DVDS , AND HIRED < PROPFIRST > MCCARTNEY , AND BOUGHT YOU THIS PLANE TICKET TO NORTH < PROPFEMALE > , AND GOT YOU A RED BULL , SO YOU CAN HAVE WINGS , WHILE YOUR DRINK WINGS , WHILE YOU EAT WINGS , WHILE YOU WATCH WINGS AND HEAR WINGS IN WING ! 
Now , tell me all about your pain , down to the detail . Don't say it's love , your fragile heart feeds my contempt . 
Hmm , possibly getting a 93 firebird , dunno yet , more on the story tommorow . 
IVOL 
the firebird fell through , ah well . 
lemmings .... 
I can sing a song that'll make the sky cry blood . Don't ask why , just live , and die . 
Now , we wait , and see if the Retrovirus is truely dead . 
For those unaware , my computer shit itself , it might get fixed , or I might get a camaro , it all depends on the camaro . 
I GOT A FUCKING CAMARO , HELLZ YEA ! 
computer now in semi workin order , no internet on it yet , but that'll be fixed by tomorrow hopefully 
Computer is back in action , woot . 
Hahahaha , man , I wonder what the people at wendys were thinking as I drifted out of their parking lot . 
Wrathful , in deceit\ 
Painful , my life is replete\ 
Joyful , it ends now . \ 
Haiku time , it ends now :P 
My god damn tire is flat , ran over a nail apparently , driving on my donut till saturday . 
I'd love to see the inside of your mind , and then paint a picture quite divine , Of mental images and thoughts . 
Ah man , really sonic syndicate ? your edging dangerously close to screamo with this new album , dangerously close . 
Kel has learned a new attack , Flaming Intrepid Bomb ! 
Fall down , its only right . 
Bullshit ! 
And he , he is the strangest asshole of them all . 
K 
and it will be orange . 
Time , oh , the essence of insanity . 
outside the box ? Bitch , Im outside the circle . 
Yes I did kill it , from 500 yards , with a rock . 
Rain + rear wheel drive sports car = fun 
Dont you wish you were as epic as me ? 
Well , this is the shortest my hair has been since 7th grade . 
The last kind words ever said where , you will be below angels , and above beasts . 
Oh , lets see this Civ 5 demo , and let us see if it is good enough to pirate . 
I demand of you a sentence , All of you . 
yea , I find Civ 5 to my liking , it shall be pirated . 
Civ 5 is crazy fun , much better then 4 imo , especially war , war is fun . certainly so when you choose japan , Siam has already be vanquished , soon the Ottomans shall follow , and then on to Britain , or Arabia . lol 200 turns in and this , out of 11 other countries , is all I have found to conquer . Massive map is massive . 
Ah , Blind Guardian , At the Edge of Time is such a fucking good album . 
I really try not to kill pre-converts ... bad buisness , people think your trying to threaten them into your own beleif structure ... always best to be coaxing ... and to hide the weapons ... \ 
can't let them find out you kill people , see , were not \extremists\ " . :P " 
Alas , everything is destroyed . 
Thinking about the Air force . 
Mantracker , a show I would enjoy being in , I feel like using rediculous amounts of cunning to completely fool a man into going in circles . 
A Fabricated shape , you see only two dimensions , alas I am the third . 
Shit happens when you party naked . 
I must remind you all that , it is still 10:30 here , stop wishing me happy birthday , you are all premature congratulators . 
Thanks , bitches , I love you all . :P 
Kill it with fire ? 
nonsense , the best kind of sense . 
You have burned this bridge and walked away , do not turn back , as you will find only ashes . 
Ok so I got a on my finger , cus engines are hot , and then about 2 weeks later I got a cut on the burn , and then another week later I got a cut on the cut on the burn , what the fuck cars , stop hurting my pointer , I use it to point ! 
Tis a small town of 40 thousand , 
Enter into my domain\ 
All I offer , lies and pain\ 
Turning decent into swine\ 
Mothers milk into wine\ 
Be the wolf that culls the weak\ 
Monster walks among the sheep\ 
Turn young girls to Jezebels\ 
Seething harlots straight from hell 
Emphatic ! 
< PROPFIRST > , I am not sure if we've reached a new High or a new Low . 
You will read the note I just posted , even if you werent tagged , because you must !. 
No one taught you how to run with the pack\ 
So blaze your own trail down\ 
Catch yourself if you slip\ 
Chances are there'll be no one around 
Hot dirty engine oil , the best cure for a second degree burn ever thought of . 
war is war , all that changes is the enemy . 
Brutal time in the pit today , I swear to my boat , if any of you come to me with your car when I get back , I will treat it like an intrepid , if it is an intrepid , you're not getting it back in less then 30 pieces . 
So , one of the dogs in the house somehow opened my door , walked in , sat on my bed about half a foot from me , and barked angrily , I turn around in surprise , and it bolts in fear , I am confused . 
You'll be underwater , drown the inland mere . 
I have lost everything , from the longest ballad , to the shortest interlude . 
Off to a local concert woo . 
Why go to a metal concert if your not gonna mosh ? 
Hail , Dark bringer of light . 
Men , it is time to grow a beard . 
been about a week , and i've only redownloaded about 32 gigs of music . 
\I crossed the line there didn't I\ " \ 
Bring you down . 
Possibility of Kel being in < PROPFEMALE > during a week of january , reaching 20% 
Soon , You shall know well the color of your blood . 
Its is day 6 of no shave november , I want status updates men , measurements , data tables , how long are your beards ! 
No matter how high your towers there will always be another horizon . 
Omegle , Somehow you have provided me with intelligent conversation , what the fuck ? 
Truth is ... 
Ah , you fucked up , now its my turn . buwhahahahaa . 
This ones going with the ' woe is me , I require your pity , now love me you fool ' route , how do I respsond . 
My Soul is stained black by the oils of diesel egines . 
All i hear is ringing , fucking good concert . 
The pit left some bruises , sweet . 
wants to start a metal band , but no one in Junk town does ... 
one day 
How grows your facefur men ? 
it only took a few months , but I have made an appearance on the local news . 
you have been updated on my status . 
ahahahahahahahah , god damn its nice to take a shower with water instead of oil . 
as snow descends . 
Who wants to separate the world we know from our beleifs ? 
just got home , inventory sucks . 
Made his first ten grand today . 
Once again , Morning is a state of mind . 
The bizarre is the most reasonable . 
You could kill me , and I'd still win . 
Suddenly , 
Energy drink just splashed my eyeball , and it buuuuurns . 
Break reality , eat some tea . 
Its wierd because it defies your definition of normal , 
I am , yet , not . 
Dance to the twilight symphony . 
locked my keys in my car , but through cunning and randomness , have open my vehicle . 
Then , when no one was looking ... 
Don't look me in the eyes if your awake , just a glimps of me will put your life at stake , I'm the horizon , im the serpent of the dead , my gaze will burn your skin and flesh into a crisp , like fire .... like fiiiiiiiiiiiiire . 
\We only use Canadian water ! \"" 
Grow . burn . die 
So why'd you get into comedy , where you funny ? No , I was just good at holding ice-cream cones . 
Nothing from something . 
perfection is static . 
Yes ... 
I don't give a damn about your choir boy sensibilities . 
Doorknocker , why do you hide from me ? I miss to give you pain , visit me ! 
8 hours and thirty acheivements later ... 
MAgicka Demo WOOO ! 
I get 50 bucks out of my next check , woo .. 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hei ! 
Like a Celestial ejaculate , right onto the bosom of heaven 
My bipolar is showing more often these days . 
Did anyone else have a virtual boy(its a game system ) when they were younger ? 
Man your all so down , where all my happy friends at ? not on facebook lol . 
You kids in < PROPFEMALE > got it lucky , hopefully my car starts in the morning lol . 
WHaaaaaaat ? Devildriver has a new album titled Beast ? obviously they got inspiration from me . 
Talons out and teeth sharpened , dont let the fucking world beat you down ! 
Waitin on payday ... 
tread on the ashes of the bridges you've burned 
is tired of waking up cold . 
fucking dead space 2 ... 
Mechanical bull = aaaaah my crotch ! 
This snake had eyes of fire and fangs from another world 
finds the color of blood mesmerising . 
dumb ass dog , your nuts are gone , stop humping the other dog ! 
Reveal , and then immediatly subjugate . 
Athiest Vader does not find your lack of faith disturbing . 
come to terms with your insatiable self . 
I have not talked to you in a while , yea you , the person reading this . 
1 hour and 35 torrents later ... 
You think you know me ? You don't know Schmidt ! 
grabbed a diet soda by accident , this is a bad thing . 
the outerlong boat demands your xbox gamertags . 
Pain is just weakness leaving this body . 
Go to your profile . The first five friends on your sidebar are your team for the impending zombie apocalypse .... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Grace , < PROPFIRST > Kugelman , < PROPFEMALE > Collom , Haylee Booth , < PROPFIRST > Frechette . \ 
well , there is me and < PROPFIRST > at least , we should be able to cover for the ladies lack of zombie survival skills . Huzzah , < PROPFEMALE > of Life . 
Hold this woe ... 
Raise your hands into the air and flail them about , as if there were no repercussions . 
Lets all pass out now ... 
We are the winners , my friends ! lol 
These shades of gray show no definition . 
I lend myself to the night , throw myself to the wind , just fuck it , its worth the risk . 
Status update complete . 
Magicka : Vietnam ? 
I DEMAND SATISFACTION ! 
For Nothing ? 
Plans are made , soon it begins . 
Somehow , Opeth . 
no prey , no pay . 
Coming back to < PROPFEMALE > , for all those unaware , see ya bitches in june/july . 
Yes . 
I don't tell stories ... I Epic Saga ! 
find me a chinese dish with cheese . 
So apparently obama is dead ... 
nihil sine nefas ? 
fucking ... work .... 
