is having some Raspberry Sherbet blended with some fresh Raspberries , It makes a beautiful and wonderful tasting summer snack . 

Thanks to everyone what wished me a happy birthday I had a great one 
Can't wait tell the move I want to be done with work need I say more . 
The Stress right now is had on my kids they are not sleeping well and they are not very happy right now but there is a light at the end of the tunnel and we only get stronger when we stick to are guns and work through the problems in life . 
We are almost ready to move the house is almost packet and we are doing good . 
Is going to have a fun 4th all but < PROPFIRST > has to work on the 4th . 
Work is done for our church activity tonight it is dutch oven chicken and potatos and dessert I am excited . I wish I was cooking it though I love to dutch oven , but I am to tired and pregnant to be packing dutch ovens around and doing that much work but 
Is tired stressed out and missing her husband but we are going well and the family is great it is nice to see the kids and have them play together . I love my family . 
I am going great and am excited for the family reunion this weekend it is going to be a big party and lost of fun I love my family . 
< PROPFIRST > burn on his foot is doing much better he has started to walk in it 
< PROPFIRST>'s B-day party went well and she had way to much fun . She laid on the bed and feel right to sleep no fight or anything . 
The baby will be here on the 9th of September . 
I forgot that I had the wrong day for my doctors appointment it is Wednesday instead of Tuesday I hate when I mix my days up you would think that I could keep it straight I only have a week left come Wednesday and I will have my third baby . 
The count down has start can anyone speed it up !!!! Wednesday at 7:00 am I go in . 
The baby came even earlier so we didn't get a 09/09/09 baby but she is healthy and strong and is here with us now . 
Here is the newest album of the kids . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Baby blessing is on the 24th of October all the famliy is welcome to come if you would like it is in a saturday because that is when < PROPFIRST > can fly in an fly back to school . 
I have been in West < PROPFEMALE > for a week and two days I have started to get my house in order mowed the very big lawns and have been running crazy busy . West < PROPFEMALE > is very pretty and everyone is very friendly . 
I love going to church and feeling the spirit and the love that we can all have for each other . I love west < PROPFEMALE > and I love my new < PROPMALE > that I am attending . I am rubbing shoulders with spiritual giants . i love my Savior Jesus Christ and I am so greatful for all he as given me . 
my children are doing some better < PROPFEMALE > has had a temperature today but all in all she was doing ok . 
On Friday , Facebook will start using your photos in ads that will appear on the profile < PROPFEMALE > of your contacts . It's legal and is mentioned in the fine print when you create your account . TO stop this do the following : Settings , Privacy Settings , Privacy , News Feed and Wall . Then click on Facebook Ads ( tab ) , choose \No one\ " and save changes . Copy this and use in a status update . ***** KEEP PASSING " 
I just ran 1 mile and played at the park with my kids . I had forgotten how hard it is to get back in good condition . I left weights three days a week and run walk every day now I just need to find a babysitter to watch my children so I can swim Monday through Friday . I am sooooooooo out of shape and having bad knees isn't making it easy swimming would definitly help my knees . 
Are we really ready to start another week . 
We are having fun with the ton of snow out side and dad off of school . Hommade hot chocalate pop corn cookies and cuddleing up is so much fun we are camping out . 
We have had a wonderful day of relaxation , food and fudge !! 
So my brothers left me in West < PROPFEMALE > and are at the BYU games as we speak thanks a lot . Go BYU the are doing really good tonight . Wish I could be with my bro . ' s in Las Vegas . 
Had a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! I also enjoyed talking to the families on the webcam and talking to his baby brother on the phone everyone sounded so good . 
To all the moms out there , join the fun and re-post this , How much did your child(ren ) weigh at birth ? < PROPFIRST > 7lbs 11oz , < PROPFIRST > 9 lbs 1 oz , < PROPFEMALE > 7 lbs 8 oz 
I smelled a pickle in line at the bank because I can . 
Wishes my house would magically clean it self and that I could go do something fun but I live in WV so there is not much to do around here or I haven't figured out what there is to do believe me I have looked summer should be fun though lost to to then . 
Well the house is still clean I have finish all the farms I help take care of my kids are doing quitre time , I plan to get some hot chocolate get snuggled in and read persuasion by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > I would like the movie to hint hint mom .!!! :) 
I need three Boards , Three Horseshoes , and Seven Bridles for my stable thanks a ton . 
I just need one more harness please 
Sometimes I'm my own worst enemy I guess that's just the cowboy in me .. But sometimes I still wake up fightin ' mad .. The urge to run , the restlessness , The heart of stone I sometimes get , The things I've done for foolish pride , The me that's never satisfied , The face that's in the mirror when I don't like what I see , I guess that's just the cowboy in me 
To day was a great day , Nativa's Baby shower which was so much fun , Thanks to everyone that made it happen . We love you Nativa !! :) But that wasn't all the next thing we did was the Lewisburg Civl War Reinactment , Carriage Ride , Pictur of kids , and then SAA BBQ , the kids were beat by the time we got ready for bed . 
< PROPFIRST > wants to through a Party and the invitations are as follows both Grandma's , < PROPFEMALE > , Jaden and Uncle < PROPFIRST > ; I am sorry to all the Aunts , Uncles , Grandpa's , and other cousins that were not included she had offically decide that those were the people to come . Yes < PROPFEMALE > the Nice Grandma is invited to be on your guard . :) 
I we are almost done with getting everything where it needs to be . we can use every room in the house . Now I will be moving things for another month tell I am happy with were it is . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes I am going swimming with my kids we will have a fun day . 
Happy fathers day to all the Fathers out there it is a very important job and a very hard one ! 
I have been to Utah and back I got to play with family and friends and i had a blast it was nice to see everyone I love you always You are all the best we had such a great time we Love and miss you all . 
So the kids went to bed at like 7:00 here and didn't get up untill 10:00 am this morning they were very tired for that trip it was very hard on them . 
We have had a great day we got to spent the evening with some of the new students this year we are excited to have new friends 
has had a very busy and long day , but we did have FUN swimming as usually I have water babies , well one extreme Water girl and two semiwater boy and baby the get sick of it alot faster then < PROPFIRST > . I can't believe a have a child that is not comfortable in the Water < PROPFIRST > is so not progress in swimming he will not put his face in the water . ug 
Dance\ 
like no one is watching .... Love like you have never been hurt \ 
before .... Live like each day is your last .... Sing like no one is \ 
listening 
off to girls camp in a few Hours :) 
Girls camp was great I throw some people in the lake we had some great spiritual moments , It was a all around great week . 
I have to talk in church tomorrow someone save me now . On a happier note < PROPFIRST > had a great birthday party today most of our friends were there and we ate and she had some great presents for her friends Thank yo all she felt very special today I love to see that cute little face light up . 
Well I think that talk went well , I am so comfortable in front a teaching a class but I voice quivers when I am giving a talk . Its all good we made it through 
so I Just finished the start of my jogging I got a mile in it felt good until on the last hill back home and my new running shoes have given me some serious blisters , I do now to break in running shoes but back in the day i was actually good a running so I didn't think it would be that hard on me to walk , jog with new shoes on . I guess that will learn me ! 
Another mile down and my feet are hurting more then ever . but is does still feel good to start running again in between the ouches of the blisters . 
My days seem kind of repeative so it you have any fun things to do that I can do with three kids that would be great . 
What is on my mind ? Choice and Accountability is on my mind , I have been thinking ever since I have gotten back from Girls camp how this values is the one value that defined all the rest . I have looked at my life , I am taken back how much choice and accountability has changed my life for good and bad !! I love were I am at , I do miss somethings that I have lost but I have been blessed :) Be Forever Strong ! 
got another good run in today :) 
so some of the funniest things happen today , I just finished my run and did a half cool down lap and stretched will the kids played on a playground the on our why back to the car < PROPFIRST > became the dinosaur < PROPMALE > on her bike and < PROPFIRST > was shooting them . I had to stay right by them and be quite . < PROPFIRST > was using his water bottle as the gun he squeezed and the water shot 5ft I love my kids . 
Utah\ 
girls have fire & ice in our blood . We can ride horses , dirt bikes , \ 
be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a left hook , shoot guns , fish , get dirty and if we\ 
have an opinion , you know your gonna hear it !!!... Re-post if you're a \ 
true Utah Girl ... 
I had a very satisfying day , it started with a little heck up I didn't get my run done in the morning so it through everything else off I ran at 4:00 but the kids and I had a very great day ! 
My day started Rock with < PROPFIRST > not being very happy but then we had a great reset of the day I got the get my run in with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > asleep in the jogger and < PROPFEMALE > just hanging out , then had lunch at the Roncevert park and talk with Nativa :) and then we went to the fair and watched horse , I love Horses always have always will !! 
So we had a great day as a family at the fair , ride heart attacks on a stick and much more :) 
So My husband broke his finger Pictures to come 
I have just walked , jogged 4.2 Km , it felt great I am almost up to three < PROPMALE > , I jogged more then I thought I could and the hill that I go up i didn't think I would make the whole distance pushing my children but I did it . I have done if for three days straight know . HAAA for me :) 
So I officially Ran 2 < PROPMALE > today and walks one , while it was run one walk one run one but I did it so we have one more mile to go I need to be running three < PROPMALE > by December so then I can actually start training for my Triathlon . This getting back is hard but I am going it . 
The Exercise is killing me , not really but < PROPFIRST>'s First full day of school is I was out of sink without my bean around but we did get the run done with 40 lb less weight with her in school it was a little easier . < PROPFEMALE>'s first B-day was Monday that was fun picture to come . 
Silence is < PROPFEMALE > ; Two babies asleep , one at school I don't now what to do with myself . O I could take time to do a lot of things for me around the house :) 
The week is done it has been long busy but good , we ended the night with a run and movie , popcorn , and Hot Chocolate . 
September\ 
is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family members and \ 
friends who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who \ 
continue to conquer/battle it ! Post this if you love someone who has or \ 
had cancer . Many won't copy and paste . I did . Will you ? 
I Love my Family , Sorry to my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Family for our lose today , The Lord has a righteous servent to help him on the other side , I will miss him a lot and I hope to be there I love you All so much thanks dad for the call ! 
So I am in Utah for those who didn't know , My uncle passed it was sudden and I didn't have a lot of time to communicate with everyone so sorry . I am great and my family is doing good , I love my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and the tribute to My Uncle < PROPFIRST > was perfect , I have been working hard moving my sister and helpping my family see all of my west < PROPFEMALE > family on the 21st and Ya for little < PROPFEMALE > to be born tomorrow . 
Enjoyed conference , a swim and having fun and grandma and grandpa bishop's house . Courntey was jumping off the diving board and have a great time with her uncles it gave me a < PROPMALE > to get a good swim in . Grandma and grandpa played with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
I have Pink camo on my toes , PINK can you believe it I well have to post pictures , Nobody faint ! :) 
Just finished , The Thief Series of Books , it was great Loved it . we read it again . 
We are so Glad to be home we got the house in order and have put the kids to bed Family thanks for the fun time . a shout out to my libs and Brothers , always remember you can go to Pirates.com for all your pritatee information !!! :) Love You All . 
Great Day < PROPFIRST>'s school costume parade and then Trick or Treat at the O School . 
So I have been working on my talk for like 3 hours and I have a mental block going on and I have decided to get on facebook for a while , do you think I will get my inspiration from the spirit .. mmmmmm Probably not . Ugh I just want it done I am talking on Knowledge you think it would be an easy topic . 
I just got done bike 8.5 < PROPMALE > I felt great . 
Had the most wonderful evening out with my husband , the Grand Affair at the Greenbrier ; great dinner fun dance and I looked great Thank you Joy for doing my hair and makeup . I had a great great night . 
Yesterday I run 4 < PROPMALE > :) and Deep Cleaned my House Today a good book and some fun with the kids and tonight a twelve mile bike ride . 
I have lost 6 inches around my waist since I have started to workout . Yea for me !! :) I might be ready for my triathlon sooner then I thought . maybe even do better then I thought possible . 
We just found out were we will be the next two years and we got the first place we wanted . Beckley , WV we can stay were we are ( or move with Becky :) ) 
Pompa ( Grandpa ) Feed Cash money and has me kiss him , I love my pompa and i need more pompa and cash money and bonus bishop and go and kiss him with pompa !! and he wants Pompa Bishop to come to :) ; this I what < PROPFIRST > is telling me today . I love that he love his Grandpa so much . he did mention his Grand mas to but he mostly talked about his horses and his Grandpa's . 
My Kitchen is deep Cleaned the table , chairs , cupboards and so forth yea for me my living room is clean and now on to my room and the kids ' rooms then to the bathroom 
\ You know what your \ 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was ... buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with your heart ? 
We had the greatest Vacation time in Williamsburg to all how have never been it was fantastic , the historical site were great and the kids loved Christmastowne . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas To ALL and TO ALL A Good Night . 
This week has been killer on exercise . < PROPMALE > it I just up the my workouts again , when I was younger I would have laughed at the workouts I am doing now ; but the point is I am doing it and I have been doing since September ; I don't know if I will be ready for my Triathlon but here I come anyway . 
So we have sick kids this evening < PROPFIRST > is vomiting , < PROPFEMALE > is will it is coming out the other end , thank goodness that < PROPFIRST > is not sick Yet we will see . 
I have lost 8 Pounds , several more inches , and biked 18 < PROPMALE > today . I can run the 3 < PROPMALE > for my triathlon , now can I do them all together ? I do feel better about my progress than I did a week ago . 
There are moments when the house is absolutely quite and you have a moment to yourself then you realize I can't waste it on the computer of just vegging it is time to clean without interruptions or the mess crew coming through 10 seconds after you have finished 
Cancer patient only has one wish , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour In honor of all the people out there that are fighting cancer 
I just did 20.5 < PROPMALE > in 40 minutes on the bike today am patting myself on the back but it had been a long time since I have felt like I could be this physical again . I is really nice to have some of my sports confidence back . 
15 mile bike and half mile run today in thirty six minutes . I am starting to cut back on the bike < PROPMALE > and add my run in after my bike just to see if I can do the 12 < PROPMALE > and the 3 mile run together . My run was at a 12 minute mile pace so if in a few weeks I can bike 12 and run 3 at the current pace I will be very happy about my triathlon . 
Well here is another post for the same old updates of my workouts you can tell that I don't do much else but workout and clean a house and take care of my kids which is a very big job but I am proud of my improvements daily . I improved my 3 < PROPMALE > by one minute so onward and upward I say I would like to be at 30 minutes in a month for 3 < PROPMALE > that is the goal . 
My mom made me laugh ... Wiped my tears ... Hugged me tight ... Watched me succeed ... Saw me fall ... Cheered me on ... Kept me going strong .... And ... Drove me a little crazy at times ... But moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever !... Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love . 
My Baby Boy just turned Three TODAY We had a great Birthday Party on Saturday thanks to all who came and then we . had fun hanging out on Sunday for his real Birthday . 
I am having one of those day were nothing is going right . I went to donate blood and My Iron was to low that is just one of the things ; but that is okay we will have a great day anyway despite all the thing that have gone wrong today . 
WE'RE EXPECTING AGAIN !!! I know , I know it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here because it's so obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting AGAIN !! Yup it's official . We are expecting snow AGAIN Wednesday !! This was just too funny so I had to re-post it ! 
Super Bowl Party at my House all are welcome . 
Sunshine < PROPFEMALE > butter-mellow turn this ..... fat rat Yellow 
My workout is killing me but I am doing it , I am so tired by the time I get done with that I feel like all I can do is lay on the couch and sleep so I force myself up and I am making dinner . Pork Chops , Potato's , and Corn . It practically cooks itself yeah for me . ;) I am very Tired !! 
Today is a good day ! :) We are making < PROPFIRST > Books and Cards and lots of other fun things with the kids . < PROPFIRST > cleaned the living-room all by himself and vacuumed he wanted to watch Micky Mouse Clubhouse . :) I think Popcorn and snuggle time is in order I love My Family . 
First Basketball game done it was fun . I really like my team I have a good and fun team . 
< PROPFIRST > is sick and running 103degree temp she has been sick for two days I hope that she feels better soon . 
We have practiced letters , played cars , eat lunch and watched some < PROPFIRST > Mouse club house all in all a good day so far , not very many time outs one is asleep I almost had another asleep but then his big sister changed his mind . 
Banana 
Church was very good today I felt the spirit a lot and I have learned a lot which is always good . 
I am very , very , very , tired today and need a break . 
I have had a great week this week . 
I have had the best week , I am so grateful that I can be a mother no matter what I have lost physically from having children , they are the most precious of Gods Creations . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > today have been a complete joy mommy's heart is full . < PROPFIRST > was a school and we missed her but she is home now and I have some fun planned for tonight with the kids since dad had to study for a test all evening 
I love being a mom , nothing big today we have < PROPMALE > out eat lunch then < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are taking a nap < PROPFIRST > and I washed dishes and practiced her letters and writing . She then Asked is she could learn who to write < PROPFIRST > s name and < PROPFEMALE>'s name so we did now we will < PROPFEMALE > out and I will get to cuddle her . Did I say I LOVE Being a mom !! :) 
I just finish Little Britches and I remember why I loved it so much when I was younger and my dad was reading to me . I loved listening to my dad read to us and I love that book ! 
Going to DC tonight and the < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . 
Tired long day but a good day 
We need to boycott the NFL right know when someone is making 10 million dollars and we are in a recession , why do they really need more money if the fans stopped going they wouldn't get their pay checks . 
So My daughter was practicing her < PROPFIRST > and counting and tonight she was saying five with a good old southern accent it was so cute . 
Just finished my first 5k this morning I was near the end of the pack but I finished the race . 
< PROPFIRST > started a fever of 103.0 in the middle of the night last night , we have had a long night I hope it gets better . No dance today she will be sad . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > bishop , this is what she wrote she can type her name 
< PROPFIRST > has improved lots , she is getting better fast from this sickness . It will be nice to have her healthy again . I want to she her eating again and her running around bouncing off a few walls . Poor little sick thing . 
Heading with < PROPFIRST > to DC for a couple of days . The Kids and I will have some fun . 
