=) 

Your mighty power , your mighty strength , bring us hope for tomorrow and strength for today . 
I might have Swine Flu =o 
Spent 3 hours in a freezing bath lowering his temperature x_x 
=S 
Time waits for no one ! 
Family get togethers always end up being political debates x_x 
Yellow Team for the win ! Good work team ! 
* highfive * 
Format in 100 degree temperatures x_x intense , time to shower 
Is Happy =) 
Sometimes I wish emotions could be turned on and off with a switch 
Karaoke o.o -b 
Lab reports are lame ! In college teachers no longer give you a minimum < PROPFEMALE > number for your report because no matter how short you try to make it , it always ends up at around 15 < PROPFEMALE > s . 
must not eat till tonight ! 
Broadsword and Chainwhip is the win ! 
Wonderful Night at the Sanctuary ! Spirit was all over the place tonight , if anyone wants to come next week feel free to ask me for info ! 
studying for a midterm and a final ! 
1 last midterm o.o -b 
Friday Night ! Sanctuary ! o.o -b 
Just realized how much I have to do by the 28th ! 
It is better to be blind and see than to see and be blind 
If you had a tough week and need a lift of the spirit come to the sanctuary this Friday at evening =) Free Coffee , Free Food , Bible Reading , Spoken Word , Worship ! 4698 Alvarado Canyon Rd . San < PROPMALE > CA 92120 If you need a ride feel free to ask ! =) 
This mountain can be moved only by Faith 
Definetly need the Sanctuary tonight 
slept for 10 hours , I feel very rejuvinated =) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Please pray for my father , his health is not doing so well 
bad dreams x_x 
Never good enough in my own eyes , yet perfect in Gods 
I need a haircut x_x 
Finally transfered some pictures over from myspace =O 
Castle in the Sky o.o -b Great animated movie ! 
Had a fun day =) 
Don't forget to wear green ! 
Feels like winter has finally ended 
wants more sleep =) 
2 midterms tomorrow and one more after that ! 
3 down 1 midterm to go ! =O 
all done ! =) Now I must rest 
Praise the Lord for answered prayers and praise the Lord for unanswered ones . I probably shouldn't of had them answered . 
Though the road may be bumpy , and the cost may be high . I'll stay true to path wherever it may lie . I may even falter ..... or may even cry , but still I can trust .... that the Lord will lift me up high . 
nasty cough x_x 
Aha paper done ! 2 papers down 1 more to go 
Homework and Finals ! 2 weeks though and I am free wooo 
my brain is full 
I am done ! Freedom ! 
Free time yay ! Time to begin my 90 days through the bible ! 
Went for a nap and woke up 5 hours later x_x 
Praise to all those who have given their lives for our nation and our freedom and praise to the Lord who made them ! 
Good Workout today , that'll burn off that panda express 
Expo was amazing ! =) 
Tournament ! Please pray for me ! 
Good morning World ! 
Choose your friend or they will choose you ! 
Crossfire !!!! 
Buenos Tardes !! 
Never trust an elf 
Something in my room is beeping like every 10ish minutes , I don't know what is causing it .... not smoke detector .... something else , I must locate it ! 
I Love Sunday school =) it is exhausting yet so rewarding . 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful Mother !!! 
I'm pleased as punch 
Praise to the Lord in times of Triumph and praise to the Lord in times of Sorrow , for he is seated high upon his throne always and shall not be moved . 
Goodnight Everyone ! Had a fun and exciting weekend , now back to school and work >=) 
Trials will either make you better or bitter 
All you girls out there are truly beautiful and don't forget it , so put a smile on your face and be happy ! 
Lot's of fun and adventures today =) I have great friends . 
Thank You Lord for answering our prayer and keeping the rain from landing on Six Flags today ! 
BROTHERWEEK : If you have a brother who has made you laugh , pulled your hair , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fall ( or tripped you ) , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you stronger and loved you . re ~ post this ! :D :D :D 
Ah , a wonderful night's sleep .... now back to work ! 
Yay ! Teacher wasn't at school today , that gives me the free time I need to get caught up x_x 
Horrible dream last night x_x my mind knows all my weaknesses and freely exploits them .... the traitor 
Clocks go back an hour tonight ! Yay =) 
Thank You Lord for our daily bread ! Our Friends ! Our lives ! Our Family ! Our Joy ! The Love of you in Our lives ! And your will in each of our lives ! 
Light the way Lord 
I find it ironic that the Photo I like the most is also the one I hate the most x_x 
Be a tree that is known by it's fruits as an apple tree is known by the apples it grows . Grow plenty of fruit for people . 
Finals and sickness don't go well together 
though a righteous man falls seven times , he rises again 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody ! 
Pray for my Father pls , for he does not do well . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! =) 
