is currently sleeping ... What a shame he left his Facebook logged in for other people to mess with .. ;) 

is < PROPFEMALE > booth . 
is pondering how the inventor came up with the name \Snorkel \"?" 
said maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me . 
Soundwave superior , Constructicons inferior . 
is enjoying \Weeds \"." 
spent money , ow . 
got a couch he found outside and hasn't started scratching yet . 
is restless . 
If I had a screwdriver ... 
is looking for love in all the wrong places , like in a soup can or on a telephone pole . 
is wanting to go to the gym , but thinks his body might have issues . 
thinks he might be playing Tetris a bit too much ... 
It's exactly a new day ! 
needs to start getting up earlier . 
is severely unmotivated . 
is back in Powhattan , though not currently . 
nearly locked himself out of his car , shattered a plate his grandfather made , and drank humming-bird food . 
is annoyed at the moment . 
Has power for now ! 
insert amusing status-update here . 
has a free microwave if anyone wants one . 
has done nothing today , but starting to feel better . 
hasn't update his status in a while , well .... there ya ' go . 
is now playing the waiting game .... 
......................... 
gets tired very easily lately . 
should get to the gym , motivation go ! 
Just got an e-mail from Capt . < PROPFIRST > Rape ' , or as Gmail put it , \Rape Captain < PROPFIRST >\"." 
is suddenly pondering the future . 
is thinking about taking up weekend smoking . 
would love a nice log-fire about now . 
\How will you celebrate a successful final rehearsal Mr. Croson ? Why by studying all night for a history mid-term random question-er ! \"" 
feels like a silly little boy . Ah well , enjoying it while I can . 
is feeling very annoyed and very stupid , largely with himself . 
is working the first show of the day . 
is aspiring to be a levitating couch . 
has probably drunk too much coffee , and is going back for more . 
If you're reading this , why are we still awake ? 
is amazed at what 10 hours of sleep and a good cuppa coffee can do . 
hopes someday he'll be paid for this . 
has been to Borjo's at least 68 times . 
is um .... well , uh .... hrm .... yeah ... 
is so smart his head would explode if he began to know what he was talking about . 
Youth and stupidity are limited-time offers . I'll try to enjoy them while they last . 
is \The Nice Guy \"." 
is trying out some new Ska . 
annoyed at the way things appear to be . 
feeling like a small , frightened mammal . 
has been around the world in 80 days , and arrived back home . 
, weird but not creepy , so I've been told . 
is biting his thumb at Mr. Shakespeare . 
trying to wrap my head around fashion . 
can run fast as hell , average pace tonight 6.66 mph . 
Well , this feels weird . 
Well , this feels weirder . 
feels the urge to take up a self-destructive hobby , like smoking , drinking , or bungee-jumping with a length of chain . 
biting his thumb , again , at a Shakespeare paper . 
thinks it's hot as bloody spheres today . 
, this hand of mine is burning red . It's loud roar tells me to grasp victory ... 
Now with more legality . 
Tired , de-hydrated , but feeling very content . 
is a plant . 
Feed me ........ feed me ......... 
vs . The World ( or a subsequent part thereof ) 
is dragged along by Reality , clawing against it at every turn . 
Just got a triple-fortune cookie . 
Is not watching the Oscars ( insert mad/diabolical laughter here) ! 
12:14 am , really ? 
