When can I go back to State College ? 

Is it true that gingers have no souls ? 
needs something to do . 
If anybody needs a place to stay in State College(or knows someone who does ) , my apartment still has an opening for the fall semester . $320 a month , utilities included . 
Anybody feel like going for breakfast/coffee/lunch tomorrow ? Especially people who I haven't spoken to in a while ( it's come to my attention that I have facebook friends that I haven't seen in person since high school ) . 
work at * six AM * tomorrow . 
Family vacation to Rickett's < PROPFIRST > . If there are a few of you who feel like coming up and hiking the falls trail this week , that would be awesome . 
If I had a million dollars ... 
Is anyone interested in that two-day backpacking trip I was talking about over spring break ? If I can find a few people , I'd like to go in early August before I have to go back to State College . 
believes that Obama is a native-born American . 
Anybody know what's going on with Penn State Webmail ? The last time I checked my email , I was using like 8% of my quota , but now I'm using 100% . Did they decrease the quota recently ? 
Going deep sea fishing this weekend . Hopefully I'll have some nice tuna steaks when I come back on Sunday . 
Work at 6 AM tomorrow , then it's back to State College and 9 AM classes . 
is in State College . Nobody around ... 
watching Man vs . Wild 
Judging by the lip-shaped scar on my micro prof's right hand , it's probably safe to assume he's punching some guy in the face right now . 
watching Leno . 
even with live musicians , hip-hop is terrible . 
Bought a coffee press today . Makes a nice cup of coffee . Reminds me of cowboy coffee , but without having to drink the grinds . 
wants to work 9-5 and have evenings with no obligations ... tired of studying . 
On my way back from class just now , I was listening to The Pietasters ( an excellent ska band , if you appreciate that kind of thing ) and drinking coffee . At some point , during a trumpet solo , I realized that my coffee tasted just like the trumpet sounded . Maybe I have caffeine-induced synesthesia ? 
Hey , how ' bout let's don't lose to Iowa * again . * 
Another interception ?!? 
SNL is back tonight . 
Hey you guyyyys ! 
is making pierogi . 
Watching cartoons on fox . 
It's really < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thinking about visiting Myerstown this weekend . Anybody else planning on being there ? 
is home . Working tomorrow at 6 am . 
is back in State College . 
Winter storm watch in effect tomorrow . 
I just found out that two of my 4 final exams will be at 8 am . Not good news , to say the least . 
Maybe I can file an exam conflict because my exam time conflicts with my sleep schedule ? 
Did you know that humans and our livestock and pets represent 98% of terrestrial vertebrate biomass ? And that 10,000 years ago , we represented less than 1% ? I find that amazing . 
Thinks that the country's fear of \socialism\ " is hampering progress in health care reform . " 
Toothpaste + residual garlic from pizza = bad taste in mouth . 
is out of coffee . 
It's about time for break to start , I think . 
\Members of the House are reminded not to use guests as props . \"" 
Lol . South Park's doing a < PROPFIRST > Beck Episode ! 
Watching the last home football game on TV ... then writing a paper , studying Biochem , playing at a volleyball game , etc . busy weekend . 
This weekend was great . But this week's gonna be * so * long ... break can't come soon enough . 
Well , looks like I'm skipping my 9 am class ... think I'll use the time to make some pancakes . And coffee . 
Should've started this paper weeks ago . 4 pages to go , little less than three hours left to finish them . 
is back in Myerstown . 
wants to march and play \Jazzy Old Saint Nicholas . \"" 
I wish there were an efficient way to read a book , type notes from that book , and drink coffee at the same time ... 
Cleaning the house . Going to donate some old clothing and stuff to Goodwill , then off to play trumpet at a basketball game , then home tomorrow . Hopefully the roads won't be too bad ... 
Hitting the trail tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gardner . Back Friday for work , then headed back to State College Saturday . 
One part of a classic philosophy question : You're standing on a bridge over a train track next to an extremely large man . You notice a train coming in the distance , but realize that the 5 men working on the track haven't noticed it . Do you push the large man , stopping the train , but killing him , or do nothing and allow the 5 men on the track to die ? Why ? 
hmm ... The light in my room works , but none of the outlets seem to have any power . None of the breakers have tripped , either . Looks like I'm going to be hanging out downstairs for a while ... 
My \What's hot in Google\ " RSS feed is full of farcical news articles today . " 
\A man is about as happy as he makes his mind up to be . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
made some cold brewed iced coffee . * Way * better than leftover hot coffee with ice . 
' s computer is out of commission . Probably going to have to be replaced . 
is back in Myerstown and using his sister's computer . New one arrives tomorrow . 
Caught my first trout of the season tonight . Haven't decided how it's going to be cooked yet . 
Sweet ! I just won exactly one million US dollars in the Australian lottery ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! 
is in Myerstown for the week . 
