It seems that the 1st iteration of Tsumibito's costuming , being essentially the ascetic robe , causes those viewing me to see Jesus ... Not quite what I was going for , though quite amusing . I doubt the small additions I plan to make will truly change this perception . 

Ninja just stole my horse 
I am having a bad day today . Friday i should have gone to a audition for Ren Faire , but due to work being rather testy about the idea of me taking the weekends off , I never sent the e-mail . Turns out it meant more to me than I'd realized , and left me emotionally drained . 
Woo Birthday ! < PROPMALE > out w/ family and helped a friend move , woo wild birthday :) But rewarding enough 
Had a great weekend at faire , lots of random fun stuff happened that I would comment on , but I seem to have lost the mood . It seems my WoW acct was hacked whilst I was gone , and with the account merges onto battle.net I have no easy way of retrieval . Plan to call their tech support tomorrow , but it will like be a lengthy process 
I seem to need an enemy option for facebook . Twould be unseemly to friend a Draco , though this book of faces does seem to urge me to do so . 
Updated my personal spreadsheet for those that liked the subtotals last time :) https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AuvYCM-H0iJydDI0OGhFaXVOYjBGR3JZb2JrUXZVRUE&hl=en#gid=0\ 
If there is anything else people want added , just let me know 
Must ... eat ... batter ... Raw eggs ... will not ... stop me ... 
Reading through a webcomic I enjoy and ran into this comment : “Parley” is the French word for “everyone else is flat-footed and bare-handed” . 
This weekend went well . Warm , but better than anticipated despite two days of forgetting to turn in points 
For those that care : finished copying over the points from the official point spread for RenQuest but am getting some conflicting totals so delaying posting until I can find the error 
Woo , the points started in agreement this week :) \ 
\ 
https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AuvYCM-H0iJydDI0OGhFaXVOYjBGR3JZb2JrUXZVRUE&hl=en\ 
Well Done Lunar Tribe , hold strong Sun , rally this next weekend , this is still a close fight 
Really ? Rogue eh ... not what I expected but what can you expect from a facebook quiz ? 
hides . He is sick enough , he doesn't need the plague as well . 
is hidden , and cannot be found by mortal means 
No Facebook , the dracos are still not my friends , though many of them resemble quite closely people who I would indeed call friend :) I admire your persistance however 
on the topic of cats ( not that people know I am on the topic of cats ) I went into the front room a second ago to find < PROPFEMALE > ( my roommate , and Lunar Tribe member ) Sorting a basket of craft materials , primarily yarn . 
Arl Howe is < PROPMALE > Curry ? I knew he sounded slimy for a reason ! 
Random Browsing , made me smile 
Random article reminded me that there is new Slayers stuff out over a decade later ... I mean i'll take it but ... the theme music is making me a bit nostalgic . Friends of mine that this allies to : we need an anime night to rewatch some of the old series , or at least enough episodes that we feel like we saw it all again . Must not lock us into another incident like the megaman cartoons > < 
So i rather skipped black Friday , though I seem to have misplaced my scarf I loved so much and was forced to go to the mall on Saturday . Now I have new bowls , plates , a sweater ( we'll get back to this ) and a scarf . What happened ? When did i become suseptable to deals and shopping in general ? I blame all of the females on my friends list , and maybe a few of the males . 
Apparently rather than going to visit friends today , i decided to hibernate ... Sorry < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > > < 
WIN 
For those of you playing the RIFTS beta , server is Sunrest if you want to find me , character Diannas mainly , though < PROPFIRST > has a few characters floating as well 
Beat Castlevania on Paladin , apparently now having an eleventy party 
Well , for Rift the plan was Wolfsbane , but the massively full servers are making me 2nd guess atm , |I'll fill everyone I can in if there is a change 
So , had the RenFaire audition today , felt horribly underprepared , but was told I did well . ( considering the lack of prior experience , just about as much as I could expect ) How I have discovered worse than the wait for the audition and the legions of butterflies that had to be slain int hat journey is the wait to find out about parts . I do hope I get the part :D \ 
In unrelated news , Rift is entertaining so far :) 
I feel ragnorok is coming , I now have a phone . I'll text or call people once I get home . Who wants a call ? 
So , I just got a little giggle . Disregarding the Head Start , my character has 25 hours or so played on a game that has been out for less than 24 
Your passenger is being processed at < PROPFIRST > and is being loaded for departure 
Arrived safely in San < PROPFEMALE > , or at least physically safe . The mental insanity is soothing though on a level 
Feeling a bit disappointed tonight . I think I am making the correct choice , but It may take me a bit to agree with myself 
It didn't happen unless it's on facebook ... Just got in an accident . Someone dropped matresses in the road and Neo couldn't avoid both though he made a valiant attempt . Everyone seems to be ok though just a bit shook up . Will update soon 
California is fun so far but ... just not feeling as relaxed an happy as I usually do on vacation . I should be happy right ? 
So , someone I know referred to Glee as High School Musical : The TV series . You know ... I can't really argue with them ... the drama in this show is very heavily heaped . 
Ok , since looking back my posts have mostly been on the sad end of my personal spectrum , it's time for a brighter note . Today was our semi-scheduled trip to Napa Valley . After a bit of wandering about , we went to Castillo di Amorosa , which in many ways picked my spirit up and has left me in a better mood . 
