Life is full of hope . 

want some people to added me ! 
sister is moving out tomorrow 
my sister is offically moved out 
probaly going to twirling today =D 
eating spiderman shaped < PROPMALE > and cheese ! =P 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY ! 
Happy 4th of July !! Fireworks at 10 ! yippie ! 
doing stuff . twirling . doing stuff after 
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back , you can't sink in quicksand who knew ? 
Serving ice cream on < PROPFEMALE > pie was once illegal in Kansas who knew ?? 
< PROPMALE > potter at 7:30 .. i am exicted !!! =D 
Busy tomorrow . Hair cut . water park . < PROPFIRST > s show . cant wait to see < PROPFIRST > ! 
loved < PROPFIRST>'s show =D you did great ! too bad i didnt see you after the second show =( but i am glad i saw you ! 
LOVES twirling ..................... 
omgg just became a fan of MIT ... my dream school =D 
r u ready to sit in the car for 4 hrs !? I know I am ! 
camp sunday-friday . grandmas friday-thursday 
gone for 2 weeks tomorrow 
offically home :) 
hanging with people today ! yippie ! 
phone broke :( 
my phone works !! what a miracle ! 
(: 6 days 
I scream ....... ICE CREAM ! 
good morning .. off to go play tennis :) 
bored :) anyone what to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
went swimming :) might have friends come over wednesday :) 
3 days :) 
off to the doctor for shots ! oh what fun ! 
cheer . movies . friends . 
August 20th , 1996 . 
The more you like yourself , the less you are like anyone else , which makes you unique 
Life's a climb ... but the view is great 
cedar point tomorrow ! 
Anyone going to the game friday ? 
Watching Wolverine and the X-men . 
NCIS ...... best show ever ! 
Does anyone know this number ? 7342771866 
Anyone going to the game tonight ? 
A rib a day keeps the vegans away ! 
Stowe , Brigman , Green , and Dicks . 
On the second best team in the 8th grade ! 
Homebase : Green , 1st-4th : Dicks/Green/Stowe/Brigman 5th hour : Gym-Barrett 6th-Tornquist 
Cheer was fun ! :D too bad I was hit too many times . 
eating fruit . :D 
Ready for the game ! Got a cheer bow in my hair and a < PROPMALE > shirt on ! 
Anyone want to play uno ? 
It is the possibility that keeps me going and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing , I believe that anything is possible . 
gO BRONCOS ! 
GO BRONCOS ! 
In west philadelfia born and raised On the playground where I spent most of my days Chilling out , maxing , relaxing all cool And all shooting some b-ball outside of the school When a couple of guys said were up in no good Started making trouble in my neighborhood I got in one little fight and my mom got scared And said youre moving with your aunte and uncle in bel-air 
hmmmm ... I am thinking about going to tis school thing everyone is talking about . 
homework :( 
whistled for a cab & when it came near the license plate was fresher den da dice in the mirror ! if anything i would say that this cab was rare but i thought man forget it yo homes to bel-air . 
homework for brigman . text me :D 
go michigan ! 
Dory : I think he said he was a root beer float or go to the back of the throat ! 
Ballet was interesting ! I re-pulled my hamstring ! 
have dance from 11:30 - 1:30 . :D 
alegbra homework is offically apart of my life . 
Anyone pumped for the new NCIS !? 
cinderelly , cinderelly !! 
more ballet . 
Football Game Today . Torture Tecumseh . 
cold . sick . 104 push ups at the game . 
Little Mermaid :P 
dance :) 
Ther-a-band exercises are so much fun ! 
Legally Blonde : the musical was good ! :D 
Going to paint run-through sign for tuesday game ! :D 
Why is whenever someone says idoit i turn and look ? 
Ready to see the pharaoh tomorrow !? :) 
Vampire Dairies jocked Twilight . 
got the braces off . 
as darkness comes along , the < PROPFEMALE > comes out , and the stars begin to shine . My eyes begin to drift and it is time for me to sleep . 
meeting new people is breath taking . 
i am going to bed 
Kush , the best word ever , Kush . 
is kush 
is happy . 
aren't b sessions so much fun !? 
Going to see New < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
new < PROPFEMALE > <3 
I got blue socks today ! 
Doesn't the WhatDrivesEdward volvo commerical make you laugh ? 
I dislike when people mean \what\ " they put \ " wat \"." 
why is it 8th grader are so .... amazing !? 
says \Ouch . \ " even though you werent even hit . " 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
fact : Wii is addicting . ( they may need to start a Wii anonymous ) 
text me :D though I might be playing the wii . 
Doesnt wearing fuzzy socks make you feel alot warmer ? 
ballet . text me . 
random fact : my pointe shoes are squishy . 
Today , I fainted and woke up in a hospital . My mom drove me to the emergency room . The doctor said I had a panic attack . What did I have a panic attack from ? Bidding on ebay . FML 
anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out over break ? 
good morning world and everything wonderful about it . 
wonders why we don't have snow ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s tomorrow . ;) 
< PROPFIRST>'s with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
how can < PROPFEMALE > travel the world and her parents not care ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Happy Holidays ! 
Don't you love it during the beginning of a scary movie you are always freaking out but when they are killing everyone you can't stop watching ? 
Fact : I am wearing my PJ's inside out tonight . 
\your mom is so stupid she goes to Gucci and trys to buy ... Prada ! \"- White Chicks " 
Why do teachers make everything seem harder then they make it easy ? 
Did you here ? At < PROPFIRST > Swayze's funeral , Kanye West grabbed the mic and said : \ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > had one of the best funerals of all time ! \"" 
Don't you wish school was like it was back in pre-school , crafts , snacks and naps ? 
You were an alien which planet would you hail from ? 
Letters in World War Two sent to men in the war that their woman was getting married to another man or breaking up for someone esle at home was called a Dear < PROPFIRST > , letter . 
I'm < PROPMALE > from where you are , I lay down on the cold ground I , I pray that something picks me up And sets me down in your warm arms 
Love is more than three words mumbled before bedtime . Love is sustained by action , a pattern of devotion in the things we do for each other every day . < PROPMALE > Sparks 
plans to see USA hockey win the gold tomorrow . 
Mexico brought four competitors to the games . Good luck getting them to go home after the games . 
school :) 
do you want to see my secret freckle ?? 
( ? ??? o ?? ???? ? sn ? ' ? q ? q ?? o ?? ???? 
I just found out that my last name is < PROPFEMALE > haha , I really am < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wonders why when watching MTV music videos some are in spanish ..? 
I don't mind spending everyday Out on your corner in the pouring rain Look for the girl with the broken smile Ask her if she wants to stay awhile And she will be loved She will be loved 
Pshh , the glitter from forever 21 still hasnt come off . ;) 
Dont you feel stupid when you watch a movie because you thought it was going to be good but it was a waste of time to watch ? 
When you see a mosquito do you end up slapping yourself randomly because you thought you felt the mosquito even though it wasnt really there ? 
Dont you feel dangerous when you cross the street without looking ? 
Is it sad when my goal is to join 200 fan pages ? 
Don't you feel super smart when you know the answer to a jeopardy question ? 
Dont you love the day when you can go outside without a coat ? 
Don't you love when its 32 in the morning then 64 then 32 again all in one day ? 
When is it ever a good time to have homework ? 
Don't you love the fact that it is almost the day we leave for D.C. ? 
Don't you love the fact we have to be at the school at 4 am ? 
Don't you love to look at photos and think when did they take that one !? 
Don't you love when your computer freezes you just start hitting random buttons ? 
Don\t you love when you have the fan in your room on but your too lazy to turn it off so you use a blanket ? " 
Don't you love that you use to pick weeds because you thought they were pretty flower but now its yard work ? 
Don't you love how it can be < PROPFEMALE > out and still need to wear a jacket ? 
Don't you love when it rains how all the worms come out ? 
Don't you love when your neighbors give you a weird look when you are outside doing something ? 
Don't you love when you get soap in your eyes and you try to get the soap out but put more soap in your eye ? 
Don't you love when you find a movie on the television guide and you wait all day to watch that movie ? 
Don't you love when you go outside and then you notice how pale you really are ? 
Don't you love when you realize you truly love all your friends ? 
< PROPFEMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > & elanaaaaaa (: 
< PROPFEMALE > next i time don't leave your facebook up in technology (: \ 
\ 
loveeeeee , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > ! (: 
Don't you love when you have a sunburn and it hurts but you keep touching it ? 
Don't you love that the farewell dance is almost here and I have a dress ? 
Don't you love when you can come home from school and just sleep ? 
I eat worms everyday 
Dint you love when you have been to 3 states in one day ? Arkanas , Tennessee , and Mississippi . 
Don't you love when you can sleep in on a Monday ? 
Don't you love when you can sleep in til noon and < PROPFEMALE > out all day ? 
AIRPLANES ! :) 
Finally back in the Eastern Time Zone ! :) 
So did anyone feel that earthquake ? 
Remember when drawing on the sidewalks with chalk was fun ..? Yeahh , I still do that . :) 
So my dear Chives has died ..... soon to be getting a new phone soon . 
How is it that I'm in Walled Lake but don't see any Walled Lake ? 
Why I'm I up this early ? For ......... band . 
One pair of capezio pointe shoes sewed one more to go . 
Apparently July 3rd means shoot off fireworks for hours unkown . 
Who knew that in daylight people shoot off fireworks . 
Apparenly fireworks look better at night :) 
Why is it you always wake up when you smell food ? 
I learned a trick to make mosquitios blow up ! :) 
Who knew the < PROPMALE > of banging on stuff could be so awesome . :) 
I feel so smart , I have answered majority of the questions on Jeopardy and they are right ! 
Don't you love that it's my last day here and I haven't finished packing ? 
Don't you just love when you are so sore it hurts to walk ? 
Woot woot today was a sleep in day I got to wake up at 7:45 ! 
isn't great that on my break from class I am sitting with my legs up so my feet dont swell ? Should've went YMCA camp . hahaha ;) 
I have offically missed two episodes of Pretty Little Liars what has ballet camp done to me !? 
Can't wait to perform and go home tomorrow ! 
is finally home from CCA ( ballet camp ) . Performance was a very good one at that . 
Don't you love when you have to clean your room to go to someone esles house ? 
Rolling hills was a blast with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
Yesterday don't matter if it's gone . \ 
- - -Rolling Stones , \Ruby Tuesday \"" 
Isn't sad when your skin gets a shade darker it goes from white to pale ? 
You know your a great cook when you almost burn pizza rolls . :) 
Over the river and through the woods off to band camp we go . :) 
My plans of doing nothing all day have failed ; going shopping . 
Don't you love hanging with friends getting frosting and chalk all over you ? 
Plans of doing nothing all day have yet failed again . 
I am truly skilled at napping , text me . :) 
I love when everyone compares their tan to me , so they feel better about it . :) 
is slowly going to die of boredom . 
Is it strange that when I think Friday the 13th , I think Anti-Wanda and Anti-Cosmo ? 
Dislike the fact that everytime I listen to the radio Bad Romance is always on . 
Don't you love when you end up smacking yourself in the face because of a mosquito ? 
Mission Failed , < PROPFEMALE > Agdorny . 
loves not being 13 anymore ! :) Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
Come home go to sleep , wake up at 4 , and I am still tired . 
Today I walked around Ypsi , got hit with a balloon , talked to a random stranger , backhanded someone , and hugged this dude . 
< PROPFIRST > McFly : Doc , we better back up . We don't have enough road to get up to 88 . \ 
Dr. < PROPMALE > Brown : Roads ? Where we're going , we don't need roads . 
bored , text me ? 
Waking up at 6:50 to move my sister out , act like an airplane , a train , and a pig , plus getting McDonalds was worth it . (: 
Is < PROPFIRST > Bieber hot or ugly ? Oh , the converstations I have with an 8 year old . 
Isn't Krabby < PROPFEMALE > a fancy name for a hamburger ? 
So , offically I have all the frosting and silly string out of my hair , thanks to my wonderful friends . (: 
This be my classes . (: 1st hour : U.S. History-Calhoun , 2nd hour : Chemistry-Makarewich , 3rd hour : Spanish-Mata , 4th hour : Geometry-Holden , 5th hour : Varsity Band-Schwegler , and 6th hour : English-Lopez . 
So how old is Spongebob really ? 
Going to the futbol game with < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Can anyone explain to me why school has to start ? 
I miss the days of The Suite Life of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , not on deck . 
hanging with < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Is it sad that I don't know where half of my classes are at ? 
Why are people asking me for Algebra help when I barely remember it myself ? 
So why does my day keep getting worse and worse ? 
My mood just keeps going down hill . 
Auditions today , Hope everyone does a great job . (: 
Don't love when you have just an amazing day , filled with magical wonders ? 
Don't you love those moments when you break out into random song ? 
Don't you love when you can go home after school and do nothing ? 
Don't you love when you get to see that amazing person you miss ? 
Don't you love those days where you dont spill acid on your lab partner or yourself ? 
Tell me why I agreed to go to this dance called Homecoming ? 
Was blown away tonight by an amazing guy who asked me to homecoming . :) 
Going to the dance beat staying at home , had an amazing time with my wonderful date < PROPMALE > Finley :) 
Tienes < PROPFEMALE > novia ? :) 
Don't you love those days where you feel so smexy ? 
Dont you love when there is a spider on the computer screen and you try to kill with the mouse ? 
Anyone remember watching < PROPMALE > Phantom ? 
Not a happy camper , next few days are going to be rough . :/ 
Happy Hump Day ! :) 
I'll go with the flow and do the like my status and I will tell you a truth . 
Listening to < PROPMALE > Cook just makes my night . :) 
Goldfish in a waterbottle .. mind blown . That made my day . (: 
Did I invitie you to my BQQ ? Then why you all up in my grill ? :) 
Aside from my elbow beating beat up by a band locker , vomiting , needing to vomit at school , taking a geometry test , chemistry quiz , and stressing out I found 20 dollars in my pocket today . :) 
Woot woot ! (: NO vomiting today ! < PROPMALE > out with my boo thing all day . 
I have guts all over my hands !? ...... Pumpkin guts ! :) 
Do zombies eat popcorn with their fingers ? No . They eat the fingers separately . ( : Happy Halloween . 
Dont you love when you're in the best moodfor days ? 
While falling two times in class tonight was appluaded and laughed at along with me laughing at myself . :) 
So anyone want to do my geometry homework for me ? I know you want too . (: 
So I am sitting here watching Jurassic Park 3 thinking why did they make 3 movies of just screaming and running away from some dinosaurs , didnt they learn from the first one ? 
< PROPMALE > and cheese at 9 am ? I say yes . 
Back to the Future seriously the best and most quotable movie ever . :) 
Only if I liked lemon flavored starburst . 
Text deleted . Flowers in the garbage . Offically done . 
Shall it be a good hump day !? I believe so . (: 
So lets all just stop and take a chill pill . :) 
Waiting to write a whole lab at 9:12 at night for tomorrow not the brightest idea . 
6 slices of pizza , 2 pieces of cake , cheese bread , jolly rancher , a brownie , and a Burger < PROPMALE > meal later and I am still hungry . (: 
When will this never ending sickness go away from the beginning of October !? 
Me , food , and a oven equals a fail . 
According to my best friend my name is < PROPFIRST > .... :) 
Me being who I am , I woke up 6 this morning and started to get ready for school . 
Why do we fight to perfect and normal in this unperfect and abnormal world ? 
Sitting watching Go < PROPMALE > Go . I think three yr olds know more spanish than I do . 
Lord Voldemort's nostrils/nose just turns me on . (: 
Every guy should be like < PROPFIRST > from Teen Mom . Yes , because he totally got a girl pregnant at 16 . He is a real winner . (: 
A glass bottle , can opener , and me . Not the greatest combination . (: 
When I have a kid I am going to buy it all the new toys . Cause secretly deep down I know I will want to play with them too . (: 
I freak out about a mouse in my house and my first reaction is hurry got to facebook about this . XD 
I wish my < PROPMALE > charming was like The Beast from Beauty and the Beast . So inanimate objects with come to life and sing to me . (: Or Aladdin he is cool too . 
Out of boredom and curiosity of who will like this . I must admit .... 
It looks like Christmas exploded inside my house . (: 
What does the average Ohio State University student get on his SAT ? Drool :) 
hmmmm , Cranbrook or no cranbrook next year ? Thats the question . 
I don't think he had his breakfast this morning . Best quote of the day . (: 
A series of unforunate events . :/ 
Hey you ! The lucky person reading this pointless status . You just about wasted 2 seconds of your time , but I accomplished my goal . Your reading my status . (: 
So I know you wanna go to the Nutcracker tomorrow . :) 
Pretty pumped for tomorrow . So surprise me and show up tomorrow for the show , The 2010 Nutcracker by the Ypsilanti Area Dancers ! (: 
My dog is chillin ' at the Human Society tonight . :/ 
The misfortune of having slide grease in your back pack is almost mistaking it for chapstick . :/ 
Watching Polar Express . Listening to Hot Chocolate reminding me of marching band . :) 
Highlight of my day consist of me falling flat on my butt in the main hall . (: 
Big Chill Game with < PROPFEMALE > Graessley ? I say yes . (: 
I really want some head-on so I can place it directly on my forehead . 
Giants vs . Minnesota game tonight ? I say yes . 
Looking forward to this wonderful , marvelous , fantatsic day at school . (: 
SUPER pumped for this band concert ! (: In T-minus 2 hours . 
The < PROPMALE > of gift wrapping must have skipped a generation in my family . 
Even if it looks like there is no ice , I still advise you not to run . (: 
Don't you love going last minute Christmas shopping with your sister , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Carpenter ? 
I love getting weird loves from old lady's at the mall when I talk about < PROPFEMALE > , candles , and church all in one sentence . (: 
Gingerbread house competition . My house . Be there or be square . (: 
Typing this status via my iPad . :) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Boredom drawed me to do this . :) \ 
Thing is ... 
My hair smells like my grandma . It's alright because my grandma smells good . :) 
2011 in T- 11 hours and 22 minutes . :) 
Pep band music playing for the night equals success . :) 
Sleeping in til past 12 and I am still tired . 
Accepted in ABT Alabama . :) 
I love how I spend my weekend looking up Greek Mythology . :) 
Advice for all you smart people , if you're going to go outside wear a coat . 
It's official I am buying a light up suit from the Black Eyed Peas halftime show . 
Along with not being able to put a down payment on my mute and feeling like a jerk today , I have a bruise appearing on my cheek . Oh joy . (: 
Friday 9:00 pm it lost all life in the the bottom of the screen . Saturday 9:15 pm he lost all life in his screen . Poor Chives the 2nd . You were a great phone . Hopefully your light will come back on . 
Proud owner of a Droid 2 . (: 
Why is it I always run out of conditoner before shampoo ? 
When did the Wiggles go from singing about fruit salad to wannabe rockers ? 
Bowling tomorrow ? I think so . :) 
Tonight , I learned that boys can not bowl . (: 
What has the world come to ? I have found myself playing Pokemon . 
Don't you love when you want to talk to someone but you know they don't want to talk to you anymore ? 
Had to stop playing Pokemon due to the fact my hand lost feeling . Fail . 
Anyone taking Physics next year ? 
I thinks it's time to head up to < PROPMALE>'s to get me a hot dog . (: 
Good weather = great mood . (: 
For once I shall be rooting for Michigan . (: Western vs . Michigan hockey game tonight . 
Getting a Red < PROPFEMALE > Slush from Sonic is the highlight of my weekend . :) 
Was the only rooting for Duke at < PROPMALE>'s , while surrounded by U of M fans . 
I feel like when you take a nap , you end up missing a lot of things . 
Can we all cut the crap ? Just live life and have fun . 
Do I make you smile ? :D 
Facebook chatting on my phone !? What is this ? So cool ! 
Why is it every time I play the Sims my sim either dies or is depressed ? 
What if we in our minds analyzed everything we did , as we did it ? Breathing , walking , talking . Things that come naturally to us . 
If you could know the consequences of your actions or decisions before you made them , would you still take the risks ? 
Can one be anger with another for not talking to them , or is is their fault for not approaching them ? 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Graessley then skyping with < PROPFEMALE > Agdorny , my night is complete . 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Bos ! 
Talking to someone til 2 in the morning really messes up your sleep schedule . 
