Happy New Year everyone ! ( a little early , but I'm getting off of here ) 

I'm so glad the new site is done ... finally I can relax a little ! 
Is still excited to have made the biggest promise of his life so far to the most amazing girl on earth ! :D 
finally didn't sleep for like 10 hours ! 
Learning to make online stores is very very time consuming ! 
Is stuck in a hotel room , thanks to stupid drunk people at my house ! Its going to be a great week ... at least I have a cellphone here . 
has had a long last few days , but is finally \home\ " and probably isn't going to do anything tomorrow ! " 
Finally has a computer again ! 
Actually managed to get a few things done today , despite everything ! 
Happy father's day to all the dads out there ! 
Is it finally going to storm ? That would be awesome . 
Mailing out his first < PROPFEMALE > payment today ! Only 119 more to go for this < PROPFEMALE > ........ 
Today is the day . 
\Check out what your favorite Celebrities are saying on Twitter right now ! \ " Make the spam stop ! " 
Trying to find out anything about my credit report/score has made me lose all hope in humanity ! It's -that- annoying and stupid for something that's been made so important for every day life . 
Taking it easy for today . 
is getting closer and closer to being done with writing his contract . I've learned quite a bit along the way though ! 
wants his internet to work correctly ! 
can't get to his request < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is finishing packing for his trip to Ohio and Kansas ! It should be fun ! 
was actually able to sleep well last night , which is the first time ever in a hotel that I can remember ! 
is in St. Peters , Missouri , half a day and I'll finally be in Wichita , Kansas and able to see my wonderful girlfriend ! The wedding in Ohio and seeing some more of my extended family was very fun too ! 
has the most amazing girlfriend in the world , and is having a lot of fun visiting ! 
is still very happy and excited ! 
is sad to be leaving his girlfriend , but had the greatest time ever ! 
is heading out for breakfast , then starting the car ride home ! 
is home , and more or less settled back in ! Now to get back to work . 
is excited ! 
is glad my dog howls at the tornado sirens , or I would have never known they were going off ! Let alone that it was even storming out ! 
can't come up with any ideas ! 
is redoing his brand identity to try and get things going again ! 
.... There's nothing like feeling uncomfortable in your own house ! 
is back home after an unplanned trip to escape drunk idiots . I must have done something pretty bad in a past life or something to deserve this lol . 
Got up really early this morning compared to what his schedule has been .... it's actually pretty nice ! 
is back from the State Fair for the 20th year in a row ! 
picked a good football game to watch after not really watching one for years . 
hit a wall setting up e-commerce software ..... now to wait some more for support ! 
Snowwwwwwww 
has so many things to do , but it should all lead to something pretty cool ! 
Wooo field goal miss ! 
is making progress ! 
The plus side of todays game is I learned about two new penalties I didn't even know existed ..... 
setting up an online form is offically my least favorite thing to do ! 
if change is good then I must be pretty good , since I keep changing everything ! lol 
Thank you to whoever finally didn't re-register dvorakdesigns.com this year ! 
There's nothing more satisfying than learning something on your own ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Snowwwwww ! 
Finally , a respectable amount of snow ! 
is finally in the process of finding all of his old music again . 
I'm not sure what to think about the Vikings game , it's a little sad almost lol . 
I should have gone to law school or something , trying to write a contract is way harder than learning anything I've had to with graphic design lol . 
Should be nice and busy tomorrow shoveling snow ! Though for now it's bed time . 
Well ... I did say I needed to start getting up earlier again . I just hadn't planned on 6am waking up to a snow blower lol . 
6 hours of shoveling snow .... and I'll probably have to do it all again tomorrow ! I can't wait ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
Probably should have worked on the contract first , so everything else wasn't just sitting and collecting dust ! 
Contract is half done ! .... I think . 
Watching the Vikings .... we'll see if that's a good or a bad thing . 
Finally the game is getting a little better ! 
Other than the Vikings losing , it was a good day ! Time for bed though . 
So close to being done with everything ! I can't wait ! 
is a proud supporter of his local library by forgetting to renew books online and getting late fees ! 
Happy New Year everyone ! 
has a busy day coming up tomorrow ! 
Getting ready to go see about my taxes ... lets hope for some good news ! 
So many football games makes it hard to work . 
Had an unproductive but relaxing day . 
I need a more productive day tomorrow ! 
Soooo many turnovers ... other than that I had fun watching it . 
Hmm , if you got a notification from me saying I posted something on your wall , but it wants to take you to an application ... you can ignore it . Not sure what that was , but it seemed pretty sketchy . 
I need to quit trying to work this late . It ends up being infinitely less productive than I want it to be , and then I'm just even more tired in the morning ! 
Wooo , random new facebook < PROPFEMALE > lol ! 
The state refused my tax return because I was 17 cents short on postage :-/ I'm definitely claiming the stamps on the my tax return this year , that will teach them ! 
Why does my body insist on waking me up after only 4 hours of sleep ? Doesn't it know we'll both just be tired later ? 
The olympics are way too distracting . 
@ < PROPFEMALE > Companies : You can make getting deferment as hard as you want , but I WILL get it . Even if I have to spend an amount equal to my < PROPFEMALE > totals in stamps and paper . 
I need to focus this week ! 
If I learned nothing else from MBC I at least learned how to write professional letters , which finally got me all my deferments . 
No Olympics on yet this morning ? Come on NBC ! I can watch normal programming for the next 4 years lol . 
Slooooooow day ... at least it's < PROPFEMALE > out though ! 
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 is pretty awesome ..... though it's going to melt my video card lol . 
Alright , I'm going to cave and write a formal business plan in hopes it will help give me more focus and some more leverage in getting what I need done . 
\I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom . \ " ~ General < PROPFIRST > S . Patton " 
I have to say , this is perfect weather for a bike ride . The only thing that would make it better is a < PROPFEMALE > bit of sun . 
One day I'm going to invent a robot that does all of the tedious work of adding website security things for me . I just need to keep reminding myself that this is way less annoying than dealing with a hacked website . 
I finally try to branch out some more with my business and they set me up to charge me a bunch of fees . My words of wisdom from this : Even if the contract is 15 pages long , sit there in front of them and read every last bit of it . Even if you ask all the right questions , they have no problems lying to you apparently . 
From the time of this post on , if you are still receiving facebook game requests from my feed and you do not want to receive them , let me know and I will put you in the group I'm hiding from all such requests . Same thing if you are no longer seeing them and want to , then I'll remove you from the group . 
I'm definitely heading down the right road , but man is it taking forever . 
Is glad to witness some more history worthy events , even if I didn't have the mental capacity to follow it too closely . 
Had a pretty good birthday , just relaxed the whole day , and then went to Famous < PROPMALE>'s for supper . Which is pretty much a perfect birthday as far as I'm concerned ! 
I still can't decide if me wanting to make everything perfect and to keep evolving things is good or bad . I can't help but feel like I'm shooting myself in the foot or going in circles sometimes ! 
A very productive day , but it's already getting too hot in my room during the day ... and it's not even that < PROPFEMALE > out right now ! 
Aaaaaand , let the April Fools jokes begin ( 30 mins or so late , but close enough) ! Unfortunately I have nothing planned this year . 
Web forms are slowing me down again ! Hopefully these are the last complex ones I need to make for awhile . 
Wooo , 8th place out of 30 in my first fake poker tournament ! lol ... 
Now I understand why people get paranoid with buying thing's online .... it seems my years of no problems with it is finally catching up to me . 
This headache needs to quit , it feels like my brain is trying to explode but it can't quite make it through my skull .... 
I remade my businesses ' Facebook < PROPFEMALE > so I could be listed in a different category and be able to include more information on the < PROPFEMALE > , so I'd appreciate it a lot if everyone could rejoin and invite any of their friends who would be interested . Thanks in advance ! 
Huge to-do list tomorrow ... I better get to bed . 
Definitely need a new cell phone , and this time no Windows Mobile . No matter how much they dress it up and pretend it's not really Windows Mobile .... fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me . 
54GB of stuff to backup to Mozy , I guess my computer is going to be on all night . At least I only have to do it all at the same time once . 
So now Facebook is making -another- < PROPFEMALE > I need to update for my business ? I'm going to have to hire someone just to keep all these random < PROPFEMALE > s up to date . 
Perfect weather for yard work . 
Lol only 1 day left on my Mozy backups ! I hate leaving my computer on 24/7 , but it's going to have to go one more night . 
Two hours to backup my phone and reset it to how it was out of the factory ... lets hope this helps . 
Trying out Facebook mobile ... even though I never go anywhere that I'd need to use it . 
Gloomy Mondays are not good for motivation . 
Man do I hate calling random people on the phone . 
So tired today ...... 
It's < PROPFEMALE > out today !? 
So much work still this weekend , but it's going to be awesome . 
Lets see if I remember how to use anything in InDesign , it's been at least a year and a half lol . 
How many times are my student loans going to change servicing companies ? This is making them impossible to manage . 
This just wasn't a very good week , and I'm not entirely sure why .... besides getting almost no work done anyway . 
Finally get a job/interview request , and it's for a bunch of stuff I don't even do lol . 
New Futurama tonight , I can't wait ! 
Waking up earlier is so nice . 
I work slow enough as it is ... so two weeks worth of server problems is killing me ! 
Just setup a motion detection security camera for $20 ( the price of the webcam ) .... it even sends the images it captures to my email automatically . I can't say I'll ever capture a burglar with it , but it made my inner nerd happy . 
Nine hour car ride here we come ! I can't wait to get to Kansas though ! 
I'm having a ton of fun on my trip , I just wish it wasn't so close to being over ! 
On the way home now . It's always difficult to leave ! 
Lost a new pair of sunglasses in less than 24 hours . That's probably a sign I'm just not allowed to have sunglasses ! 
We should be driving through some pretty nice storms in Iowa and southern Minnesota , unless the radio guy made them sound bigger than they were . 
It's nice to be home from my vacation visiting my girlfriend , and I had a lot of fun .... but I feel like I've missed the past week with everything else ! It's a weird feeling . 
Time to catch up on all of my Facebook games . 
195 emails is way too many , I should have done a better job of checking them during my vacation . 
It's so hard getting back into my work routine after a vacation ! 
I'm going to invent computer fans that aren't so vicious . 
Only 71 emails left to check ! That's pretty good progress from having almost 200 . 
Here's to hoping I don't have to find a new website host ... but these database problems are a pain . 
Since all my website stuff is down and I'm waiting on tech support , I'm going to finish my 70 survey emails today ..... or at least that's my goal . 
Finally made it to the \interview\ " step applying for a project on oDesk ! " 
I think my room is where all the dust in the world originates . 
Another day of lost productivity because of server problems . I think it's time to finally switch hosts . This is starting to make me mad . 
Got a cool little electronic drawing tablet for $30 at the pawn shop yesterday , it's working very well , and came with all kinds of extra items and software . Something tells me the pawn shop didn't do their research . 
If anyone has any old computers or similar electronics that they want to get rid of , I'd gladly take them for free and make sure they're properly scraped and recycled . Just leave a comment or send me a message . 
Everything is going great , but man am I tired right now . 
Hmm , I didn't know this Ebay thing was going to share -every- auction I posted ..... 
First sale of the new business , turned in $80 worth of scrap steel . 
Had a busy weekend , and will probably have an even busier week this week . I'm having fun though ! 
Wouldn't mind someone holding a monopoly in internet browsers ... I hate making websites work in all of the ones out there now . 
21st year in a row going to the state fair tomorrow . 
Waking up at 5am , after getting enough sleep , is actually pretty nice . 
Still worn out today . 
Do people really bid on , and win , auctions only to not pay on Ebay now ? I've never had issues with it in the past . At least Ebay has a nice system where the only thing I should lose is my time ... but I mean come on . 
Found a mice nest inside of my lawn mower today while tuning it up .... that could be why it wasn't running too well . 
Pretty nice day outside . The temperature is almost perfect . 
I think tomorrow , after finishing my room , it's time to take my day off . 
< PROPMALE > backlog of surveys left to take . 
Getting into a car accident ruins your plans for the day pretty quickly lol . 
Motivation is non-existent today . It doesn't help waiting for a doctors appointment for crash injuries . 
I hate Sundays so much , something always happens to ruin my mood ! 
Just saw the biggest centipede/millipede ( whatever it was ) that I've ever seen in my life crawling along my wall . I need more Raid ! I have no idea where all these bugs are coming from . 
Rebate Debit cards should really be illegal or something , they're certainly annoying enough and I feel like money I had is just gone once they've expired . Though my goal with the next one is to use every last < PROPFEMALE > on it . Even if I have to buy two pieces of < PROPFEMALE > from one of those bins at the grocery store . 
Subway chocolate chip cookies are amazing ! Why didn't anyone tell me ? 
Squirrel crisis has been averted . They're not as cute and cuddly as you'd think when you try to hand them a cracker to lure it out from behind your fridge . 
Zero < PROPFEMALE > for troubleshooting website quirks today . 
Finally picking up sheetrock for the bathroom tomorrow . 
Sheetrocked and taped the entire bathroom with my dad today , so today was pretty productive . 
12 hours of working on the bathroom today . It's coming together pretty well though . 
The tile in the bathroom looks pretty good . The paint is going up this week . 
I never thought Ebay would be the reason I'd have to use an outdated style of website coding . 
Not really sure about the color we painted the bathroom . 
The temperature appears to be going in the wrong direction . 
Nothing like a mysterious payment on your PayPal account to ruin an evening . Lets hope PayPal's issue resolution process isn't like being put through the ringer . 
Going to be making a conscious effort to be more active on social networks . Even though I don't think I'm particularly interesting . 
Had a much more productive day today than I've been having . 
My portfolio was updated on my website today , be sure to check it out ! http://bit.ly/dCDNQ0 
I understand having ads in videos online , but something needs to be done to add some variety to them . 
I think it's time to do some more website tuning tomorrow . I have some good ideas . 
This productive week came to a screeching halt this morning when my computer failed to boot up . Lets hope nothing needs replacing . 
My portfolio was updated with my first attempts at illustration , plus the resulting ebook cover . http://bit.ly/fvPCRx 
Computer trouble on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . I must have been naughty this year and didn't even realize it ; a lump of coal would have been better . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
I'm very happy Mozy made downloading my backed up files so easy , but it's still going to take forever to download 61,000 of them . 
If you told me two years ago I'd be doing semi-consistent design work for someone in Australia , I would have just laughed . Pretty excited . 
While the person I've been working for goes on vacation , I'm being put in charge of doing any work needed for 13 clients in Australia . That's quite a few more than the one client I thought I was going to be helping . /deep breaths 
It's about time to re-invent my website again using everything new I've learned , and a little bit of research time . 
A slow afternoon waiting for things to upload . It's going to be a late work night once it all finishes . 
What a game , it was fun to watch . 
