Headin ' back to Chicago for the weekend ! 

Wearing a heart monitor for the next 24 hours so everyone quit irritating me ! 
Here's to a bunch of great men with the revolutionary idea that it is government that serves the people , not vice versa . 
Are Coors drinkers dumb ? Why do they need blue mountains on the can to tell them their beer is cold ... my hand being cold tells me my beer is cold ... 
2 more payments on my car ! 
Just got back from rafting on the Rogue River . It's an easy one . 
Congratulations to De < PROPFEMALE > , starting at Illinois Wesleyan ! 
Just waved as the tow truck driver hauled my Civic off to the dealer . Shifter/Tran broke , it wouldn't shift into Park or Drive . Couldn't pull the key out even . Figures this happens the very month I pay off the < PROPFEMALE > . 
No one should die because they were forced to labor in a camp to support an oppressive socialist regime . No ones personal property should be confiscated to support a totalitarian government . Bulgaria - 222,000 ; < PROPFEMALE > - 65 million ; Cuba - 73,000 ; Czechoslovakia - 65,000 ; wait , I'm still only on ' C ' . 
I need to get a sub sammich in me ! 
When the hea t-t o-light ration approaches infinity ( asymptotically ) , and all the air is sucked out by the black hole that was reasoned discourse , when all truths are not self-evident , and rhetoric wins the day , they'll still be laughing all the way to the bank . 
Ok , seems my poetry wasn't well received ... how about some from my favorite band ? ... Enough to eat Somewhere old heroes shuffle safely down the street Where you can speak out loud About your doubts and fears And what's more , no one ever disappears You never hear their standard issue kicking in your door ... 
Sons of Anarchy season premiere ... now ! 
SC Republicans are finally asking Gov . < PROPMALE > to resign ... ya think ? 
I'd hire < PROPFEMALE > ! For a legit job ya pervs ! lol 
Shh . Sons is on . 
Wow , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > hands the ' investigative journalists ' that got scooped on ACORN their heads . Hilarious segment , can't wait for the youtube . 
Preparing to go under the knife ... well , tube ? probe ? I wonder if I should do the lipstick thing ... I'm going to ask the nurses to live blog this with video . 
is Celebrating Bugatti's 100th Birthday ! 
I'm wishing continued good health to Supreme Court Justice < PROPFEMALE > Bader Ginsburg . 
is finally emerging from a flu-induced fog . Having some soup , first food since last night . 
Congrats Rio ! 
Ha Ha , apparently a number of my friends fell for an Onion story about the Nobel Peace Prize ! 
Turbriskafil ! 
As I contemplate putting my motorcycle into winter storage , I am reminded of the 3 questions you should ask yourself before buying a motorcycle : 1 . Crotch-Rocket or Cruiser ? ( Cruiser , duh ! ) 2 . Helmet-wearer or organ donor ? ( IL lets you choose ) 3 . What form of hand signal will you give other motorcycle riders you encounter ? 
The real news story with respect to Rush and the NFL is not that people don't like Rush , it's not that Rush doesn't have a big mouth that is more than roomy enough for both his feet . The real story is < PROPMALE > ' news ' outlets MSNBC and CNN getting punked by Wikipedia . Fact checking is apparently optional when you are rushing to make that ' print ' deadline . 
Cut down the News Feed clutter ! Stop adding friends . Works for me . 
is relaxing after a 2.5 hour commute in the pouring rain . 
Happy Birthday to Dubya-Dubya-Dubya . Actually the first message over ARPAnet . 
.. and I'm all out of bubble gum . 
Michelob Utra Pomegranate Raspberry is kinda odd . Not sure I like it yet . Tell you when the six-pack is gone . 
Unfortunately I cannot donate blood right now due to treatments I am undergoing , but I hope anyone who can , does donate as frequently as they can . Blood isn't just needed when tradegies occur , it is needed every day . 
Possible copycat in < PROPMALE > ? 
What idiocy that this health insurance debate got re-framed in terms of abortion ! And earmarks greasing the deal . Weren't earmarks promised away ? 
Jeez ... just got in to my home-away-from-home apartment in Bloomington to find an extremely high speed bump . Perhaps the highest I've ever seen . Even going slow over it my little Civic crunched on it . I'll try to get photos in the daylight , but this time of year that might not be possible for me . 
wonders , \Is it wrong for a radio station to play ' Wreck of the < PROPMALE > Fitzgerald ' and ' Locomotion ' back to back ? \"" 
Riding through this world \\ All alone \\ Gotta < PROPMALE > your soul \\ You're on your own \\ The crow flies straight \\ A perfect line \\ On the devils bed \\ ' Til you die \\ Gotta look this life \\ In the eye 
Come Mister Taliban , tally me banana ... 
Cobra's anger ? Just heard of a new offensive and perhaps intel on Bin Ladin . Remember him ? I hope they find him cuz I have a buttload of pop can pull tabs for him . 
my snakes are sleeping and the rats keeping giving me accusatory looks . I think they know what's up . 
Had to tell the employee at Subway to tell her manager that a regular customer is one no more due to their decision to axe unsweetened ice tea at lunch today . What is the deal with selling pre-sweetened tea anyway ? It just so happens they invented a way to sweeten your tea to taste ... little packets of sugar ! 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option : go to Settings > Planetary Settings > Trajectory , then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all to see . 
Time to watch the < PROPMALE > season finale ! 
Ironically , the first movie I saw with my \new eyes\ " was in 3D . " 
Went to a local barber and what a joy . The guy didn't need to ask me what tools he should use . Got the beard tamed . 
Stupid FB broken and won't let me adjust the thumbnail version of my profile pic so I look kinda like Kilroy . 
Ribs from < PROPFIRST > Street Inn ! Yum . 
Dang I was hoping I had coined the term \collectivista\ " but it turns out to be both a Filipino political party and a Russian word which Google claims hasn't been translated yet . " 
Working and watching \Vanishing Point\ " . Go Kowalski ! " 
Where are all those illegal ... er undocumented workers who are needed to do jobs Americans won't do when I had to dig out my parking spots ? Since I already work 50+ hours per week I'd gladly pay someone . Dang kids these days are too spoiled . When I was a kid we'd be all over are neighborhood with a shovel . Don't pay me no mind , just the oxygen starvation and old-man-shovelling-snow-heart issues talking . 
Pardon my lack of historical knowledge , I didn't know < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > said \Give me safety or give me death . \ " ( h/t Judge Napalitano ) " 
Who told Ringo < PROPFEMALE > he could sing ? 
Yeah , I'm watching Archer . 
Accidently took my evening drugs instead of my morning so very uncoordinated right now . 
Mmm ... Ribs from < PROPFIRST > Street Inn tonight . 
Politics in the country has devolved to the level of sports mania . Democrats are not complaining about things that Obama is doing or not doing that they complained about under Bush . Republicans are complaining about things that Obama is doing or not doing that they didn't complain about under Bush . People view their party as their ' team ' . They should air political views on a new ESPN Sportscenter channel . 
The Tribune article on our case will be in this Sunday's edition , which is on newstands Saturday , as is their odd way of saying nothing really happens on Saturday that you can't wait until Monday to find out . I have to say , this report is obsessed with fact checking the most minute of details . Facts I am certain won't be in the article . But all I know about journalism is what I read in the papers . 
Chewing my lip here hoping McKenna and < PROPFIRST > don't overtake Dillard and < PROPMALE > for IL Republican Governor nominee . Looks like Quinn/Hynes are in a nail biter for Democrat Governor nominee too . Gonna be a long night in IL . 
wonders which celebrity is going to put him up as their doppelganger . 
Interesting to note a ( most likely ) non-causative correlation between the drop in crime since the 90s ( now down to 1960s < PROPFEMALE > levels ) and the national lib < PROPFEMALE > lization of gun laws . The conceal < PROPFEMALE > trend pretty much started in Florida in 1987 and has spread to 48 states since . The gun control ' fad ' started with the Gun Control Act of 1968 . 
Heh ... my most recent newsfeed item is 12 hours old ! I'm younger ! FB invents the fountain of youth ! 
I don't get these gold commercials . They say gold is superior to dollars because the government can print more dollars but it can't print gold . But can't someone just dig up more gold ? Isn't gold subject to inflation due to its being a naturally occuring metal ? 
What ever happened to having faith in one's convictions ? This so-called ' Slaughter Solution ' is a measure to give legislators cover for seeming to make politically inconvenient votes . 
You can't repeal the law of unintended consequences . 
It ain't over ' til the fat lady has a heart attack and falls over dead for lack of insurance coverage ! 
is about to interview a candidate for a job he's also applying for ... 
I've been deluged in birthday wishes , who knew ? I gave up trying to respond to each separately so this collective thanks will have to do . Thanks everyone , each email notification brightened my day . Now I'm blind ... thanks . > P-) 
Off to celebrate my birthday with dinner and a movie with De < PROPFEMALE > ! 
h/t @ < PROPFIRST > Lund : TAKE A MINUTE AND DO THIS ! Call the Nestle Chocolate Hot-line at 1-800-295-0051 . When asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , wait quietly for about 10 sec . and you will smile . Keep listening and press 4 . Then press 7 . If you comment on this , don't give away the surprise . Whoever thought of this at Nestle is a genius ! 
Spent $693 at the pharmacy today and that's not all of my monthly hit . Where do I send the invoice ? Where's my Obama-money ! 
was just called \inartfully enigmatic\ " ... I have no idea what that means . " 
is creeped out by one of his snakes following the rat around sniffing him . Though probably not as much as the rat . 
is camera shopping . 
Spartacus season finale was awesome ! 
Happy ' Shot Heard Round the World ' Day ! 
is bemused that < PROPFEMALE > Rehm of NPR and < PROPFEMALE > Labott of CNN could seriously attempt to blame the Iceland volcano on ' human involvement ' or ' global warming ' . Can't the afford science advisors ? 
joined the group , I my danged snake doesn't start eating these rats I'm going to have to develop a taste for ' em ! 
of course Wall Street is recovering while Main Street still suffers ... all Bush and Obama have done is transfer our money to Wall Street . 
hmm ... it appears that the Obama-Goldman link night dwarf the Bush-Enron link . I recall we really gave Bush heck for that . 
< PROPFEMALE > will be on WBBM Chicago ( CBS ) Channel 2 at 10pm tonight with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > Carville of the DCCC sent me an email with the subject \Reptiles\ " and I was pretty excited until I opened it and found he was using the word pejoratively . " 
Woke this morning to a compromised web-server . One of our sites had a very old version of x-cart and someone was able to upload some files as root and install them . Looks like php code to spy passwords . Thankfully our web-server configuration doesn't allow what they were trying to do and our proprietary domain virtualization mechanism isolates such intrusions to the single domain compromised . 
Freaky occurrence of the day : was on the phone with a co-worker that had attended the gun show in Dupage County and we were talking about 9-11 conspiracies because he saw a booth there . Suddenly I get a buzzing sound and my phone crashes ! If I disappear save this Facebook status ! LOL . 
Curse you Facebook for not allowing animated GIFs ! 
chilly ride to work this morning ! only 2 bikes parked where there are normally a dozen . WeatherBug better not be wrong ! 
is starving to death in a marathon vendor product debugging session . 
is bummed because he misplaced his motorcycle key so couldn't ride today . 
is listening to Pride and Prejudice and Zombies on the way home and loving it . 
Just noting that the 1 million group FOR Arizona's Immigration law has 23,000 + members and the 1million group AGAINST has 795,000 + . 
celebrated Cinco de Mayo at Fiesta rancher . 
Holy d o-o ver , Batman ! 
Arranged a date with the Devil today ... well , actually a dentist appointment . I've got hell to face for a broken molar and pretty much not flossing ... ever . 
oops , forgot to pray today . 
Someone needs to tell Pennsylvanians that New Jerseyians and New Yorkers moving into their state isn't illegal immigration ! LOL . 
Charging a man pimping out a 16 yr old girl : priceless . 
at the dentist ... cue dramatic music . 
I don't get it ... BP CEO says they are working through plans A , B , C , D , E , and F ... why not just skip right to F and save us the suspense ? 
Happy 32nd and last blastoff , Atlantis ! 
thinks the new < PROPFIRST > Crowe \Robin Hood\ " was fantastic ! " 
Enough to eat //\ 
Somewhere old heroes shuffle safely down the street //\ 
Where you can speak out loud //\ 
About your doubts and fears //\ 
And what's more n o-o ne ever disappears //\ 
You never hear their standard issue kicking in your door . 
goes under the knife tomorrow ... well , more like the pliers . Going to have those pesky wisdom teeth yanked out ... only 27 years late . 
oh what fresh hell is this ? 
they rioted in Greece in part due to the push to change their retirement age from 53 to 55 . My retirement age is 67 and looking at my prospects it's more like never . 
just saw a good friend wed ; congratulations < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Boch ! 
just saw what appears to be Obama's escort heading out I90 heading to airport . Glad we are going the other way . 
just got his taxes mailed off ... only about 2 months late this year ... beats last year by about 10 months ... 
Anyone know why the pharmacist always puts the dinky pills in the largish bottle and the capsules in the smaller bottle ? Plus its 30 of the former and 60 of the latter . I wouldn't care except we are required by law to keep the pills in their marked containers . 
knocking incumbents out in the Primary makes for a more exciting election in November . 
So I hear the Seahawks won the < PROPMALE > Steamer ! 
according to fitday.com I burn 2648 calories per day just sitting around ... 
I'm ambivalent towards the notion of boycotting BP . I do think it is unfair to the independent franchisees . However , it is a free market effect . Anyway , just heard an activist on < PROPMALE > referring to the franchisees as BP's ' human shields ' . Interesting perspective . 
has a big day planned : Appealing a $900 claim rejected by BCBS for an Ultrasound done in an ER visit ; Scrub and re-assemble the Kinkajou cage ; arrange for alternate transportation while the Civic is disabled . 
Turns out you learn a few things working in the backyard on a Monday morning . I noticed that Chicago sanitation trucks load both the blue recycling cans and the black regular garbage cans into the same trash compacting truck . Sigh . 
so my rental car this week is a Chevy Conastoga .... 
Yay , they care about us little people ! 
so I got my Civic back from the experts with the front struts replaced and an oil change on Friday . A/C is out until I find a ' spare ' $800 . Had to have it towed back to the Honda shop last night because the put in the wrong oil ( needs 0 wt . for hybrids ) . 
Clear is not looking so good . I've got 5 full bars of signal ( out of 5 ) and my speedtest.net results are 3.25 Mb/s up , 0.49 Mb/s down and my pingtest.net results are 97ms latency and 17ms jitter . \ 
Compare to Comcast which is 17Mb/s down , 5Mb/s up and pingtest results of 24ms latency and 11ms jitter . \ 
I think I'll be sending this back . 
Had a great Fathers ' Day brunch followed by \The Karate Kid \"!" 
Turns out that my car won't run with a broken A/C . That system is tied into others such as the power steering . If they'd have told me that last week I'd have had them fix it then . 
can't decide : < PROPFEMALE > , mojito , or martini . definitely starts with an ' M ' . 
gets nervous when he sees the transplant van ... never should have filled out the organ donor card ! 
got tricked into going to church . 
and so it begins . 
On my way downtown . I brought a registration form to show that yes , we do already have a process and maybe someone can explain why a select few have been allowed hanguns all these years without all the recently proposed controls . What is it about ordinary folks that spooks Mayor Daley so ? 
is glad to see the news vans made it to city hall ... 
Liveblogging ! Media is setting up their feeds . 2 minutes until the announcements being . 
5-4 ! 
< PROPFEMALE > will be debating the head of Ceasefire Chicago on WGNtv this half hour ( before 6pm ) . 
Personally , I don't think crime rates will go up or down following the revocation of Chicago's handgun ban . Crime doesn't hinge upon this issue . Crime is more easily correllated with economic conditions . As long as the economy in Chicago sucks , crime will be up . When the economy improves , if ever , crime will go down . 
What an idiotic thing to say , even for you , Mayor Daley . Of course you don't have the right to point your gun at your wife or kid ... no more than you have the right to wave a knife in their face or ' judo chop ' them upside the head ... but you do have the right to point a gun at the guy breaking into your house . Duh . 
Just celebrated with ribs from < PROPFIRST > Street Inn . Yum . I can get fatter now that I won't be compelled to run anymore ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Georges , Chicago Corporate Council , testified today at the City Counsel Police Committee meeting that she thought a 1 handgun limit would be ' reasonable ' . 
City Council opened with the Pledge of Allegiance ( to the flag and a prayer . Now they are passing a resolution honoring the winning of the < PROPMALE > Cup . 
listening to Alderman Burke mock the victims of violence in Chicago by likening it to hits taken in hockey . 
is heading downtown ... 
is listening to the patriotic music being piped into the City Council chambers as people gather . 
More importantly , just heard Dr. Pepper is bringing back real sugar version of its softdrink for a few months ! Too bad I don't drink softdrinks anymore . 
it's the brightest rainy day I've seen in a while . 
is wondering if < PROPFIRST > has his homework done for tomorrow ... 
chicago's new firearms registration procedures are now available at www.chicagopolice.org . 
Good night . 
is being trained . 
is gettin ' some wings and a brew or two . 
As a software engineer , I'm disappointed that Facebook has to resort to using ' their ' as a pronoun when someone comments on their status . Couldn't it easily say ' < PROPFEMALE > Doe commented on * her * link ' or ' < PROPFIRST > Doe commented on * his * link ' when < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > have gender identified in their profile ? 
wonders if it is wrong-headed or curious justice to feed cat food to his rats ... 
is cruising up Route 66 ! 
is at the Black Women's Expo . 
somehow I got stuck ' manning ' the 2nd Amendment Sisters booth at the Black Women Expo ... 
only now just realized that ' free ' in ' it's a free country ' is meant figuratively . 
ah , rain ! 
Our lawsuit against Chicago ( McDonald v Chicago ) which prevailed in the Supreme Court of the US , is officially dismissed as moot by the 7th Circuit in response to the repeal of Chicago's ( and Oak Park's ) handgun ban . \ 
\ 
In related news , and as proof , our handgun registrations arrived and we'll have our them in our home in a couple days . 
chicken tikka masala to go . 
just signed transfer papers for my 
just signed his name and dated it 99 times ! You'd think that practice would make the signatures more regular , but towards the end I almost forgot how to form the letters . All are largely unreadable ... 
what's that smell ? New car smell ! 
firewhip show at the ren faire ! 
Learning how to use Droid X ! 
Noticed that my Droid prints when holstered on my belt ... I hope no one freaks out ! 
Today's question : When does a gun not have a serial number ? 
Dude , where's my bailout ? According to Zillow.com, my house dropped in value $ 60,000 in 2 years . 
Congratulations to Chile ! 
Heard a central Illinois DJ relate a news story about a man that found a 300 million dollar painting behind his couch by someone named \Michael Angelo\ " . LOL . " 
Walking a district for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Just ran around the block a few times trying to find who's smoke alarm was going off . Faint odor of smoke in the air but no fire . Finally found the house . 
Off to vote . 
can't figure out if the Yemen thing is a Republican dirty election trick or a Democrat dirty election trick ... 
Has that newly cleaned car smell . 
voted against every incumbent . Which , sadly , in Illinois means I didn't vote for a single Democrat . Single Party politics has nearly bankrupted our state . \ 
Vote out the incumbents and keep doing it until they get the message ... otherwise all you do is feed the beast . \ 
Principle over Party ! 
I voted last week but I didn't get a cool facebook vote button like everyone else . 
I don't get the many folks that urge people to vote . It's your democracy , I figure you've prioritized your life . 
So my better half judged at a polling place near our house in Chicago . After 328 voters cast ballots ( out of 700 registered ) the tape reported : Brady : 6 , < PROPFIRST > 33 . They were packing up before she asked what happened to the other 280 votes . Yep , this is electronic voting machines in action . 
Got my rifles sighted in for my hunting trip . Best grouping from my Swiss K31 naturally . < PROPFEMALE > is dead , dead , dead ! 
Deep-fried oreos ? 
Happy Veterans Day to my friends and family who have or are currently serving thier country . I may be a free-riding slacker , but I appreciate your service . 
At the City Administrative Hearing office to contest an attempt to violate my civil rights under color of law ! 
Is at his hearing contesting Chicago's denial of rifle registrations . I brought evidence this time ! 
Best wishes to all on this great holiday . 
Civil unions pass Illinois legislature , heads to Governor < PROPFIRST>'s desk . Too bad they didn't just pass civil unions for all . 
Fall fever ! 
Working in downtown Chicago today , in a rare visit to my campany's HQ . 
Parked on I55 south near mile marker 234 ... 15 minutes and counting . 
In one of those meetings where you want to bite off your tongue and drown in your own blood . 
What good is a prescription for a new antibiotic if no pharmacy can fill it ? 
I didn't realize it was this difficult to be your own barber ... 
Heading downtown to meet with a new shyster . 
Wikileaks Task Force ( WTF ) formed . LOL . 
Finally got around to ' reading ' < PROPFIRST > Chrichton's \Next\ " book ( ok 
it's a White Christmas here in Chicago . Peace . 
was very disappointed to have UPS deliver my ' nobot ' < PROPFEMALE > yesterday ... 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , a true patriot , beloved by his family and friends . < PROPFIRST > lived in Champaign , IL and had friends from the bottom of the state to the top . 
You gotta really be off when a guy with a bright pink and purple page-boy haircut says you were off . 
Had a great afternoon at the pistol range with < PROPFEMALE > Lawson and De < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Looks like De is a natural . I found shooting the S&W 642 Airweight revolver is probably only fun for those that like having a mule kick them in the hand . 
Ya can't take your marbles and go home if you didn't bring any to the table ! Just sayin ' . 
is very concerned that the Bears - Packers rhetoric is creating a hostile environment ... 
In a big hit to the Cook County Machine ... Rahm has been kicked off the mayoral ballot . IL Supreme Court will weigh in . Dead fish alert ! 
Not even past the opening greeting and Boehner is already crying ! There's no crying in politics ! 
Mega Python vs . Gatoroid ... it's really terrible , but it does < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gibson ! 
At the Illinois Sportsman Show , helping out at the ISRA ( isra.org ) . Unfortunately our booth is right next to Ducks Unlimited . 
My apartment complex in Bloomington hasn't gotten around to clearing our roads yet . There's a couple feet of drift blocking my driveway . I'm kinda wishing I had a snow shovel down here ... 
Tonight's food experiment went well . The ramen noodles were the weak link , but the cheese , < PROPFEMALE > peppers , garlic , and venison brats sauteed up nicely . 
A Chicago police superintendent that wants to clean up corruption in the most corrupt city in the most corrupt County in the most corrupt State ... I'm already finding it hard to suspend disbelief ... 
Remember the Maine ! 
$1900 at the pharmacy today ... not feeling to good about that . 
Voted ! 
Heard a new term today ... fleebaggers ! Lol . 
Bah ... looks like no runoff for Rahm ... 
IL House < PROPMALE > 3138 will disallow any diabetic that uses insulin from obtaining a permit to drive a school bus . 
Getting spanky new tires for my Jeep ! 
I'd kinda like to be the President , so I could show you how your money's spent . 
Dangit , don'tcha hate it when a restaurant changes the recipe of your favorite entree ? 
Not an F-18 today ... more like a Fokker DR-1 . 
Just had a chat with an AP reporter regarding AG Madigan's push to make the FOID card holder list public . I gave him my several reasons that this is a very bad idea . 
I had some time to sit and think , being stuck in traffic today and it struck me that law-makers and law-breakers are co-dependents . We pay one to protect us from the other . It strikes me that they are , in a sense , symbiotic . A symbiotic , parasitic infestation . 
I can't believe Trump has already violated campaign finance laws ... Trump ... you're fired ! 
keeping my friends and family out in Northern California and Oregon in my thoughts as they brace for the tsunami waves due any minute now . 
Just realized that we owe Mondays to the unions as well ! 
A building-rubble-fication project ... lol 
Sorry , just getting around to seeing the Trump Comedy Roast ... so who's bright idea was it to put ' The Situation ' on ? I remember being blissfully ignorant of this person , which was earlier today ... Was he put on so Trump could make the joke , ' who booked him for my roast ? You're fired!' 
checked in at nunna-yer-dang-bidness . 
So the healthcare law gave $1.7 billion to GE and AT&T ? So which party favors big business ? 
