HEY EVERYONE JUST FINALLY GOT ON HERE TO UP DATE EVERYTHING JUST WANTED TO SAY < PROPFIRST > AND I HAVE SET A DATE FOR OUR WEDDING ..... ITS AWAYS AWAY BUT WE NEEDED TO SET A DATE SO ITS MAY 21 , 2011 IF YA HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR JUST WANT TO CHAT YOU SHOULD HAVE MY NUMBER .... IIGHT LOVE YA ALL 

im fucking tired of this stupid bitch trying to steal my man .... she needs to back the fuck off or watch her fucking back ....... 
im really getting sick of < PROPFEMALE > harms tryin to start shit .... anyone want to help me kick her ass lol cause the ways its going now ill be going to jail for kicking her ass when i see her again 
work is literally driving me crazy and im not kidding my doc told me today that work is causing the black out spells i have been having and now they are putting back on antidepressents and have to see a shrink AGAIN lol wat to do now ? 
Went to the chippendales show last night with my aunt and OMG !!! mom would be so proud lol next time ill try for better seats .... OMG THEY WERE YUMMY MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM LOL 
Getting tired of boys ..... maybe i shoould be a lez ..... naaa i dont think i could but boys need to go up n stop playing games 
Lol shut the Smurf up .... lol 
so bored .... 
Thinking i need a date for the 19th .... im going to a wedding and i want someone to come with me ..... 
I guess its ignore < PROPFEMALE > day ... wtf ... watever idk f u too .... 
grrrrrrr !!!!!!!! bored and alone wat a combo ..... i need a life .... anyone want to borrow me theirs ..... lol 
Got my eye brow peirced today lol 
I guess mondays and fridays are ignore < PROPFEMALE > days .... wat the f *** ... ill remember this so the day u want someone to talk to ill be the one not answering my phone .... 
I guess mondays and fridays are ignore < PROPFEMALE > days .... wat the f *** ... ill remember this so the day u want someone to talk to ill be the one not answering my phone 
Why is it when one thing goes bad everything else follows ... im praying for my uncle chopper to get better ... we all love u 
Hmmm starting to think i have no purpose in life but to remain broken n unwanted .... 
My heart and prayers go out to grandma burns and uncle chopper ... we love you and hope u get better 
Kinda pissed ..... i made breakfast this morning and a certain person comes out and throws all of it away ... there r starving people all over n u go and throw it away wtf not happy right now .... 
Why do guys think its funny to call people while they r on the shitter ? wtf its gross n so NOT funny .... 
I think im going to the beach tommorrow and saturday .... if anyone wants to come with text me 320 444 6806 ... let me know who ya r lol 
IM GOING TO GREEN LAKE AT 2PM ANYONE WANTS TO COME LET ME KNOW ..... 320 444 6806 
Sick of people that say one thing then do another ... who act like ur friend but that back stab u .... the only person u can trust is urself .... 
Went to mitches for fireworks n chilled it was nice to see all the old faces ..... happy 4th everyone 
Missing all the ones i love ..... whishing u were here to see me now ... but ur never to far from my heart .. i love u all !!!!!! 
Missing all the ones i love ..... whishing u were here to see me now ... but ur never to far from my heart .. 
friends come n go thru ur whole life but its a true friends stays by ur side forever .... 
Really doesent want to go to work .. wishing i had someone to cuddle .... or something lol 
Hmmmmm wat to do ? bored and alone ...... 
A good deed doesnt go unpunished .... LAST FUCKING TIME I HELP A SO CALLED FRIEND .... FUCK U ALL IM DONE BEING NICE .... 
Is really missing the most amazing women i know ..... i miss her smile , her laugh , her hugs n kisses yet i still feel her love ... i <3 u 
Really wants to go horseback riding today after work .... 
Yay for once it might be nice out on my weekend off ... i hope it does 
Missing my mommy more then anything in the world .... i love you 
I hate waiting for something good to happen ... all i get is bad news ... days like these i wish i was with mom grrrrrrr fml 
My aunt < PROPFEMALE > just made my day .... i get to take < PROPFEMALE > for her first big hair cut ... One things for sure ... im going to cry ... 
Thinking about cutting my hair short again .... pple give me ur feed back yay or nay 
Happy Birthday MOMMY ! I LOVE YOU & MISS YOU ! I WISH U WERE HERE 
OF ALL DAYS I HAVE TO GET SICK TODAY ... WTF ! 
Sometimes im to good of a person ... someone i love hurts me yet i still manage to be friends no matter how much it hurts me ... 
Thinking i should runaway this weekend n never come back ... but 1 problem ... where would i go n with whom ? 
Had a blast with my baby sis in st. cloud today .... wow is she getting so big ... im so proud 
Had a blast last night with < PROPFIRST > in the cities .... i need to come up again soon ;) 
Thinking i need to move away n get a fresh start 
Keeping my head high , smile on my face and my steps moving forward .. trying not to look back watch out world im maken my own path 
Fall is here !!! yay that means halloween is coming ... beautiful colors r on their way ... cant wait 
i have one of the most boring lives ever .... lol o well someday it will be exciting lol 
today feels like one of thoses days where u just wanna cuddle up on the couch with the person u love the most ... my pillow will have to make do lol 
Waiting for my knight in shiny armor .. or jeans n a t-shirt work too .. lol to come sweep me off my feet n take me away 
rain rain go away come back another day ..... rain is cold and depressing and i wanna go somewhere amazing to get away ... maybe hawaii lol wait it rains alot more there lol 
Feelin alone n depressed on this rainy day ... i want someone to cuddle with 
when i close my eyes i see ur face .. when i open them i wish u were here ... to feel ur hugs n see ur amazing smile takes my breath away ... 
Didnt go to bed till 5 , my aunt woke me up at 8 to go garage sailing n she almost killed me ... its only 10am wat a begining to a beautiful day 
I LOVE that i can be having the worse day of my life and simply talking to YOU completely changes my mood .... 
Waiting for a phone call sucks ..... i the time moves so slowly ... missing the important people in ur life sucks too ... grrr i hate hate being lonly 
Needing a hot bubblebath with candles and relaxing music .... then a deep tissue message then to cuddle up in bed with a sexy man would make my day so much better lol 
Needing a hot bubblebath with candles and relaxing music .... then a deep tissue message then to cuddle up in bed with a sexy man would be GREAT LOL 
Laundry day ... o joy lol wanting to cuddle up in my clean bed sheets like those comercials lol 
I hate thunderstorms ... i wish u were here to cuddle with me and listen to the rain with me ... we could stay in bed all day lol 
i think God has finally answered my prayers ... to finally be truely happy ... i feel whole again .. i pray it will only get better ... 
im danceing with tears in my eyes . just fighting to get thru the night ...... 6days and counting lol ..... 
5 more days ... I CANT WAIT !.... 
CANT WAIT TILL SATURDAY !!!!!!!! ILL BE THE HAPPIEST WOMEN IN THE WORLD LOL WELL I THINK SO ANYWAYS LOL 
The closer saturday gets the slower time moves .... WTF ! i want it to go faster ... I CANT WAIT !!!!! 
2DAYS !!!!!!! I CANT WAIT ... haven a hard sitting still im so excited ... if i was a puppy i think id wet myself all day LMFAO GROSS BUT FUNNY 
One more day ..... today better go by fast thats all i can say ! 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Haugen for sending me baby turkey . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/bMqOQ9 
Im the happiest women in the world .... nothing can take me off cloud 9 lol 
enjoying the last couple days i have with my hunny till he goes back ... BUT hes coming back and that makes me HAPPY !!!!!!!!! 
why does it hurt so much when the person you love leaves if only for a short time ...? i cant wait till u get back in my arms again hopefully time flies by . 
Im really not likeing not havin you here with me ... i feel lonly ..... i miss you so much already ... wtf am i going to do for the next 3 days till we figure out whats the next step ? 
All i wanna do is cry .... idk wat to do right now .... i miss you so much it hurts .... come back soon PLEZ ! 
Trying to think positive .... i just need to keep telling myself everything will be ok . 
I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy will be ... without money . I cannot let that person be me . Copy within 11 minutes . Good luck . 
really bored and lonly ... missing my hunny more and more as the days go by ... 
Hmmmm i have an empty apartment now .... but soon my hunny will be back then ill be happy again 
two weeks and then ill be happy again ... i cant wait 
I LOVE MY FAMILY AND I LOVE MY FRIENDS ... AND MOST OF ALL I LOVE MY BOYFRIEND < PROPFIRST > ! YOU MAKE ME SO HAPPY AND NOTHING CAN CHANGE THAT ! 
Wow ! Miley will never stop - Watch miley < PROPMALE > with new boyfriend - Leaked News => http://bit.ly/miley < PROPMALE > s 
Let the count down begin ... 10 days till ur back in my arms .... i miss you hunny ... cant wait to see your sexy smile 
9 days .... 9 days .... i so CANT wait for the next 9 days to go by ... plez let them zip on by ... cant wait to see those amazing green eyes n sexy smile .... 
8 days 8 days i have 8 more days of waiting ... then i can feel whole again .. YAY 
7 days and still counting .... i CANT wait .... the closer we get the happier i become ... lol 
6 days left then my knight in shining armor will be back in my arms where he belongs ... yay i cant wait ... love u < PROPFIRST > 
looking for a couch and tv for cheap ... if u know anyone thats selling let me know plez ... 
4 days .... im so happy .... yay cant wait to see ur face ... mwa love u hunny 
Lol < PROPFIRST > springer is the shit .. its funny watching these ugly ass people fight .. lol its so human lol 
3days left then ill have my happy begining not ending cuz this love has just started .... lol 
i cant wait till hes here ..... im so excited 
23 hours n counting .... looks like ill be going to bed early tonight 4 am is going to come faster then i think 
Yup ... i cant sleep to excited .. besides sleeps over rated anyways ... 5 hours b4 i leave 9 hours till hes back in my arms 
Waiting in sioux falls for my hunny i hope his bus is on time .... 
Hes finally home yay 
so happy that i get to come home everynight to the man of my dreams 
cant wait to get home to see my hunny .... o ya lol mwa love you hun 
wish i could be home in bed with the man of my dreams .... 
get to spend tomorrow with my demon child lol so excited lol 
grrrr .... i wanna go home already ... i wanna see my sexy man lol 
waiting for my auntie n monster in st. cloud lol 
Lol < PROPFEMALE > is so damn cute .... she cant say < PROPFIRST > so what does she say she says keef lol its hilarious 
Thank god i have the next three days off .... i need a new job badly idk how much longer i ca do this b4 i go crazy 
haven lunch with my baby sis .... 
Cant believe thanksgiving is this week already 
enjoying every minute of everyday with my hunny ... mwa love u 
my first holiday with my hunny ... im excited 
today my hunny n i have been together 2 months now n i had to work lol ok well im done at 4 so then well spend sometime together ..... mwa i love u < PROPFIRST > 
sitting in the ER with < PROPFIRST > i hate seeing him in pain ... i hate that i cant do anything about it 
wat a way to wake up ... my hunny maken breakfast for me after 11 hours of sleep lol awww i feel rested 
cant stand xmas music already .... there should be a law that u can only play it the week of xmas and thats it ! 
according to < PROPFEMALE > my facebook statuas are sappy lol o well love ya al .... n < PROPFIRST > too lol mwa 
32665 
awwwwww suck an elf ! 
haven an adult toy party tomorrow at 7 so if u wanna come let me know asap 320 444 6806 
partying in an igloo with my hunny and a few friends lol how many people can say they did that lol 
enjoyed my first xmas with keith .... n looking forward to the new year to come with him ... 
Hey to everyone my phone was shut off so I haven't gotten anything from anyone so if ur tryn to reach me get a hold of my family n they'll pass it on to me or try n fb me ill try n get on asap k thanks yall 
Anyone wanna come to my adult toy party tonight its . At 7pm call me if u wanna come 320-444-3281 
just wanted to say thank you to everyone that wished me happy birthday ... i had a great day ... love you all .... mwa ! 
