Going to the hometown for a quick visit ! can't wait to hit lake Michigan ! 

don't want to go back to school ...... Im already worrying about it . 
My eye just swelled up like someone hit me . it's pretty gross . Why do I have to get all the freaky eye issues ? 
I wish I had 12 fingers instead of 10 , then maybe I'd be really good at activities involving my hands . playing the piano , potter , football .... maybe I would do some of these things if I had 12 fingers . or maybe not . who's to say ? 
is wondering what else she can eat 
It may be cold , but I'm ready for some outdoor activities 
10 more days until Mexico ! Yeah ! 
2 more days until vacation ! whoohoo ! 
I loove to sneeze . Why does it feel like that ? 
is super bad ass . 
is going to see New < PROPFEMALE > on Wednesday ! Oh yeah ! 
I know it just started being really cold , but I'm ready for some summer lovin'- \Grease\ " style . ( With < PROPFIRST > of course ) " 
Going home to michigan- too much snow to miss again . Can't wait to see my real old man . I call him Paps . 
I bet a bunch of you didn't know this , but after playing a nasty game of Risk , I am the new world leader 
So , I'm thinking of become a supervillian . Any suggestions ? 
This snow is pretty sweet . I played in it today- made a snow fort and tried to throw snowballs . Good stuff , but might be better for snowcones . Can eating snow hurt you ? Pollutents and all ..... 
I am so tired of snow cones . NO more snow . I\LL EAT DIRT CONES AS LONG AS WE DON\ " T HAVE ANY MORE SNOW ! " 
It's time for ...... water balloons . Frozen .... 
It's raining .... crazy . 
I had too many snow days and now .... I want another one . 
thinks it's time for a hair cut and wilderness adventures . 
wants to know : Has anyone seen the movie \Gentlemen Broncos ? \ " I thought it was hilarious ! and wierd . " 
I'm a driver , I'm a winner , things are going to change I can feel it . 
Its pretty nice out . Jesus would have been pleased with the Easter turn-out . 
I have 5 days left of student teaching . Let the countdown commence . 
It is sooooooo nice outside ! 
I got a new job ! 
So I sneezed around 50 times yesterday and really wish I had documentation on it . It was amazing and I was super tired afterward . Sneezing sure can take a lot out of you . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wedding this weekend , canoeing the next ! It could only get better if < PROPFEMALE > got married in a canoe . At least I'd like it . 
I'm going canoeing . I love nature ! 
need to clean , but just can't get the gumption to do it .... I'll eat cookies instead . 
So I mowed the lawn with the bejankety mower and somehow managed to slice off an arm ..... or maybe just get a couple cuts from the < PROPFEMALE > bush . 
THanks to everyone for the birthday wishes . I had an awesome birthday weekend . Went out for kareoke on Friday , where I refused to drink a shot of < PROPFIRST > Daniels and was ridiculed ( < PROPFIRST > K ) and stood up for by loyal friends ( thanks < PROPFEMALE >!) and spent Saturday kayaking the beautiful and crowded Whitewater river . It was wonderful ! 
So- Saturday night , I woke up when a bat had made his way into my room . I closed the doors , found a mop and a garbage bag and climbed on my bed . Together , the cats and me managed to usher the bat downstairs , into the hall and out the front door . Remember the episode of \The Office\ " where < PROPMALE > captures the bat using a bag over some woman's head ? Two words for you : \ " You're welcome . \"" 
4 more days till school starts . Goodbye summer . I loved you . Even if you were way too hot . 
First week of school went alright . Now I'm planning the second . 
tired soooo tired 
I'm stuffed up , but ready to work ! 
bad day . kids were negative . don't blame them . It's hot- its still summer ! 
Going canoing and hanging with the family this weekend . 
House hunting ! YEAH ! 
So I was almost attacked by a dog today . I was really scared and I screamed all high pitch-like . I felt stupid and realized I should just punch that dog right in the teeth . Now I wish I had . I really am not a big fan of dogs . 
Going to < PROPMALE > if anyone's in the old neighborhood . I'll be there until Friday . Hit me up ! Any old airforce buddies still there ? 
Back from D-town , Colorado . Had a great time ! Now I'm looking forward to < PROPFEMALE>'s visit , blue shutters mini reunion and ARUBA in three weeks ! 
It's a dark and spooky night . Time for some blankets and some SVU reruns ! 
yeah new glasses 
In honor of veterans day , I am posting my old military photo . Although I may not always agree with the government or military action , I will honor those who fought and risked their lives . Thanks Veterans ! 
Leaving for a cruise on Thursday ! Just have to finish my lesson plans so my students are still getting their education ! Whoo hoo ! 
I'm back from my va-ca . I am not pleased with the weather , but I'm cuddling with the cats right now and it feels pretty good to be home . I could have stayed another week though . 
Name this quote : \It's wet ain't it ?! Drink it ! \"" 
Why do they keep changing facebook ?! I get used to it and BAM ! It's different . I guess that's life though huh ? Chandler , if you see this , I just read your technology paper ! 
I just watched \Love Actually . \ " Sigh . I love christmas break ! " 
When I'm working , all I want is a few extra hours for sleeping . Now that I have a holiday break from teaching , I'm not tired ! I can't sleep ! 
Got back from Spain and Italy late last night . Glad to be home but wasn't quite ready to leave ! 
