You ever feel like total crap for absolutly no reason ? 

I need to make sure that I grab the ABU top with 4 stripes ... not 3 
You know what sucks ? Hitting a deer on the highway after spending 3+ hours washing/waxing your car ... No , that did not almost happen in a way , I almost hit the pile of leftovers though . 
So , new rims/tires ( at least $1700 ) or a new Euro trunk ( at least $800) ? 
nothing makes you feel quite as comfortable as arriving home to 4 AAC Squad Cars parked outside your apartment ... 
It is 7:10 pm , and I am up later then I was last night . That sad hu ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Mans < PROPFEMALE > next year , any takers ? 
feels like death on a trisket 
Someone needs to tell me what I want for dinner !!!! 
New Trunk is on the way !!! :D 
someday I will actually get my car in a show .... I can already write off next season .... but that will give me monies for the following year . The possibility of 40k earned next year is rather appealing . 
This is just a friendly reminder to all of you that I will be out of the country till ( hopefully ) only the 10th of July . 
Packing for the 3rd trip to The < PROPMALE > ! 
The Stan .... FTW ! 
I'm baaaaack 
I am feeling like going to the Mall because i have nothing else to do today . 
just randomly cleaned my tub . 
I am soooo friggin excited over my new running shoes ! 
I just went runnin on my own and despite it was for no more then 1.5 miles .... I still feel GREAT !!!!! 
I just randomly passed out for 4 hours 
HRD ! 
Where the piss is my trunk ?! 
MLB All < PROPFEM < PROPMALE > E > Game ! GO < PROPMALE > !!! 
My future holds for me only my car and maybe a dog ... 
Is seriously looking at a dog right now . 
WOOT ! My trunk gets here the 18th ! 
Ekke Ekke Ekke Ekke Ptang Zoo Boing Zow Zing 
Its saturday , its 6:30 am , and I am up ..... what is wrong with this picture ? 
Drinking is amazing ! :D 
Today : Trunk in the trunk . Tomorrow : Trunk on the car . Everyday after that : SEXY CAR ! 
MYTHBUSTERS ! 
I do believe that the new HP is more of a waist of 2 1/2 hours then anything else . Sorry ! And let the h8tin start ....... NOW ! 
Trunk on ... car sexy 
Nachos at work : Great at the time . Nachos from work later on that night : not so great . :( 
Induktion GTG .... bad to the ass . 
Picts up from Induktion ... check em out . 
You know what is amazing , scratching your neck only to feel 0 Grit Sandpaper . 
FINALLY USED MY FRENCH PRESS ! :D 
Watching Se7en .... creepy ! 
Holy crap ! Did you know that < PROPFIRST > Springer has dual British and American Citizenship ?! 
i think i'm loved .... :D 
feels like total crap right now . 
Going to bed . Being sick and having really crappy indigestion sucks . Rosemary .... quiet you ! :p 
Going to West VA for the weekend , if you don't hear back from me by Tuesday , that means that I have been skinned alive and eaten by the Hill People . Soon they will make a bad teen horror movie about me . I will miss you all . ( except < PROPFEMALE > ) 
I am back from some serious Class V White Water Rafting .... BOYA ! 
suckage = life + work / deployments + TDYs ( wait ) - TDYs ( wait again ) + TDYs + confusion + stress x f(x ) uncertainty 
I would just like to point out the fact that the world as a whole sucks . 
\Can we still be friends ? \ " The worst question on earth ! " 
girls suck . time to get a dog ! 
At the range allllll day . What better way to spend a friday ?! 
cleaning the apartment , folding laundry , watching Firefly , and waiting for my damn pizza to get here ! 
$200+ BGE < PROPMALE > !!! * tear * 
In CO biznitches !!! 
Co Springs is AMAZING !!! 
So , I get back to MD on Sunday , and probably going to be leaving by Wed/Thurs next week for Afghanistan ( again ) , anyone want to do anything ?!?! 
Should be back in MD by 11:30 tomorrow afternoon , my apartment by noon , and drunk by 1 . w00t for plans ! :D 
HOME ! ( for the next two days ) 
You ever feel that just by getting up and going to work , that you are walking into a trap that is totally going to screw you over ? 
Ok , so , here is the DL now ..... Leaving in two weeks now for six months . Yeah , I know ... 
PETE'S DRAGON IS COMING TO DVD !!!!!!! 
w00t ! I am not leaving tomorrow now !!! 
Thinking of an S4 when I get back .... someone please stop me . 
I just realized that I am now going to miss Halloween , Thanksgiving , Christmas and New Years .... AGAIN . 
Beer : the single greatest invention ....... ever . 
There is no greater feeling in the world then that fresh from the shower clean feeling while kicking your feet up on the coffee table and drinking a nice Boston based beer and watching Ghost Hunters . Ahhhh the life . :) 
Everyone be afraid .... I have a line number 
Ok , so someone who knows me just called me to congratulate me on my promotion .... I have no idea who it was .... 
I was just tired as hell , but as soon as I crawled into bed , I could not sleep . There is no beer in the house to help me fall asleep either . * cry * 
oh and one more thing : it is 11:20 at friggin night and there are 14 of you online ! Geeze , nice to know I am not the only night owl on here .... 
Ok , I am going to go to the MVA and try and get me a MD license ... wish me luck ! 
Naps = Amazing 
You want to see Inglourious Basterds ... and you want to see it NOW ! 
Saturday ... that means doing the domestic thing .... laundry , cleaning carpets , dishes , dusting , vacuuming and otherwise cleaning the apartment ... ugh . 
I woke up today to find cookies in my pants pocket .... greatest morning ever ! 
Someone either needs to kill me or come over and help me clean , this is redonkulious ! 
It is 6:30 pm on a saturday night , where are you ?! Well , I am sitting on my sofa watching a movie ... fun . Not really . And it is raining . Not cool . Just waiting for power to go out now . 
14-1 Final ! GO SOX ! 
Reading www.textsfromlastnight.com and feeling both better and worse off about my life , how is that even possible ? 
Urge to drunk dial growing .... trying to focus on < PROPFEMALE > Wars ...... must not dial .... must not IM .... AAARRRRGH ! 
Why is it that Sundays have the WORST TV line up ? 
Leftover Chinese food and beer .... FTW ! 
there are times that just make you stop and wonder how is it that things happen the way they do .... 
Oh my god , i just randomly woke up from a random nap .... guess my body is getting ready for next week already ? I need food . 
Oh , and to add to my total dose of daily confusion .... how about getting a job offer from someone who you dont know what they do , where they are , WHO they are , but they know everything about you and having a number come up on caller ID that is not a legit number anywhere ? 
Shower , clean , pack , BWI , pack , clean , lunch , clean some more , go out , bed . Sound like a plan for the day ? 
Hurray for bad movies on SciFi !! 
RIP Grandpa Bill .... I will miss you . 
I am going out for a drive , maybe it will help me clear my head ... 
< PROPFIRST > Springer just did an ad for < PROPFEMALE > Ford !!! 
I feel so lost right now , I need to hurry up and get out of the country . I hope that they don't keep me here long . :( 
Now leaving NEXT monday 
I am going to need a ride to Dulles monday , anyone up for the job ? 
Ok , change in plans AGAIN .... I will need a ride to Dulles on TUESDAY ( That is the 8th for those of you who are to lazy to look at a calender ) . I need to be there by 8:40 pm 
Feels like total crap 
Thinking about getting a bunch of people together for dinner on sunday ... probably someplace like D&Bs at the mall , anyone game ? 
just got up .... yeah , its 1:30 in the afternoon and I just got up ..... w00t !!!! 
ALL : Did not really get enough people to say yes for tomorrow night at D&Bs ... so I am going to put that on hold till when I get back next year . Thanks though ! :) 
Is it just me , or is < PROPFIRST > Antwerpen crazy ? 
Sunday = Cleaning = ugh 
I am the MAN ! I have only ONE bag for my trip monday ! One CHECK-IN bag ! BOYA ! 
Holy crap ... I actually did pretty good on my SKT and PFE test .... DAMN ! 
Red vs Blue .... nuff said 
TAPS ( Ghost Hunters ) is investigating Belcourt Castle !!! 
You ever have a feeling that you maybe walking into a < PROPMALE > cluster ? 
Oh , how many people here have an iPhone ? Seriously ?! 
Well guys .... this should be it till I get settled in Forward . Dinner tonight and from there .... Dulles for the longest flight on earth to Doha , and unknown amount of time stuck IN Hell , then six months of fun in the sun ! Talk to you all as soon as I can ! 
Qatar ... it's hot . 
3 hours @ PAX terminal ... i need an iPhone and a connection to the network .... or a beer . 
Here is my addy out here in case anyone wants it : < PROPFIRST > Hallock CJTF 82/C12 CSG APO , AE 09354 
lets try this again : Line 1 : < PROPFIRST > Hallock Line 2 : CJTF 82/C12 Line 3 : CSG Line 4 : APO , AE 09354 
CHANGE IN ADDRESS ! lets try this again : Line 1 : < PROPFIRST > Hallock Line 2 : CJTF 82/CJ2 Line 3 : CSG Line 4 : APO , AE 09354 ..... Note the change in line 2 from CI2 to CJ2 !!!! 
525,600 minutes , 525,000 moments so dear . 525,600 minutes - how do you measure , measure a year ? In daylights , in sunsets , in midnights , in cups of coffee . In inches , in < PROPMALE > , in laughter , in strife . In 525,600 minutes - how do you measure a year in the life ? 
Look , I find some of what you teach suspect , because i am use to relying on intellect , because I try to open up to what I don't know , because reason says I should have died three years ago . There's only us .... there's only this ... forget regret , your life is yours to miss , no other road , no other way , no day but today .... 
You know something ? The world would be a better place if people just broke out in song days ... 
As I look at all of your Facebook status ... about 2/3 of them are H2O related ... and I am here ! NOOOOOOOO !!!!!! 
Rediscovering my love of Coheed & Cambria 
166 days left ! 
165 Days Left 
Someone needs to explain to me why I am looking at R32s .... 
I manage to get a crazy ammount of extra sleep last nite , how am i still tired in the morning ???? 
Hope you all are having fun in OC this weekend ! Stay safe ! Next year , I swear I am going to go too ! 
What the heck gives with the NFL and retroness this season !!?!? 
Uh ohs .... my laptop does not want to charge anymore .... 
Is it March yet ? 
Things in life that suck : Papercuts under your fingernail , having an itch that does not seem to go away no matter how much you scratch , being starving at a grocery store , your iPod loosing its charge an hour into a 4 hour cardrive , and getting sick in a combat zone . 
Back from the field ! w00t ! 
Here is what I need to you all to do .... get an older TDI , take it apart and start mailing it to me here . I am stuck < PROPMALE > from everthing else on this base and they took our truck away . Winters SUCK when you have to walk everywhere . 
How is it that hours after our burn , my head hurts ? 
Have you ever sat down and wondered , if just for a moment , if there is a point in your existance ? I don't mean in a greater spiritual sence , but rather , if you have been put here for a purpose ? Even if it is just to touch someones life in such a way , that it changes the course of their lives ? Or are you meant to do something great ? To be apart of something that had a profound impact on the world around you ? 
You have got to love it when you are told one official thing and then when you ask for details on that later on , the overall answer that you get is differnt and then when you try and get to the bottom of that , you are yelled at . Fuck the military . 
I need to spend a DAY at Camp Cunningham ... need to get my pay issues resolved ( not getting paid for being here ) , my promotion problems resolved ( My squadron is being gay ) and start the process for cross training ( I hate my job ) . 
So , I have now decided that I am not allowed to deploy , because it seems that whenever I come out here , SOMEONE gets engaged ... * phil I am looking at you * .... I need to stop this madness !!! 
I would also like to point out that I hate Haji and his poor timing for trouble . Because of his actions here in Kabul today , I am stuck . 
Kabul still .... FTW ? 
71 Farmville gift resquests and COUNTING ! I am POPULAR ! 
I feel so dirty pulling for a NL team ... I think I need to take a shower with disinfectant or something . 
< PROPFIRST > Idol is a music genius ! 
columbia.com is EVIL ! 
Lets do the time warp again !!!!! 
Umbridge is such a biotch !!! 
Oh my god ... soooo many rim choices ! 
Touring the Afghan Countryside again . You know , if it was not for all the land mines , possibility of being kidnapped , or shot , this place would actually be a rather amazing country . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars after a long day .... perfect ! 
CHROME IS OUT FOR < PROPMALE > ! 
10 December = Month 3 of 6 .... offically 1/2 done ! 
Amazon is amazing : Got told by Amazon that they could not send me something to an APO box .... two weeks later I get said item in the mail and i never paid for it !!! 
Somethings in life may seem so friggin small , but they piss me the F off < PROPFEMALE > much because others make such a friggin big deal out of it . 
98 Farmville requests ! FTW ! 
On the road again ... 
Ok , while I love the help with Farmville .... i can't access it out here . I have over 100 requests pending already ! 
My watch just broke !!! :( 
You know you are in the military when you are excited over new boots ... 
Holy crap ! Im ..... HAPPY for once ! 
I DON'T LIKE THE NEW AF PORTAL !!!!!!!! 
I hate you all back home .... you and all the snow . :( 
Oh , so this is cloud 9 ? Nice ! 
Yeah , it is pretty much official .... i'm in love . there I said it . 
December 25th .... another one has come and gone .... another year has past us by .... time to reflect on who we have gained , who we have lost , what we have done , and what we have yet to do .... 
I know it is getting late for all of you back home , I hope that you all had a wonderful Christmas this year . Enjoy the time off , stay safe and get ready for news years !!! 
From TFLN : (+93 ): dude im shwasted , kabul is not the best place for this 
HOLY EFFIN SHIT ! I GET TO PROMOTE IN JANUARY !!!! 
the iPod is hooked up to the TV .... WIN ! 
I am going to beat you all to new years ! HA ! 
Happy New Year everyone ! ( Its 12am here now ) 
Is it just me , or are \Fan\ " sites here on facebook getting dumber and dumber ? " 
WTF Brady .... wtf ? 
I feel like ASS ! Ate too much :( 
Stupid Haji ... jacking up my plans AGAIN . grrr . 
KAF .... BOOOOOO ! 
Manning needs to die a bloody death .... 
Holy cow ! Back at BAF . Leave again the 31st . Almost done !!!! 
I LOVE the score to Jurassic Park !!! 
LOVE the VW NCS ! I WANT ONE !!!!! 
Everyone be safe while driving back home ! I know that the snow must suck ! 
Excitment , adventure , a Jedi craves not these things ... 
The Army SUCKS ! 
Someone needs to explain to me all the pictures of celebs on all your profiles !!! 
Everyone's on Facebook today ! Looks like nobody has anything to do this weekend . hahah . 
Holy crap , i just accidently deleted all my < PROPMALE > list on aim ... i fail . :( 
Listening to these FSOs and other Diplomatic people here at the Embassy is really annoying ... I much prefer talking with Operators . 
List of important things I need to get when I get home : Stage 2 Clutch and flywheel , Limited Slip Diff , Prints for living room , dresser , dining room set , chairs for living room ... importance in that order . 
Tip of the day : Never put a sock in a toaster 
omgwtflolzbbq ?!?! 10 more days till I am home ?! Holy whatshisface !!!! 
Yay , finally filed the taxes ! Yay for a shitty return ! Yay for a new Clutch and Flywheel though ! :D 
Seven 
Want to get a new camera for the show season this year , any ideas ?!? 
You are all are sooooo bitchin ! You know what else is bitchin ? ROCK AND ROLL !!! 
It's not ADHD .... it's random multi-tasking 
Qatar ... it's HOT ... that is all 
M-TEN80s this summer ????? Sure why not ?!? 
Back home in MD all nice and safe . Time for bed ! 
Soul searching is a painfull path ... 
Just found iTunes U and am going CRAZY with downloading free lectures !!! 
I would like to announce my dislike for the new AF Portal ... I NEED my damn ID to get to ANYTHING now ... looks like I am ordering a CAC Reader ! 
I am pretty sure that i just saw a pedophile be arrested on 174 near an elementary school ... 
Because EA and Portal are all being gay at the same time , I now have to either a ) show up to the office SOMETIME during work hours this week or b ) loose a week of vacation ... 
Why does 3pm seem so early , but 4pm seem so late ? 
Dear Facebook : you suck at alerting users to when there is something new on their walls , when someone has replied to anything that a user has said , or when they have new mail . Please fix . Thank you ! 
Beer , Bed , Blah ! 
yeah , i JUST woke up from my nap .... 5 hours later baby ! 
CEL FTL ! 
Quick , I need someone to talk me out of getting a custom paint job ! 
I am so sending my < PROPMALE > or my CAC reader i just bought to my Squadron ... that just seems so wrong that i have to buy one . 
I want pancakes ... 
FINALLY ! I know what is causing my crappy idle !!! 
Can't sleep to save my soul tonight . Back in the living room and time for a movie . Any suggestions ? 
Drinking till 4am and sleeping till 2pm ... two words : Perfect Weekend 
... has decided to break down and clean the apartment . That means dishes , dusting , putting things away , vaccuming and steaming the carpet , washing dirty laundry , putting clean laundry away , taking out the trash , cleaning the bathroom , the kitchen ..... so much for a nice day outside . 
4 or 5 hours outside washing the car ... totally tired . The engine bay is clean too !!! 
Best PT test since basic .... EPIC ! 88/91 !!! 
Finally gets my rental ride today ! Thank GOD ! 
Pissed I can't make it to the cruse tonight , I have an apartment to show in like 45 minutes . :( 
ALM Long Beach GP 
Not class commander and my car is done today !! Today is pretty much bad ass !! 
Screw maintenance supervisors that think that they can try and sound \tough\ " with me . You SERIOUSLY think that you can make me scared by trying to sound all tough in front of your people ? You want me to feel sorry for having someone try and get INTO my apartment which had POWER OF ATTORNY over all my crap ? They dont HAVE to be on the lease then ! Jackass . Go to night school and learn something . " 
Hey everyone : just letting you all know that I am not ignoring any of you , or don't want to < PROPFEMALE > out with anyone , but over the next 5 weeks , I am going to be super busy with my PME class and probably won't be able to go out hardly ever or really do anything at all . 
Does anyone in MD know if it is illegal to have both EU and MD/US plates on a car at once ? Keep in mind the MD/US plates are clearly attached to the front and rear of the car and are clearly visable to law enforcement vehicles . 
All due respect to any and all MPs out there ... but you all suck . Like really ? Do you all hate your jobs soooo much that you have to take your anger and depression out on everyone else on base ?!?! 
Next car : 911 or S4 ? 
So ... I am actually enjoying the challenge of bullet writing ... does that make me wierd ? 
Rain , Thunder , and lightning !!! YAY !!!!! 
Must see < PROPFIRST > Hood .... 
I really need to stop slacking and get back to my reading !!!! 
Stupid USPS deciding that I don't live here anymore and stopping my mail ... 
BOYA ! Homework done before 8 ! I am THE MAN ! 
OMG Tonight just seems to be a never-ending series of WTF ?!?! 
8am ... time to start the day 
Post office is packed !! 
Hot ... as ... hell ! 
uh ohs ... dont feel so good .... 
im bored ! Someone be online !!! 
Neck killing me .... totally slept wrong ! 
You ever just feel totally messed up inside where everything makes total sence and is also completely confusing all at the same time ? 
Is anyone else annoyed aith the new Toyota Avalon ads ? I am tired of this retro 40's < PROPFEMALE > crap that they are trying to pass for an ad . 
Maybe it will make sense someday . I just hope I care by then . 
Sometimes , no matter how hard you pray , no matter how much you want , no matter how hard you try , somethings just are not going to happen for you 
allergies = suck 
\You are within 120 days of your Date of Separation 9/6/2010 and the \ 
Sunday afternoon lunch : Panera Bread . Also , someone on 4Square decided to spell it PanAra bread , and not PanEra Bread . FAIL . 
Fallen in love with Eureka ! 
This just in : Girls like guys who stand near flames 
TORNADO WARNING FOR AA COUNTY ?!? 
My throat is killing me . This can't be good ... 
Holy crap ! Going to wash the car today ! 
Todays to do list :\ 
\ 
Be bad ass ( always)\ 
Clean Mieke ( done)\ 
Clean Apartment ( getting done)\ 
Do Homework ( ugh)\ 
Get food ( yummies)\ 
Be even more of a bad ass ( every day ) 
Gonna < PROPMALE > the car tomorrow evening ! :D 
I really need to stop looking for car parts ... Tires , Rims , Manifolds , Pistons , Rods ... oh my ! 
Seriously , I think that ALS can be reduced to watching Band Of Brothers ... Every single time that I watch this , I want to be a better NCO . 
If it's not one damn thing it's another these days ... just make it all stop , please . 
OH MY GOD ! I love it when I think that i have homework and I start working on an old file and realize that I have already done it !!!! 
I'm bored ! 
Graduating Thursday . THANK GOD ! I can get my life back . 
Shreader : Greatest 25 dollars spent EVAH !!! 
Gonna get SCREWED on Auto Insurance now ! FML ! :( 
Is it ok to have liability only auto insuance in MD while you are leasing a car ? 
So i have decided that I am going to go though with my plans ... i don't care what my leasing office says . I am moving at the start of next month , I am giving away almost all of my furniture , I am changing insurance policies , I am moving on , I am starting anew , I am getting a new phone number , I am restarting it all in hopes that it will all be better . Wish me luck ! 
Being totally productive in m \F-you life I do what I want\ " mood . Getting rid of stuff that is over 5 years old . I have closet space again !!!! " 
Productiveness is all out of me ... now am bored and tired and kinda hungry . 
Need good roadtrip ideas ... GO ! 
Tis about time for bed tonight . Night all and catch you all tomorrow ! 
Number one crappy way to wake up : 4 point OT loss . 
the entire apartment is shaking with the paving outside ! 
Vacation Idea decided : Driving to Key West ! 
Three words : \Command Directed Appointment \"" 
Why in gods name am I looking for sidearms ?? 
Packing and cleaning SUCKS !!!! But also sooooo worth it ! :D 
Did it storm last night , or was that my imagination ? 
Oh my god ! on a J . Geils Band kick this morning !!! 
Things are looking up for once !!!! :D 
Kicking ass and taking names ! CC Paid off , Dress in the HHR , Body Shop paid , moving out Monday , DA386 Tracked Down , going out tonight and SyFi movie on now . Perfect !!!! 
Last night ... wow . :) 
I think I know what being in a blender feels like ... I have no idea what time or day it is , nor do I really think I know where I am at this moment in time . Damn drinking !!!! ^_^ 
I want Ice Cream ... like BAD 
Today is the day ... the start of an epic move .... and it's Sunday . 
Goonies is on !!! :D 
Slight change in plans ... moving NEXT weekend ... oh well . No biggie . :) 
GOING TO AUSTRALIA !!!! :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Fact : The Goonies is 25 years old 
Meat Loaf is on Ghost Huunters .... that is so much epicness that my tv might explode ... more to follow . 
Til the end like a friend stands by you again/And I wouldn't change a thing/Toe to toe , friend or foe , it's all that I know/And I wouldn't change a thing 
So ... Andrews has a pretty sweet hospital . 
So there I was , in my new room unpacking some clothes when I looked up at my dresser and it started getting bigger in my eyes , then it hit me . 
You ever have your entire life packed up in boxes all over your home and you stop and think of the memories then realize that you have none ? 
And so the epic day starts ... 
Oh my god so tired ... But all moved and mostly unpacked ! Not bad for a days worth of work . 
Bored and waiting for laundry to be done so I can go home . 
Move : DONE ! 
Allergies killed me today . Napping . Leave message . 
Now that I am alive ( for the most part ) if anyone needs my new address let me know ! 
Gone from feeling miserable because of allergies , to feeling like total crap because of allergies ... ugh . 
You ever feel so lost , but not know what you are lost from ? 
How bout them blackhawks ?!?!? 
Cross your fingers that I get my car back Monday ... this HHR is getting damn old . 
Has decided that when he gets back from the next overseas vacation ... Mieke is getting at least 350 ... if not 400 at the wheels . :D 
LeMans .... all day and all night baby ! I miss my HDTV :( 
I can't find my flight cap ! * sadface * 
Thanks for all the sun orbatial anniversary wishes everyone ! :D 
Ugh , time to start another hellish week I guess . G'Night all ! 
Still no car !!! :( 
was this \National Change Your Profile Picture\ " Day ? " 
Failsauce !!!! Still no car ! 
F*ck ! STILL no damn car ! F*CK YOU VW ! You REALLY screwed me over with your f*cking crappy ass parts department not getting off their damn asses to get the parts out on time , then the RIGHT parts THEN spending as little as you can on a CRAPPY shipping company . 
I never thought that being so pissed off can be so draining on a soul . But let me tell you all something , it sure as hell can be . I really feel like my life has been sucked out of me through a straw ( at least it was a bendy , twisty , fun straw ! ) . 
Another weekend of cleaning and moving . You know what would be nice ? going for a drive in my OWN DAMN CAR ! 
I really think that I can get very useto my new little corrner of the world . :) 
Really cleaning the new room for the first time ! :D 
I need to get the urge to get outta bed and take a shower . Still have some stuff to do today ! 
Mmmm first proper breakfast in a long time . Cereal with strawberries , scrambled egg whites with provalone cheese and < PROPFEMALE > ham and a glass of orange juice ... Oh yeah , mostly organic too . ^_^ 
Mmmmm Grilled Chicken , Veggies , Italian spices and some pasta . I think this whole cooking thing may not be that hard after all ... ;) 
I am praying to the car gods that I get an answer about my car tomorrow and a date at with I will get it back ... 30 days Tuesday .... 30 FRIGGIN DAYS without my car ! 
Finding WAAAY to many people from work on here ... becoming slightly uncomfortable ... I am not suppose to see them outside of work being normal people !!! 
BTW ... HAVE MIEKE BAAACCCKKKKK !!!!!! 
Off to STBX then GTG . OMG with a < PROPFEMALE > !!!! No more HHR for mezzz ! :D 
HAHAHAH :\ 
C3PO : Don't blame me . I'm an interpreter . I'm not supposed to know a power \ 
socket from a computer terminal . \ 
Sooooooo true ! Silly linguists ... 
So many marriages ... AHHHH ! 
Need hiking/biking < PROPMALE > ( need bike and bike rack too ... that is to come after Australia ) 
Looking for a mountain bike , getting ready to say goodbye to at least 650 bucks . 
Fuck ... it ...... ALL ! 
oooOOOoooOO Just got an application for a kick ass job !!!! 
Finally made it to LAX . Next stop : < PROPFIRST > ! 
Made it all nice and safe to Australia . After missing one flight and getting lost ... finally made it to the sweet ass hotel ! 
There is nothing like spending the 4th of July in another nation who was once part of the British Empire , and a destination for convicted criminals at that . I love this country ! Hope you all have a safe and happy 4th of July weekend ! 
Sydney = epic amazingness ! 
Figures that my body would get useto the time here with only 3 days left ... going to work monday is going to SUCK ! Dunken Donuts here i come ! :D 
Last full day in AUS . Will be home sunday . I do miss my bed . 
Tomorrow I am off on a plane , Don't expect to hear from me till Sunday afternoon ! :D 
3G here at SFO sucks !! 
For anyone that might be wondering , I am now back home in bed . God this was a long day and will be even a longer week ... god help me . 
11 ? 11 Yellows ??? Are you KIDDING me ?!?! 
Opinion poll : Gut Mieke and go for 400whp or tweak what I have to get 350 ? gut = more $$ and time , tweak = less . 
Pictures from Australia up ! Wow , I took a lot ... and all from my iPhone ! :D 
RIP : < PROPMALE > Sheppard , the \Voice of God \"" 
Attempt at going to bed : 1 ..... FIGHT ! 
can I please get back to Afghanistan where life is easier and simpler ? 
Dear thunderstorm : Either Rain or GTFO ! 
YouTube you are a curse ! Spending too much time surfing random videos !!! 
So whos going to Waterfest this weekend ? Anyone meeting up before hand ? 
nothing is more annoying then getting a telamarketer phone call ... AND IT BEINING IN EFFING SPANISH ! SPEAK ENGLISH AT LEAST OR GTFO ! 
IM hungry , where do i want to eat dinner ? 
Next stop : Cloud 9 . Please watch your step when disembarking the elevator amd please have a nice day . Thank you . 
Oh my god ... with the epic failsauce that is today please just come to an end ?! Thank You . 
Make Love not Warcraft !!! 
I have way to much crap in my head right now to go to sleep .... god help me tomorrow ... 
Made it to Andrews in record time ! 
You got to love almost being hit head on by a dumb yuppy mom in here huge luxery suv who thinks that she can do 40 in a PARKING garage and fly around corrners . 
4.0.1 ! w00t ! 
I see that many of you have had some pretty good weekends this weekend . I want to wish you all the best and hope that your good fortune lasts over into the coming weeks . For you who have not had great weekends this weekend , your in our thoughts and hope that things get better for you all real soon . :) 
So that was a random storm ... 
So ... totally joined a gym ... 
V.A.G. Fair ' 10 and H2Oi ' 10 ... here I come ! Even if it kills me . 
In all seriousness , who is going to VAG , H2Oi , and/or DOTB ? I REALLY want to get to these shows and was hoping I could tag along with anyone else going . Please let me know . Also , figure I get enough heads up time in case I need to take leave . :D 
Why do i all of a sudden have a feeling of dread or failure ??? WTF ?!?! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > vs big ass fish tank ... round 1 ! 
Ok , anyone else who upgraded their 3G or 3GS to 4.0.1 running into issues too ? 
Fu mother nature ... fu 
AM GTG 
Who wants to see the Expendables ? 
Out and about with a pretty amazing girl . :) 
4 225/40R18 < PROPFEMALE > Specs : 923.96 \ 
4 TEN85-S : 849.94 \ 
Finally something unique : PRICELESS ! 
woo hoo for the Po-Po ! 
HEY ! Anyone going to H20 and has not yet booked a hotel or something , let me know ! I am trying to avoid just getting a random place on my own , seeing as how I have never been before ! :D 
Getting new rims . Decided on it . Just need to work out the spacers and bolt sizes and then they are ORDERED ! 
How the EFFIN HELL do I get a BGE < PROPMALE > from an apartment that i have not been living in for TWO Months and it be over 125 FRIGGIN DOLLARS ?!?! 
:D \ 
Nuff said . hehe 
Order Confirmation : 225/40ZR -18 Dunlop Direzza Sport Z1 < PROPFEMALE > Spec :D :D 
You ever want to get angry ? You ever want to remember why we fight ? You ever want to know why I want to help kill as many of them as I can ? Watch The Kingdom . I want to help purge the word of as many of them as I can . God Help me . 
Anyone out there in need of a photographer ? Have a wedding , car GTG , or any other event that you want to capture on film ? Please hit up my friend < PROPFEMALE > at Torqued Aperture Photography . :) She does a pretty bang up job with auto shoots and weddings . Very professional job . 
Anyone down for a group shoot friday for the A-Mills Friday Night GTG crew ? Let me know ! 
Rims actually finally processed ! Turns out there was a backorder . Not really cool , but they are at least on the way . 
Anyone know of any good body shops in the Annapolis/Arnold Area ? I need to find a good RELIABLE one here . Thanks ! :) 
Registered : DOTB ! WooHoo ! Just need to find a place to stay now ... haha . 
Miami vs TB ... Clash of the not so titans . 
has the best company in the world right now :) 
Getting ready for a mondo fight between myself and the old body shop . 
Gotta love a self fixing CEL ? 
Thinking of an engine swap ... 
FU FedEx ! I want my wheels ! :( 
There is a kid at 5 Guys blasting scremo in his moms mini < PROPFIRST > with the handicap sticker in the window . Priceless . 
Wheel Day : Take 2 
New wheels ON ! Pictures to come . :D :D :D 
Anyone want to go to work for me tomorrow ? Now accepting applications . 
Home early sick = lots of facebook commenting and apparently people like my changed relationship status .... 
My soul died a little bit more today ... ok , it died a lot today . 
May give the car a quick wash today ... maybe not . 
I FOUND MY CAMERA !!! 
Headlight housing = SUCK ! 
Next weekend is gonna be CRAZY ! 
Renn Fair , pretty cool . However , there are some people that should not be allowed outside in public and/or be allowed to dress in particular outfits . 
Amazing drive in amazing weather with an amazing girl ... could not have asked for more ! :) 
ugh , work tomorrow . At least the work week is shorter . :) AND my interview is Thursday ! :D 
There something going on I don't know about ? There seems to be a lot of AAC Police and what not running around trying to look inconspicuous . 
So ... um .... front license plate was stolen . 
And the 2010-2011 NFL season begins ..... now ! 
DOTB !!! 
F-U Jets !!! 
Allergies suck . Rain Sucks . MD Drivers Suck .... so Allergies + Rain + MD Drivers = S^3 ? 
Curb : 1 , 850 dollar wheels : 0 . :( * cry * anyone know a good wheel repair place in the area here ?? 
Thanks for all the suggestions on wheel repair everyone . I have dropped it off today and crossing my fingers that it is ready by Friday . 
Have the plans for the cars next additions made . :) Looking forward to this one big time . 
Great ... just effin great ... now , in addition to cosmetic issues to my car , i have friggin mechanical issues . This fuc*ing sucks . 
F*ck you coilpacks !!! 
Military Peeps : Anyone know if we get < PROPMALE > Day off ? 
Storm !!! FTW 
Kinda sad today . Had to say goodbye to some really great people . Moving on is always an adventure , but still hard when you have worked for so long with so many great people . 
Amazing girl on the way this afternoon ? Check . Wheel done ? Check . Car Washed ? Not Yet . H2Oi weekend finally here ? Effin A Checked !!!! 
Ran into a group of VWs heading to 97 .... hmmm wonder where they are going ? :) 
Amazing\ 
girl on the way this afternoon ? Check ( but stuck in traffic , NOT COOL ! ) . Wheel done ? Check . Car Washed ? Check . Dinner plans with said amazing girl ? Check . Car Detailed ? ( 1/2 check ) H2Oi weekend finally here ? Effin A Checked !!!! 
OC bound !! 
Got to Ocean City ... let the good times start ! 
Back at home in bed ... this was an epic weekend . Amazing pure amazing . :D 
wow .... the new Sun Chip Compostable bag is loud as HELL ! 
Everyday you have been coming in here and asking me how the tuna is ... 
My crappy pictures from this weekend are up . I really need to get a good camera for next year to go along with that Stage III+ < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Why the hell do I feel like crap today ?! 
Why in effin hell do I feel so friggin blah and crappy and down ?!?! 
Exhausted from crappy traffic ? Yup . Allergies kicking ass ? Sure thing . Sunburned all to hell ? You betcha . Drained from running around during moral event ? Ditto . 
Amazing weekend of Football ! 
HOW BOUT THEM JAGS ??? No ? What about them Ravens ??!? Still no hu ? How bout the Skins so far ?!? AMAZING WEEKEND !!! 
Skyline Drive : PAID FOR ! :D 
Headlights cleared up ! FTW ! 
ummmm ........ HOCKEY SEASON FTW ! 
Pretty much an amazing evening with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . :) 
Why in gods name does this weekend have to end ?? Seriously one of the best weekends ever ! :D 
Oh my god , why does this weekend have to end ??!?! :( 
What gives with this humid blah crap again !? What happened to fall ?! 
Paranormal Activity 2 ? Really ? The first one sucked . 
Gtg 
Last hand wash of the season is done and over with .... * sigh * 
Totally exhausted after a rather fun filled weekend . :) I love having a GF like < PROPFEMALE > Baker . How amazing is it to be able to go with your GF to a sports bar and both be screaming your heads off at a football game ? :D 
there is only one sight in the world that makes me smile as big as i am smiling now , and i am looking right at her . ( that is when she gets back from her laundry ) 
Go bruins !!! 
Bad day . Week needs to end . Need vacation .... BAD ..... in fact , needs to go BACK in time , kick myself in the nuts for thinking about staying in the military and just taking my chances with the job market ... seriously , the CRAP that they are OCD about and yell at people for is just unreal . 
Just to point out to everyone ... Tony Hawk is old as SHIT now ! 
Very much just woke up from a nap .... a non-planned nap .... not a fan of those . 
... and home . 
Why am I up ? Back to bed!' 
Cowboys or Giants , who you all got ? 
2 .... 2 picks already ?!?! There is still 12 left in the first quarter !!! 
Down Payment ... MADE ! 
Tomorrow is the last full day for the next month that I will have my car .... this is gonna be SICK !!! 
WANTED : Car-Sitter . When ? From 2 < PROPFIRST > to 2 May ' 11 . Why ? I am going to be out of the area for a while and need someone to take care of my car while I am gone . Just need to make sure that the tires nor anything else on it rots , that the fluids don't settle , and that the thing still runs when I get back in May . Would LIKE to keep the car at my house or at least have it returned to my home before 
Wooo Hooo ! 6-1 baby ! Sorry < PROPMALE > J . Lugo , you got the right < PROPFIRST > , wrong order . 
I miss my car already ! This is going to be a long month ... 
ALL : I have a new phone number here . Please contact me ASAP if you want/need this new number . 
oh my god people/things/procedures are starting to piss me the hell off ... 
I want to thank all of you , military , civilian , and contractor who are doing your part to help keep this country safe , free and truly the best place to be . You are all vets in my eyes . To all my fellow brothers and sisters in iraq and Afghanistan , stay safe and know that no matter what , your country loves you and supports you . 
BoredBoredBoredBoredBoredBored 
Woo hoo my temp car died !!! 
^^ See this guy right here ? Yeah , take a good long hard look at him . You know what ? He pretty much is the luckiest guy on earth . There is one person out there who knows why this is true too . :) 
I need a HUGE favor from someone : does ANYONE have a spare car that they can let me use for at least a week ( if not two ? ) The car that I was using while decided to DIE on me for no reason . A rental car for me for ONE week would be over 400 dollars and I could really use some help .... 
I\ 
need a HUGE favor from someone : does ANYONE have a spare car that they \ 
can let me use for at least a week ( if not two ? ) The car that I was \ 
using while decided to DIE on me for no reason . A rental car for me for \ 
ONE week would be over 400 dollars and I could really use some help .... 
oh my god ... so my car journey continues : \ 
I was able to get my car ( the < PROPFEMALE > ) back for at least a few days until parts arrive at Induktion . I will still eventually need though a car though if anyone would still be able to lend me on . The only difference now is that it maybe for more then just the next week and a half . My shop told me that my car would be ready with everything done closer to the 15th of December .... 
< PROPMALE > Potter !!!!! 
Here lies Dobby , a free elf ... 
Attention Slackers : What are you all doing on Friday ? My Roommate and myself are moving and we want to know if anyone would be available Friday afternoon ? Beer and Pizza would be offered as payment to < PROPMALE > labor . :) Let me know soonest ! Thanks everyone !!!! All we are doing is moving from < PROPMALE > to Annapolis . Not more then a couple of hrs needed . 
All I can say is WOOOO HOOO !!!! Go back to the locker room and cry Manning . 
Dear\ 
Mr. President , I hear you'd like to freeze pay rates for military \ 
starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save \ 
much more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down \ 
congress members ' pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get a\ 
pay increase , why would we continue raising pay for those who take no \ 
risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree . 
Happy Turkey Day everyone !!! 
Attention RI peeps : I will be back in Rhode Island for my only trip this year from 22 to 27 December . 
Feels like a steaming pile of poo , I still need to pick up 14 ' truck that we had to have , pack said truck , pack some more of my room , do laundry , it's raining out so people will be stupid , oh it's black Friday AND I think I am either sick or my allergies decided to act up today ... just effin great . 
Moving SUCKS ! 
Here's to someday finding a home rather then just another place to live ... 
ALCON : ( yes I just said that ) I will be without the interwebz till about the afternoon/evening of the 30th . I will have my iPhone however , so you will be able to get me there . 
Nothing makes the memories of a hard and stressful day melt away quite like waking up to someone special . 
Officially a resident of Annapolis !!! 
Nothing is as hard as saying goodbye to someone you love , even if it just for a week ... 
AZ .... day one .... here goes nothing .... 
Day one done . Summery : crappy ... but pretty fun . On to day two . 
Let's go Pats !!! 
TOUCHDOWN !!! 
Some things just never get easier do they ? :( 
Ugh .... just two more days .... 
its friday !! thank god 
I just got lit the eff up .... god i had fun !!! 
Bye bye arizona !! 
Soo ... today's agenda : Washington vs Tampa Bay . :) 
Dude .... WTF ? 
F-you you damn dumbasses who can't drive in the rain and close ALL SIX LANES on 50 !!! 
Who likes mondays ? Honestly ?? 
I don't mind the cold , but really , when I am wrapped up in blankets in bed , i should not be cold anymore . 
My phone is being stupid ... some of my texts are not going out !!! :( 
How do I know the military sucks ? Today , my last day of work before 2 weeks of leave .... yeah .... f-ing FLU ! 
P . Manning : you still suck even though you found a way to keep your lackluster season lasting another week . You and the Colts should just roll over and be done with it . 
If I am getting sick again , I'm gonna punch someone in the face . 
101.7 !!! I got a fever and the only cure is more cowbell !! 
It is the little things that a lot of people do that annoy the living CRAP out of me . Come on people , there are just somethings that are not worth even doing . And if you think they are , then you need to stop and think before you do something stupid . 
Getting ready to hit the road to the Biggest Little State In the Union ! 
Possibly just made one of the worst if not the worst decision of my life .. and am lucky to be alive . 
We made it back to MD last night all safe and soud 
There are just somethings that you come across in life that cause you so much pain it makes you sick ... this is one of them . 
I just wanted to thank everyone that showed up tonight for my surprise going away dinner , and want to give a special thanks to an amazing girl for setting it up and surprising me . I love you < PROPFEMALE > Baker . :) 
Knows for a fact that he has found perfection with someone . :) looking forward to an amazing new years in downtown Annapolis this evening with her . 
Pushing through the hardest day of my life today ... how do you say goodbye to someone you love ? I know it's not forever , but that does not dull the pain . Baby , I love you more then ever , you are my rock , my drive , my world . I will be home with you soon , I promise . 
Made it 2/3 of the way there .... AUAB ... 
Shuffling to the plane ... only a 3 1/2 hr flight left .... 
So .... its cold out here . God , I already can't wait to leave this place and never return . 
I have my addy if anyone needs it . Hit me up via private message here if you need/want it . 
OMGWTFBBQSAUCE !!! 
F-you crappy weather and even crappier haji-net !!!! 
RSN Membership for 2011 ? CHECK ! 
LETS GO PATS !!! 
colds suck .... colds suck more out here . 
J-E-T-S LOST LOST LOST !!!! 
Mieke is in the shop ! :D 
So , I watched The Kingdom again today .... I want to join the FBI . 
Is more drained then I ever thought possible ... 
Some people are just heartless , selfish , * ucking pricks ... 
The day is over ... thank god . Another painful crappy day done . 
I love getting a Credit Card < PROPMALE > in for $0.00 
ALL : I am The Stig 
So .... its snowing here . 
GO SOMEONEELSEOTHERTHENTHESTEELERS !!!!!!! 
Got 7 ? No , no you don't . 
Had such a crappy nights sleep last night .... here is to hoping for a slow day today . 
I swear , I want ONE person ..... ONE PERSON to look down or otherwise think that because I come out here for only six or four months at a time , that I am not really coming out here because i am not coming out here for a combat job or for 12-17 months .... I just want ONE damn person too ..... 
I hope that ever damn jackass who thought that it was a great idea to die and to fly a plane into a building is burning in the deepest pits of hell and are in such pains that words can not describe . The pain , hurt , and hardships that you have put the entire world in are more then enough justification for any eternal damnation that you are experiencing right now . Burn in pig fat you f*cks . 
So don't give up so damn easy on the one you love , one you love\ 
Somewhere you got a brother , sister , friend , grandmother , niece or nephew\ 
Just dying to be with you You know there's someone out there who unconditionally , religiously , loves you\ 
So just hold on ' cause you know it's true\ 
And if you can take the pain\ 
And you can withstand anything , and one day\ 
Stand hand in hand with the truth 
Yay for looking like a complete incompetent fool today at passdown !!! F-it all right now .... 
So ... I have a twitter account ... I did not know this . How in gods name can I have a twitter account and NOT know this ?!?! 
Seasons 1-15 of Top Gear for 60 bucks ? Don't mind if I do ... 
Valentines day .... * grumble * 
It is getting pretty late back there .... and my FTD order still has not arrived where it is suppose to .... great , nice epic fail guys ... 
yesterday , today , and most likely the next few days are going to be those days that make me really LOVE my job . :D 
and for the record , I HATE the new FB photo viewer thingey 
So yeah , Tekken the movie .... sucks a lot . 
Today would be an AMAZING day to just beat the hell outta my car up and down a road somewhere .... but alas , I have no car , nor no road .... how about a beer ? No , I can't have that either ??! What the f*ck kinda twisted place is this ?!?! Oh wait .... nevermind . 
Today , one of the days that you feel like you just ran around the city of Boston and in the end , you feel exhausted , tired , drained , wanting to do nothing more then just crawl home and make the day go away .... and loving every minute of it . 
Ok , who wants to start taking bets before the entire Middle East goes to the dogs ? Any takers ? 
When can i go home again ? Today is just one of the days where it started off dealing with stupid people and that set the tone for most of the rest of the day . 
Oh well , time for another day of fighin the GWOTE out here ! Take care everyone and have a great night ! :) 
I am growing ever tired of this whole we want you to build this bridge but we are going to cut off your arms and legs attitude that I am getting out here . Craps getting old . You get pushed from one direction only to get pushback from another . F this sh*t . I just want to be done with it and work with people who are easier to work with ... i will work with convicts . 
Anyone going to SoWo this year have a little extra space for < PROPFEMALE > and I ? Hit me up !! 
OH MY GOD ! I have a GREAT idea for my car !!! :) heheheheheh 
I need someone with good photoshop skills please . If you could send me a PM that would be GREAT ! 
Pending prices , I have decided that I am going to make my car ..... unique for the season this year . :) 
60 done 60 to go 
GP of Baltimore Here I Come !!! 
Today is one of those days where I really hate my job . Not because it was a bad day , was actually an OK day , but it is just SOOOOO nice outside and the sky was clear , the mountains were shown in all their < PROPFEMALE > here , makes me hate having a job that keeps me in a windowless pit of ick that takes not only your soul but your right sock . 
Don't trust the federal government , I know people ! 
Just when things could not get anymore complex here .... i get screwed . 
Fuck It All .... really . 
I forgot how much I hate travel here .... although the Boardwalk is really changed ! 
As of this moment , I regret 100% re-enlisting ... 
QUICK ! Someone who knows how to read an AF RIP tell me what this means : MI/CS/TL- 48 Y 
Only a few threads left .... 
So as some of you know , but most of you dont , I am PCSing this July .... Goin to San < PROPFIRST > , TX . And no , this is NOT an April Fools day joke , I really am going . 
Pray for the power of a 2 < PROPFEMALE > .... 
