Had a great 4th with the family ! The fireworks on Lake DeGray were fanstastic this year ! 

This was a heck'uva a Monday !! 
Is it me or does the full < PROPFEMALE > make people act like fools ? 
Is determined it is going to be a good week !!! :D 
Last week in Fayetteville was great , this week is gonna be even better ... just know it !! 
Getting my hair cut today back to short and sassy !! 
Wish I was at State O'rama its a little too quiet here . 
is glad that the weekend is finally here !! 
Is about to go to bed . 
so glad to have the rain but I need to mow the lawn 
Raindrops keep falling on my head . 
I love a rainy night ... love rainy night . Don't know why all these rain songs keep popping in my head . 
I have a new found respect for FCS agents who do sewing workshops !! Helped < PROPFIRST > today and whew !!!! am I glad its over . 
Been cooking all day for Mt . < PROPFEMALE > Homecoming 
Had a great weekend at the folks , but glad to be home 
Ready to hit Panama City !! Friday can't get here quick enough . 
Is it Friday yet I am ready for the beach !! 
Panama City Beach or BUST !!! 
So did not want to come back from Panama City Beach !! 
OH How I wish I was still on the beach !! The office gremlin left a big pile on my desk for me to sort through . 
Planning another Extension year and wondering where this one went ?! 
Finished with CEC stuff ... accomplished more than I thought !! Always good , but its amazing how much you forget through out the year . 
TGIF !! Really glad its Friday ! 
Monday starting off as beautiful as the weekend ended ! 
Simple pleasuress bring great happiness ~ < PROPFIRST > Hele Brindell 
Today is going to be better than yesterday ... I am determined it will be 
Hugging is the ideal gift . Great for any occasion , fun to give & receive , shows you care , comes with its own wrapping and , of course , is fully returnable . Hugging is practically perfect . No batteries to wear out , inflation-proof , nonfattening , no monthly payments , theft-proof and nontaxable . 
Life is what we make it , always has been , always will be . ~ Grandma < PROPMALE > 
Been a long week , glad its over calling it good and going to bed 
Show Clinic over now what to do with the rest of the day ... free time not used to that . 
Sushi in T town with a great friend .. life is good . Going to end the day on a good note and go to bed . 
Foreman is starting a new Cowboy Church , went down there after our services they had a pretty good crowd for their first service . 
There's nothing better in the world than a Sunday afternoon nap . 
It is the heart that makes a man < PROPMALE > . He is < PROPMALE > according to what he is , not according to what he has . 
I love it when its cool enough outside to open the windows ... can listen to the frogs and crickets . 
When you give of yourself , you receive more than you give . 
Virus on computer all clear !! Our computer gurus are life savers !! 
Blessed are those that can give without remembering and take without fogetting . 
Go Hogs Go !! 
Young at heart- slightly older in other places . 
I know God will not give me anything I can't handle . I just wish He didn't trust me so much . ~ Mother Teresa .... it certainly applies . 
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it . 
The parts of Portland I have seen have been very pretty 
I figured after a few days out here I would get used to the time difference ... NOPE !! I will say I have seen more sun here than I did before I left Arkansas . Can't wait to get back though . 
Getting up on AR time and going to bed on OR doesn't make for a very rested me . 
People don't care how much you know . They just need to know you care . 
I am only one . But still , I am one . I cannot do everything , but still I can do something . And because I cannot do everything , I will not refuse to do the something that I can do . 
Horse can find water but a pencil must be lead . ( Non-sensical wisdom of the day . ) 
Go Hogs Beat the Aggies !! 
How about them HOGS ! 
Sometimes it takes a different perspective to remind us of the simple beauty that surrounds us everyday . Simple pleasures in life is what its all about . 
The most important thing to fill your home with is joy . 
Mindless quizzes help to wind down after doing reports all day !! Almost done will finish tomorrow when my brain turns back on . Did I mention that October sucks ? 
Do what you can with what you have , where you are . ~ Theodore < PROPMALE > 
NARRATIVE IS DONE !!! ALL 20 STINKING PAGES OF IT ! 
The worthiest cause is kindness and it is timeless . 
All end of the year crap is finally done !! Don't know if the promotion document is going to happen this year ! 
Why aren't more movies made like Lonseome Dove ? 
Thank you for calling the Weight Loss Hotline . If you'd like to lose half a pound right now , please press 1 eighteen thousand times . 
My time has always had a tendency to slip away from me and do as it pleases . My life follows , like a puppy after an untrained bird dog . Come night , my life shows up , usually covered with mud and full of stickers , exhausted but grinning happily . ~ Patick McManus 
I remember the state fair being sooo much fun as a kid ... what happened ? 
Doesn't like cold and wet at the same time ! 
Had a great day ! Thanks SS ! 
Week starting off pretty good ! 
Try smiling at others . A smile is contagious and you will feel better as others smile at you . 
We probably wouldn't worry about what people think of us if we could know how seldom they do . 
You're not old unless you get wrinkles in your heart ! 
Sometimes God calms the storm , and sometimes He lets the storm rage and calms His child . 
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs- jolted by every pebble in the road . 
Ready for this Manic Monday to over with !! 
Success is not measured by how high you fly buy how high you bounce ! 
Need to get a ryegrass demonstration in and it won't quit raining long enough to get it in getting frustrated UGH !! 
One of the side benefits of forgetting names and faces : You keep meeting new people every day ! 
Kids are like sponges . They absorb all your strength and leave you limp . Give'em a squeeze , and you get it all back . 
Healing comes when you realize the light at the end of the tunnel is not a train ! 
For somebody that claims to be a homebody I sure have been on the road alot this year and I am ready for it to stop ! 
Glad to have quiet time to relax after sitting for most of the day !! Now I remember why I hated Tuesday/Thursday classes in college . You brain can only absorb what you butt can withstand . 
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday-but not nearly enough . 
Private Pesticide Applicator Training tonight in Dierks at < PROPFEMALE > Walters Elementary School in the cafeteria starts at 6 p.m. doors open at 5:30 p.m. $10/licensee 
Never ask old people how they are if you have anything else to do that day . 
Program Review is done was painless !! woohoo ! 
I can't help but wish scientists would develop some kind of brain implant to < PROPMALE > off memory loss as we age ! 
WOOOHOOOO Found I get to go to the RAZORBACK Game tomorrow !!!!!! I'm so excited ! Who cares that we are playing < PROPFIRST > State ! Got to find my temporary HOG tatoos ! Gonna be worthless the rest of the day I fear . 
Had a great weekend with my sis , mom , niece , Ally & < PROPFEMALE > at the Razorback Game and IHOP afterwards !! 
Blessed are they who clip coupons , for they shall be redeemed ! 
Blessed are those who clip coupons for they shall be redeemed . 
Anythig can happen to me tomorrow , but at least nothing more can happen to me yesterday . 
When one door closes , another door always opens- but those long hallways are a real drag ~ < PROPFEMALE > Wooten 
For all for all of my Teen Leaders ... If you plan on going bowling Saturday please call Ms. < PROPFEMALE > and let you her know so she knows how many lanes to reserve for us . THANKS !! 
Wisdome doesn't necessarily come with age . Sometimes age just shows up all by itself . 
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist 
I hate a stupid head cold , sinuses are killing me and the really good drugs knock me out ugh ! 
Cleaning house Yeah fun ! 
A word to the wise ain't necessary . It's the stupid ones who need the advice . < PROPMALE > Cosby 
My philosophy is that we should just do our best- and laugh about the rest . We have to keep things in perspective . 
Get < PROPMALE > quick count your blessings ! 
There is not enough prilosec in the world for this game ! 
Most people have minds like concrete : mixed up or permanently set . ~ < PROPMALE > Rovin 
< PROPMALE > County 4-Her's Journal work day this Saturday from 9 a.m until ?? call to sign up if you plan on doing a Journal !!! A Cloverbud Journal workshop will be held in January . 
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber not for the toy . 
How far y ou go in life depends on your being tender with the young , compassionate with the aged , sympathetic with the striving , and tolerant of the weak and the strong - because someday in life you will be all of these . ~ George Washington Carver 
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree . In the eyes of children , they are all thirty feet tall . 
Be open-minded , but not so open-minded that your brain falls out . 
Awesome Nashville Band Concert last night !! You guys did a fantastic job ! Very proud of all my 4-Hers that were apart of the production . 
LITTLE KID'S INSTRUCTIONS ON LIFE : 1 . When your dad is mad and asks you , \Do I look stupid ? \ " don't answer him . 2 . never try to baptize a cat . 3 . Never trust a dog to watch your food . 4 . Never tell your little brother that you're not going to do what you mom told you to do . 5 . Remember you're never too old to hold your father's hand . " 
Knowledge speaks , but wisdom listens . ~ Jimi Hendrix 
Christmas ... a time for hope and realizing the miracles around you . 
Some people grow up and spread cheer ... Others just grow up and spread . 
It's not the pace of life that concerns me , it's the sudden stop at the end . 
Remember , every cloud has a silver lining ... and sometimes a bolt of lightning . 
It's no use having a good memory , unless you have something good to remember . 
Have you heard the joke about what would've happened if there had been 3 wise women instead of of wise men ? They would've stopped to ask for directions , arrived on time , helped deliver the baby , cleaned up the stable , made a casserole , & brought diapers & other practical gifts ! 
My mind contains many good ideas , but it's not always easy to squeeze one out . 
turquoise w/ leopard print trim 
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions . -- < PROPMALE > Adler 
For real .. Monday again ?! 
Life is like riding a bicycle . You don't fall off unless you stop pedaling . 
Cowboy Wisdom -- Never walk when you can ride . And never stand when you can sit . 
This is a test . It is only a test . If this were your actual life , you would be given better instructions . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
More Cowboy Wisdom ... It's a big mistake to drive black cattle in the dark . 
This is my life's motto ... Instead of critizing yourself when you do something goofy , find a way to laugh about it . 
I karate chopped a banana in a hole because Big Bird told me too and he's my leader . 
Cowboy Wisdom ... \Never squat with your spurs on . \"" 
Be open minded but not so open minded that your brains fall out . 
Pain is temporary . Quitting last forever . 
Lord , deliver us from war , pollution , and cellulite build-up . 
A well-informed person ... is somebody who has the same views and opinions as yours . 
Great opportunities to help others seldom come , but small ones surround us every day . -- < PROPFEMALE > Koch 
WOOHOO 4-H Journals on their way to Little Rock !! Maybe now I can sleep without dreaming about the darn things !!! 
There are always two choices , two paths to take . One is easy , and its only reward is that it is easy . 
I've figured out why people get gray hair . it's from worrying about their teeth falling out ! 
Useless info of the day ... It is estimated that millions of trees are planted by forgetful squirrels . 
wonders just how many meetings you can pack into one day ?? 
Don't give out advice if you can't take your it yourself . 
Looked up my name on urbandictionary.com it was there but my middle name was . I think it fits ! Noun : A woman to be loved , and treasured ! Someone that brings total bliss to your life ! A very honest , loyal , and trustworthy person ! Verb : A woman who sets your mind on fire ! Someone that blows your mind ! 
Inside every older person , There's a younger person , wondering what happened . ( Just for you Sweetpea . ) 
I'm beginning to think fundraisers is another word for slow death for those organizing them . 
Fundraiser over with ... and after it is all said and done it was well worth it ! 
Life is 10% what you make it and 90% how you take it . -- < PROPMALE > Berlin 
Please Lord all I ask for is one snow day , please , please please . 
The snow was beautiful while it was here . 
You know it's time to throw in the towel when you'd fall apart completely if it weren't for static cling ! ~ < PROPFIRST > A . Ragaway 
Anything can happen to me tomorrow , but at least nothing more can happen to me yesterday . 
Middle age is when you want to see how long your car will last ... instead of how fast it will go . 
I had to give up jogging for my health ... My thighs kept rubbing together and setting my pantyhose on fire ! 
How things would be different if men got pregnant : Maternity leave would last 2 years with full pay . There'd be a cure for stretch marks . Natural childbirth would be obsolete . Morning sickeness would rank as the nation's number 1 health problem . 
Today's forcast : Partly rational with brief periods of coherent thought giving way to complete apathy by tonight . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Weaver 
Keep smiling !! The luscious plum forgot to- and became a wrinkled prune . 
People who need to get older are much luckier than people who need to get younger ! 
This morning I cracked open an egg ... and pantyhose fell out ! 
Attitude is the mind's paintbrush . It can color any situation . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ... I am 37 for those who asked .... you start asking my weight I WILL lie to you ! :D 
I am so proud of my nieces < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > they made Goza Jazzlers not only that < PROPFIRST > made Captain !!! Congratualtions Girls !! 
Life is an adventure . < PROPFEMALE > on to your hat and scream for all you're worth ! 
The best vitamins for making friends : B1 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > were not really meant to explore the West for all those months . They simply did not want to admit ( especially in front of Sacajawea ) that they were lost . ( saw this somewhere thought it was too funny not to share . ) 
An angel is someone who brings out the angel in you . 
PRICELESS GIFTS TO GIVE FOR FREE : The gift of affection-be generous with appropriate hugs , kisses , pats on the back , and handholds . Let these small actions demonstrate the love you have for family and friends . 
Warning !!! Humor may be hazardous to your depression . 
I like to think of banana cream pie as a fruit . 
May I just say this week sucks so far ! 
Did you hear about the doorbell and the hummingbird who fell in love ? They had a little humdinger ! 
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good . Luckily that is not difficult . 
I've reached that point in life where the only thing I can exercise is caution ! 
Is still kickin ' ... what I'm not sure but kickin ' 
Signs you're getting old : Dialing long distance wears you out . 
4H Banquet was great , but glad it is over !!! You kids did a great job . 
If you do what you've always done , you'll get what you've always gotten . -- < PROPFIRST > Robbins 
True friendship comes when silence between two peopl is comfortable . 
I have discovered that < PROPFEMALE > is not the ability to wait , but to keep a good attitude while waiting -- < PROPFEMALE > Meyer 
FYI - As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites > Instant Personalization > Edit Settings and uncheck \ " Allow\ " and confirm . Please pass this on to everyone " 
Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses . -- < PROPFIRST > Washingto Carver 
PILD is pretty cool get to go to the hill Wednesday & visit legislators ! 
going to the hill today kind of excited ! 
Great News !! Laughing 100 times is the physiological equivalent to working out on the rowing machine for 10 minutes ! The problem is , once I get going , I'm afraid I won't be able to stop , and I'll laugh myself into anorexia ! 
If you laugh alot when you get older , your wrinkles will be in the right places . 
Life isn't always what we want , but it's what we got . So , with God's help , choose to be joyful . 
More Truths Brought to Us by Children :\ 
-- Don't let you mom brush your hair when she's mad at your dad . \ 
-- If your sister hits you , don't hit her back . It's always the second person who gets caught . << ( Sound familar sweetpea ) 
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii ? 
The hunger for lover is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread ~ Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides . 
When someone tells me there is only one way to do things , it always lights a fire under my butt . My instant reactionis , \I'm going to prove you wrong ! \ " -- Picabo Street \ 
I have found at my age that going braless pulls all the wrinkles out of my face . 
If all the economists in the world were laid end to end , they wouldn't reach any conclusion -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was . 
Some folks are wise some otherwise 
To err is human , but to really foul things up you need a computer . < PROPFIRST > Ehrlich 
A Child miseducated is a child lost . -- JFK 
It doesn't take great wisdom to energize a person , but it does take 60 seconds . That's about the amount of time it takes to walk over and gently hold someone we love . 
Humor is just another defense against the universe . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Tell a man there are 400 billion stars , and he'll believe you . Tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it . 
Have you ever noticed ? Anybody going slower than you is an idiot , and anyone going faster than you is a maniac . ~ < PROPFIRST > Carlin 
Been to hot springs now headed to T town 
More than anything esle , I want the folks back at home to thing right of me -- < PROPMALE > Presley 
I used be driven but I pulled over 
TLC is almost over is noon on Thursday yet ? 
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of richest people in < PROPFEMALE > . If I'm not there , I go to work . 
Before you try to keep up with the Joneses , be sure they're not trying to keep up with you . -- < PROPFEMALE > Bombeck 
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world . Someone to love , something to do , and something to hope for . Luckily I have all 3 :D 
Can it be an accident that \stressed\ " is \ " desserts\ " spelled backwards ? " 
Laughter dulls the sharpest pain and flattens out the greatest stress . To share it is to give a gift of health because , as someone pointed out , \Ulcers can't grow while you're laughing . \ " -- < PROPMALE > \ " Patch\ " Adams . " 
What happened to the weekend ? Monday seems to come around alot faster than it used to . 
Life is an endless struggle , full of frustrations and challenges . But eventually you find a hairstyle you like ! 
The show is really over when you find yourself picking your teeth out of the popcorn . 
Its kinda sad that you have to spend your first day of va k cleaning house ... upside got done quicker than I thought so I got a pedicure 
Young at heart- slightly older in other places 
Thank goodness for short weeks 
The best thing about the future is that is comes one day at a time . 
In Tulsa town for national Ag Agents meeting got here a day got to go to Bass Pro and managed to kill 2 hours I spent nothing < PROPFIRST > spent ... well we won't say ate at < PROPFIRST>'s Crab shack good stuff !!! meeting tomorrow . 
wore out but having a good AM/PIC .... soooo tired 
Finally home NACAA AM/PIC was awesome thanks OK State Extension 
Here are some other signes that you're living somewhere between estrogen & death :\ 
-When you do the \Hokey Poke 
Thinking will get us to the foot of the mountain . Faith will get us to the top . 
Dumb laws .... Oklahoma-It is illegal to wear your boots to bed . Was this such a problem they really needed a law for it ? 
\How many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg ? Four . Calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg . \ " -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
God < PROPMALE > me the senility to forget the people I never liked anyway , the good fortune to run into the ones I do -- and the eyesight to know the difference . 
I've been very good about watching my weight . I watch it go up and down up and down . I someone call this \the rhythm method of girth control ! \"--- Barbara < PROPMALE > found it very fitting . " 
Starting my morning off getting a tire fixed . Defintely monday 
The second day of a diet is always easier than the first . By the second day you're off it . \ 
Soooo true ! 
Dumb Laws Alabama-Boogers may not be flicked into the wind . Makes you wonder who or why anyone would retrieve one for evidence . 
I don't suffer from insanity . I enjoy every minute of it . 
\In my sentences I go where no man has gone before ... I am a boon to the English language . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > W . Bush " 
Amazing ! If you < PROPFEMALE > something in a closet for a while , it shrinks two sizes . 
She who laughs last thinks the slowest . 
The Internet is a gateway to get on the net . -- Bob Dole 
Everyone brings joy to my office some when they arrive , some when they leave . 
a veg out weekend ... thank goodness . 
It's not that I'm against exercise . It's just that when I look at my body I feel it's already been punished enough !! ( borrowed thought ) 
Nothing is particularly hard if y ou divide it into small jobs . -- Henry Ford 
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing . -- < PROPFIRST > Carnegie \ 
AWWW the life of a county agent 
Veni , Vendi , Visa ... Translation : I came I saw I did a little shopping . 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . 
Vacation time at last ! 
AWWW last day of vacation watching the beautiful rain ... what could be more relaxing ? 
Sometimes I'm tempted to adapt a line I see every day on my car and transpose it onto a full-length mirror in my bedroom . It would say : Images in mirror are smaller than they appear . 
Love county fair week this is the earliest I've got to bed all week . Pig kids & goat kids did great job showing ! 
Cattle show over . Again I must say awesome kids . The judge has been very complimentary ! Makes an agent proud 
Just wanted to thank all the kids and parents for making the 2010 < PROPMALE > County Fair & Livestock Show the best yet !! 
< PROPFEMALE > yesterday ... Dream tomorrow .... Live today 
Hello autumn it is soooo nice to see you again ... your sister summer was a huge pain ! 
There are a lot of things that can make you feel old , looking into the mirror ( if you're wearing your glasses and the wrong attitude ) is one of them . 
Woo hoo promotion document all most done !!!! Will finish in the morning 
Questions to ponder : What disease did cured ham actually have ? 
Another question to ponder : How important does a person have to be before they are considered assasinated instead of just murdered ? 
Why is it you \put your two cents worth in\ " but only get \ " a < PROPFEMALE > for your thoughts\ " where does that extra < PROPFEMALE > go ? " 
Arkansas State Fair Winners Congrats to all my 4H kiddos but special kudos to < PROPFEMALE > Hockaday for winning Grand Champion Angus Heifer in < PROPMALE > & Open Show . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 5th place < PROPMALE > in the goat Skil a thon . More to come later this week way to go < PROPMALE > County 4H !! I'm very proud . 
Congrats to < PROPMALE > Shepherd 12th place in the Broiler Show !! 
Hog show @ state fair can it get any better !? 
AWWW the after State Fair pile on my desk Joy !!! If ya'll don't hear from me over the next 24 hours send a search party into my office . 
You're not old unless you get wrinkles in your heart !!! See Aunt < PROPFIRST > & Aunt < PROPFEMALE > I told you , you weren't old :D 
Men don't really lose their hair- it just goes underground and comes out their ears ! Bahahaha 
Monday , Monday ... ( got this Beatles tune in my head not sure why ) 
Hope is the dream of the waking man . -- Aristotle 
Narrative done !! Program review a week from tomorrow guess I need to get a power point started . 
There are some days I think I could hide my own Easter eggs . 
Success is not measured by how high you fly but how high you bounce . 
Healing comes when you realize the light at the end of the tunnel is not a train . 
How is it that we put a man on the < PROPFEMALE > before we figured out it would be a good idea to put wheels on luggage ? Just wondering 
You never lose by loving . you always lose by holding back ~ < PROPFEMALE > De Angelis 
Question to ponder ... Why do toatsters always have a setting that burns the toast to horrible crisp , which no decent human being would eat ? 
If the professor on Gilligan's Island can make a radio out of a coconut , why can't he fix a hole in boat ? 
Sooo ready for program review to be over with ! We are in hurry up and wait mode . 
question to ponder : If corn oil is made from corn , and vegetable oil is made from vegetables , what is baby oil made from ?? 
Would like to be the first to welcome my mom to the 21st century and facebook . 
you know you're getting older when .... \Happy Hour\ " is a nap ! " 
If God seriously plans to help with my problems ... He has a busy day ahead of Him ! -- < PROPFEMALE > Brilliant 
For those of you going to the Scrapper's game tonight 4H will have one of the concession stands so I urge you to support < PROPMALE > Co . 4H 
One of the greatest labor-saving inventions of today is tomorrow . 
Go Hogs Go beat UTEP !! 
Blessed are they who clip coupons for they shall be redeemed . 
Found this and wonder if my mother does this ... No matter how old she is a mother watches her middle-aged kids for signs of improvement . 
Grandparents : A thing so simple even a small child can operate it . 
< PROPFIRST > tonight in Nashville Woohoo 
Just from the post I see on FB it sounds like this was a tough/weird week for everyone .... and yes I'm glad Friday is here too woohoo ! 
13 days ' til VEGAS and counting !! 
( Stolen but like it ! ) My philosophy is that we should do our best -- and laugh about the rest . We have to keep things in perspective . 
12 days to VEGAS !! 
11 days ' til VEGAS . And tonight Beaty family tradition \snackin ' night\ " . Almost as good as Thanksgiving Day " 
8 days to VEGAS ! Gonna need a vacation after this razorback game . 
This time next will be in the desert amonst the casinos and lights can't wait !!!! 
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough ~ Bruce < PROPFIRST > 
You know the difference between < PROPFEMALE > and Petrino ? One brought destruction to Louisiana , the other was a hurricane . LOL(So Good had to borrow from < PROPFIRST > Boles ) 
VEGAS in 5 
Less than 24 hours until VEGAS :D ! 
VEGAS or bust ! 
We've arrived Vegas watch out 
Having so much fun but I'm wore out not slowing down NFR tonight ! 
Rodeo was awesome last night rough stock had a good night , ropers let the pressure get them . Last full day in VEGAS . :( 
Home @ last 
Back to reality that is called work . 
Some people grow up and spread cheer ... Others just grow up and spread . 
Make your heart happy , and let it reflect on everything you do . 
It's not the pace of life that concerns me , its the sudden stop at the end . 
Well < PROPFIRST>'s family thinks I walk on water , but I try to explain that I don't , so he ask one of my best friend's and she confirmed that I do to him !! I be way more charming than even I know . :D 
Had fun in branson but sooooo glad to be at home . 
Am I the only one that thinks this should be a state holiday ??? Who can concentrate on work with the Sugar Bowl looming in the near future ? 
I'm sick just sick about last night .... they beat themselves with penalties and dropped balls . Still love my HOGS . 
Two ninety-year old men , < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > were at the funeral service for another ninety year-old pal . After the benediction , they lingered , loking at the open casket of the deceased brother . Finally < PROPMALE > said to < PROPMALE > , \You know it's hardly worth going home . \"" 
Score !!! 4-H room at the EH house is clean and organized !! 
At the Govoner's Inagural ball . Awesome who would've thought a country girl from arkadelphia would ever be here 
There are many women like me who talk about cosemtic surgery but our philosophy prevails : No guts -- live with the ruts . ~ Barbara < PROPMALE > 
Lord , deliver us from war , pollution , and cellulite buildup . Amen 
A well informed person ... is somebody who has the same views and opinions as yours . 
Needed : a good deep tissue massage ! 
When humor goes , there goes civilization ~ < PROPFEMALE > Bombeck . 
I think to day is a perfect day to go out and do and aquaculture survey of area ponds . 
Attitude is a little thing that makes a BIG difference . 
Epitaph over a dentist's grave : He is filling his last cavity . 
Do yourself a favor as you walk through life : Slow down and take the the time to really see . Take a moment to see what is going on around you right now , right where you are . You may be missing something wonderful . 
< PROPMALE > County 4H is having is selling Smoked Ribs and Cornish hens this weekend you can place an order by calling 845-7517 or walk ups between 11-1 on Saturday next to the Radio Station . 
Inside every older person , there's a younger person wondering what happened . I know what happened to me 4H Fundraising :D 
Global warming ??? Saaayy whaaatt !? 
Bbq bowl postponed until march 5 
God only gives us what we can handle ... I think he may have overestimated me somewhat or He is preparing for something . 
Sushi cafe in little rock . Awesome !! 
Today's Forecast : Partly rational with brief periods of coherent thought giving way to complete apathy by tonight . 
Very excited about 4H Journal results !!! Kids ya'll will have to wait for the banquet to find out . 
Keep smiling ! The luscious plum forgot to -- became a wrinkled prune . 
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing ~ < PROPFIRST > Carnegie . 
Happy happy joy joy just found out that once the Board of Trustees give their approval I will be an agent III !!!!! So glad I don't have to do that promotion document again ! 
is feeling like crap trying to cough up all the smoke I inhaled at our 4H BBQ Fundraiser , which by the way went extremely well and raised quite a bit of money . 
Thinks people shouldn't expect to be rewarded if they haven't put in the time and hard work required of such rewards . 
Thank you soooo much for all the birthday wishes !! 
Thank you again for all the wonderful birthday wishes . 
Beauty tip of the day : For Attractive lips , speaks words of kindess . For lovely eyes , seek out the good in people . For slim figure , share your food with the hungry . For beautiful hair , let a child run his/her fingers through it once a day . For poise , walk with the knowledge that you'll never walk alone . 
Ever have a day that starts out goofy and never lets up ? 
Forgot to wear green today ... thank goodness for 4-H bracelet in my desk drawer ! 
Had my one good idea for the week ... guess I can go home . 
Did you ever notice that when you blow in a dog's face , he gets mad at you , but when you take him for a car ride , he sticks his head out the window ? 
Warning !! Humor may be hazardous to your depression . 
Hail hail everywhere hail from marble size up to glof ball size fun weather . I am thankful for the rain though . 
Once your past forty , your \big break\ " will probably be a bone . " 
Great news : Laughing 100 times is the physiological equivalent to working out on a rowing machine for ten minutes ! The problem is , once I get going , I'm afraid I won't be able to stop , & I'll laugh myself into anorexia ! ~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Something to ponder : If you tied jellied toast to the back of a cat and dropped the cat from the roof , would the toast land jelly-side down or would the cat land on its feet ? 
Why is it when you are mowing the lawn you always run out of gas at the furtherest point from the gas can ? 
mini vaK over back to th grind stone ... vaK consisted of a a couple of days vegging out , working cows & calves riding horses & decorationn day at Daniels cementary 
Tell a man there are 400billion stars , and he'll believe you . Tell him a bench has wet paint , and he has to touch it . 
< PROPFIRST > Sullivan is the most awesome boyfriend ever ! Just thought everyone should know that . 
I have been awake since 4 a.m. & it sucks ! 
Stars & Constellation workshop last night was a tremendous hit .... kinda proud of myself for think outside the box a little . 15 kids 7 adults 
I am so proud of < PROPMALE > county 4H they did fabulous @ district o'rama 
Camper shakedown then this fast and furious Monday will be over with . 
C'mon Rain I see your clouds and smell you in the air !! 
Quad co 4H camp time woo hoo ! 
Congratulations to < PROPMALE > county 4H ambassadors < PROPFIRST > Ince , < PROPMALE > Shepherd , & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! I'm so proud of you guys 
ATTENTION !!!!! PLEASE RE-POST FOR EVERYONE !!!!!!!!! THIS NOTICE IS DIRECTED TO EVERYONE WHO HAS A < PROPFEMALE > ON FACEBOOK . IF ANYONE , INCLUDING A FRIEND , SENDS YOU A LINK WITH WORDS \VISIT THE NEW FACEBOOK\ " DO NOT OPEN ! IF YOU OPEN IT YOU CAN SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR < PROPFEMALE > . IT'S A HACKER WHO STEALS YOUR DETAILS AND REMOVES YOU FROM YOUR OWN < PROPFEMALE > . COPY AND SPREAD THE WORD !!!! " 
Life is an endless struggle , full of frustrations and challenges . But eventually you find a hairstyle you like !! 
Thank goodness for the rain 
The a/c is out in the courthouse and we are on the 2nd floor with fans going ... can anyone say \convection oven \"." 
Heat index 102 ... still no a/c in the courthouse ... 2nd floor is like the top rack in the convection oven . Thinking I may go across the street and \help\ " with < PROPFIRST>'s Sewing workshop . " 
Congrats to .. daniel ince 1st place wildlife , < PROPFIRST > ince 2nd place food fair , < PROPMALE > shepherd 3rd place animal science , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 4th place fashion revue , livestock skills team 3rd place . Go < PROPMALE > county 4H 
Crap !! How did we miss the rain again ? 
< PROPMALE > County Residents you have the opportunity to get rid of unwanted pesticides Wednesday , August 3 @ the < PROPMALE > County Fairgrounds 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. for more info contact the Extension Office @ 845-7517 
For all you single ladies who are in such a hurry to get married , heres a quick piece of Biblical advice : < PROPFEMALE > patiently waited for her mate Boaz . While waiting on YOUR Boaz don't settle for ANY of his relatives : Brokeaz , Poaz , Lyinaz , Cheatinaz , Dumbaz , Cheapaz , Lockedupaz Goodfornothinaz , Lazyaz or Marriedaz and especially his third cousin Beatinyoaz . Please , wait on your Boaz & make sure he respects Yoaz 
Remember < PROPMALE > , pike , & hempstead county residents that pesticide collection is today @ < PROPMALE > county fairgrounds form 8-1 
Thank you Lord for good news !! 
So glad not to be riding anymore 
God < PROPMALE > me the senility to forget the people I never liked anyway , the good fortune to run into the ones I do and the eyesight to know the difference . 
FACT ! Heat makes objects expand ... So there you have it , I'm NOT overweight I'm just hot !! 
To invent you need an imagination and a good pile of junk . -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Woo Pig Sooie !!!! 
Please Lord let this weather or cooler weather stay through my county fair next week . 
I love county fair ???!!! 
Livestock shows done ... check , sale order done ... check , 36 hours away from the happy happy joy joy dance ! 
I want to thank everyone for their prayers & condolences . Iknow that my granny's quality of life is better now than it was here 
Finally home what an exhausting last 5 days mentally , physically , & emotionally . My granny looked beautiful & at peace . 
