Forget the playing hookie from work thing ..... I actually don't feel that well . I think the work stress is making me sick . 

Thank you to everyone who sent me birthday wishes ! Love you all ! 
Duh ! I probably should have checked that email tagline before I sent that out .... 
sorta wish that I could hibernate like my turtles ..... 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , Why is it that you have made me sick on a 3 day weekend ? So sick in fact that I had to cancel my piano lesson today- a definite highlight of my week ! And why do you make me feel this way when I have a full sink of dishes but not enough energy to wash them so that I can make myself something decent to eat ? Why ? 
I will remove the beanie when it is time- most likely in the morning . 
Fascinating discussion on Utah's high sexual violences stats : Utah's sexual assault rate outpaces U.S. average http://bit.ly/9n9Yv4 
I'm a little jealous that the office next door has a pool table . 
Shocking sighting @ the Post Office ! : me carrying 4 boxes weighing a total of over 75 pounds . Sadly no offers of help or applause . 
Welcome to my strange day- i've been volunteering at the republican convention to support my friend's brother . And yes , i said republican . 
Wow , have survived volunteer stint at the < PROPMALE > County Republican convention ... what a strange , strange experience that was . 
Left the house this morning at 6:30 am and finally got home at 9:30 pm . I think that officially classifies as a long day . But a good day :) 
I'm convinced that all middle east professors buy their cologne at the same store . Must be a special secret given out with their phd . 
new blog post : The Sexiness of Legwarmers http://bit.ly/b5I9T5 
Went home early with intent to work on a project . Alas , my head doesn't feel like writing that < PROPMALE > , guess I will take some sick time . 
Have happily discovered that my work slacks have wide enough legs that will hide my legwarmer brace . Running injury feels much better today 
new blog post : I'm that big that I'm invisible http://bit.ly/bX4Cc8 
5K completed ! Of course , I had to walk for 2 < PROPMALE > before my leg felt strong enough to run . Many thanks to < PROPFEMALE > who was there by my side . 
Everyone in my office is now officially too nice to me . Just got a thank you gift for Administrative Professionals Day . Thanks so much ! 
Currently watching the most epic water gun fight with the neighbors kids . These kids are so good they should be special ops . 
Just bought a beautiful new bike & all I want to do is ride it .... but I exhausted from the process of getting it in & then out of my car . 
Thinned out my gmail account .... I'm now 10,000 emails lighter . Making it a priority to delete emails that really have no long-term purpose . 
Brain totally fried from working on grant ...... desperately need break or a nap , but definitely not any more coffee . 
On today's to do list \letter of intent for engaging men\ " . Suddenly < PROPMALE > work creating rape prevention programs echoes my dating life . " 
Dear allergies , why did you congest my ear ? My ear ! It hurts ! Ow ! This better clear up soon , or I'm totally breaking up with you allergies . 
GVO post : GV Summit : Day One Finished , Day Two Underway ! http://bit.ly/9lNS4R 
I've managed to put holes into 2 pairs of pants so far on this trip . If I don't watch it , I won't have any pants left to wear home . 
new blog post : Things that I Have Learned While in Chile http://bit.ly/cItw8H 
Meant to be supportive of a street artist by giving him 1000 pesos , but accidentally gave him 10,000 instead . 
Well that was weird . Step off the plane at home and my body deflated . I guess that all of me has been swollen for a week . 
The benefit of living alone and having a cough is knowing that I am not keeping anyone else awake with my hacking . 
Thanks to everyone for the well wishes ! Spent my birthday at a kick-ass conference in Portland .... and because we had some grants due yesterday we played trivial pursuit while we all were working on it till late . Tonight , however , we hit the town .... 
Not sure which is more to blame for tonight's internet difficulties -- my internet provider or my unsecured internet connection . Blah .... I really don't want to have to figure out the secure wireless connection thing . I just want to think it and have it miraculously happen . 
I've been avoiding buying a new pair of jeans for almost a year . I shouldn't have- i went down a full pants size ! 
I really , REALLY wish that I wouldn't have a panic attack everytime something gets a little confusing when dealing with the office taxes . 
The fact that my best friend can still make fart noises with her armpit is completely awesome ! 
See ? This is why I don't normally use bleach in my laundry ... the navy blue shirt I'm wearing how has neon purple polka dots on it . Dammit ! 
Little bro & i got new toys today . I finally bought a wii & he bought a ferret . She's a cute little thing but i still got the better deal . 
I'm thoroughly annoyed that my wireless router decided to randomly reset and unsecure itself . Now I have to find the fricking instructions again . 
I love my thesaurus so much I think I'm gonna marry it . Expect save-the-date cards and gift registry invites soon . 
