fine day to be a Buckeye . but a damn fine day to be a Florida Gator 

is about to go get his ass kicked by tons of moving water .... AWESOME . 
cuz you can always have one more monkey 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > with the extended family .... awesome !!!!!! 
hurray work ..... bleh . 
Is tired and bored . Just another typical summer day : ) 
Can Vegetarians eat animal crackers ? 
Just can't seem to find < PROPMALE > 
has discovered the shocking truth .... you aren't looking for < PROPMALE > , He is looking for you . 
Waiting for his xbox ............ UPS sure knows how to hold you in suspense 
The Box is back yall run for cover 
Is looking at his schedule and dreading the beginning of classes ............ but can't wait for college !!!!!! 
Misses everyone who is in college . Can't wait to go himself . 
wishes he were at school ....... yeah it's that bad . 
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA I just got assigned to Siebert . That's what the over half the Alter class in Siebert now ? 
College footbal in 25 minutes ............ i can hardly contain myself !!!!!!!! 
Wants College ....... now 
OSU USC Block O here i come 
Sorry Buckeyes , we just couldn't pull it out . Lets go BRONCOS 
HAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAAHAHHAAH 
Needs more cow < PROPFEMALE > 
Got moved to Park Hall ......... in a solo room ....... 
Last Day , hmmmmmmmmm i don't know what to think . 
GO GATORS 
to all you < PROPMALE > fans ...... im sorry . We broncos do horrible things to you . 
awesome < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > lights it up for 45 ......... and i have him on the bench ...... fml 
survey class down . now time for my actual classes 
is destroying homework . bring it on college . 
Hey we welcome to Catfish Biffs ...... we ain't got no fish 
popo be everywhere . They busted a lot of people tnite . 
< PROPMALE > is 3-0 .......... nice 
I like bacon . I don't care what you say . I eat bacon each and everyday . 
has new friends .... but still thinks Kane smells like a butthole . 
huh .......... HOW BOUT THEM BRONCOS 
Doesn't like school atm ....... 
Thinks Snuggies are immoral and should be destroyed 
Shop smart .............. shop S-Mart . GOT IT !!!!!! 
Web Work FML 
Nom Nom food nom nom 
FUCKA YOU DORPHIN !!!!!!!!!! FUCKA YOU WHARUUUU !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is so glad USC is getting crushed 
is stoked for Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion . It's just that yours is stupid . 
Got Modern Warfare 2 .......... had to wait in line for 3 hours but i got it . and ........................ IT WAS WORTH EVERY SECOND 
Don't say I'm 1 in a 1,000,000 . I find that insulting . You think there are 1336 people just like me in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Worst game ever . Ghetto Monopoly . No matter what happens , you always go to jail . 
Friday the 13th : O 
if I hear or see another thing referring to twilight im gonna gouge my eyes out . 
really really really really really really really wants bills 
just beat Mass Effect again ....... and has begun counting down the days until Mass Effect 2 comes out ............. 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!!!!! EAT DRINK AND BE < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
I Absofreakinlutely love my new profile picture . 
Florida vs . Alabama , best game of the year . Watch that shit . 
Oh well < PROPMALE > . It happens . 
man man man I feel for you Nebraska . That's just gotta suck ass . 
I never thought I would find myself rooting for the Browns . 
\It only takes one heart to believe ... then you can soar . \ " Wiser words are seldom spoken . " 
Is very happy with the browns at the moment . 
Oh , you . You just couldn't let me go , could you ? This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object . You are truly incorruptible , aren't you ? Huh ? You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness . And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun . I think you and I are destined to do this forever . 
You look like you might have seen one up close . 
has seen many up close . ;) 
Though we may strike at you from the shadows , do not think we lack the courage to stand in the light . 
Glad to see you , boys . Time to kick some serious butt . 
It may not be tomorow , darlin ' , it may not even happen with an army at my back . But rest assured ; I'm the man who's gonna kill you one day . I'll be seeing you . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . And to all a good night . 
Team Robbe . Better than Team Millups . 
here comes the snow baby 
You called down the Thunder , now reap ? the Whirlwind 
Broncos .............. you sadden me . 
How about that ride in ? I guess that's why they call it Sin City ....... hahahahaha ..... 
I believe I will name it ......... the mastodon 
COME ON YOU APES !!!!!!!!!!!! YOU WANNA LIVE FOREVER !!!!! 
I choose what once , a coward could not . 
< PROPFIRST > Kiffin . You just proved how much of a little punk ass bitch you are . enjoy sliding into mediocrity USC , ya punks . 
Some dumb mother fuckers are always trying to ice skate uphill 
In war , victory . In peace , vigilance . In death , sacrifice . 
Dude .... I don't wanna have a cannon in my pants . - < PROPFIRST > Shiverdecker 
< PROPFIRST>'s Stone Cold Lock of the Century ....... Of the Week !!!!!!! 
Rage is a hell of an anesthetic 
You wait , when everyone's organic batteries , people will look back and say . This is all Joker's Fault . What a tool he was . Now I have to ? spend all day computing pi because he plugged in the Overlord . 
Anyone who fights us is either stupid or on Saren's payroll . Killing the latter is business . Killing the former is a favor to the universe . 
Good . Bad . I'm the guy with the gun . 
I'm dying right now . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykwqXuMPsoc&feature=related 
Hmmmmm < PROPFIRST > Bay is directing the Nightmare on Elms Street movie . Let's start a pool what's the over under on random ass explosions in people's dreams . 
I'm an entertainer ..... you're nasty 
' < PROPMALE > , what's the name of that nasty < PROPMALE > who keeps hiding my stuff from me ? ' ' Alzheimer , grandpa . ' 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? Really < PROPMALE > ? He's our ace in the hole ? We are so screwed ........... le sigh 
Day 4 ....... 
My mind has just been blown 
< PROPFEMALE > . Whips crack . Those in back cry , FORWARD !!!!! Those in front cry , BACK !!!! 
Is it wrong that I predicted Kansas losing to N . Iowa and < PROPMALE > in the Sweet 16 ? 
Let's go < PROPMALE > . Beat Kentucky and Calipari . I wanna see him burn . 
I applaude you Obama . You have made one of the stupidest diplomatic moves I have ever seen in the history of the United States Government . You single handly committed one of the biggest slights in American History . How about you humilate the Prime Minister of Great Britiain next you arrogant prick . Better yet , why don't you go to Binyamin Netanyahu's house and take a big ole ' dump on his front porch . 
Kensucky and no I didn't spell that wrong . Get rid of Calipari and I would be feeling bad for you right now . 
My deepest symapthies go out to the Hausfeld family , I am so sorry for your loss . I cannot express in words my sorrow . 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA FROM NORTHERN IOWA !!!!!!!!!!!!! < PROPFIRST > BAROKEMYBRACKET !!!!!!!!!!! I MEAN FAROKHMANESH !!!!! 
I'm in Japanese prison Lawd , Japanese prison got me down ....... I'm in Japanese prison lawd , Won't be long here my eyes are round . - < PROPFIRST > Cartman 
You can run on for a long time Run on for a long time , run on for a long time Sooner or later God'll cut you down Sooner or later God'll cut you down -J . Cash 
It's time < PROPMALE > . Don't let me down . 
< PROPMALE > . You Delivered so hard . I love you so much right now < PROPMALE > . 
Dear Mavericks , Take note , that is how you play basketball . Even when you blow a big lead you fight till the end . Or hell maybe you shouldn't have been down as a 2 seed to a 7 seed . Now Mavericks , as you watch the Spurs play in the next round , go cry in a corner knowing you got beat by the better team . 
LeBron , you've gained some respect from me . You have to be working for Habitat for Humanity , I mean only a voluteer for that organization would have that many bricks . 
\I spoil a lot of people with my play . When you have three bad games in seven years 
Awesome night , topped of with an amazingly awful and hilarious drive home . 
What am I gonna do when the best part of me was always you , what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up that you're ok . I'm falling to pieces , yeah , I'm falling to pieces . 
Somewhere over the rainbow\ 
Blue birds fly\ 
And the dreams that you dreamed of\ 
Dreams really do come true ooh ooooh\ 
Someday I'll wish upon a star\ 
Wake up where the clouds are far behind me ee ee eeh\ 
Where trouble melts like lemon drops\ 
High above the chimney tops thats where you'll find me oh\ 
Somewhere over the rainbow bluebirds fly\ 
And the dream that you dare to , why , oh why can't I ? i iiii 
The 
If you fall for me\ 
\ 
I'm not easy to please\ 
I might tear you apart\ 
Told yah from the start\ 
Baby from the start\ 
I'm only gonna break break your\ 
Break break ya heart\ 
Break break ya heart 
My new desktop kicks all sorts of ass 
Bored text me . 
Great season on all accounts . Team's done the program and fans very proud . Awesome job guys . Once a Knight , Always a Knight . 
\Spotted < PROPMALE > sir ? \ " What the hell I'm trying to get some food and this guy is asking me if I have the clap . " 
Freedom isn't a right we hold . It is a privilege we are afforded by the patriots willing to lay down their life for it . Thank you to all our troops around the world . All those who are currently serving , all those who have served , and especially all those who have died in the service of our great nation . I thank all of you from the bottom of my heart . You will always have my undying support and respect . 
Congrats Alter Knights Class of 2010 . Have a great summer . College starts in but a few months . 
If the Arabs put down their weapons today , there would be no more violence . If the Jews put down their weapons today , there would be no more < PROPMALE > . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Netanyahu 
She was sooooo tragic . Till I drove her wild . \ 
I make them good girls go baaad . I make them good girls go baaaaaaaaaad . 
Omg if these horns don't cut out I'm gonna slap someone . 
\I'm gonna stick my penis in < PROPMALE > robbe ..... no homo\ " - < PROPMALE > Miller " 
Rain is good . Rain makes corn . Corn makes whiskey . Whiskey makes her frisky . 
No votto 
That don't sit well with the big dog . 
US 1 point from the draw . FIFA Ref 2 points for robbing us a goal . Life's a bitch ain't it ? 
baruk khazâd , khazâd ai-mênu . 
Sinners make the best Saints . 
Sax maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnn ............... SAX MAN !!!!! 
Those who cling to the untrue doctrine that violence never settles anything must look at history . Violence , naked force , has settled more issues in history than has any other factor , and the contrary opinion is wishful thinking at its worst . Nations and peoples who forget this basic truth have always paid for it with their lives and freedoms . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > A . Heinlein 
So are the refs just trying to fuck us ? I mean seriously , you getting payed off by FIFA ? This is getting ridiculous . 
GGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL 
As a troll thread grows longer , the probability of the in depth discussion , review and appreciation of < PROPFIRST > Walken's voice approaches 1 . It's referred to as Walken's Law . 
THIS BOAT IS REAL !!!!!!!!! 
Diagnosis ? You suck . 
\Remember Thee ! Remember Thee ! which was basically a highly literate version of \ " 99 Problems . \ " \ 
Does anyone know why < PROPMALE > Rooney wasn't chosen for this year's England squad ? I kept looking for him but he was nowhere to be found . 
It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years a sheep . 
It's funny how the finality of our circumstance is realized at the worst of times . Any even when we realize it we fight it , we choke back the tears that will inevitably come . It is in accepting finality that we truely learn to live again . 
There are three things we are all going to do before we die . We're all gonna lie , we're all gonna cry , and we're all gonna take painful shits . 
Thank you lebron for leaving my state . Your exit gate will be B21 . Now hurry up and leave . Now you have no excuse not to win a championship . 
Why is race always brought forth ? Why can't we actually be equal and live as human beings regardless of race ? Oh , that's right , because people are idiots . 
Aaaaaaaannnnnndddddd boom goes the dynamite 
Royce : There is no hunting like the hunting of man , and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it , never care for anything else thereafter . \ 
Isabella : How poetic , did you come up with that ? \ 
Royce : No actually , it's Hemmingway . 
The worst thing that ever happened to religion was people . 
Hey wanna see something cool ? Ok do like 15 things on facebook you don't wanna do . Take me to work . Run and get me some chocolate milk . Tell 15 friends about it when you don't even know what it is . Then complete a survey for no reason other than I'm bored . 
If you have a milkshake , and I have a milkshake and my straw reaches into your milkshake , then I drink your milkshake !!! 
You gotta love livin ' baby , cuz dyin ' is a pain in the ass . 
What we do in this life echos in eternity 
The Local young men are keen on my flavored milk drink and frequent my garden in order to sample it . They insist that its quality is superior to yours . 
It followed me home .... can I keep it ? Cookie for reference . 
Nobody asks to be a hero . It just sometimes turns out that way . 
Zoiby want balloon !!! Want balloon now !!!!! Zoiby want go outside !! 
Is really freaking stressed atm . Ahhhhhhhhhhhh 
Livin ' life like there ain't no tomorrow . 
We live for today because we don't know about tomorrow . We live for the moment because it's the only thing that's certain . We live for others because we already live for ourselves . 
Tebow looks like a linebacker lol . Let's go tnite broncos 
I'm a cowboy , on a steel horse I ride . Cuz I'm wanted .... dead or alive . 
I've seen donkey's ass holes with more guts than those toss pots . 
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what's for lunch . Freedom is a well-armed lamb contesting said vote . 
Come on you apes , you wanna live forever !!!! 
I am Lrrr !!!!!!! Ruler of Omicron Persei 8 
Bad florida . Play better or GTFO . I still luh you tho ........ 
It seems like everywhere I go\ 
The more I see\ 
the less I know\ 
But I know one thing\ 
That I love you\ 
Great song . 
Some people think they can outsmart me , maybe ............... maybe . But I have yet to meet person who can outsmart bullet . 
Congratulations Boise . But , color me unimpressed . I is still very skeptical of you . 
And I just can't keep living this way\ 
So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage\ 
I'm standing up , Imma face my demons\ 
I'm manning up , Imma hold my ground\ 
I've had enough , now I'm so fed up\ 
Time to put my life back together right now 
Back to school . Back to school , to prove to Dad that I'm not a fool . I got my lunch packed up , my boots tied tight , I hope I don't get in a fight . Ohhhh , back to school . Back to school . Back to school . 
RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , condolensces to your family and the Broncos organization . 
Thank God for that one LSU , luckiest team alive right now . 
I sad . 
The end is never the end , a new challenge awaits . A test no man can be prepared for , a new hell he must conquer and destroy , a new level of growth he must confront himself . The machine and the ghost within , this is the journey . Of the man on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Broncos win ! Broncos win ! Broncos win ! 
Snookie SMUSH SMUSH !!!!!!! 
Because riding the dog like a horse is FROWNED upon in this establishment !!! 
Just saw seneca < PROPMALE > at waffle house . Now I know why colt's starting . 
I've got some issues that nobody can see , and all of these emotions are pouring out of me . I bring them to the life for you . It's only right . This is the soundtrack to my life . 
It could just be that notre dame is a roster game now for navy . -Reece < PROPMALE > 
\Denver finished with a 93-67 ( . 581 ) regular-season record during the 2000s to < PROPFIRST > its third consecutive decade with 90 or more victories -- the only team in the NFL to accomplish that feat during the last three decades . \ " -EPSN Stats Huh . Learn something new everyday . My boys are representing . " 
Denver ........... you had a game today ......... remember ? 
Run for the hills , pick up your feet and lets go . \ 
We did our jobs , pick up speed now lets move . \ 
The trees cant grow without the sun in their eyes . \ 
And we can't live if we're too afraid to die . 
Soooooooooo I just rode an elephant . Yeah . 
This is that time of year . The air is crisp and cool . Football is winding down . Christmas is getting near . Hot Chocolate is brewing . And well , Michigan still sucks at football . 
Walking Dead . Txt . 
I think its time to blow this scene , get everybodies stuff together . \ 
Okay 3 , 2 , 1 Let's Jam 
The only thing necessary for evil to triumph is that good men do nothing . 
Funny how it took someone from Michigan for OSU to finally beat an SEC team in a bowl . 
Anything that isn't constantly challenged grows weak 
