Happy New Year ! I slept through it ... been tired from work and being sick but I hope you enjoyed yours ! Here's to a better year ahead of us ! 

Wow . Had an epiphany earlier ... realized where my life COULD be IF I'd stayed the way I was ... and it really scared me . THEN I was thinking ... wow , look how AMAZING my life has become . And that was rad . Just thought I'd share . PS ... love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Someone make me a sandwich ? I want : cucumbers , sprouts , avocado , carrots , lettuce , tomato , jicama , onions , pickles , banana peppers and green peppers with some mayo or vinagrette and maybe some cheese . Havarti would be ideal . And soft bread . Yum . Did I mention I'd pay you ? Oh yea . I'll PAY you to get the ingredients and make it . 
Going to the Desert Museum Sunday morning with a bunch of relatives ... should be fun ! :D 
My grandmother on my father's side fell and broke her hip ... she just got out of surgery - please send prayers our way ! Thanks ! 
Getting ready for a Father's Day get together on Saturday ( early I know ) and looking forward to it . I'm making my pasta-slaw which is awesome and hoping that the whole family is there ! 
My grandma is doing a bit better , thanks for prayers ! Father's day was good ... my parents are moving to Arizona in about a month which is exciting and I'm really hoping to find a job here soon ! Hope everyone else is doing well too . 
I'm feeling sad today . I'm really overwhelmed with my move , trying to get a job , and dealing with this reality . < PROPFIRST>'s doing well - the VA here is awesome . 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > on being engaged ! Thanks for the awesome talk last night < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you < PROPFIRST > ! Um ... if I'm forgetting anything let me know .. 
Anyone got recipes for eating on a budget ? I need easy/medium hard recipes that I can cook for 2 ... please message me with them ! I am trying to eat healthy , not boring , and with a good price tag . Thanks ! 
I'm feeling really lucky to have my best friend living with me , a dog who loves me , and a home to live in . I'm working at getting a job still , and I've been sick ... but it's day by day here - and going to get better . :D 
I can't get my sleep schedule right D: Still looking for a job . It's a little stressful over here . 
Parents have moved to Tucson - they having the moving < PROPFIRST > today ! I get more furniture . Looking for a job still ... 
I'm shocked and devastated at my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s death . I'm trying to accept it , but the denial just keeps popping up . How does a healthy 29 year old woman just die , leaving her son behind ? How do you accept that a beautiful , wonderful , loving , and outgoing person is just gone one day ? Please pray for her family ! 
Thank you for your kind words , love and support . I'm still mourning the loss of my friend < PROPFEMALE > . Your prayers for her family and friends is so appreciated . She was the most wonderful person and her memory will never leave us . 
I've got < PROPFEMALE > , my cousin , in town with her husband and daughter visiting . She's pregnant and we're thrilled ! Tomorrow is a yummy family gathering - I'm bring the pasta slaw again :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Ahern ( my grandmother ) passed away today . I'm having a difficult time because I have a new job , and cannot leave for her funeral which is cross country . Please keep my family in your thoughts and prayers . Wish me luck on my training test on Thurs because grieving is making my head swim . D: 
It's the end of the weekend which means I have to be up early for work tomorrow . My < PROPFEMALE>'s funeral was this weekend , and although I missed it , I'm doing pretty well . I feel like she's in a better place and probably happier to be with Papa anyway . Work is exciting and tiring ! I'm thrilled to have my job right now though , and feel like my purpose in life has been renewed just a little with it . :D 
Work was easier today ! Thank God !! I think I'm starting to get better ! 
Check this out and make your own personalized card ! https://mycard.compassbank.com/AllAboutMe/Designer/express/compass/EmbeddedDesigner/express_designer.swf?WebDesignId=01ae7e99-06b2-4609-b822-ef13c687599a 
Figuring out how to get everything done I can before tomorrow's work ! Eek ! 
I'm doing better at work , having a good week , and am happy as a clam . :D 
I'm loving the old men at work who ask for help on their accounts ( uh , my job ) and then because I follow up with them ... they bring me gifts ! Omg , I got a box of really yummy See's < PROPFEMALE > ! How cool is that ?! Thank you to all banking customers that bring a smile each day ! 
Happy Halloween ! Be safe and have a lot of fun :D 
Today was LONG . Omg . Thank goodness for long naps , and boyfriends who rub your back ! lol 
I dyed my hair a couple shades darker than my natural ... watcha think ? 
Zomg . Today was rough . I think this calls for a nap . zzzz 
I love my family . I love < PROPFIRST > . Life is good ( except for this headache ) . 
I'm doing Thanksgiving big with lots of family this year ! Hope yours is wonderful . Thank you for all the support , love and friendship this year , I've been blessed ! 
OMG ... I'm going to be a MOTHER . Well , a Godmother ... lol Close enough for now ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for giving me the blessing of being < PROPMALE>'s Godmother . I'm thrilled and honored ! 
Yay ! < PROPMALE > (<PROPFIRST>'s stepdad ) just went into surgery for a liver transplant ! He has been very sick , and we're thrilled our prayers are heard ! We'll find out later how it went and I'll post new info :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , one of the most kind , loving , honest , interesting , intelligent and spirtual men around passed away . I'm shocked . He was a confidant , friend , second father , and guide for me . I loved him in the most pure way and he will always be remembered . I hope he is in peace in the spirtual world . Please send your prayers . He was so special to me . 
I'm bored . I need more of a life ... when did I get so lame ? My life consists of work , family , < PROPFIRST > , Angel , and um ... bills ? I'm so sick of money . The lack of it rather . I need to go out , have a drink , and relax . 
Today is the beginning of my stressful rest of the week . Work Holiday party is tonight , < PROPFIRST>'s at the doctor ... the rest of the week is going to be busy busy busy ! 
Holiday office party was nice and looks like next week is going to be busy too ! lol 
Tomorrow's < PROPFIRST>'s b-day ! Whoot ! Doing breakfast , then work ( well I am ) , then Japanese food and sushi for dinner ... tomorrow's yummy !!! 
< PROPFIRST>'s birthday was fun ... tomorrow is Pop-pop's mass for his b-day , < PROPFEMALE>'s kids get baptised ( Godmother here I come ) , and a b-day party for the guys . Then it's off to babysit < PROPFIRST>'s kids ... and I'll crash when I get home . Sunday we see Boondock Saints II for < PROPFIRST>'s b-day ... and um ... that's about it . 
Pop-pop's mass was nice . The baptism was just beautiful and I'm so grateful to be a part of it . < PROPFIRST > and Pop-pop's cakes were awesome , and babysitting went well . All in all a very long but nice day ! 
I think we're going to see Boondock Saints II today for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday ... we couldn't go other times , so we're making up for it today . :D 
The last few days have been really busy . I am exhausted . Tomorrow I'm finally going to get groceries ... for 10 days I've been needing to go and haven't found time to do it ... ridiculous , but at least < PROPFIRST>'s b-day gave us left-overs lol Wish me some luck on a better day tomorrow ! 
Pop-pop got very sick today , and he was not acting lucid when I took my grandparent's home tonight . He's staying in the hospital ... I'm not sure what happened but it seemed a little like a stroke . Please send prayers and love . 
Pop-pop is going to be ok . He was lucky I was there with Uncle < PROPMALE > , and that we called an ambulence . He had bleeding in his brain that was picked up by the CAT scan . He is having a neurosurgeon take out the blood , changing up a medication that can cause that to happen . Hopefully he'll be ok ... if we had just let him go to sleep he could have died . Thank you GOD . 
Pop-pop is out of surgery , he might be in pain when he wakes up because of all the air in his brain and the way they had to do the procedure ( bad crink in the neck ) . We're glad he's ok . Tonight Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is having the xmas party and we're excited . < PROPFEMALE > Xmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas ! I had a wonderful day with my family and also spent time at the hospital's neurological ICU with my grandfather ... he's a bit out of it but he's doing ok . His surgery appears to be a success . :D 
< PROPFIRST > and I are both sick . I , however , am sick as a dog and he's just starting to get sick . I wasn't able to see family , or go to the hospital to see Pop-pop because I'm so sick . I've been up 7 hours total today and I'm already ready for bed again . Wish me luck on getting better - I'm working extra hours this next week . Eek . 
Ok so < PROPFIRST > and I both have the flu . I'm doing everything I can to be better for work tomorrow ... We're taking lots of vitamins , regular meds , cough drops , tea , and such . Thanks for your love ... hope no one else gets this - it's a doozey . And yes , I did just say that . 
Well , I'm still sick but I went to work anyway . I did ok , so I'm hoping tomorrow will be better . I'm taking enough meds for me to be ok ! lol Anyway , Pop-pop may have had a mini-seizure today at the hospital . Tomorrow I'm working at 2 different branches , so it'll be a loooong day . Very long . 
So the other branch was super nice . I worked Tues night , and I worked from 9:30 to 7:15 today ... LONG . I was up all night with a stomach virus , so I got about 3 hours ... with driving I was gone over 11:30 hours today . I'm zonked . I can't even think straight . Wish me a night of sleep please ! 
Nap time for prep to go back to work tomorrow ! I'm in a great mood , looking forward to getting back into the swing of things and excited for \Chef\ " < PROPFIRST>'s chili tonight ! <3 " 
Tomorrow's another work day . Weds my stepsis and my neices come to visit :D Also , I'm moving around furniture and getting stuff together at my place . I'm exhausted , still trying to get over my cold , and this week is busy working at 2 branches again . 
I'm finishing catching up on < PROPMALE > right now ... missed Heroes . I'm wanting to chop all my hair off ... it's long now . < PROPFIRST>'s getting his liver and stuff ultra-sounded in the am ... Pop-pop is still struggling with getting better . I really need a couple paid days off to get myself un-sick and my life organized . Like that's going to happen . lol :P 
Today I'm working at my branch , then working at another one to help out , then going to come home and SLEEP . Tomorrow is work and I finally get to see my neices ! Whoot ! Also , I'm learning how to peel and slice up a jicama . Hmmm . 
One more day of work and I have a full weekend to enjoy ! Whoot ! Plus I get to see my super cute nieces and stepsis . 
I'm glad it's the weekend . I'm going to a show at the Gaslight theatre tomorrow which will be fun . I'm beyond exhausted . I need to catch up on sleep so I can get my house together . /sigh It never ends does it ? 
Show was good ! I'm exhausted , even with all the extra sleep . Tomorrow we work on the office to get ready for a new desk and get to use the new vaccum ! Whahoo ... all kinds of fun . blech . Anyway , next week is busy but at least it's a 3 day weekend :D 
Well , I went to see Pop-pop . He's been moved to the rehab floor but he's so tired he can hardly stay awake long enough to talk ... hopefully that floor will cheer him up ! My sister and neices have gone home - school starts up again tomorrow . I work a busy week coming up , but I'm glad I got sleep this weekend finally . 
Today was a normal work day . I'm tired as usual but I'm in a really happy mood tonight . My dog and boyfriend love me , and MOM joined facebook ! Whahoo ! 
Today was fun at the other branch . I'm going to miss working over there too ! Tonight I am going to enjoy sleep ... 
Well , lots of things happening here with work . Huge turn of events . I'll let you know if I find out more and when ! But it could be some really good news ! Today went fast , and I think God is just blessing me and giving me grace I didn't know was possible after all of the great things in the past year . I'm so lucky ! 
< PROPMALE > went home ! Yay ! We're so excited here ! I'm just busy busy busy lately , but there's a 3 day weekend to look forward to ! WHOOT . Let me know if any of you want to get together ... 
Weekend time ! Going to see Pop-pop , enjoy the couch , and get the big desk put together ... oh , and relax . Thank God for that ! 
Well , I got some items to make me more organized at work at Office Depot , got some kitchen and closet items at Home Goods , saw Pop-pop and helped him with dinner , spent time with Grammy ... tomorrow I'll be at the hospital at 7:15 am to help get Pop-pop up for physical therapy , get him clean , and fed ! Ahhh ... a nice day off ... I think I'll take a nap though . That's EARLY . lol 
Got to the hospital at 7:15 am , helped get Pop-pop fed and ready for the day . I helped with dinner at Grammy's and had a great time with Uncle < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > really likes the family . I think < PROPFIRST>'s heading over to help Pop-pop in the morning , and I'll be working tomorrow . Today's another day that I am so grateful for a loving family . I feel lucky to be able to give right now . 
Tomorrow is a family meeting on Pop-pop . < PROPFIRST > and I will go help with breakfast , then go to a meeting , then I work , and then we go to the other family meeting at night . Busy busy busy ! I work on Saturday . Miss all of you friends and family . xoxo's 
I'm exhausted . Really exhausted . That's all I can think about . 
Well the family meeting was confusing and long ... think we got a lot worked out . I'm pretty sure we'll have the bathroom getting demoed and redone , the bedroom emptied , and other things so we can move a hospital bed , etc in for Pop-pop . It's one day at a time . 
Today was a visit at the hospital for Pop-pop's breakfast , taking Grammy to mass , taking Grammy to see Pop-pop for PT and lunch , and then coming home after 6 hours ready for a nap . :D Well , that and being very hungry . 
I got hired ! I'm moving to another branch where I'm getting FULL TIME hours starting Feb 1st . I'm thrilled ! :D The group seems really awesome too . I'm so blessed . 
... for Perry ... My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that people with disabilities do not have a disease ; people with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does ........ 
Didja know that standing outside when you can see your breath and wet hair makes it nearly impossible to warm up when you get back inside ? Yea . Thought so . My bad . lol 
I'm getting up early to see Pop-pop , learn how to help him with PT , get a good bit of coffee , work a short shift , and get my grocery shopping done . Sounds boring but I'm feeling good the more I get done in a day . Sounds strange coming from the former couch potato . lol Now if only there were more friends to go out with ! I really want to go dancing or be active with someone . 
I saw Pop-pop today and he looked like his normal self ! We might push back his move home date because of the bathroom remodel . Work was fast today ( 3.5 hrs ) and tomorrow I have a day off ! Heck yea ! I have to go to the DMV though ... hope lines are fast . Heh . Like that will happen :( 
1 ) Help Pop-pop with breakfast 2 ) Go to DMV 3 ) grocery shop 4 ) Brain's PT 5 ) do laundry 6 ) cook up meals for the week 7 ) get shoes ? maybe ?! I hope 8 ) teach my mom google calendars 9 ) get family schedules 10 ) relax ? play with Angel ? nap ? 
So ... half of that stuff isn't getting done . Here's the scoop - it's MVD here not DMV . I couldn't find the title on my car and it'll take 3 to 4 weeks to get in the mail . Argh . At least I got my license done and emissions test . Pop-pop is doing great . Groceries are bought . Now we have the rest to do and I'm already wanting to just sit here and relax . 
Well today was rough . < PROPFIRST > woke up feeling sick , so I went to the hospital with a headache , came home to shower before work and realized it was a migraine , laid in bed until 7pm until I felt better ... so I'm going to be 5.5 hrs short on my paycheck . Yuck . Did I mention I was walking in the rain and hit a puddle at the hospital and soaked my legs/feet ? Yea . 
Pop-pop was great this morning ! He's heading to a nursing home for a week or two until the bathroom , etc is finished being remodeled at home . :D Then off to work , then we are meeting some cousins to watch movies and get < PROPFIRST>'s back worked on ( cousin can do some physical therapy ) . Yay . Long day , but seems to be good . 
Enjoying the weekend . Saw Becca and Blas ... spent time with Pop-pop ... had a GREAT sleep-in . I'm getting a little nervous - next week I start at the new branch and will be getting full-time hours . :D Other than that , just need to get work done tomorrow at the house . 
Well , the weekend has gone too fast ! This week I begin working some at the new branch ... yikes ! I also work at my normal branch some for the next few weeks . I'm nervous and excited . Pop-pop is in the nursing home for a couple weeks , and looks good . 
Today felt more exhausting than some . I think I just need a good night of sleep . I keep getting headaches at night and I think the stress is adding up . Sometimes I think I just care too much . :/ 
Today was one of those day you'd prefer to lay in bed , but I went to work , and I've gotten my stuff done . Now it's time for pizza , tv , and some laundry - I start at the new branch tomorrow ! I still can't help but feel a little nervous since I don't know the layout , people , etc . I do know how to do my job though , so at least there's that . :D Wish me lots of luck ! 
The last couple days have been really long , but awesome . I love the new branch I'm working at ... they're positive , motivating , and really friendly/helpful . I feel lucky that I'm getting full time hours somewhere I think I can really grow into a career . :D On another note , Pop-pop is not sick anymore . Maybe he had a stomach virus ? 
Ok so ... I love my job , and the new office is AMAZING ... but ... I can't walk my feet hurt so bad , my right thigh has a spasm , my lower back , neck , and shoulders ache and to top it off ... when I was leaving the vault tonight I caught my arm on something sharp - have a nice 6 to 7 inch cut on my arm that is stinging . RAWR . It's all good though , I'm still happy ... just in pain . 
Dude , the next door neighbors have a Spiderman bouncy castle for their son's b-day and I really wanna go jump in it but I haven't met them yet . :( Lucky kid ! 
Ok ... so today I got some new shoes . While I'm thrilled that my feet wont hurt so badly , they're not exactly the most attractive shoes , or ones I'd ordinarily want . BUT pain trumps attraction right now :D I'm very very happy to not have to worry about my feet as much this week . :D 
Ok ... Pop-pop has been REALLY sick and in severe pain the last few days . I keep wondering how much longer he has , and that makes me sad . Work has been busy and tiring . My birthday is next Tuesday , and my life just never seems to have a rest . Positive side : I'm making more money , have better energy , am getting better at my job , etc . 
My favorite holiday is tomorrow ! Happy happy happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! :D 
Best < PROPFIRST>'s day . < PROPFIRST > and I have spent a lot of time together , got to see Pop-pop and have a pretty new necklace . I'm happy as a clam , whatever that means . 
Pop-pop is back at the hospital so my birthday stuff got postponed . Turns out that Villa Compana , the nursing home he is at , is in the middle of 2 < PROPMALE > lawsuits , has 33 violations , and were fined my medicare recently for abuse , neglect , etc . They're named worst in the state of AZ . We're trying to get my grandfather better and they've ignored him . I'm disgusted . 
My birthday was nice . We went to the cheesecake factory after work and totally got ourselves sick on food ... Grandma gave me some desk items that were my dad's before he died , and I got to spend time with family . I'm still worrying about Pop-pop but am thankful for a good year , and a new one to look forward to ! 
Wow . Today was crazy . The banks systems went down nationwide ( ATMs , computers , online banking , website , even the phone systems ) for a few hours . Not sure what happened , but everyone's info is safe and it was back up by 11:30 am . Just crazy busy . 
Finally putting in an outlet in the master bathroom ... yay ! I can use my bathroom for drying hair , etc . :D 
I am getting an outlet in my bathroom ! Yay , electricity ! Can totally dry my hair again ... and not be in another room :D 
Pop-pop moved to a rehab facility this afternoon . I'm exhausted . I really want to do well at work but I had the worst headache and so many people today . I feel like I let my boss down ! Ugh . Going to bed early and hopefully tomorrow I can rock it . :D 
Well , I thought I was going to sleep well last night and be great today but I have some sort of stomach flu . I was up a lot of the night , and thought I was better this morning but on the way to work I had to stop to puke . Gross , and went to dr and got shots . Hoping I'm all better now . 
I am just so tired . Tomorrow's a long day but then I work a short day on Saturday . Sunday is dedicated to sleep . lol It's funny how much you look forward to sleep sometimes - more than anything else . :D 
No more work for a whole day ! Yessss ! I can grocery shop , see Pop-pop , talk to family , cook something good , and maybe buy some jeans that actually fit with my little bit of extra money . Whoot ! 
Welllll .... I was having a good day at work , I mean , I was energetic , happy , positive , tapping my foot to music ... and then , well , it was like money was floating down from the ceiling but not in your home in a fantasy , it was like ... OHMIGOD , am I going to be off balance ?! Banking makes you fear money more , since it's not your own . I'm exhausted . 
Short day at work ... went to buy a couple new shirts and stuff like that ... probably spent too much so I'll have to return it , and I hate going in to return things(makes me uncomfortable ) . So ... even though I should feel happy about new things , I feel too guilty to enjoy it . Hmmm . 
I have been so stressed thinking about my finances , the bank's finances , life , where I'm going , if I'll ever get to a next destination soon ... I'm on edge . In fact , I'm just ... a nervous wreck right now . Tomorrow will be a new day where I will have erased today . 
I got my belated b-day present from my parents :D It's a flat screen tv ! Whoot ! If I wasn't so tired , I'd jump around . I'm still stressed but trying to be as calm as possible right now . 
I cut my hair . It's probably a good cut , but right now it's so big and fluffy I feel like Texas landed on my head . LOL I'll take a picture , and then when I style it myself , I'll take another so we can compair whether it's a shit cut or ok . :D 
My tummy feels icky , my throat scratches and I keep coughing , < PROPFIRST > think's he's sick , and I think that I don't have time to get sick ... I have to be ready for work in the AM . argh 
Had a migraine ... still not feeling so hot . My stomach is in knots and my head is kind of burning . Like stinging burning . I'm not sure what I'm going to do but I'm going to talk to my aunt ( neurologist ) about new preventative since what we've been doing isn't working apparently . 
Short day at work today ... had a relaxing afternoon ... Pop-pop comes home next week - literally to his house ! WHOOT . So thrilled . :D Sometimes a little < PROPFEMALE > goes a long way . 
Wow . Weird day . I'm testing for a possible promotion at work , and I'm really really excited and praying for it . :D On a bad note , I didn't win the lottery . Soooo ... can't say anything but good things today ! 
My goodness this week was full of changes ! I am excited for my day and a half off ... on the drive home I kept seeing all these beautiful things like wild flowers , and random patterns . I realize I haven't been writing , taking photos , or doing anything artistic in a long time . I need to find a way to make my creative side have an outlet again . :D 
Yo yo yo .... it's off to see Pop-pop I go ... 
I went out earlier feeling a little sick but thought it was because I hadn't eaten , so I ate . Then I took < PROPFIRST > to get his hair cut and ended up puking at Cost Cutters . After I came home my headache got worse , and now I'm just in pain and can't figure out what's wrong . I don't feel so nausous now , but my whole body hurts really badly . 
As far as luck goes , today wasn't . And as for being < PROPFEMALE > , celebrating St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day - thought mine would be a lot better . I really thought I loved this holiday . My luck appears to have run out . 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE>'s promotion ! Feeling really good about work right now . Family life is really < PROPMALE > right now ... Pop-pop has come home but it's a lot of stress and work . After tomorrow I get to spend the night at my grandparents to help out , take < PROPFIRST > to a class on Sat morning , and go to the air show on Sunday . When am I ever going to get good sleep again ?! 
I see a lot of changes in life on the way . I'm not sure if I'm excited or just apprehensive . I just want to love , be loved , and feel happy/healthy . I just want some more progress in the positive . There are so many heavy things in my life , and I'm just trying to keep on the positive side . 
I'm sick of my feet smelling after work . Like ... I can clean them , wash out my shoes , the insoles , and no matter what I know that my feet are going to reak . RAWR . That is SO not sexy . 
Alcohol + me = ick . This is probably why I rarely drink anything . I start to think too much . One drink makes me ponder waaaaay too much . I think I should start a new book . 
Picking < PROPFIRST > up from a class . Spending the night at Pop-pop and Grammy's to help out tonight .... need to make a sleep-over bag . Sleep - so underrated lately . If only I could sleep for a week to catch up . Mmmm . Better than chocolate . 
Long night at the grandparents . Waking up every hour really sucks , especially when it's not your bed , your dog isn't snuggled against you , and you are waking up to a doorbell noise ! LOL It was good to be there though . I just have a stuffy nose and itchy throat right now ... I'm placing blame on a couple girls at work that have been sick . No bueno ! 
Next week I'm going to tackle the kitchen . Not literally morons . I need to reorganize it . Since I'm so short , I can reach half the dishes right now , and that seems pretty fail to me . I doubt I'm going to grow taller at 26 , so the dishes are going to have to change . FUN . 
Pizza pizza ! I hungry . I'm stuffed up , my head hurts , and my throat is still scratchy . I keep saying I'm not getting sick , but dammit , this is getting irritating . 
I reallllly hate mosquitos . They keep getting in my house - I had 2 bites yesterday on one arm , now I have 2 on my neck and one on another arm . They are burning ... not itching . Burning . 
I feel rotten . I'm not sure if I'm sick , or have allergy issues ... but this is ridiculous . And I'm tired . And now I'm getting bloody noses when I blow my nose . Weekend please come ! 
I did well at work today ! Yay ! And now I'm starving ... still fighting off being sick , but I'm in too good a mood to care . :D 
They say no sleep for the wicked ... and I got no sleep ! Yuck . Had to work today since someone was out sick ... and I'm just tired . Overtime doesn't even sound good right now ... my bed does though ! 
Pop-pop is able to walk a few steps , do most transfers himself now , eats at the kitchen table in his wheelchair , etc ! Next time I spend the night sounds like it'll be easy ! Plus he's in a great mood . Hoping the end of April he'll be able to take care of most things himself ( need a little daytime help for himself and Grammy ) and hope he can fully walk in May !! Good news ! 
I just went to Costco and got enough food for ... well , a lot of people . Mmmm . I feel so accomplished after I leave Costco ... like getting through the crowds , buying lots of items , and unpacking them into the house is like some sort of huge feat ! lol I guess this tells you about how much I like to shop with a bajillion people around . :D 
I officially got my first raise today ! My test goes out this week , and I'm hoping for a promotion and raise on top of that ! Cross your fingers for me :D Yaaaay ! 
A < PROPFEMALE > tried to attack me , and knowing most of you , you think I'm exaggerating . Except I'm not . It came at me , directly , repeatedly trying to sting me . I was minding my own business , and it was like ... speed diving towards my body and I was jumping away . I think it was the color of my shirt . Either way , it didn't get me , and I was freaked out . 
Allergies = Irritation . Irritation = Stress . Stress = Exhaustion . Exhaustion = < PROPFEMALE > Stupid Time . NOT GOOD . I get dumber each day my face and head hurts ... 
Grammy cracks me up . I can't even keep my yard clear of falling debris and weeds and she want's my advice on which pots to put her plants in ! LOL I love my family . They're all so different and awesome . :D 
Went home early sick . Allerigies , cold , stomach flu type thing rolled into one . I just want to feel better . :/ 
Hey Tucson People ! I need to find a gym to go to out here to get in shape so please send some recommendations of the places you use ! Please please ! 
I am addicted to Treasure Isle . Treasure Madness still rocks , but new games always make me happy . 
Just soaking in some < PROPFEMALE > Spektor and falling in love over and over again with her silliness and musicality . Mmmm . 
Fuzzy Navel's , music , chinese food , and um ... a clean dog , nice boyfriend ... hmm . Good stuff ! TGIF - I am so thrilled to sleep in tomorrow ! 
Grocery shopping , buying cookware , taking care of Pop-pop , oh my ! LOL Hoping I get to have some fun this afternoon - maybe go to the Tucson Tattoo Expo ? text if you wanna go :D 
Off to work I go ... hi ho hi ho hi ho ... Happy Monday ! 
I'm so stressed . I'm not even sure what to do - my heart wont stop racing , and I just want to like ... walk away from my personal , family , and work life for a week .... and I know that I can get through the stress like I always do and I love my family and my job ... I just need some space to be me again without feeling like something is always going wrong . Just a week . Or even 4 days . lol 
Allergies are killing me ! I'm hoping today I feel a little more peace . I really need to to feel more calm . 
Had a really nice talk with my mom , am feeling more hopeful , and thankful that I have things to stress about . lol 
It's shocking that I'm exhausted but waking up an hour before I have to get ready for work ... meaning I can't go back to sleep , I'm still tired , and I could have slept more if my body wasn't being evil . 
Tomorrow I wont be broke ! Yay for paychecks ! :D 
I love my job . Yup , that's it . And my family , < PROPFIRST > , Angel pie , my house , the view from my porch , and the blue skies overhead . 
Just another Friday . Wish I had people to < PROPFEMALE > out or go dancing with . :/ 
I could an entire cow myself right now . Well maybe that's an exaggeration ... I'm really really hungry though ! 
Tomorrow = work . I get off early , so I'm joining a gym ! Wish me luck on getting healthy - it's time to eat better , work out , and sleep better after the exhaustion . :P I'm not even sure if my workout clothing is unpacked ... hmm . Guess I have some drawer trolling to do tonight . lol 
I am officially a gym member . Tomorrow I take the tests to find exactly how bad off I am . :/ But then I can track how good I do ! lol 
Things are a little strange right now . The whole lemons to lemonade addage is what's going to have to work for me . Send prayers ... I need a lot of hope and strength right now . 
I got my promotion today ! Yay for more money and moving up ! 
Hitting the gym , then it's time to go out to dinner w/ < PROPFIRST > to celebrate the promotion . Whoot ! 
Car broke down at gym - gym made me sweaty - HAIL made me freakin ' freezing - stress of waiting to get new battery - I'm exhausted , cold and stressed . Night is gone , no going out to celebrate . Bummed , cold and broke . BOO ! 
Worked out tonight - < PROPFEMALE > kicked my butt . I have no shoulder strength but I'm really strong in my abs , lower back and legs . Hmmm . I'm gonna be sore tomorrow ! 
Wow ... my upper arms and shoulders hurt ... tomorrow I work out with < PROPFEMALE > again ! 
Decent weeked - workouts , food , time with < PROPFIRST > and the dog , some sleep ... got some shopping done too ! I'm so glad my mom is back in town - I missed her and who do I call when my car breaks down if she's not in town to help ?! 
Today was a bit stressful - I'm exhausted . I'm glad to be home with my favorites - < PROPFIRST > and the dog . I am not sure what else I can say about today ... 
I'm so tired I'm irritable . I haven't felt irritated in forever . Months . 
Exhaustion . That's what I'm feeling . Today was ridiculous - IT help lines at work suck . Normally they are nice - today I had someone < PROPFEMALE > up on me after arguing that a ticket opened was \resolved\ " and it turned out he was arguing about the WRONG ticket . Jerk . " 
I'm hungry , and tired . Been having nightmares about robberies , and waking up every 30 minutes since we were robbed at work on Monday ... I'm not even freaked out about the robbery - I just can't sleep ! 
Grammy-ism : \I'm disgustipated\ " lol I'm starving and waiting to get my car back ( door should be fixed) ! " 
Can't sleep :/ Have to be up to take care of Pop-pop during the day tomorow , then come home and get ready for mom's birthday and go < PROPFEMALE > out with her ... then I need to grocery shop , clean , cook , do laundry , and um ... hopefully sleep . I can't wait til Vacation time ! Only a few more weeks ! 
Happy Birthday Mom ! 
Ok , well the goals today are doable : work , workout , get groceries , do more laundry , clean and cook . I'm going to do what I can ! 
Tonight I find out how much more weight I have lost . Wish me luck ! I think I've hit the 6 to 10lb < PROPFIRST > , but we'll see ! 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
I get to sleep in tomorrow if my body will let me ! < PROPFIRST > got a ton of weeding stuff done today which is awesome . I took a breather after I got off work and read about half a book . Things are doing pretty well here right now . Hope you're enjoying your weekends ! 
More work in the backyard . Yuck . < PROPFIRST>'s taking me to see < PROPFIRST > Hood though , so I'll get a little fun time . I'm so happy I got some sleep ... and I woke up to puppy dog kisses . Yay ! 
I like it on the table , in the living room . 
I'm zonked . This last week felt a bit stressful . I'm about to get a little peace ... well , cleaning and yard work done , when I have Thurs and Fri off . I'm not doing anything I don't want to for 4 days . I'm thrilled to catch up on sleep too ! 
< PROPFIRST > had a seizure last night - I'm trying to get him some help . I'm going to take him to the dr/hospital . Please send prayers . It was really scary ! 
So we went to the ER about < PROPFIRST>'s grand mal seizure , were there over 2 hours & only one person left the room , one guy had been there for 8 hours & we left b/c the ER didn't have enough staff for the imaging area . We're going to harass the polytrauma and neurologist doctors he has seen in the past . Why can't you get any help when you could have died ?! It's so frustrating - the healthcare I mean . 
< PROPFIRST>'s seizure appt is on Tuesday morning . Thank God we got him squeezed in ! I can relax just a < PROPFEMALE > bit now on my vacation . ha ! Still have a lot to do this weekend . I'm hoping I can get some good sleep tonight . 
Going to lunch with my parents and < PROPFIRST > . We have a lot more cleaning/chores to do . The palm tree is attacking again . One more night of freedom and back to work ! 
Nice lunch with the folks . < PROPFIRST > got his hair cut and treated me to getting my nails done ! Yay ! Pretty nails again ! Now , on to chores - yard needs work , and so does my kitchen/living room . Next weekend we're going to try to < PROPFEMALE > a shower < PROPMALE > , and some other things done - < PROPFEMALE>'s planning to stay here . 
Home from my 1st day back to work . Felt like an idiot for half the day ( I assumed I was going slow , but later realized that you really can't go faster than I was ) . At any rate , I am going to be lazy and watch Zodiac with < PROPFIRST > . Tomorrow is the doctor's appt . Need to relax before he goes in . 
Back from Dr. We're getting some tests done Friday morning . Not sure what's going to happen . Former MRI shows something that they no longer think is a blood vessel but they don't know what it is - it's too \linear\ " to be a tumor . Instead of telling us this or testing - they didn't do anything . Rawr . " 
I was frustrated earlier . It's much more clear to me now . Let the Dr. ' s worry about it now , and focus on life returning back to normal . < PROPFIRST>'s ok for now and life is going ok . I think I'm going to sleep better tonight . 
Today was slow on activity but went by fast if that makes sense . I hit almost every red light on the way home ... 20 < PROPFEMALE > turned into 45+ . I'm not sure why but it's always faster co < PROPFEMALE > g home than going to work and today co < PROPFEMALE > g home was awful . 
< PROPFIRST>'s tests are in the morning . I'm feeling okay about them . I kind of have a feeling that everything is going to be ok regardless of what happens . Good vibes I guess . 
Well , < PROPFIRST > had a small seizure last night - not a fall down and black out , but it was upsetting . We can't do anything about it though - we're still waiting on test results . We are going to call the Dr. ' s to let them know though . I'm feeling completely helpless here ... I can't do anything to stop them or help them . 
I spent the night with Grammy and Pop-pop . Pop-pop zonked out on me mid sentence last night around 8:30 pm . LOL Grammy was a sweetie . Had to get up early to drive home to get < PROPFIRST > , take him over there , and then drive home again . I hope I can take a nap today . Tonight we're having ribs at my parents ! whoot ! yum in the tum . 
Ah . Nice day today . Happy Memorial Day guys ! Hope that everyone you love is safe and thanks to all those who protect our country , letting us be free . Looking forward to family time and ribs . mmm . 
FYI , the ribs were great . So was the bacon beans , potato salad , deviled eggs (<PROPFIRST>'s fav ) , and strawberry shortcake with home made whipped cream . Ugh . So full . GOOD NEWS ! I have lost 8 more lbs ! omg . Didn't even realize it . Yay ! 
Half day at work since I work on Saturday . Traffic was ridiculous today ... I am going to relax and read , and then get some cleaning done hopefully . :D 
We still haven't gotten results on < PROPFIRST>'s tests . We're going to call today to get some answers . 
So I feel like crap . Been sick to my stomach all day ... still no news on the < PROPFIRST > front . 
Waiting for medicine to kick in ... went to the Dr. and they said I have a stomach flu which is going around and lasts 7 freaking days . I don't have time for this ! I'm not supposed to go to work until Mon ... I just want to sleep , and when I wake up feel normal ! 
You know you're sick when ... you can sleep from 3pm one day and wake up at 11am the next day , and still feel like you could sleep more . My tummy's still rumbling . ugh . Someone wave a magic wand over me and make it all better ! 
I'm feeling a little better today , thank God ! I don't feel over it yet , but it's better . I have to get better quick ! 
Well , I've gotten 34 hours of sleep in the last 72 hours . I've been trying to sleep off the flu , and I'm feeling better today . I'm at about 75% of normal and I've got to get in gear for tomorrow - time to go back to work ! It's funny how you feel guilty for being sick when you need to be at work ... even though you feel like shit . 
Today was rough . Back to work and still sick ... not fun . Plus it was one of those really long days ... I'm so happy to be at home ! 
is feeling very thankful . 
I don't think I've updated in a week . We're still waiting on results for < PROPFIRST > - they said it might be a week more ... apparently it's not a priority . Cousin's are out of town again , and I saw Iron Man 2 which rocked . New software at work = great but stressful ! 
Well last night was a blast ... projectile vomitting is always fun . I went to Urgent Care and I'm losing blood and have some internal bleeding going on , so I have to go to the ER now . I'm hoping everything ends up ok . I'm a bit of a mess right now . 
Well , I'm home from the ER . I'm bleeding internally for sure but they were unable to find the bleed . Going to see specialists asap . CAT scan's suck - the dye kept making me puke . I'm not sure what happens now - I just feel like death right now . 
I'm not feeling better today really . I have appts in the morning with the GI doctor . Not sure if they will be able to get me in for the procedures for another day or so . More info when I have it . 
Ok , I'm getting my procedures done on Tuesday morning . My doctor seems nice and I'm glad to be getting this done quickly . 
I feel sooo nauseous today . I was hungry for the first time earlier so I ate , but had things easy on my stomach ... apparently it wasn't the best idea . Ugh . 
I feel so blessed to have such a great family around me , and such an amazing mother . With my mom's support I feel like anything is possible . I am soooo lucky . 
Getting ready to not eat tomorrow . Lots of clear liquids - check ! Lots of soft and easy food for the rest of the week - check ! Now ... if only these sharp pains would go away , and I stopped feeling like I'm in a moving vehicle . One step at a time ! 
Well yesterday I was in a lot of pain , and this morning I'm feeling really weird . It's all clear liquids today and tomorrow I get the procedures . Closer and closer to answers . I feel mentally exhuasted ! Tell a worry wart not to worry and then I can't stop ! Yikes , leaving it in God's hands ! 
I am out of surgery and home . The results are inconclusive but they took a biopsy . I'm in a lot of pain . He said I could return to work tomorrow but I'm not sure how that will go - I've been getting more nauseous and having more pain the last few days . I'm going to bed now . 
First day back to work went well . Other than a sharp pain in my left lower abdomen I was fine - I probably took more nausea medicine than I needed to today but I didn't want to < PROPMALE > it . :D All in all it was a good day . 
Today was crazy - like a Friday on crack . lol Other than that , it was another good day . Can't wait for the weekend :D 
Happy 4th of July everyone ! :P 
whahoo - vacation day ! going to go out to brunch with < PROPFIRST > :P 
Hoping today goes by fast :D 
Thursday is here ... 2 full days , 1 half day and then I can catch up on sleep . I woke up every 30 minutes last night for some reason and now I'm exhausted ! lol 
Spent time with Becca and Blas tonight - I'm exhausted ! I need sleep ! 
What a long week ! Thank goodness for 2 days off this weekend . :D I need the time to recooperate . 
Well , it's another Monday and I'm about to leave for work . Have a great day guys ! 
My stomach is messed up . I hope it gets better before work ! 
Spending time with family tonight ... first dropping food at my grandparents and then eating dinner with my parents and < PROPFIRST > ! Yay . Yummy food :D 
Do I sleep in tomorrow on my half day or do I get a ton of work done at home ? Ahh . This is the sort of dilemma I like ... and can deal with ! LOL 
I'm starving ! I never wake up hungry . How weird ! Have a great day guys :D 
One long day ahead , and a half day tomorrow and I get to RELAX . That and clean . It's going to be great :D 
I'm officially bored . < PROPFIRST>'s been sleeping all day and I want to do something ! 
What a sleepy Sunday ! 
Well ... Brian bought us Wii on a whim and I'm sooo excited ! I've wanted one forever , and it's going to be a blast - and I hope to lose weight with it too ! :D Yay ! 
12 days until I move to my new office guys ! Whoot ! 
after today it's 8 days left ! :D 
Does anyone have any good crock pot recipes ? 
Ohhhh .... happy happy Monday , happy Monday to you ! 5 business days left , and 7 total ! :D 
Creepy dudes need to go away . I had a guy grab my hand and like , rub it and call me baby in the parking lot before work . UGH . If I don't know you , don't touch me . Don't grab me , don't talk to me , and don't you dare call me \baby\ " ever . " 
Oi vey bananas . 
Tomorrow is my last day at Park and Grant ... I'm going to miss my coworkers but I'm really excited to live so close to home !! 
0 days left . I no longer work at Park and < PROPMALE > . I go take a look around at my new branch tomorrow and then Monday I am officially Pantano/Broadway . I'm really excited and a little nervous too . But just a little . :D 
Visited new branch today and set up my station about 90% so Monday is a go ! I'm excited , and the staff seem incredibly nice . I'm so thankful and I feel blessed . Life is about to get easier and it makes me so happy ! PS- finally got my hair did . 
Today was family time . Good food , good laughs , and I'm getting ready for tomorrow . I'm nervous/excited and feeling rather un-tired , which is no good . Need to be sleepy to get rest before my 1st day ! 
Day #1 . Wish me luck , or you know ... remind me I'm going to do fine and it's going to be great ! I have mini sized butterflies in my tummy ! 
I love love love my new branch . They are so nice and friendly , the clients are awesome , and am sooo close to home . I'm so thrilled I could just hug myself . 
Wow , it's Thursday already . Time for me to get pumped for the next couple days at work ... hence drinking a Rockstar right now . Because ... it never hurts to dream , right ? :D Have a great day guys !! 
Today was soooo great . Just great . What else can I say ? 
I might have just had the best work week of my life . Can I just say I love my new branch ? And I love the people I'm working with ! And I love that I'm so close to home . Life is GOOD . 
3 day weekend coming up ... am I psyched ? heck yea ! 
One day , one morning meeting and I have 3 days of fun . I'm so happy ! Life is good right now ! :D 
Tomorrow - morning work meeting , then straight to breakfast with my mom , followed by shoe shopping , possibly clothing . Am I excited for vacation time ? yes . I'm also sooo happy to love my work enough to go in on vacation . :D 
Successful day ! Meetings attended , shoes , belts , necklaces and shirts were bought , breakfast out was delicious , but best of all I had a blast with my mom . :D 
I'm enjoying my weekend . I slept in today ... which is a miracle ! I am so thankful for life getting a bit easier ! My dog is loving the extra attention too ! :D 
So much cleaning , laundry , etc to catch up on ! Yuck . Dinner with the parents tonight will be awesome though - Dad's making roast pork with a < PROPFEMALE > , balsamic , and < PROPFEMALE > sauce . I guess it's a new one - and I'm excited ! :D 
Dinner was delish . I will send recipes to anyone who wants an amazing sauce for pork . MMmmm 
< PROPFIRST > and I just had the best steak tonight . Work is good , family is good , dog is good ... can't be anything but happy ! 
Another great day under my belt . I'm loving that my feet hurt less in my new shoes , even if they aren't sexy heels . 
I saw one of my very favorite client's today from my old branch . It was amazing ! He is so full of joy that you can't help but love him . I'm loving my new branch though ! Things are great right now . 
Hello Saturday . I plan to make the most of it by going to work , cleaning my grandparents home , helping with dinner , and then I plan to have good sleep for tomorrow's birthday parties for Becca and < PROPMALE > . :D 
I got to sleep in a bit , now getting ready for Becca/Matt's birthday shindig , and then I have chores chores chores galore . 
Last night was a blast . I even won a game - Imagine If was what it was called I think ... anyway , I'm glad everything has been so fun . Happy Labor Day everyone ! 
Wow . Migraines + work + panini machine breakdown + busy day = exhaustion . I'm so happy that I have a team that helps out when you are in a crazy situation . I would not have made it through today without their support . 
GTBD - Good To Be Different - got this one from a fun client today ! :D 
Well guys , < PROPFIRST > had another seizure last night . He'd gone 3 months without them and could drive - after about 2 weeks of that he just had another ... we're going to call and talk to Dr. s on Monday . We're doing ok now , and he didn't get hurt . More later . xoxo's guys 
why why why why did I have to wake up at 5:30 on a Sunday - my only day to sleep in ? argh . 
Dinner with my parents last night was delicious ... spending time with my mom was excellent ... things to complain about right now ? zilch . Good morning Monday , I'm ready to knock your socks off ! 
It's a good day . That's all . :D Hope you're having a good one too ! 
I just got home from working the Fiesta Patrias event for BBVA Compass . I'm exhausted but happy with our results . :D Now it's time for some chow , relaxation , sleep and hopefully ( fingers crossed ) a nice back rub . Oh , and I think I burned my face today . DAMN SUN ! 
I can't believe it's only 8 here . I feel like it's hard to keep my eyes open ! I guess I will sleep well tonight ! 
I'm exhausted . I am all cozy with my doggie getting ready to sleep . 
' m so blessed and happy right now ! This weekend has been amazing . Lots of positive < PROPFEMALE > is coming by and I'm thrilled I'm so blessed and happy right now ! 
Well this is going to be one busy week ! I really have been feeling so incredibly happy , loved and lucky . Life is good and I hope by really throwing out my positive energy out there that others will take a moment to feel content too ! :D 
My laptop cannot find internet and I can't seem to fix the problems so I grabbed < PROPFIRST>'s old laptop which is so slow I can hardly even type this . Ugh . Yes , I admit I am addicted to the internet . 
Does anyone know of someone who can cheaply tell me if my wireless card in my computer is fried and then what to buy to fix it ? I'm so stressed without my computer - I do everything on it ! LOL 
Happy Saturday ! It's time for work , meeting up with my mom , cleaning at home , and all sorts of busy-ness . 
Go < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So it's official . < PROPFIRST > and I are moving houses , a little closer to work , and we're really excited ! Life is almost too good sometimes . 
Today felt so long ... couldn't sleep last night past 2am , realllllly busy day at work , and now I have to take < PROPFIRST > for a sleep study at the VA Hospital ... plus I'll have to get up 2 hours early tomorrow morning to get him . I need sleep ! And I need to get the house packed ! Stressed out tonight . 
I'm so exhausted and it's only my lunch hour . :: crosses fingers :: I'm hoping the rest of the day will go by fast and that I can get some sleep ! :P 
Not going to lie - today was exhausting and I feel pretty crappy . I'm going to bed soon hopefully though to catch up on zzz's . Better luck tomorrow ? 
I'm going to try to put as much positivity out there and be as happy as I can today . Hopefully that will start my day right , and everything else will be easy . :D 
TGIF !! I plan to sleep in tomorrow , then it's more cleaning and boxing all next week . So much for a \relaxing\ " vacation ! haha BUT moving to a nicer house will be worth it over the years . :D " 
< PROPFIRST > is the best ... that's all . The very best . Yay ! <3 
Well I made a list for today of what needs to be done so I'll try not to veer off course . Thank God for friends and family . Thank God < PROPFIRST > is so nice to me ! Makes this a whole lot less stressful , even though it is stressful either way . 
Either I'm lazy or my lists are too extreme . lol I feel like I can't get half of what I plan done ! Yikes , its going to be a late night tonight ! 
Hope those of you with < PROPMALE > day off are enjoying it ! :D 
I'm officially sick of my migraines . This happens each time I get one , FYI . At any rate , now I'll have to stay up late to get everything done . UUUUGGGHHH . And I still have the leftover headache that sucks . Plus , < PROPFEMALE > volunteered to come help me and then I can't have anyone around because of my stupid head . rawr . BUT on a good note , I can't really complain because my life rocks right now . :D 
I still have a headache ... not a migraine but geez . I'm tired so I'm probably going to call it a night and worry about the rest tomorrow . 
Hello Tuesday . We have a lot to get done . Yesterday was mostly shot so there's a lot to get done today . 
Today is full of things I don't want to do . Right now , a cat nap and double stuff oreo's sounds awesome . I don't know why oreo's sound so good . I don't I've had one in over a year . :: shrugs :: 
So ... it's Weds , halfway through vacation time and realizing I haven't gotten as much done as I planned . Time to power through . 
Today < PROPFIRST > and I spent a lot of time talking about my parents - how great , supportive , loving , giving , and how lucky we are to have them around ! I'm glad to have someone who cares about my family as much as me , well , actually I don't think anyone cares as much as me ! :D I am taking the time to really think/express how I feel about the great people in my life . 
Tonight < PROPFIRST > and I are taking my parents to dinner for being so helpful and great with the move . I'm thinking the ETA on the move is next week or next weekend . I have so much left to box ! I keep sorting through crap I don't need . I have collected a lot of junk since we moved here . Time to be rid of it . 
I absolutely refuse to get sick . My throat may hurt , and my nose may sting to touch , but I will not let it interfere . Vitamin time ! 
I need coffee ! agh . So tired ! 
Took dinner over to the grandparents ... and all I could think about was how much work I need to do before Mon ... I'm starting to feel the stress really bad now . 
Final day of vacation to get the house ready . I'm feeling really overwhelmed but I haven't had a meltdown which speaks louder anyway ! 
I didn't WANT to have to spend more money , but ... my house is destroyed and I packed all the dishes , etc . so it just HAD to be a chinese night . mmm <3 
Pretty good day today . I'm a bit exhausted . I want this move to be over with . 
TGIF ! More time this weekend to finish ! I do have to work tomorrow ... but I'll make it work ! Hope you have a nice weekend guys ! 
So much to do ! So little time left ! I'm exhausted and somehow I hurt my shoulder . yuck . 
Hoping that today I wont be sick - 3 1/2 days of bed/bathroom floor has not been fun . I hate the stomach flu ! It's the WORST . I'm in a good mood - didn't puke this morning , so I'm praying that today goes well ! 
Wow it's Friday . Being sick ruined my week . Tomorrow we get back to work on the house ... hope we can be in the new place in a few days ... might be a week . Either way it's happening soon ! 
So this week brought a lot of bad luck in : stomach flu , flat tire , flat doughnut tire , hurt shoulder , 8 bruises ( no idea why ) , < PROPFIRST>'s stomach flu , and not much work on moving . Next week , in comparison , HAS to rock ... and it WILL dammit ! Damn damn damn you stupid ravens at work last weekend ! 
I can't sleep - hate insomnia ! Tomorrow I get to figure out where furniture will go with Mom though , so that will be fun ! 
Bedtime , then box time , then work time , then 3rd quarter dinner , then home to box more and then bedtime again . Rinse and repeat . Going to be moving this week ! 
Just found out Thursday is the official move day ! eeek ! 
I cast my vote when the doors opened this morning . Hope you get out there and vote too ! Have a great day everyone ! 
I need strength to get through this week ! < PROPFIRST > = stomach flu and my dog must too - came home to her mess everywhere and spent an hour cleaning just HER . UGH . Still have to finish packing last stuff - movers on Thurs . I'm exhausted and overwhelmed . 
On top of everything else , Angel was bleeding and had to take her to the doggie hospital ... I took her at 8:30 pm and it's now 12:21 and I just walked in the door . I'm drained . 
Angel is doing a little better this morning . She'll stay in the doggie hospital until probably tomorrow night , which works out okay since I'm moving tomorrow . I'm just beyond stressed and exhausted . Hopefully everything works out for the best . 
My dog , Angel , is still sick . She may come home tomorrow night - if not , Friday . Tomorrow is moving day . I've gotten as much done as I can tonight , tomorrow morning is the final junk . I'm just praying it all goes smoothly ! I might not be able to get online for a few days . I hope all of you are well :D 
We're moved !!!! I love love love this house ! I also got to bring Angel home from the animal hospital . I'm exhausted but for once I think I will sleep well ! :D Thank God the < PROPMALE > stress is over ! 
Hello Friday . I'm going to kick your butt today ! No reason not to - slept well , woke up happy in my new place , and am loving that this is going to be my new life . Yay ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Angel I love you . May you RIP . You were the BEST dog in the world , and the most loving pet to me . I will miss you , and I will never forget how you pulled me out of so many dark times . 
I had a decent night of sleep for the first time in weeks ... I only woke up twice and I feel better today . Thank Goodness ! Hope everyone has a great Tuesday ! 
Oooh . Mr. Cableman is coming tomorrow to hook up the internet/tv . Thank God ! I'm going crazy . I'm totally bumming internet right now , and it goes out just about every other minute . A 30 second message takes me 2 or 3 minutes to post ! lol Plus I'm totally behind on my shows ... and I need something distracting that I can reward myself after unpacking boxes . Have I mentioned I love this house ? It makes me happy ! 
Does anyone know how to fix the water pressure in a house ? It's not just the shower - even the kitchen sink or the toilets trying to flush is a little hard . I don't have a ton of money to get someone out here , any ideas ? 
Thank you all Vet's who have served us , and made us safer . Special thanks to my family : < PROPFIRST > Mather , < PROPMALE > Stone , < PROPMALE > Franks , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , C B Stone , < PROPFIRST > F Ahern , < PROPFIRST > Ahern , < PROPFIRST > Ahern , < PROPMALE > Ahern , and everyone else I'm forgetting right now . We appreciate your service , strength , bravery , and you are our HEROES ! I love you all ! 
I forgot how much I love TiVo . I have premier now ... and I'm soooo happy ! Pandora , Live365 , pictures , movies , Netflix ... ahhhh Made for a couch potato like me when I get home from work !! 
1st mistake : Thought it was Monday and couldn't find my schedule . 2nd mistake : left half my clean clothes in the washer last night . 3rd mistake : Tried to use my flat iron in the OFF postion . hmmm 
Life is goooood . Like the t-shirts , only , less hippy ? I'm satisfied with things right now , and honestly I've had so much stress and sadness lately that's about time for me to do my \bounce back\ " :D " 
Ohhh , you know , you know , you know , I'd never ask you to change . If perfect's what you're searching for then just stay the same . Sooo don't even bother asking if you look okay , you know I'll say ... When I see your face there's not a thing that I would change . ' Cause you're amazing just the way you are . And when you smile the whole world stops and stares for a while . ' Cause , girl , you're amazing just the way you are . 
Gosh , the last couple days I was lower on energy . I woke up today feeling great , so hopefully work will be great today ! Hope everyone is getting through their week okay . Great news ! My parents will be back in town today ! It's amazing how much I missed them !!! They are my best friends and best advice . 
So my parents are back home , I'm exhausted , had a pretty good day , am planning to read in bed until I fall asleep . I am so grateful for books ! How else would I escape and live vicariously through someone else ? It's not quite the same in a movie ... it just isn't . :D 
Another weekend gone . Next week I finally get a Saturday off ! I'm excited for Thanksgiving and also some time working on the unpacking . :D Plus sleeping in one day would be great ! 
I feel thankful every day , but today I wanted everyone to know that I'm most thankful for my wonderful family ! Both at home and at work ! I have spectacular parents , and < PROPFIRST > is everything to me ! I'm so appreciative for my home , running water , heat , and the huge amount of love around me . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
2 day weekend ! Whahoo ! Hope everyone's Thanksgiving was great ! I had a wonderful time with my family . 
Watched the most incredible show on the brain with < PROPFIRST > last night . I'm so thrilled to see hour progress on how we can help the brain , what it does , and how much potential we all have ! I have a whole new \mind-boggling\ " perspective . I love how cool we all are and our brain is the biggest part of it . :D " 
Thank goodness we get paid this week ! I'm sort of panicking with all the holiday season costs ! Eeeek . Giving has never hurt so much ! lol In all fairness , it's totally worth it to me . I just think my bank account disagrees ! 
Chinese , brownies and < PROPFIRST > , oh my ! Had a nice evening in front of the tv with the best friend I've ever had . :D I'm a lucky girl . 
Gahhhhh . I need money so badly . I know I know - everyone does . I'm sorta freaking out about the new bills that come with a new home , plus xmas , plus < PROPFIRST>'s b-day and now I feel overwhelmed . 
On a good note , have 2 vacation days this week ( Mon-Tues ) . On a bad note , woke up Sat morning with the flu . On a good note , totally been going after the vitamins and feel better already . On a bad note , have only 2 more days to get un-sick . lol 
I have the best mother , best father , best boyfriend , and best home . Someday I will have an amazing doggie again , but for right now I'm just counting my blessings . I'm already feeling a little better ( still sick ) but ambrotose is a savior !! 
I'm not sure if I like the new facebook - it's taking me too long to do the basics ! 
I think I'm done Christmas shopping - I need to get wrapping paper and another box of cards but other than that I'm finished ! Its a relief ! Hope everyone elses Holiday stress will go down soon too ! 
Day 5 of my cold : really exhausting , can hardly lift my arms , now that I'm home I now cannot breathe through my nose at all , still hardly have a voice , my skin is burning but I am freezing ... My plan : Sleep , take meds , sleep , take meds ... pray tomorrow will be better ... 
Well , today was hard ! I couldn't talk without a voice 90% of the day , and it a mental fight to stay all day through the pain and lack of breathing . I got it done ! Hopefully I can get extra sleep in and knock this cold out . 
I hurt so bad , I have no voice , and I'm still sick . I feel like dying right now . It's so bad I can't sleep . I don't know what to do with myself . 
Well , I finally slept a little . 10 hours with doctors yesterday , over 7 at the hospital's ER . I couldn't take the pain anymore , and apparently my body was so dehydrated they couldn't find veins . I've got 5 more prescriptions now - I think its going to get better ... 
Day 11 of being sick and I still feel like complete crap . I kept down almost all my liquids today , thank God ! 
Day 12 - is starting off really nauseous ... damn , I just really want to be able to breathe , and drink water without puking it ... I'm so sick of being sick . 
omg ... had to let a really bitter pill melt on my tongue and I can't get the flavor to go away ... tried drinking fluids , scraping my tongue , brushing my teeth , mouth wash ... lol it's disgusting , and I'm wondering how one pill can be that gross ... 
I want to write a book . I can't ever seem to get past a few chapters though . I've got too many ideas and not enough follow through . Everything sounds like a good idea when you're sick . :P 
Spent the day with < PROPFIRST > for his birthday . Presents , < PROPMALE > Potter in theatre , movies at home , and dinner with the parents . Tomorrow is Pop-pop's birthday and a joint large family party . Yay ! Really exhausted though . Beyond . I planned ahead with an early night last night and tonight so I can get through it . Can't wait to sleep . 
Happy B-day Pop-pop ! We're celebrating Pop-pop and < PROPFIRST>'s b-days at Grammy and Pop-pop's house tonight around 5:30 pm ( in case you forgot ) and everyone is welcome to come to Casa < PROPMALE > Rio at 4pm for some dinner before hand . :D 
Well , we got the tree up . It was so exhausting for me to watch < PROPFIRST > that I had to take a nap . Sad story ! I'm sick of my head hurting , face hurting , and not being able to taste food still . Tonight I'm going to try to make my fake tree look real and decorate it . I hope I have the energy ! 
I hope this stops soon . I spent over 12 hours puking up water again . I physically hurt everywhere and I can't even explain it . This is making me feel crazy . I just want to feel normal again . 
Praying for positivity . Looking for some Jolly up in here ! I put some tunes on ( not killing my head , whoot ) and I'm hoping the tree will finally be ready ! Then it's time to wrap up Christmas , literally . :D 
Stolen from another fb page : Christmas gift suggestions : To your enemy , forgiveness . To an opponent , tolerance . To a friend , your heart . To a customer , service . To all , < PROPFEMALE > . To every child , a good example . To yourself , respect .  ~ Oren < PROPMALE > 
Went to the family Xmas party and made it through a little while but my head hurts too much to enjoy it properly . Plus I felt nauseous . Was great to see the kiddos so excited and I always love seeing my family . It's getting to look a lot like Christmas ... 
I'm \fa la la la\ " -ing around the house . Its jolly time guys ! :D " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Hope it was < PROPFEMALE > and jolly ! Have a wonderful day with your friends and family ! I know I felt so happy this morning . It's a magical time of year ! 
Turkey dinner at my parents this afternoon ( like Thanksgiving again ! ) and I'm exhausted again . Now that all the Christmas stuff is done I can just stay home in bed again . I love the holidays I just wish I felt up for all of it ! 
Another fab night of < PROPFIRST > cooking for me while I supervise and teach . He made us Shepard's Pie , and it was great ! Tomorrow I'm going to try to cook for him , but we'll see how my energy is . If not I'll pull up a chair and nicely order him around the kitchen ... then movies and cuddle time ! < PROPFIRST>'s taking good care of his sick girl . 
So ... today my new buffet ( parent's gift to me ) is being delivered ! Yay ! It matches my kitchen island !! I have cabinets and drawers now ( kitchen is < PROPFEMALE > ) . Also , movies and a nice dinner I'm cooking for < PROPFIRST > for date night . And a nap is going to be necessary for the excitement ( and the raging face/headaches I have ) . Life is still good . 
Perfect day with the perfect person . I feel loved , full ( best dinner ever ) and happy ! Other than some pressure in the back of my head , it's been a really great day ... I'm exhausted though . Didn't have enough time for my half-day nap . I'm really hoping the doctor has good news for me tomorrow ! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile . 
I went to the Dr again today . Still exhausted and in pain , BUT I get to return to work next week half days . I'm working 4 hrs Mon-Sat . Hopefully I'll make it through good , and that I'll keep getting stronger for the next week ! 
Hope everyone has a fabulous New Year's < PROPFEMALE > and a safe fun time ! 
Crossing fingers for a good day ! 
Hurting a little but got through my first day back without feeling like death so I'd say that's a success ! 
Why do I always get hit on at work by men 45 to 65 years old ? I'm 26 ! Nay nay ! Not to mention the live in bf ... or the fact I'd feel really weird dating someone even 10 years older than me . I guess it's flattering and better than nothing , but REALLY ?! 
My face hurts so badly ... I feel like I've been punched ! And my body is aching everywhere ! Geez . I'm only working part time , I feel like I should not be this exhausted or hurting . I'm so sick of this ! 
Thinking positive thoughts for a good day today . Anyone know some positive affirmations off the top of your head ? 
Done with another Dr. ' s appt . I'm exhausted ... games , nap , dinner , bedtime ... 
I'm feeling sad for the tragedy today . I don't know if it was confirmed Gifford's was shot in the head , or if one of the 11 was an 8 year old boy , but no matter who was hurt it was absolutely outrageous ! I feel sick when I think how people are able to massacre like that . It makes me sad that people are arguing over who to blame instead of offering prayers and support to the people that have lost loved ones . 
I helped < PROPFIRST > register for his classes and such yesterday and I'll admit I'm jealous ! I want to go back to school ! I would love to finish my degree - its not financially possible right now but I will get to it as soon as I can ! 
Feeling a bit more rested after the weekend . I have a ton of Dr. s appts this week with some specialists . I'm feeling hopeful ! Work was a good day today and between that and Saturday I think my sales were rockin ' . Feeling good about that even if I can only work part time this week . 
I've found about $5k worth of shoes I would love to own . Totally unreasonable , but I'm going to day dream anyway ! 
One more Dr appt this week and then I can plan my weekend . I'm in a lot of pain today ... learned some techniques last night to help out with that . I'm going to keep smiling and hope that my day follows my lead . 
Lately past issues have been coming up that are bumming me out . I've had < PROPFIRST > to listen , but it's like ... wth . Where is this crap coming from ? I'm having bad dreams about the past . Be gone damn spot ! 
Today = success . Dinner delicious , the movie Dilemma was enjoyable , then watching the Steelers kill the Ravens topped it off . Not to mention the company ( < PROPFIRST > ) was great too . :D 
Target , groceries and lots of prep/cooking for the week . Then off to see my cousin before he heads back to Maine . It's going to be a good day . 
I'm loving Mumford and Sons right now . Totally craving the husky voice and awesome guitar solos . Mmm . 
Sooo tired . Looking forward to the weekend . :D 
Long day at work today - over 10 hours at the branch . Hopefully it flies by and I help a lot of people ... 
Getting a facial today for the first time in like 5 years or more . I have a $50 off and a $20 off coupon and I can use both ! whoot ! Then family dinner/game night . Good times today . 
Excited for the Super Bowl . Green Bay and the Steelers ! Both games had amazing come backs today but both < PROPMALE > on to their wins . So happy ! 
I need a good massage right about now . If only I was < PROPMALE > and had a personal masseuse on speed dial whenever I wanted .... ahhh to daydream . lol 
Today was painful . Literally , not figuratively . I felt like forks were stabbing me under my cheek bones , my brow bone and behind my eyes . Meanwhile , I got my job done , and was able to keep a smile on my face and not let clients know ... that's a good way to handle it , I think ! 
Fraudulent charges on my account ... soooo frustrating . I help people with this all the time , but I hate it more when it happens to me . Gah . 
< PROPFIRST > and I did early birthday shopping for me today . So fun ! :D I love my boyfriend ... he's the best ! 
Today was ridiculously painful . I don't know how I made it through with a smile . I cried most of my lunch . I'm going to bed early tonight ... 
Feeling positive about today ! I'm going to put on a happy face , things are going to go well , and I'm going to leave work feeling like a lot was accomplished . :P 
It was a really good day . I had so many really nice clients compliment me today , and I felt really special . I had a man say \I wasn't a grungy old guy I'd hit on you\ " after he told me how pretty he thought I was and how beautiful he thought my eyes are . lol " 
Like Thanksgiving , I'm feeling grateful . I am glad I have a roof over my head , a warm house , running water , lots of blankets , and no house issues . I'm feeling for the rest of town who are having freezing/bursting pipes , or no gas to warm their homes . I'm hoping everyone can get those things fixed quickly and have safe places to go until they do . 
Super Bowl !!!!! Yay ! Go Steelers ! 
Going to try out a new exercise and stretching regimen tomorrow . Working on new pain techniques too . I'm feeling loved and supported the last couple days and just hoping I can gain some new strengths soon . :P 
Took me all day ( because I needed breaks ) but dinner was chicken with a green bean casserole ( homemade mushroom soup and cheese sauce ) and then a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > stuffing . I also did my exercise and stretching but today might have been a far stretch . Too much I think . 
Sooo ... my fav holiday is tomorrow ( not because I'm in a relationship ) because I love getting to celebrate in my life !! I'm really excited ! 2 days more and I'm having a birthday ! Should be a nice few days . :P 
Not feeling so hot but still looking forward to spending < PROPFIRST>'s Day with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ... the couch and movies are already calling my name . :P Still plan to get my exercise and stretching done though . It's a must do every day now . 
Free Redbox Movie !! Enter code : BEMINE at checkout for < PROPFIRST>'s Day only ! Have a great one guys - just thought you should know :D 
< PROPFIRST > outdid himself with a whole box of See's candies - but only my fav raspberry strawberry truffle kind ! :D And giftcard for a spa day !! I'm feeling very lucky right now . I have a great boyfriend ... and all I really wanted was time together and a good cuddle ! 
I think I'm going to do some baking . Had trouble sleeping again , body is aching and I'm hoping moving around will loosen me up . Tomorrow's b-day so I've got to be in tip-top shape ! 
B-day breakfast with my aunt/godmother ( same b-day ) and tonight it's dinner with my parents and < PROPFIRST > ! :P Right now I just want to sleep though ... if only my body would let me nap like it used to ! lol 
Anyone having a breakfast craving in Tucson ? I am ! If you're up for it leave me a message or call and I'll set it up for one morning this week :D 
I hate that I feel so exhausted all the time ! I just want some energy to get things done ! In the meantime , someone want to take over the cleaning/cooking/etc at my house ? lol 
Haircut tomorrow ! Yay ! First time in like ... 6 months ? I earned this one ! 
Agh - bad weather = bad pain . 
It snowed in Tucson of all places ! Weird to see snow on roofs and yard - in a desert of all places ! Now I know why the pain has been so much worse - crazy weather changes ! Wow ! Snow ! 
Yesterday we went to see about knee replacement for < PROPFIRST > and now the doctors are saying that his cartilage is softened and will continue to soften but they wont help him until there is none left ! So he's in severe pain and can't do normal things - but wait 10 years or so until he's so disabled he can't move and then we'll help ! Stupid VA . Makes me so angry . 
So the US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals . I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your First Amendment is better than my Second Amendment .. Repost if you feel the same . 
I love sitting with < PROPFIRST > listening to < PROPFEMALE > rock bands and writing or drawing . Lately that's all I've been up to - and it's nice to just be with him and try to relax when I can . 
OMG I'm in pain from the physical body work I did yesterday but already my back is sitting better - my shoulders are sitting back and only sitting straight up feels good ! Worth it ... getting better slowly but still - getting better ! 
Free pilates , yoga , stretching & dance classes tomorrow 8-12 at Animas ! Becca(cousin ) is having open house ! Craycroft/River - come see me ! :D 
