I hate PAIN , Messed up my lower back last week and can barely move .... Joy 

So damn busy all the time , WHY ? 
yay heathens back in school ! finaly some quiet time 
bleh , no one ever coments my photos . I'm a lost entity on the web . 
bleh , no one ever comments on me photos , I'm just a lost entity on the web 
what was I thinking ? I'm now helping cordinate an even that hosts between 1k to 2k people over 3 days !!! Anyone wants to add me to their IM its either paith2001 @yahoo for yahoo . dracolumina@Live.com for MSN and madmonkpaith for AIM 
Mah dog died , Bleh , going out drinking 
But my dreams they aren't as empty As my conscience seems to be 
Zimbabwe . ( Reuters ) - Prostitutes in Zimbabwe have raised their rates by 67 percent -- from US $2.80 to $4.60 per night -- and they are looking for countenance . Housewives should sympathize with us and I am appealing to them to urge their husbands to bring more money when they go to beerhalls , said a spokeswoman for the Prostitutes Association of Zimbabwe . 
ACCRA , Ghana ( Reuters ) - Ghanan newspapers report that angry mobs have lynched or beaten to death at least 12 self-proclaimed sorcerers over alleged Penis Snatching . The deaths stem from a scheme where the sorcerers touch men , then tell the victims their penises will shrink or disappear unless they pay for an antidote . Many victims seem to have little tolerance for this and take revenge on the spot . 
Cats and dogs must have a permit to have sex in Ventura County , CA . 
Life sucks 
Gots to get ready to take daughter to \daddy daughter dance \"" 
Its after nights like last night that I'm glad I don't suffer from hangovers :) 
I will never let you fall I'll stand up with you forever I'll be there for you through it all Even if Saving you sends me to heaven 
What does it take to have one damn day off and to be able to relax ? 
Every now and then I try to masturbate a big word into my conversatons , even if I don't know what it means . 
like a tree , reaching for the sky , I stand alone 
you ever drink so much you wish you hadn't ??? well Im not quite there yet but I am feeling it 
Sleep , I tried that once and liked it , now if I could just figure out how to do it again ! 
Off to game night and exhausted already before even starting ... 
words of wisdom .... Most people live without ever waking up . 
sitting in class , and I just realize that someone pacing back and forth in front of me bugs the hell out of me 
sometimes you have to loose your mind to come to your senses . 
I've tried so hard to be understanding , now I just want to friggin hurt people 
HAPPY HAPPY DANCE TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting beat in the face hurts !!, and bloody to 
Ok , I REALLY hate moving 
today I .... crap , forgot what I was doing 
yay , Downloading the Starcraft II beta now 
Weird dream last night , I bought a horse and rode it across the US 
ok , I reaaaaaaaaaaaly hate moving . Been moving and helping people move for almost the whole damn month now ! 
Single again and loving it ! let the lines begin 
Bad thing about being single , Going to bed alone sucks 
I will trade you my three 
Warm weather finaly here , got armor almost all the way done , war this weekend , should be a blast 
people can go screw themselves 
friends smile to your face as they reach around and stab you in the back 
Weeeeeee had a bit to much to drink I htink 
once upon a time I could sleep , now if I could just remember how to 
I feel ...... alone 
I have to have something hot in the morning , be it either cofee , tea , cocco , or some random woman 
I am not helpless , I am only alone . It's not the same thing 
bleh , trying to figure out something to do 
JUST REMEMBER What you see isn't always what you get . My smile , my laugh , my life .... NONE OF IT IS REAL . 
you ever just have a morning where you want to hurt people 
I'm confused , I don't know what to think anymore 
If i haven't seen you naked enter your name below so we can sort this problem out :P 
Ok Off to help set up for crown 
meh , I'm a bit confused right now 
Ok , I hate pain 
happy birthday to me , i got to spend a few hours in the ER 
Thanks for the Happy birthdays , I got more of them yesterday than I had ever on any of my other ones 
Ok , its official , I dislike being in pain 
Can I die now 
Bleh , I'm bored , and I found out that pizza don't taste good the second time around 
ug , having a hard time keeping anything down and coughing so damn hard my ribs hurt 
if you saw me cuffed in the back of a police car , what would you think I was arrested for ? 
I have an awesome idea , but first I'll need a zebra , bungee cords , jello , and a partner in crime . Any takers ? 
hmm ... I wonder what I am thinking 
Those three words\ 
Are said too much\ 
They're not enough 
I'm not allowed to eat the blue colored crayons , they make me hyperactive . 
I wanna do it with u.I wanna make u hot&sweaty . I wanna hear your heart beat . I wanna hear us breathing heavily . Let's do it . Let's go jogging . what were u thinking ? 
has too often seen people and thought , \There goes the reason contraceptives were invented \"." 
ug , sick of being sick , I don't seem to be getting better 
would someone please make the < PROPFEMALE > go round stop . it impedes my ability to stand up straight !! 
cough cough cough ... sniff sniff .. and if that's not enough my throat feels like it's been raped by a hedgehog !!! 
I'm doing it again .... people get close to me and I push them away . why do I always do this 
if I forget to wake up in the morning , would anyone really care ? 
You want an honest answer , fine , I'm not ok , I havn't been forever . in fact even on good days with my pain all I want to do is die 
There's truth behind every \just kidding\ " . Knowledge behind every \ " I don't know\ " \ 
... No one understands or cares what's happening to me on the inside . Just keep putting it all on my shoulders , one day I'll fall down and won't get back up . 
I hate being sick , My head is spinning , I hurt all over and nothing wants to stay in my stomach . I've lost 10 lbs in less than a week 
If I ended my life today , how many people do you think would notice ? Furthermore , how many people do you think would care ? 
Sometimes its easier to hide what you feel ... Sometimes its easier to pretend you're happy ... Sometimes its easier to push everyone else away ... Time to < PROPMALE > the mask again ... 
heading out to the Adna trestle for a couple of hours to sit above the water and do some thinking 
tired 
How about everyone who visits my profile has to describe me in one word . Just one word people . 
I'm done putting everyone else as a priority in my life , when I'm only an option in there's . , so I'm going back to my old ways , I can't get hurt that way . 
You will always see me smiling , but have you ever really looked into my eyes ?! 
When you hide so much pain from everyone , its hard to ask for help . Every smile is a lie , everything I do is to hide . I think I'm afraid to be happy 
once you've been hurt , it is so hard to get attached again . The fear that it will happen again is what builds the walls around your heart . 
I am thinking I need to go to the doctor today about my face 
welp , went to the doctor about my face . He said I have < PROPFEMALE>'s palsy which is mainly caused by the same virus that causes chicken pox . So I have to deal with a half paralyzed face for about 3 weeks . Yay . Damn Chicken pox virus , it gave me shingles about 4 years ago , I guess its not done with me yet . 
wonders what people would say or do if i just disappeared out of nowhere without saying a thing or seeing anyone before i leave 
Once you have been hurt enough , you learn to disconnect with your emotions . You can't hurt those who don't feel ! 
If you don't like the things I say on my wall .. then get the hell off of my friends list . 
Pain , its good for you . Reminds you that you are alive ! 
All mistakes I ever made were when I wanted to say No , and said Yes . 
Dear Migraine , Nothing dear about you because you suck ! You've ruined my day and generally are making me miserable . I hate you ! Me 
Good morning migraine , how are you this morning . Will you try to dominate my day ? I sure the hell hope not 
to the person that owns the voodoo doll of me , please stop sticking the nails in it please 
Is wondering why he even bothers .. 
Can I crawl back into my cozy shell and hide from the world again ? 
Have you ever noticed it's hard to argue with someone when there naked ? 
Had interview today , Was a bit nervous since it was my first interview in damn near 6 years , but hey I think it went good and I actually got to talk to a person instead of just dropping off app . 
Ug , pushed my self a bit to much yesterday and today feels like someone is pounding a railroad spike into my head . 
Meh , I need a new hobby . Something new to do 
It takes crazy to know crazy , and I think I just went pro . 
sits and contemplates 
There is a fine line between genius and crazy ... I like to use that line as a jump rope 
bleh , down day 
well I was going to fix my < PROPFIRST > today ... but I killed the battery . 
my soul is fighting a battle you will never understand\ 
and the worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up 
bad night , lots of tossing and turning I didn't even want to try to get up this morning 
sitting back , watching a movie and finishing my chainmail Coif . 
People hurt me , criticize me , turn their backs on me , time and time again . They kill me slowly , and then ask me what my problem is . 
Had a blast last night , went out and had some fun . Dressed up in my armor and went to costume thing at bar here , I got petted so many times by people and I got a bit stupid drunk 
yeah whatever 
... I realize I don't look like I'm in pain ; you don't look like an imbecile . Looks CAN be deceiving . 
And to close out Breast Cancer awareness month , I am now offering Free breast exams to show my support . Sign below to reserve your spot . 
back from fight practice , First real one since I hurt my knee . Had a friggin blast 
Meh , why is it you can be exhausted , so you decide to go to bed and as soon as you lay down you are wide awake 
My imaginary friend filed a restraining order against me .... 
Great , first my imaginary friend got a restraining order against me , and now he is suing me 
Attention everyone ! I'm sorry but no one can say my name \ 
anymore . It has been worn out . Someone was screaming it all night . I apologize \ 
for any inconvenience 
meh trying to keep my status message upbeat and light , but I think I am loosing my grip on things 
spoooooooooooooooooooooon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The unknown distance to the great beyond\ 
Stares back at my grieving frame\ 
To cast my shadow by the holy sun\ 
My spirit moans with a sacred pain\ 
And it's quiet now\ 
The universe is standing still 
whoever said anything was possible obviously never tried slamming a revolving door 
Ug , I'm a glutton for punishment . Took it into my mind to try to learn how to make an external program I'm writing in C# to connect to my online MYSQL database 
People are always telling me I need to let go of the past . I can't let go , it makes me who I am today and if I did , some people would not come out alive . 
Shopping list : Wii Remote , overhead projector , High speed cooling fan , Infrared LED , Power brick , and about 5 feet of wire . 
Shopping list : Wii Remote , food coloring , overhead projector , High speed cooling fan , Infrared LED , Power brick , duct tape , cardboard , 5 gallons of hydrochloric acid , a rheostat , and about 20 feet of copper wire . 
Step 1 done : Wii remote hacked to work on the computer , Step 2 , convert LCD monitor into overhead projector underway 
Happy veterans day to all our brave veterans that gave their lives to make it so we can be free 
It's Veteran's Day , originally called Armistice Day as the guns went silent at the end of WWI . If you enjoy your freedom , THANK A VETERAN ! 
Every person in your life will serve a different purpose at a different time . Some entertain you , some enlighten you , and some piss you off daily . 
sleep , it used to be a good friend of mine , but I haven't seen him in a while 
what a day 
revelation : For over 30 years I have sat back in the background excelling at what I put my hand to , never in the foreground . Normally I work my ass off and get forgotten . You know , I'm tired of being the forgotten one . I want to step out into life 
Should you find yourself a victim of other people's bitterness , ignorance , smallness or insecurities remember things could be worse ~ You could be one of them ! 
Ok , I'm bored again , already snuck up on a blind person , had a nice conversation with the mail box down the street , and counted out how many teaspoons of sugar was in a 5 lb bag . Maybe now I will go run naked down the street 
I hate to advocate drugs or liquor , violence , insanity to anyone . But in my case it’s worked 
what if i was in your ______ and i was _____ing your _____ how would you feel ? \ 
Fill In The Blanks\ 
below 
Every day I'm forced to be a magician in a world where magic doesn't exist ... 
yay ich liebe Schnee 
hmm , note to self . populating a D&D dungeon while watching terminator does not bode well for the players 
Manchmal musst du dein Herz kalt wie Eis so deine Tränen nicht verbrennen so viel , wenn sie fallen 
Ok , 127 Piers < PROPFIRST > books loaded onto the Ereader , time to kick back and read 
woke up this morning with a migraine , knee and shoulder hurting , and left hand tingling . Don't you just love days like that 
bleh 
Just don't seem to care anymore and is just ready to go to sleep were everything make sense and is perfect . 
my humor is my gift , my laughter is my soul , my mind is my lair with stories to be told , and wisdom to learn from the young and old , I'm me , take it or leave it 
wow , I'm a pretty pathetic piece of crap 
This is why I DON'T trust people and why I DON'T ask for your HELP !! When I trust i get hurt time and time again !! I am not going to name names but You'll know who you are when you read this ! 
sorry about my outburst yesterday , those offending parties have been talked to and dealt with 
once upon a midnight dreary , while I pondered weak and weary 
When I eventually snap and conquer the world , you will have a place in my government ... Maybe . 
wow , set out with a mission today to do a certain number of things , and I think I have only gotten one thing done , I think 
Meh , computer acting up . Hard drive being wonky , not sure if its failing or if its overheating , got to tear apart computer and replace a fan to find out 
My phone is missing so I can't get any calls or texts . Does anyone happen to have an old sprint phone they are not using ? 
Is talking to himself , yes talking to himself . Because I am the only one listening and understanding what I have to say 
wants to live in a world where chickens can live without their motives being questioned . Why did the chicken cross the road ? NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS PEOPLE !! 
Pounding\ 
pounding\ 
pounding out code at the keyboard\ 
plotting evil\ 
I should upload my brain to the internet 
Wow , what a night , lots of dreams about old friends rediscovered 
you ever cough so hard you see stars ..... 
Meh , can't sleep . 
OMG WHAT is that great ball of fire in the sky !!!!! 
Meh , has to make a huge decision 
Interesting , one of the symptoms of Fibromyalgia is possible migraines 
Lovely , wake up this morning and my left leg is on fire and hurts to touch it 
Well that was cool , got the plugs changed in my < PROPFIRST > , what a pain in the ass . Stuck the key in and turned it and the < PROPFIRST > said \I LOVE YOU\ " and roared to life with a half dead battery without even turning over a couple of times . \ 
Ug , pain on the brain 
anotherday , anotherpain I hate these runs 
The voices in my head have started speaking in Japanese , I need to hire a translator 
So yeah , I go to tear apart my computer to replace a bad fan ... 4 casefans laying around and ALL of them have the wrong plugin 
Good gaming night , did a trial run using Maptools to help map things while playing , was very happy . now its time for bozo to sleep . 
one pain , two pain , three pain , ouch 
On a friends laptop right now , Wihtout internet at this moment . Something about window 7 64 bit don't like some wireless cards . 
back online .. kind of sortof . got the wireless card to work but its very very buggy in 64 bit Windows 7 , got some more experementing to do . 
Ok , wireless running as good as it can without me going out and spending money . Can't do much with it but I can at least have contact with people now 
So , if I had to shoot someone , do you think I could ? and if I could , could it be a friend ? 
My arm feels like its going to fall off , can I cut it off so it don't hurt anymore 
wants to go where nobody knows my name . feel like going for a walk , alone , on the hillside or a lonely beach in the dark , with nothing but the < PROPFEMALE > to guide me . 
ug , wiped out and so damn tired 
says when life hands you lemons , make lemonade , pee in it and serve it to the people that piss you off 
So , if you was on a Planet colinization team , and could only take 1 ton of something along including your clothes , what would you take 
Things might just actualy be getting better 
Ive loved , Ive lost and loved again . Love is caring , love is hope . This is who i am , my heart may be fragile to love , but its the hope in love that keeps me going 
One of these days , I will finaly get around to learning what a full night sleep is 
damn , ninja , commas , are , after , me , again , they , are , everywhere , watch , out , for , them 
How come , everytime I start to feel bad about myself some random chick hits on me 
Ug , my hair hurts and my teeth itch 
To exhausted to think straight . . . please use small words . Pictures help . 
wheeeeeeeee !!! coffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffee coffeecoffeecoffeecoffee !!! wheeeeee !!! 
Bad night , up every hour because of a migraine and having a lot on my mind 
Sitting here contemplating dreams and probabilities on whats to come based on decisions that I will make in the new few months . 
Off to the store to get stuff to make fudgeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
ug , slept wrong , back hurts , chest hurts , heads pounding . I feel like I've fallen off of a house , eaten by a dog that proceeded to regurgitate me on the highway and then ran over by a truck . But at least the fudge is done 
Content with the world at the moment 
The voices in my head have voices in their heads 
Ug , 1500 mg naproxen , two 800 mg Ibuprofens , three 500 mg percosets , and a muscle relaxer and my shoulder is still on fire . 
Me brain , she canna ' take much more o ' this . it refuses ter slow down 
< PROPFIRST > Hood and Little John\ 
Walkin ' through the forest\ 
Laughin ' back and forth 
Dear Insomnia .. I think we really need to break-up ... I don't love you anymore ... 
SPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON\ 
\ 
Ok I feel better now 
all you have to do is soak your < PROPFEMALE > and spread your seed . 
Time to start planning my drive across the US from Washington to Tennessee 
Smile , it makes your butt tingle 
good lord , my head is starting to pound and my chest hurts 
my psychiatrist said I had violent tendencies . So I hit him with a chair 
??????????????????????? 
So I went to walmart pets department and looked over at the fish tank and poked it . All the fish swam away ! They don't know me and they already hate me . So I scream \I HOPE YOU DROWN IN THAT WATER !! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas tae aw , hiner < PROPFEMALE > day is filled wi ' fin . 
I need 1lb bag of skilltes . 1.75 liters of vodka , some empty water bottles and some coffee filters . 
Ack , my hair wants to take over the world , its strangling me 
Ok , here goes , sleep attempt number 1 
Friends Are Like Potatoes , \ 
If you eat them ... they die . 
I had some witty smart assed remark to put here about life , but well it got lost somewhere , I think my brain took it with it when it went on vacation 
Sleep , I did that once ....... I liked it 
I'm not strange ... I'm a \Limited Edition \"" 
Hates it when you help others and all they do is turn their back on you , like you were never even good enough ... 
I have finally got used to wearing the straight jacket ; however , typing with my tongue still posses somewhat of a challenge 
Washington state has a law against having sex with a virgin ... even on her/his wedding night . 
for those that are asking , my tentative plan is to leave to go to Spokane on the 12th or the 13th if I get the moneys that are to paid to me , if I don't it will be about a week later 
or those that are asking , my tentative plan is to leave to go to Spokane on the 12th or the 13th if I get the moneys that are to paid to me , if I don't it will be about a week later 
i love those guys in white ! they make me feel so loved ! they gave me a jacket so i could hug myself ALL DAY then put me in a cushy room so my butt wouldnt hurt . 
is not recommended for the faint of heart , weak of Spirit or for those with lack of common sense . Batteries not required . * May contain sarcasm * 
drink half a pot of coffee .... fall asleep\ 
drink a six shot mocha .... fall asleep\ 
* pokes his body * you do know what caffeine is suppose to do to your right 
hmm , I think I am getting sleep depreived . I'm starting to taste colors and hear smells 
Wow , migraines and lack of sleep finally caught up with me . 2pm and I have been awake maybe a total of two hours today 
i am tired , physically hurting , angry , sad and worried , all wrapped up in a pretty bow of irritation !!! \ 
How is that for how am I doing ? 
off playing DDO , I'm on Cannith with a monk named Dougal if anyone else is on there 
I've been called a nut , maybe that's why the ninja squirrels are always after me 
hooray for migraines and dizzy spells 
930 , < PROPFIRST > fully loaded , pass is clear and I am OFF 
Made it to Spokane , No problems driving other than loosing my power steering part of the way . Also when I started out the < PROPFIRST > was all over the place . Had to much weight in the back end heh . Had to redistribute the weight and then air up the tires and after that it was smooth sailing . 
spent lots of time with kids , time to sleeeeeep now 
I'm going to hell , who's coming with me ? 
may say something brilliant at any moment . wait for it ... wait for it ... Ah nope I got nothin ' 
Ug , my brain hurts now . Dishwasher torn apart in about 20 pieces , tracign wire diagrams trying to find the problem . Havn't done real electrical work in years . ITS FUN lol 
time to sleep , or at least try to . Got to be up early to get kids ready for school and then tear into more broken appliances to fix . 
its snowing here , going to go out and dance in it naked 
wonders how long it will take to loose what is left of my sanity ? 
Ug , getting sick . throat sore , not used to the climate here . Of course the two hour walk in 17 degree weather probably didnt ' hurt 
