I don't like facebook . 

is in need of a little motivation and inspiration ... 
is about to study for a test ... for the first time ... ever . 
SO excited for BLINK tomorrow ! Who's going ? 
school is cool ... 
Someone help me ! I can't form sentences or make any sense ... See I just did it again . 
needs to study some Contemperary < PROPMALE > History :/ 
What has happened to manners , and consideration for other people ? Some old guy just answered his phone and put it on speaker , and people are just letting there kids run around and scream at the top of their lungs , innnn the LIBRARY . 
is a mad man on the run . 
just changed the language on facebook to pirate , fucking best decision everrrr . 
needs to see Zombieland , and Where the Wild Things Are . 
decided to be < PROPFIRST > Love for halloween ! :) 
also plans to blow up the < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . And some guy is breathing really fucking loud in the LRC . 
is insanely excited , 6 more dayyyyys :) 
is watching Planet Earth . Amazzzing . 
will never understand the pile of bull shit that is < PROPMALE > Warhol . 
I'll understand you , it's my only claim to expertise . 
is going for the Yankees . 
is about to fail a test ! coooool . 
has such a busy life right now , but loves it . 
LAME . 
can't stop listening to < PROPFEMALE > In Chains :) 
I love it when people reinforce my judgments about them . My first instincts are always right , and its time for me to stop ignoring them and letting people into my life that are just going to fuck with me emotionally . Thank you for listening Facebook . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > . 
needs a color explosion glow dome . 
The people behind me are having the best conversation for eavesdropping . I'm learning so much , haha . 
going to San < PROPFIRST > in 6 days !!!! 
Hey I'd like to daze away to a place like no one has known , in a state of mind I could call mine that only I could own . Where I could hum a tune anytime I choose , and then there is no such thing as time . Where I can feel no pain just calm and sane , what a place for one to find . 
boo :( 
This is going to be a good game . Go Chargers ! 
Technology ... I don't dig it . 
coffee withdrawals . shittay . 
phone charger is MIA ! Not good . 
Super bowl or snow ? I can't decide ! 
Who's taking me to see Shutter Island ? 
Someone should buy me the Where the Wild Things Are DVD , yeah ? 
I really want to go see Shutter Island ... 
mmmm coffee and world religions . 
... can't ... focus ... 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Farrell , how I love you . 
I want sunshine ! 
has a job again ! wooh ... 
Someone take me to Belize , pleaze ? 
I want to watch The Lord of the Rings so badly right now . 
nap time ! 
come on baby , light my fire . 
That was fun . haha . 
Hello weekend :) 
I think you're constipated , in your fucking soul . God , I love this movie . 
I never lose anything , and then I lose my favorite pair of sunglasses , this is really bothering me :( 
I always forget how much I love listening to Hole . 
Totally scored at the swap meet this morning , I love getting Obey clothes for cheap ! 
Oh my god , silence ! 
Since when do I stress out so much ? 
Bye bye blonde ! 
Life's so much better when you're asleep :) Good night ! 
I always wondered who listed to Akon ... Then I met @Masha Zhuravleva . 
I hate when people share too much personal information during casual conversation . 
Maybe if everyone stopped facebooking about earthquakes , they would go away :) 
Last Comic Standing is really awkward , and super hilarious . 
I have no idea why I just watched ' < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > J : A Family Business ' for 40 minutes ... What a waste of my life . 
10 minute breaks are like torture . Back to work ! 
So Moopie just ran into my room with a live mouse , isn't she sweet ? 
Same shit , different day . I need some changeee . 
Some will fall in love with life and drink it from a fountain , that is pouring like an avalanche coming down the mountain . 
I'm like a chill catalyst , a catalyst of all things chill and mellow :) 
WHATEVER YOU DO DON'T SAY ANYTHING ABOUT WHAT JUST HAPPENED . 
Everyday feels like Sunday , baby . 
Pretty sure I just had an epiphany , and it explains everything ... 
Looking for a car really sucks . Who wants to give me one ? :) 
Shark week starts tomorrow ! 
Oh shiiiit , The 400 Blows on instant queue !!!! I looove Netflix . 
Mr. Frosty's for breakfast , then hitting up Laguna Beach ! Couldn't be more excited for tomorrow ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes !!!! :D 
I really don't want to start school tomorrow :/ 
Schools not too bad , I get to start cutting hair on wednesday ! :D 
I have no idea how I'm going to find a model for state board , I don't know anyone who can sit and not talk for 3 hours . 
I love all the fucking crazy people at the DMV . They make the wait so entertaining ! 
Shushi or no shushi ? 
I want to go on vacation . 
I guess I love to challenge myself by always waiting until the very last minute to write long essays . Go me . 
Completely drained . 
At a jazz lounge with Masha , what a lovely friday night :) 
I don't miss people , I dismiss them ;) 
Dudeee , I would love to go on a vacation right about now . 
I seriously hate technology . Kind of ironic ? 
I feel like chopped liver . 
Moms know everything ! 
Does anyone have any good book recommendations ? 
Finally have some free time to go to LA with my favorite lady :) 
I VOTED ! Wooooh ! 
Thank you NyQuil ! 
y 
Holy shit , never shopping on black friday ever again . 
I just tried shark for the first time , it was fucking delicious . Blue Water is my new favorite place to eat ! 
Already having an off day . 
I'll be back when this number game is over ... 
I miss having time to watch tons of movies :( 
I feel like such a Scrooge . 
Why do I have to be at work by 630 ? FML 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > and England ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
I still love to eavesdrop in coffee shops ... 
I'm happy to be living life with < PROPMALE > again ! I missed my car :) 
One day I wanna copy someones status word for word and see if they notice . 
Getting wasteyyy TGIF style ! I love < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I'm really trying hard to not be one of those pessimistic hating valentines day kind of people . So far its not going well ... 
California face with a down south rump ;) 
The most entertaining eaves dropping experience of my life . Most comedic first date I've ever witnessed first hand . 
Having such a good time right now ! 
Checking in at Chipolte with @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and 1500 other people . 
