I can only be me and true to my feelings . Logic and love do not always come together , but it is illogical to go against love if it is true and real . Love is not always beautiful and easy , but it is always the right choice . I am blessed that even though I am contradictory and confusing at times , I am always surrounded by friends and family that trust and believe in my ability to be true to myself . 

I can't stand playing games - it's time to grow up and own your ' ish ! 
Living with integrity means : •Not settling for less than what you know you deserve in your relationships . •Asking for what you want and need from others . •Speaking your truth , even though it might create conflict or tension . •Behaving in ways 
To exist is to change , to change is to mature , to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly . 
Back to School shopping for the kids ... mom wants to shop too ! :( 
Going back to school ! AHHHHH - Wish me luck . 
NCCJ/CCEJers ... Many of you will remember < PROPFIRST > from PAAL . Unfortunately , < PROPFIRST > passed away a few days ago . Please send Blessings and Prayers to his family and friends . 
\Do you wish people to think well of you ? Don't speak well of yourself . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Gordon : If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself , you would have left them long ago . e . e . cummings : We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us is valuable , worth listening to , worthy of our trust , sacred to our touch . Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity , wonder , spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit . 
Woke up this morning realizing how BLESSED I am ! This time two years ago , I was soooo stressed and unhappy and it seemed like nothing would get better . BUT , BUT - Guess What ?! It got BETTER , yes it did ! :) 
Why did summer have to end ?! I hate the first month of school - waking up early , staying up late doing homework , no TV until the weekend - wait that's not my kids schedule - it's mine ! :} 
Don't expect life to be fair , but be as fair as YOU can be . 
Can I tell you how much I HATE being the MC at these work events !?! Anyone who knows me , knows I'm not big on parties or social scenes , so how did I get the job of being the School Wide Event Coordinator and MC ?! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! ( sorry just needed to vent . :} ) 
Chicken and Waffles , Shopping , TOO much Laughter !!! Why'd it take y'all so long to get down here ?! LOL 
Home sick ... again ! I can't shake this cold/flu thing dang it ! 
\Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless . \"" 
\The dumbest people I know are those who know it all . \"" 
From Now until Thanksgiving Day , I will list people and things I am thankful for ... Day 1 - I am THANKFUL for my mother . She has inspired me when I was down , kicked my butt when I was moping , made me laugh when I wanted to cry , made me take responsibility when I wanted to run and taught me how to be a mother to my children . Thanks , Mom ! :) 
Thankful Day 2 - I am THANKFUL for my challenging teen years . I was awkward , insecure , financially challenged , but by fighting to overcome I have learned grace , confidence and that material objects do not define worth . 
Thankful Day 3 - I am THANKFUL for our dog , < PROPFEMALE > , who likes to sleep on my feet when I'm doing homework late at night ! She keeps my toes warm and listens to my papers intently . :) 
Day 5 Thankful - I am THANKFUL for my daughter's giggle - no matter how stressed I am , her giggle makes me remember being 5 all over again ! 
Day 6 Thankful - I am THANKFUL for my youngest son's energy at 6:30 in the morning - EVERY morning ! He reminds me that there is so much that can be accomplished if you just get up and GO ! :) 
\Gratitude is riches . Complaint is poverty . \"" 
I'm dreaming of a white christmas ... in SoCal ! 
We must not , in trying to think about how we can make a big difference , ignore the small daily differences we can make which , over time , add up to big differences that we often cannot foresee . 
Happy New Year-in this year remember that the best resolutions are the simplest . Love more , laugh more and celebrate the small things in life ! 
hakuna matata 
“Let’s say you’re walking by a pond and there’s a drowning baby . If you said , ‘I’ve just paid $200 for these shoes and the water would ruin them , so I won’t save the baby , ’ you’d be an awful , horrible person . But there are ... 
... millions of children around the world in the same situation , where just a little money for medicine or food could save their lives . And yet we don’t consider ourselves monsters for having this dinner rather than giving the money to Oxfam . Why is that ? ” —Philosopher-psychologist < PROPFIRST > Greene 
“Let’s say you’re walking by a pond and there’s a drowning baby . If you said , ‘I’ve just paid $200 for these shoes and the water would ruin them , so I won’t save the baby , ’ you’d be an awful , horrible person . But there are ... 
It’s much easier to burst someone else’s bubble than to blow up your own . 
Happiness can be learned . The first lesson is expressing gratitude . 
Happiness can be learned . The first lesson is expressing gratitude . The second less is to accept praise . 
Spring break starts tomorrow for me ! 
@ Clippers Game ... 
On the Way to the Family Camping Trip . Kids are already having withdrawals v 
My Goal is Minimalism ... my reality is overload . Mheeeh :( 
\I've been spending way too long checking my tongue in the mirror And bending over backwards just to try to see it clearer But my breath fogged up the glass And so I < PROPFIRST > a new face and laughed I guess what I'm be saying is there ain't no better reason To rid yourself of vanity and just go with the seasons It's what we aim to do Our name is our virtue \"" 
My heart hurts for one of my students . :( 
Ideas for a Saturday needed .... Kid friendly , active , and doesn't involve electronics 
Don't want to be at work today ! Don't want to do homework today ! Don't wanna ! Don't wanna ! Someone give me a reason to play hooky the rest of the day . :) 
Still procrastinating on this stupid paper ! Tell me again why statistics matter ?! :( 
Fifteen years ago today I met the most amazing person ! He taught me what unconditional love meant , how to act goofy and what it means to have your heart forever outside your body . I love his smile , his sense of irony , his impressions and his hugs . He just makes me happy ! Happy Birthday , Romari !! 
\Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being . \"" 
What is your secret dream job ? What would happen if you decided to go for it ? 
@ the comedy club ... 
The goal is to become more patient .... But I'm frustrated I haven't achieved it yet ! Whaaaaaahhhh ;) 
Still awake and I know I'm gonna pay in the morning ... But I'm UP ! Somebody sing me a lullabye ?! 
What am I doin ? What am I doin ? Oh , yep ! That's right ... I'm doin me ! I'm doin me ! 
\If it is not right do not do it ; if it is not true do not say it . \"" 
Up since 5:30 am and facing a 14 hour work day ... Suggestions needed for natural energy . :) 
A woman who loves you unconditionally , tells you like it is , pushes you when you when you want to run , supports you when you falter , laughs with you , crys for you and thinks you are the best thing in the world .... A mother can be biological , adopted , an auntie , sister , friend , mentor or cousin . Whatever or whoever she is- let her know how much you feel blessed to have her in your life . 
Just submitted my final paper for Stats class .... On pins and needles for the grade . Send me positive thoughts . This class beat me up ! 
Just got passed over for a promotion :( 
FRIENDS and FAMILY are what make a life . Work is just what pays for it . Since I have such good FRIENDS and FAMILY , I have a WONDERFUL LIFE ! \ 
\ 
Love Y'all! 
This is for the ladies .... what do you think about a woman's retreat ? I need a < PROPMALE > to reconnect with ALL my gal pals and focus on the three R's - rejuvenation , relaxation and rejoicing . If your really interested , in box me and let's start planning ! 
What if you took two minutes just to focus on another person ? I mean really listen to them and give them all your attention ? I bet it would make a world of difference to them but would only take two minutes for you . 
Name a person whom significantly changed your life . Are they aware of their role in your life ? 
I love it when people I love have something good happen in their life ! It's all about the relationships . :) 
Living in the moment , but planning for the future ... 
On the look out for stuff to put on my vision board ... What takes your breath away ? 
It's n o-o nes job to fulfill your needs . 
In Memorium : to our soldiers who gave the ultimate sacrifice , to those who serve/d and have given more than we know , to those who right now are fighting and wishing they were bbqing instead . To the families and friends who have lost a soldier ... Today may < PROPFIRST > a day of rememberance , but everyday is a day to remember and pay respect for all you have done . 
Commitment = Consistency . Consistency = Daily Effort . Daily Effort = hour by hour , from a distance or nearby , good times or bad . Anything less is not commitment-it's a con 
REALLY not feeling work this day ! Want to sleep , read and head to the mountains . :} 
Made the Deans List . :) 
Really want something , but I've done all I can so know I'm waiting on someone elses decision . Trying to leave it to the powers that be , but I REALLY want this . 
\Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States . Ask any Indian . \"" 
\Now you understand \ 
Do you believe that life occurs in cycles ? It seems like all my < PROPMALE > life events have a 7 -8 year span between them ... and it's been nearly 7 years since my last < PROPMALE > life event ( birth of the twins ) ... I feel a change coming .... 
What's the biggest leap of faith you've taken in your life ? 
Independence - Freedom - Liberty-Equality\ 
Four nouns that have defined , shaped and guided a diverse group of people for 234 years . \ 
May we celebrate all these words and all the people who are around the world living , fighting and dying to give us another 234 years to ' create a more perfect union ' . \ 
Happy Fourth of July to Americans in all our diverse beauty ! 
I need more three day weekends in my life ... 
\You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view . \ " ( from the character Atticus Finch)- Harper < PROPFIRST > " 
Moving Time ! Love the new place ... hate the packing . Who wants to help ? 
My motto has always been , and will always be ... I GIVE what I GET . 
< PROPFIRST > Legend in concert ! :) 
Serious Question - I am looking for information on my dad and I think I found a family member on a social networking site ... do I send a message or is that kind of creepy ? 
Looking for any ' Mitchells ' from the Macon , GA area . Specifically a ' < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>' born in 1941 ... or his relatives since he seems to have passed in 1979 per the SS Index ... 
Heading to hot _SS Arizona to spend some serious girl time with two great ladies ! < PROPFEMALE > & Zinzi , y'all ready ?! 
Had a great time in AZ , but it wasn't long enough ! Friends are like seasonings ... You don't need a lot , just good quality . Love ya , ladies ! 
What's with all these horrible natural disasters ?! 20 MILLION in Pakistan have been flooded out for over 3 weeks now ! The flood zone is equivalent to the size of Italy ... yet hardly any mention of it in the news .... Hmmm , why is that ? 
Dilemma : start working on research paper for class or pack for upcoming move ? Really wanna just watch history channel and eat popcorn ... 
Grumpy , hot and tired ... meeeeeh . :( 
Running out of steam .... 
\insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results \"" 
Moving day has finally arrived ! 
I'm ready ... 
I'm so happy in our new house ... 
Ever feel like there's something about to happen , but you don't know what it is ? Yeah , I've got a small sliver of that going on ... 
Equations are the devil's sentences . - < PROPFIRST > Colbert\ 
Don't accept rides from strange men , and remember that all men are strange . - < PROPFIRST > Morgan\ 
Love these ! :) 
I like it on the doorknob 
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times , always with the same person . 
I want a brazilian keratin blowout for my birthday ... 
16 years together . 9 years of marriage . 3 great kids and 1 hell of a ride ! Today is the anniversary of our legal union ... As unique as we are , so is our marriage . Thank you for being along on the ride . <3 
So amazing watching the first Chilean miner brought to the earths surface after 68 days ..., 2,000 feet below ground , in 500 sq ft with 32 other men ! A miracle and blessing . 
I don't get rude people ... What do they hope to accomplish by their attitude ? 
Just because someone doesn’t love you the way you want them to , doesn’t mean they don’t love you with all they have . 
http://www.itgetsbetterproject.com/ 
I feel SOOO loved after all the birthday wishes ! Thanks to everyone for reminding me how blessed I am to have great family and friends ! 
If it's your job-do it . If you don't know how to- learn or quit ! I'm done with folks passing the buck-own your ish or get out of my way !!! Smdh .... 
Sniffles + couch + old movie = best place to be when you're feeling under the weather 
\Children have never been very good at listening to their elders 
THANK YOU VETS for having the courage to do what others criticize & condemn so that free speech can be our right . 
Friday Family Night .... Need some ideas 
Emotions are celebrated and repressed , analyzed and medicated , adored and ignored -- but rarely , if ever , are they honored . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > McLaren 
The more you care , the stronger you can be . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Rohn 
Yesterday was all about the extended family-aunts , uncles , cousins , grandparents , etc all sharing a Great Thanksgiving Day . Family is a blessing and yesterday provided multiple blessings . \ 
Today was all about immediate family-brothers , sisters , dad and mom ... Everyday blessings that sometimes get taken for granted . 
Need a emotional/spiritual pick me up ... My well is running low and I have much I still need to do . :-/ 
This Holiday Season is not about STUFF ... it's about PEOPLE and TIME . Your presents don't come on the 25th , they arrive every time you spend time with your family and friends . 
The group that's asking everyone to change their profile picture to a favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles . They're doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they see a cartoon . Nothing to do with supporting child violence . It was on the tv show that warns you about internet frauds . Its on Tonights News . Pass this on to everyone who has a cartoon profile picture . 
Civilizations should be measured by the degree of diversity attained and the degree of unity retained . ~ W.H. Auden 
Democracy is the only system that persists in asking the powers that be whether they are the powers that ought to be . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > J . Harris\ 
Politics is the gentle < PROPMALE > of getting votes from the poor and campaign funds from the < PROPMALE > , by promising to protect each from the other . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Ameringer 
Act as if what you do matters . It does . 
Act as if what you do means something . It does . 
What we see depends mainly on what we look for . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Lubbock 
One little person , giving all of her time to peace , makes news . Many people , giving some of their time , can make history . \ 
- Peace Pilgrim\ 
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties , that's his problem . Love and peace are eternal . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Lennon\ 
If you want to make peace , you don't talk to your friends . You talk to your enemies . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Dayan 
What makes Christmas special for you ( and you can't say presents) ? 
I just received a reminder that TODAY is about PEOPLE GIVING of themselves ... Not about materials ' things ' that we will break , lose , or upgrade within the next year . \ 
I received 6 amazing ' hi-tech ' presents today-in order of generation :\ 
1 . My father-in-law , Bonner\ 
2 . My mom , Denise\ 
3 . My husband , R . B . \ 
4 . My oldest son , Romari\ 
5 . My daughter , Ryann\ 
6 . My youngest son , Jayden\ 
I am truly blessed :) 
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Mead 
7 years ago today two little mischievous monsters joined my family . \ 
Today , I can not imagine what my life would have been like without < PROPFEMALE > and Jayden adding their youthful noise to my family . HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my mo'monsters! 
The object of a new year is not that we should have a new year . It is that we should have a new soul . \ 
- G . K . Chesterton 
Is it still flu season ? Somethings going around at work and I think it found me . Boo :( 
So many things to do and finish this year and already I'm feeling like I'm behind schedule and missing a few key things to guarantee success . Anyone got a magic mirror or < PROPFEMALE > godmother to help a gal out ?! Smh ... 
I'm pondering .... does rage ever lead to a productive outlet ? I think no .... It just feeds the negativity within and becomes destructive . If expressing anger ends in fractured relationships , hurt feelings and resentment in the other party then you have not resolved anything- you have feed your rage rather than eradicating it . \ 
Try resolving rather than raging . 
Warning ! This is a very public Bragging statement . \ 
Guess who made the < PROPFIRST>'s List for the past 3 semesters ? Yep , ME ! Looking like I'm heading towards graduating with Honors ! I'm just a bit proud of myself . \ 
Sorry .... You Were Warned . :) 
Packers . Nuff said . 
Groupon- no ! 
Liking the Chrysler commercial . 
Packers . \ 
Green . \ 
And . \ 
Yellow . \ 
Supabowl winnazzzzz ! \ 
:) 
In honor of Black History Month , I suggest the following books and/or movies :\ 
Books :\ 
< PROPMALE > X-book and movie ( he was much more than you think)\ 
Don't Play In the Sun-about light vs dark skim in the Black Community\ 
Roots-really study the history and understand what it has meant for a whole community and nation 
More movies to watch this month .... \ 
Amistad\ 
Glory\ 
Sounder\ 
The Color Purple\ 
Fame\ 
To Sir With Love\ 
Guess Whose Coming To Dinner\ 
The Green Mile\ 
Ray\ 
Bojangles\ 
My Friend Martin\ 
Selma , Lord Selma\ 
A Raisin in the Sun\ 
JT 
\The girl with a future avoids a man with a past . \"" 
I ABSOLUTELY needed to repost this :\ 
\The girl with a future avoids a man with a past . \ " Nuff said . " 
Family Movie nite , fireplace , Breakfast for dinner and no drama . Good night . 
Home again ... With a sick teenager . 
Sick teen infected little sister ... Two out of three sick kids . Little man is playing doctor's assistant and providing Kleenex , water and comic relief ! 
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant . We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Uh-oh .... Sick kid germs have finally permeated my defenses . :( \ 
Who plays mommy when the real mom goes down ? 
I have an urge for a road trip ... good music , a interesting companion , and a destination unknown 
I'm good ... 
I'm loving my kids even more than usual today ... They are HILARIOUS ! :) 
Comfortable or exciting ? Each has it's pros and cons ... 
Compassion-does it mean your a weakling or a strong person ? 
What agencies are starting to prepare aid/relief to Japan ? Where do I volunteer ? 
I miss my friends ! I've been so busy being busy that I've lost touch with some really cool , amazing and needed people in my life .... If you are one of those people ( and I hope you know who you are ! ) then please take this as a public apology and plea for forgiveness . :) \ 
I wanna get back into my social life . ;) 
My iPhone just crashed ! UGGGHHHH . I think its a CON-SPIRACY by ATT to get me to upgrade - must . resist . the . urge . 
Listen as your day unfolds \ 
Challenge what the future holds \ 
Try and keep your head up to the sky \ 
Lovers , they may cause you tears \ 
Go ahead release your fears \ 
Stand up and be counted \ 
Don't be ashamed to cry \ 
You gotta be \ 
You gotta be bad , you gotta be bold \ 
You gotta be wiser , you gotta be hard \ 
You gotta be tough , you gotta be stronger \ 
You gotta be cool , you gotta be calm \ 
You gotta stay together 
Sports do not build character . They reveal it . - Heywood Broun 
My 7 year old ran 3 < PROPMALE > on his first day of his running club ! I get a side cramp just thinking about 3 < PROPMALE > :) SMH 
SO glad it's Friday ! Just need a weekend full of laughter and happy moments . :) 
My 7 year old son ran a 1:30 in the 400m tonight ... 
