wow my new pics are funny !!!!!!!!!!!!! 

people dont know what they talking bout n they bout to get fucked up 
fuck u . u kniow who u r 
got attacked by crabs and chased lol now chillin at the beach house wit < PROPFIRST > 
alright jjjjaaaddddaaa 
chiilll then bed shit here we go again 
kay . t wus here 
i eat babies :) 
potatoes 
i dont think ur beautiful i think ur beyond it 
polavru < PROPFEMALE > i am a ZOMMMMBIEEE 
chillin at mi casa watchin drumline 
everyone wear red and black 2marw because middletown is gay and they didnt do shit for us so we wont show pride post this exact message !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
chillin waitin for my asshole friends to get here ! lol w8inng for my gurl to get out of wooork 
chillin in me casa thinking bout shit 
chillin then eatin at my house then going to wortburo to eat more lol 
Expect at least one big argument to break out today -- with coworkers , with friends or even with your family . It's one of those days when you really need to make sure that you're not at fault ! wow thats wierd lol 
chillin at my house after the craziest munchie run lol im too tired for the jets game sooorrryyyy seen may lol insider 
chillin at the house txtin my girl and talking to peps 
i gota big haahaahaa ego lol 
PARTIZAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
got outa work early cause the roads yyyyeeeaaayyyyy lolol 
going tooo work till 2 omg its cooolllldddd lollol 
ssllllllllllllppppppppppppp 
chillin at seans watching dirty jobs about to fly high 
im not saying that im for it but who thinks salvia shhould stay legal ???????? 
funn night if only someone ........ :))) 
findin a recipe for tonight .......... shoot me now lol 
mad pissed at the whole thing thats falling out the sky like really ????? this sucks lol no fun tonight ;) 
wow that profile thing is homo lolol 
chilling at the house gettin ready to shovel once again lol this sucks badly :| 
hanging out with the wife and my new son < PROPMALE > :) 
got back from < PROPMALE > and now in atl urrggg i just wanna be in ny so i can see the wife lol 
CANT WAIT TILL I GET HOME SO I CAN TELL SOME SECRETS TO THE ONE I LOVE :)))))) 
Rule # 51 . Not all guys are assholes . Just because ONE is a jackass doesnt mean he represents ALL of us . 
3months :)) 
cakeyy bear wass hereeeeee :) he's currently getting me chipsss < PROPFEMALE > ah bye lol 
mmmaaadddd hot for no reason why wasnt it like this last weekend :/ 
I LOVE YOU SILLY GOOSE :)) 
chilling at casa waiting for wife to get out and the maybe later some laundrey :) 
everyone taging my body and taking random pics of me and car acciendents and people jumping in my truck and windshield and the crazyest waterballon fight all cause of me . it seems like today was a good day :) 
with the coolest person in the whole entire world =] 
just found out they made a vid of wednesday .... lol 
im hanging out with the love of my life and im so happy i found her :::: ))) 
chillin at fuzions with nene then work ... Can't wait for tonite :) 
just one of those days when everything bothers u and later on in the day u relize that u were being a < PROPMALE > to everyone :/ sorry babe love ya 
going to DMB concert mmmaaaddd ammpt :) lool 
\Mans most shining moment cannot be measured without first knowing his darkest hour \".- Anonymous " 
thank you everyone for all your support his name is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > LaMontanaro born 1235pm on march 2 2011 weighing 9 pounds 10 ounces and 21 and a half inches long . 
