169 East 25th St ( off of Boulevard by Tauphas ) Allergic to peanuts and cashews , and prefer lower fat content . Thank you !!! Praying for you ! 

A heads up for all blue grass lovers in the Idaho Falls metro area .... Bluegrass on the Greenbelt is this Saturday from 12 noon to about 9P on the river by the < PROPMALE > museum . 
Maine is a week away ! Family , old friends , the smell of ocean-beach roses-and balsam fir , < PROPFEMALE > trout in alpine ponds ....... not that I am homesick or anything . Been 3 years since I have been home ..... 
Paperwork for preapproval on the morgage has been dropped in the mail . Now in the hands of God and the credit union . Now to work on supper for the Hallmark's and packing so I can get into bed tonight ! 
Kat is STOKED !!!!! Got pre-approved for a house < PROPFEMALE > 8 ) !!!!! Who hoo ! 
Yup . looks like first hard frost is heading our way . From the NWS : First powerful storm of the fall headed to southern Idaho . A storm is expected to move out of the Pacific on Tuesday morning and reach southern Idaho by Tuesday night . Afternoon temperatures will drop from the eighties on Monday to only the lower to middle fifties by Wednesday . snow is possible in the nearby mountains . 
Game on for the house ! Estimated closing , the middle of November . 
Another step closer ..... home inspection Tuesday evening ! 
Life just got interesting with the house . Prayer please that all goes as He wants it to . 
< PROPMALE > , we may have a miracle . I love my family ! 
< PROPMALE > , we DO have a miracle . House would be a \go ahead\ " due to the \ " family bridge loan\ " program . " 
All the paperwork is in for the house . Just a matter of waiting on the underwriter and a closing date . I'll be home for Christmas is going to take on new meaning ! 
Packing has officially commenced . Eight boxes down , many more to go . 
The MOVE is Saturday 12/12 . I haven't heard from the CU yet , but the home insurance folks said that closing was 12/14 . 
First part of the move went well ( Thanks to some awesome help !!!! ) . Fridge and freezer should be showing up Friday . It's all getting there ! 
I am home . There's a pork roast in the oven . Friends coming over for dinner . < PROPFEMALE > checking out her new digs . God is on His throne and all is right with the world ! 
?? ---- Put this ---??--- ?? --- On Your ---??--- ?? --- status ---??--- ?? --- ? f ??? ? n ?? ----??- ?? ---- ????? n ? -----???----- ??? ??? or ----??- ?? ---- ??? ?? d ---??--- ?? --- Cancer ? I wish for the cure of cancer . 93% won't copy and paste this ... will YOU My Dad died of lung/bone cancer , Mum had breast , bone , & bowel Ca , Pepe throat Ca , I am a Ca survivor ( spinal cord tumor ) . 
It's official ! Closed on the house yesterday at 3P !!!!! 
There's no place like home , no place like home ! 
I wonder how long it will take for the smell of roasted garlic to go away ? 
Oat nut sourdough bread . 
Cool ! There's crocuses in my front yard with the tulips ... and possibly lily-of the valley on the west side of the house . The beginning of discovering what I have growing around the house ! 
Kat is anything BUT a fan of get $250 worth of groceries for free . The spam has already started . 
has an appricot tree starting to bloom and robins building a nest under the eaves of the back patio . Ahhhh the fickle Idaho spring ! 
For someone who wasn't going to garden , I am doing an amazing job of gardening ! Cleaned up the green house a bit more . Put in pickling , lemon , and japanese cukes along with some pattypan squash ( in the greenhouse ) . 
They will be joined by an assortment of tomatoes , peppers , and eggplants ( japanese and thai ) when they finally get big enough to plant out . Oh yes , and < PROPMALE > ( thai and lime ) to join the genovase and lemon < PROPMALE > already there ( You can never have too much < PROPMALE > ) . 
Anyone I know missing a chain mail ring ? Found it in the couch . It's about a size 10 . 
Looks like there will be raspberries in a week ! 
Raspberries are coming on ! 7 pints in the freezer for a snowy day when reminders of summer are needed . 
Time to pick the cherries .... 
OK ..... On further inspection , I should have been picking cherries LAST week when I was in Oregon . Picked ( and ate ) my first apricot though ! There were a few more too ! 
Processing data for thesis or apricots ? Arggggg . Folks , there are going to be some perfectly wonderful apricots ready in about a week . Please give a call and come on over to pick . 
BTW .... Perseid ( ? sp ) meteor showers are coming up . August 12th with an estimated 60-100/hour at it's peak . The Hawaian observatory website mentioned that the days around it would still have 20+ an hour . 
Off for a flurry of domesticty and then I get to play with fresh veggies , some chicken and a grill . See if I can't concoct ( ? sp ) a grilled chicken cacciatore . 
Geochemist's Workbench . Carbonates . Strontium . Rates . yup . 
Goodies from the greenhouse and accidental garden . < PROPFEMALE > , the amazing early girl tomato ( see home and garden photos ) , continues to ripen up fruit . The amish rainnbow tomato has a small tomato on it . There's 2 fair sized japanese cukes , and the lemon cuke finally has some fruit . The pickling cuke is doing marvelously . Thank you God the the psat awesome week ! 
The kitt-os are officially upstairs . The female is roaming and checking things out . The male is somewhere ( I think ) in the back room with the boxes of books . < PROPFEMALE > and the female have met nose to nose . < PROPFEMALE > gave the universal signal for \get out of my face\ " . Mahtha ( for now ) kind of said \ " whatever\ " and continues to check out the place . Stay tuned .... " 
The kids are at home and bopping freely around the house . < PROPFEMALE > .... approaching 48 hours on top of the kitchen cabinets . At least she isn't on high screach anymore .... 
Running errards today , driving down Holmes and noticed activity at what used to be Sato's! There a sign that says \Bushido\ " . ? Another sushi place ????? 8 ) " 
It's official . The kitties are staying here . Now need good Maine names for them . Mahtha and Washbuhrn has come to mind . Mahrty ( in honor of the guy who used to do the weather from Mt . Washington ) is also a thought . 
First snow ! I guess the hard frost isn't far behind ..... 
Hmmmm hard frost WASN'T far behind . Just went to the greenhouse to get some fresh dill . The tomatoes , summer squash , and cukes are definately done for . Just parsley , < PROPFEMALE > , ( < PROPFEMALE > is in the entry needing moving to spare bedroom , negative on thyme this year ) lemon balm , and garlic chives . 
I got some < PROPFEMALE > root to sprout !!! It only took ignoring it and giving it up for dead . Hopefully I can get it to flower .... 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
Drowning in spam . Time to change the e-mail . 
For the Friday night folks , if you like your Mexican food hotter than Cholula sauce you will need to bring your own fire sauce ( pork adobo , spanish rice , refried beans , corn tortillas ) 
Isn't supposed to get WARMER as the day wears on ? Get ready for the Canadian Express 
Growing up in Maine is a privilege . It's more than where you were born . It's an idea and state of mind imparted at birth . It's more than loving Italian sandwiches , red hot dogs , Humpty Dumpty potato chips and whoopie pies . It's being hospitable , devoted to the outdoors , all the season's and each other . We don't become Mainer's we're born that way . THE WAY LIFE SHOULD BE !! Re-post if you were born or raised in ME ! 
Fresh bread baking . Beat THAT Glade ! 
It has a title . Calcite precipitation and strontium coprecipitation using artificial groundwater , surrogate hydrolyzed urea , and a constantly stirred flow through tank reactor . 
Time to play in the kitchen . Thai pepper jelly , regular pepper jelly and mango chutney . 
