loves , loves , loves lazy Saturdays !! 

trying to study , it never seems to work out very well ... 
2 finals today and then i'm FREE !!! At least for the next month anyways ... 
celebrating 
is sooo happy about her grades ! Yay me ! 
Loves the snow , but hates all the retarded people in NC who have no idea how to drive in it .... 
< PROPMALE > really just told me the snow was sparkling like < PROPFIRST > ...... what have I done to him ?? lol 
Why does everyone think I will always pick up the slack for them ? And why do I keep doing it ?!?!? lol We have a problem here ....... 
Work , packing , and then Ohio until monday ! 
Has the coolest family :-D 
is going to serve lunch to the homeless with her Fam ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! :-D 
Going to watch my little brother give his mission farweel talk :-D Love you kee ! 
driving home today :-D Oh how I love road trips ..... 
I love by family ..... but it's sooo nice to be home again ! 
I got a feelin ' .................. that tonights gonna be a good night . TONIGHTS GONNA BE A GOOD GOOD NIGHT !!!! 
Hello 2010 
Why are Preschoolers so freakin ' emotional ? If only they knew how easy they had it .... lol 
Pink ! 
misses the summer .... please hurry back !! 
Livin my life and lovin it :-D 
would like everyone to Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE .... 93% wont copy and paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
OoooooooHhhhhhh YEAH ! 
word that describes me is ( 1 ) ____________ . If you really know me then you know that I love ( 2 ) _________ but I can't stand ( 3 ) _____________ . \ Copy and paste this in your status to ... see what people have to say !!! " 
loves you . 
I hate math . I really don't see the point to it . 
I HATE HATE HATE getting in the shower and remembering that I am out of conditioner ! It looks like it's going to be a ponytail day today ! 
My baby got us free VIP tickets to the < PROPFIRST > Z concert next month ! yay ! I love < PROPMALE > , he is amazing :-D 
So you know it's bad when the plow comes through , and all you hear is a really loud scraping noise and no snow moving , yay for ice ! 
back to work ! :-D 
Really ?!?!?!?! 
Why does the snow have to cancel school on the two days that I DON'T have classes ? gay . 
Doesn't facebook know the homepage isn't \simple\ " if they keep freakin ' changing it every month ??? " 
Filing taxes DONE ! Yay < PROPFEMALE > ! Now I have to try to get my printer to work because the government has to be gay and make me mail it in . What's with that ? Who mails things these days ? Thats what the internet is for right ? 
If anyone knows how to get my hp printer to install on windows 7 , let me know :-D 
Happy Friday ! 
I gave in , I bought a snuggie :-D 
Celebrate Valentines Day , Change your Profile Picture to you and your sweetheart . Make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and Paste this to your profile . 
Sick on Valentines day :-( 
thinks all math tests should be changed to multiple choice . Anyone agree ? 
it's almost my birthday ........ ;-) 
It's my Birthday !!!!! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! My freinds are the bestest :-D 
it's FRIDAY !!!! 
Happy Birthday to the Best Husband in the whole wide world ! I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
BOO for hubby's having to be at work at 6am on Saturday . STUPID , now I am bored . I guess thats the perfect time for the gym ? yep ..... 
awwww 63 and mostly < PROPFEMALE > . I like the sound of that , can we just keep it that way until summer get's here ? 
BUsy weekend !! Driving to Lexington , KY this morning for my cousins wedding tonight , then driving back tomorrow morning and the < PROPFIRST > Z concert tomorrow night !!! Yay . 
BEAUTIFUL 
Celebrating two years with a better friend and companion than I could have ever asked for . I love you < PROPMALE > ! 
I got bit by a 7 year old today at work . I need a new job ASAP ...... or else I WILL start biting back ..... 
Who ever came up with such a thing as essay tests ? And why does everyone think they need to do them ? I vote multiple choice 100% , this whole writing thing is gay . 
Today has been an AWESOME day :-D 
Wish me luck !!! 
Happy , Happy , Happy . 
Today is a day of celebration ...... well after the cleaning part anyways lol 
LOVE the weather ! Now somebody tell it to stay . 
HATES traffic . 
Anyone wanna write my book report for me ? It's due tuesday and I haven't even started reading the book ............ no takers ? I guess I will start reading Sunday ...... 
Time to start reading the book for that book report due Tuesday ..... 
Ok , I read half the book ...... now I think it's time to start writing the paper . Half is good right ? Now watch these mad skills I got ..... This is gonna be an A+ paper ;-) 
I hate batteries . 
Officially going on my first cruise this summer ;-) 
To go to school or not to go to school , that is the question ... 
Why are some people so rude ? Do they really think they are that much better than anyone else ??....... Douchebag . 
Happy Friday :-) 
76 and < PROPFEMALE > :-D Today is going to be a great day ... 
Does anyone hate Mondays as much as me ? 
neads a big freakin ' bowl of cereal this morning ..... 
There's nothing more fun then being on the phone with the IRS all night ...... 45 minutes and counting ..... yay :-( 
needs to start paying attention at school .... I have no idea what has gone on in ANY of my classes since midterms ..... Oops . 
It feels like summer outside ! It's time for the beach ...... :-D 
The Greatest man in history had no servants , yet they called Him master . He had no degree , yet they called Him teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called Him healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet He conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried ................. in a tomb ... yet He Arose and He lives Today . Pass this along ! His name is Jesus ! 
I'm doin ' me ;-) 
Happy Easter ! 
It's supposed to be 93 today ? I thought it was still April ?!?! lol 
I recieved my first present as a primary teacher today at church ( other than pictures ) . It was a < PROPMALE > chocolate chip muffin wrapped up with notebook paper and scotch tap , 5 year old style . How thoughtful :-) 
trying to figure out how to study for my pych test , take my english quiz , write a paper , pack , and go to my classes all by tomorrow afternoon before I go out of town . Hmmmm .... I am starting to think maybe procrastination isn't working for me so well this time ...... 
A few more classes and my Psych test and I'm on my way to Ft . Lauderdale till Tuesday :-) 
Oh it feels so good to be home ! 
I lost my phone at school today ...... and I don't even care ! Time for a new phone :-) 
trying to fix the broken iphone we've had laying around since I lost my phone ...... wish me luck :-) 
Trying to fix my iphone .... if anyone can help , please do ! It is stuck on the itunes screen , so I am re-running blackra1n ...... but when I call someone they can't hear me on the other end , any ideas ? 
If you can't fix it ...... sell it :-) 
How do you lose your phone and ipod , BOTH AT SCHOOL , in the same week ? I guess your name just has to be < PROPFEMALE > ..... looks like I am in need of an iphone right about now ! 
I sooo shoulda studied for these finals earlier . Good by sleep , I will see you tomorrow night ..... 
Anyone wanna take my math final for me ? I will pay you .... 
Happy Cinco de Mayo ! 
Imma do me :-) 
Happy Mothers Day ! 
I FINALLY got a new phone after losing mine three weeks ago :-) So if you want me to have your number you need to text it to me ... 
I love my new phone :-) 
Is siting on the back porch listening to the thunderstorm .... Love it ! 
OMG 
I'm free !!! 
After a 6.5 hour drive , a wedding reversal , and dinner ... I am pooped . Time for a movie with the fam :-) 
Road trip ! 
Ready to go home ! 
Home at last ! 
So I'm thinking a run in the park might be nice today ... 
I feel soooo out of the loop after being gone for two weeks . What's going on ? lol 
Went to the gym 3 out of the last 4 days ...... So proud of myself ! Now if only I can KEEP doing it ....... 
Fiesta time ! 
Life is crazy ...... 
I think today is in the running for one of the top five suckiest days ever :-) ........ Only up from here right ? 
Finally back in NC ! For some reason I feel like I have been in the car for 27 hours ....... Oh yeah thats right , I HAVE . 
If you get random text messages from mei n the middle of the night that make no sense .... i'm sorry , my phone sems to be possessed . He also refuses to show me some text messages that you send me , or to let my phoe ring when you call . I think I am going to give him a little nap and then I will see if he feels better ..... \ 
\ 
Yes , my phone is a him . 
Watching the World Cup makes me really miss playing .... :-( 
So I am getting bored with my hair , just like I always do . I don't want to cut it , so I was thinking about going darker again ..... Any thoughts ? 
Just got my Chancellor's and < PROPFIRST>'s list certificates in the mail for the second semester in a row .... I never cease to amaze myself :-) And you would think if I could do that I would have graduated in four years ....... nah graduating is overrated . 
< PROPMALE > got the job ! Time to celebrate ! My next shopping trip is going to be freaking awesome now :-) 
Gettin my pretty girl swag on ! Getting my hair done , pedicures , and shopping ..... I love mommy visits ! 
I think I may be crazy ...... 
I don't care what nobody says ..... Imma be me .......... 
ESPN in HD on a big TV is sooooo much better then trying to stream this game at work ! 
YYYYYEEEEEEESSSSSSS !!!!!!!! 
So < PROPMALE > is in florida for the next week , I have no idea what I'm going to do with myself ....... I am totally open to suggestions ;-) 
OMG I dopped my iphone in my Ramen Noodles . If it doesn't keep working I'm gonna be so upset . 
So I have a shopping trip planned for < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ..... but I need somewhere to watch the U . S . /Ghana game .... anyone wanna volunteer their t.v. ? Or meet me somewhere ? Otherwise it is buffalo wild wings to watch it by myself because there is no way I'm missin it ....... :-) 
I heart my iPad :-) . Don't hate ....... 
I love < PROPMALE > Wonka and I love his Chocolate Factory even more . 
I was wondering lately , if I make you my baby , would it make us look crazy ? Or would it be so beautiful ? Either way I'm sayin .... If you ask me I'm ready .... 
BEACH !!!!!!! 
The best part of beach vacations is not EVER having to wear real clothes ...... I love it ! 
I believe it may be time to get my workout on ...... maybe . 
I don't mind cardio , I could run all day ..... But this strength class could very well be the death of me ..... 
Thank you Sprinkles Cupcakes for my free cupcake ! You made this preggers lady very happy :-) 
