woot good day today 

out to lunch ? 
hahah well i get to come up to see aunt < PROPFEMALE > next weekend i want you to wish it to me in person then 
DAMN IT !!!! 
wake today , very sad time 
home from one from what was possibly the saddest day ever , it will be nice to sleep in my own bed after , 2 days of floor and one day of old couch 
pounding headache , tumor ? 
i got my license 
jj is being a pootang , what a surprise 
HAD THE dirtiest car ever . there was collected skin cells where the previous owner always put his hands on the steering whell and it make a thick gummy substance . 
goodday 
i can see much clearer now , im blind 
fun times mom is saying i need respect because she found an old stain ( guessing ) that neither me , nor any of my friends caused . and is still mad at me because she thinks i am lying when i tell her i dont know about it . and when i try to look at it she yells at me more and she tells me i need to lern to shut up so from this day forth i take a vow of silence 
do this on your facebook : up , up , down down , left , right left right , B , A , enter 
MAIDEN RULZ ! 
fun time at an old people party because old people have kids my age and we went swimming at talked about lots of stuff from the beatles to views on about life 
got a job today 
send a Promise of destruction to those who will not kneel ! 
almost died today , seriously , someone up above was watching out for me 
first day went really well =] 
if you work at my market basket . the one near the marshals and iparty , i need someone to take my house for the 17th of october . 6-9 . its closing so it wont interfer with PSATs but its my dads weekend so i cant work . thanks for any help i can get here 
goodnight all , phones on ... 
4 hours of getting carts in the cold . snow . rain . fixed by hot coco 
migraine ..... ugh 
friday , after school asap , going to see Boondock saints 2 : all saints day . who is with me ? 
boondock saints 2 all saints day was awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! like OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
new Rammstein ! 
work 3-close ......... time and a half is only making it worth it 
at dads for .. too long .... 
first snow , then thunder and lughting ? i swear i just saw it ! WTF MATE ? 
i love my baby ! ( yes i know im \that Guy\ " sorry ) " 
any good bands i might like ? 
Shimmer , by fuel 
DRAGONITE 
misses her ......... 
can anyone please take my hours friday 
Hannahs party was rockin 
hasnt even had his good christmas yet ........... 
OMG THERE WAS A LEGIT TECHNO REMIX SHAMWOW COMERICAL ! MMERRY CHRISTMAS TO THE WORLD ! 
anybody want to do anything ? let me know cell is on ... 
Cant find my cell phone ..... \ 
great 
I could really use a friend right about now , I am in a pretty dark place . 
needs something good to happen in the worse possible way 
watching the original super < PROPFIRST > cartoons ! 
need hours , i am only working 3 on wednesday , anybody want any hours taken off there hands ...... please ? 
im just a teenage dirtbag baby 
You're all the same , the lot of you , with your long hair and faggot clothes . Drugs , sex , every sort of filth . And you hate the police , don't you ? You make it easy . 
low 
stay all night we'll save the population 
bored bored bored 
book of < PROPMALE > = awesome 
what do u think of me ? 
you can text me if you need me , ill be away for a bit . also please tell me your true opinon of me , i would like to know 
LIKE A BOSS ! 
i smell like oil 
To live selfishly is to live uselessly . 
i got a new phone and number , if you want my number give me yours in a message and i will give you mine in a reply 
new phone number , send me yours and ill message you mine 
block one < PROPMALE > 2 block 2 CADD block 3 Physics with Sargent Block 4 Adv . math topics 
WHO HAS 4TH LUNCH 
how could you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , HOW COULD YOU 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > zero made me so sick 
feel like shit . 
is now < PROPFEMALE > . and she is watching < PROPMALE > itch his balls 
watching the hangover , again 
why me ?! 
surgury tomorrow . 
Nervous as hell 
Dio !!!!!!!!!! 
snow day with no snow ..... ill take it ! 
night . 
ah the sweet smell of insense 
its not if you will fall , its when you will fall 
redbull > monster 
Zombie ....... uh-oh 
movies tomorrow , the cazies , cinemagic , whos comming ? 
WTF MOTHER NATURE IS MENSTRAL 
bad mood 
just wanna be in a hot tub ................... 
i need new music , ideas ? 
everyone come support < PROPMALE > at the meeting tomorrow at nashua high north if you want < PROPMALE > to continue at the nashua schools ! 
i want meatloaf sandwiches 
giant 17\ whoopie cushion FTW " 
DONT LET < PROPMALE > DIE 
THESE SNAWZ BERRIES TASTE LIKE SAZWZ BERRIES !!!!!!!!!! 
getting plastic beach 
selling a smart parts SP-1 anyone interested ? 
flogging < PROPFEMALE > vs . The Dropkick Murphys you decide 
cool beans 
internet while at my dads ???? STILL SAYS IM CONNECTED TO MY HOUSE BUT IM EFFING SOUTH OF BOSTON !!!! 
wanna play mega man x !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
FINALLY GOT MY HANDS ON SOME JAWBREAKER 
METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL ! METAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
night all , holy crap im tired , sleepover never means sleep ...... effing < PROPMALE > .............. 
why is it that i hate rap but like reggae music ( metal is still one in my book ) 
Am I a wannabe ? - have I no dignity . Who'd give up all my life .. to be In the book of heavy metal !!!!!!!! 
just realized that ill get back from germany the 29th ...... and im signed up to take the sat's the next day .................... 
It's getting hotter Feel how the flames are growing Surrounded by fire You're inside my evil dream , my friend 
Amt is easy . also i better get moved to meat . I have asked mutliple times and then they ask someone else to move to meat . Thats crap ! 
just saw a weird old spice comercial 
watched black sheep then a y2k survial CD , the world is out to get me 
time fish strikes again ! 
how do i get on to the boat in soul silver ?! 
heaven may be running on empty if the devil rides 
how do u draw a fat stick figure ? 
please dont ruin this volcano 
< PROPFIRST > cash 
germany tomorrow 
vampire weekend anyone ? 
ugh work 
who wants to go rent a suit with me . jj ? < PROPMALE > ? < PROPFIRST > ? -_- 
i need to find rammstein translations -_- 
Tiefe Wasser sind nicht still 
Holy Diver\ 
You've been down too long in the midnight sea\ 
Oh what's becoming of me -- DIO 
any one wanna work sunday tomorrow 11-3 ? 
thanks market basket i didnt want my Fuc*ing weekend anyway 
new heaven shall burn ! 
headache ugh 
i love music 
welcome to facebook the second website where you can pretend to be friends with people just so you can listen to them complain about there average life then make fun of them for it 
Caliban ! HEAVEN SHALL BURN !!!! METAL !!!!!! W0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0oH0o00o0o0o0o 
whats that ? you say you want to buy a pocket knife , a combat knife and a war hammer , well then you need to go to coldsteel.com the most intertaining site on the internet 
any new music suggestiongs ? 
her turmoil of this world is not my struggle anymore\ 
the end is putting down its hand for me\ 
i see , i feel 
so , my AIM < PROPMALE > list cleared itself . if you wanna talk to me on AIM ever send me a quick message to Jakekunas . 
good day 
mortal kombat 
check out the new mortal combat game , trailers look amazing 
Okay so a message to all crappy blink 182 wanna be highschool bands , you suck , no one wants to hear you songs that all sound then same , all about how much you hate your pathetic life and you hate homework and you math teacher , you are lame i dont care how much you jump and how tight your jeans are , a band isnt about an image its about music 
favorite mortal kombat charater ? 
cartoons are not for kids anymore , they are to sick , instead teenagers like them for some reason 
Men talk of killing time , while time quietly kills \ 
them . 
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and \ 
die to find out there isn't , than live my life as if there isn't and die\ 
to find out there is . 
birthday soon . 18 woo hoo ( saracasm ) 
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies . 
love his new speacker dock for his zune 
To everyone who wished me a happy birthday , tHank you ! i tried to tell it to everyone idividually but there was just to many , thank you all 
gah what headphones should i get ?! 
made my headphone choice . got the good ones and saved a boat load . 
RIP zuse ... he didnt deserve his fate 
Am i the only one not going to warpped tour ? 
New Headphones , plugged into my new stero , = SOUNDGASM !!!!!! 
has his music sounding so good he is playing xbox on mute 
Many who like Duck Tape Also like Pop Tarts ......... WHAT ? stupid facebook ! 
1000 devils Reign 
When will my Dreams ever come true , why does shit always have to be so difficult , a just turned 18 year old should not have to deal with all this . 
back to nashua today 
bored , 98% sure most of my friends went to the big game , anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Where , Oh where have you been my love ? \ 
\ 
Where , Oh where can you be ? \ 
It's been so long , since the < PROPFEMALE > has gone\ 
And oh what a wreck you've made me\ 
Are you there , over the oceans ? \ 
Are you there , up in the sky ? \ 
Until the return of my love\ 
This lullaby 
going away phone is on 
whatever you do , don't tell anyone 
bucking ford 
i want more asain posters for my room 
switch blades get them while they are legal everyone ! 
playing oblivion , not gonna get anysleep 
I wonder whre that fish did go ? 
so im playing oblivion and there are to imperial gaurds shooting at eachother\ 
i attack one , he dies , i commit no crimes , but the other one runs off , i follow him , he starts to shreek and attacks deer , i love this game 
why do none of my friends never ask me to < PROPFEMALE > out ? why do i always have to be the one asking ? 
i've been drinking green tea all day ! 
i feel like girls always put more letter than needed into words , letters that should not be emphisized Examples : my my news feed i see a Gymm , a Gymmm and Bittts 
Im listening to the Yoshida Brothers 
so .... so very tired , gonna be a long night at work 
i need tea -_- 
chai 
tomorrow about 2 ill be free to do whatever , anyplans 
who wants to make plans tomorrow ? 
BORED 
car shopping BLOWS 
just had a Peanut butter , jelly , nutella and Fluff sandwich\ 
ugh 
pissed off = Metal , hanging with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > later , good friends to get my mind off of problems\ 
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared \ 
than a wild beast ; a wild beast may wound your body , but an evil friend \ 
will wound your mind . \ 
Buddha 
car shopping = constant headache 
Yeah i use BING SO WHAT 
gonna play the original Halo 
new car today yeah ! 
last goodbyes to mirage :[ 
new car is SO nice 
Those living for death will die by their own hand , 
been up at 6 am , No clue why , ugh -_- 
Chilling with < PROPMALE > today , should be fun 
I want to play Resident Evil 4 
Counting Bodies like sheep to the Rhythm of the war drums 
i want a bubble pipe 
Goodday 
sucks living so close to north , the band needs to practice later , sounds good tho , thats why i was up so early 
at the cape , I can already tell I am gonna hate the people around me 
cape is good , beard is going nice 
p-town was cool , interesting , it wasn't the gay people who got on my nerves oh no it was the SWARMS of people every 10 feet 
Quiznos commercials are EFFED UP 
So i Finished From under the dome by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > today 
bored 
i get buckyballs today , oh yeah 
cannot wait to start in produce ! 
home form work , parents are out for 2 hours , oblivion ? or buckyballs ? 
Working till 3 , who wants to do something after ? 
last day of summer isnt tonight , school for people who are not freshman is Wednesday , right ? 
NO NO NO no school 
work 3-9 
Disturbed 
Does Anybody wanna buy a smart parts SP1 ? 
so very sore 
7:10 @ cinemagic , machete , be there 
machete 7:10 @cinemagic , who is in ? 
gah 
going to go see < PROPFEMALE > in her pageant today , should be cool 
so Proud of his miss teen NH semi finalist !! 
am i the only one excited about dead rising 2 tomorrow ? 
Come again some other day\ 
The devil has my ear today\ 
I'll never hear a word you say\ 
More lyrics : http://www.lyricsmode.com/lyrics/a/a_perfect_circle/#share 
this shit is bananas 
it needs to be warmer 
burrr 
beat Deadrising 2 ! 
when do juniors have necaps ? 
SAT's on SATurday . durp 
made a 7x7 buckyball cube ! 
Like hemorrhoidal itch yo you can't ignore me\ 
Cause I'm more tongue and cheek than a lesbo orgy 
is it weird that work made my day ? 
Mkay i give in internet pressure . like this if you wanna do a Truth is thing , 
Working Monday Wednesday and Thursday ? Tuesday im busy . friday who is down for Jackass 3D ? 
i just wanna play new Vegas . 
who is down for Jackass3D tomorrow , let me know now so we can make plans 
jackass 3d at 6 50 tomorrow , who else is game 
AMAZING MOVIE !!! I LOVE MIDGETS 
so0o0o0o0o much indian food . its s0o0o0o0o0o0o good 
my pants don't fit anymore 
hahah facebook reminds you of an anniversary 
A match made in Heaven set the fires in Hell 
Young people should heed their civic duty and rock the vote . Older Americans are advised to smooth-jazz the vote 
im gonna jump right out and say this ; Batman sucks 
work 12-9 
cabin fever 2 sucks 
huh ? snow ? thats what ive herd 
needs new music 
never been worse 
never wanted to curl up and die as much as i do now , I never thought this was possible . 
Never let go 11.03.08 - 11.11.10 its already been too long 
ugh . 
I don't wish to be everything to everyone , but I would like to be something to someone . 
this is gonna be a long 2-4 weeks =\\ 
Going to the battle of the bands . tomorrow , should be a good time . they better not disappoint 
battle of the bands was not a disappointment good job 
working allllll day 
NEW Power glove 
I saw a Little girl get that\oh no i lost my mom look today\ " she was probably 3 and started to panic . she dropped the grapes her mom told her to old and started to cry . I was the only person who helped her . And you wanna know why ? I remember what it was like . " 
Love that will not betray you , \ 
dismay or enslave you , \ 
It will set you free 
too early for the Christmas tree ? 
work work work work work 
Its thanksgiving . What are you thankful for ? 
Feels not so good . 
I miss when math actually had < PROPFIRST > as oppose to all theoretical < PROPFIRST > 
Got my car fixed , again , hopefully , at least it was Free of charge 
So tired , found out that i am basically gonna be one of the student leads with making the Dracula set , this should be fun . 
is it make your profile picture your favorite pokemon time again ? 
http://tinyurl.com/6q9t6a 
Whats your favorite pokemon ? 
< PROPFIRST>'s house = good times 
working today , 12-9 
pokemon picture > cartoon pictures 
new game 
saw < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world for the first time today 
someone needs to make me a sandwich 
< PROPFIRST>'s window got attacked today because he thought he saw someone we i know from wood shop , crazy old SOB 
work , thats sick 
All done , A bittersweet feeling , but I'm happy though 
I am a man who believes in fate . call me foolish if you like but things always turn out okay . We are tested everyday . My I will remain reselute , morals in tact . I have reflected alot , I got to know who I am . After everything i know exactly who and what i am and what i stand for , i will remain strong . I am proud to be everything i am . I wouldn't change a thing . Going to my dads for the weekend , text me 
Everyone likes to put deep quotes as there status , well \there once was a man from Nantucket .... \"" 
so sore , so very sore 
i wish for conversation 
Sick day , now i have something else to spend money on . 
Mrs. Broder killed math for me . I use to enjoy it , now i dread every second with her . she is in charge of the math department and that is why we have low test scores . she hired incompetent teachers . So its not just her class it sucks , its most math teachers 
working monday tuesday and thursday next week 
12-9 today ....... sick 
Robbies for the day , cell is on . 
Metal 
TRUE GRIT ?! YES ! WHO IS IN ?? 
True Grit = amazing . pay your hard earn money to see it now ! 
played Brawl all night . 
chipotle gift card !!! 
Work at 3 . bored until then . 
OoT i guess 
Unemployed , this needs to change , anyone know any good leads ? 
my hand already hurts 
these withered hearts are waiting for the end\ 
those who will return , will never leave this hell again 
finished my paper 
why is nobody ever on AIM anymore ? 
Something good needs to happen , its always darkest before the < PROPFEMALE > they say , well , it looks pitch black and no light in sight . I need help . I need some joy . Everyday its the same sad songs . everyday the same problems . It wears you down . I need some help . At my dads for the weekend you can text me ... 
Got an interview at Sears !!! 
dear powerade , change your flavor from Mountain < PROPFIRST > blast to blue . it doesnt taste like berries it taste like blue . 
playing fallout 
snow day , yes . breakfast in bed , yes . 
this would have been a perfect day for elder scrolls five , if only ..... 
likes not going to school , hate how i am stuck at the house 
Your country needs you ... see Dracula this weekend 
your hot coco is my black coffee 
:/ 
wants someone to talk to him 
I need help 
home alone all day , this is no good . someone come save me please 
first hanging out with < PROPFIRST > playing fallout , then funworld with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . then sledding with < PROPFIRST > and crew , overall solid day 
amazing rendition of Dracula , the actors did the set just and then some . Great job everybody 
bulbasaur i choose you 
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love . 
Happiness comes from an inner peace , understanding and acceptance of life ; a perspective of truth that opens your eyes to the beauty of life all around us . Happiness cannot be achieved by external status , it must be an internal state that we realize when we see our innate perfection . 
Instead of watching the game i hungout with the boys and played some magic cards , the entire time i was wondering if i was missing anything good with the pats game , turns out i wasnt so thats good , 
job interview at sears tomorrow , kinda nervous 
ving rhames * gasp * < PROPMALE > Trejo * gasp * death race 2 ... aww 
Interview soon , wish me luck . 
4 day weekend , i am okay with this . imagine if they had no school on that one friday it would have been 7 days 
< PROPFIRST > simard's today , yes , magic and brawl , yes . 
good day today 
what am i gonna do with these color coded m&m's 
gahh screw math rap projects ... 
anyone wanna help me throw some math words into what could be taken as a math rap/ poem 
Right now i am feeling some Disturbed 
thank got that monstrosity of a project is done 
crazy good time today , just chilling , 2nd interview tomorrow . hope i nail it ! 
New Tosh . 0 tonight at ten . Study till then ....... maybe 
someone should talk to me . 
who knew ? 
should of had a snow day , instead a delay ..... -_- 
can anyone give me a rife to school ? 
just a mid term today , sick 
I need a Racing helmet , not so i can use it for any real reason , i just wanna stare people down at red lights with it . 
tosh . 0 just did a cold steel segment . 
gah i wanna chill with someone , can anyone drive and come get me ? 
delay means i need to find a ride to school , anybody willing ? 
Accepted into Umass < PROPMALE > and UNH !! 
crazy fun weekend 
best superbowl commercial ? 
people never change ? only change temporarily 
What to do ? what to do what to do ? 
discovered they have sweet baby rays beef jerky , and also this thing called red bull supreme exist , overall , great day 
looking to just chill , anyone down ? 
discussion time : best starter pokemon ? EVER ? 
dropkicks 
what do you want out of life ? 
Singles Awareness Day , Like if you are aware 
Best valentines ever !!! 
HA just realized that singles awareness day shorted is S.A.D ahaha 
The Wizard . 
who needs new music ? this guy 
bucking ford , someone should talk to me or something 
new mattress , sick , bored as hell , not sick 
Coffee coffee coffee 
going to the wizard , always a good time 
Durp ? 
who is bored enough to talk to me ? 
the whole house smells of garlic and tomatoes , it must be Italian time :D 
does anybody wanna do anything ? 
Just watch the Thing !! SICK MOVIE 
my Bulbasaur just evolved , they grow up so fast : ' D 
who be down to chillz , witha z 
chillin with < PROPFIRST > ! 
concert 
Crazy show tonight , got kicked in the face , its all good tho . 
the sooner i am out of this place the better ! 
Bulletstrom , Pokemon White ... good day 
the meaning of life , to give life meaning , the purpose of life , to give life a purpose , what ever makes you happy , is what you have to do , live life and enjoy it . because its the only one we have . 
should not of had that 3 hour nap . woops . 
shooting pool , always a good time . 
Fear is such a weak emotion that's why I despise it\ 
We scared of almost everything , afraid to even tell the truth\ 
So scared of what you think of me , I'm scared of even telling you\ 
Sometimes I'm like the only person I feel safe to tell it to 
i have saved the day , i hope everything gets going on the right path 
had a crazy awesome day , :) the fighter , sick movie . things are just good 
.. i expected them to be cooked more , raw faces are just gross 
long day , it went crappy , then turned out good , you know who you are 
really love your peaches want to shake your tree 
