Just got a new job ... i feel like dancin . 

Think i mite be gettin sick ... sigh i just need to lay in bed and cuddle all nite . 
Felt like i had the flu or somethin the last few days ... oh well its over now plus its my friday . 
Your only funky as your last cut ... keep ya mind in the past ya gon\ be a has what . " 
Graveyard shift ha ha my favorite ... not ! 
Three passions , simple but overwhelmingly strong , have governed my life : the longing for love , the search for knowledge , and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind . 
Havent been to sleep yet n i have work at ten . lol As my faded boy < PROPFIRST > would say ... im fcukn up . 
Thinkin about my mom ... ha but when am i not .... 2 more days and then im off . I need a wild night out . 
Off tonight ... Bout to hit the gym . Might step out tonight . 
Lookin for a second job , somethin flexible to work around my screwed up graveyard and swing mix at ip , plus different days off every week . Phwew ... highly unlikely but im up for anything . 
Am i a player ? Ha i wish people would quit listening to the BS & get to know me before they start assuming shit all the time . Lmao i cant help it im pretty ! 
Off tonight and tomorrow night ... nothing to do . Gonna see about hittin the studio . 
I love pie ! 
Im about to jump this sh*t off , change never phased me , im so high on voltage that theres no need to crank me ! McQueen 
Graveyard shift , overtime , no sleep ... who needs that these days ? 
Well my horoscope is tellin me that i have a crush and the attraction is strong ... Where are you ? 2012 is right around the corner you know ... gosh ! 
Hit the gym , took a shower , washing clothes , cleanin up , runnin errands later , pickin up bro from work , lil bros baseball game and probably makin jambalya tonight . Damn ... anybody else wanna add to the list ? 
Talk about me if you want to ... but speak easy because after i < PROPMALE > through all the bullshit that came from your mouth , i come out clean and you still dont know me ! 
Alone at the house bored . Waiting on < PROPMALE > to get off the school bus so i can help with his pitching before his next baseball game . 
11.11 make a wish ! 
Damn ... someone broke into the house right down the street from mine yesterday at 10:30 a.m. , layin in bed hearin noises got me paranoid as hell . Lmao i needsome security ! 
Just woke up ... Lol About to try and wrap some spring rolls . Then hit the gym ! 
About to go to bed ... off tomorrow , definitely gonna hit church . 
The fortune teller said i was mahatma ghandi in my past life ... LMAO what went wrong with this one ? 
Rule #1 never leave a fellow crasher behind ! 
I feel like a zombie ! Insomnia is definitely not fun . Getting off graveyards ASAP . 
what is today ? lol is this real life ? 
5 more days until im off ... then its time to throw down for the bday ! 
Lil bro had a sleep over , so when i got home i cooked em all breakfast and then we played baseball . Lol I let the 12 n 13 y/o's win ! 
I seen a < PROPMALE > man beg , I seen a good man sin , I seen a tough man cry , |I seen a loser win , and a sad man grin , I heard an honest man lie . Seen the good side of bad and the down side of up and everything in between . I licked a silver spoon , drank from a < PROPFEMALE > cup and smoked the finest green . |\Everlast \"<<< Good Shit " 
WELL ... so sick of this BS . Declined yet again on Fasfa :( Hopefully next year . 
Ive never judged a mans wealth by the money in his pocket ... Only by the content of his charcter ! Maybe im just different , Who knows ? 
Its always somethin ... this why i dont make plans . 
Ha its MY BIRTHDAY ... what a day . Can not complain at all . I slept like a baby ... like the first day i was born , pshh cuz i was so f*ckin tired from workin all night last night . 
Thanks for all the bday wishes , its my day off too tired for anything ... shower then bed mkay . 
Do what feels good ! 
If it is something , then why call it nothing , speak on how you really feel and act on the feeling that makes you really feel something . 
Dinner : a bowl mixed with Cupcake pebbles and Fruity Pebbles and a banana . Good workout good night ! 
Im just sayin ... Take Me Out To Dinner , its the least you could do for letting me make you happy ! 
Just sayin ... life could be so much better , but it could be a lot worse too . Thankful for the things i have and working for the things i want . 
A lot on my plate right now ... feel like i have stopped in for the buffet of bad luck ! Fixin to eat everything in site and sh ! t out greatness ! 
Pumped right now ... just got out the gym . Feel like i smoked crack or something . Time to get some rest though , work 12 hrs tonight . 
Hitting the beach today , volleyball and the fresh smell of oil ... cant wait . At least ill still look good . 
Lmao ... Hard for you is easy for me . Two words that always get me through : F @ck It ! Ha one of my fav days of the year tomorrow , Not ! 
Its hard for me to be happy on a day like to day . But then i think of all the women who helped me and guided me through to today and I am thankful to have known them . So Happy Mothers Day to Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > , Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > , Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > , Big < PROPFEMALE > , the wonderful ladies in my family , all the ladies who raise children and are real mothers , and of course thanks to my Mom for always guiding me , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > e through everything . 
Haha , If I liked it , I would of went for it . If I needed it , I woulda of\ 
earned it . And if I wanted it , I would take it and you would like it ! 
GOVERNMENT POPULATION CONTROL : Well they cant pump the fish full of steroids and chemicals , so they said f @ck it and just spilled oil in the water . 
hopefully gettin a day job instead of graves ... hopefully . 
Reminiscing about old times , old friends , and lost memories . Listening to a song that always lifts me and keeps me straight . Always know anything is plenty . 
\I\ 
As easy as it looks to you , i make it look so easy ! By the memories that im makin and the impression that im leavin ! FORECAST : Slightly cloudy but w/ lots of laughs . No real reason to be above the clouds but its hard for me to be under the weather ! 
Good times yesterday , preciate the invite from lil sis and jmiah . Chilled wit fam . Back to work ... 
Hit the gym and ran ... alot . Then cut grassand weed eated . Damn ya boi is tired . Definately need a massage . 
Baby i could give you more than you ever had and never hand you a materialistic thing . 
New Phone ... No < PROPFIRST > , Text Me With Name So i Can Get Everybody Back . 
I got a hold of you but its not a til death grip , its more like locked lips , i like the way we kiss , and ill carress ya mind and ease ya pain , baby this not a game but if it was im in like espn and thats the truth like my names S E A N ! 
It is not half full or half empty ... it is just half way . Half way too what ? I guess half way to none . Isn ' t that empty ? Yes but grab the pitcher and refill it and its half way to full . I would much rather have a full refill than a half refill . <<< Randomness in my head 
Oh btw how's your life ? 
Strength does not come from physical stature , it's the charm and beauty inside somone's soul that keeps them moving . We workout to look good but without a soul you are not good looking . 
Take a < PROPMALE > ... Its only one . Life presents you with plenty more ! 
I am MS worst person :{ was told so today . On the flip side , at least im the best at something ! 
A lot of people want me to lose I think the cards fixed , Tryin < PROPFEMALE > make it rough on ya dog I think tha yards fixed ! 
Chunk chunkin up the deuces ... \I hate liars 
Did you see that sh$t ? WOoOoOoOoOoooooooooooWwWWwWwWWW .... f$ck yea U.S. to the top 16 baby , what a crazy game . Still cant believe it . Now time to go to sleep . Good Night U . S . of A ! 
Damn ! Does the grass not always seem greener on that other side ... 
Dont slip ..... 
Sometimes I sit back and wonder ...... What if MLK was still here today ? You think we would fall behind him and march to get this oil spill fixed ? Just sayin somethin needs to happen , you mean to tell me BP does this shit for a living and doesnt have a solution to this problem yet ? Just sayin , sh$t gets deeper everyday . 
I appreciate lil < PROPFEMALE > comin out and chillin with me at the studio . Good to see him . On another note I have an amazing idea that will soon be in the works , with the help of a couple people , could be somethin big . But I cant exactly say right now . More details later . 
Hahhahaaha some women talk a good game but wouldnt want me to get a hold of em . Ill handle that @$$ like a real mans supposed to and they know it . 
His Name Is < PROPFIRST > McQueen and Windows7 Was Not His Idea ! 
What ?!?!?!?! Off tonight ... a friday ? Yep ... What you doin ? IDK but gettin into something . 
Happy Birthday to my lil bro < PROPMALE > .... 13 yrs young today . Ha I remember like yesterday changin his sh ! tty diapers . Time flies ! 
Come on ... I know the aliens are comin this Independence Day ! I just hope Will Smith's ol ' a$$ is still able to save us ! 
Smokin ' ribs , beef loin , chicken , and sausage today .... I think that covers pretty much everything , not fish but I like when mine isn't marinated in Castrol GTX . 
His head spins constantly like gears in a clock , yet he is always lost in time . And he never pinpoints one thing to do , And his roads have no signs . He takes a second to think , but his thoughts wont unwind , He's trapped inside a world thats smaller than his mind . 
My computer is a RATARD ... Wont let me upload any new pics . Oh well you'll see me when ya see me . 
Lebron what ???? All I heard on Sportscenter is < PROPFIRST > Cowboys are ranked #2 baby ! Superbowl champs this year at home . 
Don't ask for permission ... Ask for forgiveness . 
I see stars from above ... QUESTION ????? >>> ....... If the universe is ever expanding , then what is it taking over ? Ask your local scientists that . I dont have an answer , I know who does . He hasn't answered my question yet . Has'nt really answered a lot of my questions but i'll keep talkin to him until he does . Then i'll get back to ya . 
Life .... Hahaha ! Its thrown me nothing but Curve balls . Yea I Swing , hit it sometimes . Mostly though its a strike . Let it throw me a Fastball , I promise Ima Knock it out the park ! 
The past made you ,... Yea u right . Its about where you goin tho pimp . Grab a hand and pull somebody forward next time . I don't have time to be set back with negativity . 
Whatever\ 
you THOUGHT about me .... was probably wrong . Whatever you THINK about\ 
me ... is your opinion . Whatever you KNOW about me is ... 100 . 
No man's knowledge can go beyond his experience . Therefore \ 
Knowledge is proud that he has learn'd so much and\ 
Wisdom is humble that he knows no more . 
Sunday Night Baby .... Hall of Fame Game . Cowboys and Bengals . I Can Already Feel Football Running Threw My Veins ... And of Course Cowboys ARE Going To Win . 
I think a mans worth is really weighed by his compassion for humanity ... Its not really about the 1 you care about the most , Its how you care about most as one . Sacrifice is the reason we all have a < PROPMALE > to own our own mansion in the sky with gifts of < PROPFEMALE > . You look at it as me getting ran over , I look at it like if I had to struggle , at least you didnt . 
Just to let you know , I'll probably laugh at most sh$t that makes you mad . 
Maybe its my swag .... 
Just hopped out the spaceship ... 
Really ??? 3 times ... Its gotta be a coincidence . 
Negativity : A sore on my a$$ . 
You the type that gotta call in the goons ... I come one deep strap like a army platoon . 
No since in arguing .... If we cant reach a common ground by talking , then yelling definitely wont get it resolved . I don't do the whole arguing thing , i'd rather just realize there's a difference in opinion and start from there . 
RIGHT : in accordance with what is good , or proper . In conformity with fact , reason , truth , or some standard of principle ; correct : Correct in judgment , opinion , or action . \ 
\ 
SO , what happens , when you want something that is RIGHT , but cant have it ? 
My eyes always < PROPFEMALE > low ... I'm not half Asian , but thanks for askin . 
Yea The Early Bird Does Get The Worm ... But The 2nd Mouse Always Gets The Cheese ! 
Good Times , Good Memories , & Good People are priceless . Make it\ 
worth the next persons time to get to know you . Misfortune happens to\ 
everyone and yea we might not be the < PROPMALE > and famous but I see greatness everytime I get on here . 
Maybe its my dougie ..... 
Dunkin asteroids in the milky way for breakfast right now , Ha ha long ass night at work , Feel like i cooked for at least half the people on fb . 
No matter where he goes .... 
Wow ... Crazy a$$ dream last night . Hope it holds some truth through my interpretation . If not i guess thats why its a dream . 
Whether Pain Or Pleasure : I know that I have lived because I have felt , and , \ 
feeling giving me the knowledge of my existence , I also know that I\ 
shall exist no more when I shall have ceased to feel . 
PREDICTIONS HERE : VIKINGS : 28 SAINTS : 24 . Its gonna be close but , Vikings edge it out . 
Cowboys ... Its alright ima still rock yall even tho we lost . I wouldnt do you like the saints fans ! 
Shut eyes make the world to big for you to comprehend , but to open makes it to small for you to live . I aint talkin about dyin , im just sayin , if knowledge is power ... how much do you really want ? 
In The Lab : Im In My Own Zone This Shit Got Me Throwed Off 
HIT THE STUDIO LAST NIGHT ..... I guess you had to be there . I post a link soon for everyone to hear . To far out there right now . 1 
Now\ 
Let me take you to a place far beyond , in whole nother galaxy , travel in ya mind , explore ya sexuality . Melt yo imagination and mold\ 
it into reality . Ya he < PROPMALE > s my < PROPMALE > galary girl . Can You Feel the\ 
Pictures That I painted 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LIL BRO : < PROPFIRST > . 22 Today .... Haha F^cked up mode , Already ! 
When there is a time where words are needless , The right expression on someones face is plenty sufficient . Yet , In times where an explanation for the unexplainable is needed ; all we have is a blank stare and its never enough . R.I.P. to my Grandfather . Words cannot express what you mean to me . 
Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh this weather . Who wants to cuddle ? 
Theres only one way to go .... 
That's hhhheeeeeerrrrrrr ....... That's her That's her That's her ........ 
Lay it down 
<<<< YEP THAT'S ME ! Got\ 
new beats that'll be posted in a few days , just gotta make the videos\ 
and add the sound . Don't be scared to give me your honest opinion , I NEED ALL THE CRITICISM POSSIBLE . < PROPMALE > RECORDIN SESSION\ 
TONIGHT >>>> \ 
SMOOTH <> RICH < N > DOMINIC >>>>>>> YALL\ 
READY ? < 
\hA fOr ReAl I aIn'T nO WanNa Be ... B$tCh I'm A gOnNa Be . When I Was 5 My Momma Looked At Her Son N Told Me Boi You Gon ' Break Hearts Cuz You Too Cute For Just 1 ! \"" 
Too many Erkels on ya team ; Thats why ya Winslow . 
I didn't really say to much ... I think she heard my swag . 
Cowboys ? Worst team in NFL ?.......................................... YEP 
Where you been ? 
You aint the only one thats got problemz , You aint the only one that knows pain . Get up off yo a$$ n just solve them , you still gotta < PROPMALE > to make a change . 
They Want me to change .... For what ? 
On That Level ! Ha ... So Far Past The Clouds I Could Hear A Martian Fart ! 
And I DREAM .............. DREAM of BETTER DAYS . 
THIS IS NOT A DEMOCRACY ; ITS A DICTATORSHIP .................................................. AND I'M < PROPMALE > ! 
Glad I dont work swing yard tonight . About to get into somethin . 
Tuesday .... Prolly the Most Boring Day I Ever Saw 
Number\ 
Game ! Send a number 0-500 to my inbox and ill tell you what i think\ 
about you in my status .. Only you will know who you are ! 
120000- You always been real . True to yourself . Always cuttin up in class back in the day . Even tho we dont talk anymore , always a good friend . 
76 ------ Woa , My first memory is playin football in Pee Wee . All the way to State after we won and You Called < PROPFIRST > Bateaste phone on the bus ride back ( he didnt know it was you ) and said you had his girl then he blew the f*ck up . Good times . I wish you nothin but the best . 
427 ------ My fam ... Wow , what to say ? Been threw a lot of ups and\ 
downs . You still always been there for me . And I got you always . I need\ 
to come yalls way one week and chill . Sucks yall left from here . 
1984 ------ Ha , a wild one . I like you tho . A good mother , and really\ 
seein you raise your children on your own kinda makes me see you as\ 
some kind of a super woman . Makes me have a lot of respect for single\ 
mothers too . And we need a drink sometime . 
307 ------- We aint really chill in highschool , but we did get wasted at\ 
the Hard Rock many times . Cool as a fan . And i know you care a lot\ 
about your child . Good People . 
#77 ------- I havent seen you in a while , but I do remember me , you and < PROPMALE > always on the bus cuttin up . Damn we gave poor Mr. < PROPMALE > hell . Where you been ? 
211 ------- A sexy one . I aint really know you til you and the homie got\ 
together . Definitely a Down Ass Chick in my book tho . Mad love for ya . 
11 -------- Damn .... I could write a book and it still wouldnt be enough\ 
to explain how much you mean to me . Everyday im blessed to have you as\ 
my sidekick . I feel like i should be there for you more . I got you and\ 
two others over everybody . EV-ER-Y-BODY ! Oh and of course I Love You . 
#22 ----- We had a lot of good times . I dont think ill ever have an absence of passion for you , nor a lack of respect . Strong willed for real . A beautiful person and soul even tho I feel like i caught the short end of tha stick . Two Words .... My Nai . 
#75 ....... If i was a few days earlier . I always think that about you . \ 
But i do have respect for you stayin true to somethin you believed in . \ 
I like when we talk . Plus you make me laugh . I cant wait to see you\ 
again . 
Damn ... What to do ? 
Yyyyeeeeaaaa ....... That one 
TO EVERYBODY >>> ITS TRIPLE X-MAS .... BE HAPPY ! PARTY WEDNESDAY ..... AROUND 11 UNTIL ! HIT ME UP FOR DETAILS ! 
I have grown to believe there is no such things as haters .... Just Secret Lovers . 
Party tonight .... Ill see you there 
I go hard 4ever , Thats just how I'm designed ! 
You quick to judge but i'm glad i've struggled . It's easy to hate me , It's harder to love me . Even if I don't make it I was as close to perfection as I could be . What did you expect ? I'm only human . 
I gotta get it all n you don't even know the half 
< PROPFEMALE > the folks livin fast .... i'm sorry . < PROPFEMALE > the folks not , i see ya . 
Put Me On Repeat ; Lets Go Again And Again 
To MLK ... To the Homies ... To Everybody ... To the Truth ... 
I knew when I seen the pastor tonight the word was gonna be strong .... Not that strong though . Revival was off the chain . I cant wait to toss my crowns at the lords feet . 
ill see ya up the road ... in the upperr roooommm 
Side Note : seen two of my bois sittin in a truck today in the front yard , it wasn't crunk but it was on , wish i coulda hopped in the back , asked where they was at , where they was goin , and if i could ride . 
The difference between a Story Teller and a Messiah ; One tells the truth ... The other , Just stories . If you think the truth wont set you free .... Ha , keep tellin stories . 
