wants to go golfing again ! I have only gone 4 times but I absolutely love it ! 

I agree with Sen. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s stance on an issue for once ! 
I'm excited for the BYU v Florida State game today . Go Cougars ! 
I am going to have to get used to the color pink . 
Why do you think the White House has declared war on the Fox News Channel ? 
History has shown us that once a freedom has been surrendered few things short of bloodshed may restore it ! 
... Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government ... -- Declaration of Independence 1776 
I'm no fan of Sen < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , but I wish Washington and the media would stop trying to make him out to be some sort of racist . His comments were foolish , but not malicious . 
I learned a long time ago that not everybody in this world is going to like me , and I am perfectly fine with that . 
I don't mean to brag , but I make some mean raspberry lemonade . 
I am sick and tired of hearing professors in school compare U.S. soldiers in the revolutionary war to terrorists . This infuriates me ! I have seen terrorism with my own eyes , and there is no comparison . None ! 
Holding my precious < PROPFEMALE > . She's almost asleep . 
ITS CELEBRITY LOOK ALIKE WEEK !! Change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like . If you have more than one , change it every day , until Saturday ! Let's see if we can all still recognize each other ! Re-post this on your status , and see our celebrity look alikes . 
It's not looking good for my Lakers tonight . Kobe and Bynum are out , and the Jazz are playing their best basketball all year . 
I need to put some pictures of my little < PROPFEMALE > on here . 
Let's go LAKERS !!!!!!! 
I am getting my butt kicked in my spanish course . Trying to learn a new language is one of the hardest things I have ever done . 
I think I am missing the social networking < PROPFIRST > . I really stink at Facebook . 
