We had a great bible study tonight !!! But missed < PROPFEMALE > : ( hope you feel better !!! 

Facebook is great in two days I find two people who have been in my heart and on my mind for more than 20 years !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
great day today , Church , family and food , what more could you ask for ?????? 
Tonight we started a women's bible study of < PROPMALE > Yancey's The Jesus I never knew . I think I'm going to learn alot !!!! The group of women are wonderful and I feel blessed to belong . 
Why is it that some can do no good and some can do no wrong ? We all show understanding , compassion , caring , empathy , and love . We also all show anger , jealousy , envy , intolerence and hate . We choose which traits we see in others . 
Life is what you make it . So make it good . Love like there is no tomorrow . Forgive those who hurt you . Forget the bad , remember the good . 
\We are all mad here . \ " ~ Cheshire Cat " 
Just watched the movie Dirty Dancing !!! I have not seen it in a very long time and it is just as great as I remember it !!! 
Your life will do one of two things ... shed a light or cast a shadow ... I hope that I can always shed a light . 
God works in amazing ways !!! Just when it seems things are not going to work out , God shows you to continue walking in faith and never doubt !!! For he will provide for us . 
Last night at the Las Vegas Mission was one of the best experiences of my life !!!! I have been so moved by the power of God !!!! And even more by the power of FAITH !!!! 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week . \ 
~ In Memory of ( Lil ' ) < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? \ 
August 30 at 9:33 am · 
We need to wake up & sing up , & preach up & pray up , & never give up or let up or back up or shut up , until the church is filled up , or we go up ! 
has lost her happy . Can you please bring it back ? :( 
Do you know the meaning of F.R.O.G. ? No it is not the little green slimy thing ! \ 
F = Fully , R = Rely , O= on , G = God . Fully rely on God ! FROG ! I love FROG !!! 
doesn't know if she feels like crying or banging her head against a concrete wall . 
I could use some prayers today . I need the strength to deal family that should care the most about our Mother who is in the hospital and don't . Also , for a quick recovery and return home for my Mother . I feel such a sadness ...... 
I would like to the our Church family for all of their love and support !!! We are truly blessed by all of you !!! You will never know how much you have changed our lives . The care and prayers are welcome and needed . Again thank you !!! 
Tomorrow should be a great day filled with serving at the LV Mission and my Birthday !! Looking forward to seeing all my family and friends !! 
Thank you all for your birthday wishes !! Had a good day at the Mission and a wonderful evening with my Dad , Mom and < PROPFEMALE > thank you all for such a loving birthday !! I love you all very much !! 
Some days you feel sorry for yourself , then you see or read something that reminds you that things could be worse . We need to remember these are the times we should go to God and thank Him for all the wonderful things that are and are to come !! 
Today started out badly , fighting w/ my sister & her husband never good . Thoughts of not going to Church . I want to thank < PROPFEMALE > for helping me to make a wise choice to attend . Thanks to Pastor < PROPMALE > for praying with me so I had the power to attend . Thank you to all my Church family for your support . You have all touched and changed my life more then you can ever know . I LOVE YOU ALL !!!! 
I just wanted to let everyone know that God has answered us again ! My sister just called to let us ( < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , me and < PROPFEMALE > ) know that we may have < PROPFEMALE > on Christmas from Noon to 8:30 pm !!! Thank you all and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!! PRAISE JESUS !!!!! 
The devil is working extra hard on our family !! We are staying strong in the Lord and we KNOW we will WIN !!!!! \because the one who is in you is GREATER than the on who is in the world ' 1john 4:4 " 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas to all !!!!! 
I just want to say that my Dad makes the BEST taco dip ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you Dad !! \ 
I love you !!! 
By this time on Thursday we will be in Burbank , CA . we can hardly wait !!! 
Tomorrow I will be in CA .!!!!! Looking forward to seeing family !! but will miss family here !!! 
Glad to be back home but it is bittersweet , I miss seeing < PROPFEMALE > and not being home made that easier . God will work things out . It is breaking my heart ........ 
Tonight was a great time at the LV Rescue Mission !!! I am proud to know two wonderful guys who have chosen to walk the straight path with Jesus . How blessed we are to have you as friends and part of the PHCC family !!! 
Love never gives up , never loses faith , is always hopeful , and endures through every circumstance . 1 Cor . 13:7 \ 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
there comes a point in your life when you realize you are not okay with being alone 
I asked God for answers to 2 prayers and got them , just like I asked for . Thank you God .... but why did it not make me happy ???? What is wrong with me ?!?!?!? 
just go home from the LV rescue mission and feel so honored to be able to join such a wonderful group of people in Worship !!! I LOVE MY CHURCH !!! PHCC FOREVER !! The music was the best ever !!! 
I had a wonderful day today !!! Church , fellowship and a class on inductive study of the Bible . God is Great !!! 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired !!! This is the 2nd time in less then a month I'm down and out with illness !! Please PRAY for me !!! : ( 
I have rejoined the working class !!!! Hooray !!!! I now work for the Fiesta Henderson as a cage cashier !!! 
