tinkerbell is having puppies 

New < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy new years everyone , hope this 2011 is better then the last wishing u love , joy and health always . 
excited to go to wisconsin with my family tomorrow :) 
the more i see the less i know the more i like to let it go ... ( r . h . c . p . ) 
Is anyone interested in buying a pool table ? 
like the game nazi zombies 
going out with my girls can't wait :) .. \please dont stop the music ... \"" 
can't sleep ... : l 
first day of training ... loving it 
new phone but lost < PROPFIRST > : 0 can u plz send em to me .. plz & thank u :) 
If i had to pick a wrinkly dog it would be the Shar-pei . 
anyone have skype ? 
Not sleepy , too much drama .. feeling annoyed 
Like this status and I'll tell you :\ 
1 ) How we met .? \ 
2 ) My first impression of you .? \ 
3 ) What I like about you .? \ 
...... 4 ) Favorite memory with you ?. \ 
............ 5 ) Dare you to put this as your status 
who can i share my thoughts , hopes , dreams , and everything about mi ser if the person who's there with u doesn't seem/show to care ... 
academy awards !!! 
do people these days check their e-mails ? 
This is the 1st in a great while ... im bored 
feeling a lil eased but still don't know if to go or not 
Earthquake , tsunami and reactors blowing up in the same week ... God help the nation of Japan . 
I want to have fun too : l 
from now on this might be a challenge 
feeling excited ... 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
A good vacation is over when you begin to yearn for your work . ~ Morris Fishbein 
home sweet home and happy to see my baby 
A true friend is one who thinks you are a good egg even if you are half-cracked . 
Do any Girls play black ops on ps3 ? 
supposably when i sneeze i sound like a pikachu they say pikaa and i say chuu 
our eyes are the same size from birth ? 
25% of americans say they have tasted their pets's food . Ewww 
I never thought i would see the day i would see my mom texting for the first time :O 
sso nice out :) lovin ' it 
Need motivation and inspiration 
Guanajuato love <3 
Glee ! lol 
The fighting game , pretty messed up how it ended . Two wrongs don't make a right but mayweather he really went out of line 
You would need almost 4,000 pokemon dollars if you wanted to buy one Starbucks Franppuccino ! ( my resource game informer ) ;p 
Emus and kangaroos can't walk backwards . 
Grrr ... and ugh 
Fiddler On the Roof good movie 
Dreams ... what can they possibly mean ... are Dreams answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask ? ... and A dream which is not interpreted is like a letter which is not read ? 
Vicious ... Night Dream . ... ... : l 
Are male pokemon stronger fighters than female pokemon ? 
