Parrrrttyyyyy at auntie < PROPFEMALE>'s house !!! Jagermyster !!! 

Wooo I'm chocolate wasted !!!!! Happy new year everyone !!! 
When you love someone , their life can mean more to you than your own 
There's gotta be somebody for me out there ... 
Cuz i need you , cuz i need you here with me , when it falls through , and i'm down here on my knees .... 
With you i know that i'm good for something 
This fucking black cloud still follows me around but its time to exorcise these demons , these motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now ! 
' It's so sad to say that this pain is killing me inside , but it's so sad to say that this pain is keeping me alive , twisting and turning , it rips through my heart , it's been tearing me apart ' 
People always leave 
Do you know what it's like to know not a single thing about yourself , and it's all your fault ? 
If you need me so much , then why did you leave ? 
is completely forgotten .. :( 
is completly broken 
All the times i've shared with you , were you even there at all ? 
am i hollow ? just an < PROPFEMALE > 
I don't want to be here alone , so alone 
It's easier to run , replacing this pain with something numb . Its so much easier to go , than face all this pain here all alone . 
i just need somebody to love 
Can i still be forgiven for all of these things ? Or have i gone too far now , have i lost my wings ? 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return 
i swear this time it won't turn out the same , cuz now i've got myself to blame 
not so easy to forget , harder to forgive 
what do you do when the one that can make you Stop crying , is the one that made you Cry ? 
If I live tomorrow , Would anybody care , Stuck in this sorrow , Going nowhere 
sometimes these cuts are so much deeper than they seem . you'd rather cover up , i'd rather let them bleed 
you're lying to yourself , you're slowly dying , you're denying , your health is declining with your self-esteem , you're crying out for help 
Fast i fade away it's almost over , hold on . Slow i suffocate i'm cold and broken , Alone . 
thanks to < PROPFIRST > Sparrow and Kinzi < PROPMALE > for their help last night , i love you both more than you know 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Sparrow and Kinzi < PROPMALE > for everything they have done for me , i love you both more than anything :D xxxxx 
Lost in the darkness , hoping for a sign . Instead there is only silence 
your so far down but you will survive it somehow because life starts now 
Lift me up , Let me go ... 
It's my birthday !! Thanks for all your bday wishes everyone , i love you all :) 
is it so hard for people to tell me the fucking TRUTH for once ?? i'm not a bad person am i ?? :( 
you're slowly dying , you're denying , your health is declining with your self esteem , you're crying out for help 
I can’t feel my senses , I just feel the cold , All colors seem to fade away , I can’t reach my soul 
No woman is worth your tears and the only one who is , will never make you cry . 
is so freakin ' freaked out right now ! what to do ??? 
Applied for El Camino College today and is so proud of herself !!! :D :D :D :D :D 
I've become so numb 
I wanna heal , I wanna feel like I’m close to something real , I wanna find something I’ve wanted all along , Somewhere I belong 
Just washing it aside , All of the helplessness inside , Pretending I don't feel misplaced , It's so much simpler than change 
I got a heart full of pain , head full of stress , handfull of anger , held in my chest , Uphill struggle , Blood sweat and tears , Nothing to gain , Everything to fear 
I'm in love with a girl who knows me better , fell for the woman just when i met her 
I am the opposite of wack , opposite of weak . Opposite of slack , synonym of hit , synonym of crack . Closest to a beat , far from a punk . Ya'll oughta stop talking , start trying to catch up mother fucker 
Baby I'm in love with you ( you ) , And all I want is you ( you ) , It's me and you against the world 
You give me the hummingbird heartbeat , Spread my wings and make me fly , The taste of your < PROPFEMALE > is so sweet , When you give me the hummingbird heartbeat , hummingbird heartbeat 
\No shame in holding onto grief ... so long as you leave room for other things \"" 
You won't cry for my absence , I know - You forgot me long ago . Am I that unimportant ...? Am I so insignificant ...? Isn't something missing ? Isn't someone missing me ? 
do you remember me , lost for so long . will you be on the other side , or will you forget me . I'm dying , praying , bleeding and screaming , am I too lost to be saved\ 
am I too lost ? 
If you give me the world then it won't mean nothing , cause if you leave my world then i won't have nothing . this is for my heart , this is for my soul . lovers may come and lovers may go . but i don't worry bout a thing cuz as long as we're together , i know , i know , i know that no one's gonna love me better . 
My heart and soul flatlines , put your mouth on mine , And bring me back to life 
You can't take away my strength , fix these broken things , there's nothing left to fight , live free or let me die . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND R.I.P. TO MARQUISE ORTIZ . I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU ALWAYS 
Listening to dominik shipman's beats that he's excellent at making ! Current beat : Suck It(the DX song ) . I remember making it with him . I miss you Dom !! :) 
Listening to Dominik Shipman's beats that he's excellent at making ! Current beat : Suck It(the DX song ) . I remember making it with him . I miss you Dom !! :) 
Wonders why she is such a burden ... :( 
Listening to lost prophets's ' rooftops ' and wondering why i feel the way i do .. when i was just in a good mood yesterday , what's wrong with me ?.. 
Getting lost in the world of music once more , my safe place always 
Here you are down on your knees again , trying to find air to breathe again , and only surrender will help you now , I love you please see and believe again 
Do you know what it's like to wanna surrender ? 
Dead inside , no other satisfies . My blood runs dry , take my life , save me from this death inside 
Way to go < PROPFIRST > white !!!! 1st place at the end of the night ! Can't wait for tomorrow !! :D 
< PROPFIRST > my man ... didn't make it in slope today , but i have a feeling he's gonna rock it on sunday !! TORSTEIN HORGMO WITH THE TRIPLE CORK !!! MAKING HISTORY !!!! GOTTA LOVE IT ! :D :D :D 
< PROPFIRST > white's night tonight , let's hope he does something big ! Possibly a triple cork ? We shall see ! SO EXCITED , I CAN'T WAIT !! :) 
< PROPFIRST > WHITE IS A BEAST ! First four-peat ever in Superpipe !! Ahh i'm so pumped !!! :D 
Something's missing in me , I felt it deep within me , as lovers left me to bleed alone 
