Movie Night ! 

Okay , sweetheart , I know you don't wish to believe that our world rotates around the sun but indeed yourself but really , your constant intrusions on conversations and exertions of what you believe to be witty comments are rather annoying . So please try to realize that we the people , whom you so humbly grace with your presence , grow tiresome of your presence and brash words so please , just leave now . 
Hmmm watch the football game with my mother ? I think so :) 
I finally made a Facebook :) 
Just got home from show choir and I amazingly didnt mess up my solo :) Well think I'm going to lay down so all of you lovely people should text me ... 
Ok so just saying before I go to to bed I would totally kill for some Subway right about now ... 
Hmm I feeling a movie night coming on ... 
5 o'clock really needs to get here faster ... 
Ahh finally have absolutely everything done for drama and hopefully things are going to start going my way for once ... 
I really just need to get away from here for awhile .... 
So I might go lay down so you lovely people should text me 
I really really really want to Bounty < PROPMALE > .... 
So I'm really bored and I'm not falling asleep anytime soon ... talk ? Still can't believe Bounty < PROPMALE > comes out the day of the play :/ 
I am so tired ... I haven't gotten any sleep lately , everytime I try I fall asleep for like and hour or two and then I wake up :/ 
So no idea if I'm going to prom or not ... I mean I want to go but idk ... 
So I think I might just give up on guys for awhile , I mean it sounds like a pretty good idea right about now 
Ahh my throat hurts terribly terribly bad ... 
Ahh I just watch The Fourth Kind and it was pretty silly XP 
I guess I'm gonna go to bed since theres school tomorrow :/ 
So I really want to watch a movie but no idea which one ... any suggestions ? 
I just love it when people act like jerks :) 
Ahh I finally found the perfect prom dress !!!! Haha I'm sooo excited now :) 
I think I just died a little on the inside ... its snowing ... 
I love people who find it necessary to make other people miserable and pissy just because they're having a bad day ... 
Hmm what to do , what to do ... 
People need to learn how to take a joke ... :/ 
Well this day just keeps getting better and better ... 
So I kinda really want to go for a walk ... 
Seeing Clash of the Titans later !!! Woot , Today is just goin to be great :) 
Just when you think the day is going to be a good one , everything just happens to go wrong ... 
I love sitting at home on friday nights ... 
I needs to sweep mi steps and then I'm going to < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
Ahh I fixed my computer !!!! Accomplishment for the day :) 
So maybe eating three sandwiches was a really bad idea ... :/ 
Wow I have absolutely nothing to do tonight ... 
About to go hiking and more than likely end up hurting myself ! :) 
So I just found out that Roeper said < PROPMALE > can't sing and is a \lousy actor\ " ... He must pay ... XP " 
Yeah ... today is going to suck ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s tonight ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party in a little bit :) 
So guess who forgot about the POD courtcases .... This kid :) 
I love not being able to sleep :) 
I have to get up at five in the moring for yoga .... Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
I really just want to go somewhere warm ... 
That was the longest track meet ever ... 
I really want to do something right about now ... 
The guys ' tennis team doesn't have anymore home matches :/ ... I wanted to see < PROPFIRST > play ... 
Ahh I gots to see < PROPFIRST > play !!! :) Hopefully going to go watch movies with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... 
So I'm pretty sure the plans I have for tomorrow aren't going to happen so now I have nothing to do ... 
My computer is like dying ... 
Wow that was the first time I actually selpt in in like over a month ... 
I got a feeling that tonight is going to be one of those sleepless nights ... 
Hanging out with Shelbs :) no idea what were doing though ... 
UHG !!!! WHY ?!?! WHY ? WHY !?!? Can someone please just tell me why ??? Because that would be great ... 
Ahh today was great !!! I still feel kinda cold though ... :) 
Sooo I think I lost my wallet ... which would really suck cause i love that thing ... hopefully it turns up somewhere . Anyway off to bed :) 
Ahh I made breakfast for dinner !!!! It's really yummy :) 
Wow theres absolutely nothing to do today ... 
Yo , if Bemis wants his money just give him his money . 
Ahhhhhhhh prom is friday !!!!!! :) 
I honestly really just don't even care anymore , like really just screw it all . If only I were her ... 
Ok I'm not doing anything else today besides finishing this stupid paper ... 
I . Hate . < PROPMALE > . Hughes . And I will continue to hate him for the next four days ... 
If someone could just shoot me in the leg or something I would greatly appreciate it ... Just saying 
I quit ! I quit ! I QUIT ! I am soooo done !!!! 
Hey guess what !???!!! Prom is in two days !!!!! But yeah I'm making the worlds hottest and greatest chicken for dinner tonight ! :) 
Ahhh you're all fake !!! You potray what people want of you but not what you want of yourself . You all aim to be cool kids with everyone surrounding but yet you're all alone instead of being the loser you really are with that one friend next to you and yet somehow you're never alone 
Just got home from hanging with Shelbs and slightly < PROPFIRST > , which was pretty interesting . :) 
Tylers gonna be here soon and then its off to take twenty billion pictures ! :) 
Last nights prom was the first dance that was actually worth it , it was absolutely amazing !!!! 
So I just watched \The Box\ " and I honestly didn't understand any of it ... guess I'll just have to read the book " 
Erm people can be such jerks ! I really just want to punch something .... 
I gots myself a job :) lol 
Movie night ! Picking up pizza soon and that fun stuff . :) 
Eh I got a feeling today is going to kinda suck ... 
So I want to see < PROPFIRST > Hood but I kinda don't want to waste my money if its like super bad or pretty much just like Gladiator ... 
Ahhh the ceiling at Taco < PROPFEMALE > caved in on some lady !!! I'm sorry but that's halarious and she didn't get hurt or anything so it's all good :) 
Okay so the next guy to call me \shawty\ " or ask to \ " holla at me\ " I'm going to punch them in the throat . Okay ? :) " 
I want to go to the movies and see < PROPFIRST > Hood !!! Someone come with me ... 
Okay to everyone in relationships . When ya break up it is not the end of the world , hell its not even a big shock . Get Over Yourselves ! Life's too short to be worrying about stupid things like why they broke up with you or what do they have that you don't . And if things work out and ya get back together , great . If not , owell move on . And yeah , I know I'm high school and I don't know much , I'm just ranting I guess :) 
Sitting at < PROPFIRST>'s with Shelb and Zach . Work tomorrow and well I'm not too sure what else ... 
So , I think I'm dying ... No matter what I take my head won't stop throbbing and it's really starting to hurt 
Summer just needs to get here already so I can be around people I actually like and care about ... plus I really want to go on vacation . :) 
I love how it's 1o'clock and and I'm just waking up . :) 
Okay I whole heartedly hate Subway . Everytime I eat there my stomach hurts ... 
I work all weekend and monday :/ ... oh well more hours for me ! lol 
Ok so I ran with and without < PROPFIRST > ; My foot hurts , I'm sweaty and would would love to take a shower but nooooo my brother just has to be taking a shower at the moment :/ 
Not trying to sound pessimistic or anything but we all die alone no matter what ... Thats really depressing 
Guess who just got home from work and their legs are killing them ... this kid ! :) 
It's a beautiful day today and I work , Yay ! lol 
Nooooooo ... yard work :/ 
Off soon to serve the ever so lovely customer base of Tace < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Ugh i feel sooooo awake ... probably going to pull an all nighter ... 
Ugh I hate liking people ... it's too complicated ... 
So I stabed my finger and it really hurts ... :/ 
Damn you Waggles ! This bruise hurts and it looks really wierd . 
My spoon is too big ... :D 
So even though my brother is a jerk and obnoxious and rude and stubborn and ... well I think you get the point , I can't help but love him with all my heart . :) 
Haha I can hear my arteries gasping for air , jeez I'm gonna die one day ... 
I just worked nine hours and it honestly wasn't that bad , we got our butts kicked but I think me and nine hour shifts could get along quite famously :) 
I love not being able to sleep especially when I get to work all day the next day :) 
Hah , I love when people try to hit on you through the drive-thru of a fast food restaurant . It's pretty silly :) 
I think I just might be a bum today :) 
Yay , I get my pay check tomorrow !!!!! I so excited !!!! :D 
I love when people try to act gangster , I think it's quite appealing . 
I work 10 hours tomorrow soooo I'm off to bed , night :D 
Honestly , being single is really starting to get annoying ... 
My stomach hurts soooo much ... : ? 
Why doesn't life come with a \redo\ " button ?... " 
Well I wanted to go shopping but thats not going to happen so I guess all I'm doing to day is working . 
Ugh I hate not being able to drive ... I want food ... 
That was like the best nap ever :) 
So I took a psychological personality test and parts of it made me smile while others were quite depressing ... 
I went shopping today and it was great !!! I found this amazing corset top and my mom actually let me get it !!! I so excited :) 
Guess who just made Peanutbutter Chip Brownies , this kid !!!! ? 
So , you think the City of Struthers Homepage would let you know when Struthers Day was ... 
So I just watched The New Daughter , with < PROPFIRST > Costner <3 , and it was like super amazing up until the end and then it really made me angry ... 
Picking up my check and then going shopping with my brother !!! :) I love my life 
Sooo I finally got to see Toy Story 3 , I cried so hard at the end ... 
I can't go to Struthers Day tomorrow .... I work 5 to something :/ 
God , you make me laugh Canteen Boy ... ? 
I feel proud of myself , I went and bought my books for Honors 12 and started to read one of them and it's only early July !!!!! :) Well , I work sooo no more reading . 
I feel so ... I don't know just not like me .... I have no idea what I want and I feel like I'm super alone ... 
I love not being able to sleep ... 
Sooo I can't < PROPFEMALE > out with anyone cause I got called in early , sorry :/ 
Ahh today was amzing , I love my job :) Work tomorrow and thennn leaving for Cedar Point monday and staying up there and then work wednesday . I can't wait ! 
Can today just be over ? Nothing good came from it and plus I feel really bad for my dog because she's terrified of fireworks ... 
Sooo Cedar Point was pretty amazing :) Well I'm home now and I get to work tomorrowwww 
I have to get up early tomorrow on my day off to go into work ... thank you < PROPMALE > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > :) 
People really need to get over themselves .... 
Wellll I work tomorrow soooo night ! 
I'll never let you find me . I'm leaving you behind with the past . No , I won't look back . And I don't want to hear your reasons . Don't want to hear you tell me why I should stay ... ??? 
Soooo I really want a pet chinchilla and I think I just might be able to convince my mom to let me get one :) 
Ok see theres this kid named Mikey and I'm going to punch him the next time he pokes me 
So work was horrible tonight ... I get to open tomorrow and then to a \Taco < PROPFEMALE > Alumni\ " picnic at < PROPMALE>'s house ... It's safe to say that Taco < PROPFEMALE > is now my life " 
Ugh just got home , today definitly had it's ups and downs but overall not bad . Taking a nap and then heading to my sister's house for the night :) 
Called into work sooo idk whats going on with tonight ... 
Hmmmm I wonder if I'll actually have tomorrow off :) 
Work and probably nothing else today ... 
I love the people I work with , I really do :) 
I'm off tomorrow ! :D Going to the bank in the morning and then who knows how the rest of the day will play out ... Oh at work some old drunk guy tried to figure out where I live today , that was fun ... 
I should be sleeping since I open in the morning and work 8 hours ... 
Yay I get to get ready for work in four hours ... 
Oh , hey , guess who's working two of their three days off ?.... Yeah you got it , this kid . 
Cleaning and then off to work 
I feel so alone , it's too quiet someone text me .... 
So I jogged in the morning and then later walked everywhere in struthers with < PROPFIRST > ... I think I'm good for today :) And I bought amazing eyeshadow . 
I don't think I've ever truly wanted to physically hurt another person until now ... 
I absolutely love the people I work with , I always leave laughing :) 
I'm not a perfect person , there's many things I wish I didnt do ... But I continue learning . :) 
Ok I'm going to jog to clear my head , come home take a shower and then go to work . I hope it'll be a good day ... 
Have you ever been a part something that you thought would never end and then , of course , it did ?? Alright getting ready for work . Hah I get to start my birthday off right , at The < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
Just got off work . Happy Birthday to me !!! :D 
I hope that one day instead of complaining about everything , people learn to find the brighter side in situations . That for every \dilema\ " in your life there will always be a positive aspect to counter it . And remember your life could be worse so why not try to be thankful that usually the biggest problem in your life stems from drama and pettiness . " 
Hmmm I think me and my mommy need a spa day ... my treat :) 
Well I'm off today . :) I think I will go out to eat and shop with my mom and then hopefully see some of my friends today ... 
Well I open tomorrow soooooooooo I'm going to bed :) 
Hah , the only time off during the day for like the next week and I was a complete bum . :) 
Yay ! My debit card finally came in the mail ! :) 
Guess who gets to work 10hrs tomorrow ? Yeah you guessed right , this kid :) 
I love how I got off work at 12 but was there until 1 ... 
Got to < PROPFEMALE > with Karastin and them today it was pretty great , I was assured that I have nice legs . :) 
I love how I go into work and I'm told that I'm off today ... 
Yay just worked 10 hours but was there for 12 buuuutttt I did talk to a guy at FiveGuys who would trade me burgers for tacos ! That totally made my day :) 
Eh , I don't know why I ever tried . Maybe in the begining we could've had something but after that first failed attempt there really was no point in trying . Now you act as if I'm not here ... 
Tried to take a nap before i go into work but that didnt exactly work ... 
Three more days ... just three more days till im on the beach and not worrying about work or people or anything ... 
Hmmm I think I'm gonna go watch some meteors later :) 
My brothers back at college .... won't see him for another 5 months . On the brighter side tomorrow's the last day and then vacation . :) 
Hah I just heard Taco < PROPFEMALE>'s commercial for our new \delicious\ " < PROPFEMALE > tacos on the radio and I don't think I've laughed that hard in a while :) " 
Eh they want me to go to kareokee night ... Not to sure how i feel about this 
So I went to kareokee night and sang annnnnnnnnnnnd it was amazing :D 
Bed now and horseback riding on the beach tomorrow :) 
Go out to the pool to find two drowned crabs :/ 
Horseback riding was amazing ! Got a bruise from the stirrup though :/ 
On my way home . Cant wait to see everyone :) 
So i definitly just saw one of the cutest guys ever :) 
Yay i probably just got poison < PROPFEMALE > trying to catch this friggin cat for these people at a rest stop ... At least i caught him 
I'M HOME ! I'M HOME ! I'M HOME ! I'M FINALLY FRIGGIN HOME ! lol I missed everyone so much and this may be weird but I honestly can't wait to go to work tomorrow 
So first day back to work didn't really go as I hoped it would ... Tomorrow will be better hopefully . 
Ok I'm pretty proud of myself right now . All of my Honors English work is done when usually I'm doing it the night before school starts . 
I can't sleep and I open tomoroow .. I love it . 
Soooo I definitly want to see Resident Evil : Afterlife when it comes out . Now I need people to see it with :) 
Honestly I hope that one day when you're out driving you blow a tire and then crash into a friggin ditch or a tree or something ... 
I'm thankful for my talents . I'm thankful for my flaws and imperfections . I'm thankful for my family . I'm thankful for my friends who've helped me . I'm thankful for the people that have hurt me . I'm thankful for the people I work with that make me smile no matter the day . I'm thankful for the mistakes I make and am going to make and if god were to take me away tomorrow I would be satisfied with the life I've lived . 
Finally made it to a rehearsal ! :) Annnnnnnnd I got my schedule for school . Today has been nothing but amazing and now I'm going to work to top it all off . 
Wellll I guess I'm going to clean so I can go to this bonfire later ... :) 
Sooo I think I might just go lay down and listen to music before tonight gets more frustrating than it already is . 
Never again will I put up decorations at work ... Other than that today was amazing :) 
Today was abosolutely amazing ! I love my job and everyone there and even some of the people that go there . :) Now I get to do homework ... 
I know this may come as a shock but < PROPFIRST > Boulton is not the kind loving person he appears to be . He is a jerk and a terrible friend . Please pray for him . 
So I'm convinced , the only way most are going to look at you anymore is if you have no moral values , you're beyond stupid and well you'll do what ever he wants ... 
Take me out to the black , tell them I ain't comin ' back . Burn the land and boil the sea , you can't take the sky from me ... 
Sooo I have $100 more than what I thought I did . Yay me ! :) 
Borrrrrrrrred !.... Ugh I want to do something tonight ... 
I have a feeling tomorrow is going to be a terrible day ... On that note I can't wait to see The Expendables :) 
Plans for the day : Catch up on math homework . Go home , clean a little bit and then take like a two hour nap . Go to work until four(but not leave until five ) in the morning . I just love my exciting life . 
Oh jeeze , I think I find myself starting to crush on someone ... 
I'm stuck at home doing math work while my friends are at Cedar Point , yay me ... 
So this really creepy guy just followed me out of Walmart and watched me go to my car ... I can honestly say I was kind of scared 
I'm off today , I'm bored and eveyone is busy so I have nothing to do .... plus I really want to get my check buuutttttt I have no way of getting out there :/ 
I had an absolute amazing day today :) Now I get to clean and be nagged at for the rest of the night(mom ) . lol 
So work definitely wasn't too great ... I feel completely terrible 
Work went back to being amazing , I'm happy it's back to normal . :) Excited the weekend is here because it's going to be amazing :) 
So tonight was absolutely amazing and I had a great time . :) 
So at work this lady told me that I had a nice smile and a shining personality which was fine and dandy until she went on to say that I was a beautiful creature ?.... 
Work was wonderful today , I love arguing with my Dannybear :) I guess I'll do a little math and then go to bed . 
So I just chased down my neighbors 100 pound husky ... definitly don't want to do that one again anytime soon . 
Can someone please just shoot me ... I don't want to anything tomorrow , I just want to sleep . I don't want to see anyone and I really don't want to go anywhere . I can honestly say I just want to be alone but of course that won't happen . 
I do not understand what I'm doing in math . I'm so friggin lost and confused and it's making me mad ... 
Ahhh I found a corset that I really really really want ... but I would have no where to wear it :/ 
So thanks to a certain someone I really want to watch < PROPFEMALE > and I can't find it ... anywhere :/ 
\I hate math with a passion so fierce that sometimes it scares me ... \"- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) " 
And we'll stay out all night ' cause rest is for the dead , ' Cause tonight is like you and I so alive and too young , too young to die ... :) 
So I know the right thing would be to sympathize and feel some kind of empathy for the kid but every time I look at him let a lone think about him I'm filled with all this anger and possibly even hatred that I don't even care that he's going through a hard time ... But I know this is wrong and I really just don't now what to do . 
< PROPFEMALE > I just got home from an amazing day with < PROPFIRST > and now its time for a nap :) 
I'm so happy my mom finally had a good day . She had good seats to see the browns and they actually won a game . She truly deserved today and I hope she gets more days like them soon . 
So after a long talk with my mom and a much needed cry I've decided that I'm just too overwhelmed and something has to go ... 
Sooo today was pretty interesting especially work ... I got my beautiful check today so that made everything better ! :D 
I hate it ... 
Oh guess who got their Halloween costume today ... yeah that's right , this kid ! 
Oh yeah and guess who's Vice President of Show Choir this year , this kid :) 
Well , let's see what else gets thrown my way today . 
So I hate how guys say that the only thing girls do is nag and complain . We really don't and when we do it's not as bad as it's played out to be . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I despise you and your poetry ... 
Someone , anyone , please shoot me or you don't even have to shoot me you can just kidnap me . I won't fight you , I promise . I won't tell anyone who you are or where we're at . I'd make a very good hostage and do whatever you tell me to . Please ... 
I promise you I'm trying , more than you know , but I'm no supergirl . It takes time to adjust and even more to shine . I have to sink before I can learn to float ... 
Absolute failure ... 
Happy sweetest day ... oh wait , I have no one to say that to . 
So I've completly lost sight of what I want to do with my life ... 
Frankly , my dear , I don't give a damn . 
Already starting to get stuff ready for the play , everything is going so fast ... 
I have the biggest headache ever ... I don't think I've ever screamed that much/ 
Sooo me and my mommy are making steaks , baked potatoes , corn , and salad for dinner ... And I wonder why I'm gaining weight . 
Omg I'm almost done with math ... I honestly can't believe it . 
Last night was a pretty good time . :) And I'm passing out < PROPFEMALE > later . Well that or I'm going to Ghost Lake . 
So $50 worth of < PROPFEMALE > only lasted like an hour for trick-or-treaters ... I guess we have to get a hundred next year ? 
I don't need your understanding . I don't need to change a damn thing . 
I love my job and I love the people I work with . :) And I love the fact that I get paid tomorrow . 
I hate it ! I can't stop shivering ... 
Oh I'm punching you in the nose next time I see you ... 
Soooo I just got home from work and I get to be back there at 9 o'clock in the morning . Yay me . 
Rage . 
I love < PROPFIRST > Moxley 
Work at 5 .... I really don't have a life anymore ... 
I'm drowning . I'm reaching out and getting nothing . I'm angry . I'm frustrated . I'm pissed . I'm scared . I'm fucking tweaking out . I can't focus . My mind is everywhere and it's getting nowhere . I'm screaming and nothing is coming out . I can't stand the voices of the people I hold close but I can't stand not being heard by someone who cares . I don't know what to do . 
Ahhhhh < PROPMALE > POTTER !!!! :D 
I honestly can't stand the wait .... Midnight just needs to get here , like now ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter was absolutely amazing ! Everyone needs to go see it as soon as you can . Just not tomorrow or saturday night because you all should be at the Drama Club play . :) 
MY BIG BROTHER IS HOME !!!!!!!! 
Going to get ready for the play !!!! And it's Steak N ' Shake after ! :) 
I'll be at work tomorrow from 9 o'clock in the morning to 9 o'clock at night ... Yay me 
People should come see me at work . You would make me happy and my day better . Annnnnnnnnnd I would love you forever . :) 
Now that i feel like a failure im going sit on my hour break 
With sorrow , deep sorrow , my bosom is laden . All day I go mourning in search of my love . 
Sooo the rest of today is officially a bum day . I'm making a cup of hot chocolate grabbing a book and ignoring the people I really don't want to listen to . Do I sound like a jerk ? Yeah , just a little . Do I really care ? Not really . I will be back to my happy and chipper self later tonight . :) 
work 12-9pm 
I just want to yell at someone . I just want to scream and yell until my throat is sore . 
I probably just gained 5-10 pounds and I loved ever second of it . :) 
I don't wanna sit home all day ... I wanna go do something 
I know they say you shouldn't have to be with someone to be happy but it would really be nice when all you want to do is cuddle and be with someone who cares about all the stupid and pointless things you tell them ... 
Yay another night alone in my creepy house ... I just love it oh so much . 
I love smelling good and not like tacos . :) 
Do you ever have that one person that you really really just want to talk to ? And then you see you have a < PROPMALE > to talk to him but of course something happens and you can't so you get somewhat disappointed ?... 
I need sleep so bad right now ... 
I'm so friggin cold , somebody come warm me up ! 
Selah , I love you and your food . ? 
Soooo it's supposed to snow all of next week and into the weekend . Maybe I can get the rest of my senior pictures done :) 
I'm off , pretty much , all off next week ... This is slightly depressing . 
Who made gyros for dinner ? Yeah , that's right , this kid ! :) 
Hmmm should I read The Odyssey or should I eat a piece of cake , which is delicious , and watch a movie ?... Such a hard choice . 
Show Choir concert tonight ! I have two hours to come up with a quick/cute/hot dance for my solo woo ! 
The concert was a good time and a big thank you to everyone who came . :) 
Night ! Test in the morning ... 
Soooo who wants to come do my work for me ? It would be greatly appreciated and I'll love you forever . :) 
I wish there was a way you were able to know what are people are thinking because that would be super helpful right about now . 
I hate that I care if you care . I hate that no matter what I'm doing a thought makes its way to you . I hate the smile I get whenever we talk . I hate that it bothers me if we don't . But most of all , I hate that you don't see me the way I see you ... 
Thank you , Ohio and Struthers High School , for screwing me out of my Honors Diploma .... 
Nothing really planned for today , hopefully I might possibly go shopping later ? 
Shopping ! :) 
Oh Committed , why did you have to beat my Street Corner ? 
Picked up some extra hours so now I work 3-7 I think . And I still have to find some time to go shopping today ... 
Yeah so I definitely would like to punch someone in the nose at the moment ... 
Going to work in a little , I close with some of my favorite people :) Annnnnd I got some gifts for everyone at work . 
I hope that everyone has a beautiful and wonderful Christmas . I hope that you are surrounded by those you love and whom love you and keep those in your heart that you can't be with on this day . God bless ! 
Well < PROPFEMALE>'s over and after she leaves I guess I'll get ready for all the Christmas visiting . 
Sooo after playing the white elephant game I received a disposable douche , an ovulation predictor , body oil , body powder , pedicure set , and some other things ... Gotta love Christmas . 
I just realized I have to be at work at 8 in the morning ... Not a happy camper . 
Yesterday I worked 9-3 and then 4-11 and got my butt kicked both shits ... I now understand why people seclude themselves from everyone else . 
Change in plans , going to Slippery Rock with my brother in the morning . 
Why am I such a piece ? 
Weirdest dream ever ... 
I've come to the sad , yet seemingly okay , realization that I am a bum . I've gotten nothing accomplished over my break and am now going to have to rush to get it all done shortly . Go me ... 
Working at < PROPFEMALE>'s store today , hopefully it'll be a good time :) 
192 days until the last installment of the < PROPMALE > Potter series , 192 days until I dress up and it will be pretty nice . Oh and then ten days after that I'll be 18 :) 
I'm determined to lose this ugly part of me 
Thank you , Taco < PROPFEMALE > , for getting the Spice Girls stuck in my head ... 
HATE ! I was in a good mood all day and now it's ruined because of one condescending asshole ... 
Get out of my car and into my trunk .... I said get in the trunk !!! ? SNL 
I wish you would tell me what's wrong , I promise I would anything to help you . Just say what you need and I would try to get you that and more . And no one can or ever will ever mean more than what you mean to me . I love you . 
Me : Did you know brothels in < PROPFEMALE > are legal ? \ 
Mom : Do you know how long eternity in hell is ? Forever . And it isn't a < PROPFEMALE > vacation , either . \ 
Hahahahahaha , I love my mother . ? 
Oh , why do I like you ? I know I shouldn't . 
Ugh , every time I find a comical audition that I think is good enough for college I start to hate it after the fifth time I've read it ... I can't stand it . 
What is my life ? 
\Do you remember me ? Is your mind that worn ? We both were born to be one with that which the public scorns . \ " ? " 
Did I just watch the old Mortal Combat movie and enjoy every second of it ? Yes , I believe I just did . 
So I'm kinda glad I have like the rest of the week off of work except for Sunday . :) I'll be at YSU all day Friday and Saturday for Honors Choir soooo I'm pumped . 
I hate , and I mean hate , when I ask a question and someone tells me something that does absolutely nothing to even help answer my question . -_- Quite upset at the moment . 
I would like to go to Finland . Who wants to take me ? 
Well that was a total disaster . :/ 
I wonder if you even notice me ? Notice the way I try to get your attention . The way I try to make you smile because , well , if I had to pick my favorite thing that would be it . Or maybe the way I try to look somewhat pretty when I'm around you because all I want is for you to notice ... 
So to anyone who ever wants to rent a cabin for a weekend get away or what not , you should definitely do this in advance . Not last minute because it's frustrating . That is all . 
So after our two hour long read through , I think our spring play will be quite a success . :) 
\Me : Wow 
I hate the cold and I hate the ice , But I most definitely hate the fact that it's only supposed to get worse over night . 
So work was absolutely amazing today . :) 
Ugh , YSU you're killing me ... 
I love when no one texts me back . :/ 
Tested out of all reading courses , I only need need to take one writing course . I tested into pre-calculus and most importantly I don't need to take a language . I think today has started off quite well . 
No Super Bowl party for me . I'm watching my sick , little brother . 
Ohmygoodness . I wish people would stop posting up statuses every 10 minutes , especially when it's nothing but nonsense . I do not wish to know the play by play of your life . 
So this weekend is my last Solo&Ensemble competition , which makes me pretty sad , and I swear if I don't receive a one , in each event I'm in , I will fight a judge . 
Solo&Ensemble bright and early in the morning ... I need high ratings for everything , I need to get them ... 
5-day getaway starting Thursday ! I'm so excited ! We're going to be secluded out in a nice and quiet cabin with no stress , or yelling , or problems of any kind and it's going to be great . I want it to get here faster . No , let me fix that . I NEED it to get here faster . 
Meh , I wish I could do my FAFSA ... 
So . I'm honestly debating on flying to Oregon to see this college A Capella group preform . Does that seem ridiculous ? 
Welp , I hope you're happy now , because I know I'm not . 
God , I just want you to know I think you're pretty darn funny . 
Everyone should watch the film Out of the Past , featuring < PROPFIRST > Mitchum . I believe I just found my new heart throb . :) 
< PROPMALE > Folds and < PROPFIRST > Blunt , why are you stuck in my head ? 
I just want everyone to know I have the best family ever . My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is having my prom dress made for me and is then shipping it to me so that I can have a beautiful dress and , hopefully , look amazing . I am extremely grateful and blessed to have her . 
Two pages of math down , only three more to go and then ... film studies . Why is this my life ? 
I'm really not appreciating this right now ... 
So on top of not being able to stomach anything , my wisdom teeth have decided to begin to come in . Not a happy camper at the moment . 
I want to play Twister . 
Definitely not too happy with how the Oscars went ... 
My schedule for YSU :\ 
Monday-Auditions&Portfolios 11- 11:50 am\ 
Tuesday-Survey of Math 9:30 - 10:45 am Writing 11- 12:15 pm Play Production 2- 3:50 pm Theater Participation 4- 4:50 pm\ 
Wednesday-Same as monday \ 
Thursday-Survey of Math 9:30 am- 10:45 am Writing 11- 2:15 pm Play Production 2- 3:50 pm\ 
I love this schedule :) The only bad thing is is that the math class I'm taking is ridiculously easy but I have to take it for my < PROPMALE > 
Someone please shoot me . 
So , I'm going to go for it . Like this status and I'll tell you a few things that I like about you . :) 
Okay so here's a tip : If you see someone is looking pretty upset , especially if that person is generally happy , how about you leave them alone so you can avoid making it worse . Thought I'd throw that out there . 
Just when you think you know who your friends are ... Such is life I suppose . 
Babe , I'll always be here for you . How you respond to this is entirely up to you . 
Music festival thing tomorrow , which will hopefully be a good time . The Drama Club play is next Friday , which everyone should some see and if you come on Saturday you'll get to see me ball my eyes out . :) But in all seriousness , everyone really should come and see the it ; it really is funny . I just can't believe it's all almost over . 
My throat hurts so flipping bad ... 
I can't do this anymore . 
So facebook , I know you're probably getting tired of seeing this but , Everyone should come to the Struthers High School production of Leaving Iowa . It's the 18th and 19th of March , this Friday and Saturday , and the curtain opens at 7:00 pm . I really hope to see everyone there because it's a play everyone can enjoy . :) 
So a cute guy comes through the drive-thru and asks me for my number , can someone please explain to me why I told him no ? 
I just watched a segment on the Westboro Baptist Church ... I wish they would come to Ohio . I just don't understand how they could pervert the message of God to such an extreme measure . And also to be so ignorant in the scripture they preach , in the assumptions they make , it just blows my mind away . 
I wish my , hopefully , soon to be director would email me ... 
Tonight is the opening night of the Drama Club's Leaving Iowa ... My last play at Struthers High School . Tear :/ 
I wish people weren't so obnoxious ... 
Well the first night of my last play was amazing and dinner after was hilarious ... God , I'm going to miss this . 
I definitely didn't think this whole get up at six in the morning to go a college visit thing through ... 
Tonight marked the end of my Drama Club career . I'll never forget the people I've met and loved . The memories I have I'll forever < PROPFEMALE > , good and bad . I want to thank every member for giving me and the other seniors the experience of a life time , for giving us some kind of damned adventure . Drama Club was the only thing I looked forward to throughout high school and you all made every second of it just fascinating ? 
So , I teared up a bit at work when I thought about last night , good thing no one had seen me . :) 
Boy , one day you'll be a man\ 
Oh girl , he'll help you understand \ 
Smile like you mean it\ 
? 
Guess who's losing weight ?! Yeah , that's right , this kid ! :) 
You're just jealous of my Wingding . 
And all the girls say \Save a horse 
So , guess who just went shopping and spent money they shouldn't have ? This kid . :/ 
Blueberry :( 
Hi < PROPFIRST > this is you bro tellin you next time youre on my profile log off !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This is my confession . I never truly got over you . The thought of me and you still plays through my mind from time to time . And when I knew that I might of had the < PROPMALE > to see you again I thought of all the things I could say but , unfortunately , I never had that < PROPMALE > . I confess that after all of this time I still care for you . 
Don't you just love when a really cute pizza guy drop off your food and you look absolutely horrible ? It's the greatest thing ever ... 
Thank you for ruining my day . 
You ungrateful brat . You have a family that loves you unconditionally and would do anything for you . You get pretty much everything you ask for but I guess that isn't good enough for you . God forbid you actually have to do a bit of work to get what you want . There are over 44million children that would love to be in your place . So why don't you think about that the next time you open your mouth to complain , < PROPFEMALE > . 
My audition for college is in less than an hour . I'm freaking out but I got this . I can do this , because if I don't I have no idea what I'm going to do with my life . On that note , go me ! :) 
Guess who passed their audition and got accepted into YSU's B.F.A program ? This Kid !!!!! 
I'd like to see the day where a guy ever put his hands on me ... I think the outcome of this scenario would be quite hilarious . 
10 truths :\ 
I'm completely insecure . \ 
I'm afraid of the dark . \ 
I believe in soul mates and true love . \ 
I fall for people easily . \ 
I believe there is good in everyone . \ 
I'm afraid of my future . \ 
I hate being alone . \ 
I'm a slacker . \ 
I'm an affectionate person . \ 
My mother is the most important person to me . 
So who fell flat on their face in front of everyone , and I mean everyone ? This kid . :) 
Mmmm Mocha House with my sister :) 
So watching the guys play tennis today kind of made me want to take it up again ... 
Of course , now that I have the < PROPMALE > to sleep , I can't fall asleep . 
Hmm , does almost honest still count ? 
My mother has officially left for vacation ... It's going to be a great week . :) 
So , after tonight , I have definitely lost quite a bit of respect for a couple of people but I've definitely gained some for others . 
What happened to when you used to be humble and caring ? Now you're just cocky and out of control ... You used to be the guy that I thought about all the time and would give anything to be with you . Now , well now ... I don't know what to think . 
I want my prom dress ... 
So , this summer is already starting to look amazing :D 
My mother is home ! ? 
Why do I feel like I'm losing my friends ? 
30 days , 30 confessions . \ 
Confession 1 :\ 
Everytime I step into my shower I belt every song that pops up in my head . :D 
Well , sorry I'm not pretty enough for you . Sorry you think I could lose a few pounds . I'm sorry you're so shallow that you point out everyone's insecurities so that you can hide your own . But , let me set something straight . I know I'm beautiful , that everyone is beautiful . So you can take your fake tan and diet pills and you can go ahead and < PROPMALE > perfection all you want I'll stay here content with my \average\ " looks " 
30 days , 30 confessions\ 
Confession #2 :\ 
I absolutely hate shoes . I wish the world went barefoot . 
So , I think I'm going to laydown and read me some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > so I can have me some nightmares tonight . :) 
So guess who just stabbed them self in their finger with a work pin . This kid :/ 
Twiny's house ? I think so . :) 
I love how much work I got done tonight . :) 
Started off today with work , which was actually a really good time . Just got home from my Aunt's house , like five pounds heavier . And tomorrow me and my mom are taking my brother back to college . All in all , pretty good ending to my spring break . :) 
Confession #3 :\ 
I absolutely hate when people wear Ugg boots with sweat pants , especially capris . I just think it looks completely ridiculous . 
You truly are an asshole . 
Just saying , if Struthers High School even attempts to cancel prom I will cut someone . This is senior prom , one of the most important nights of my last year , hell my entire four years . You can't take that away from the senior class . And if it is canceled they will be giving me my money back for my ticket and my dress that I had made for me , for what is supposed to be the most memorable night of my high school days . 
Confession #4 \ 
I love the different/nerdy(but not too nerdy ) guys . I don't know why but I just love them . :D 
So this is as simple as it should be :\ 
Person 1- Hey , I think you're cute . \ 
Person 2- Really ? I think you're cute too . \ 
Person 1- Oh well maybe we should < PROPFEMALE > out sometime , get to know each other better ? \ 
Person 2- Yeah , that sounds great . Here's my number , call me . \ 
It can truly be that simple people . So let's drop all the stupid games and silly acts and just be up front . Okay ? 
Good thing I can't find the charger to my dead phone . 
Okay why are people getting Im's from me bout this profile view thing ? And why am I getting tagged in posts that I'm not in ? This rather annoying ... 
I think this is the most personal I've ever allowed myself to become with a school assignment ... 
Hmmm do volunteer work in the morning or don't do volunteer work in the morning ? Decisions , decisions ... 
Okay , if someone tells you to put your hat on the right way because you're working and you're not supposed to look like an asshole then just do it . And don't put it the right way and then turn it again when you think no one's looking ... Hate . 
I love irresponsible people who don't show up to work . But on a better note , Thor comes out this week . ? 
So I got my prom dress in the mail today and it's gorgeous ! I got my hair cut and also it's now straight and super soft . lol It's been a pretty good day so far . 
So having straight hair is definitely different ... There's just so much of it . 
The moment you think you have something under control is the moment you prove yourself wrong . 
Chem II , I just made you my bitch :D 
Just , please , tell me those few words I want to hear ... 
Sooo , Thor was a good time . Off to bed now , so I can get ready for prom in the morning . :D 
Today was probably one of the best days that I've had at work in a long time . All thanks to the guys . And I got to see KP ? 
