GO GATORS !!!!!!! 

Kids are so awesome even when they are lil devils , can't wait to have my own one day :) 
Looking for something to do this saturday , if anyone is doing anything or wants to do something hit me up . 
Listening to his Brak CD ... ah good memories .. \I like beans woooowoooowoooo I like beans .. so should you ! \"" 
Some days are better than others . Enjoy the good ones when you have them you never know when they will end . I wish it was one of those days today . 
feels like absolute shit wants to beat sickness in the face with a meat cleaver ugh ... 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can 
Next week Final Fantasy 13 and next month new Bullet for my < PROPFIRST > CD !!! WWWOOOOOO !!! IN YOUR FACE !!!! < enter your face here > 
Never eat at < PROPFEMALE > Garden unless it's soup . First time having it since i worked for them for 3 years and I get food poisoning ...... yayyyyyyy >.> 
My eyes hurt I can't look away from Final Fantasy 13 !!! 
My hearts acting up tonight I'm calling it an early night . Everyone i said i would talk to tonight i will catch you saturday or sunday . 
Ok so i just got a sermon yelled at me thru a car window by a homeless man wearing a sign preaching gods name by using a ventriloquist dummy with a loud speaker attached to it at a stop light . It was awesome . Mixed levels of hilarity and creepiness all rolled into one crazy experience . Gotta love Jax . 
yay for Comcrap I hate their internet service 
drinking games using donkey kong and galaga are more effective than i ever thought .. so says my hangover :( 
They say stress removes many years away from your life span . At this rate I've lost 20 years . 
All my phone < PROPFIRST > for everyone are in my cell which I no longer have a charger for and is dead . If you could message me your < PROPFIRST > so I can write them down I'd appreciate it . 
All my phone < PROPFIRST > for everyone are in my cell which I no longer have a charger for and is dead . If you could message me your < PROPFIRST > so I can write them down I'd appreciate it . 
So pissed off at Blizzard right now i could punch them all in the face with rusted barbedwire . 
\We loved with a love that was more than love . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe " 
Just read that a possible Director for the new Avengers movie is Joss Whedon ... if you don't know who that is we can no longer be friends anymore . Joss Whedon movie with < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr. , < PROPFIRST > Norton , < PROPFIRST > Hurt , < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > , and whoever they get to play Captain < PROPFEMALE > . So exciting . 
Something is off in my head . Like when you have an electronic device and when you shake it something is rattling around but you can't tell what it is . Usually I know but for days it has eluded me . 
I feel horrible , being bi-polar has its good days and this is not one of them . Some days my mind has left me this is also not one of those days for it attacks at its own whims . There are reasons why I push people away . 
I don't even know why I bothered to watch the draft it's not even football season and I'm already pissed about the new season . Jags < PROPFEMALE > retarded good thing I'm a Steelers fan first ! 
just got finished crabbing/fishing time to head back to the house and wash off all this mud ! 
Tired of being a sucker when it comes to women who offer kind words in private but don't remember you the next week . Trust is a rare commodity these days . 
Lost my voice for those people i told i was gonna call it might have to wait a day or two now ... yay allergy season pfffffffft ! 
\We're all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins 
Ok it may be old news to some but I just found out NBC cancelled Law and Order . Wtf NBC can't you do anything right first ruin Heroes , you screw Conan and now my favorite show . No wonder Fox is killing you , a slow and agonizing death . 20 years on the air , 15 years as a devoted fan and no final season to end it porperly . Truely a sad day . 
Wanted to officially tell everyone that on July 14th I will be moving to Pennsylvania . I do not know for how long . The job market here is killing me and I need to find new opportunities to finally get back on my feet . I will be back eventually and visit on holidays . I will miss you all dearly and hope to see you all before I leave . 
Ok plan has changed I am now leaving sooner on the 25th of June . Thinking my dad and I will go out on june 12 for the UFC 115 fight as a kinda going away get together anyone else who would like to come is more than welcome too . I would love to see all my friends before I leave . 
Lost phone service again , now it's a different number once again . I don't have it but I will post it once I do . 
Getting my stuff out of storage today , haven't seen my stuff is almost 2 years lol 
Everyone who is interested in coming out this saturday for a get together to say goodbye to me before I leave and watch some UFC(and some soccer if you wanna come out early ) . It will be up at Wild Wing Cafe @ southside . Hit me up if you need any directions or info . 
\All changes 
1 week to go in Jax til I leave . Anyone want to get together this weekend and do anything hit me up . Btw < PROPFIRST > I hope you got that rebel flag ! I WANNA FLY IT WITH PRIDE UP NORTH ! 
Today is a sad day . Packing my stuff , taking check of everything being left behind . I thought I would be doing something tonight but no one hit me up and my only ride outta here already left without saying anything . Now if only the power would stop going out I could finish my movie . 
Goodbye Jacksonville . < PROPFEMALE > said it best \Parting is such sweet sorrow \"" 
weeee well this was a weird 2 weeks . First the police thought I was an escaped black convict from florida then i got ecoli poisoning weeee . 
I love it when one of my best friends tells me to go F@#$k myself for no reason . 
Ok so upon watch the Colbert Report the new london olympics site is on a toxic waste field filled with over 12 hazardous materials ... how is this being allowed ? 
Wow I'm offically under 200 pounds now . I've lost 47 pounds . Thank you ulcers , e coli/flu , and lots of yogurt and healthy cooking . 
Just one of dem days .... 
wishes \because this job is horrible and < PROPFEMALE > an incredible douchbag and you made 5 people quit this week\ " was a valid excuse to call in ... " 
GO STEELERS !!!!! 
Finally have a cell phone ! I finally found a network I can use out here and saved up enough for it . If you wouldn't mind I need < PROPFIRST > people . Msg me ! 
time to get back on the grind ... 
haha quote of the day from < PROPFIRST > to me , '' Don't make me hit you with my pie box !!! .... wait that didn't sound right .... '' 
2 and a half weeks til my own vacation . I can't wait . 
yay got called in on my day off tomorrow i hate j00 sometimes money > < 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim you are now on my top 5 list for coolest romance movies of all time . 
Yeah ... you know the movie < PROPFEMALE > watching is gonna be a winner when the lead actors name is Deiter Laser .. way to put < PROPFEMALE > best foot forward ... just sayin . Sounds like one of the guys from the GloboGym dodgeball team . 
First snow of the year today ! To bad it only lasted about 3 hours and most of that was at work . 
Steelers game is tonight and the Jags game is on ! Haven't been able to watch em yet this year . 
damn today is kinda rough snow up to my ankles , sent home from work for being sick , and the blasted theme song to Community has been replaying in me head for the past 8 hours all 30 seconds of it lol 
HAPPY YULE EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Awesome moment of the day : When your room mate breaks his drum stick on a Metallica song on Rock band . 
Wow wtf Seahawks where did that come from ? Awesome game though . 
Politicians and News casters make me ill after listening to them for any amount of time these days . Gun control won't keep guns out of hands of criminals , cause you know its been working so well against coke and weed . I bet if one of those aids at the shooting had a gun only 2-3 might have died . 
I wanna see the Bears vs Steelers in the Superbowl ! 
Oh Mr. Ulcer you pick the worst times to punch me in the gut .... how I hate thee let me count the ways .... 
ugh why is it when I need one of my best friends to talk to they're always ASLEEP ! Sleep is for the weak ! Excuse me I need to get some sleep for work now :p 
GO STEELERS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Good game , sucks we lost but in the end we still have six rings . Not bad for a season in controversy . Now no more football til next year . 
Oh the joy WoW down for maintenance , Xbox network is glitching out and half their website support is down and for some reason half my drm licenses for my dlc got moved to another system .... isn't technology amazing ? 
Top 3 movies I watch on Valentines day < PROPMALE > + < PROPFEMALE > , Shakespeare in Love , and Cabin Fever ....... come on she led him on for years and broke his heart and in the end he ended her misery it's a touching moment :p 
Ugh I can't sleep my mind won't stop racing > < work in a few hours ... must try ... life is so unfair at times to the point where all you can do is laugh or at least try too haha 
man when my eye doctor said that prolly for the past 2-3 years I've been legally blind in my right eye WITH my glasses on I just laughed and shrugged it off . I just put on my new glasses and yep my right eye is having to to work for the first time in forever lol , I'm so dizzy it's not even funny ... well it is for anyone watching me trying to walk haha 
Well I was feeling better but it never fails every 2 weeks and someone at work gets me sick . Slept in til 9 am was back in bed by 4pm . 
Depression is the flower that wilts but never dies , it's the fruit that nourishes no matter the season . It's the darkside of the < PROPFEMALE > , cold and unforgettable , with all communication cut off . It's the emotion that has no rhyme or reason , like a fire that consumes just because it's there . 
Why oh why do I let women walk all over me and use me ? You'd think I'd have learned by now . Oh well screw it and as the song says .... and reeeeeeearrange ! 
Dear world , today really really sucked .... sooo movies and intoxication . Goodnight =) 
A Florida fan , an Auburn fan , and a < PROPFEMALE > fan are climbing a mountain and arguing about who loves their team the most . The Auburn fan insists that he is the most loyal . '' This is for Auburn!'' he yells , and jumps off the mountain . Not to be outdone , the Florida fan is next to profess his love for his team . He yells , \This is for the Gators ! \ " and pushes the < PROPFEMALE > fan off the mountain . Repost if you're a Gator ! " 
