MW is out of control . how many packs do you have to piss away for the futile attempt of the untracable call phone ? there has got to be a better way ! 

< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s mafia of 501 fought against LA Paramedics with an amusement park , 50 weird animals and 501 pictures of children .... he lost the fight !!! 
Clowns , Clowns , everywhere I look I see Clowns . 
Mean people suck 
has a kid with a stomach virus . I am going to buy stock in clorox ! 
no kids for 21 hours ! words can not express ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > pooped in the potty for the first time ! Yeah BIG GIRL ! 
just for clarification .... that would be my < PROPFEMALE > . not < PROPFEMALE > Crowe , were still waiting on that one . But i'll keep everyone posted ! 
why is it that 12 hours can last for 2 days , but when you get 2 days it only last 12 hours ? 
sleep schedule , who needs a stinkin ' sleep schedule 
Hmmmm , yeah thats what i thought ! 
this whole thing is total b.s. and i have had about all i can f'ing stand ! 
I just did 24 hours without caffine and internet . I dont recommend it , but it is possible ...... 
KISS never disappoints ! 
who keeps posting all these game links on my profile , it is starting to look like i'm a gamer . must delete , must delete 
I now have an entire list of reasons what can go wrong when a two year old gets a tub of vaseling behind her closed bedroom door , and what comes out when she eats it ...... 
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( 1743 - 1826 ) 
An Idaho woman accused of ramming her pickup into another car , then hurling ranch salad dressing at the vehicle , has pleaded guilty to aggravated battery ...... i love stupid people . 
All right everyone , line up alphabetically according to your height . 
YOU CAN GET ANYTHING YOU WANT AT ALICE'S RESTAURANT ! 
Sorry that I keep calling your house .... I'm at the mall and my phone is voice acctivated and everytime someone says Ho Ho Ho .... My phone calls you ! haha < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ~ 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings --> Planetary Settings --> Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all to see . 
wonders if the makers of Miss Clairol own a color chart . There is a big difference between natural dark brown and black ... 
I love clowns .... especially KILLER CLOWNS ..... 
Ok , So here's more proof I am the worst mom ever . Last night I threw away a bunch of papers that were colored on . Looks like they were pages of a book < PROPFEMALE > was making as a gift for Grandma ... I totally suck . 
is so totally over everyone in the house having stomach viruses . Now its time for strep . Yeah , way to change it up . 
A 22-year-old resident of Port Orchard dialed 911 just after midnight to report that “a man with a mullet” had entered his home uninvited and refused to leave , according to reports . 
I was so depressed last night thinking about the economy , government , healthcare , real estate prices , the stock market , the federal deficit , Iraq , Afghanistan , global warming , my savings , Social Security , credit card debt ........ I called the Suicide Hotline . ... I got a call center in Pakistan ..... told them I was suicidal . They got all excited and asked if I could drive a truck 
A computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for me at kick boxing 
The glass is always half empty . And cracked . And I just cut my lip on it . And chipped a tooth . 
So , I was sitting at a stoplight and I look over to see a old white dude ( guessing about 70ish ) driving an Impala and totally rocking out to Salt n ' Pepper's Push it . After I sprayed my mouthful of coffee into the windshield I realized I still have that Cassette . Now I am rocking out my livingroom and my neighboor is sitting on the porch laughing . You gotta pay it forward . 
wonders when people are going to get honest with each other . Not every day is a good day , sometimes your job sucks and you dont know who the bigger jerks are-your kids or your parents . Everyone I know is broke . If people stopped trying to compete with everyone else we could < PROPFEMALE > on each other for support . We would all be better off ...... 
do not give < PROPFEMALE > Crowe Girl Scout cookies . 
could think of a dozen better ways to spend the night off ! 
is over it . 
< PROPFEMALE > bit me . I bit her back . We both cried . 
If Zynga doesn't fix their game glitches I swear I'll .... I'll ...... do absolutly nothing but continue to get pissed off and play their games . 
fac me cocleario vomere ! 
What weight of ancient witness can prevail / If private judgement hold the public scale ? -Dryden 
So my car broke down . Inconvient . But it broke down in a well lit parking lot , in beautiful weather , no kids , on payday , with the next three days off , while I was between a mechanic and a tow truck driver . Right BEFORE a 1400 mile road trip at night through the mountains with my mother and two small children . And the repair is already fixed and he inspected it too . Less than 150 dollars . Life really is good . 
Anyone want a fish tank ? Kids lost interest . Has tiger fish in it . Free to a good home . 
Hot as a mother out side . This is bs for early june ! 
just bought tickets to take my 7yr old to see KISS !!!!! And the next generation begins to < PROPFEMALE > the torch ..... 
Just woke up from dreaming I was in the movie Grease . Proof positive that I am awesome even on a subconscious level . 
One of the coolist things about having kids is watching them experience things for the first time . < PROPFEMALE > is watching Blues Brothers for the first time . \ A POLICE CAR DRIVING TRROUGH THE MALL !? This is nuts !!! \"" 
home from vacation . kitchen , done . bathroom , done . laundry , done . dishes , done . groceries , done . Now that grandma's house is back in shape , I'm wooped and havent even started my own house . Damn good thing its a long weekend .... 
My 7 year old just packed her bookbag for school ( Hello ? It's July child ) and wont stop begging me to do flash cards with her . I so would have shoved her in a locker when I was in school . 
got out the next size up box of clothes from the attic for < PROPFEMALE > . She is going nuts screaming about Christmas in July and that she's a teenager . Thanks for the rocking jeans Liv ! 
< PROPFEMALE > took her first trip to the movies today and did great . Whooo ! Big Girl ! 
If A = B and B = C , then A = C , except where void or prohibited by law . 
< PROPFEMALE > Shakespeare Festival tonight ! Whoo Hooo !!!! 
PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why I do it . Then I will know you are a responsible adult . All because I ... LOVE YOU .... you will never find someone who loves you & cares about you more than your mom !! 
< PROPFIRST > told me I have more bruises on my legs than a dead hooker . I'm still deciding how to take that . Now I'm wondering just what he knows about dead hookers ...... 
My kid told me that < PROPFEMALE > was a better band than Black Sabbath . I fear I have failed as a parent . 
Laura : Pull this tooth out . Me : no , wait for dad to get home . L : It needs to come out right now . Me : Then get a paper towel and pull it out yourself . 30 seconds later & blood curling screams . L : What were you thinking ? Look at all this blood ! That tooth wasn't ready to come out ! 
Today I was in line at the checkout behind a rather \fragrant\ " hippie who was actually buying granola and soy milk . He used his Platinum American Express to pay " 
Busch Gardens 
Only a two year old would try to play the tambourine in the dark under the covers and then be shocked when you come in their room and take it . One of the many things moms know and the kids cant figure out how . 
Today I saw an adult squating down eating spilled french fries off of the sidewalk . I dont think I have ever been that hungry . 
KISS ! Tonight !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a BLAST at the KISS show last night ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s first rock concert was a hit ! 
What's that I hear ? Nothing . Aahhhhhh . 
Realizing this week just how much I depend on my 7 year old to keep my 2 year old busy . Yikes ! 
I just saw an old man(70 to 80 ) riding down the sidewalk on his moped . He didn't have a helmet on , but was wearing a lifevest and snorkeling goggles . 
* computer freezes * click , click , click , click ..........! @#$%^&* ! 
Direct quote from the 7yr old this morning : I sure am glad I'm a girl and dont have anything hanging off MY butt . What about you mom ? ........ Reply : UHHHHHH yeah uhhhh go brush your teeth . 
Pardon me , sir gangster , but I believe your trousers are descending . 
Me : What do you want for christmas ? L : A doll wheelchair , heres the website . Me : I'm not buying that creepy thing . Pick something else ! L : Would you not want me to play with a real kid in a wheel chair ? Me : Does the website take Visa ? 
Two hour delay for rain ? Seriously ? 
< PROPFIRST > the time and date : On September 30 , 2010 , at approximatly 0758 while having a not so kind and nurturing conversation with my child , I became my father . 
Could think of at least 1,000 things I would rather be doing right now . 
feeling helpless . What do you do when your two yr old gets in you lap with her hands on her head and cries help me mommy it hurts ! Motrin and dimetap arent fixing her sinus headache . 
I like it in the trunk of my car . 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > Faith Rilee . She is the big 3 today ! 
I may not remember the pythagorean theorem , but I do know how many times you have to click the next button to get to the start screen for < PROPFEMALE > to play . 
Last night I sneek in and try to kiss my sleeping child goodnight only to hear : \What are you talking about ? I cant eat ALL of these Happy Meals - Don't you know I'm a Vegitarian ? \ " I would pay big money to know what she was dreaming ! " 
Some nights it like trying to herd cats ..... 
I say - Hey your shirt is on backwards . She says - Yeah I know , so are my pants . Can I go ride my bike ? \ 
Must be nice to be a kid , and just not care about such things ! 
I disagree with < PROPFEMALE > Jewelers . I would bet on any given Friday or Saturday night more kisses begin with Miller Lite than < PROPFEMALE > . 
Don't you just HATE it when you swallow a pill and it sticks in your throat ! Drank about a gallon of water and it wont go down ! DISOLVE ALREADY ! 
It's been a rough month but on a positive note I didn't need any bail money and didn't have to hide any bodies , yet ! 
Checking account hacked , Cell phone on the < PROPMALE > . Its only 7am . AWESOME ! 
I would just like to say in the most public of all forums that both Verizion and Droid can kiss my A$$ !!!!!! This is just plain stupidity !!!!!! 
You might be a redneck if : You replace a flat tire on your truck with a tire from your house . 
Need sleep ! 
I laughed so much with < PROPFIRST > last night my cheeks still hurt ! Its good to be married to your best friend ! 
_____________/__________\\o/_____\ 
Swim little man swim ! Swim away from the shark ! You have to save yourself ! 
Isn't it funny how everyone thinks they are the normal one in their family ? 
No , I did not trip , I attacked the floor with my Awesome NINJA skills 
This place looks like a ghost town . 
wonders what the world would be like if your pants really did catch fire when you lie ? 
I have an awesome idea , but first I'll need a zebra , bungee cords , jello , and a partner in crime . Any takers ? 
to which ever one of my friends who rearranged my Netflix que ...... now I have \The Notebook\ " to be snowed in with . You truly suck who ever you are ..... " 
You cant force someone to love you , \ 
you can only stalk them and hope for the best . 
A normal person is just someone you don't know well enough yet 
While I was in the restroom at the store , I saw a sign that said employees must wash hands . No one came so I had to wash them myself . 
Is bored ... maybe I'll hire a midget to dress up like a monkey and dance ! 
is wondering if anyone ever figured out who let the dogs out ? 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedalio is a fear of long words ... 
Just put my youngest child on the school bus for the first time . Oh happy day ! 
I sent my imaginary friends friend requests and they blocked me . Thinking this is not a good thing . 
I am using one of MY time outs . Enough is enough already ! 
Why do people have to start stuff ? I was perfectly content until someone had to start talking smack about yummy delicious BROWNIES ! Jerk . 
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse , and helping your uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse . 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , & spoons make people fat . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! \ 
STOLE THIS FROM A FRIEND AND I ... TOTALLY AGREE . 
So I called FEMA this morning and get this : Their office is closed today due to \inclement weather\ " . The irony of that just kills me . " 
I am fluent in 3 different languages . English , Sarcasm and Profanity 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Food stamps , Medicaid or Cash Assistance on your Children or yourself You have to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . \ 
GO KENTUCKY 
we found you under the sink ... we opened up the doors and you told us to go away because you were playing indian in the cupboard\ 
\ 
nice ....... 
Some mornings I swear if I didnt have so many years invested in my kids I would wring their little necks and make two more just like them . 
I'm hungry . I wonder what you have to do to get the guy with the < PROPFIRST > full of Wheat Thins to come bring a palet to my house ? 
