Last day of break ~ Isn't it lovely . I actually got my homework done ! Just some more researching and History is all good , too . 

Leaving on Wednesday the 24th ! Bye bye , < PROPFIRST > Kong . Maybe I'll see everyone again , but I dunno . 
In < PROPFEMALE > . Gots the Athlete of the Year Award ! Squee ~ :D 
I saw two wild rabbits in one place . I squeed . Then I went back to my aunt and uncle's place and had steak . <3 I love my life . 
Going to Seattle tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > ! Mom is leaving Friday , so I will be parent-less once again . 
Oh , and I'm apparently not living in this place . Called . SPARTAAAAAAAAAAAAUGH[coughetc . ] !!! 11 !!! eleven !! 1 !! 
I GOTS A HOUSE . A townhome , actually . Leaving cross-country on Saturday , and I MUST PRACTICE VOLLEYBALL FOR TRYOUTS 
In Michigan ! Leaving tomorrow for Niagra Falls , if our passports can be found . 
In New Jersey ! Woo . 
I start school on the Ninth ! OF SEPTEMBER ! I'm happy . :3 
31 people trying out for two volleyball teams ... most of the freshman haven't been on a competitive team . Awesome , but DON'T BE ARROGANT , BELLAAAAAAAHH 
I be tired and sore . Wii Fit , YEAHRIGHT . VOLLEYBALL HURTS . And so do stairs . 
Everyone in < PROPFIRST > Kong is already in school ... I don't start til the 8th ... 8D But I have VOLLEYBALL ! I hope I make the final cut ! ( Game today ! ) 
Playing today at MTsomething . It's far away maybe ? I don't know . 
WE WON OUR GAME ! We actually finished on time , too . Beat Roxbury by maybe 10 points at the last game ? ( I miss < PROPFIRST > Kong , too . ;_;) 
Lol public school . Why must it actually teach me something ? 
Game tomorrow . I wish that Film Study could be pass/fail . Geez , it's an ACTUAL CLASS . 
Volleyball Tournament . I'm not even playing and I have to go on THE WEEKEND . D: Yaaaaaay . 
Community Picnic time ? Will it be fun ? I dunno . I want to stay home , though . 
WE WON ! Woo . Now I can sleep . 
Monday : to Ihop or not to Ihop ? That is THE QUESTION . I'm having waffles for dinner , anyways . 
< PROPMALE > case of , erm , previous-homesickness . Everyone's having so much fun ... it makes me contemplate how it would have been if I didn't move . 
Going to camp looks like so much fun ~ I am , of course , referring to AIS . D: We don't really go to camp in high school . >_> 
< PROPFEMALE > Loves Derby <3 
There's a steady increase in my dislike for History class . I DO want to go to Boston , but I really want to get an A too . 
Fridaaaaaaay ! Swimming starts next week . D: I'm so scared . 
Babysitting again . Not getting paid for it , but it's my brother , after all . D: Rinsing and repeating yesterday , with the exception that we don't have M&Ms for our popcorn . And I have homework ! ;_; 
:D Everyone having fun ? Good . I would hope so , considering all the photos taken during school . 
My feelings of incompetence are rising a bit more than gradually . 
The cultural fair at AIS looked like so much fun . D: It doesn't make me feel any better . T__T 
Waaaaaai ~ 11 days until my birthday . It's not that important though . Because I'm not Hispanic . D: No Quinceañera for me . 
Birthday on Wednesday ! Washington D.C. was lots of fun . Let's hope my swim meet on Tuesday won't end up catastrophic . 
Tired . Wishing it was an hour earlier . Or maybe just back in < PROPMALE > . OH WAIT . I'll be there in five days , so I have something to look forward to . 
I am 15 . :D Hoorah . 
As stated on the Twitty : ?????? ~~~ ! ??????. ????!!! :D I hope teh wording of the second sentence is correct . 
THANKS TO ALL WHO GAVE ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I feel teh luf . ? 
Thank you everyone ! I hope you enjoyed school . I just went on a plane for 6 hours ! Better or worse ? 
Leaving in a few days ! Bwahahaha . It's too bad I asked to make up homework . D; 
Um . It's snowing . A LOT . 
Snow . Snow . Snow . I suppose we'll be the only ones who won't have a white christmas , considering < PROPMALE>'s temperature is about double what's here . 
Um . What Focus Questions ? Interpreting the Past has it labeled Focus Questions , but on the assignment sheet they're separate ... D: 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas y'all . :D 
Happy new year from someone in the future to everyone else ! 
Facebook in English ( Pirate ) = greatest thing thus far . 
BAHAHAHAHAHA I hate my life . Right now , at least . 
To be honest , I feel blah . It should snow more , but it won't in forever . I won't check to see if I'm correct , because that would make me feel like a science teacher . 
F is for fire that BURNS down the whole town , U is for URANIUM !... bombs . N is for NO SURVIVORS when you decide to wake up < PROPFEMALE > too early . Thankfully , it didn't happen today . 
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are invading the exploded mass that is my brain that suicided . It's not that bad , actually . OHYEAH , and WE WON ! I don't know by how much , though , and I think that I did awesome on the 200FR and 50F . :D 
Woot the woot . Another weekend , another way to end up procrastinating on big assignments . BUT THAT WON'T HAPPEN , of course . D: 
Our basement is becoming less and less scary-looking . Well , for a second , right before Inglourious Basterds . 
CONTEMPLATION : Track or no ? There's only a few swim meets left and I really ( read : REALLY ) don't want to have to run twice/ten billion times as much as I did last year . I throw , not sprint . D: Lax/Softball I have no idea how to play . 
Nothing right now can separate me from the power of the Bear Jew . 
Rain rain , go away , but have Cousin Snow replace you today . I have SAD , but I'll be cured , if white stuff falls down after this word . ( As if that will happen . D: ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Globes , YEAH ~ < PROPFIRST > Bacon just won an award . I am now singing \Footloose\ " as loudly as I can without alerting my parents . " 
Hey hey , someone from AIS message me . Who died ? I want to know what happened . D: I'm sorry for all who had to endure it ! 
TERM PAPER YEAH 
Term paper ? No . Apparently , my cat is much higher on the priority list . He thinks so , anyways . BTW if anyone notices , the thesis for the term paper is the first sentence ? I think he gave us notes for the term paper format , but I seem to have lost them . :D 
TERM PAPER YEAH YEAH YEAH And I will get a C . 
( A little tl ; dr ) Another cup of tea brewed . Back to work . I'll hopefully/probably finish on time . It took me FOUR hours to do the introductory , after all . 2 more topics that I have more research on , hoorah ! I officially hate myself for this act of procrastination . NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO IS FAIL THE QUIZ BAHAHAHA But I've studied for that . So yeah . 
FINISHED YEEEEEEAAAAAHHH 
Weekend time . I've gotta say , I'm feeling a little relie- OH MY GAWD MIDTERMS nevermind . 
Almost done with review day work ! I hope the two ten year olds haven't killed each other yet . Should probably go check on them , but they're fine . Probably . 
So , instead of studying , I have to do stuff with the FAMILY ? Really ? They're going to make me fail , honestly . 
At home , enjoying not taking midterms . :D Mandarin was eeeaasy . 
Parents are in Brooklyn for a TBTL bonanza - I'm at home with my awesome ( RAWR ) one-woman study party . Oh , and pizza is involved . 
Should be studying . I could type out a stream of expletives at my rage . Self-rage , of course . And rage at my cat for sleeping on my bed when it hasn't been fully made yet . 
HEYA SWIM TEAM : So when do we have to go to school for the meet ? I heard 2 , but maybe 1:30 ? I don't know . 
Study time ~ And I get to watch a movie ! Too bad it's for Film Study and I've seen it once already . 
RAGE TIME . At science , of course . MY NERDY REPUTATION MUST BE UPHELD , I MUST NOT FAAAAIIIILLLL . Uh . Yeah . 
Championships tomorrow . I am ready to not swim at all , though I still have to go . Then , babysitting . OH SO MUCH FUN 
' Sitting time . 
Swimming = awesome . Spending 8 hours at the NJAC swimming championships but not swimming at all = GET OUT OF MY WAY I WANT TO MAIM SOMETHING 
Lawls , Pai . I gotta say , I think I gave too much away there . 
I have failed . 
AHAHAHAHA THE LULZ THEY ARE oh . We have school now ? 
I qualify for Friday ! YEEEEAAA-Wait . That means I'm spending basically all of Friday losing against 26 other schools ? Buhbuhbuhbut do I have to ? 
Sleepytime . Yes , early , but my parents tend to be my parents sometimes . 
Homework , yeah . AMAZING . 
Team dinner = fun . But not enough people came . Geez , guys , it was awesome , but it would be even MORE AWESOME if there was more than a third of the whole team there . 
CHAMPIONSHIPS YEAH . Too bad we only had six people . Also : Magical Ninja < PROPFEMALE > . 
Attempting to make up a song for Magical Ninja < PROPFEMALE > . And sleeping , because approximately five minutes of swimming about 150 meters ( excluding warmup/break ) over the course of six hours makes a tired < PROPFEMALE > . 
Got upset with text . Bellamon is old . New look with old picture ! 
I've just realized that my new profile pic , wherever it is , will stare at my name slightly above and to the right of it . My early-2009 self is kind of creeping me out . 
Lucky Charms at noon ? HELL YES . 
Oh , how fickle weathermen are . Snow ? Of course ! Just not HERE . Of course . 
OH MY GOD . The Who is amazing . That Superbowl performance gives me a new admiration for OMGA : Old Men Guitaring Awesomely . 
School is super-cool . Well , let's let it think that way and maybe it won't decide to be mean to me today . 
When you find yourself a life , feel fortunate . Because < PROPFEMALE > sure doesn't have one . 
Snow ? I don't know . Doing homework , nonetheless . Well , most of it . 
SNOOOOOOW DAAAAY . My cynicism has dissolved in favor of sleeping in some more . 
... Okay , I've been to Vancouver before , but I never saw those freaky tap dancer-fiddlers there . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day alone . Lolz . We have four guests cooped up with us and I'm left alone with my brother . ( He doesn't count as a person , though . ) Everyone else enjoy today ! 
Okay , who here that is doing the chinese new year thing think that some child labor law has been breached ? 
Chinese New Year at Montville is finally over . I just woke up from a 4-hour nap . It was awesome . 
Still can't believe that I missed that supposedly-epic food fight . But expensive chinese shirt was , well , expensive , and we couldn't leave the library after it started . SUUUUUCKS 
I have discovered That Guy With the Glasses . Goodbye , what's left of my free time . Hello , videos with a nostalgic snarker that are about movies that I watched and thought were amazing . 
Beeed tiiime . Staying awake is a little difficult when you spend all day working hard on doing absolutely nothing . I broke out the SCIV , which is interesting , but I know why I don't play it often - OMFG THE APPRENTICE STAGE 7 IF I HAD SOMEONE TO MAIM I WOULD GAAAAH ( deadx5 ) sums my experience with Arcade nicely . 
Guh . Tea is too sweet . That is all . 
THREE CONSECUTIVE POSTS ABOUT CHAI TEA - Making another batch as commanded by father . I guess he wants to feel sort of like a hippie , too . 
So who's hoping for a second snow day ? I AM ! More time to work on english essay . Rather than edit it myself once , I shall turn it in PERFECTED after having dad look over it 5+ times . 
Snow day tomorrow . Hello , more time for essay , goodbye , day for spring break ! 
Yarrr . Tired already . 
Essay time ! WOO . I'm taking advantage of our four-day weekend . 
Derp derp . Working on English essay . I really hate formatting , especially MLA . 
HURDURDUR TYPING OUT THE WEIRD SOUNDS I SAY IS FUN . DERP DERP . ( Makes me look like a freak , though , but what's new ? ) 
Went snow tubing over in the Poconos in Pennsylvania . Fun , only it seemed like everyone living within a 2-mile radius was there . I was only able to go down twice , but enjoyable nonethless . Hoping that it's Day 3 tomorrow . It would really make me happy . ( So it'll probably end up as a Day 1 . ) 
OH MY GAWD . NO ENGLISH . Squee . 
Gold for Canada ? Cool . It's too bad the Olympics are already over . But I can still say I've been to both Whistler and Vancouver , and they were both awesome even before the Olympics . 
OH HAY GUYS QUICK CAPSLOCK QUESTION . If anyone's willing and staying up late enough , would they be able to edit my essay . Last minute , I know , but I FINISHED IT . If not , if Sullivan gives us a revision opportunity I will take it . 
Sleep time . I'm going to try to wake up early tomorrow so I can print everything out and make final changes to my essay . Lots of fun ! /sarcasm 
feels like crap . I'll probably go to school tomorrow , but I really don't feel like it . And this is after my < PROPMALE > assignments have been turned in , so it's not like I'm going to be missing anything . 
Tired . Sick . Don't want to go to school tomorrow . Bleh . 
... Track starts friday ? I feel like crying , but I can't because I haven't taken meds and I might cough up a lung at the same time . What happened to meetings ( or flyers because nobody hears the announcements ) and informing potential athletes ? ( SERIOUS BUSINESS IN REAL LIFE SAD FACE ) 
D: D: D: D: Someone I know just failed out of < PROPMALE > school . SAD . D: D: D: D: 
No reply to e-mail yet . I'm getting really worried . I really want to do track , but ... GUH . Maybe this is a sign that I'm not meant to do it ? That I won't be able to keep up ? ( I hope not , that really doesn't help my self-esteem much . ) 
I don't know what to do anymore . 
Trying very hard to not post sappy music lyrics that encompass my emotions right now . My parents are disappointed in my lack of action , even though it's not completely my fault . And I'm still sick . Eck . ( I'm overreacting probably , bleh . ) 
OH MY EFF GEE I AM SAVED . E-MAIL HAS COOOOOOMMEEE . I can't practice Friday , but Monday I can . :D * Cue choir singing Hallelujah in mind * 
Okay , so I didn't go to first practice ( I couldn't exactly work out because I didn't have all the papers turned in ) and I regret it , BUUUUUUT I am much less stressed out now and I know who my coach is . So , awesome . Monday I shall show everyone how not-fit I am and that I need to lift more weights . 
Well , aren't I original and unique . If anyone even bothers , here . http://www.formspring.me/isabellaleone 
Sigh . It's hard to concentrate on things when my brother ( age 10 ) and father ( age 46 ) scream and argue about who died first and who deserves the needler/heat-seeking bomb-thing turret . ( And not letting me join in . D; ) 
might do something today ? I need homework time , but I want to go to the park or something . It's actually < PROPFEMALE > for once . 
I hate living in small towns . Everyone knows everyone ; new people have a tougher time assimilating into society . Is it surprising to know that some school districts have six high schools , like < PROPMALE > did , instead of just one ? Really ? < PROPMALE > wasn't as safe of a place in some parts , but at least you had a little bit of breathing room because it was such a big town . Maybe because it's my hometown , I'm biased . ( Rant over . ) 
Went on a hike at Turkey hill/mountain , or whatever it's called . Almost died a couple of times . My dad's a genius at planning where to go when there's still snow on the ground . 
Guh . Couldn't practice today . Not cleared yet . D: Hopefully I'll be OK tomorrow , and at least I don't have to make up a physical or anything . 
Urf . Loading a video over IM that's 5 minutes long and has taken nearly an hour to send over msn . Before I go to bed ple - OH GREAT HENRI THANKS FOR LOGGING ME OUT SO I HAVE TO LOAD IT AGAIN 
Guh . Video still loading . 40% left ! Meanwhile , not that anyone cares (' cept for < PROPFIRST > but that's because she's a stalker ) I MADE ONE . http://www.formspring.me/isabellaleone 
... This video . I forgot about this . Perhaps I'll post it . Maybe not . 
Tired . Finally cleared to practice , so I did . Did javelin for the first time (!) and I found it relatively fun . Hopefully tomorrow I get to practice discus again . ( AND NO RUNNING YESSSSS ) 
Mathththththth . Polynomials , urk . Then science ; if no science tonight , tomorrow morning then . And ... OH GAWD HISTORY . AND ENGLISH . EFF . 
Tired . Review day tomorrow . D: Sadface . 
Grah . I should've joined a group for history a long time ago . ( Unloading dishwasher , so sort of a semi-break ? ) 
I realized that I am going back to Seattle in two-some weeks . OHMUHGUH . I hope that \I have to go to my aunt's wedding and it's been planned WAY before you planned your crap\ " will work with track . ( Missing two school days and Saturday before Spring break . ) " 
Two things - did scheduling ; am doublin ' up on math ( Geo Honors or Enriched and Algebra 2 Enriched ) with Honors and AP all ' round . Also got a letter today that confuses me : So did I varsity letter and go to the dinner thing , or wait for the \freshman\ " whatever mentioned at the bottom ? Even though swimming is just swimming ? " 
I broke my internet . Expletive . 
REVIEW DAY YEAH . Two tests tomorrow , as well . WORK WORK WORK 
Gah . Unproductive practice today . For me , at least . I wish I stayed longer than I did . Dog sitting tomorrow afternoon . 
My attempts at getting anyone but < PROPFIRST > to ask/stalk me is failing . Not that I'm expecting much . http://www.formspring.me/isabellaleone 
Grah . Mr < PROPMALE>'s gonna be mad at me come Monday . 
No practice this morning ... right ...? I heard there was no meeting-up stuff yesterday from the coach-guy , but I'm stressing out here . 
Weather = Crap . D: Dogsitting Miss < PROPFEMALE > , the Shih Tzu . Not getting paid , but I'd obviously do anything for a weirdly adorable anklebiter trying to gnaw off my fingers and with the need to go outside when it's rainiest and windiest . 
Eating cinnamon life cereal ( for no particular reason other than a sugar craving ) , watching ABDC ( re-run ? Haven't seen it since its first season ) and making fun of < PROPFIRST > Lopez's dimples . 
Pleasenopoweroutpleasenopoweroutpleasenopowerout ( thankfully , on laptop now , but ABDC is actually being interesting and I don't want to take < PROPFEMALE > out . ) 
Going to play , if we make it on time , lol . 
That play/musical was awesome . The power went out SIX times before the first act was over . Free admission for Wednesday ! Going to watch District 9 with my parents and try to not act too many questions . 
Sleeping in tomorrow . TWO HOUR DELAY , YES . 
Going to sleep . Sleep in an hour , maybe ? I'll wake up at 6:30 and feel AWESOME . 
Wake up in the morning , feeling like I could sleep in . Grab my glasses , I stumble down the stairs and eat my breakfast while it's rainin ' . * Icky techno beat * ( I sux at lyric stuff , man . In any case , slept in three hours and I feel awesome . ) 
Headache ~ Gonna study for the History test tomorrow . YAY 
I nearly took a nap , but then I realized I want to actually get a good night's sleep tonight . Not that it'll actually happen . >_> 
I want Bioshock 2 now . D; 
Well , that was an interesting ceremony . In any case , I have my varsity plaque and a pin and some other stuff . ESSAY TIME , YEAH 
Finished my essay ! :D Now , to the < PROPMALE > packet ! ( It's so late , D: ) 
Going to play tonight . The first half looked good , let's see how it is a second time around . 
Back from play . Will soon go to bed . ( Tired and headache . Sadface . ) 
Got a haircut and got to miss most of practice for it . :D Maybe I'll go down and play some odst ( and die lols ) , or I could do my homework . Tough decision , but I think I'll go with the odst . 
lskadfjaweijssorgkoolriahymseksmtidnataewsemsekamtimygnisekibetahiakglkjweitawlkjdf . There's a hidden code in there , see if you can figure it out . 
HAHA I WAS RIGHT . No vbm for me . Babysitting . : B Stupid softball scrimmage shortened my practice today . D:< Made me mad , as you can obv . see with my D:< face . 
http://www.formspring.me/isabellaleone YEAH , MAN . Click it . Ask me stupid and/or insulting questions . 
Left practice early . x3 I got pizza-ful and felt gross , and mom was around anyways , so I'm home rawking out to Red Hot Chili Peppers . 
Pandora makes me happy . I have discovered that I am actually , deep inside , a fan of M.I.A. It's the Tamil music , or something , that makes her awesome . 
going to the movies . Diary of a Wimpy Kid , I think ? My bro wanted to go , I wanted to get out . So yeah . 
Saw Shanze Gilani and Mansi Patel at the movies today . Played all the way through Arcade of SCII in the arcade area in five minutes , but nearly got ditched by my mom when I wanted to have another go . Also : I heard Barenaked Ladies on the radio . OMFG I LOVE YOU DJ FOR KNOWING THIS BAND . 
Going to the park . Picnic , yay . And volleyball , now that the weather is nice out and I have time . 
USB for Henri's R4 has disappeared ... has all hope been lost for HG/SS ? In all sarcasm , I can't WAIT for Henri to freak out when I hears that I can't find it . ( If anyone does have an R4 , USB plzkthx ? ) 
EXPLETIVE . Now apparently Hen's DS is gone , too . It hasn't left our house , I don't know why we can't find it . asldkgjasdlkDKLagjsdklfakjheGerktag 
Bed early , yaaaay . Maybe I'll actually get good sleep for once , lol . http://www.formspring.me/isabellaleone 
Dentist appointment , yarr . Maybe I'm going to < PROPMALE > Station , but nobody I know will be there because it's not spring break here . x3 I was gonna show off and everything , but not anymore . 
Dentist appointment over , yarr . My teeth feel smooth and shiny . :3 http://www.formspring.me/isabellaleone 
Back at uncle and aunt's house after shopping a little bit down in < PROPMALE > Station . Also , saw my old house . Nothing has changed . D: They can't garden , those new people that live there ! 
... I wish my English class was fun . 
Wedding was cool , and surprisingly short . At the Haus of Brown's now . < PROPFEMALE > Brown won't be here til 10 , but < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will be coming ! :D 
Annoying JJ over WoW mic < PROPMALE > Brown is using is fun . x3 
3 AM ? Lots of fun ! 12 AM on the West Coast ? Even better . 
Of course . It's raining in Washington . ( I also saw New < PROPFEMALE > for the first time . Real < PROPFEMALE > ? Twilight < PROPFEMALE > SO MUCH . D:< ) 
Yarp . The whole fam was over to see me and Hen blunder in an early Easter egg hunt . It has been proven true : I have no observance abilities . I got four bucks , though . 
Back in New Jersey now . The flight was delayed two or three hours , but we made good time . Practice tomorrow , then meet ! 
Practice at noon . Awesome-sauce . Maybe we'll practice in the field ; in that case , bringing bug spray . 
Back from meet . My scores were average . Didn't place , but I didn't expect to . ( I was the only thrower in disc against six/seven other girls . HAHAHA . ) 
Made sugar cookie dough for tomorrow . Yay , almost-Easter day ! 
Practice today at 11 . I have to take my bike , because mom's working . D; Two < PROPMALE > shouldn't be a big deal on a bike , though , so no biggie . 
Home . The bike ride didn't take too long . It took 20 minutes , give or take . Making pizza for myself and Henri , then doing homework and chores . 
Back from Kearny meet . I sucked . Then again , as a team we didn't do so well , sadly . Today's my homework day , YAY ! 
Spose . He is awesome . ( Search \Spose I'm awesome\ " on youtube and you will understand . ) " 
Eff . The dynastic cycle and Confucian \moral rationalization\ " ? WHERE IS THIS IN THE TEXTBOOK AKSLDFJASDLFKJA " 
Easter is a happy day . ( I think . ) So be happy on it ! [ It's better than saying a generic \happy easter\ " . >_> ] " 
Homework , yay ! ( History and English . Science is not a big dealie thing . ) 
Gah . My shoulder hurts . D: Feeling sad that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Kugelgen logged off suddenly last night . WHY TIME DIFFERENCE WHY 
Bahahaha . Extra credit in science for me . Found a picture of Mt St Helens with me in it . YES . ( Granted , it's 2006 , so I'm wearing my elementary school sweatshirt , but it still works . Not posting , though . Heh . ) 
Walked home today . If this keeps up soon I'll be as fit as the long-distance runners . 8D YEAH . Sadly , I'm probably sunburned on my face . Buh . 
Listening to . The lyrics seem weird out of context , in case I wanted to post them , so the whole song shall be given . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5z3hDkkiIA 
Tired . The three hours of sleep that I got last night aren't much of a buffer for all the hours I've missed . Hopefully tomorrow I'll feel OK when I get up early . 
My room is mostly clean now ! It's a miracle . 
Has it finally happened ? Right now I don't want to know . I want it to go away , like the mess in my room . But that's fixed , and now , I don't know what's left . 
Lunch . x3 Yaaaay . 
Writing the first draft of my essay . I still have math to do , but I can do that in the morning . There isn't much . ( The meet went on for a long time and I sucked , esp . at dis . D: ) 
School ! Yay ...? 
Sleepy . Saw The Informant ! Today . I was confused and embarrassed for this man who did all of this junk . BUT I saw Patton and < PROPFIRST > F ., so I'm good on the comedian casting thing . Not throwing anything tomorrow , so I'm sleeping in . Have fun with waking up at 7 and staying out til 4 , guys . 
I was so productive today . Lawls . 
Homework . :D 
English essay done ! Time to vacuum . ( D; ) 
http://www.formspring.me/isabellaleone Yeah . 
Aaskwieutdasdljvaj uploading photos won't work . D:< 
Uploading photos worked . They're boring , though . 
Practice , then essay . Yay , ability-to-turn-in-history-stuff-same-day-before-midnigh t-t hing ! 
History essay . Yay . /OBV . SARCASM 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Kugelgen : How did we ever socialize before FB ? Me : With carrier pigeons . < PROPFIRST > : What a simple time it was . ( PARAPHRASE ) Without phones , pigeon-caused-ear-injuries were such a problem back then . Me : Not to mention the mess . We have no sense of humor amirite ? 
Beat my PR for Shot Put ! 25 , yeah ~ Still not the best ever ( one girl at the meet was throwing over 30 ) , but it's my best , so I feel good . HOWEVER : History essay . Heh . 
EXPLETIVE 
Feeling like crap . Allergies/cold sucks man . I was sniffling all day . Good luck for all the Track people tomorrow ! I'll be sleeping in , but I'll be with you in spirit . Possibly . 
My cat has found a new bed on my back . I won't be getting out of my bed for a while . 
You know you've got a massive head cold when you can't smell anything . 
Eating Indian food . I can smell again ! It's awesome . 
This has made my day awesome . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uwY3sjqYX0 
If anyone knows how to get to the Algebra 1 online textbook PLEASE TELL ME . I don't want to die from my teach's pregnant-hormonal temper . 
Great way to help me stay healthy-ish , mom : make cinnamon rolls . Geez . 
Wenxin Zhu and Gabby Rojo : The video . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_cGo0q7krk 
Grah . < PROPMALE > tomorrow ; no sleepy for me ! Tons of homework , too , and I can't find my copy of 1984 ! CRAP 
( Random gibberish ) ... 1984 still not found . Tomorrow's a < PROPMALE > work day ! & I'm less pale now . Nice day today . 
Homework ; hopefully history won't kill my brain . 
Omguh . Pandora is being my best best friend right now . Went from The Fray to Fine Frenzy to < PROPFEMALE > , without having to dislike anything . And they're even their better songs . ( I mean , what way to segue from \Almost Lover to \ " Crazy for You\ " ? Lols . ) " 
... And Beck . If I had the mentality to post lyrics , I would post ( in all-caps ) \SOY < PROPFEMALE > PERDEDOR\ " ... because I'm a snobby music nerd . " 
I feel like I made a big mistake . Just what I wanted to avoid . If I do end up avoiding it , great . If not , I feel like a bitch for it . 
Tomorrow is going to suck . 3 incredibly difficult tests , two of them in the morning when I'm barely functioning . I'm probably going to drop the ball on at least one , but at least I have the rest of the marking period to make up for it . 
Making rice krispie treats . Yaaay , marshmallows . 
Dizzy spell ... okay , good ? No . 
Yargh . So much to do tonight . 
Brownies are done ! Hurrah . 
Fun day . Cake , volleyball , cryfest , then Cape May tomorrow ! < PROPFEMALE > Mickowski needs to fill me in on all the cool places to go ~ ! 
In wildwood , ready to walk the boardwalk . Cape May was fun to walk around a bit , but we're leaving tomorrow afternoon . D; 
Back . I have two tan lines now , blah . English and some history , yay . 
Schoolwires doesn't like me . It makes me frustrasad . ( Frustrated and sad . D; ) 
Finished my short story . Over 700 words , lol , but I'm not changing it . I have too many other things to do . 
Okay , seriously , wtf . Don't die on me , database . PLEASE , you KNOW that Brave New World is a novel that exists . I WAS JUST THERE . DON'T TURN YOUR BACK ON ME , YOUNG LADY/MAN/THING . ( Random screaming transcripted into Facebook . ) 
The database has been punished accordingly and is working as it should . Hoorah . ( AKA BlahIhatethisIwantittogoawayenglishsucks ) 
The English project is finally over . I am proceeding to fail at taking initiative with history , but I suppose I have to because of the quiz . 
Made soft < PROPFEMALE > cookies . They're good , but I burned my arm . D; Not too terribly , though . 
Life has found me sunburnt once again . Being pale really is a hassle sometimes . 
PULP FICTION 43 AHHHH Goodbye Facebook . 
I must say it . alsdkfjasldfk . < PROPFEMALE > outside and I have no ride to practice . YAAY . 
TGWTG makes me happy inside my heart and soul . [/nerd ] 
Happy Mother's Day , < PROPFEMALE > Durand ? I hope that cake was good . 
Cake = good . Pound cake with orange glaze = ??? 
I just realized I didn't do two history assignments . HALP 
Srsly getting the urge to watch Cowboy Bebop right now . Too bad I dunno when it comes on ( if it ever does anymore ) on Adult Swim . I SHALL FIND IT SOMEWHERE . 
OHMYGAWD OHMYGAWD http://oxymoronassoc.livejournal.com/462027.html\ 
\ 
... OHMYGAWD . 
Hasta mañana , gaiz . x3 Watching show choir sure is tiring for the soul . 
Medaled in shot put at today's frosh soph meet ! It's 4th , so I barely squeezed in , but it's still AWESOME . ( 27 feet ! ) 
There's a quiz called \What Color is your Mind ? \ " \ 
Marathoning a show . \ 
IT IS CONSUMING MY SOUL . 
Marathoning almost o-\ 
wait what is this i don't even 
WOO Found me a thesis to work with . Of course , it's on science and technology . My nerdiness is inescapable . 
Made brownies . :3 Going to support everyone at sectionals tomorrow morning with them ! 
Sectionals was fun . I guess . It was good to see Montville do well , and I have leftover brownies ( for once ! ) to tide me over for the next couple of days . Oven food for dinner , yaaaaaay , then homework , def . not yaaaaaaaaay . 
< PROPFIRST > Long MY BACON HAS BEEN PROPERLY DEVOURED . Hurhurhur . 
Virus is GONE ! ( hopefully)\ 
Going to go and do some History . : B Oh , and listen to A Fine Frenzy . 
Making flowers . :3 I'll bring some to school and show some peeps . 
I made nine big-ish ones ( in terms of how many layers of petals ) and now I'm almost out of my ball of yellow . Oh well , there's more where that came from . > x3 
Asian vampires . That is all . 
This Voki stuff is incredibly amusing . Just tex t-t o-speech . you must see it to believe it . 
K , mandarin's done . Time to watch THE CRUSADES . >:D Then study for the fill-in-the-blank test ! 
Duuuurrrrr . There's too many people in this chapter . All the popes and names ... This is going to more difficult than I thought . 
Sick 
I got invited to the National Youth Leadership Forum ? For National Security ? Neat ...? How'd they find me ? o_o 
WHATCHU TALKIN ' BOUT < PROPMALE > ?! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died . D: 
Going to go and beat JSRF again . Who knew that graffiti gangs on rollerblades would be so fun to play as ? Or something . 
Going to a block party , yaaaay 
Same computer virus again , YEAHHHHH 
Life takes a backseat when reality decides to take the wheel : LIFE ? SURFING ON THE COMPUTER ALL DAY . Reality = getting a high-risk virus AGAIN from surfing . On what website , I don't know , but PLEASE not TV Tropes . D; 
Apparently the virus I just saw 30 minutes ago does not exist anymore ? D: It's taken over and eateded the hardware of the comp . Or at least tried to convince us that it's gone . 
asldkfjadfsdkjfas TEENAGE WANGST MOMENT nobody understands meeee ;_; \ 
Okay , I feel better now . Public domain now , YAY ! /snark 
Research paper , YEAHH 
4 pages , yesssss . I could stop now , but why when I have two more paragraphs I can fill in ? 
FINISHED YEAHH . Got up to five pages . :3 Life is good . Now , if only someone could edit it at this time of night ... 
Nerding out right now in Greenwich Village . The Large Hadron Collider is ( nearly ) safe , yaaaay ! Go , atom-smashers , gooooo 
I didn't know a person could overload on nerdishness , but I think I have . It's not as fun as I thought it'd be . ( Today was , though . :D Fun , I mean . ) 
GAAAAAAWD That\ 
song from Juno (\Anyone Else But You \") is awesome . The lyrics are ... \ 
WOO ! Science test tomorrow . I actually remembered , but not for the best of reasons . ???????????, ??... If that grammar is correct . O_o 
Yaaaargh , my focus is waning . Not like I had much focus beforehand , though . >_> expletive . 
Hey there , Wenxin Zhu , let's not and say we did . I can read whatever you tag me on instantly , you know . 
Feelin ' like a socially inept mooch . I srsly have nothing else to input as a conversation ever . It makes me feel terrible . D; 
HISTORY GO GO G-oh i see bnl new video ? oooh . 
HOORAY for supporting the track team ! BOO for losing time for homework . 
ZEEERO TO HEEEERO IN NO TIME FLAT\ 
( hooray for youtube . ? ) 
Hercules down . Time for TARZAN . : B 
Yurk . Bro's birthday celebration time soon . I don't get a cupcake for tomorrow , though ... D: 
GRATUITOUS CHINGRISHU TIME ?! Oh , no . I'm just procrastinating . 
Summer ... All was < PROPFEMALE > in the sky , all was < PROPFEMALE > when the day met the night . ( PATD when they were all folksy and had all of their members . x3 ) 
Got the Orange Box yesterday and I can't even enjoy it . Sadface . 
Well , I have some things done . Tomorrow's going to be lovely , as will the next two weeks . And to think , I thought I was going to have a life like I normally do . 
hurrrg . Homework should be banned before finals . Especially history homework . 
... IT'S < PROPFEMALE > MICHAELSON ?! On the Mott's commercial ?! WHAAAT awesome-sauce . 
Powerpoint's done . Time for 3-5 history assignments . Yaytiful . 
Schedule is okay . I don't know how History'll work out when there's only six people in the class , though . 
Hiiiiistorryyyy ... I really should be studying for finals that are tomorrow , not doing homework for a final in two days . D: 
Lawl , French Revolution comic . Robespierre , you dog . http://www.harkavagrant.com/index.php?id=52 
Listening to white noise and studying . Is it helping ? I don't know . I think History will be the one bad final and the rest will be OK , but that's scenario I hate the most . 
OH MY GAWD the index card . I can use it . 
4 down , 4 to go . Ugh . 
Laaaawl . http://notalwaysright.com/dont-count-on-intelligence/5849 
Playing as a pyro on TF2 is fun . :3 
TV Tropes has ruined my life . 
Good weekend . Sucessful weekend ? No way , unless you count leaving the house and driving around for an hour as sucessful . Oh , and strawberry rhubarb pie . <3 
Finals are over . My brain has already shut off , it's a new record ! Normally I'd have a coherent thought process for at least another half a day before regressing . 
Discovered a School of Rock soundtrack while uploading old CDs to iTunes . Happy happy times . Oh , and SCHOOL IS OUT 
Less than 1 gig left for my iPod . I only put , you know , another 400 songs on there , I wonder why there's so little room left ...? 
I just heard a loud \YEAAAAHHHHH\ " and a guitar riff on my downstairs television . And a scream of \ " DOOFENSCHMIRTZ EVIL INCORPORATEEEEED\ " shortly afterwards . Phineas and Ferb and their not-subtle hilarious references of other television shows FTW . " 
Leaving on Monday . No carnival time this weekend , only packing ... * sigh * 
Market morning , then mall , then packing some more ~ 
Bebesittin ' . Gonna go walk up the hill and see the fireworks in a couple of hours ! 
I saw the Seattle Sounders FC at the airport today . Ohmygodohmygodohmygod 
I have officially stayed up 24 hours without sleeping . I think I'm delirious , so my record won't get much longer . 
The cake is not a lie ! Oh , and Pretty Little Liars has some semblance to the books it's based on : trashy and kind of idiotic , but entertaining nonetheless . 
< PROPFIRST > Gormley and her brother did an awesome job at the Allegro performance today ! HAVE FUN IN VEGAS ! :D 
On Orcas Island . Too tired to add an exclamation point to connotate enthusiasm . No worries , I am ; fireworks are going to happen now . 
Oh em gee ? It's over 65 degrees ? Washington is finally warming up . 
Sounders gaaaaaame . We're ( probably ) die against the Galaxy , but I don't care . And ... I'm going with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! Yesssssssss 
España , yaaaaay 
Partyyyyyy 
At Brown house . Party number two tonight ! Oh , and at the Sounders game on Wednesday I got an awesome scarf and got it signed by twelve of the players ~ Going to show it off when I can when I get home . 
Watching HP IV with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter weekend is noice . It's too bad I saw numero tres at < PROPFEMALE>'s two days ago . ( Currently at \ < PROPMALE > Potter\ " fanatic @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s house ! ) " 
Hurg . Now I want to watch < PROPMALE > Potter 6 despite how disappointing it was ( really , \I AM THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE . \"?) and HP weekend's over . " 
Leaving for NJ tomorrow . I'm sorry to anyone I wasn't able to meet , I ended up being too busy . Currently enjoying my time being nearly-mauled by two malamute puppies who are not puppy-sized . 
Back in Jersey . Uggh , my house looks so unfamiliar , and I wish I could've stayed in Seattle longer . The weather was so much nicer there . 
No , I'm not jetlagged , why would you say that Zzzzzz\ 
Except that it's more like 1 PM back there . It does suck waking up in the middle of the night because you were ready to sleep back there . If that makes any sense . 
AHHHHHH TORNADO WATCH 
Wenxin Zhu and < PROPFEMALE > Huang have ambushed me at home . Now making cookies . 
Went to see \Inception\ " today . NOOO < PROPMALE > WATANABE DON'T DIE AGH " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjGrHBpfqCo\ 
HO . < PROPFIRST > . SHITE . This needs to exists now , fangirl hype besides . This is why I play Engie most . <3 
I have not recovered since Saturday . In fact , it's gotten worse : I've gotten strong urges to write really , really bad fanfiction . I believe I should seek medical help , but indulging myself might cure it ... right ? ... Right ? \ 
* sob * 
ARCADE FIRE LIVE ?! < PROPFEMALE > GASP . 
Made banana bread . YUS . I always seem to be making fattening things around my house . First , cookies , then cake , then MORE cake , now this . 
Mansi's sweet 16 was fun - I can now say as a non-NJ girl that I have fist-pumped . \ 
Also , DOUBLE RAINBOW ALL THE WAY 
Agh - nervous . Volleyball is so close now . 
Asdfasdffhrbdjcjrb computer's inactive , laptop us as slow as all get out . Time for a project in unproductivity : fixin ' the laptop , sort of . Too little RAM to do much , but I'll try . 
Using Opera as my internet browser , cleaned up the registry , and it's running marginally better . Awesome , yeahhhh 
NEW GAME I WANT : Mirror's Edge . Freerunning games are awesome . 
How will I survive tomorrow ? I don't know , but IT WILL SUCK . 
Agh . I have more injuries than I'd like to deal with , albeit said injuries are extremely minor . Tomorrow's gonna be AWESOME . \ 
/sarcasm 
Sprained my pinky finger . OMG BIG DEAL ! Icing it now ; thankfully I no longer have any blood blisters to deal with . Anything else I say about that will verge into TMI territory , though . 
Homework is derp . LIFE IS DERP . 
Pizza and nacho party at my place , apparently . I passed on the pizza , preferring to ruin my diet and exercise for tomorrow by omnomnomming on nachos . Then , brownies . \ 
MY PARENTS ARE TRYING TO RUIN MY ATHLETIC CAREER NOOOOES 
Mariners game tomorrow ! I'll feel so out of place . I'm bringing my soccer scarf with me and making a scene , and getting glares from the thousands of rabid Yankees fans . 
RANT : Our desktop is still down , so I can't do any of my summer homework because a . ) it is the only comp connected to our printer and b . ) it has the language capabilities for typing mandarin stuff up . However , it still doesn't have a . ) Microsoft Word , which I need for my English and History , and b . ) Powerpoint , which is what I need for Mandarin . I LOSE IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES . HOORAY . 
DEMON HIPSTER CHICKS . YES . I need that third movie out of you to complete the Blood and Ice Cream trilogy , so I can get a bit of < PROPMALE > Frost and < PROPMALE > Pegg together again , but for now < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim will do . 
I love < PROPMALE > Lehrer . Committing mass homicide to pigeons has never sounded more appealing . 
Sunburn , yaaaaay . 
Do you know how awesome I'm feeling ? AWESOMELY AWESOME . 
< PROPMALE>'s Mind updated two weeks ago ? IS GOOD DAY FOR < PROPFEMALE > . 
So I found the book I needed for the history paper . Everything on colonial Delaware . \ 
It's too bad it's on the < PROPMALE > County Library system , back in WASHINGTON STATE . Seriously , New Jersey , you need more books that might be helpful to your citizens . For writing history papers , at least . 
Found some sources , found some books . I'll write my paper later . TIME FOR SOME < PROPMALE > MEANY . 
I just had a karaoke duet with Cleverbot on \Still Alive . \ " THIS IS AMAZING . " 
Reality marches on . 
< PROPMALE > MEANY\ 
THIS RAGE\ 
I RAGE ON YOU SO MUCH 
TBTL ~ 
FINISHED MAH HOMEWORKS . Only took me two months . 
I WAS WITHIN 100 YARDS OF < PROPMALE > LANE . \ 
IS GOOD DAY . ( Saw the Addam's Family [ snap snap ] musical in NYC for mom's birthday . ) 
I need five mentors for my NYLF assignment , what . I've got two at school , at least , but I want to lay off family members . Wat do . ( I might do my 8th grade English teacher , but she's all the way in < PROPFIRST > Kong and asdf I HAVE NO MENTORS . ) 
WIN . \ 
Except for history . AKDSJFALDKSF 
Fixed and set up the desktop ! I feel accomplished . Now all I need to do is set up OpenOffice and iTunes , and I should be good . 
Go die , Nebraska . Dawgs'll beat your ass . 
The derp , I have experienced it . No story necessary . 
Happy Talk Like A Pirate Day , me hearties ! ARRRRR , general pirate speech , etc . 
No sé tú qué dirás pero no hay < PROPFEMALE > mucho qué pensar/La oscuridad no asecha incrédula/Nada que pueda perder/Nada que no pueda hacer/Algo que te alivie/Algo que me cure\ 
I like Zoé . 
Bioshock Infinite : want . In the meantime , iTunes money will suffice , once mom gets to buying it like I requested . 
GoingtofalloverI'msotired 
Filipina pop stars , YAY 
So , maybe less fall-over-y , but lots of writing to be had . History , then English essay draft . Fortunately , I've got bio done for the next week , hohoho ~ 
THUNDERSTORM WOOT WOOT ( wait , no , I'm kidding , I really need to write that paper , don't go out on me power agh ) 
BSed my history homework , but there was no other way to do it , really . Time to write my English draft ! Hooray . Sarcasm should be detected here . 
Så håll om mig/Släpp inte taget om mig/Är som förhäxad av dig/Och jag vill ha dig/ Kom och håll om mig nu\ 
I also like Swedish singers . 
< PROPFEMALE > Huang , Wenxin Zhu , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are sooooo amazing <3 baking cookies teeheee 
WHY must these cookies be delicious ? 
Finally got to play some games after three weeks . My aiming is terrible , and nobody is convinced that I am a girl playing a violent FPS . But that isn't new , anyways . 
Cool weekend , just need to finish my homework and study a bit . I have six or seven tests from Monday to Wednesday alone . Fun times . 
First priority : Get moneys so I can get New Politics . Search them up , they are good . 
Shite . We killed , but ( POTENTIAL PUN PUHLURT o see wat i did thar ) I will be the victim . Of HOMEWORK . And Riotto's test . That too . 
Ok , that was weird . Study time . ( I WILL DO SO BADLY I SWEAR . ) 
If only we had school off for Red Rain . Hmm . 
geometric probability what is this i don't even 
Just watched Time Bandits . Now I've watched more 80s movies than I really want to admit to have seeing . 
No , no . We have already succeeded . I mean , what are the three terrors of\ 
the Fire Swamp ? One , the flame spurt - no problem . There's a popping \ 
sound preceding each ; we can avoid that . Two , the lightning sand , which \ 
you were clever enough to discover what that looks like , so in the \ 
future we can avoid that too . Rodents Of Unusual Size ? I don't think they exist . 
Dogsitting has never been so rewarding . Yaaaaaay . The irl deadpan should be noted here . 
Expletive . Jet Set Radio Future's soundtrack is import-only , and expensive : http://www.amazon.com/Jet-Radio-Future-Hideki-Naganuma/dp/B000062VF4/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=videogames&qid=1286066616&sr=8-1 
PortalSounds on iTunes : best thing ever , yes or yes ? 
Got my fancy business clothes . Expect me to wear pinstripes to school in three weeks . 
On the bright side , I have this frickin ' awesome drawing thing on my arm . 
Top Gear Polar Special ! YEAAAHHH 
Good job , Montville , in keeping up with your website . Now I can't email me teacher and she never wrote down her first name . D: Mrs Bombard , sjdhshahagg ( anyone know ? ) 
AHHHHH I'm so excited . 
The library of congress was really cool . I just wish I was 16 so I could go in to the reading room . 2 months ! ( Also , two days . AHHHH ) 
< PROPFEMALE > is nice . I'm going to Mount < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ; based on the fact that Riotts has a video on < PROPFEMALE > Plantation , maybe he'll be excited if I say that I went . ( also , possibly will go into the reading room of the Library of Congress . THAT , I am excited for . ) 
Tab closed ?! WAT . Anyways , tomorrow ! AAHHHH so excited . General theme's going to be on North Korea and disputes about their nuclear weaponry , which is pretty topical considering the festivities and speculation about where the heir apparent , < PROPFIRST > Jong-un , will be taking N.K. when Jong-Il steps down . Personally ? Don't think it's going to change much . :/ 
It's < PROPFEMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > . The skies are lighting up and it's fun . Except that I need the computer for my DBQ . 
Urgh . DBQ Time , yaay 
NSAM ? No problem . Good thing there's a computer lab at the hotel . It's too bad I'll never have time to use it except for right now . ( Not missing school at all , kthx ) 
Exhausted , as always . Still got my awesome Navy sweatshirt from the Academy in Annapolis today ! I am pleased . Didn't get any pictures , though . 
Simulation Day ! Yay . 
I can wait for school for another week . Best week of my life . ( If you're nominated for NYLF in anything , SPEND THE MONEYS FOR IT . ) 
AHHHH MY GOD IT'S AN EMERGENCY\ 
I'm back home now and I'm crying because it's over . 
OK so not much of an emergency because Oh My God , I've found Mr. < PROPMALE>'s facebook . His music interests include the Black Eyed Peas and Linkin Park . I'm not sure what to think of this . 
Not excited . At all . I was contemplating feigning illness to stay home tomorrow , but then I'll miss even more . Geez . I AM SO TIRED . 
... OK so\ 
I've got seven tests scheduled as of today , all for this week . I still need to make up one more for Mandarin , another for Driver's < PROPMALE > , and I have probably three tests in other classes to do this week like everyone else . It was still worth it . 
GLYC is about 3000 dollars , just to < PROPFEMALE > out in WA DC and NYC . The < PROPFEMALE > trip is about 4000 , not including the plane tickets to get there . alskdjf . 
I . Ugh . Almostfridayalmostfridayalmostfriday HOMECOMING GAME ! 
30 minutes until my photos will upload ? Geez . What am I going to do to wait , HOMEWORK ? That's too productive for me . 
Kso Facebook for iPod sucks ; no groups and tagging photos is weird . So Hallaren group , if you could tag photos for me , or if you just feel like it , that'd be awesome 
Four tests tomorrow ? No big deal , pssshhh . Two of them are history ? NO PROBLEM . Of course . ( I'm crying on the inside . ) 
Top Gear on 60 Minutes on Sunday ! OHMYGOD . Awesome . 
At homecoming game . SPARTA WILL DIE . teaching @Wenxin Zhu how football basically works while she recites cheers . 
Babysat , then The Departed . Too much Pahking the cah at Hahvahd Yahd accents that actually exist in Bahstin . 
alarm clock , o u and your breaking after pressing a button . Hopefully resetting it will help , but really . Not cool . 
No more ?? s , please . I think we understand what it means now . Same goes for ?? and all the stuff on dates , kthx . In other news , Top Gear at 7 PM on 60 minutes . Best thing . 
All we do is win win win no matter what 
Last game tomorrow D: technically speaking . Going to all of the varsity tournament games and not do anything is going to be lots of fun 
17-3 BEST SEASON 
ABBA is playing nonstop on Community . Good/bad ? I think the former , but shhh , don't tell anyone . 
Is it bad that I'm more excited for a holiday a few weeks from now than the one that's tomorrow ? If I weren't so principled , it may be a bit different , but eh , Henri's excited . 
Messages , check them ? Yes/no ? 
Halloween was fun with Wenxin Zhu and < PROPFEMALE > Huang ! Time for some Thriller on repeat . 
TBTL 
tf2 or tbtl ? Difficult choice . RSS feed , perhaps , will help me come to a compromise . 
Half days = awesome . Three extra hours of derping and I still study as late as possible . 
Glee's a re-run ? NOOO . 
I need to see a movie . I have been deprived of one for quite some time . Do not fail me , On Demand . If you do , the cutting of you will occur and there will be no rejoicing . Also , I'm on a caffeine high . 
Benson Interruption at midnight . Yeeeesss . 
The best days are the days where you do absolutely nothing . You regret it the next day , but that's a new day to do new things , or nothing at all once again . 
We have a meet at St. E's on my birthday . The sadness , I am feeling it . 
Driver's < PROPMALE > test tomorrow . I'm so nervous agh 
Driver's < PROPMALE > studying : DONE . Now to outline more of my declaration . I don't know which is worse . 
94 . Less than a month . MUAHAHA . 
No Glee for me tonight . Declaration work time , sadface . 
Finally done with typing , YES . Going to make it look nice tomorrow morning . For now : AGH HEADACHE 
This reminds me . I should see if I can go back to Leavenworth and see that lady from Conan . I find it both nerdy and awesome that I've been to her museum , though . 
I just realized that Sirius Black is one degree from Commissioner < PROPMALE > . Proceed to mindblowification . 
Everything smells like chlorine , YES 
BRB , laughing forever 
Look up Parry Gripp . brb laughing forever , but this time it's my low-attention-span-12-year-old-self . ( DO YOU LIKE WAFFLES ? YEAH WE DO . ) 
Halo : CE ( number 1 ! ) Oh my god , the graphics , but oh my god THE FIRST HALO . This love in my heart , it cannot be stopped . 
IMAX ! 3D's for squares . Plus , I don't think they converted HP to 3D , anyway , so YES PRETTY NON-DIM COLORS . and capslock . 
OH MY GOD < PROPMALE > GRINT OH MY GOD there is nothing to be said 
Why is there no possible thesis for this DBQ ? guh 
It's snowing in Washington . WHAT . And it's < PROPFEMALE > in New Jersey and I'm insanely jealous . 
< PROPMALE > has a snow day and I'm still here going to school and I'm sad . 
A Very Potter Musical . The best thing ever . YEAH < PROPMALE > OF GLEE 
another snow day in < PROPMALE > , and seeing all the videos of the terrible drivers is hilarious . They need to take all of New Jersey's equipment so we get double the snow days and possibly die , but the SNOW DAYS . 
happy thanksgiving to all those who celebrate it ! Plus , it's snowing . 
Thanksgiving : the best holiday . If only it lasted another week longer without consequences . 
The Men Who Stare At Goats : after seeing The Usual Suspects , I love < PROPFIRST > Spacey when he plays jerkassy characters . Oh , spoiler . Oh well . 
Favorite way to say \red wines\ " in a < PROPMALE > accent : Red Vines OH MY GOD WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE ? What CAN'T Red Vines do ? " 
Just ordered Assassin's Creed 2 , which will be delivered on my birthday . YES 
FURRY WALLS 
Our Christmas tree is huge . Oh my god , it is huge . 
Three hours , then AC2 . YES 
kbrb ac2 
Freerunning all over the place WAIT DON'T JUMP THERE agh 
ALIENS EXIST and they love arsenic . On their DNA and stuff . 
Also don't know what to feel right now . RIP , man . 
Thank you to everyone who sent the birthday wishes ! It wasn't the greatest day to be celebrating my birthday , but hopefully everybody is okay . RIP 
Bedtime . SO exhausted . 
Eight hours of sleep feels pretty good , man . 
Homework , meet not-me . Too exhausted from the meet . Bio will be done at 5 in the morning , no time for mandarin . Other news : YAY MONTVILLE WON TWO MEETS that's one more than last year . 
MANDARIN WHY ARE YOU SO TIME-CONSUMING . New textbook w/ CD - dislike . 
Six hour plane trips , hooray ! 
So . Tired . Asdf 
It's raining , and adorable dogs are barking . It's fun not having to go to school . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > = best day of the year . Jetlag kills it a bit , but it's still awesome fun . 
Watching The Wizard of Oz with @ < PROPFEMALE > Brown :) Awesome Christmas night ! 
Sick :( Been chugging hot tea three days strong . Not . Fun . 
HOLIDAY BOWL\ 
Huskies , yeaaaaahhh 
JET LAG 
This is my timey-wimey detector . It goes ding when there's stuff . 
SEAHAWKS ALL THE WAY 67 yards man 
SEAHAWWWWWKS NOOOOO 
The history supplementary is 27 pages and 8 questions long . SKIM POWERS , GO 
I'm super-pissed . No school ? No review , then . Oh , and a vocab quiz before our English midterm . 
Zombieland , yeahhh 
Ok , so math studying is done . After five hours . Wonder how long English is going to take ? 
This is the perfect time to get a head cold . Lovely . Watching Hen play some Forza 3 while I shiver is super-fun . 
BIO MIDTERM TOMORROW , YEAHHHH and then History on Thursday . All of my hard midterms are grouped together , and it's not fun . 
Riotto kids , how was the history midterm ? I have it last . And I hate dates . 
I can actually get eight hours of sleep this time ! Huzzah ! Midway through the American Revolution unit , so I might spend another hour or two and be done with it , maybe formulate my essay . 
Let's go back in time ( with our tardis ) to that day where we had our last snow day and HAVE SCHOOL . Then this wouldn't be such a big deal . 
COUNTIES durhur we're gonna do so well 
After a couple of months of snow , I miss shivering in the cold when it was only 60 degrees during < PROPFIRST > Kong weather . And , you know , I miss < PROPFIRST > Kong in general . 
WIN NUMBER FIVE and ???? 
my ankle hurts . GDit I'm really dumb . 
Brownies and Franz < PROPMALE > . The perfect combination . 
I am passionately hating mandarin right now . 
As < PROPFIRST > Mchale always says : \GO SEAHAWKS \"" 
Betcha five bucks he's going to serenade himself . There's only one person as amazing as < PROPMALE > Criss , and that's < PROPMALE > Criss . 
< PROPFIRST > McCartney ! Yes . Indeed , < PROPMALE > Criss's true < PROPFIRST > is himself . 
My brother's incentive for better hygiene is Axe . MOTHER , WHY U DO DIS he's going to become a bro now agh 
New York this weekend . It's gonna be totally awesome . 
Hosni Mubarak has resigned . 
In NYC with family and Mr. < PROPFIRST > Brandt . :) 
Mumford and Sons ! The Cave is great , but \Timshel\ " is better . " 
Fondue , awesome 
Can't find a good website . Also , playing nurse for my parents , who are both sick . Sadface on both things . 
I think < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > actually is a clone of Idina Menzel . 
Work cited done . I just hope that the format's okay , because the sample Riotts gave us helped me very little . 
< PROPMALE > Jennings is from Edmonds ?! I respected him before , but it has reached new levels now . 
I want to sleep right now . Will it happen ? \ 
LOLNO HAHA 
The < PROPMALE>'s Speech was so awesome . The acting , the directing , the writing , all of it : my belief was successfully suspended and I enjoyed every moment . < PROPFEMALE>'s party was pretty fun too :) 
My brother got Black Ops the other day . Guess who wasn't able to play their Orange Box or finish their Reach campaign on heroic ? THUMBS TO CHEST : THIS GIRL 
< PROPFEMALE>'s new album is amazing . I still like \19\ " better though . " 
Schoolwork ? Aww , lame . It was fun feeling out of place in Jersey City today , though . 
My brother is ( trying to ) play the Keyboard Cat song on his keyboard . All is right with the world . 
History manages to be the only homework I have this weekend , and I even procrastinate on that . workworkwork 
It's Spartacus and he's 94 . You know , my mind is boggled . 
I wish procrastination was a class , because if there was I'd have an A+ . 
five and a half pages . Good enough for me . 
This guy on American Idol is from < PROPMALE > , my hometown ? (!!) It's too bad I've never met him and/or I don't like his singing . 
Homestuck . What a way to procrastinate . 
My proofreading partner has disappeared . < PROPFEMALE > , where are you : C 
I think I broke my brain trying to imitate a Boston accent . Wicked queeah . 
All the Pixar animated shorts on ABC family ? !!! Nerd Disney-love levels are at an all time high . 
almost done with my research paper ! Just one more < PROPFEMALE > . I still have to find a way to put in my other two primary sources , though ; they have almost nothing to do with my topic . Yay , extrapolation ! 
I can finally feel my face . 
Woke up thinking that it was Friday morning and I missed my bus big time . Then , duh , came to the logical conclusion that it was Saturday morning and went back to bed . I now realize that this is why I don't take naps . 
Couldn't get past 26 today in shot , welp . Frustrating , especially since I got 33 indoors two days ago and I can't blame my crap throwing on the wind . 
The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog ! /disneynerd 
Doctor Parnassus ! It seems like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > always gets the role where his character gets screwed over , or at least overshadowed . 
Doctor Horrible . I love the air . 
D'awwww , baby Spock . 
Hogarth oh my god \I don't think I'm smarter I just do the stupid homework if everyone else just did the stupid homework they could move up a grade and get pounded too is there any more coffee ? \"" 
On some speculators of Japan : no , this is not retribution for < PROPFEMALE > Harbor , this is a genuine disaster when we are both economic and military allies with Japan now . It shows the ignorance and lack of morals some have , and my idealistic little mind can't wrap around how someone could disregard the value of human lives over something that happened in our past . /rant 
Varsity swimming MIP , yeaaaaahhhhh 
sick , bluh 
28 in shot . Life's good . GREEN TEAM RULES 
UW basketball leading < PROPFEMALE > 14-11 , awww yeah 
Bawwww ): Dad's getting mad and so am I . 
Trying to find songs good for Wenxin Zhu's candle-lighting thing for her party . The ones I like , are good , and would work well are all in French . Based on my taste in music , I'm obviously pretentious . 
Flight of the Conchords , fffyeah 
I got a dress and oh my gosh it's fuschia and girly and lsdkfjdasdf 
english essay , bluh bluh 
two hour essay ? yes . 
Send it off with a stamp/As the winter locks in the branches above you higher than where we've loved . /It's never coming back , /And the hardest thing about this love is that you're never coming back . 
Feeling crappy - again . If it's an infection I swear I will excommunicate my sinuses and breathe through a tube the rest of my life . 
99.9 fever , bluh bluh . Oh , and Dawson was in Ke$ha's new music video . Hate the song , love the < PROPFIRST > Der Beek . 
Still have a fever . I hope I can go to school tomorrow , gah 
Nope . 101.5 fever . I'm going to have to make up a ton of stuff ... : c 
New episodes of Glee won't air until April 19th . Time to translate my TV time over to Community - oh wait , they're not airing new eps until the 14th ? I'd say fml , but my hipster-y tendencies would make me think that that's too mainstream . 
Augh , PAL , less than eight absences ? I've had seven , so hopefully I won't get sick again and ruin everything . 
My new favorite song : PINK FLUFFY UNICORNS DANCING ON RAINBOWS . Of course , who wouldn't like that song ? Only really sad people who don't understand pink , fluff , or unicorns on rainbows . Nobody's that sad . 
