happy new year everyone 

doesnt want to reinstall BF2 
i hate facebook tonight , it is going really slow . does anyone agree ? 
has to get use to living around small town people 
is looking for windows 98 sp2 upgrade 
is listening to jazz with his cat 
how lucky am i , im going to date 3 people tomorrow , me myself and i . beat that 
went over 70 < PROPMALE > on an atv yesterday 
doesnt want to start school yet 
Bored out of my mind . will someone come talk to me or come over and keep me company 
is Lost on the battlefield . 
is bored and tired 
is wondering why he is awake at this time of the morning 
is Happy 
. 
If i wasnt in school , i could be on an all expences paid vaction -by the coast guard- to the somoan islands . 
Thank You Everybody for wishing me a Happy Birthday . It Means a lot to me . 
is losing sleep 
yay , i get to go and do math . its going to be so much fun 
I just love the smell of a frest migraine in the morning .... 
to eat or not to eat , that is the question 
wishes that facebook will get its news feed in order . \oh so and so did this or that 1 hour ago\ " and then \ " So and who ever did that 3 days ago \"" 
blah 
SLEEEEP !!!!!!!!!!! 
grr , failed the ICS test again . 
Rest in Peace to those who were killed at Ft Hood , and God be with those who were wounded . 
My video class is killing my brain cells . the more the teacher talks , the more numb my head gets . 
2 things , one that sniper quiz sucks , and 2 < PROPFIRST > ( my cat ) is high on weed ( cat nip ) . 
Wants to know what sleep is ? what ever it is , i doubt i am going to exprience it tonight 
is going to be an ensign for another year . darn 
FOOD TIME !!! 
Watching Saint kill nazi zombies 
eh long day , but its finially over 
Sitting in Math Peacefully 
sweet im registared for classes . 
has a bad feeling about tomorrow 
BAH 
bored out of mind again , anyone want to chat ? 
got a 3.0 in writing 121 
was just starting to fall asleep , the heart burn went away and so did my head ache . but instead of entering the finial stages of falling asleep , i hear a knocking at my door with an onslaught of words about something , now im going to be up for the rest of the day . 
is going to be in san < PROPFIRST > on march the 6th for spring break . more details later 
bored out of mind 
hates < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
well its valinF*CK day again , i hope it ends quick ! 
facebook is slower than dial up tonight 
Rest In Peace < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I hope you went Peacefully . 
will be in SF on saterday evening , if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out , either send me a messege on here or call me 
Chilling in sf 
San < PROPFIRST > on a Sunday , is equel to Michigan everyday . DEAD !!!! unless someone can prove me wrong . 
i hate romance . truely hate it . nothing else puts me into a worse mood than talking about love and romance . 
yawn 
last day in SF , yay , i get to go back to my boring uneventful life in michigan again . no more parties at bars , no more heavenly public transit , and no more good food ! 
Back home in michigan , woot . back to school , back to life , back to the middle of nowhere 
Darn lost another friend to the Army . I must be a bad recruiter because almost all of my friends are going into either the army or the navy , and not the coast guard . darn . Good luck < PROPFIRST > Schwab , see you in 10 weeks . 
Happy Beer Day !!! 
life is great 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > if it wasn't for you , my life would be just plain . so thank you for going out with me . you have helped me get over alot of stress . 
wow , today was amazing . 
I cannot stand those people who say that they want to serve their country , but when told that they cannot serve , they forget about doing that service completely , instead of serving in an alterntive way . 
Rain Thunder and Clouds , oh my . run away ! 
hey < PROPFIRST > if you are out there , i just wanted to thank you for bringing your sick godchild over to my house . the reason why i wanted to thank you is because i now have a very bad sore throat . 
when ever i try to talk i sound like the Godfather . 
woot , im sitting in a photo class for the coast guard . woot 
yesterday was GREAT !!!!!!!!!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . had a lot of fun at your uncles place and yours . 
http://mafiamatrix.com/signup.asp?referrer=9437 its fun . if you join look for Red_Baron in Chicago 
today was great , first worked on a movie , then worked on an interview . after that did some pollysci . then met up with some friends , then met up with Ms wonderful , i mean < PROPFEMALE > , and after a great day , got to come home and have a great meal . today was great ! 
had fun tonight 
I have been thinking , and now my head hurts . Got Advil ? 
I wish i could say that i had a great day , but to be honest , i woke up , ate , whent back to sleep , then 2 hours later , woke up , ate , then went back to sleep , ring , woke up , talked on the phone , then went back to sleep . and just now waking up . 
does anyone play halo wars ? 
Had fun at the Bon Fire with < PROPFEMALE > . 
great day , first did some coast guard stuff , then met up with < PROPFEMALE > for lunch , then on to the mall , then dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s family . today was a great day ! 
me and < PROPFEMALE > celebrated our 2 month anniversary yesterday , and it was great 
Red Bull Air Races are next week in Windsor ( Detroit ) . 
Had fun with the GF today , plus had a parade in holt . i am also shipping out to detroit on Wedsnday 
< PROPFEMALE > and i spent the entire day together , and honestly it was great . 
me want food 
today in COD4 : MW2\ 
< PROPFIRST > killed a Juggernaut\ 
I Killed 6 Juggernauts 
me and < PROPFEMALE > had our 3 month aniversery 
If anyone is looking for a good volunteer exprience , please contact me . ( must be in michigan east lansing area , and should be supportive of the democratic party ) 
You know that your room is a mess when after cleaning it , it is worse than before 
Swim trunks : $19.99 \ 
Help with gas : $10.00 \ 
Cool Looking Sun Glasses : $1.50 \ 
Being able to dunk your Girl Friend in a pool and get away : Priceless 
day one of school , woot ! 
day 2 of class today , woot , math and soc . cant wait for tuesday ( sleep in day ) 
i am sick of being sick , tired of being tired . therefore i am sick and tired of being sick and tired . even though being sick has let me beat halo wars twice and watch 4 hours of < PROPMALE > engval , im am still sick and tired of being SICK and TIRED ! 
yay get to go back to school in 11 hours 
What were you doing on 9/11/01 ? \ 
Lets think back to what happened on that day , and how it affected You and everyone else . Lets support those who are in the various services here in the united states , whether it is the armed forces , police departments , fire departments , or paramedics . lets support them for what they have done , and what they are doing today . 
eh had better days 
am unable to check my messages . ever since facebook added all of the adds , i have been having problems left and right . if anyone has any solutions , please let me know on my wall 
is hoping that the next few days will be better than the past 3 days . 
eh 
facebook messages stopped working again . 
grr 
and again , i cannot access my facebook messages . 
today was spent watching 9 hours of Stargate Atlantis . woot woot 
has a math +est today 
i love it when people < PROPFEMALE > up on you before you are done talking 
just chilling 
just about to fall a sleep when i heard an owl in my neighborhood 
i take my drivers test today , wish me luck 
I am one with the road . i got my drivers license 
the more i work on my room the worst it gets 
Has forgotten everything that i didnt know to begin with 
Rest in Peace for those who died yesterday 
had fun at kaylees today 
yay two tests today 
I think i am coming down with something , but i dont know what . i have been feeling it for the past couple of days . it is getting worst , but its very slow . hopefully i am going to be able to fight it off , before it peeks . so how is your day going ? 
bored , so bored . i started WWIII and conquered russia , < PROPFEMALE > , japan , iraq and yemen , and yet i am still bored . 
whats the difference between spec ops and black ops ? 
\I Eat White Bread . You can't get a big ol ' belly like this without white bread \"~ tv show " 
Bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored . 
school is closed until 6pm 
campus is closed for the rest of the night and possible closed tomorrow 
Yesterday had its ups and downs . Thank you < PROPMALE > for inviting me out to your families house . And < PROPFEMALE > i am sorry for what happened yesterday , we shold not be fighting . 
back hurts alot , right ankle huts a bit , and am very thirsty . 
Migraine !!!! and my parents and aunt is getting louder and louder by the millisecond 
yawn . bored 
it is 0346 now , and my sister has spent over 2 hours either on the phone or on skype , and it is keeping me up . so if i am in a grumpy mood tomorrow(later today ) then i will happily blame her . 
coming up on another hour of listening to radio kimberle . 
0445 and kimberle finially stopped talking , now i can try to get some sleep 
Internet Died at Home , Comcast Ate my Social life . 
“Why Study For Exams .... Are they not about what you know , not about how much you can cram into your head the night before ? ” ~ Unknown 
First Hour , was not my Finest Hour 
This was my worst semester in school ever . I learned so much , but accomplished nothing . 
meh 
Just Applied to two jobs for the County . 
Happy Holidays Everyone 
I really enjoy not being on fire 
my average day sounds like this , tick tock , cough cough , sniff sniff , and back to tick tock . gotta love the flu 
still have a harsh cough , but am moving around . been laying down for so long , just a trip up my stairs is a workout 
Wanna be in the cool group , then join the USCG ( Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s Cool Guys/Girls ) 
going out to the aux change of watch with < PROPMALE > , yay ! jk 
at what point did mafia wars require more than 4 gigs of ram ? i have 4 gigs and it still runs slow . 
The meeting with the Army went good , but found out that we are talking to the wrong people . 
bored out of my mind 
today wasn't the greatest of days 
Earlier today , My Girlfriend mentioned to me that I spend a lot of time working for the Auxiliary . So after putting some thought into it , I came up with this reason . Because I have been Denied to serve . I found an alternate way to serve my country . 
my mouth is killing me and its killing me to sit around my house all day . i tried to get out , but was denied . 
just shoot me now and get it over with 
got 7 more hours of battery life on my laptop . sweet 
there are two kinds of people , There are your true friends : people who have you over for fun and food and so on . then there are the people who say that they are your friends , but yet they do not treat you like a friend . Those of you who are my good friends , thank you for sticking around , for the rest of you . humph ! 
is in traverse city with my lovely girlfriend 
me and my gf went to an all you can eat sushi , and we ate all of it 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > will be celebrating our one year anniversary today ! 
just heard a hawk im my backyard 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is FIGHTING cancer please post this , if only for an hour ~ in honor of my grandma and my friend . 
eh , sleep time 
Really miss the times in Martinez CA . \ 
well got training with the CG today , yay , zero hours of sleep for the past two days , so this should be just loads of fun ! 
