missed out on fun with my friends yesterday :( 

gonna play wii sports YAY 
im going floating in the river . Might freeze :( 
Philippians 1:29 For it has been granted to you that for the sake of Christ you should not only believe in him but also suffer for his sake , 
Above all else , guard your heart , for everything you do flows from it . Proverbs 4:23 
Sick of crude people , eh 
JOIN MY GROUP !!! 
Im not ready for monday ! 
the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > has no eye brows 
Yesterday I found out my Grandpa is getting married for the THIRD time ! Too bad he didn't teach his sons how to communicate with the ladies because they are still single : ( 
My finals are monday and wednesday . Im gonna bury my face in my books and not come out for the rest of the weekend . I am going to be so glad when this is OVER ! God bless me . 
Is online 
happy new year ! :-D 
its the year 2011 but i still watch my 90's nickelodeon shows . when will tv be awesome again ? \ 
who loves orange soda ?... 
Went snowboarding for the 1st time w/ < PROPFEMALE > Robinson and her bro ! It was awesome , thanks guys you rock ! When r we going again ? 
My phone has died , for the last time . I will be getting a new one today . So if I am not returning your texts or calls , thats why . It might help if I can get some < PROPFIRST > emailed to me just in case I lose them when I transfer my sim card :) 
thank you Lord for everything that you've done in me 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:9 -10 We love Him because He first loved us . 
happy easter everyone ! 
i broke even this month . omg 
waking up at five in the morning on a saturday cause your body says so , kinda sucks . 
We all have baggage , the goal is to find someone with a matching set . 
loves you ! 
Does anyone have a travel bag I can borrow for my missions trip to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I just made $163 in 15 mins . If i can do that every day that's $652 every hour , $5216 everyday , so theoretically i can make $ 114,752 a month . God blessed me with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
make better mistakes tomorrow ... 
working non stop since 5 this morning on my homework but i finally got it done ! sleep now . 
just got a delivery , and one of my products EXPLODED in the box ! there is fruity smelling goo all over . WHY do you hate me fruity goo ???!!! 
its raining 
feel really sick . people pray for me i h8 being sick 
i am hearing a flushing sound ... i think its coming from the senate 
You know you're creepy when ... \ 
You're an adult that likes < PROPFIRST > Bieber . 
thank you Jesus for making my life totally awesome ! woo 
I have butterflies in my stomache like im nervous , but i dont know what im nervous about . Weird . 
My toe hurts , and my eye is purple . Yesterday was the best day ever ! 
Starting the summer off right by going rafting monday !!! 
finished my last final . school is over ! 
sitting in my car in the college parking lot , thinking of how awesome this summer is going to be . NO woman , you cannot have this parking spot ! 
\They\ 
going rafting ... now 
< PROPFIRST > 8:32 \ 
Then you will know the truth , and the truth will set you free . 
why did i have to save all of my chores for today ? 
enjoying the sun too much . got a little red :-( 
working the polls ... poll booths for the election that is , your dirty mind . 
polls are finally closed . now i've got to drive home to merced without falling asleep ... its been a long day . 
Food . yummy 
goodbye Rucha and good luck in < PROPMALE > ! you are smart , beautiful , and i am so lucky to have been your friend while you were here ! 
my dad's finally home from new orleans . can't wait to hear all about his trip ! 
can you respect the position someone holds while not respecting the person that holds it ? 
hiking halfdome tomorrow . things learned from last time- don't leave trail , don't stub pinky toe , bring flash light . 
the mountain kicked my butt this time ... THIS TIME ! Muahaha 
gonna be in the mountains for a week , no cell phone or internet . talk to you when i get back ! 
IM BACK for a week , then i'll be gone again . So much to do before I leave ! 
going to my gpa's house . gonna play hacky sack with my cuz . happy 4th of july ! 
Aw my cuz isn't here . who am i going to hacky sack with now ? i sometimes dislike being an only child . 
when will then , be now ?... soon 
i just kicked my cat 
\Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments\ " \ 
who would travel the world to talk about love ? :-D 
jet lag is the best ever ! 
excited to see my team on tuesday . life isn't as sweet when i am missing my family so much ! 
watching Psych . that show is so funny 
there's a meteor shower tonite . gonna make some wishes on shooting stars 
oh you little ... bean . - Binky 
adult iguanas do not eat twice a week ! They eat TWO huge dog-bowls of food A DAY . Then continue to be hungry . 
i got the classes i need ! i am so happy ! 
How did getting mail go from , ' yay a letter!' to , ' now what ??? ' 
i started my reaction paper yesterday that's due Sept 1 instead of procrastinating until the last minute . who am i ? 
air conditioning ... how i loveth thee so ! 
restoring honor rally , LIVE from washington dc . watch it on facebook , bring faith back to < PROPFEMALE > . 
just finished my first Anthro paper of the semester . XO c'mon A+ !!! 
I want a unicorn . Or a white horse with a horn glued to its forehead . That will work . 
My darn cat woke me up at 4am this morning with shrill , annoying , ear-piercing meows . Anyone want a cute little < PROPFEMALE > ? 
2nd research paper finished . So much going on at once , I hope I get used to this . 
There is no theory of evolution , just a list of creaures < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > allows to live . 
:O 
Such a blessed day ! I love building friendships with such amazing people ! :) 
im so tired , sore , and sunburnt . archeology is haaard :O 
you have not because you ask not ... 
tutoring my cousin in math so he can stay on the football team . why do you have to be so cruel math ? 
my year with God ended wednesday . then i found out it never ends ... dun dun duh 
going to grandpa's house tonight :-) 
forgiveness is more then saying sorry 
what can i learn from this experience ... 
I wanted a Jerusalem Bible so I told my mom . Then she said , \Oh yeah I have one of those . \ " I was so excited I spilled my soda . " 
been doing Anthro homework ALL DAY ! must rest ... my brain is cramping . 
uh ... sore throat , swollen glands ? lathargy ?... body aches ?... NOOOO !!! 
the inside of my eyelides are So SoOThInG ... 
its officially time to start concealing my age . 
cant say whats on her mind and be ' politically correct ' at the same time . Uhh ... 
why do we have all these countries named after food ? Chili , Turkey , Greece ... hmmm , makes me Hungary ! haha 
brownies ! 
archeology class is over ! clean clothes please 
my eyeballs hurt :-( 
So excited to be an anthropology < PROPMALE > even tho i have never read or done so much back-breaking hard work in my life ! 
its raining ! keep raining i don't want to go to archaeology class haha 
dear class : i love you but i wish you would end already . 
i used to think it was better to be silent so not to burden someone with your thoughts and opinions . wow , was i wrong or what ? 
i'm going to graduate from Merced college with 5 AA degrees ! lol haha that's ridiculously awesome ! 
carved a pumpkin into a < PROPFIRST > o lantern , and i get to see all the little kids ' cute costumes as they come and get < PROPFEMALE > . i love halloween . 
let me be your traveling pants 
i love the rain ! 
reading Pride and Prejudice while listening to the rain . i wish i could do this every night . 
i've been dismissed from Jury Duty ! i've done my civic duty for the year . 
Woke up early . I'm gonna watch ' Bones ' . 
when i grow up i want to be a forensic lab geek and solve crimes ! haha 
you electrify my life- lets conspire to ignite- all the souls that would die just to feel alive- 
wishes she didn't have to study for a test today . i would kill for a nap right now . 
my cat just tried to catch a mosquito ... and failed . 
I earned the 3rd highest score on my forensic anthropology exam ! I am on my way to being a BONE-ified anthropologist . Yeah , I went there . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can whistle in five different languages , including sign language . 
hmm ... what can i get done in an hour ? 
today is a challenge . i feel so bored , and i have a long day ahead of me still . 
at home watching mystery science theater 3000 with my Dad :-) 
hmm ... sleep ... 
gobble gobble ... happy turkey day . 
Team America : World Police 
only 2 weeks of school left ?!? what ? 
i spent all day doin homework . i think my brain might just pop . 
Im going to study Archaeology today for my upcoming exam and finals ! YEAH ! Woo Im totally pumped ! Psych :P 
just finished handing out christmas presents to little children . it was the best ever and totally made my day ! 
what's up with the < PROPFIRST > guys ? 
don't stop believin ... hold on to that feeling 
omg just finished my archaeology final . i really hope i passed . i would rather shoot myself in the foot then do that again ! 
ive got the house to myself . im gonna be like < PROPMALE > Cruise in Risky Business . dun dun dun dun get those old records off the shelf .... 
and what happened then , in whoville they say , is that the Grinch's small heart grew three times that day 
I just saw TRON with my BFF . Now i am going to relax and this will be the best day EVER ! 
i have a dentist appointment today . i am not afraid of the dentist , its just a cleaning , but i do hate when they are cleaning your teeth and then they start talking to you , and you try to talk back so you dont seem rude , then they say , \oh hold still . \ " well ... you started it ! " 
today was a good day :-) 
don't you just love baggy sweaters in the winter ? you gain weight from all the cookies but no one can tell , they just think you are cold . HAHAHA !!! 
straight A's this semester - < PROPFEMALE > christmas to me ! 
Thank you all for your birthday wishes ! :-D 
just danced the night away . seriously , were did it go ?? awesome :-D 
i was so excited to find out how my new sewing machine works , then i realized the directions were on a vhs tape . aw mega let down . 
this has been a big shift in my life . telling people how i feel is hard . ive learned that being who people want you to be , is not going to get you any friends , but make you a doormatt . i need to be strong enough to defend my vision , and not lose sight of what is really important . 
I found my phone which has been missing for 3 days ! it was in the glove compartment of my car ... to ya'll who've been trying to get in touch with me since , friday ... \Oops\ " :P " 
if today is a forshadow of my last semester at Merced college then i cannot wait until graduation ! give me the forms im ouutta here !!! 
went home for lunch and almost burned the house down with a grease fire . Mmmm potstickers , extra crispy . 
i wonder if < PROPFEMALE > Fox's big toes look like thumbs ... 
I am grateful for the life the Lord has given me , but sometimes I think it would be easier and better if I had someone else's . 
with earplugs you can never win :\ 
if you dont wear them you cant go to sleep from the noise . if you do wear them you wake up with sore ears . 
one week down , eighteen more to go ! 
are you the butterfly that flaps its wings and causes a hurricane on the other side of the world ? 
i love the burn of a good workout ! 
as a student , i have spent most of my life sitting in a chair . once i get into the workforce i will NEVER sit again . by butt hurts . 
do you ever feel alone when in the middle of a crowd ? 
went to the movies and saw The Green Hornet with < PROPFIRST > Jones . now to bed so i can wake up early for the gym . 
I have become obsessed with my iTunes . 
your mother was a hampster and your father smelt of elderberries . 
had a good workout this morning , saw some friends at school , signed up for graduation ( yes ! ) , took a nap . today has been a good day . 
the best way to learn another language is to fall in love with someone that only speaks that language - < PROPMALE > Vangay 
maybe im just insecure but when i dont know someone well i feel like we arent friends ? 
Brand New : now matter how much music i listen to , no matter how often i repeat your songs over and over again ... you say what my soul feels ... you keep me coming back for more . i love you SO much !!! 
BOO Rothlisburger ! Shave the beard . 
i ate so much today . good thing i work out or id be obese . 
i woke up at 4am this morning but dont need to be anywhere until 9:30 . OH MY GOD WHY ?!!! 
biked for 3 1/2 < PROPMALE > today at the gym . I can't wait until halfdome ! 
Sprite . 
to every girl : take up golfing . 
First Egypt and now Iran , democracy is spreding thru the middle east like a glorious wildfire . Happy Valentines Day everybody ! 
Save the Pygmies !! 
its weird when the person you are talking to takes your sarcastic conversion seriously :-/ 
Did you know that the Chinese people are organizing a protest for democracy . So , first Egypt , then Iran , and now < PROPFEMALE > . Whose next ?.... North Korea ??? I can hope :) 
do you ever feel like the world is like a car salesman with only two models to chose from and you don't like either of them . 
Just watched Inception and that is one intense movie , im like ' woah ... ' 
Im trying to teach myself how to crochet and its so freakin hard ! Ah ! I hate you stupid yarn ... :-( 
today was CHAOS ! im exhausted ... 
i just realized the guy who sits next to me in my class looks like that hot vampire from twilight . double take ... \wha ? \"" 
If you're a Merced College or UC student that likes dancing then you should go to the event \Mardi Gras spring break dance music festival in Merced College\ " April 8th . Comment on this and Ill send you an invite . " 
maybe its a merced thing , but people are jerks . the more i meet the more i realize why i enjoyed being alone in the first place . 
today is a hard day :( someone hacked into my health insurance and stole my identity ! what kind of person does that ? evil . 
there is a dance this friday at Merced college . who's going ? 
Khaaaaaaaaaaan ! 
today i was able to talk to a woman who works with ' doctors without borders ' , and i think her life is so amazing ! she told me to apply for a contract because they need young anthropologists . gives me something to think about ... for sure 
