This is so cool ! Try it :) The facebook tricks : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click . Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ( kinda like a < PROPFIRST > of sunshine ) The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... Put this as your status if it worked for you . ( Totally sceptical about it , but then it worked . Gets annoying though ) 

third day in a row of going to sleep at 4 and waking up at 3 
after looking at all my tagged photos I have decided that it is impossible for me to look coherent or sober in any picture . 
Her face is cracked from smiling , all the fears that she's been hiding , and it seems pretty soon everybody's gonna know . \ 
What band and song ? No Google 
I just got my new phone , same number as before 1-815-677-3837 , I have no contacts though so text me so I have some . 
ya know that one 21 question app , well just read all my answers and got to say , I'm a little surprised to see what the answers were . really makes me wonder about who answered them ..... ( ponder ) .... 
Well everyone , It's been one year and we still all feel the pain of that day . RIP < PROPMALE > 1993-2009 
well , I guess all I can really say is shit sucks and life is life . The only thing we can do is keep digging and hope the whole fucking thing doesn't come crumbling down on us . 
just so you know , THE BASS IS IN YOUR FACE ! 
Had an awesome week , played two shows with Altered Reality ; my band with me , < PROPMALE > , Feiden , and < PROPFIRST > feiden ; and tommorrow gonna go < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . life is good 
I think what needs to be realized is that all these relationships we forge right now won't last forever , so we need to < PROPFEMALE > them while there here and remember them when they leave . 
When Death sleeps , it dreams of you . 
no one talks to me :( 
first day of school ..... Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
today someone called me a hippie like its a bad thing . I'M A GODDAMN HIPPIE AND I'M FUCKING PROUD OF IT . 
same shit , different day 
set out running but I take my time\ 
a friend of the devil is a friend of mine 
Ran into an old friend today , and I think Im catching the flu . 
I am so fucking tired of our generation . You gotta have some fucking respect for yourself , other , and everyone in general . Basically , fuck shitheads , fuck em 
I got my hair cut , and now look like im in a 70's rock band . This is AWESOME 
eyes wide open 
YAAAAAAA , today i found out my ban from 4chan has been lifted ! I just about shot through my ceiling with the dirty excitement . 
Man , it's so nice to have finally kicked depression right were it needed to be kicked , square between the legs ! 
I'm the fucking man and everyone should fucking know it ! 
Had a great day yesterday at marching competition , and hoping I'm gonna have a great day today 
Thanks you guys , it really means a lot to me . I have so many friends , lol 
Altered reality concert tonight , come see us play the Oregon High School ' night of screams'!! 
boring tuesday , boring wensday , boring th ...... 
They\ 
say true friends go long periods of time without speaking and never \ 
question their friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke \ 
yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live \ 
and they don't hold grudges . They understand life is busy but you \ 
...... will ... ALWAYS love them . Re-post if ... you have at least 1 of \ 
these friends . I am privileged to say that I do !! 
Happy Halloween , BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Woke up in the morning , \ 
clock say half past one , \ 
I have no sunglasses as I step into the sun . 
Does < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > care about you ? \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > voted NO !!!! 
I think yelling should be reserved for only the most critical of \ 
situations ... Like when someone drinks milk from out of the carton ! 
Come waste your time with me 
played civ for 6 hours , time to play again ! 
cleaned my room , it was getting waaaay to dirty , lol 
I am starting to find the beauty in silence 
shovel stairs , shovel sidewalk , discover stairs are covered in snow again . FUUUUUUU- 
I hate winter , when I'm inside all day I get really tired and take lots of naps 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmahanakwanzika ! 
for christmas Robb made me watch one man , one jar . I made him watch kids in the sandbox . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
got a nook and an xbox , AWeSomE ! 
third day of straight xbox all day . 
She's a twentieth century fox , aw yeah 
I . am . so . fucking . bored 
Hippy new year , start a revolution V('-')V 
last day of freedom 
piece of advice , don't read about serial killers before trying to sleep cause every noise you hear will sound like someone breaking into your house to kill you , lol 
my computer is broken , nooooooooooo ....... 
What is government if words have no meaning ? 
sometimes life just works against you :( 
Just listened to the < PROPFEMALE > underground and nico , don't know how im gonna fall asleep , lol 
Nobody said life was free and easy . 
one word , Ween ! 
controlled by Gamma lights ! 
Truth , Justice and the American freeway 
White Pines is very serene this time of year 
Come sail away with me , to Portaguese , with fishes free and smooth musicians playing on the street for money 
Ever have one of those great days ? ' cause I just did , lol . 
BA-BA-BADABOOM ! 
