GAH ! i am so melodramatic and THATS why people dont like me i just need to fucking shut up . 

Is going to 7-11 .... you don't have to know what i'm talking about though ... 
Three most epic duct tape wallets are in progress . Ailey your band wallet has been started . Black and white yes ? and the BFMV wallet , followed by the pokeball wallet . Plan on seeing them next week . 
hehehe i has 269 friends .... 
this is a really bad year for cats . My cat died on christmas morning , ailey's cat dad later , < PROPFEMALE>'s cat died , now ally's cat has gone missing and my other cat has a tumor on her left side ( hopefully non cancerous but you'll never know ) 
I < PROPFEMALE > the weight of the world as the past is unfurled , but I won't stop to wonder . Going through this life on my own made me cold as a stone ; I'm a ship going under . 
love continues ... even if we dont see each other .... 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > went up the hill to fetch some marijuana , < PROPFIRST > got high , popped his fly and said , \do ya wanna ? \ " < PROPFEMALE > said yes and dropped her dress and they had lots of fun . Silly < PROPFEMALE > forgot her pill and now they have a son . " 
Is feeling like shit ..... wow i hate being sick and then having to LIVE through it .... godddammmmittt 
I got Bar-Mitzvahed on friday ... wow I'm cruel . 
people can change the way you look , people can change the way you act , but people cannot change the way you think . Although that sham wow commercial is pretty persuasive ... 
facebook needs to die . can anyone please explain to me the POINT of facebook ? It's a social networking site ; a social networking site where you waste your lives . I used to have 303 friends on this PARTICULAR facebook account , now i only have 91 . All the 212 people that got deleted . 
We fall in love , and we fall out of love . \ 
Like we have a choice in the matter ? \ 
Then what do we do when we've had enough ? \ 
There's always a solution . \ 
A permanent solution . \ 
To a temporary problem . \ 
Do I care ? \ 
You'll have wake up another day to find out . 
wow i have no idea what that was ... 
Epic last day of school with Ailey BukanAyu Jace , Ally Connors , and < PROPFIRST > Pandaa Duerson 
pot cookies . 
Ailey BukanAyu Jace , epic silver-heart-winged tattoos . 
Why is it so hard to find someone who cares about you ? When it's easy enough to find someone who looks down on you ... Why is it so hard to find someone who can keep it together when you've come undone ? Why is it so hard to find someone who cares about you ? 
Ailey BukanAyu Jace , we can make another thing out of duct tape . clothes . all i need to get it a sewing pattern for whatever kind of clothes we want to make . They would probably be order only though ... it would be kind of difficult to make them on the spot ... 
“Suicide\ 
sometimes proceeds from cowardice , but not always ; for cowardice \ 
sometimes prevents it ; since as many live because they are afraid to \ 
die , as die because they are afraid to live” 
Whatever doesn't kill you , only makes you stronger . ~ Nietzsche 
so energy drinks are low-carb , lightly carbonated sodas on roids ? 
It's better to burn out than fade away . 
My computer = little library of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Proverbs often contradict one another , as any reader soon discovers . The sagacity that advises us to look before we leap promptly warns us that if we hesitate we are lost ; that absence makes the heart grow fonder , but out of sight , out of mind . 
Reincarnation is a worse punishment than hell . Having to relive your mistakes until you finally get it right . That is worse than anything that Satan could dish out . 
What you discover in a democracy is that it is difficult to build a house when each nail has an opinion . ~ Robert Brault 
there is a difference between knowing things and being intelligent . Intelligence is how you use the knowledge . Which are you ? 
Dying is such a bitch ! ~ Chucky 
The early bird might get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . 
I think therefore I am . But I cannot prove that you think , and vice versa , you cannot prve that I think , therefore nothing exists . Thanks nicollette . 
She works for the weekend , mixed tape of her favorite bands . 
You don't wish for more wishes you wish for more genies !!! 
I am going to laugh my ass off when < PROPFEMALE > punches you in the face ! 
what the shift ?! Why does facebook keep changing !? 
Ailey BukanAyu Jace Wow , Sex , and Drugs . The three main food groups . 
Ailey BukanAyu Jace : Oh my god , I totally forgot about these ! \ 
Me : Wow those weren't supposed to last past advisory ... but instead , they lasted 9 WHOLE PERIODS ! \ 
\ 
If you didn't understand that you dont know enough about jews , or you don't watch enough futurama . 
It took 3 minutes 46 seconds for < PROPFEMALE > black to get 284 comments . 
