Still up . Text me or something . So much to process from the past few days . Idk about it all . Uncomfortable . 

No idea why I'm wawwake . Don't feel too hot right now . For more thn one reason I suppose ... 
Should I say goodnight or goodmorning ? Bed finally . 
Up for the day . So far it's alright . No plans-bored . Make some ? Text me . 
Ughh . Frustrated . Ordering online isn ' t always easy . Now I have to go to the stupid store . 
Bored . Maybe dying hair ? Youth group later . Textt . 
It's so hott in here ! Feeling kinda down but I'll be ok . Talk ? Textt ? Message me if you want my number I guess . :) 
Just kinda getting up . I have no idea where today could end up -wanna < PROPFEMALE > out or something let me know . :) 
Curiostiy killed the cat , but I'm gonna die of boredom . 
Packing , we leave in the morning . Bored . Let's chat :) 
packing for vaca stil ... ticked I can't find my sunglasses . Ridiculous that I lose stupid stuff . 
Senioe pics earlier . Ahh I had to change so many times and it was hot in there ! Textt me :) 
Senior pics earlier . Ahh I had to change so many times and it was hot in there ! Textt me :) 
Babysitting . Cleaning my room . Summer project . Swimming with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > @ Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s . Cell is on . 
What a day ! Babysat , went to the Dr. for soccer physical ( I ended up having 2 get 2 needles ! - now my afrm is sore ) , went school shopping ( found nothing ) , and couldn't find cleats ( so I ordered them ) . Bed - Six Flags with yg tomorrow ! Textt . 
Putting up the Infused pictures - HAHAHA . Soccer 2moro . 
Well so much for that - it won't work like it did last time . Anyone wanna do something ? 
bored . home alone again as always . party ? lol . anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Excited - Everything went good yesterday starting CCBC . A good week in general so far ... I love getting done early every day !! Talk ? 
Still sore from practice . Kinda aggrevated . I'm stressed out = I can't wait for it to be the weekend !! I need to sleep ? Text in the AM ? Done at 10:45 . Class 12:45 - 2:05 . Soccer 2:30 - 4:30 . then done for the day . Come rescue me ! 
my knee really hurts from earlier ! Waiting to talk to some ppl ... <3 :) Excited 4 tomorrow ! Missing someone . Lol . 
Gotta do my paper for History . Be up for a while , anyone wanna talk ? Please . :) 
Done the paper - yess ! It wasn't so bad . OMG stupid and immature people are the reason I's so ticked off . What the heck , seriously ! Why do I always end up in these situations ?!? 
I'm done . Stupid people make me mad . Ugh getting into bed . Busy day 2moro . Phone's on text me ! 
Not in the best mood ( at all ) Scream ? Cry ? Punch stuff ? I love how I mess up 1 time and it's like all hell has broken lose . I can't believe how ridiculous people who are supposed 2 help you , can be . I'm going to bed . Text or don't w/e . 
Getting ready to head to class . Funny day so far :) Then practice - then who knows ... 
Good practice I think . Started small though . Busy next week . Had a pretty good day actually . It was surprisingly pleasent . Idk why I'm in such a chipper modd but I like it lol . Bored text me ! :) 
Fun day so far :) Lots of laughs . Feeling good . Wanna talk ? 
Really , people r seriously gonna go there ? Grow up . Game today vs . P-tap @ 4 . 
Wow - today wasn't what I thought it would be . Text ? SHower . HW . 
Laundry done . HW done . Still need 2 talk to someone lol . :) 
Why does it always have to be me ? Why ? It's ridiculous . Over re-act much ? Geez . 
Phone not working - sore throat - grouchy/rude people . Bad day . Should be going to YG but I'm not sure yet . 
Bad mood / upset . Lost pures and idk where it is ...??? Think I left it at practice anyone pick it up ? 
UGH I'm so stupid . I just wanna cry or scream ! 
A good day in all ! We won , I found my purse , and I talked to someone lol . :) Text me ! 
Just hanging out - home tonight . But if you wanna do something I'm game - Let me know :) 
I'm really cold . Got some HW to do . I wanna to someone lol . Text ? 
Sometimes ppl so stupid . It's whatever . immature much ? Laughing it off :) 
Ehh kinda mood . Kinda tired . 
Done the HW I was concerned about . My back is so sore . Bed . Back to reality in the AM . Long day tomorrow . 
Hilarious dsy - had a lot of fun :) Text ? Bed later . 
Excited 4 my 3 day school week !! :) :) :) 
Excited for what this year brings ! All of it :) So much is gonna change . Scary but fun . 
Tired . Done HW but I have to type a paper that I have written ugh . 
Fianlly done . Seems like it shouldn't be so late yet . Finsihed my college essay though , I'm excited about it though . ( And for everything else that's to come in this year ) :) Shower . Studying for tomorrow's test . Bed . Text me ? 
Bored . Has done a whole lot of nothing today . Call or text me ! 
Sp frustrated . Anyone good with computers ? There is this dumb program on mine and it won't let me remove it . Ughh I've tried everything . 
Finally done her abstract paper for History . Ughh . So tired . I'm going to bed . Text me tomorow ! And for those of you who want to be smart I don't mean at midnight whe it becomes tomorrow . Lol - you know who you are . Peace out ! :) ... is thankful for her life ! 
Happy to be me . It's been a great week and I thank God for the good times an even the struggles . I'm starting to finally underswtand some of them . 
And it all means nothing 
But why would it ? 
Wow - soccer is over . I'll miss it . I've been missing some other stuff too ... so much 
Finally done the dumb BioTech paper ( 4pages of BS ) and my Senio Interview resume . Ughh . Text me - - cheer me up :) 
Long time no facebook - should be getting laptop back and fixed tongiht ! 
Thanks for all of my birthday wishes . :) from everyone ! 
Just realized these days are the kind I'm gonna miss . May is coming fast and in 5 months it'll all be over . :( I ; m gonna miss it . I hope we stay close . 
Loves the snow but wishes shew wasn't trapped at home by it . Maybe tomorrow roads will prove to be in driving conditions . Tubing behind a jeep = priceless . :) 
Happy New Year to everyone ! Be safe on your way home . Bed time now , text me and let's make some plans for tomorrow ! Goodnight ! (: 
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them . 
It'a late and I should be sleeping . Thinking about too mmuch to sleep . What else is new ? Getting in bed but I'll be up . Night . 
Just another day . 
Delayed school for 2 hours means I went for an hour . All to present a project that never happened . Bored , make plans ? 
Waking up . Getting a shower . Then who knows what . Text . 
Getting a headache is not fun . Still not feeling well . Today was fun though ! Hopefully tomorrow is too . ( Just hanging around the house ) 
Prettty good day . Hope I'm not getting sick again . If todaya is any indication of the week to follow then I'm excited for a good week . :) <3 
Interview at 5 . YG at 7 . Phone's on . ( Still Sick ) 
Home from Rach's track meet . Mann those kids can run . Had a fun trip getting there . Doing HW and the usual . 
Not doing anything . Prom dress shopping later ? Ughh fun lol . Text me I'm bored . 
Finished HW fearly for once . how ever will I spend the rest of my day ? Frustrated . 
Going to the store to exchange stuff . Haircut later I think (: Glad 2 have tomorrow morning to sleep in . Around if you need me . 
Cold . No plans today so I'm up for anything . Excited for next weekend !! 
Watched a million movies , played wii , looked at HW ... still bored going crazy . 
Getting excited for this weekend ! Packing , checking off lists , and anticipating snow lol . School then leaving by 12 ... or when ever . A weekend away , to just be me is my goal at Winterfest . MOOD : antsy !! 
Trapped in the house . Have been for 2 days . How pathetic this weather makes people ... no wait that's just me . Not a good day today lol . Cheer me up ? 
Had a fun day . Shopping is always great ! Nice weekend too . Currently loving life and even it's struggles . 
Again it's late and I'm still awake . Anyway - gotta love BCPS . Anyone that's wawake wanna talk ? 
Goodmorning to all . 
Hanging around the house . Cleaning and doing laundsry . Wanna talk 
Aggrevated !! Why do people have to mewsws with stuff that isn't theres ? Ahhhhh !! Ticked off ! 
Well BCPS is finally opening school even if it is delayed for the remainder of the week . I suppose I should go to bed now . (: Getting off but I'll be up for a while . Text if you need me . 
Any Chesapeake PEP people going to school this week ? 
Bunch of new pictures up - going to bed now . Text in AM . A good night (: 
Straight A's!! Lol I'm a nerd I know . 
Getting off here . Phone's good . (: Pretty good day 
It sure was quite the day . Remember the importance of staying grounded in what you know . It proves to help . Good night . 
Bed - I'm cold and it's been a long day . So good night (: 
Pretty good day . Excited for this weekend and to get out of the house . (: Text me 
Just got home . Did some extra work for school . YG later . Talk ? 
I don't think anyone could dislike Shakespeare more then me . I can't help but to be bored of it . Tooth really hurts otherwise a good day (; I'll be up for a while 
Wedding was today . Who knows about later . But going tubing tomorrow (: 
Isn't feeling like school in the morning . I'd rather not . Still not he best mood ? : ehh 
Tired . Bored . 
Annoyed with my stupid phone ! Going to White Marsh later to get it fixed and pick up my prom dress . Plans later ? Who knows . Text me . 
Doing some simple project and sitting around . Wanna talk ? 
Hanging around . Finishing up some HW . Blast game/concert later . Should be fun and well interesting to say the least . (: Text it . 
A good day I suppose . Glad it was laid back and I could just chill . I miss that . I'll miss it even more come a few months down the road ... 
Haha wow ! Guys are so stupid . Predictable and stupid . And don't get any more mature with age that's for sure . Ha - still laughing ! 
Just hanging around . Nothing much to do . Car searching . Talk ? 
Stay stong and keep your faith . I love you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . It's all going to be okay .. <3 
I hate days like this . Nothing goes right and for no reason . Seriously how is it my fault ? 
Ughh today was whatever . Hoping tomorrow is better . Wanna make plans ? Text me . Bed . Night . 
Beautiful day isn't it ? We'll see how the rest of it goes .. 
Hanging around . Nice day outside . Spring break is one day away ! Plans ? 
Excited for it to be Spring Break even if it's not feeling \springy\ " lol . I'll make the most of it anyway . Finally ordered Captivating . SHould be here Wednesday (: " 
People are crazy . But I love the weather . This is what Spring break shuold look like . 
Tired . Shower . Doing nothing . Heading out like 12:30 . Talk ? 
Dying eggs today . Nothing else to do . Make plans ? 
Happy Easter everyone ! \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
< PROPFEMALE > bored .. \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Nothing to do . 
Loving the warm weather but gosh it's hot . Going to white marsh to drop off an app later . Talk ? \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Stuck behind a tractor on a main road ? Really ? 
I have becom . e every parents dream(h a teenage girl that won't leave clothes on the floor ever again ... I stepped on my belt and it cut my foot . 
Bored . Let's make plans 4 2night ! 
I'm freezing ! 
O-R-I-O-L-E-S Just saw that on the news . < PROPMALE > that was hilarious . 
A granny with a mullet just bumped into me at the mall ... 
Yeah so today was fun ... not\\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
If anyone wants 2 donate blood the Red Cross Blood mobile is at the < PROPFEMALE > Island wal-mart . \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
I think I ' m the only person who actually wants to go to the circus . 
Stupid old roofing guy needs to get out of my room . This does not take 4 hours ! \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Headache . Long day . But at least I'm done my Research Project . Not many High School days left . 
An overall accomplishing day (: 
Misconstruable statements are the funniest . Head . Bobble heads . Ladies perfume and the air force make things hilarious . 
Home from school no worries . 
Sitting outside for < PROPMALE > . Freezing my but off sitting on the sidewalk . 
I was just called \old\ " by a 3 year old ... " 
If anyone texted/called me ... I'm not ignoring you I left my phone in < PROPFEMALE>'s car and won't get it back until tomorrow around noon so I'll answer everyone then . (: 
Nice little potty fiasco caused by the sleeping stinker . That's what I'll call it . Lol . 
Not really feeling good . Headache and stuff . 
Some people are just so full of themselves and phony . Ur not fooling anyone ... just so you know . 
I'm thinking it's time for some sleep . Feeling a little better than yesterday but still not feeling so well . 
School on lock down and I have a feeling severe weather is next . . . 
:( 
Home sweet some . Interview tomorrow . Then idk ? 
If this girl gives me a look one more time I swear . 
Tired of school . Done 4 today though (: \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
is freezing ! 
< PROPFIRST > Island is out of wack . Supposed bank robbery ? Swat team . Police . Crime scene techs . Police dogs . Geez . What's next a bomb squad ? This is crazy ! 
Bored . Okay day I suppose . Talk ? 
Sick of people getting smart . It's really not their place to say ... 
Got the job at Pine Valley !! 
Good day ! Going to get a showewr then bed ! School in the AM then dropping off papers . (: Text it . 
Dentist ughhhw\\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Totally forgot tomorrow was the < PROPMALE > Engvall show ! Gonna be a good day tomorrow . Certification classes for work and going to the show ! 
Hmm this shopuld be interesting ... 
So ready 2 go home . Hot . Show later . < PROPFEMALE > excited . Talk ? 
I wasn't aware that \I'll just be a minute then be right back\ " meant ket me take for ever and make you wait ... " 
Long day . Shower then bed . Dreaded AP exams start in the morning ... Yayy not . 
I love when things work to my benefit . 
Gotta love stupid computer viruses that post nasty videos to your wall . Anyway going to bed . AP English Lit exam tomorrow . Goodnight . 
English exam = over . Not so bad but I've done enough thinking for the day . 
Ooh yayy meetings all day . 9-5 . I hope it doesn't rain . Plans after ? 
Well I'm glad that's over . Done early ! 
Gott my graduation dress ! 
It was good to spend time with the rest of the family . Missed them . Not doing anything now . 
Tired and for some reason freezing . School in the AM - only 3 weeks left ! 
And the best is yet to come 
Ughh - frustrated with this dumb online quiz thing taking forever , finally getting done , then not working right to upload !!!! I'm gonna scream ! 
I've changed my mind . I am sick of little girls who don't know anything and act like they do . I can't wait for school tpo be over . 
Teeny bopper squeaky central needs to move out from it front of my house . 
Formspring is funnny (: 
Cleaning up the deck then going to pick up my work uniform . Making dinner after if I have time . YG at 7 . (: \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Frustrated 
Last AP exam I'l ever take ! \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Stupid roofing people don't know what the heck they're doing . I end up woke up an hour early and have my ceiling messed up beecause they can't do crap right . 
Prom tomorrow . So excited ! ! Nails À 10 . Hair À 1 . Pictures À 5 . Leaving À 6 . 
It's hot in here . Not feeling so hot . Bed . Nails in the AM . Thean hair , pics , bus , and prom ! 
And preparations begin ! (: 
Prom ! 
So 92 Q just crashed our prom\\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Prom was good . Had fun on the bus (: 
A pool on this weather ? Really ? Hmm this should be fun ... \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Here we go . 
Being this frustrated is not a good way to start the morning . 
Chesapeake - Scalice's AP English 12 class - The next chapter \Wednesday\ " has to be read for tomorrow NOT Friday . " 
Sick of annoying people . I'm glad I work and am about to graduate and get a way from them all . One step in the better dirrection . Ppl ... grow up . 
Passed Lifegurd certification ! 
Some people don't know how to do anything but over stay their welcome . 
Home from school and lunch . Today was fun . High School is over . 
Bored ! 
Headache . 
Change invites new oppurtunities . New oppurtunities bring a new outlook . 
Some of the funniest things I've heard all day ... \ 
\ 
1 ) \Being us and having fun 
Sen10r Awards Ceremony ! \\n Ayy Sen\10\ " rs " 
Chesapeake kppl - is tomorrow an A-day or a B-day ? 
Anyone want to go to the drive in tonight ? 
Omg my ears r ringing from the power tools the decking guy is using ! Ahhh ! 
And now is when it all came rushing in and hit me . It really is over and I'm gonna miss it . 
A little girl and her friend just told me \Wow your done school . You're so smart . You're an adult now that's so cool . \ " Made my day bc it was so cute . " 
Tired and sore from running around all weekend . Had a blast though . No real plans all week , let's make some (: Text . 
Hot outside today ! 
Sitting around - don't know what I'll do today . Graduation is in 3 days . Reflection : Wow time flew by . 
Bored and my back really hurts - anyone wanna talk ? GRDAUATION tomorrow ! 
A wonderful day . Had fun goofing off earlier . Graduation was good . I am finally a graduate . 2010 !!! 
Good day . Sleeping in is wonderful - too bad it has to be all over after this week . Excited for everything coming up ! 
So glad I graduated ! Ready to move on with stuff even though I'll miss some people . Youth Group later . 
I am absolutely sick of this . People need to mind their business and stop being nosey . 
Loving this ! 
Boredd . What and interesting night lol . < PROPFIRST>'s party in a bit . 
I'm so bored . Somebody text me . Let's go do something . 
I'm such a little kid dittibg outside playing with sparklers . 
is frustrated with stuff . 
Finally off work ! What a day . 
Tired . Kinda burnt . Been a busy week . Fun though . Work tomorrow too . Bored - let's have a chat ? Lol (: 
Been a heck of a week . Worked close to 40 hours . Suppose I'll get used to that lol . Up//not really tired ... anyone wanna talk ? 
:) 
Tired 
Annoyed with work stuff . Anyone wanna talk ? 
\Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes . \ " by Confucius " 
\Why is it that memory < PROPFIRST > always seems so much better than current reality ? \ " \ 
How awesome is it outside ?? Not even working could ruin it . All smiles (: 
Sometimes this is just more than I can stand . 
Little kids make me laugh . They come up with the funniest things based on nothing . Anyway - hanging around the house / work in the AM . Talk ? 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Canada 
Hates that feeling when you have to sneeze ... 
\Hi Jenna . \ " \ 
Is so lucky to have been part of something so great . Glad it's not the end for us . Love < PROPFIRST > Ches and < PROPFEMALE > Ches (: 
Swimming . Lockin . Revolve . The makings of a perfect weekend . 
Laser tag all night . Legs thaat feel like jello . Waking up after 2:00 pm ... Priceless 
And the greatest of all is love <3 
So I'm liking this random giddy mood ... (: 
Contemplating going outside and playing in the rain like a little kid . Minus the thunder/lightning and all . 
<3 Sleep - goodnight (: 
Exhausted and not feeling too well . Working tomorrow too . 
Man it's hotttt 
And a long week comes to a close . Next week should be really good :) 
Just one questtion : why ? 
God it's hot ! 
I miss the old days ... \ 
I feel like verything is so complicated for no reason now . 
And finally I'm not worried about the outcome (: 
Tomorrow's gonna be long . Funeral , work , swimming . Saturday and this weekend will be just what I need . 
I need to get out of here . 
Good morning 
(: 
Here's to this amazing weekend . I'm not going to let any \stupid\ " thing stop me . I'm going to keep on keeping on . " 
I wanna see that < PROPFIRST > St. Cloud movie 
Loves feeling < PROPFEMALE > accomplished ! 
Believe in something or you will fall for anything 
Trying to keep my head up . It's not real easy right now . I am determined to not let things get to me . 
Woah ! Ahh ! \Well maybe you should have had your seat belt on . \ " kI HAD My seat belt on ! \"" 
You might be knocked down but your not out forever . 
According to my calendar today is \National Friendship Day \"" 
Not feeling very well mixed with work should be fun : 9 
Ughh 
Fight for what you want because anything worth having is worth fighting for 
Finally home from work . Going out tonight . Text < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Feels like she should be in a better mood but just isn't . 
Make plans for later ? 
Feeling pretty good - applied for a few new jobs . Hoping for the best ! 
Learned you really shouldn't assume you know someone until you actually do . 
< PROPFEMALE > nervous !! Big job interview tomorrow . 
Wants to go to Spring Grove . 
has a KILLER headache . Ugh 
Somebody needs to get their eyes checked because they've got a serious staring problem 
Shopping later . For all things blue =) Running a few errands ... then idk 
Color Wars - blue ! 
Needs to blow off some steam . Anyone wanna go out ? 
Loves < PROPFIRST > Chandler for saving me for a bit . Love ya girl . We shall < PROPFEMALE > out again soon . PS < PROPFIRST > can have my soda that I forgot . (: <3 
Out with the old and in with the new . Everything is for a reason . Embrace the change - don't run from it . 
Finally out of whatever \funk\ " I was in . In a better mood and don't know why - honestly ... it doesn't matter though . All smiles (: " 
< PROPFEMALE > limeade from sonic = love 
Dirty vacation home . A million u turns . A new and clean condo . Day 2 of vacation and we've already had an adventure . 
Revolve tonight ! Feeling like it's gonna be a good one (: So whose coming ? 
He loves us 
Last night was awesome ! 
Bored 
Excited for school to start . Kinda wish I was already at Towson . Hopefully next semester ! I wanna live in campus ? 
Great challenges require greater faith . 
This should prove to be an interesting day . Oh did I forget long ? 
Have to pick a topic for an 8-10 < PROPFEMALE > health paper . Any good ideas ? 
Feels the need to get involved in something to help people . 
Out of class more than an hour early ... nice way to start the weekend ! Gotta love when the last class always ends early . 
Laser tag ! 
Health depleted . Well laser tag you made my energy depleted . 
Excuse me I have liquid . 
Dear God , you are amazing . I have no words to describe . 
\Say what you want and be who you are because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . \ " - Dr Seuss " 
Ok so literally laughing out loud when you are in a public place isn't the best idea . Thought I already knew that but I guess not lol . Ppl will look at you funny 
Tired . I want to go home and sleep or something . \ 
Geez 
How in the world am I supposed to get done online assignments that are due over the weekend if 1 ) my computer doesn't work with the program and 2 ) the program isn't funcitoning ???? UGH I really don't like this \My IT Lab\ " mess ! " 
So I'm in my room listening to music and I'm pretty sure I hear ducks lol . Random I know 
Dislikes being sick - still has school reading to do and seriously needs to clean her room . Text . 
All right - and the season begins ! 
So I'm special - I push the power switchy under the computer desk with my foot and then sit here wondering what happened to my conversations ... wow . It's just gonna vbe that kind of day , huh ? Laughing so hard right now ! 
Nothing like < PROPFEMALE > steamed crabs ! 
Health exam = finished ! 
UGH - what ever . One more class and my weekend starts . I'm so just done ! 
But God 
Tie-dyed a sweatshirt < PROPFEMALE>'s colors ! 
CLasses all day = so boring . I like 1 class I have ... yayy school is so much fun ! 
Doing what I have to do for myself - it may get hard but I WILL do it and I WILL succeed . 
So it was an interesting day at school ... \ 
1 ) A group of Goth kids were playing the piano singing \Small Town Girl\ " and \ " Making my way down town\ " \ 
Some people are just determined to be unhappy aren't they ? Man do they need some Jesus (: 
Hope I'm feeling better by tomorrow . 
What a morning already - people are so funny ! Anyway typing a paper and just hanging around waiting to see what's going on today . Text me . 
Done typing my paper ! Going to watch what's left of them game and then who knows . 
Am I easily frustrated or just handling a lot ? Idk . I know it sounds selfish but - Why can't I ever just have things when i want them ? Just once 
Ok so I can take a hint . I get a daily verse on my phone and it was < PROPFIRST > 6:33 ... I don't like the translation so I look it up on Bible gateway ... their verse of the day ... < PROPFIRST > 6:33 ... and my daily texts aren't from them . Woww 
Laughter really is the best medicine (: Hahahaha 
Did the same sudoku puzzle like 4 times because I kept messing up . I had no idea it was so late . Goodnight (: 
Sitting in computer class with nothing to do , I'm done can'tI just leave early ? I'm wet and now my cahir is wet too . I'm contemplating leaving early ... but I have a paper due last class ... Hmmm dilemna , dilemna . 
This is a crazy amount of rain . Loving the chilly weather though ! Just made cookies (: 
Jordyn just made a noise that sounded like someone stepped on a chihuahua ... 
Humor from a 3 yr old is the funniest . I was just told to \Be quiet when you're talking . \"" 
I wanna go to a corn maze :) random but fun lol . 
Don't even know why I'm still up - can't sleep and I'm bored ... 
What now Steelers ? Yeah Ravens !! Come on ! 
I am soooo bored 
\Oh my lanta you are my woman . \"" 
Tired and not feeling too well . One more class to go ... ugh 
The trials of life exist as a test of faith and strength . 
Out of class like an hour early and got an 82 on a midterm I thought I was going to fail - an awesome way to start my weekend ! 
Just filled out a job app ! Hoping (: 
20 questions much ? 
My friends are crazy ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Hedrick 
Finally done midterms !! 
Not feeling good - probably going home instead of to class 
So happy my shipment finally came ! 
This time I can say \I win ! \ " (: " 
So cold ! 
So < PROPFEMALE > Hedrick tried to say sarcasm is not needed and sarcasm is not necessary and ended up saying your sarcasm is not \neee - cessary . \"" 
Why am I still awake ? 
I hate not knowing things 
\Sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand . \ " <3 " 
Sometimes I really wish I could say what I'm thinking and what's on my mind ... geez 
People are psycho today ... my God can't they mind their business ? 
needs someone to talk to 
Sometimes the things that you don't even know that you need to hear , come from people that you would * least * expect to say them . Thank you . 
Bored . Doing a project . Talk ? 
Done my paper ! Yes ! 
Words mean little when actions prove other wise ... i can forgive plenty of things though lies aren't one of them . 
Of all days to be late ... 
In bed watching a movie 
I'm in a pretty good mood - talk anyone ? 
Excited for this weekend ! Thought it was going to work out differently but it's fine by me . Text ! (: 
Home from the car meet - Had fun even though it was cold (: Best mood I've been in for a while . Talk ? 
Nice start to the weekend ... home alredy though . Anyone wanna do something ? 
Cold . Bonfire tomorrow night . Then < PROPFEMALE>'s comig over . Sunday = hanging out with ppl . Care to join ? 
Good night - Text or IM is good . 
Up and about . Text 
It is what you make it (: 
Had fun hanging out tonight . Not feeling too well tough :( Text me and make me feel better ? 
Done my health project - finally ! About to head home - text me ! (: 
Stressed out . Freaking out . I keep feeling like I'm forgetting something but I'm done ? 
So much to do 
Me : \I'm not about to speed in someone else's car ... \ " \ 
Getting a new laptop is always a nice way to start the day . Now I can do all this school work ... yayy 
Bumming it and loving it (: 
Fun night . Just getting in , be up for a while if you wanna talk . (: 
Wow - so today is not going to be any funny . Ugh . I hate not being able to fix what's happening . 
Truth is ... ? 
Finished my work for today (: Going to see Grandmother in the hospital later ? 
Seriously - you're gonna act like that ? Ok ... what ever 
Good night FB . Classes tomorrow . Then idk . Then car meet . 
... And now I've got the same big dumbe smile on my face (: 
Like for \Why whatsup ? \"" 
It would really be great if today was as good as yesterday ! 
Today I was told ' \You are far more influential than you think . \"" 
Ugh woke up not feeling well . School til 3 - the idk . Make plans ? 
Stuck in the house sick . Talk to me ? 
I don't know why I even bother 
\Maybe you're reason why all the doors are closed\ 
11:11 on 11/11 - Make a wish ! 
Getting ready to go out tonight (: Text me ! 
Unstoppable was an awesome movie ! had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > ! (: <3 
Has nothing to wear - ugh ! 
I dislike the fact that because my neighbors smoke , I walk up the steps in * my * house and I smell it . Ew . 
No agenda for today . Hanging around . Text ? 
Funny thing ... you say you care but your actions prove otherwise . 
\You're a cotton headed ninny muggins \"" 
I feel like everything I want is hanging right in front of me , just out of reach . 
Getting some school work done . Text me ? 
So my bad mood just got turned right back around (: 
Greatest mood I've been in for the longest time ! (: Talk ?? 
People crack me up - they really do . Jealousy isn't going to get you anywhere you wanna go in life , so really what's the point ? 
Getting some school work done . No agenda until Saturday (: 
I love being in such a great mood ! (: Talkkk ? 
Being cramped in the back seat and layed all over for the whole ride home is not my idea of fun , in case anyone was wondering . I'll just be happy when it's tomorrow already . (: 
Today will be better than yesterday (: 
Is gonna shine even when others expect me to fail . I am gonna survive just about anything life throws my way . I may crack , but I will never break . <3 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > Hedrick how I love you even though you deplete our ozone <3 
Great , cool , fabulous , wonderful . 
Bored beyond belief . Talk ?? 
So I'm not thinking chest pains are a good thing ... 
Talk about doing good on a test - can you say 95 ? (: I'd say that's a good start to my day ! Text . 
Great day ! School , painting and goofing off , car meet ! ? Busy weekend . So excited for everything ! Text me - I'm up (: ! 
\A dream is a wish your heart makes \"" 
Had a good Thanksgiving day - looks like i have just enough time to take a shower and a nap before \Black Friday\ " shopping ... ohh yayy ... long lines and grouchy ppl are goning to be so much fun lol " 
Forgive the unforgivable , smile through the tears , have hope where hope was gone , and realize that this too shall pass 
Just in one of those kind of moods 
Football party then car meet <3 Text me ! 
What if you lose what you always wanted because you were too scared to grab it and hold on tightly ? 
Soooo cold ! 
It's been a long day . Been cold all day too ! Hoping this week is as good as I want it to be . 
Dinner for my birthday tomorrow @ PF Changs . Let me know if you wanna come (: 
Bumming it around the house (: Text me 
Just in case anyone was wondering ... The most awakward thing that can happen , is for a room of about 200 and some strangers to sing Happy Birthday to you . Lol 
Just wanted to say thankyou to everyone for their birthday wishes (: I feel loved <3 Goodnight ! 
Mannn - looking at old pictures really shows just how time flies . Not even 3 years ago - and things were SOOOO different . Wow , is all I can say ... 
Nights like this keep me laughing (: 
'' Heaven help the fool who did her wrong ... '' <3 
'' To love at all is to be vulnerable . '' - C.S. < PROPFIRST > 
Disgruntled - \displeased and discontented ; peevish \"" 
This is my care cup \\_/ Oh ... Look its empty . I wonder what that means ? 
Could today get any better ? 
RIP Little < PROPFIRST > - you were too young :( RIP < PROPFIRST > too . You were both taken too soon . 
Needs a break from studying . 
New people will bring you new realzations . 
Easiest final in the world ! 
I run to you <3 
Oh okay I get it now , it's ok for you to do it but when someone else does it they are out of line ? Cool . Glad that's all straightened out . 
No one is worth your tears 
Why does everything have to be so complicated and confusing - ahh ?! 
Dear Winter Break , \ 
I don't appreciate you taking your time getting here . Nor do I like that you are witholding the snow . Finals need to be over . I am way too excited for this weeekend for you to take your sweet time getting here . Please hurry , thanks . \ 
Sincererly , me < PROPFEMALE > . 
Tell me why stupid things had to go and ruin my perfectly wonderful day ? Ughh 
Love with out holding back and dream with everything you have ... <3 
Finals are over ! Yess ! 
Excited ! 
No idea why I'm wide awake @ almost 2 am ... lol 
Awesome weekend ! I am < PROPFEMALE > tired ! Lounging around the house if you care to join ? Phone's good . 
Wrapping things for Christmas (: 
Yayy 2 A's and 2 B's for all of my classes . 
Dear elderly lady in the green honda accord in front of me , the speed limit is 30 not 3 . Thanks . 
Was awarded another < PROPMALE > for school ! Gotta love when everything is paid for and they still give you more money ! (: 
'' You're just mad because I have a nice change purse . '' 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
So throwing a cork across the family kitchen at your someones head is hysterical around here . <3 I love my family . 
Ok so the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > game for wii is hilarious ! I love it ! 
And that's how you make it to the playoffs . 
Christmas party was fun <3 It was fun getting to see people that I hadn't in a while (: 
Can't sleep - again . Oh well . Text if you want to . 
You can't change what you don't acknowledge . 
Tonight was too funny - that's all I can say lol (: 
Why is it that everything is always going to happen \soon\ " or it's coming \ " soon ? \ " It makes me crazy - when is \ " soon\ " anyway ? Uggh . " 
Not feeling very good ): 
So I'm thinking some of you should come over and help me paint my room lol (: Text me . 
Really bored . Tired of painting . Busy day tomorrow - talk ? 
Really bored- someone should talk to me (: 
Sometimes the things we don't do are stronger than the actions we take . 
Don't you realize that it's too little too late ? It's too late now . 
If you wait too long for the perfect moment , the perfect moment will pass you by . 
When you really need someone is when you see their true colors . You learn who will always be there for you and who just pretended to be , but never really was . 
So now my phone just calls ppl when I don't even touch it ? Okay , that's cool ... uhm what ever I guess . Weird . 
Today was probably the hardest day of my life :( It's just not going to be the same anymore . Miss you Pappaw <3 
Little things today made me laugh so much ... like having on the radio and seeing some lady 2 lanes over having her own little jam session to the same song aha ! Oh and deciding what I'm going to get for my tattoo (: ! 
When push comes to shove , you taste what you're made of <3 
Gotta love when some chick who doesn't even know you gives you dirty looks #Get over yourself ! 
And it's so weird to be here without you - and see you're chair empty ... 
I'm actually excited for the next few weekends . Spring Grove tomorrow . OC in 2 weeks ! (: 
Saturday morning cartoons , wow I haven't done this in years lol 
So singing Mr. < PROPMALE>'s and playing it backwards sounds like speaking < PROPMALE > - ahahahahahaha ! 
So I'm thinking someone should come get snowed in with me . If I have to be stuck here , I need someone to keep me sane lol . Text me ! 
\forever and ever and ever and ever ! :D hahaha your stuck with me for good dude ... :D \ " Hahahahahaha - I love < PROPFEMALE > Chandler (: " 
Excited for this weekend ! Anyway , someone should come over and < PROPFEMALE > out , then go sledding in a little bit ?! 
Not feeling so well and I can't sleep , ugh . 
Amazed 
Pretty good day (: Tomorrow is the last day of break . Oh well ... OC this weekend ! 
Nearly dying on the way out the door isn't a very good way to start my day lol . Then parking is insane ! Oh funn ... 
Happy Birthday to Jordyn ! I love you baby sis ! I can't believe you're 4 already ! <3 
And now , when I see you I can't help but laugh and wonder why I bothered with you . Ha Hahaha that's why you just slipped on the ice (: 
Shower , homework , then doing some running around , and hopefully going to get some packing done . 
It's days like these that I'm glad that all of my classes are only in 2 buildings (: 
History is right now 
I absolutely could not be in any better of a mood right now !! 
@ < PROPFEMALE > Chandler , you are too funny . See you , at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s , in about an hour , ready to go . Ah Hahaha ! <3 you 
Ocean City !!!! Oh yeah !! 
Winterfest is where it's at ! <3 wish it didn't have to end 
Content and at peace with life ... One of the best ways to be (: 
Dear Steeler's fans , it's okay to cry ... hahaha ! 
Had a great weekend (: Busy week ahead , but for now I'm still up . I guess I haven't adjusted to \normal\ " sleeping hours yet lol ... anyone else awake ? " 
I'm glad I've been through the tough times in my life because now I realize what it's like to live , take chances , and gain new life experiences . 
Everything I am not ... made me everything that I am 
I really need to get out of this house ! 
Blah . Just been that kind of day ... 
Ok so school can occasionally put me in and amazing mood . Hahaha ! Today has been hilarious ! (: 
Kids in school need to get over yourself , you are so not cool . You think you're cool bc you got your licensed revoked for street racing your Mommy's BMW . What a loser ! 
Someone should come < PROPFEMALE > out . 
When you can wish someone well , despite the pain they've caused , it is then that you can be at peace with yourself and the whole situation <3 
You'll never know just what you had , but that's okay , one day someone else is going to realize just what you lost ... and how glad they are to have found it <3 
A good day today <3 Got a lot of stuff done . Oh yeah- and one day I am really going to celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day . 
Accents make jokes so much funnier ! 
In a good mood today (: 
It's pretty sad when you are the youngest person somewhere yet you're the most mature . 
Headaches are the worst . 
* So I was doing some searching on where my family came from and what origin we might be , and I found this\ 
\English and Irish : habitational name from places in Cheshire and Lancashire called Hollingworth 
\Our lives end the moment we become silent about the things that matter . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
This weather could not be any more amazing ! Bring on the weekend ! 
Feels so much better . Dear flipflops , I've missed you , it's been ways too long lol 
Boredom speaks for itself , ugh lol 
(: <3 
I had such an awesome weekend ! I'm glad to know truly genuine people when so often it seems like we're surrounded by such artificial , conditional , and insincere ones . 
I had no idea it was snowing so hard . Lol wow 
A cancellation would have been so much nicer than a delay , but I'll take it (: 
I don't know how I managed to dodge that one ... talk about almost walking right into is ... woo lol . Close call ... 
I really wish people weren't so bipolar 
Come on kids , it's not cool to come into the classroom smelling like whatever you just smoked . If you smoke fine , but I don't need to smell it . #Thanks for the headache ! 
So today ( yesterday really ) was good (= Feeling accomplished 
Watching Easy A <3 Text ? 
As great as tonight was , it's definitely time for me to go to bed ... now that it's nice and quiet <3 
White Chicks - hilarious movie ! 
So I'm thinking someone should come < PROPFEMALE > out with me since I'm doing absolutely nothing (= 
So incredibly tired . -__- I wish I was still sleeping . 
Gas prices are already increasing at crazy rates and they want to increase the tax on it too ?! That's just insane . 
Sitting here with my foot all swollen and bruised ... walking around campus should be fun tomorrow . 
Man I hate the MVA 
Yayy finally got my tags ! 
Hope it doesn't rain tomorrow ! 
Bored and hungry . Text me ? 
Not feeling too well ... busy week coming up too . 
Ahh had to get blood drawn ... I'm a big baby ! 
I am < PROPFIRST > lucky to have my family . I love them <3 
Not feeling too good again :( 
Easy day today . Text me ? (: 
This rain makes me sleepy and makes me not want to do anything lol . And a movie in class ... I'll be lucky if I can stay awake . 
Somebody got me sick- @ least I have the weekend to get better (: 
Sitting around the house . I wanna do something ! (: 
Dear birds outside my window , your incessant chirping is really annoying and I am trying to sleep . Do me a favor and stop ! K thanks . Bye . 
Got my car <3 
Weekends like this leave ne in the best mood ! (: <3 
I am so glad the that things I \thought\ " I wanted at one time have changed " 
I should be sleeping already . Goodnight (: The Band < PROPFIRST > \You Lie\ " <3 " 
Dear Mother Nature , you can send spring and it's warm weather any day now . It would be greatly appreciated . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I love \Remember the Titans ! \ " I think it's my new favorite movie ! " 
Needs something to do 
I love laying in bed , listening to the rain , waiting to fall asleep . 
So I'm thinking someone should come help me set up this printer lol . Any takers ? (: 
SO now that I had to call < PROPFEMALE > for tech support it works . Why is tech support always in < PROPFEMALE > and why are the techs on the phone elways so rude ? Lol geez all I needed was some help with a printer ... 
Today I'm actually liking school . 1 test down & 1 mid-term down . I'm 1 paper and 1 due assignment away from the weekend !! Man I have had a great week so far ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Daugherty , hanging out would prove to be much easier if you'd look at your dang phone ! That is all (: 
Nvm I guess I'll be around the house tonight . 
So bored ! 
Amazing weather makes for an amazing mood ! 
Had a fun night even though we got a late start . Finally going to bed . Someone should make plans for tomorrow (: Goodnight <3 
There's nothing to do ! 
I'm so mad ! 
Free < PROPFEMALE>'s day ! (: Happy Spring ! 
A weekend well spent . I'm perfectly content and that's enough in itself (: 
So I just had a heart attack because I thought I was late for school . I was one step from the door before I realized it was Monday not Tuesday . I'm going back to bed , God knows I need it hahaha . Goodnight . 
Now that I know it's only Monday I'm doing alright . Finally the school website works . Doing HW . Text me [= 
That Camaro should be ashamed . 
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people . \Alright 
I got a good laugh :D 
The stalking has got to stop , it's not cute , it's just annoying . Ok ? Cool . (: Glad that's taken care of . 
Trying my best to stay awake through this guy's \presentation . \ " He could not be more close minded or unsympathetic . Can you say ridiculous ? " 
I'm sick of being told I can't or shouldn't do something ! I know I am supposed to do this . I am not a little kid anymore and I am sick of being treated like I am one ! 
Had a good day today . This weekend is gonna be good too ! 
Stop poking me ! 
People are crazy ! They just don't give up ! 
I'm really starting to enjoy these awesome weekends ! They just keep getting better and better (: 
Sweatpants and a blanket and I'm still freezing . My toes and my nose lol 
So glad all my schoolwork is done ! Lunch anyone ? 
I woke up stressed about the million things I had to do today and it was one of the easiest days ever ! That's what I'm talking about [= 
Family dinners are great <3 I had a wonderful night ! 
Dear hair , I'm sorry that I burn you , cut you , and twist you into knots . Things would be much easier if you had more good days . Love < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sometimes it's better to not \be right . \ " Make sense ? Lol " 
Seriously , you have got to be kidding me ! Why is everything I do never good enough for you ? Since when is telling the truth the wrong thing to do ?! 
I can't take this week getting any more ' awesome ' ... 
\Hearts will not be practical until they can be made unbreakable . \"" 
Freezing cold and so bored . What a combination 
