Got a great work out by climbing Telegraph pass but am I crazy to still want to go to the gym ? 

I may have broke my little finger , but I hope it is just sprained . lets just say it hurts real bad and I can't move it due to the swelling . But hey it was worth it , dodgeball way kickin'-it 
Just got a new Phone Number . It is 207-206-6979 Please send me your phone < PROPFIRST > as I have lost them all thanks 
TGIF 
Is now finding out that all the Girls that like me live in Maine ahhh ... why God Why ... 
HELP I pulled a Kitten out of the Air Conditioning Vent last Night and Now I need to find it a Home TODAY . It is really cute it purs the second you touch it . But the dogs are way too curious about the cat and if I don't at least find it a < PROPMALE > home I 
is going to play ultimate tonight . I'm excited it has been a long time 
is not happy that a certain someone put a certain add or something on craigslist and now I am getting emails . Who ever you are and I know who you are I am changing all my passwords . \but it is a funny prank I got to hand it to you \"" 
Is wondering what Taboo subject we will be talking about at NEXUS tonight ? 
Hey whats happening for the 4th people ? 
Thinks that there is alot to learn from many people that are 70 and older how they dreamed and lived it up . it seems they just went for it 
is going to join the 4th ave Gym again and wants a gym partner . Any Takers ? 
Just watched the Movie < PROPFEMALE > about the < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPMALE > System and it just destroyed me . I can't wait till the day that I can start adopting older < PROPMALE > kids 
I want to play ultimate frisbee 
OK I have a Ultimate Frisbee game on Friday at 7 . Does anyone want to come and play ? there are all skill leves that play . 
I just saw the real estate book that I need to learn and Yowzer its alot of information . 
I really love < PROPFEMALE > , I really really do . I pray that God would Continue to bless her and protect her and what she stands for . 
I am coming home for a week !! I will be in Maine August 20th -27th ! < PROPFEMALE > lets have fin haha 
is aimlessly wandering around the internet looking at absolutly nothing . Maybee it is time to go to bed early 
I slept so well last night it was amazing . I am really loving this new workout program I am doing . If anyone wants to join me let me know . I will be at the 4th ave gym 7 days a week . I just want to see how far I can push myself . I forgot how importan 
\There are plenty of difficult obstacles in your path . Don't allow yourself to become one of them . \ " - < PROPMALE > Marston \ " Being defeated is often a temporary condition . Giving up is what makes it permanent . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > vos Savant " 
just spent all morning updating the website . Check it out . www.seanallen.com 
The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground 
I just talked to 3 Wheeler's at once and let me tell you That was a unique experience haha . I am still a bit dizzy haha 
hmmm that was a fun wind storm 
This is not good I can't fall asleep I am not even a bit sleepy and I have a early morning . ugh 
Wants to understand why for the last few days I have been so closely tailgated on my way too and from Work ... My Cars in not that nice , I don't have any < PROPFEMALE > bumper stickers that you would need to get close to read , and I drive about 5 over the speed limi 
Lunch Break Motto for Today : \Tough times don't last . Tough people do . \ " unknown . . . . \ " The man who has no imagination has no wings . \ " - Muhammad < PROPFIRST > " 
For The First time in 9 years I forgot a Swim lesson . I think I am getting to reliant on my Phone Calander . Time to use the old brain again . 
Productive day , Great Worship , Strong Message , Good Night ! 
Some lift up a SHOUT of Praise declaring the truth of what we have ahead of us .. While others may look at their situation and SPEAK Gods promises to themselves with an unshakable HOPE in Gods will . No matter who you are or where you come from or what you 
My phone Broke yesterday and wont fully turn on so I promise I am not ignoring you . Well not ignoring most of yous ' jk 
I am really Loving the progress that I am making at the Gym . In Two Weeks I lost 10lbs of nasty fat but probibly more since Muscle is heavy , gained 100 lbs of strength on Bench making my alltime < PROPMALE > bench now at 300lbs , And Feeling really great ! I wis 
Whew U am Tiard . Teaching some lessons then back to bed . 
I wont have my phone back until two more days so until then no cell for me . 
One Day God better have a big purpose and use for all this . But for tonight I am just hoping to get a few hours of sleep . 
I just realized that I don't have a hobby , I need a hobby . Hey give me some ideas for hobbies \cheep\ " . Happy people have hobbies So I think it is time I have one . " 
VBX = Crazy 
I want to see the VBX day two video . Come on < PROPMALE > Pleeeaase 
Sleep 
I can't decide what games to pay tonight garrr . We realized the games we wanted to play would take too much prep time . 
Whew I am off to play Racketball whoo whoo and Happy Birthday TO my Brother < PROPFIRST > , I will see you on the 20th 
I don't know what to do with the rest of my day ? I am < PROPFEMALE > not good at relaxing . 
Realmente necesito bajar este equipo . Apague la televisión y leer mi libro . haha oh y yo realmente no hablan español . 
Anyone Want to Go to phoenix on either the 20th or the 27th . I need to get to and from the airport ... Ill pay for your gas 
Today is my terrible horrible very bad no good day 
Going to Lunch .. Not so much for Food but for my Sanity . 
I love the times that I am down and out , Tested and almost destroyed . Because It makes the times like now , the triumphant times , the times of flowing in Gods Grace and Peace and Will < PROPFEMALE > much sweeter . Circumstance and life tell me that I am a damaged soul destined for mediocrity , not worth a dime to throw , But just as you begin to believe it God swoops in and speaks Truth . God's so crazy ! 
6 more days till Maine 
I've got nothing planned today . Anyone want to do something ? 
I miss my M4 and M2 , But certinly not missing my Flak , or Chinese field days , ahh memories 
3 Days Till I get to eat Dunkin Donuts bagels and Green Mtn Coffee from any Gas Station . And Red Hotdogs , Perhaps even a < PROPFEMALE>'s Dog and A Whoopie Pie For Sure . Fresh Atlantic Ocean Air , The Nicest mean people on earth and then of Course Friends and Family . 
Two Days till Amatos real Italians , Towns that are not even big enough to have names and just get a number , Till A state that has 4,613 islands . until perfect corn chowda ' , and thick Downeast accents . 
Sometimes I wish I could be in all places at all times and all things to all people . But I guess for Now I will leave that up to God haha 
OK I am on the East Coast Currently in < PROPFEMALE > 
Ok I Will be sleeping at Grandmas tonight then off to Maine in the Morning , We don't have the internet at my house so Have fun talking amongst ' yourselves . 
I have never laughed as hard in years as I did at the reunion this weekend . Gosh I love < PROPFEMALE > Lake people ! Thanks For making my year so far . 
You Know there becomes a point in your life that the place where you spent 18 years growing up becomes no longer your home but where your parents live . It is kind of sad . 
Good Day at the Beach . Good Supper , And it is 9pm and I am ready for bed . 
Back to Work . Anyone need a rental I have a few available . 
must go to bed now . wicked tiard . 
OK I am going through everything I own And have two pairs of Paints I don't think I have ever worn , And they are not my size . Anyone want them . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Pinstripe Black flat front size 30X32 and Apt 9 Black pinstripe size Size 32X32 let me know if you want them 
Watchin ' ABDC 
I am exhausted I moved to my new diggs last night now to unpack ugh 
Some days Acting like a Christian aught to is not so easy . I got so mad my hands were shaking but I tamed my tongue and resisted the urge to smash the phone against the desk as the other guy continued yelling and carrying on . Trust me that would not have been my reaction a few years ago So I guess I am growing 
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free , in a state of civilization , it expects what never was and never will be . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - 
Ultimate Fisbee tonight at Kennedy Park All are invited . it is a lot of fun . Bring a white shirt and a dark shirt and lots of water . 7pm at Kennedy see you there 
I love to discuss heavy controversial topics . I think it opens minds and keeps me thinking . 
Needs something to to Today . 
Still boared hungry and complaining , I would clean but there is nothing left to clean . I would read my book but I left it at work , so I guess there is always TV 
What to do What to do 
All I want to do is just lay out in the sun , But I guess teaching Swimming lessons will have to do for now , just not nearly as relaxing . 
How is it Wednesday already ? Wow well there is WACA tonight and the season opener for softball tonight ! 
Here is a lesson . If you lie to me and then annoy me then go behind my back I will fire You . 
I love Jesus , I love My Church , I love mashed potatoes , I love my Job , and I love my Mom 
I like to make people laugh . Not much is better . Some things are better but not many things are 
Ultimate Frisbee Tonight at AWC 8pm be there and bring lots of water ! You don't need to be amazing to play there are players off all levels both Guys and Girls . 
Can't wait for Church in the morning !! I can feel it Worship is going to be very sweet and strong ! 
I just picked up the new < PROPFIRST > Brown Book The Lost Symbol . I am very excited to read it , so if you don't hear from me for a few days it is because my nose will be buried in this book 
The Proper role of Government is to protect equal rights , NOT provide equal things 
Only 58 More Days until the Champion City Run . If you are not training yet you better start very soon , I plan to win the whole thing so I'll see you slowpokes at the finish line ... 
I'm so imbarrased that that the Office of the President has not taken any steps to turn the water back on in Fresno County , Since when does < PROPFEMALE > Deny its citizens water , and from that the right to work , the right to food , People are starving , Many people loosing their property . Can you beleve this is < PROPFEMALE > . This makes me sick 
On my way to buy the ingredients for three pies and then Off to Ultimate Frisbee . Wish me luck because I am NOT a good baker , but practice makes perminant right 
Its a lot of work to bake 
I can't wait for Dinner Tonight 
The Best is Yet to Come ! I can't wait ' till the new year . Of Couse Champion's New year starts in October . So I guess in essence Mega Prayer Night is the official Adios to last year and the introduction to the new year . So lets kick off the new year the right way , lets do it God's way ! 
As the body of Christ , we have the capacity to limit or enhance God's purpose across the earth . As believers we have an awesome responsibility to represent Christ to the world through the lifestyle we live . Don't sabotage that opportunity with behaviour that contradicts this body we represent . 
Just Dropped my Pants off at the Dry Cleaners so I can look Spiffy for MEGA PRAYER NIGHT this Sat . 
Just Got Back From Punk'n 
So blessed to be apart of this 
Yup simply amazing 
I'm so proud of the CYC team , I don't think I have ever seen such strong character or whatever it takes attitude from a group of People let alone Youth . I pray you all get a very good night of sleep because you deserve it . 
Whoa I have seen 6 Leap Years 
Can't Sleep , I hate not being able to sleep 
It turns out there are like no 24hr laundry mats in town they all close at like 8ish 
whew i am feeling sleepy so good night all 
Yeah so my brain has been a bit bad for a week but today tops it . I poured bleach in my Colored Laundry , I was 100% sure that it was the white load . sheesh 
TGIF good thing I have a mtn of work to accomplish so today should fly by . 
Ultimate Frisbee Where : AWC Soccer/ Practice Football Field When : 1900 hrs ( 7:00 PM ) , Friday , 2 October 2009 What to Bring : Yourself , Water , a dark shirt and a light shirt Cheers 
FYI I just got back from the humaine society , and there is alot of puppies that need to be adopted . they are all either Shepards or Labs . I really want to get one but I havent \yet\ " I was just dropping off wet food because they were almost out . " 
I am a proud father of a 9 week old shepard/pointer . she is < PROPFEMALE > cute . Any one have a baby gate so I can keep her in the kitchen untill she gets used to the puppy pads 
Ok I have settled on a name ...... Her name is Marana 
I'm so proud of my puppy in one day she learned that inside is not a good place to do her business , She is responding to the training session we had yesterday and is doing very well 
I now realize that though I may have great < PROPFEMALE > with children I do not have < PROPFEMALE > with animals . My dog has got to learn to relax in the kennel the problem is how to train her to stop barking . if worse comes to worse I will have to het a citrinella coller 
I don't feel good at all ... 
I have mixed feelings , It is Snowing Back home today , And I love the snow , but it is a perfect day here I have the office door open and the breeze is blowing . ahhh I can't wait to go to Flag Staff and big bear A LOT this winter who wants to come with me ? 
I want to pick some apples and make pink applesauce and eat it yumm 
Farmville is so yesterday 
Well My Puppy grew by 3 pounds in two weeks ... oh my they grow up so fast . 
I want to cook a big dinner but the only problem is I have no idea when I will have a free night to do so , wow my life is busy but totally worth it . 
I hate Puppies Enough Said ! 
OK I like Puppies again haha 
KABUL – Eight American troops were killed in two separate bomb attacks Tuesday in southern Afghanistan , making October the deadliest month of the war for U.S. forces since the 2001 invasion to oust the Taliban . Pray for the troops and the Families and for Our Commander and Chief to Get his head out of the sand and make some decisions . 
In this life I will stand , through my joy my my pain knowing theres a greater day , theres a hope that never fails . 
My dog is Brilliant , in just 2 takes she learned how to use the Door < PROPFEMALE > to tell me she needs to go potty . Yayy no accidents today 
I want to have a fall dinner , I'm thinking spiral cut < PROPFEMALE > Ham , Biscuts , Mashed potatoes , squash , frshly made warm pink applesauce and then Hot mulled apple cider and apple crisp for desert , sooo anyone want to cook this and invite me over hint hint 
Does anyone want to go to an Auction on November 7th ? I need a Auction Partner 
Is it ok to sware at Satan ? because I just told him to eff off in the middle of my private worship set haha I am sure glad that God has a sence of humor . 
It is confusing when what you believe and what you think do not match up ... 
I want a < PROPFEMALE > Dog so bedly , With the sauce mayo and celery salt Yumm , ohh I am home sick for Maine Food . 
Ultimate Frisbee Tonight wuuhuu 
Im Excited that I just made my first investment for BMS enterprises . I will have them up on Ebay tomorow afternoon ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARINES !!! 234 years just fly by huh 
BIRDY BIRDY IN THE SKY DROPPED A LITTLE WHITE WASH IN MY EYE I AINT NO SISSY , I WON'T CRY I'M JUST GLAD THAT COWS DON'T FLY --- Happy Birthday Marines ! 
I really want to stop being sick at least one day prior to running a half marathon . This is getting old 
Does anyone have a small ipod or something that I could borrow for the half marathon tomarow , Mine just died 
Wow I feel like I was in a fight from the past two days . I ran the Champion Half Marathon , time wasn't great but not to bad considering I was sick , I recieved my new jeans in the mail and got a book from my mom all in one day , now I am going to try to nap again , I wasent successfull the first try haha 
Feels < PROPFEMALE > much better now , The Cause was so worth running 13 < PROPMALE > for . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes , it was strange but good , a half marathon , four services , a funeral , CYC . I am glad you all kept me busy because the people I wanted to see most are 3000 < PROPMALE > away , but My Champion family kept me so busy and wished a happy birthday so much that I never even had time to feel sad for myself haha No but thanks all . 
Do doo do do do do 
I hate having a sinus infection and not having health insureance rrrrrr ok Now back to work 
Is anyone Going to Mexico in the next few days ? I need to pick up a Zpack 
Yeah so I got in my car and immediately thought that it got broken into because both the Windshield wiper lever and the turn signal were pushed down , and there were a couple things not where I left them but after realizing that the only thing missing was the Soft Dog treats that were extracted by ripping a hole in the center of the ziplock I do believe that I am the victim of a CAT burgular haha 
Ugh I need to get my car fixed today anyone know of a good mechanic 
I wish that Money grew on trees , or in our case on Cactus 
Anyone Going to the baloon festival tonight . I'm going to go but dont want to be the third wheel 
I'm free of the fear of tomorow , I'm free from the guilt of the past , ohh I'm trading my shackles for a glorious song , I'm free praise the Lord , free at last . I'm free from the guilt that I < PROPFEMALE > , from this old empty life I'm set free , from when I found Jesus He made me complete , He forgot that foolish man I used to be , I'm free praise the Lord , Free at last . 
Il est temps d'aller dormir maintenant . Bonne nuit 
Today I am thankfull for good friends , an amazing family an my cute but ornery doggy 
Watching the biggest loser , I love watching people achieving thier goals 
Today I am thankfull for , The way Milk tastes when you finish your fruit loops , for Fabreeze for when my dog you knows , Ball point Gel Pens so I can write smoothly , For being blessed to be born in live in < PROPFEMALE > because its the best , for Sunglasses so I don't have to squint , and for grass because walking on weeds in barefeet hurts 
Do you ever have Dreams that are so Acton Packed that you wake up exausted ?.. I just had one , I will tell you it was better than a movie but man o man I feel like I did everythig . I was a secret spy locked up in a foreign prision but kept escaping in these crazy ways . 
Getting ready to take off to the Dunes . 
Had a great night at the Dunes , Now I am eating Pancakes and Drinking Dr Pepper , yup a good night 
It is amazing how a brand new Sound Board can make my blood pressure lower when I am setting up Sound in the new Kidz Church haha , Back to finish up in about an hour 
Lets Go Patriots ! 
Interesting address to the nation , I think I will listen to it next time I can't fall asleep at night , I am not fired up to win this war , The idea that the Afgan's can take control of their country in 18 months just may the funiest joke that I have heard in a long time , but I'm not laughing . oh man I guess it is mega prayer time , we need a miracle , I am tiard of loosing my friends and Brothers 
Ugh , sigh , rrr 
I want to go to Disney World So Bad 
Oh what a beautiful morning , oh what a beautifull day I've got a wonderful feeling ... Sorry I can't think of a funny next line , help me out will ya .. 
I have lost my < PROPFEMALE > with my dog this morning , I have got to take her to the Dog Park , After that Is her dog bed gets finished drying , For like and Hour I have been cleaning , the Kennel , the Pllow and the dog , and now she wants to play , The man who decided it was necessary to Fertilize the grass well rue the day when I see him next 
God is so faithful to those who earnestly and diligently seek him ! 
I need a hair Cut , Any Ideas ? Ok Back to work from this Micro Break 
My Puppy is getting her Tubes Tied Todah ... I wish there was a way to do it where they did not have to slice her open 
I piked Marana up from the vet and she still can't walk , she is looking at me like do something I feel weard and it is just killing me , So I put her in the kennel and walked away 
And well sure whatever i guess 
Having a Lazy Saturday 
I am not working as fast as I want to because my eyes are having trouble focusing , so why I had to tell you all that is a mystery , but oh well , Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to the 10th Power 
Painting fake stone buildings all day , I gota say they look pretty darn good . 
Jesus is Born is so over the top this year , the set is amazing hopefully just one more day of painting and we should be done , I can't wait to see the faces of all the first time visitors as they sit in stadium seating for thousands and see a wrap around massive georgous set , talented actors and amazing volenteers . 
This Christmas don't forget the troops , The Sponsor Program that I work with just got a massive influx of < PROPFEMALE > s that need to be adopted that just set foot in Afganistan . If you can , and 98% of us can go to this site and adopt a < PROPFEMALE > , I can personally tell you that it makes a massive difference to be sponsored and know that people besides your close family and friends care . www.AdoptaHero.us 
I had a horable dream last night , and I woke up and my elbow was bleeding , strange huh 
I feel Like poo poo platter oh well I'll take some meds and off to OPENING NIGHT 
JIB was crazy , wow 
Hey all Come to the Dog park at 1 today . OK Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
Fun at the dog park , Marana is exausted , she just came home got a drink and klunked out in her kennel . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Ya'll 
Earthquake ahhhh 
Well I can't wait for 2010 
When I rang in 2000 Ten years ago I would have been in the pool for 3 hrs then the weight room for one ate no fried food or soda and still relying on my mom or brother to drive me around . Well I can drive now and don't swim much and eat fried food and drink soda so maybe I need to revert back some focus from 10 years ago Happy new year haha 
I have a big smile on my face now thanks to memories from people like < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > , and others . Life is < PROPFEMALE > great when you take time out to laugh a little or in our case alot 
Nothing is better to kick off the new year than running a 5k and placing well it wasn't a pb but I've never ran a race that was half uphill either . 
Calling all running buddies anyone interested in making a team to run the reach the beach relay a 200 mile race broken up into 36 legs with a maximum team size of 12 . It is in September in NH . Also a 190 mile one in may in < PROPFEMALE > . I think it would be fun serious runners only though . 
I had an amazing night , Its been a long time since I felt this way ahhh 
OK so my dog does not knock the trash can over to get in it , she carefully and silently opens the lid , piles up stuff to get higher then reaches inside and pulls just one piece then shuts the lid , oh my I am in trouble with this one 
I am stoked out of my mind right now !!! I just was offered an amazing week with outward bound veterans program , dogsledding etc in Montana all expences paid . I got to get more cold weather gear I think 
Stoked and will remain that way till the end of the month !! 
Wow I had a really great workout today !! 
Woke up because of a bad odor comming from the dog's kennel , Took a look and confirmed , something definately exploded in there , yuck 
Dog Park , Soccer and who knows what else the day holds in store ! 
Well I give in , I'm a bit sick , so no gym today , me and my sick doggy will chill together . 
Off to Bed , Hope I'm not sick in the morning 
So I'm on Lunch and watching the news , aparently same sex marrage is a threat to the environmnt according to the Pope ... what a load of crock . 
< PROPFEMALE > num a mum do doo do do do do < PROPFEMALE > num a mum 
OUTWARD BOUND Trip in T minus 10 Days !!! 
It's WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! Change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !!! Copy and paste this into your status and lets see how we all were WAYBACK ! 
ELY Minnesota today is 23° F Feels Like : 12° F Wind : From NW at 12mph gusting to 22mph , Only 9 More days till I get to freeze my Hinney off ! 
ah so bored , Lets go do something 
I so Love dancing around at Champion Kidz Church , Great leaders , crazy kidz , not to much can be better . 
OK so I was just rehearsing for Mega prayer night and it was amazing , MPN on Friday is going to be insaine if just running through the songs was this powerful 
Whew I just apologized to someone that I have needed to for a long time , about the way I have thought about them and spoke about them , It was hard to do since my pride kept getting in the way but now I feel like a weight has been lifted off my heart , Thank You Jesus . 
3 More Days till I get to jump into an Icy lake for an Ice Rescue Class , ahhh 
I think it is Funny that when it Rains in AZ , it is an Emergency , Closes Schools , and it is the farmers enemy . I just find it ironic because where I grew up we would still have to go to school even with the roads covered in Snow and Ice , We just drove slower , or skied to school or church . 
Wow my expectation for tonight has transfered to a feeling I can not explain other than fearfull . Fearfull Of God and his presence , this is a very good thing . See you tonight at Mega Prayer Night 
Wow what a great night .. Well to all my facebook friends I will be unreachable for the next week , no internet , no phone , no nothing , Just me and nature and a bunch of crazy dogs dogsledding in MN . Hopefully I will not freeze to death . chao 
I'mmm Baaack , Got home very early this morning , It was a totally life changing trip ... Hopefully I can get my nag today since it was lost last night . 
I would like to thank < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , Peanut , chevy , pirate , buckweat , < PROPFEMALE > , cirus , < PROPMALE > , tank , meatloaf and my favorate anti socal dog for a great week . I can't wait to hopefully see you this summer ... 
Just found an old hand written letter from a family friend that survived and escaped the genocide in Cambodia , And I am once again outraged and inspired to spread the word that you must not rely on Schools to feed u all the knowlwdge you think you need . Do your own reasearch expcially in History . During my lifetime there was a massive genocide and If it wasn't for this man sharing I would have never known . 
Doing accounting to the groove of the office next to us freestyling some amazing jazz music with a tenor sax , bass guitar and vocals , it is making my afternoon fun . 
Does anyone want to go to the Renissance Faire on Saturday Afternoon after City Care ? I have an extra ticket ... 
so the renissance faire is not so good , But Hey they had a whole lead tea booth so that was good 
Must sleep 
My life is too Busy , I have a lot of Needed things to do with no time to do them . 
Well The day has come , I need to find a new home for Marana ASAP , She is a 7 month old < PROPMALE > Short Hair Pointer/Shepard Mix , She is Potty/crate trained , Knows Many commands , very social great with kids and other pets . Spayed with all her shots and she is micro chipped . She would love a backyard to run in and another dog to play with . Please help Marana Out Thanks 
Yeah so this woman came in to pick up a key , when she left she dropped a itty bitty little black thong on the floor in front of my desk . I can not wait to tease her when she comes back to return the key . LMAO 
This season of Survivor is AMAZING !!! 
I Love the Olympics !!! Lets Go USA 
WOW I am looving the opening cerimonies , SOOO Artistic and creative . 
hmmm , I am sad and happy at the same time . Marana is on her trial run with her new home , Happy because it is a perfect fit . Hopefully all goes well and she fits right in . 
Making Turkey Chilli , MMM < PROPFEMALE > good . If anyone is hungry come over as I will be eating it for a few days I think . 
Wow man Foreigner was amazing tonight , Sounded just like the old records haha 
Whew , What a great workout , Had a good weigh in . I love progress 
gosh I hate cooking for one , but at least there is no pressure when I experiment like tonight 
OK I admit it , I have a crush on < PROPFIRST > Vonn 
I think that it is rediculous that people look at me strange when I am dancing and goovin along to my Ipod at the Gym , I mean it makes the workouts so much better , I think they are secretly jelous that they don't have the balls to groove out as well , But hey it makes people smile and makes me feel good so I aint stopping . 
My Bike is in the shop today , hoping they can finish it . If so does anyone want to go on a Mtn Bike run somewhere in the desert on Sat ? 
Going on a road trip , no idea to where , See yall at church tomorow , it just may not be 1st service haha 
Whew USA ! Good night 
\It is the sin of the soul to force young people into opinions - indoctrination is of the devil - but it is culpable neglect not to impel young people into experiences . \ " < PROPMALE > Hahn " 
Ok Orcas are Wild Animals , They are at the very top of the Ocean Food Chain , I think they are amazing creatures to observe but by no means do I think they should have to preform tricks and shows for audiences . Basic behaviors for medical checks \ok\ " but Another attack at SeaWorld Haven't we gotten the picture yet . " 
The Guys on American Idol are so much stronger than the girls this year ... 
I freakin love short track speedskating , and chapstick 
How can you have an absolutly horable couple weeks and a absolutly amazing couple weeks at the same time . I'm so confused , So I am just going to try to like the good and forget the bad lol 
I wish it was beach season ... I could use a day at the beach 
USA GOLD in the 4 Man Bobsled wewwheww 
Whew , Just fully paid off a credit card . A little bit more to go until financial freedom . 
I don't want to be anything other than what I've been trying to be lately , All I have to do is think of me and I have peace of mind , I'm tired of looking ' round rooms wondering what I've got to do or who I'm supposed to be , I don't want to be anything other than me 
Wow I just followed through on declining my dream job of 9 Years , It sucks being an adult sometimes . But I have total peace about this decision , and I have no doubt that this is the right decision . But I am not going to lie I am a little bummed out . 
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands , and then work outward from there . < PROPFIRST > M . Pirsig 
Wow singing in the morning , it feels like it has been years lol . 
Sigh , but a very good sigh , ahhh 
\It is better to create than to be learned ; creating is the true essence of life . \ " -Barthold Georg Niebuhr " 
Just Paid off my Xterra , weww haa praise God ! 
I want to go mtn Biking this afternoon . Anyone want to go ? 
Wow my back is killing me , Wish someone would give me a massage ... 
Hey If you are a blackberry user can you send me your BBM pin if you uses Blackberry messenger . Thanks 
Kiss me I'm < PROPFEMALE > .. Happy Sat < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! 
I think it is time to start planning a beach bash ... 
Need a roomate , we have 1 more room available in a house we want to rent . Lookin at mid April to move . Let me know asap 
\It is the weak who are cruel . Gentleness can only be expected from the strong . \ " < PROPFIRST > Roston " 
I'm in the mood to write some really good music , I'm in that frame of mind . 
Does anyone want to see green zone at 9:50 ? 
Watching the Marrage Reff yay 
I got a Hair Cut and look Mighty Fine , Look out ladies Single < PROPMALE > is Back 
I need something to do till 10 .... 
UnderCover Boss is on now Yay I love this show 
I miss Europe , I think it is time to plan a vacation there , I think this trip I will fly UPS , anyone want to get box and come with me ? 
Just an update the war is not over yet , I know that is surprising to many people . Keep them in your minds and prayers . Here are the stats as of Today ... OFFICIAL DoD COUNT OF : Troops Killed in Iraq : 4377 Killed in Afghanistan : 1018 Wounded in Action : 36757 
Having a great day at work , I love when I can make the boss man some money and make the owners happy ... 
Big Request .. Does anyone have a car that I could borrow this friday to drive to PHX and back I have very important Dr. Appt at 3pm . Or if anyone wanted to go to PHX that would work too I guess . My car is good in town but would not make the trip to PHX 
FYI I go to the best church in the world ... 
So Aparently I am getting redeployed just got called back up , and this girl I was seeing on the weekends is Pregnant , and I am now alergic to anything whole grain . 
Happy Easter . Church is going to be amazing today . are you all here . 
wow that was a big and long earthquake . now is time for aftershocks yay . 
Wow that humungo Cross at church survived yesterday . I thought for sure it would have fell , but it is still standing . 
I prayed for a check to come in the mail , and sure enough one came . it was not as much as I prayed for but Just enough to cover what I needed . Thank You Jesus 
I can't wait till the day that I can help all the Homeless people I meet . But for today I feel blessed to have been able to help even just one man . 
its time to be THE HANDS OF JESUS . we need baby formula and diapers in a bad way for the victims of the earthquake ... Champion is doing a food , toiletries , and water drive .... please take all items to the church ... we'll make sure it gets where it needs to go ... thanks so much ! 
I am going to bed EARLY tonight . Now I can not promise I will fall asleep though . 
six flags yeah baby 
reliant k concert with friends . < PROPFEMALE > good . 
So excited I am moving tomorow to my own apartment ... I feel so grown up lol 
I really wished I had a piano so that when I get my late night song ideas I could actually do something with them . Oh well . If anyone has a quality digital piano for sale let me know . 
< PROPFEMALE > boared 
oh ick I feel sick . 
To poke a wood fire deep in the < PROPMALE > under the stars is more solid enjoyment than almost anything else in the world . 
word to the wise . don't pick your nose right after eating spicy doretos 
Oh my gosh get me atta here !! 
yay I got a new radiator now I can drive my car again 
Anyone want to go yard saling with me in the morning , I have to buy a few things for my apartment and will not pay full price at a store ... 
I have some AMAZING friends . You know who you all are 
anyone want to go to the movies 
I can not wait till the laundry is done so I can take a nap 
Wow It is hard to plan Sat Nights having to be up early and fresh at 5am on Sunday , But man when even one person accepts Christ on Sunday it is totally worth it because not only is it one life saved but possibly the destinies of thousands or millions of others behind them . 
What is the barametric pressure It feels like my head is going explode ... 
Wow I have a < PROPMALE > Headache , I hope it goes away before tonight for MY CHAMPION and WACA 
I'm doing one of the worst cleanup jobs I have ever done so bad I puked but happy to do it blessed to have a job . 
Hey it is Arbor day so after work I am going to find a tree and hug it . I think you should too . 
let's do something tonight 
if the check out is 20 items or less it doesent mean 20 or 70 items . u love how considerate people are 
fun at the river and think I got a lil sunburn oh well 
Ick I ate way too much Bacon for dinner , but it sure tasted great at the time 
Not having a good day , need Some creative solutions to stramline and organize some areas , This is like never ending ahhhh 
Thank you God for giving me creative solutions , I prayed you answered ! Now God help me to impliment these solutions properly . 
I was surprised of how many good singers we have at Champion , Auditions were fun . One thing that surprised me was how everyone was trying to eliminate their uniqueness of their voice . Embrace the special quarks that make you , unique and different . I love all of your raspyness or accents or different interpritations . Don't be so quick to think that different is bad because many times different is AMAZING . 
what a day what a day what a day 
chilling by the pool 
watching < PROPFEMALE > white on snl 
God is so good so faithfull he protects and loves me . Thank you for never leaving me and even when I mess up you still hold me and let me know I am going to be allright . 
\Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all\ " Sister < PROPFEMALE > Keller " 
\The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience 
broke my healthy food diet so what the heck I going to in and out after cyc . haha 
survivor finale . and Ms USA whew good TV tonight haha 
Ugh I have a church hangover ... 
He that is faithful in a very little is faithful also in much : and he that is unrighteous in a very little is unrighteous also in much . < PROPMALE > 16:10 With what's going on now , It is more than any time before time to step it up . Whether it be in personal responsibility , stewartship , attitudes , or relationships . I believe right now it's make it or break it time ... So lets make it exceedingly above all expectations . 
I love my running shoes , they are ugly as heck but help me run like zip zow zoommmm 
I need a Triathlon partner .. For this season . Any takers ? 
Am I crazy to want to go running right now it is like 100 degrees haha 
I just threw a bunch of eggs in the air and they all fell right into place . I love it when things work that way . 
But He said to me , My grace ( My favor and loving-kindness and mercy ) is enough for you ; for My strength and power are made perfect and show themselves most effective in [ your ] weakness . Therefore , I will all the more gladly < PROPFEMALE > in my weaknesses and infirmities , that the strength and power of Christ may rest upon me ! 
Doing a BPO for a bank and one of the selling points could be a you know your a redneck joke .. Here it goes . You know if your a redneck if the best feature about your house for sale is that it is near WalMart . 
At Church Still Doing lighting , It will be ready for Sunday morning but not sure if I will lol 
church is amazing today ... as usual 
Hey I just got word by the organization I am associated with that in Camp Leatherneck Afghanistan there was a massive fire and a little over 100 Marines and Sailors have basicly lost everything . Personal items , sanitary items entertainment items etc . If you would like to send a care package I will get you the address or if it is easier for you I can gather things and will send them up . Thanks < PROPMALE > 
\Failure can be divided into those who thought and never did and those who did and never thought . \ " \ 
\A man should never be ashamed to say he has been wrong 
I hate growing my hair out ... But I am being obediant to my pastors lol 
Here is a GREAT quote !! \ 
\A failure is not always a mistake . It may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances . The real mistake is to stop trying . \ " \ 
I am cutting onions and crying like a baby . the only thing better would be if the notebook was playing in the backround haha 
My neck hurts < PROPFEMALE > bad , I think I need a chiropractor or massage . 
Wow I guess I really was exausted yesterday and I set a personal record for sleep . I slept yesterday from 6pm till 7:30 am but now I am feeling < PROPFEMALE > much better . I guess sometimes the body needs to restart . 
\It's cool to be a dork \"" 
wow glorified was amazing . I have no idea what to do now tonight . lol . 
Champion is now on TV < PROPFEMALE > cool . 
every muscle in my body is sore from my swim workout today and boy oh boy its a great feeling to be back at it again . 
well I got my swimmers appitite again I hope my body responds the same way as it used to otherwise I'm going to be big haha 
Well you know when you are in training when your life revolves around color coded water bottles and just how many you have to drink lol White = Water , Red = Recovery Drink Blue = Preworkout protein . 
There are Basicly two types of people , Those who say they Can and those who say they Can't . . . You can quit and they wont care but You will always know . 
< PROPFEMALE > any plans tonight . please say yes so I don't have to go for a run lol . 
well off to donate blood . ick I hate needles but love saving lives . 
Church is amazing as usual so get your butt out of bed . grab a friend and get over here . 
Thanks so much for the people that continuously have to remind me that I have a bum shoulders and a bad knee , because of you all day my shoulder has killed me but despite you I had an amazing workout in the pool and look forward to my tempo run tonight . So please don't remind me of the past I am looking forward and have goals to accomplish . 
A winner is a loser who was willing to fail and get up , fail and get up , fail and get up , fail and get up and win - < PROPFIRST > Zafra 
\The race isn't over until you cross the finish line . You'll be surprised at how much can change in the last twenty strides . \ " --- < PROPFIRST > Dugall " 
Ugh slow run this morning , I hate running on gravel it slows me down < PROPFEMALE > much . Hopefully the swim will be faster . I wish I had a training partner to motivate me on the my Run's and Swim's and Bike's .... 
Wow ok now I am an Adult , I now have health insurance lol 
Great mtn bike ride out at castledome 
Church is going to be amazing today . Anointed worship , heaven written message , and great people gathered . Happy Fathers Day ! 
It's really hard to paint a mural when you can't find the canvis . 
well my feet are still Painted Blue and Green , and my sandals are still glittery ahh the things I do for our Champion Kidz .. 
One timid faithful knock resounds upon the Rock of Ages\ 
One trembling heart and soul becomes a servant bold and courageous 
I have a hankering for a < PROPFEMALE>'s Hotdog with a Scoop of Moosetracks Ice cream From < PROPFIRST>'s and a Whoopie Pie from Big G's to Finish it off .. 
Day Three of VBX , lets see if I can get Hypothermia three days in a row lol 
I think it is time for a camping trip maybe in flagstaff or somewhere cooler . Anyone want to give it a go sometime in the next couple months ? 
some nights all you want to do is build a campfire boil some drinking water and make campfire doughnuts . this is one of those nights . oh well bowling will have to do lol . 
I love how advice colums say to pour vinegar on a jellyfish sting . who the heck brings a bottle of vinegar to the beach ? 
what's crackin let's do somethin ya daa da da 
Listening to the new Hills Album as I am paying bills at work . 
I think I may be part fish . But I pray I don't smell like one . 
Boredom has its benefits . So does solitude , that lost < PROPMALE > in the age of wall-to-wall media . To occasionally be alone – not lonely , but alone . 
Here is a question Facebookers If you could be anything in in the world Job wise what would you do , if money education etc were not a factor . Choose two Jobs 
< PROPFEMALE > la San < PROPMALE > ! 
Wow I'm blessed for sure . I spend my life to know and I'm far from close to all you are , the greatness of our God ! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > ! Happy Independence Day . 
Sitting watching the waves crash . This never gets old . 
I still have the San < PROPMALE > Surf in my brain ,,, this is no bueno I have lots of work to do .. 
Why Am I Craving an Ice Cold Moxie ?? I hate Moxie . 
Why don't they make great shows like I loVe < PROPFEMALE > , bewitched , < PROPFEMALE > and ones like it anymore . 
Living so far from home is very hard when you have friends that need comfort and encouragement back home . Lord I pray that you would send your Spirit to touch and comfort them , That you would put the right people in their paths and keep wrong people away . Thank you for being a Caring , Loving Omnipresent God . 
watching the deadliest catch last episode with < PROPMALE > and I am bummed out . 
< PROPFEMALE > sweepy 
is it August Yet ?? 
watching big brother and it is good ood ood 
Well I got a lotto ticket yesterday and I am positive that I am going to win 66 million tonight in the drawing , I'm full of faith Yes I am . How would you spend your 66 Million I have mine all planed out ? 
if you want to know what it feels like to be in Iraq just go out side yuma 114 then have little to no AC and be wearing 60 pounds of gear . ugg I literally walked outside and had a flashback 
connect night baby . 
just finished journaling . I have been journaling for 6 years and this is the most impactful and incredible entry I have ever written . maybe oneday I will open it up to everyone but not yet . 
not sure what to do today . 
ugh I have blisters on both my heals , it made me mad I had to stop my run early . Luckily the < PROPFEMALE > Corps taught me a cool trick to cover over blisters and still operate at 100 percent . So tomorrow I will not be defeated by my shinny shoes from hell lol . 
So my mom randomly gives me a History Lesson of all the Tap dancers From my family dating back to the 1800's ... We are not a normal family who knows the hobbies of great great great grandparents lol 
Cleaning Up my profile a bit , so don't get hurt if I delete you or untag myself in photos . If we are really friends just requst me again . Thanks 
I miss my < PROPMALE > Ruxpin . kids today with their gameboys don't know what they are missing . 
I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something year old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , < PROPFIRST > Miller 22 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These service men gave their lives for you this week . 
I am so Excited for the future I can not even begin to Express how Confident and excited I am for what is to come . It has been a LOOOONG time coming . 
where is everyone I need to < PROPFEMALE > out with some champions tonight and no one is answering texts . 
waiting for people to come and eat . I have a feeling I made way to much 
8 days < PROPFEMALE > exited 
very very frustrated and stressed I'm going home and getting in bed . 
Two Nights in a week I can not sleep and it is too late to take sleeping meds . I hate this crud 
work work work 
I love work of < PROPMALE > allthough I honestly think I could do better < PROPMALE > than a few of them lol . 
It has been < PROPFEMALE > long since I have written an Essay . This should be interesting . 
Did I really Just mention cleaning up dog poop in my college essay , ahh yes , yes I did . 
In one week I will be playing Croquet at Grandma's house . ahh I can't wait . 
I could really use a nice warm pice of Cornbread right about now and some corn Chowda ' and some apple pie , and a whoopie pie , and a red hotdog ... Can you tell I have not eatten today 
hey if you are looking for a job there are help wanted signs up at ronnies pizza FYI 
You know what going after your dreams is a scary thing . But standing still and letting them pass you by is down right frightening . 
while you were sleeping I worked for 4 hours getting my oil changed and tires rotated so booya to a productive morning . 
why does it take panda so long to serve the drive through it is a buffet just scoop and go . oh and cyc was good but man am I ever getting old my ears hurt lol . 
It's shark week on discovery and I'm excited ! 
For you and you alone awake my soul and sing . For the world you love let your will be done in me . I hear your voice and this is mine awaken me . only you can raise a life from the darkness . Like the rising sun that shines awake my soul . 
Only dead fish go with the flow 
16 Hours till I start traveling back home . 
at the airport ready to get the hell out of dodge city and back to land where trees and grass grow and the moose play and where life is a lil slower 
in boston going to see a movie at the outdoor theater on the river . 
at ll bean store it is like parsdice 
hey losers who are not at the reunion get your butts over here you missed the cheese cutting . 
finished the 10k run on the georgous Maine coast with a bad time but hey I finished 
Interesting looking at photos of this week I smile really really big and a lot when I'm in Maine and with my Maine friends and family . Just an observation . 
Having such a good vacation .. Getting to see great lifelong friends and family does a soul good 
in Vermont its like stepping back in time but oh < PROPFEMALE > nice 
Well my day went from Great to horrible . Its crazy how one small email can change everything ... 
getting on a plane again and I'm not stoked about it . 
well we have sat on the runway for over an hour with no end in site . not a good way to start a 5 he flight . 
Wish I had a VW bus .. It would make life that much sweeter .... 
Ugh I feel like I'm being pulled into half . Really wish god would reveal his will to me plainly and fast . 
the best answer to a specific prayer in my opinion is the one I just got . the Holy Spirit said \ I love you and I am with you\ " . God's great huh " 
Stoked about the future 
Anyone want to have a yard sale on sat morning ? 
the expendables is one of the best movies ice seen in a long time . 
Wants Something delicious for dinner .. 
out of car sale tonight at waca if you want books food processor microwave knives DVD player etc see me at MYCHAMPION tonight to get a bargin all has to go . 
< PROPFEMALE > what's happening tonight ... 
watching an amazing lightning show I have never seen lightning strike so much so fast before 
sureal is how I feel this is so strange . 
great yard sale today . sold everything but 6 books . 
pumpkin spice lattes are back it is time to celebrate whoot whoot 
rise and shine and give God the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > children of the lord . 
Wow what an incredible journey per the past few years . Thank you Champion I love you and can't wait to see you again soon . 
has some amazing friends he is going to miss very much . 
broken down on the side of the road in dateland trying to find a tow to atleast dateland . I guess I will be in yuma another day . 
well that was a fast trip I will be back in yuma shortly not looking forward to the < PROPMALE > once I find out what's wrong . 
< PROPFEMALE > I am probly not leaving until wed my car is in the shop getting a lot of work done . so that's good and bad . but more good than bad 
Wow my < PROPFEMALE > must be really big in God , I make a decision to do something that I have been called to do since I was 17 then when I say I am doing it , all hell breaks loose my car needs well very expensive repairs , Company down sizing , dental stuff , mpvomg all in a two week period . \God take it all please because I can't handle anything more amen\ " Fear will not take a hold over me ! " 
praise God I made it past dateland 
Texas baby . 
oooo Oklahoma where the wind blows gently down the plains . and has badly paved highways 
hello Arkansas 
good morning Memphis 
two weeks ago I told my friends thati would be in huntsville < PROPMALE > at 11 30 am and with 2 days of lost travel time I still arived at 11 29am how do you like them apples . 
ugh I need a miracle and I need it now . just two more days of driving left and need them to be uneventfull 
god has blessed me with a majesticly beauttful morning . 
yay I'm in < PROPFEMALE > ill be here for a bit to help my uncle and aunt move . 
another long drive in the am then a few days in Maine then back to Va and then back to Maine lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Pennsylvania 
new jersey . 
new York city 
Connecticut 
Massachusetts 
new Hampshire 
Maine . 
Happy to just sit and listen to my grandfather talk and talk . it makes him happy and makes me very happy to see him happy and I'm learning stuff too . 
back to < PROPFEMALE > 
Washington D.C in the morning .... Looking forward to it but it is going to me a more somber trip as most of the places I am visiting are not going to be a party lets just say that ... But I am looking forward too it very very much .. 
in DC . now if only I could find some coffee . 
applied for a < PROPFIRST > then realized after submitting it I misspelled a word . darn typos 
I have a job interiew on Tuesday I am excited because I know I'm going to get it . it is to be a youth center coordinator worker guy . for 5th to 12th graders . < PROPFEMALE > pray I get it 
I am just < PROPFEMALE > happy right now I hope everything works out as I think it will . 
driving back to Maine in the am 
about to go in for the interview wish me luck as if I need it lol . 
nailed my interview just have to wait till Friday to hear they hired me . 
So living next to your grandma is great when your hungy but then she feeds you < PROPFEMALE > much that I may now need to work out close to 2 hrs a day just to keep status quo ... lets hope I get the YMCA job so I get a free gym membership lol 
got the job at the teen center ! 
I freakin love my job ! I would do it for free but shhh dont tell my boss that 
so at work today i taught some history , played 4 square , air hockey and jenga and watched the sweet life on disney , pretty good day 
caught in a big traffic jam in one of the most scenic places in maine . i cantreally complain with leaves a million colors and the < PROPMALE > coast 
some people call me the puppit master , seriously not sure how my family emused themselves when i was gone . i set up a puzzle last night got games going today haha 
is praying the rescue of the chilian miners goes as planned , thankfull for the American miners who worked so hard and fast to get to them 
all the miners are out now praise God ! 
i love being on swim team again , i love my coach and i love having a hot girl to share a < PROPFIRST > with ... 
cant wait till morning practice , but hate jumping in the pool at first burr 
I miss my dogsledding peeps . Ahh memories lol 
Hmm the schedule today is gym work pool .. man I need a social life haha but Atleast by next month I should be able to see all my abs again just in time to cover up for a cold winter gosh I'm so backwards 
“That which we are , we are , one equal temper of \ 
heroic hearts . Made weak by time and fate , but strong in will . To \ 
strive , to seek , to find , and not to yield . ” R.W < PROPMALE > 
Maine oh Maine oh how I love thee so ... from the frendly hardy people to the density of trees , and how people bake fresh bread to eat , after hoofing around the world i desided that Maine is the place to be 
perfect fall day expecially with a DD coffee in my hand 
loves the feeling after a hard sat morning swim practice and then the heat of icy hot from my shoulder to elbow lol 
oh ick watching a movie after reading the book is such a letdown , i guess my imagination is better then the directors 
Practice kicked my but today 4400 yds is a lot when you are not totally in shape yet but it was great to finish 
I sometimes wish I was one of those people who works with teens and just doesn't care but I'm not and want the absolute best for them so days like this are frustrating , I wish I had a magic wand to swing and make everyone play nice . ugh But well get there I am sure of it . 
Very Proud of all my friends who Ran the < PROPFEMALE > Corps Marathon way to Go !! 
Got a Swim Meet on Sunday , it should be interesting to find out just how slow I really am .. But like my coach said you can't start getting faster untill you know exactly how slow you really are .. 
Strange to have daylight savings time , Hoping I wake up at the proper time 
Good Swim Meet today considering I have been out of the sport for 5+ years perhaps London 2012 is not out of the question all I have to do is swim WAAAYY faster lol 
The < PROPFEMALE > s I have seen around the world have the cleanest bodies , the filthiest minds , the highest morale , and the lowest morals of any group of animals I have ever seen . Thank God for the United States < PROPFEMALE > Corps ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , First Lady of the United States , 1945\ 
Happy Birthday fellow < PROPFEMALE > s I'm saying it tonight as tomorrow you may have blurred sight to read this lol oh how I miss the Corps 
Today I am remembering my heroes . My heroes are men and woman who had the courage , bravery the patriotism and selflessness to step up and serve . To push forward through incomprehensible odds knowing that any moment could be their last yet standing up tall and charging forward . May God give peace to their souls and man show thanks for their freedom 
Good luck to all my friends running in the live to free human trafficking half marathon in the morning . I wish I was there to run along side you all this year . 
Ugh it's my birthday and I don't feel to good no surprise there it happens every birthday but it ain't gona stop me from living it up in party city rockland lol . 
Ok feeling better now a cup of coffee does wonders 
Thank you all for amazing birthday wishes cards etc . I feel very much loved . 
So by day I am a teen center staff member and by night dun dun Dun daaaaa I am a rock climbing instructor . Now if the social scene was better here it would be jolly peachy keen 
If there is anything that this horrible tragedy can teach us , it's that a male model's life is a precious , precious commodity . Just because we have chiselled abs and stunning features , it doesn't mean that we too can't not die in a freak gasoline fight accident . 
So I lug around three gym bags three color coded water bottles and got the abs to prove it lol I'm a dork . 
< PROPFEMALE > yup I'm board Wana do something somewhere with someone . 
Pats game and early thanksgiving with great friends today . Sounds like a hunky-dory plan to me . 
It is almost 2011 and yet I can't go even one day without hearing a racial , homophobic or other discriminatory remark or joke . It's not funny , it's not ok and it has got to stop I'm so sick of it . Staying silent is not the answer let's make waves by confronting those who utter hate . 
Do you ever wonder if a person in your dream was dreaming the same dream from their point of view kindof like a alternate psychic reality . 
Today I am thankful for all the supporters of the military those who send letters and care packages to my brothers and sisters who are deployed . It makes a big difference in the day of a deployed member . If you want info on how to do this let me know I'll get you hooked up with a great service . 
Today I'm thankfully for all of you ... Well most of you anyways jk Happy Thanksgiving 
Someone please come and eat all the leftover pies and cookies I have worked way to hard to get fat again ... 
Thinking I'm going to kill the gym today to make up for 3 days away . 
It would be just great if I could fall asleep about now 
It is pay it forward day so do something nice for another today . I did this years ago and now pay it forward is just a lifestyle for me so try it you'll love it . 
Test test 123 is there any life out there cause there sure as heck ain't any here in Rockland . I miss having a night life I need some pub buds lol . 
Woke up to a wintery wonder land . I can just hear those sleigh bells jingling 
This snow makes me want to go winter camping , well after a couple more feet anyways 
Sing off is baaaack 
Well I guess this snow means I now have a legit reason to wear running tights 
69 years ago < PROPFEMALE > was attacked at < PROPFEMALE > Harbor . So in remembrance say a little prayer for the remaining survivors and families and for continued peace here in < PROPFEMALE > . 
#722 . I freakin love you you are beyond amazing and one of the few people I truly miss and think of often . We have been through alot together whether we realized at the time or not . You are like a bright colorful light in a very grey dreary world . You were like a rock for me someone I could always rely on to cheer me up on a stressful Day 
GWL baby . ( gym , work , laundry ) 
I'm a bit in love with backbeat and groove for thought ahh so good 
So I finally ran a sub 6 < PROPFEMALE > mile today and oh oh yeah by the way it was on mile 3 of a 3 mile run . To bad it wasn't a race cause I'd have killed it . 
Seriously how many chap-sticks does one really need . I've got them everywhere 
Dear post nasal drip , \ 
Please stop you are hurting me , annoying me and are just plain no fun . So please go away\ 
Sincerely < PROPMALE > 
Sick and tired of being sick and tired ugh 
It's a shame , I look like a dang j crew model today and have no real place of importance to go . Oh well it's a hard life I live . 
I need to get a band together I miss performing any takers ? 
Why am I so scared to follow my dreams and go to college for the program I really want to do ? I've avoided it for 8 years am I that scared of happiness or personal fulfillment ? I'm applying and if I get in I'm going . Come what may 
I'm thinking a long run is in the cards for me today .. But now that it is snowing I'm thinking I will have to zone out on a treadmill to get the < PROPMALE > in either way I gata burn off the 5 cookies I ate for dinner 
Be in < PROPMALE > tomorrow night so if you got something fun let me know 
Thinking of going sailing in the virgin islands in February now can someone send me 2000 bucks to do so . 
Drivin to Mass here in a short bit , Excited to drive in a car that has heat .. see it is the small things in life that make me happy ... but dont get me wrong I like the big things too so feel free to send me some big checks or 100 dollar bills 
Seeing pictures of this years Jesus is born and seeing sets that I painted with < PROPFIRST > last year makes me feel like I am still a part of the production and makes me feel so blessed to have been an active part of it for so long . Love you Champion 
Gata plan a wicked Christmas dinner but first gata go to the gym because I just gata y'all donchaknow 
It's still snowing I can't wait too see how many inches of snow will be on the ground when I wake up . It's going to be a white Christmas ! Good night 
Now that was a great workout 5 mile run 2 mile cross country ski , shoulders and traps then a pick up basketball game . No wonder I can't find a gym partner as I am clearly insane 
Just spent way to much on gifts but that's ok it's only once a year and I love giving gifts . 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ... Why the freak am I awake so early ... 
Happy birthday to my role model , close friend and savior JESUS . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas y'all! Ps < PROPFEMALE > please remember I moved again this year but not opening gifts here but next-door at grandmas if that's to confusing I'm sorry but that's just how I roll . 
Playing catch phrase baby . Oh so fun 
\The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd . The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been before . \ " \ 
Well 2 feet of snow should be fun .. not but good for snowboarding and skiing so it evens out I guess . 
Ok I'm off to play in the snow or shovel how ever you like to think about it . Hopefully I won't get blown away 
Ugh snow days are such a waste of time I could be out getting paid but no suck home melting my brain at the tv 
Kinda excited for tonight I'm not going to lie 
Maybe second time's a charm ,,, I sure hope so 
I hate waking up stressed out and frustrated from a dream .. In my dream both things I hate the most happened not being able to accomplish a big task because of lack of support and kids talking over me being rude while I'm trying to teach rock climbing . 
\Life is a grindstone . Whether it grinds you down or polishes you up depends on the stuff you are made of . \ " \ 
Where did this year go ?? I remember where I was exactly a year ago even remember what I wore , all I know is I'm way better today than 365 days ago so here's to the next 365 
Wow crazy good run today , the weather was < PROPFEMALE > warm almost 50 degrees . 
The sun is shining the wind is howling the thermometer reads 31 and my back is killing me so I can't think of anything better to do than squeeze into my sexy tights and go for a steady run along the coast 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gv4sBV8YAlg&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
So yoga is pretty rad I'm not going to lie ... 
Good day I read ran worked yoga now tv then reading and sleeping . 
Hates turning the last < PROPFEMALE > of a really great book .. Now I guess I'm off to the book store for another . 
snowday = Cleaning , laundry , poker and Chinese takeout that I wisely ordered last night in hopes of a snowday 
To my outdoorsy people , I have a pair of mens size sm PATAGONIA black pants that are 93% polyester 7% spandex that I can not wear an never have . They would be perfect for hiking climbing whatever really . If you can fit in them guy or girl and want them Ill send them too you . 
Sorry Here I go Again but It is 2011 We need to stop the hate , I was playing poker online and I can not tell you how many nasty hatefull things were said about muslems , retarded etc I of course corrected them all but its stupid . If you encounter any hate speech of any kind even in joking stand up and correct it . Lets make the world better one idiot at a time lol 
PLEASE - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers & the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this . 
uggh 
There's a river here before me , and I'm gona cross it with strength not my own 
I freakin hate snow days , no work = no money and no money = boared 
gata a fever to go wintercamping for a few days , but its not cold enough yet . 
What could possibly be so important that my 80+ year old grandfather thought he should drive somewhere during this snow storm . I looked out the window and his car was gone . Gosh him on normal roads makes me nervous him on slippery snowy roads makes me very nervous 
Well off to catch the train to visit a school in Cambridge , < PROPFEMALE > and then spend the day with my Brother < PROPFIRST > Its going to be cold but well worth it I think .. 
You know one thing I've observed is that people are very scared to have their voice be heard to say or do anything that could bring attention or notice to themselves but also that people are desperate for acknowledgement and to be seen heard and understood . Interesting how the two go together . 
Being in Boston reminds me that it is < PROPFEMALE > time to move again . Well maybe in the summer or fall . Not saying Boston but somewhere with people . 
Holy Moley it is Cold nothing like a wind chill of -25 
A year ago today , I was on one of the best trips I've ever had ( and possibly ever will ) with a phenomenal bunch of adventurous characters that was thrown together !!! Miss you : < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > !!! and of course Peanut , Chevy , pirate , a boy called < PROPFEMALE > , cajun , and the other doggs 
Sittin ' on a dock in the bay wasting tiiiiime time time ... \Literally \"" 
my hands are so raw I rockclimbed for two hrs well the second i was taching a class but still i gata climb more and build up my fingertip toughness lol wow what a stupid update did ya'll really need to know that ? I think not , so sorry for wasting your time 
Oh I < PROPFEMALE > wish I could be at champion fixing lights with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > hopefully it is as simple as I'm hoping but it will all work out .. I'm sure of it . Kinda made my day that they called for some help 
I have officially acclimated to the weather .. I needed something from my car this am so I just walked outside in 10 degrees with an inch of fresh snow in bare feet and wasn't cold at all lol next step is no shoes no shirt in -20 oh wait I did that last year and jumped in a river for fun 
Trying to figure out this twitter thing 
< PROPFEMALE > Wana go to the movies but alas there is 2 ft of snow falling from the sky . Hey who is on twitter I may want to stock you . I'm Benny_Michael if you care to follow my exciting life . 
Waffles for dinner I think , and I'm sooo over shoveling Ps I'm on twitter Benny_Michael feel free to follow me like a lost puppy I'll follow you too perhaps . Hey if we follow each other does that mean we are walking in circles ? 
I love love love this . I hope one day I have a little one I can sing with . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6S-Nx8Vzeg&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Yesterdays snow day reduced my 8pack to a 6pack damn you nachos and waffles ... Mmm waffles sound good about now 
Ok lesson learned don't eat a boiled egg spinach pepper cucumber wrap before yoga class . It was almost a snl skit luckily I have self control . 
I so wish I could go to Downtown Disney about now .. how fun to bar hop using a boat 
Loving kitchen nightmares 
Why must I wear shoes that are a bit too small for my feet .. Answer because fantastic shoes never come in my size off the clearance rack 
\If I don't have the time to live my life well the first time 
UGH This building rental people better leave on time because I am missing the superbowl party and I made lil smokys and kielbasa or how ever the hech they are spelled .. They are in a crockpot alone at home and that makes me nervous too 
ohh gosh this church will just not leave they got 6 < PROPFEMALE > I am missing the Glee Pre-Game and sitting like a chump alone at work I still gata drive all the way home then to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s maybe I'll make it to half time but not sure how far the game is along 
I'm so so sooo so sooo sooo sick of my shoulder feeling like I'm getting stabbed to the bone repeatedly . And yes I do know how it feels to be stabbed and this actually hurts more . 
Today , my wife told me I am immature and need to grow up . Guess who's not allowed in my treehouse now . 
A very wise woman said that absence does not make the heart grow fonder well in this case I have to disagree . Absence has made my heart grow much much fonder . It's almost painful 
I gata run very far tomorrow as I had a very bad food choice day . 
\The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand 
Crazy fun dream last night I was hanging out with the kardashians and jersey shore crew in < PROPMALE > jeners basement we were just kickin it and I had a old moped with a trailer attached I kept in Scotts truck . Haha still laughing 
Going rock climbing from 1-3 ish then a lecture/screening about climbing and mountaineering if anyone wishes to join me 
I really need to find my phone . I have no idea where it is ugh . 
Ugh v-day is almost here and yet again nothing to . Since I can't take out someone I would want to take out due to a few thousand < PROPMALE > I'll just go for a run and eat a box of chocolates . 
I found my phone ! 
Grammy's twitter type updates below 
Girl your amazing just the way you are , And when you smile the whole world stops and stares for a while cause girl your amazing just the way you are . 
Wow watching history on jeopardy . But I gata say I want Watson to kinda loose but I'm very impressed 
Hey please pray for my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > she is going in to surgery in the am to remove cancer . Hopefully the chemo and radiation has done it's job and shrunk the tumor . It is kinda < PROPMALE > and needs a perfect procedure or miracle would be nice . 
Had an amazing yoga class . Now if only I had someone to share all this fun stuff with then it would be primo 
When life kicks you in the teeth , does your spirit crumble ? Or are you hungry for another < PROPMALE > ? Only YOU can decide what path you take 
My house has been making many creepy noises and other strange things this week . I really hope that a ghost has not moved in . I've lived in Haunted houses before and I really dont want to again , or at least untill I know if they are friendly or not .. 
\Life is what happens when you are busy making other plans . \ " \ 
I am officially ranked #1 at FooseBall in Camden lol It probly won't last long but who cares I'm #1 today 
What the hell am I doing inside on the stupid FaceBook when it is 51 Freakin Degrees outside . Sooo Going for a run along the ocean b4 work .. 
\Strong people are harder to kill .. and a lot more useful in general\ " – < PROPFIRST > Rippetoe\ 
Oh gosh it is weekends like this that I hate Maine . UGH I have to move to a place with a night life ahhh lol 
haha this is funny to me \ 
< PROPFIRST > Hunt , < PROPMALE > St. Cyr , Marko Dansereau , Zach Gray , Men 800m Free Relay , \ 
2010 United Stated Masters Swimming ranking #4 \ 
Now if I could stay in the pool without pain for a few months then maybe we could get 1st haha 
wowwy 
mmmm , spaghetti o's and cabernet sauvignon you can't get much more classy than that for dinner 
I had to do this mission-to prove to myself that we can do things which are bigger than ourselves . I needed to walk through a minefield to feel protected . - Hendrik Coetzee- 
Do you ever just want to yell at the top of your lungs but you find yourself in a hypothetical library or < PROPMALE > museum .. Yup that's what I feel like , needing to yell but can't 
Any of my peeps that is interested in understanding the palestinian-Israeli conflict as well as the fabric of Palestinian & israeli societies do I have a book for you . 
I love teen jeopardy it makes me feel not so dum 
\If it weren't for the rocks in its bed 
Listen when I say It's not what I do , and what I do is not who I am . It's the journey my defining journey that is what I am 
Finally a realistic travel show lmao watching \an idiot abroad\ " < PROPFEMALE > much more like my traveling adventures " 
Wowza I have foggy brainitis . I need some coffee but alas I am at work until 4 
Can't wait to get back to the normal grind tomorrow . I've been out of the gym eating junk for a week . I guess I am an all or nothing kinda guy . 
\Men 
Does anyone play mobsters ? If so join my mob or I'll join you'd my code is rbk942 
Out to chop some ice on the driveway . Maybe just maybe I'll be able to get down to the tar in a few areas . 
Well that was fun I did a mini reverse triathlon for a workout today 3 mile run 5 mile bike 1.5 mile swim Totally did not plan it lol 
I was walking in Camden in 10 degree weather wearing a Patagonia fleece a ll bean coat hiking boots with smart wool socks holding a reusable ceramic coffee mug filled with cappuccino and thinking I can't wait for yoga . I may have been in Camden for too long now . 
The important talk you must have with the kids http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCjMGOvMghY&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Well today I'm going to eat and rock climb and that is it . I have open climb from 1-3 then a private session from 5-7 . Well I guess I could do something tonight if anyone is interested . 
Got an hour to burn before I have to work again . < PROPFEMALE > what to do ?? I've sat at zoot coffee for a bit I guess I'll go walk about 
Ugh this headache has got to go . I have not had one of my bad ones in a long time . 
Just cleaned a nasty fridge ... whew my elbow needs to be re-greased because I used up all my elbow grease on that stupid ice box 
Force them to see our humanity . And for those who would call you a coward , remind them that non-violence does not protect you from the violence of your oppressor . But be stronger than your opponent-do not respond to their violence with your own . The purpose of demonstrating is to communicate to the world . ( The Hour of Sunlight ) 
It's interesting that many people or things you regarded as wrong , bad or off after some time to understand them and their intentions can become right or understood or somewhere in the middle . There are three sides to everything ... Your - theirs- and the real truth that can only be discovered by understanding both all sides . 
So today I met the reigning world champion of log rolling and I had been working with her for months now . How cool is that 
It is only when we recognize the Equal Humanity of the other that we are willing to Stand Up for each other's rights alongside our own . -Sami < PROPMALE > Jundi- 
Had an uber duber super good rock climbing nite . I killed the swan , stretch , and red < PROPFEMALE > routes . So suck it rock wall I got the best of you tonight 
I'm loving survivor this year ! I'm a special agent with the united states government and I am trained to discern lies and that is not a lie bwahaha 
Ahyup the gym is def not in the cards today cause my body needs a break today . 
Hindsight is 20/20 
Dear mind , \ 
Please turn off it's time for bed now . You finally came up with a brilliant idea and developed it so now turn off and go to dream land .. \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Your body 
Sending up a prayer for Japan , you should too . 
Just finished another book and I am adding it to my must read list . It is \The Hour Of Sunlight\ " by Sami < PROPMALE > Jundi and < PROPFEMALE > Marlowe . It is incredible just insanely incredible . At some point make time and read it . " 
Rock climbing tonight 6-8 come join me if you want to have some fun and challenge yourself 
I hate 40 degrees it is a temp that teases me it's a bit warmer so I can go outside but still to cold to hike for a while . So I'll split the difference and walk to dunkin donuts . But yes 40 degrees is better than 30 
Thinking of fostering another puppy . Not sure though it is a big commitment so it would need to be a right fit 
What did I do today well I walked slot since the weather was a balmy 40 degrees and rockclimbed a bit and now I'm watching an idiot abroad and my elbows hurt 
Mmm warm molasses donuts and coffee on a Sunday morning now that to me is classic Maine . In my old memories anyways . 
Got < PROPFEMALE > much done today . Looking forward to sleeping in my new sheets and blanket 
It's official I'll be training dogs etc at the animal shelter . Btw I was just there and there are many gorgeous dogs waiting for you . 
So they said to me good luck walking < PROPFEMALE > she is a crazy old dog . By the time our walk was over they saw me and < PROPFEMALE > walking in a perfect heel , loose leash . Their jaws were dropped . Ahh I love being a animal whisperer haha 
First Update on my new computer .. Hard to believe I have not had a computer since July 
< PROPFEMALE > I am now the Director of Leaders in training summer camp . Can some one say curriculum writing time , yeah I'm pretty excited . 
\Challenge is what makes men . It will be the end when men stop looking for new challenges . \ " \ 
It is practically impossible to look at a penguin and feel angry ... 
Making a shepherds pie / musaka hybrid for dinner . Did not make enough mashed potato and not enough cheese so its not going to have that look but should sell taste great . I hope . 
worked at the Animal shelter this morning and between Sat and today 6 dogs were adopted or claimed , so now there is only 12 left . If you are looking for a great adult dog I can direct you to one that will fit . There are alot of cats too but I don't work with them 
I love love the chair I got to make for the artists chair auction . It is going to consume me for days but will look amazing ( hopefully ) 
OK seriously it is time for summer , I am sick of cold 
Just played spades and in 1 game I went nil and got it 4 times and went double nil 3 times and got it .. needless to say my team won 
Wow I am muddy from head to toe .. Playing with 15 dogs is a dirty job but some one has to to it lol 
\Risk is essential . There is no growth or inspiration in staying within what is safe and comfortable . Once you find out what is best 
Loving AIM its < PROPFEMALE > convienant 
I started writting again , I think that this time I will really finish the book .. Unlike my other 4 half writted books lol . Sorry not going to tell you what it is about until it is completed but so far I am done the preface and half done chapter 1 . 
I love my Blow Torch , It just makes me feel good to use it . 
\Why not go out on a limb . That's where the fruit is . \ " \ 
back to the gym starting tomorow .. I took 3 weeks off to heal up but summer is comming so I gata stop messing around 
\A ship is safe in harbour 
just plugged my phone in , I have not used it for a week or two lol kinda sad . so sorry if you texted an got no reply 
A snow day and im sick , just lovely .. hopefully i can get to the store for meds because mine are not cutting it . 
just took nyquill as i am still fighting off some creeping crud . I apologize in advance if you get nyquill dialed or msg'd , as I have a tendenct to do that . 
Still sick , this crud is just not going away .. Thinking of going to urgent care but that is no bueno when you have no insurance .. ugh 
One More hr here at work then I can go home and crawl bak into bed yay .. Someone chat me up as I am needing adult conversation .. \I have been chatting with a 12 year old boy for about 2hrs off and on about some cartoon thing I don't know about \"" 
feeling a bit better today , the fever is gone , no pain meds needed yet . hopefully this crud will pack up and head out as the day goes on . 
ok unless I feel 100 Percent I am going to the doctors tomorow .. I am only saying this because If I don't type it I will put it off yet another day . I do feel better though but my throught and tonsils look worse 
Just saw a report where in colorado the police pepersprayed twice a Second Grader at school .. WTF they said they could calm him down no other way and he was swinging a stick . ohhh the police were scared of an 8 year old with a stick really .. 
I guess I'll have to wait until tomorow for the doctors ... ugh aparently they are closed today .. I hate small towns . 
WHOAH < PROPFEMALE > Booo I blame you for not voting at < PROPFEMALE > n Idol ... < PROPFEMALE > you were robbed . ick Im so sad 
Chandler : Hey , you guys in the living room all know what you want to do . You know , you have goals . You have dreams . I don't have a dream . \ 
Ross : Ah , the lesser-known \I don't have a dream\ " speech . \ 
He took a job knowing he would never get < PROPMALE > . He's missed out on many holidays & spent them working . He may have to lay his life down or take one . His life expectancy is shorter than yours because of stress . But yet you think hes over paid & you wont pay him because you cant work together to keep our govt running but yet you will pay yourself ??!! SHAMEFUL !!!! 
First divorce : wife's hidden sexuality , not my fault . Second divorce : said the wrong name at the altar , kind of my fault . Third divorce : they shouldn't let you get married when you're that drunk and have stuff drawn all over your face , < PROPFEMALE>'s fault . \ - < PROPMALE > - " 
I forgot how much I love the Fast & the Furious .. Sooo good 
ugh God please take this sickness away its worse today , I really wish I could get ahold of my dr to find out my lab results but their not open on weekends .. my throat is now very swollen and i need meds 
wow I just ruined a batch of tomato soup .. How is that even possible .. I must be off . 
up since 5 I think it is time for a HOT shower now that the construction has begun outside of my bedroom .. 
yayy I got meds . and it is about frickin time 
Yayy for amoxicillin kicking in .. 
If you don't know how to cover a nil and you bid 5 you should never play spades , at least with me ugh .. you dont lead with a 5 of spades when you have the ace and < PROPMALE > ughhhh some people like me go nil with high spades .. 
Phoebe : < PROPFEMALE > in there . It's gonna happen ! \ 
< PROPMALE > : Okay , now , how do you know that ? \ 
Phoebe : Because she's your lobster ! \ 
[ At a loss , < PROPMALE > looks at Chandler . ]\ 
Chandler : Oh , she's going somewhere . \ 
Phoebe : Come on , you guys , it's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life . You know what , you can actually see old lobster couples walking around their tank , you know , holding claws 
omg I need to be sleeping , dang you espresso Ice cream .. 
OK I got Skype my name is Geotrekme .. if you have skype let me know I'll add you to my list and we can chat sometime .. 
yay taxes are now DONE . 
tomorow I get to go work with the younger kids at the Y vacation Camp .. I do love my 5th-8th graders but really enjoy the 1st-4th graders there so much fun 
Biked to work today , The way there was fine just alot of climbing but on the way back The wind was blowing at least 700mph in my face and it was cold I had to pedal to go down hill .. All I can say is thank god I packed my sexy tights in the event of a cold ride back .. 
Another brilliant qote from me playing a game . I was playing Uno with my cousin uncle and mom . I currently have uno card .. uncle lays down a wild and says \Blue\ " I then ask \ " ok blue 
Just got re-certified in CPR .. but still I would like to remind you if you need CPR or rescue breathing dont call me call 911 unless you are very hot , I may be able to assist with mouth to mouth lol jk jk 
I could really use some Mexican Food , a tan , and 10k bucks 
Happy Easter , I guess I should go to bed now if I'm going to make the service .. I will be in Rockland in person but in Champion in Spirit .. 
< PROPFEMALE > sleepy 
over the mountain and through the woods , past grandmothers house I rode , with rain drops a'falling and wind gust ' ablowing a cold twenty two < PROPMALE > I rode ..... 
So I have been on a quest to create the perfect meatball sub . Today I got closer .. I used spreadable goat cheese , whew it was good .. 
LOVE LOVE LOVING the voice tune in NOW .. all I can say is suck it American Idol this is way better 
Lying in my bed I hear the clock tick , and think of you \ 
caught up in circles , confusion is nothing new , if you're lost you can look -- and you will find me time after time if you fall I will catch you--I'll be waiting time after time 
it's 9 am and i need a nap .. really ? 
I looked at my Bikes odometer and found out that I rode 104 < PROPMALE > in a week .. no kidding my hiney is a bit sore lol 
So on a day I can sleep in I wake up at 5:30 .... ugh at least it is georgeous out . Maybe I'll go walk down the street to walk the lightouse breakwater . maybe 
Well Bravo Bin Laden you stayed alive for this long , pretty impressive .. But game over , no more hide and seek for you 
When the ground begins to shake , \ 
And when my courage starts to fade , \ 
I will let my fears go , You lead me thru 
\The difference between perseverance and obstinacy is that one comes from a strong will and the other from a strong won't . \ " \ 
Going down to Snafrod on Sat .. if anyone wanted to grab a dinner in Portland on sat just let me know as I will be in that area at that time 
Eatting grapes , mmmm I forgot how much I love grapes .. such a sexy fruit lol 
Well got a Summer Camp Director Meeting then work at the Teen center than a Sitting in Style Artist Chair Auction tonight . . Busy Busy . Hopefully I can get a work out in there somewhere . 
Well the < PROPFEMALE > auction went well , we raised several thousand for the teen center . sooo sleepy now .. full day tomorow too .. 
I'm In < PROPMALE > for the night .. If you want to do something I may be able to get out and have some fun .. 
Happy Mothers Day , Spending it with my Mom and sick dad so kindof interesting . 
ok today is surgery day in my family 2 people having surgery for very different things . Dad went back into the hospital and immediatly into surgery for a perforated bowel .. I knew he did not look ok yesterday .. prayers please 
eek what a day 
I want a road Bike SOOOOOO Bad , why do they have to cost so much 
