is on his way . 

made it ! 
wants to build homemade juggling clubs , but needs four two liter bottles and four 20 oz bottles . Anyone want to help drink some pop ? ;) 
is going to see Fiddler on the Roof in Chicago today . 
enjoyed Fiddler on the Roof a lot and enjoyed not dying when driving for the first time in downtown Chicago . 
drove stick today !... Well , only for about five minutes , but still ! 
suddenly has the urge to write a musical . Anyone want to help write the book ? 
only has a couple weeks of freedom left . 
lernt mehr Deutsch . 
built his own juggling clubs ! Woo ! 
There's a Lord of the Rings musical now ?!? 
scored a 45 in the first golf game of the year and only the second game in two years . 
is really starting to wonder when he will start working ... 
thinks weffriddles is freaking awesome , though some of the riddles are insanely difficult . http://weffriddles.com/ I'm on level 19 , and I'm proud of that . :-P 
is an executive and/or professional whose candidacy was approved for the Cambridge Who's Who Registry because of his great individual achievements ? Hummmmm ??? Either this is a huge mix up , a terribly bad scam , or , much more likely , both . 
has finally started work ! 
is already getting quite sunburned , despite his frequent use of SPF 50 sweat-proof sun block . -_- 
just worked an 11 hour day . 
just worked an 11.5 hour day . 
should be getting paid tomorrow ! Yay ! 
is getting the books ready with all the cuts for Hello < PROPFEMALE > . 
wishes that he had already taken instrumentation and orchestration , because the orchestral piece that he's working on would likely be much , much better . 
just had a run-in with a three inch wasp . Thankfully nobody was harmed . Except the wasp . 
is attempting to write a classical guitar piece . Four measures have been written so far . :-P 
is having too many musical ideas and not enough complete ones . 
is hoping he can find discount prices for tickets to the Shedd Aquarium next weekend , because he just found out what the full price tickets cost ... >:( 
has not been interested in , or , in fact , cognizant of , almost any new films in a looooong time , but must admit that he is rather intrigued by the trailer for District 9 . 
thought that the last Concert in the Park went quite well . 
doesn't think he'd want a job in it , but really wishes that he could learn every language he could , and has been recently glued to Wikipedia reading all about a number of different languages , their pronunciation , and their grammar ( at least , an overview of it ... ) . Currently , it's Finnish , and he now completely understands why Tolkien based the elven language off of it , because it is incredibly beautiful and very cool 
feels like a sun-dried tomato . 
finds musical writer's block to be extremely annoying , especially considering how embarrassingly little he has written over the rest of the summer . >:( 
is listening to Christian Lindberg playing trombone concertos . 
is on his way to the great white north . Hopefully it's not actually white , yet . 
is in Northfield ! 
is almost done moving in ! 
can see for < PROPMALE > . 
got three solutions from three people who , in order to make it work , will need to have one . 
is now pretty much loving Roster McCabe . Thanks < PROPFIRST > . :-P 
is REALLY hoping that somebody from Chapel Choir will be willing and able to switch into Cantorei so that I can take their place . That seems to be about the only way that I'll be able to sing in a ( non lab ) choir this semester . 
is getting rather annoyed with the internet in his room being about as fast as dial-up and about as reliant as Windows ME , and is still waiting to see if anyone in Chapel Choir will be willing to switch into Cantorei , though is finding it less and less likely to happen . 
has no ideas . It is a problem . 
still has no ideas , which is a much bigger problem , and thinks that the world is conspiring against him doing his theory homework , which is also a problem . 
really wishes he could see a performance of \Nixon in China . \"" 
thought that the Oslo Chamber Choir was unspeakably amazing , simply because there are no words to describe the extent to which it was amazing . 
is hating Microsoft . Anyone want to learn Linux with me ? 
CRAM 
has under his control the power of Ubuntu Linux . 
knew that the elevators would break sometime soon . They just felt like they were dying . Hopefully they will be back up by Monday . Walking up eleven flights of stairs immediately following weight lifting will not be fun . 
is exhausted . Physically and mentally . 
is able to fit a double < PROPMALE > of music < PROPMALE > . and theory/composition into 9 semesters , which is pretty amazing considering lots of people who < PROPMALE > only in < PROPMALE > . take 9 semesters . Now I just ne < PROPMALE > to decide whether to do that or not ... 
does not understand why randomly once or twice a year his back will hurt for about a week or two and then be fine again , and is annoyed that right now is one of those random times . 
thought that the Vespers was AMAZING , and a very nice way to end the weekend and get ready for the week . I just wish I could have < PROPFIRST > in that concert . 
hopes ... and even moreso fears ... that he will know the music library very well by the end of the year . 
fall break ! 
enjoyed fall break a lot . :) 
has discovered the awesomeness that is Johan de Meij's Symphony No . 1 titled none other than \The Lord of the Rings\ " ! And it is awesome indeed . :-D " 
Arrrrgh , is anybody either willing to switch Christmas Festival tickets from Saturday to Friday or to lend me their ID so that I can get tickets for Saturday myself ? 
wishes life had a pause button 
has learned that until January 3rd , Windows 7 is being offered to students with a college e-mail address for only $30 and , though I would still dual boot Ubuntu Linux , I am very much considering getting it since I've read numerous reviews and it seems to be < PROPMALE > ahead of Vista . Plus Vista is rather annoying anyway , which is one reason why I'm using Ubuntu in the first place . 
is angry and confused as to why the wired < PROPFEMALE > is not working , because it's forcing me to use wireless again which is really slow , hence why I have the cable in the first place ! 
Warning . Circuits overloading . Meltdown imminent . 
WHY THE EXPLATIVE ARE THEY DESTROYING MELLBY LAWN ?!?!? 
Yarrrrrggghhhh . 
It is over . Time for the next crazyness to start ... 
is singing a Händel aria for voice class ... which was written for an alto castrati ... Yay for singing an octave below it's written ! 
is using a twelve-tone row to write a piece for chamber orchestra ... and just wrote a passage that sounds rather lovely ? 
has a sudden urge to write a musical , an opera , or an oratorio of some sort . 
does not enjoy having to wring out all of his clothes before putting them in the dryer . 
was juggling Mills Mess ... with clubs ! 
OOOOOH MAN ! Adagio for Strings , < PROPFIRST > Barber . AAAAH ! Absolutely amazing ! 
went traying down Old Main Hill . 
printed out what I have so far of my band piece , the first time I've ever had such a huge score of mine in print . It was pretty . Too bad I had to turn it in ... 
exited Christiansen holding his cramped hand and noticed that the sky seemed so much bluer . 
had eight hours to write a composition based on parameters written by Dr. Merritt and chosen at random by me . There are now four hours left . 
has now finished and turned in his composition on which he just spent 8 hours . 
just played a game called 1000 Blank White Cards . It was pretty much awesome . 
is home . 
is happy that < PROPFEMALE > Butler could stop at his house today on the way home ! 
does not usually enjoy just following the crowd and being a fan of whatever is the biggest pop culture item at the time , but in this instance must admit that HOLYCRAP Avatar was awesome ! 
finds it a little strange being done with class by 10am , especially since we only have lab every other day . 
thinks that it's kinda crazy that the author of his Acoustics textbook used to go to his church . 
rather enjoyed acoustics lab today . 
thinks it's ridiculous that the human ear can hear and interpret a difference of 1/ 1,760 seconds . Actually , much tinier than that . We only tried it at A440 . If it were a much higher pitch , thus a much faster frequency , that duration of time would be even MORE miniscule . CRAZY ! 
just climbed a slope in Norway Valley with < PROPFEMALE > Butler which was so steep that it likely would have been impossible without snow . 
was , for the first time , on the winning team of a broomball game ! 
is back in Northfield after juggling for the entire weekend . 3 hours Friday , 3 hours Sunday , and 6 hours on Saturday . That's a lot of juggling ! 
thinks that the hoar frost is pretty much awesome . 
thought Chops was a success . Next year we just need more participation ! 
does not like the fact that there is only one week left in Interim . 
thought that was a pretty good last game of broomball of the seasons , despite losing . 
needs a higher-quality microphone than the one built into his computer for his acoustics lab . Does anybody have a good microphone that I could borrow ? 
is analyzing the acoustic spectra of speech sounds . 
has finished analyzing the formants of eleven vowels and the < PROPFIRST > equivalents of five of them . 
is , according to < PROPFEMALE > , to < PROPMALE > as < PROPFIRST > and Bjorn are to Frodo and < PROPFIRST > . Yeah , remember the starved pony that < PROPFIRST > bought from < PROPMALE > Ferny to < PROPFEMALE > their stuff and wasn't even deemed important enough to be in the movies ? That's him . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ... Anyway , finished packing and ready to go snowshoeing and camping on the Superior Hiking Trail on the north shore of Lake Superior tomorrow . 
is , other than a popped blister on one heel , a little sunburn , a few scratches , slightly chapped lips , extremely sore legs , and EXTREMELY sore feet , completely unscathed after two nights , three days , and 30 < PROPMALE > on the Superior Hiking Trail . 
hat ein neue Mobiltelefon/tiene < PROPFEMALE > teléfono celular nuevo/omistaa matkapuhelin uuden/has a new cell phone . 
did not quite understand L'Histoire du Soldat and had to read a synopsis online in order to figure out the ending . 
is , finally , a member of the St. Olaf Chapel Choir ! 
All homework is considerably more enjoyable while listening to Holst's The Planets . 
WHY is the washer's spin-cycle broken AGAIN ?!? Hasn't it been fixed like three times already ?!? 
just watched a clip from < PROPMALE > Bernstein's second lecture at Harvard , the first time I've watched any of the lectures , and wow , now I really want to watch all of it . Too bad they total to over 13 hours and they cost $99 ... 
thought that the Estonian Girls Choir was AMAZINGLY good , considering the fact that it was an all-girls choir . 
somehow had both of my classes cancelled tomorrow . o.O I still have to go work with kindergartners for two hours , though . 
has the first Music History test of second semester today ( it's on the Classical < PROPFEMALE > ) . Help . 
has WAY too many things to do before Spring Break . 
If I ever decide to work with small children in a long-term situation , I hope that somebody will have the sense to slap me in the face as hard as possible and yell \NO ! \ " at me . " 
Five days until the History paper is due , six days until the Philharmonia tour , eight days until the Educational Psychology book seminar , nine days until the Music Education Entrance Recital , twelve days until the Education Application is due , thirteen days until Spring Break . It's the final sprint to the finish ! Except that this \finish\ " is only halfway through this marathon semester . " 
is having difficulty working on his homework for tomorrow instead of working on the composition project due next week , which he has managed to make surprisingly tonal-sounding for a twelve-tone piece . 
History paper : complete , Philharmonia tour : complete , 12-tone sight-singing : complete , 12-tone composition : complete , Paragraph description of composition : current objective , Music Education Entrance Recital : next objective , Remaining : Piano midterm , Educational Psychology field study , Educational Psychology midterm , Music History listening quiz , finding a roommate for next year , Final objective : SPRING BREAK ! 
now owns a new conducting baton ! 
has only an < PROPFEMALE > listening quiz ( and a number of inconsequential other classes :P ) to stand between him and 10 days of Spring Break . 
SPRING BREAK ! 
Hmmmm . I came home , SOUTH of Minnesota , on Spring Break , and it's considerably colder here than in Northfield . I see a problem with this . 
loves , loves , LOVES the smell of spring rain ! 
The trees and < PROPFEMALE > bushes are blooming like a week or two earlier than last year ! :D 
Debussy , La cathédrale engloutie . I love it . 
got an acceptance letter for music education ! Now I just need to wait on the actual education department , and I need to have a meeting about adding the theory/comp < PROPMALE > . 
It's amazing how productive one can be when using it as an excuse to procrastinate . 
definitely caught the wrong end of a torch while juggling fire ... 
The Phantom of the Opera now has a sequel ? Uhhhh ... 
just wants to sit around and write music , but that would not be a good idea . 
Too bad I'm an instrumental < PROPMALE > , instead of a voice < PROPMALE > , with how much of the St. Olaf Choir Tenor I section is graduating . I wish I got a dollar for every time I was told that I was crazy not to audition . 
has WAY too much to do this weekend : Assassins , 3 hour Chapel rehearsal , recital , work , and the Oratorio ... not to mention the < PROPFEMALE > paper that's due Monday which I've barely had time to start . Ugh . 
would really like to sleep right about now . Too bad I have to work in two hours . 
really wishes that it wasn't SO FREAKING DIFFICULT to figure out summer school and transfer credit . 
got room-draw number 028 ! WAY better than last year's 630ish ! Hmmm , which rooms in Mellby are the ones with the cool windows ? Is it a good or bad thing to have those windows ? I don't remember , can you see out of them at all ? 
is tired . Not like I-didn't-get-enough-sleep tired , or I-just-ran-a-mile tired , more like It's-the-middle-of-Spring-and-I-just-don't-want-to-do-anything-productive-especially-homework-because-I've-just-had-too-many-big-projects-lately tired . 
thinks it's incredibly stupid that the PRAXIS test is at 7:30 in the morning and that they specifically say that you can't use a mechanical pencil . Lucky that I just happened to have two regular pencils in my drawer ... 
has officially added the Theory/Composition emphasis . It even shows up on SIS now ! :) 
will be chillin ' in Mellby 401 next year . :) 
is a little concerned about the fact that , right after all that really sudden , really hard hail , his windows are now leaking ... o.O 
A bat came to hear the St. Olaf Band concert ! I thought it was cool that it wanted to hear the awesome music , but some other people were not quite so ecstatic . 
is enjoying listening to Ottorino Respighi's < PROPMALE > Trilogy . 
has written seven pages for the < PROPMALE > . Psych . paper . I need at least three more , but I don't know what else to write ! 
never knows whether he's supposed to dress up for the ensemble auditions or not . No matter what I wear , I feel awkward . Argh . 
will be angry if he is not at least called back . That was a pretty darn good audition . 
Rain for days + Sudden sunshine and warmth with not much wind = Me outside throwing a frisbee and a foxtail with < PROPFEMALE > Butler and < PROPFEMALE > Jones . However , Rain for days + Sudden sunshine and warmth with not much wind = Lots and lots of gnats . Unfortunately , Me outside for an extended amount of time + Lots and lots of gnats = My legs are bugfood . Ow . 
thinks WolframAlpha.com is pretty much the coolest thing ever . 
Dr. Aspaas is staying at St. Olaf ! :D \ 
Sorry you didn't get the job , Dr. Aspaas , but we would've missed you WAY too much ! 
just got a new refrigerator for next year . It's a lot bigger than I was expecting . Unfortunately , I don't think I can put it in storage over the summer . Anyone going to be on campus all summer and need a fridge ? 
was gone for less than two days and came back to 52 email messages ... 
has stuff in Mellby storage , now , and has begun packing . Two more finals , one more day , and then I'm DONE ! 
will be done with Music History II , finals and sophomore year in three hours . 
is done ! Now to start packing ... 
is in DeKalb . 
just had the first day of history class at Kish . God , I'm back in high school again , and it is NOT good to be back ... I miss being at REAL college . 
was assigned to read a paper written by one of the professor's students that he had when he worked at the high school as though it were a scholarly work . Uhm , what the crap ?!? Since when has a high school essay been considered scholarly enough for a college class to read ? 
saw the Chicago Symphony Orchestra perform Beethoven's 1st and 7th Symphonies and the < PROPFEMALE > Overture no . 3 and it was AMAZING ! I finally saw the CSO live for the first time EVER after living an hour or so from Chicago for 14 years . Oi ... Took long enough ... Definitely amazing , though . 
Happy World Juggling Day , everybody ! 
Wow , Disney is really sickeningly desperate for more money if they're making an entire movie out of the 5 minute clip from Fantasia called the Sorcerer's Apprentice . 
was surprised at the quality of ( most of ) the corps at the Drum and Bugle Corps show , considering it was only the level II bands . Most of them did quite well . I was also surprised at the results ( other than first place ) , but in a less positive way . 
would have spent somewhere between $282.35 and $376.35 if all textbooks had been bought at the bookstore ( which is SIGNIFICANTLY less than previous semesters ) , but instead I just got them all for a total of only $149.59 by buying elsewhere . I feel quite thrifty . :) 
Did Newt Gingrich really compare the Community Center near Ground Zero to the work of Nazis ? That man seriously needs to crawl in a hole and stay there for the rest of his life . 
just successfully packed for an entire years ' worth of school ... THE NIGHT BEFORE LEAVING !!! Epic Win !!! :D 
just got back from the Minnesota State Fair ! 
is moved in ! Wait , a huge messy pile on your bed and desk counts as moved in , right ? 
has nine hours of work today . The first shift started at 8am this morning and the last shift ends at 2am tonight . Ew . The good news is that I have more hours in the next five days than I normally have in an entire month , plus I'm getting paid 90 cents more through Wednesday ! 
Mellby is gonna be pretty freaking awesome this year . There are so many people living here . SO much better than Larson last year . I won't be isolated anymore ! Huzzah ! 
is amazed at how great Chapel Choir already sounds . Second rehearsal , and we sound gooooooooood . 
is going to be working in a school twenty minutes away starting at 8:20 on Thursdays . Ew . Oh well , I won't complain too much since it's middle school band instead of general kindergarten like last year . SO much better ! 
was actually looking forward to his field experience , unlike all of last year . Then the car wouldn't turn on . ARGH ! I might need help fixing it . And if it isn't fixed , I might need to borrow a car next week . 
can not believe how incredibly difficult it is to find transliterations ( note , I do NOT mean translations ) of the Hebrew of the Tanakh ( what Jews call the Old Testament ) and the Arabic of the Qur'an for a possible future choral project . 
got his car fixed ! Then he went to swing club for the first time and learned the basics of swing dancing ! Now time to study some more for an < PROPFEMALE > quiz ! 
Middle schoolers are SO much better than elementary schoolers ! I've always heard that middle schoolers are crazy to try to work with , but they are WONDERFUL in comparison ! \ 
\ 
They sure play out of tune , though ... ;) 
is going to have to accept defeat and admit that he is ( quite suddenly ) sick for the first time in nearly two years . 
just got his final back for Music History from last year . Uhm , hmm , that's not late , is it ? 
Happy < PROPMALE > Erikson Day ! 
conducted warm-ups in the 6th grade band today and will be directing one of their pieces : \Westwind Overture \"!" 
is home for the weekend . 
is back on campus . 
is going to have a busy next couple of weeks . 
Oh , great , NONE of the Minnesota gubernatorial candidates are good ! Ugh , I guess I'll be following the popular trend of not voting FOR somebody but rather voting AGAINST someone else ... 
Aren't I supposed to feel relieved that it's the weekend ? 
typed \ethnomusicologist\ " and spell-check suggested \ " nonalcoholic . \ " What ? " 
How exactly am I supposed to make a unit plan for an 8th grade general music class ? I've NEVER been in one ! I don't even know what they learn at that level ! 
Oh , Choral Day , I love how you suck so much happiness ( and homework time ) from my life . 
just found out that one of the classes he wants to get into next year has only 3 spots for juniors . AND , with only 64% of the student body participating so far , I'm seat 3 in the class but already seat 2 for juniors . Hopefully that doesn't mean I have a crappy number this year . :( I don't know what I would do if I don't get into that class , since my other option has a time conflict with another required class ... 
Continuance Recital is DONE ! Now I can finally breathe ! Oh wait , I haven't even STARTED my homework yet ... -_- 
Henryk Górecki died today ! :( 
Why does the Music Building smell like sewage ? :( 
The SPCO's last piece was SPECTACULAR ! \Sketches from Folk Scenes\ " by Timo Alakotila . Too bad it was the US premiere ; not gonna be easy to find a recording of it . " 
It's break ! 
Yep , same dreary Illinois winter weather as I remember . I already miss the blue skies that are nice enough to live in Minnesota but only visit here . 
Black Friday embodies just about everything that I hate about < PROPFEMALE > . 
Oh boy , did Rush Limbaugh really try to claim that whites got the worse end of the deal when they first came to the Americas since Indians gave them tobacco and it has killed more people than the number of Indians who were killed ? Really ? o.O 
is back on campus . Dinner , anyone ? 
Homework fail . Throat fail . Time fail . Raaawwwrrrrrr . 
Oh , good morning world ... at 3pm ... 
I feel like Christmas Fest was surprisingly easy to prepare this year . Then again I only have my freshman year's to compare it to . 
Does anybody have any safety pins that I can borrow ( or have) ? I need to fix my robe since the button I've been using since the beginning of the year is no longer working . 
That was a good first Fest . Too bad somebody ruined the silence after Beautiful Savior by clapping after only like 3 seconds of silence instead of 30ish . Oh yeah , and too bad some audience member had to get carried out of the room . I don't know who it was or why . 
< PROPFEMALE > much snow outside ! :D 
Ugh , homework time now . 
Electronic Music for Interim has FINALLY been figured out ! 
might actually be done with something for Principles of < PROPMALE > . more than 12 hours before it's due for the first time ever ! 
So we're definitely predicted to get between 6''-12 '' of snow Friday night . Awesome ! 
Chapel Choir Caroling in this weather ? YEEESSSS !!! 
Yep , it is -15° right now . WIN ! 
Thanks , St. Olaf , for making it nearly impossible to reach my < PROPMALE > . class due to snow . 
I hate it when people are sitting in the practice room ... texting . Gah ! 
ANOTHER 4''-8 '' of snow tonight ? YES !!!!! :D 
I now already have one more pink card than I need to graduate . It is now my goal to graduate with more than 100 pink cards . 39 in three semesters ? Easy ! :D 
Okay , continuance jury , it's time to meet your proverbial maker ! 
BAM ! That jury is finished ! Okay , so three finals and a jury finished , four finals to go . I'm halfway done ! 
Hooray ! Nothing like going to a pleasantly-uncrowded swing dance with people like < PROPFEMALE > Schaefle to help destress for finals . It's amazing how quickly it all comes back , considering it's been nearly two months since the last time I was able to go . And I even got to learn a couple new moves ! 
Okay , music history . Let's dance . 
Six finals and a jury done ! Now all I have left is my Choral Conducting final , clearing off what is likely to be about 10 feet of snow on and around my car , and a six hour drive before I can go to bed ! 
Well , it's a bit annoying that the drive home which normally takes about 5 ½ hours took a full 8 ½ hours , but at least I'm still alive ! Time for SLEEP ! 
?? ??? ?????? ?? ? ec ?? c o ? ?? ??? a ? a ?? a ? e ? a ?? ?? o ? y ? c ? e ? y ?. ? ay a ? ??? a ? ? y ? ???? ?? a ?? ya ? ? e ?? y ??. 10 points to whoever figures out what I said first . ;) 
Back at \home\ " ( on the hill) ! :D " 
So I just found out about Orkut . It's a Google social networking site . Interesting . I might have to investigate . 
The good news is that I'm working 13 hours per week this month . The bad news is that , unless I use the entire rest of my printing money for the rest of the year , I can't do 90% of my homework while working since we can't have computers at the desk . >:( 
First broomball game of the season : WIN ! 2-1 in the second overtime ! 
AAAAHHH !!!! NOT ENOUGH COMPUTERS FOR OUR CLASSS !!!!! ARRGGHHH !!! >:( 
When first I appear I seem deleterious , but when explained I'm nothing serious . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > for two and half days straight of JUGGLING !!!!! :D 
has FINALLY gotten continuance confirmation in campus mail ! I already knew , but I hadn't gotten written confirmation yet . \ 
Also , the last of my books came today . The instrumental conducting book is huge . 
had fun cross country skiing for the first time ever , even though it was night and below -5° . :D 
camping , brb 
Dinner at the Asian House , Breakfast at the Norwegian House . Mmmmm ! Now : FINISH THE OSLO ISS ESSAYS !!!!! HUZZAH ! 
is back in DeKalb . 
is back home on campus . 
had one class cancelled yesterday and another cancelled today . Wow . In other news , I've st < PROPMALE > ed working on French horn for at least the next three weeks and am taking an < PROPMALE > class for the first time since 5th grade . 
had fun sledding for the first time this year with < PROPFEMALE > Schaefle ! :D 
St. Olaf < PROPFEMALE > Fest 2011 !!!!! XD 
XD 
First SDS trip !!! :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > makes me cry on the inside when he whips his hair back and forth . 
XD\ 
... again 
I have come up with a system of trimodality yielding high chromaticism despite little dissonance . No idea if it will be very good or useful , but I definitely just wrote a short four-part contrapuntal chorale using a combination of Phrygian-Dorian , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > -Minor ( which gives 11/12 pitches ) , and it actually sounds surprisingly normal and ... traditional ... Next step is to compose something less boring with it ! 
Sorry , St. Olaf Summer Music Camp , I can't be a camp counselor this summer because jeg vil gå til Oslo , Norge ! 
had an awesome time at SDS , again ! :D 
smells the smell of spring showers , and it is GLORIOUS ! 
is trying to decide whether to apply as a normal hall receptionist or as a BA for next year . 
Sparrows ! ( < PROPFIRST > Schwantner ) xD 
has booked the flights to get to Norway for the Oslo International Summer School . It's official ! XD 
just got 30 catches while juggling five balls ! TWICE ! XD 
met < PROPFIRST > GrandPré , illustrator of the < PROPMALE > Potter book series , today . 
Ytterboe 336 !!! Our first choice !!! XD 
Watch the St. Olaf Chapel Choir ( and the St. Olaf Orchestra ) perform in Boe at 3:30 this afternoon ! 
is about ready for Spring Break , now ... 
Is anyone staying at St. Olaf for the summer and want to borrow a fridge ? Or does anyone know anyone in such a situation ? 
This is my favorite kind of rain . Everyone should go outside and let the sun fall on their faces and let the rain fall on their skin , then take a big breath and let their nostrils fill with pure joy . 
Band audition is DONE !!! 
thought < PROPFIRST > Kling was AWESOME last night ! If you have a < PROPMALE > , try to go tonight ! But for now , it's time for LUTEFEST VIII ! 
Does anybody want to borrow a fridge this summer ? I can't take it home and there's nowhere ( to my knowledge ) where it can be stored on campus . 
is officially a member of the 2011-2012 St. Olaf Band euphonium section !!!!! :D Now , time to go practice ... 
is done with classes . o.O \ 
Now just a jury and finals left . 
The St. < PROPFIRST > Chamber Orchestra was awesome . I really liked < PROPFIRST > Adams ' \Son of Chamber Symphony . \ " :) " 
is getting a little annoyed that I still haven't gotten two of my grades yet and am not yet registered for composition lessons next semester . 
just spent almost two hours at the DMV , even though it's the middle of a Friday when people should be either at work or school . Well , at least it's done , now , and my license is renewed ! 
Hmmm ... Isn't there some sort of deadline for when the professors have to have their grades in ? It's been one day less than two weeks since the final for one class , and two days MORE than two weeks since the final for the other ! 
is printing off two eight-page compositions and entry forms for the MMEA collegiate composition contest ! :) 
Nixon in < PROPFEMALE > on PBS 
just picked up my kroner 
just , with the help of < PROPMALE > H Connelly's Norwegian , bought a ticket to see < PROPMALE > Potter 7 pt 2 at the midnight showing ... in OSLO ! And to make it even more exciting , it's two nights BEFORE the premiere in the US ! Mwahahah ... Hmm , I guess that means I should actually see pt 1 before I leave ... 
Tally Hall . Good and Evil . :) 
is headed for Norway ! :) 
is in Norway ! :D 
Wow . Great first couple of days . I am exhausted from walking all over the city . 
liker norsk mye . :D 
Hmm ... so ... Instead of signing me up for the Jotunheim hiking trip , they signed me up for the Jotunheim rafting trip . Seeing as I am not prepared to go rafting , nor have any great < PROPFEMALE > to go rafting , but would instead MUCH rather go hiking , I now have to show up for hiking and HOPE that somebody else DOESN'T show up so that I can get in , even though it was THEIR mistake , not mine ... \ 
Grr ... 
I just realized that the norsk/engelsk dictionary that I bought today has random < PROPMALE > and Hobbes comics throughout it . Best . Dictionary . Ever . 
Summary of \The Saga of Gisli\ " : [ Insert name here ] dies . Repeat . Repeat . Repeat . Repeat . Repeat . Repeat ..... The end . " 
Hmmm ... I just uploaded 375 photos to facebook . Too much ? Naaaaahhh ! \ 
Jotunheimen was an amazing experience ! I'm glad I could bring a camera along to capture the beautiful vistas ! 
just got the most awesomely awesome postcard from Bjorn Wastvedt . Why is it so awesome ? Because it's a strip of birch bark taken from the North Superior Trail . 
is watching < PROPMALE > Potter 7 pt 2 . HAH ! 
So . Much . Epic . XD 
is off to Bergen 
I'm really not sure whether the creepy guy in the park was talking to < PROPFIRST > Dunn or me when he said \Du er ei deilig dame\ " as we walked past . He was looking at me . o.O " 
spent the afternoon at Sognsvann and went swimming for the first time in a very long time . It was nice . :) 
One final down , one left , and then I'm done with the Oslo International Summer School ! :( I feel like I just got here a week ago ! 
Second final is finished . :( :) :( I don't really know how to feel . I don't have to worry about any more classes for another month now :) , but on the other hand it means that 1 . I am no longer in a class that I actually really liked a lot , and 2 . I leave ISS in less than 24 hours and I leave Norway in less than five days . :( 
is back in DeKalb ! I'm just glad it's cooler today here than it has been . I was sweating already ! This is gonna take a while to get used to ... 
I just finished uploading all of the last of my photos from Norway . I've uploaded a total of 1507 photos , plus videos , to facebook . Wow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Schaefle came to visit ! Yay ! So excited ! 
has now driven in downtown Chicago . Twice . 
just went through the entire next school year and added everything to Google Calendar . It must be about time for school to start ... 
My room is a disaster zone ... o.O 
I'm all moved into my new room now . My room is STILL a disaster zone ... o.O 
I have a strong suspicion that the St. Olaf music education faculty are trying , with all of their energy , to either make us go insane or make us collapse in a pile of exhaustion to wither away and die . 
has caught the plague . 
Painfless . Adjective . Both painful and painless . \ 
Props to < PROPFEMALE > Schaefle . ;) 
just sat approximately 10 feet behind < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > who then narrated for a piece in the St. < PROPFIRST > Chamber Orchestra concert . And my roommate got his autograph . No big deal . Just a normal day at St. Olaf ... 
