finally saw Casino Royale and was very confused 

Uuuuughhhh 
has decreased his stress by 37.5% 
hates watching Wheel of Fortune with Begona in the room 
just watched Fight Club and is going to give sleep a second try 
is packing 
What is this rumor that the < PROPMALE > of Pop is dead ? I'm still here . 
Found his slammer while packing . Yes ! 
thinks kgb had their idea about 10 years too late 
thinks he may have broken his foot 
is driving to < PROPFIRST > . If only there were a way one could propel themselves through the air at speeds higher than a conventional car can go ... 
drove 2500 < PROPMALE > this weekend 
is tirreeeedd 
thinks it's time to restock ( his body ) with Advil 
is moving to Texas on Friday 
thinks it's sad and frightening when a TV network won't air a presidential speech because they think < PROPFEMALE>'s Got Talent will bring in better ratings ... and they're right . \The only problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's m " 
is lucky he had a spare Honda on the trip to < PROPFIRST > . The transmission went out . I knew that car wouldn't make it ! 
is enjoying his new house even if though there's boxes everywhere and I'm pretty sure a tow truck driver stole our house key today . 
is waiting for his Rockstar to cool off in the freezer ... poor planning on my part . 
has already worked 3 days this week 
Why do crescent wrench makers insist on making the tip slightly smaller than the rest ?!! 
saw deer , some bats and an armadillo tonight . Time to set some traps . 
wants to make more carribean jerk New York strip steaks . I just need to find another carribean jerk ... 
Cooking crab legs for a late lunch 
Is so sore from the first P90X that he couldnt ' sleep ... 
So freakin sore ... 
Facebook's login < PROPFEMALE > is convinced that my preferred language is French 
Homemade lasagna time ! 
witnessed some blindly bright lightning last night 
Turns out the Spurge weeds in my yard have a chemical that's 10,000 to 100,000 times stronger than the checmical that makes peppers spicey and my finger tips are withering up ... but so are the uprooted weeds behind my fence ! Suckers . 
Time for P90x day 2 ... take 2 
Is glad to have the day off caue the weekend would've felt way too short . 
? )) ??? ? 
Facebook is dying 
is tired , and achey yet feeling energetic . 
, after 5 years of analysis , has determined that < PROPFIRST > Mayer's Heavier Things is a great album . 
is bacheloring it up this weeked . Current Itenerary , eat junk food and watch Brazil vs Chile . Next , whatever I feel like I wanna do , GOSH 
Today is the moment of truth : P90x or P2x . 
Frustrated w/ work 
started out the day by killing a scorpion in the kitchen . 
dreamed that he tried to eat his dog in his sleep . Stupid PETA videos . 
It's freezing outside ! Well ... 66 
is wondering how he ended up doing the Biochemistry homework while Begona is on Facebook . On another note , I brushed my teeth with a 50/50 mixture of tooth paste and cologne last night ... awful . 
The Nobel Peace Prize has lost all meaning 
heard 2009 Nobel Physics prize will go to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for discovering the < PROPFEMALE > walk 
Got kicked off the internet today so I mowed my \lawn\ " so that the dogs couldn't disappear in it anymore . It had to have been the source of at least half of the pollen currently floating around < PROPFIRST >." 
loves playing soccer ! 
has had his car at the mechanic 52 out of the last 90 days . I think it's actually been worked on about 6 of those days . Time to < PROPFEMALE > some Texan butt 
dang that Miley < PROPMALE > and her catchy tunes !!! >:O 
Closet thing to taking heaven and stuffing it in your mouth : Cheddarwurst . ... it's also the closet thing to stuffing a quadruple bypass in your mouth 
What a bunch of idiots the people at Fox are . Where is House ! 
Got a renter ! 
Tacos . Tacos are what's on my mind . 
Picked out all the good < PROPFEMALE > before all the kids started coming 
thinks baby teeth are scary . 
wishes Z-Tejas ' food tasted a little better 
Still has a stomach ache from pop corn lastnight 
has had a relentless need for sleep lately . 
needs neighbors in farmville to expand his puny farm :( A little help ? 
is glad he guessed the correct order for the spark plug cables on his car's distributor . 
Pilgrims ... they struggled to grow food , many of them starved and/or became ill over the Winter in the New World . Yet just prior to start of the next Winter , they went and ate half of their food supply in a hasty celebration ?? 
is so glad it's the week , < PROPMALE > ! 
traded the money disposer for a Mazda 6 ! 
Laziness is my anti-fitness . 
has rekindled his love for ramen . 
3 hours of sleep , then a 14 hour drive to stuffing my face ... with stuffing . 
Double bowl of ramen ! 
after 6 years , has finally finished figuring out the entire guitar part to When the Water Breaks by Liquid Tension Experiment ! 
Hey Mr. < PROPFIRST > , whatcha gonna do ? Whatcha gonna do ? Make our dreams come true . 
May have finally gotten the thermomostat dialed in to stop freezing me during the day and baking me at night . 
Anyone want a very sweet , female , non-wrinkly Shar Pei/Pitbull mix ? My friends have two young kids and are trying to find her a home just to play it extra safe . 
Can't wait to see his new puppy ! 
Has that heavy , fuzzy eyed feeling from looking at a monitor for 12+ hours ... 
New official pet peeve : Movies that end with a song and all of the actors dancing and showing how goofy and fun-loving they can be even though they're big and important ! :| 
is officially on vacation 
just spent about 5 hours trying to transfer my mom's calendar and contacts from Palm Desktop to her BlackBerry 
wants to see Avatar in 3D again ! 
The 20\ CRT tv isn't doing the Playstation 3 justice " 
discovered a zillion white hairs last night . 
thanks everyone for their birthday wishes 
wants to hear Avenged Sevenfold cover the song from Benji the Hunted 
Is slightly disappointed at Pandora's ability to learn me . 
Hey Farmville neighbors . I could really use some white picket fences on my farm . Thanks ! 
In case anyone hasn't heard since they're not advertising it , Boondock Saints 2 came out a while back and is still in some theaters ! 
Hello FV neighbors . Please send me white wash fences . I need a bunch ! Check my recent posts for bonuses and a black mystery egg . 
I need whitewash fences please . Thanks to those who have sent some ! 
reached the monthly hours limit on Pandora ... dangit ! 
Why do garbage truck drivers have to wear neon jackets ? 
A door to door salesman just asked me if my mom or dad was home . 
Why does facebook look gay ? 
and Begoña Stevenson prepared 19 meals in 4 hours ! 
bored ... and hungry 
doesn't understand why Google thinks Google Wave is so amazing . I can't even think of a use for it . 
I think there's going to be at least one season of Lost after this one , who's w/ me ? There's just no way of knowing ! 
No , I was not the guy who crashed the plane into the IRS building 
Wireless devices make me wish I was born about a century later . They probably figure out how to make them work by then . 
now effectively has 6 monitors 
washed the car in shorts on Sunday , built a snowman today . 
The US beat Canada in hockey for the first time in 50 years ! And even more extraordinary , < PROPFEMALE > Grace was doing a story on someone over the age of 10 last night !! 
is trying to convince Begoña to grow me a ninja turtle at work . 
had a great weekend with Begoña . Got some sun , and got a bunch done . Including installing a light bulb that's been out over the stairs since we moved in using a book , a case of rockstar and a ladder 
is now an eating machine 
Ohhhh < PROPMALE > boyyyy ... our home and native land 
didn't get the memo that March had started ... 
thinks Google remembered April fools day at about 11:45 last night . 
is not ready for the weekend to end 
thinks the second occurance of Fantasie Impromptu in Lost's alternate timeline is interesting 
Orange Dream Machine time ! 
is working from the patio enjoying the beautiful weather 
Are leaves made out of wood ? 
got bribed into being a shopping assistant my Jamba Juice yet again 
This < PROPFEMALE>'s smells like pirates of the caribbean 
How can it be Thursday already again ?? 
New pet peeve : movies that start w/ a cartoon sumary of the movie during the opening credits 
How do you train a dog to stop peeing on his own paws ? 
is redoing our budget 
Ravioli , hotwings and the Suns game ... too bad TiVo tricked me into making my food an hour before the game 
Yes , Pandora , I'm still listening after you've played 1 song and an ad ... 
Finally watching Boondock Saints II 
Loves how iPhone stops playing a song when I get out of the car and starts again when I get back in . 
80° at 60% humidity is HOT ! 
24 days till the World Cup ! 
Coolest Google homepage ever 
Anyone else have an iPhone/iPod that stops charging at 97% ? 
Thought the Lost series finale was good and satisfying 
What a team effort by the Suns ! 
Just scored himself 40 more hours of Pandora for the month for freeeeeeeee 
Hopes the word \flavor\ " is never used in IT again " 
Freakin Suns giving me an adrenaline boost before bed ! 
Thought I was eating the fuzziest peach ever but it was just covered in dog hair 
Grrrr ... old guitar strings lasted me a year and a half . New guitar strings : 2 days >:O 
Got all my World Cup games scheduled on the TiVo ! For the next two weeks at least . 
Lost my phone ( due to some kind of anti gravity field ) and had it returned by a neighbor before I realized it was gone . 
Wish I knew the UV index was 11+ yesterday before not wearing sunscreen 
chopped a fly that's been in my house for 3 days in half with a sandle from 15 feet away 
Is writing code to keep track of the fractions of a cent that get rounded off each transaction ... At 7/11 , you've taken a < PROPFEMALE > from the tray right ? Well we're talking just a fraction of that . 
Not sure why these horns are being characterized as this unique African tradition . I don't remember the last time I watched a game that didn't have them going . 
has Brick House with the wrong words stuck in my head 
< PROPFEMALE>'s national anthem sounds very theatrical 
Holy crap , U.S. soccer team ! 
A little disappointed in the WC officiating so far . 
Oh good . The new iPhone OS takes away things I like about my phone . I love the iPhone technology , but I might hate Apple . 
No offense to those of you who like it , but yoga is so boring ! 
WOOOOOOOOOOO ! Go USA ! 
That kenako kid before the world cup matches creeps me out 
If Altidore makes any less an effort he'll be asleep . 
Nice try < PROPMALE > , almost had a goal 
Just cut the cost of my airfare to Phoenix by almost 50% by booking a flight to < PROPMALE > instead ! 
can't even stand the sound of Gilmore Girls . 
Damn you Kelis ! Get out of my head and take your milkshake with you ! 
* World Cup Spoiler Alert * Don't know if Ghana deserved a free kick , but either way , what a shameful way for Uruguay to advance ! 
Dog nails bleed a LOT when you clip them too short . Wow ... 
Weed wacker aka frog slayer :( 
An ripper X : I hate it ... but I hate it . 
World cup , pizza , and PS3 
Farmvillers : I think maybe you don't have to have a million friends to expand to 26 x 26 . I clicked buy before it finished loading and I expanded . 
has gained 6 lbs in 10 days 
Downloaded 250 of my favorite new songs heard on Pandora . There will be no getting bored on the way to and from Colorado now ! 
Just remembered tomorrow's not Monday . Sweet 
Goodbye for 4 years televised soccer 
has a cartoon-like lump on his head 
Anyone know why my PS3 audio and video cuts out sporadically since changing to an HDMI cable ? 
You now have to have a prescpription for over the counter drugs to pay with an HSA . Thanks Obama 
Tired of broken foot ! Heal already ... 
Has to wear an air cast for the next 8 weeks ! :( 
Yay , my AirCast arrived ! Now I can stop wearing a snowboarding boot and look like a proper gimp . 
Physics people : Would a fish in an aquarium in a fighter jet experience the same G-forces as the pilot ? 
My expectations were a little too high but Inception was good ! 
UV light ... my arch nemesis ... we meet again 
I'll miss you TiVo 
Farmvillers : Do the crafting building's eventually upgrade to more stars by making goods or do you have to pay coins or FV cash ? 
Is so glad Begoña's ok after getting run off the road by an 18 wheeler 
is getting wailed on by lightning 
Farmville neighbors : Do the crafting building's ( spa , winery , bakery ) upgrade to more stars from making goods or is the only way by purchasing the upgrade ? 
Finished unpacking from the move ! 
still has nothing to say . 
is not a fan of the Autin hot sauce festival . Crowd , lines , sweat , germs , and nasty salsa . 
Happy 3 year anniversary Begoña . I love you ! 
Buying that pack of smoked jalapeño sausages might be the best decision I've ever made 
6 hours of sleep on a holiday weekend ... something is wrong here . 
Just got Avatar on blu-ray ! 
I wonder if Obama's infrastructure plan takes timing into consideration so all the projects don't get dead locked waiting on materials that can't be shipped . 
Why , oh why did I commit to a Rockstar hiatus ? 
Bummed . The doc said I can bet back in a shoe instead of the boot but still 3 weeks till I can do anything on it and 6 weeks till it's fully healed 
seems to have an unexplainable earthworm infestation in his office ??? 
Trying marinating chicken in liquid smoke and chipotle tobasco 
Boo babybel ! Whatever happened to mini Gouda ? 
Why have I never been on the team that wins their first game of the season in any sport ? ( And don't say cause I suck because I didn't even play the first game this time ) 
is pretty sure < PROPMALE > Ford and < PROPFIRST > Gere had a baby and named him < PROPMALE > Maher . 
hates paying 6% of his annual income to Social \Security\ " . It's BS . " 
Chillin on Lake < PROPFIRST > 
Has been reinstalling windows and other software all weekend . Thumbs down 
We've been in < PROPFIRST > a year now and so far Begoña has almost been hit by a kamikaze pilot , and shot on campus . I don't think I like it here . 
Hates getting up before the sun 
Has been getting intense food cravings this week . First french bread pizza . Now Los Favoritos . This one's going to be a problem . 
No , I don't want a car wash , gas pump ! 
Is loving his new office chair 
I think I just saw Sting dressed like a bum . \ 
\ 
On another note , I can't believe companies are still using the ghostbusters song for commercials . 
Just saw my first firefly ! 
There is absolutely nowhere good to eat around here . 
Just killed the mother of all spiders . Literally . I dropped my sandal on it and 300 < PROPFEMALE > spiders went running out from under it like I swishes some kind of composite spider . Well , back to hunting bait for my gecko trap ... 
Just came inches or less from getting t-boned on the way to the airport . 
Went to see < PROPFIRST > Roday and Dulé Hill live at a Psych sneak peek but it was full . Back to work ... :( 
If anyone's looking for a monitor , Frys has a ASUS HD 24\ for $150 after a $20 rebate this weekend . Best deal I've seen so far . " 
Long weekend , woo hoo ! 
Did anyone see Sound Garden on Conan ? Awful !!! 
Has candle wax in his eye 
My homemade greenhouse got up to 92 degrees today ! That might have been too hot . 
Is hearing European sirens outside ... 
The Farmville Christmas gifts thing is lame this year ! 
still loves not having finals this time of year 
Sanity and genius are relative 
Hates Disney 
loves owning a piano ! 
Ghost chili salsa batch 2 burns the flesh a little bit . Trying to clear my sinuses ... 
It's almost free Krispy Kreme time ! 
It was colder in < PROPFIRST > than Iceland today . Ice land ! 
Obama reminded me how he pulled so many votes tonight . 
Likes the fog this morning 
is annoyed by eating 
It is easy to be closed-minded to the closed-minded . 
Time to throw back a Mountain Dew Throwback 
We had 2 days of 75 degree weather only to be followed up tomorrow by 9 degree weather . What the crap ! 
What a day ... 
Sweet ! It's supposed to hit freezing tomorrow . 
< PROPMALE>'s home and walking again ! 
Making a jalapeño , smoked cheddar , bacon burger . So much for healthy ... 
Poll : If something offends someone else , is it wrong ? 
suspects the word \manager\ " is a fancy synonym for \ " babysitter \"" 
I keep having people drive up to my house , leaving flyers on the door , then driving away . They're not going to any of my neighbors ' doors . Is my house getting scoped out to be robbed ? 
It's going to be a long week 
Another 6.5 earthquake in Nagano & Niigata . Japan is taking a beating 
To anyone who has ever played Farmville : If you played long enough to accumulate at least 25 Farville Cash , you can donate it to Earthquake/Tsunami relief in Japan ( Zynga will buy it from you ) . I've been saving it up for over a year but jumped at the < PROPMALE > to spend it on something real instead of an animation on a screen . If you have some left , put it to a good cause . Just start up Farmville and it should ask you . 
\Who is Justice Beaver ? \"" 
Why can't that last 20 percent of a hamburger bun be cut in half ? 
Well it's 11:51 ... I guess I should start thinking about dinner 
is biting the bullet and taking the plunge to OS 4 
South By Southwest = 4000 bands I've never heard of . ( E.G. \What would Gaga Do ? \ " and \ " Smoked-Meat Poutine - The Montreal Special Sauce \")" 
I don't watch Glee , but I hope they're not encouraging Gweneth Paltrow's \singing\ " career by letting her sing " 
What my burger is stuffed with is definitely not Jalapeño . I guess I learned my lesson about stocking up on vegetables from a fast food salsa bar ... 
Begoña : \Look at this guy\ " \ 
Awoke in the middle of the night to something that had crawled down my shirt biting or stinging me . Bugs have really bad instincts . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > when they're NOT playing the US ! 
Warning : This story may be considered to be TMI by some . \ 
I went to use the toilet and a dead scorpion fell into it off of me . Holy crap ! 
Feeling the old man soreness after soccer 
is feeling quite belligerent today . 
is not a fan of the Office 2010 look 
Why does my insurance have a maximum they will pay after the deductable ? Doesn't that defeat the purpose ? Doesn't that make me their insurance ? \ 
( I think this needs to be said like < PROPFIRST > Stossel ) 
They should really stop printing credit card < PROPFIRST > on the card 
