I need out of here ! And by here I mean VA . What a day . 

killed at the gym . Oh yes I was . I hope this pays off very soon . 
I need out of the house- really . . . 
do we have a sister church in < PROPFEMALE > ? I want to < PROPFIRST > to take orders there . He wants to and I want to . 
Finish The shack and be still my soul , get a tan and drop 2 dress sizes for the ball by August 1st lol 
laundry and sleep and cat litter and everything else I should get up and do ! 
I've been runnin ' from the man that goes by the name of the sandman . He flys the sky like an eagle in the eye ofa hurricane thats abandoned . Why that song is in my head-I dont know . oh boy this coffee kicked in um- 6 hours later and I feel like a crazy aw 
Encouraged by Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for doing a great job mowing the huge lawn . What a great gift for a military family on Independence weekend ! 
Please pray for the little girl in the carjacking off of witchduckroad at a 7-11 . The mother was punched in the face and the guy took off with the 18month old girl inside an < PROPFEMALE > alert is out 
I am thinking about food . . . and < PROPFIRST > . I guess he is comming home tomorrow . 
Sleep- Long day ! Great day <3 
Just woke up and maybe I should go back to sleep I still feel yucky- blah 
Laundry and laundry and more laundry . 
I will have a house of 9 from august 14- august 21 .... need I say more ! 
beautiful brunch and now watching baby sleep- he is out like sholderpads 
beautiful brunch and now watching baby sleep- he is out like shoulderpads 
Missed a meeting , we need to hire a secretery 
looking forward to housing 4 sisters from Geogia for the ICMC tomorrow ! 
\Humble yourself and cease to care what men think . A meek man is not a human mouse afflicted with a sense of his own inferiority . Rather ... he has stopped being fooled about himself . He knows well that the world will never see him as God sees him and he has stopped caring . He has obtained a place of soul rest . The old struggle to defend himself is over . \ " ~ A . W . Tozer ( thanks < PROPFEMALE > ) <3 " 
I need a nap ! or some starbucks ! 
mia family in town <3 Richmond tommorrow ! 
<3 loved richmond today . Love my church family . love love love you all 
< PROPFIRST > . . . 
Aiden got some shots today and well I am going to be resting . Lost my glasses on Saturday this is no good . 
I want my glasses . . . 
\Blessed is the man whom God corrects ; so do not despise the discipline of the Almighty . job 5:17 This is where it cuts guys can I hear an amen lol- no really though " 
i would like to run away for a few hours any one want to help me do that by house sitting while baby sleeps ? lol 
and the search goes on . Limited tv- and computer today so I can have eyes to drive . 
found my glasses in aidens playpen net . YAY . My eyes are not happy yet though . . . Still way more thankful for my glasses today than last week . 
opening all of the windows . I am so thankful for this breezy cooler day . It may be super wet but my house needs aired out ! Cleaning time ! 
I hate being sick uhhhhh . . . . 
I want a pulled pork bbq sandwich and a starbucks . lol One of my 4 preggo good friends must be sending me their cravings . Stop ! ( or maybe its the after sick got my apitite back thing)I only got a 10 ! I feel encouraged today and I don't have a school aged child whoo 
making chilli for my man before he heads out to sea . uhhh sea duty , some ones gotta do it . 
I am going to rip my brain and eyes out . Hope no one minds . 
any one have an old jumper I can have for like 2 or 3 months . Aiden is driving me crazy jumping in his < PROPMALE > like a crazy happy child that I am so thankful for . 
So I put Aiden in a jonnyjumper and he sat there for a minute before bouncing backwards to get momentum to then swing forward . My child is a thrill seeker and banged into the door frame . I showed him the right way but it wasnt cool enough- he tries to run in it- Thanks for trying < PROPFEMALE > Eddlemon haha it tagged you funny 
regency-hilltop-green run- heading to red mills soon man I am quick tripping every corner of VA beach and aiden just wants to be home poor kid . 
my baby has a 5th tooth ! 
Where's your head at- at where your head at haha I love this song 
today is not going well for me but praise God anyway , it will be over tomorrow 
<3 sleep <3 
Amazing dinner with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . They sure know how to treat a Navy wife who needs a good meal . So Thankful emphasis on the FUL(L ) 
giving aiden a bath then food and bed for him ! 
feelin lonley . want some one else who cant sleep to come < PROPFEMALE > out with me and help me with my picture frames lol and drink hot chocolate . . . 
Dishes , bottles , laundry and maybe some grocery shopping . Aiden's video finally loaded on facebook <3 6 minutes Long but cute ! 
I just like this \ Have you ever noticed that the foolish things this world does are recognized and lifted up as examples to follow while the wise things God wants his disciples to do are ridiculed and laughed at ? \ " - Hamptonroadschurch.org I am ready for October ! " 
the jets thats all im saying God bless them but oh the jets 
I have a feeling there is something I am supposed to do tomorrow . If I have plans tuesday with some one on here pease remind me lol 
Commisary , trader joes , walmart , pool . Lets get started . Where is Adam > lol 
looking for my glue gun . I need it for my sticks I am making a candle cover for free because they cost like 10$ and are just glue gun an sticks from outside- though I had to fight a few buggies I think its worth it . . . 
Shower and then off to Michaels and Ollies . Ravens\craft\ " style ooh maybe JCpenny too ! " 
Aiden sleeps though mid night diaper changes . I love it ! 
Thought it was my sensitivity to raw onions but no I am full blow sick . Downing my mucinex-d . I didnt see this comming . 
felt better then BAM my throat has rocks in it . Trust me you dont want this . I can't talk- Well I try but it hurts . please pray for my poor throat and aiden-he sounds like me . 
Aiden fed his self this morning . Not just one bite he took control of his oatmeal cup and spoon . I am so proud of him I did a victory dance . ( before I ran to the b.r. gagging ) ooh I want to be well again so I can live amongst others !! But yeah- ! yay ! Aiden <3 
another day with the crud . Up at 4 am and 6 doing you know what then feeling good for 3 hours midday and back to horribleness . Go away yucky yuck my asophagus can't take any more ;( 
aidens fever just broke ! yay- I hope he sleeps tonight- if he doesnt I have my instant starbucks coffee and cinnamon creamer waiting . . . yummm . . . * weather weather please get better so we may go out and play <3 
got aiden an appointment with his pcm today- now I just need one . 
urban outfitters sparks my materialistic side . . . what a rush . I am going to stop looking . really . i will . i promise . just one more minute . haha 
Aiden is the cutest ever <3 
So I left aidens augmenten ( antibiotic ) sitting out of the fridge and he was almost finished . . . sign of a tired mommy . Thank goodness I finally got through to them to get his last 5 doses <3 
great . < PROPFIRST > is barely out the door and I feel like I have fluid in my lungs . nice cough . 
finally got an appointment . I dislike my lynnhaven prime clinic- very much . And the people who answer the phones at the appointment line and boone should change their career instead of throwing attitude at sick people . rawr 
I absolutley love my beautiful baby boy . So in love <3 Growing up so fast but still a lil guy . 
I feel like I am in the tea cups at Disney . Can't wait to be done with these meds so I can drive . drive , drive 
My child was standing in his crib- now I have to figure out how to lower the darn matress . Man he is growing up so fast . 
God blessed me with great neighbors <3 
just drank a cup of via because for some reason I feel like I can't wake up and I have been up since 7 . . . I really need to pack away my haloween decorations too . miss my hubby already . 
a blessed day of wii fit and cleaning . Laundry is backed up like crazy . migraine migraine go away <3 
yay church time ! see all my besties soon ! 
How much I love my church and the family within it God has blessed me with . Oh man I just feel so excited over it sometimes lol 
there was just a homicide on my road and I cant find anything on the news yet about it my trash needs to go out and I dont want to go out there if the killer is running loose . What a shame that people are crazy 
trash is out , baby is sleeping soundly , Now its my turn <3 this is way to late to be up when I have a lil guy to take care of ! 
baby is out cold for the night and im getting ready to go to new < PROPFEMALE > with some awesome chikas <3 I am so getting a < PROPFEMALE > pepsi tonight <3 
Enjoyed New < PROPFEMALE > - now ready for eclipse . Starbucks VIA has me awake and I drank it at like 6 . . . . I need a treadmil- shouldnt have sold mine . . . 
come on < PROPMALE > ! 
going to take a nap- aiden is out- tired after his shot and migraine just hit hard 
up with food- baking not eating- though I accidently used dark brown sugar and my spiced cookies are sweet as heck . Im not redoing it- blahh I am going to quit withing the next hour and finish in the am Happy Thanksgiving all 
hope my husband wakes up soon so that I can go out to the woods and gather wood to make christmas decorations . < PROPFIRST > insist I make everything I saw at the craft show that I wanted and said no to purchasing any . this is lame . 
Tj Maxx is amazing- 
I wish december had 60 days or so . Christmas season isnt long enough for me . baah lol need more time to watch all of the fun movies & see all of the orchestras/theatrical events and craft shows ! And it should all be free and held outside- with a bbq ofcoarse * these toilets are ginormous ! *- elf <3 love that movie ! 
i need coffee 
Aiden is worn out from yesterday- only one nap and bible talk late wow it is after 9- He seems content in the crib- I wish this was every day <3 
Every time I turn around and Aiden has gone from sitting on his car playing to standing between the couch and table , I am amazed . <3 I love him so much 
I am so thankful for my amazing friends God has blessed me with . I could not have asked for a better day today . Thanks every one for the Birthday wishes . It was amaze-z-zing . lol now my last wish for today is a good nights sleep but if I dont get that I am ok because I have a beautiful son that I couldn't imagine without and great friends . 
rejoice rejoice in the law of the lord- I have that song stuck in my head ! I want like 5 people to come over and sing it with me till its out of my system . lol 
Humble yourself in the sight of the Lord- and he will lift you up - and he- will lift you uuuhp ! Ahhh I can sing that all night to bad I can think of all of the lyrics with out the music . . I once was lost but now im found thats all I got guys what is the rest ? wait amazing grace how sweet the sound- 
sharks are ugly pictures of them should be outlawed . Plus they are evil zombies of the sea and really freak me out . 
Lovin my hair cut by Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > Crawford- Woman has skill and I now have textures ! lol 
Long day- Ready for bed but my cats are way crazy knocing down stuff and wont hush and my girl cat is in heat . spca here I come . 
trash is out and groceries from earlier are all in- I feel better now lol 
Okay singles and any one who doesnt have kids performing I really need some help here finding a sub for babies this sunday- I am going to visit my grandmother in Florida and I can not find some one who isnt gone as well or has kids performing . 9047188934 oh the holidays ! 
happy to be home safe ! We are exhausted . We loved seeing every one and thank you for everything . Love you all <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! < PROPFIRST > broke our flat screen with a wii paddle- funeral is tomorrow at 10 am 
Aiden pointed at the < PROPFEMALE > tonight and said < PROPFEMALE > . He kept pointing and throwing his head back to stare , I love it ! My little astronaught <3 
I just finished loading info on leap frog's my pal scout . We bought it for Aiden's Birthday & it is the cutest thing I have ever bought ! It let me choose his favorites like cat , green & oatmeal . The puppy sings a song saying he wants a green cat that eats oatmeal ! And says Aidens name . I love it ! I want one for me ! haha 
YAY ! I love USAA- with out their online insurance card printable options I wouldnt be able to add myself to it and get my keys out of my car ! whoo hoo 
?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? 
So its been said this is a week where everyone post a pic of a celeb they get compared to alot . So yeah . here we go 
I want summer to be here <3 
what a day . 
Thanks for all of the love and birthday wishes for Aiden ! I won't be on much for a while with < PROPFIRST > home from Sea . Love you all ! 
I won a ticket to take photo with Twilight's New < PROPFEMALE > cast members . 1 of 300 people but hey I never win anything haha . I'd much rather win a home makeover though or even outfitted with new pots and pans . lol I am being ungreatful arnt I ? 
Just met some of the twilight ( new < PROPFEMALE > ) cast members- they were really nice and talkitive . I couldnt really think of what to say lol I was like um thanks for comming out here . I never felt shorter in my life . They really like < PROPFEMALE>'s tatoo too lol 
My son is super cute . <3 
Aiden's night terrors are breaking my heart for him . Poor kid . 
. 
†his is †he day †he Lord has made REJOICE and be gald in i† ! HappyEas†er ! i <3 Jesus 
Time to lose the last of this weight 20 lbs to go to a heathier less migraines less stressed me . July 4th is my Independence Day 
Happy Earthday <3 Tree hugger coffee this morning and thinking every day is Earthday . Unfortunatly the trash guy accidently dumped one of the large recycling cans in with regular trash ! < PROPFIRST > Jenkins , I will be on my way soon to < PROPFEMALE > office ( check in hand oops ) 
<3 Do not except brownies from your neighbor . She said it herself they are the devil . I'm in the first week of deployment , there is no self control friends , keep away . 
I wish Eureka was on . I miss my quirky show . 
Dude why is the Icecream truck strolling through the neighborhood after 10:00 music and all . What a creeper 
My phone went for a swim . It was in my hand with a bunch of Aidens toys . I fotgot I had it . That is part of going through a deployment . Your phone becomes part of your hand unfortunatly I forget about it . A lot . And I am bad with phones . Turned it off immediatly . Drying it out now . I have saved a phone before . I can do it ! We will see tomorrow . 
If roses grow in Heaven , Lord , pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Dads arms & tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love & miss him & when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for awhile . Because remembering him is easy . I do ... it everyday . There's an ache within my heart that will never go away . 
I love the drive home after the gym . Moonlit night , windows down , and smooth Jazz from different parts of the world playing in my car . I love the wind and the darkness of Oceana all the way home , there isn't much light other than that beautiful moon . \ 
\ 
<3 Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for babysitting Aiden while he sleeps so I have these relaxing moments to my self . 
<3 anthropologie.com any one < PROPMALE > want to adopt me and buy me some furniture ? lol I will make you some cookies ! 
Be careful how you think ; your life is shaped by your thoughts . Proverbs 
Facebook might add a dislike button due to the nature of this comment . I think the smurf movie might be kinda cute . 
Just watched a video of < PROPFIRST > undercover at a keraoke bar . It was way cute ! 
Any one read their Bed , Bath , & Beyond ad this past week . I was laughing out loud to say the least . 
Isn't it funny when you are clearing out your baby's too small clothes and you come across one outfit that you need a moment of silence for . LOL 
Just got back from seeing \The Secret Garden\ " at Little Theatre of < PROPFEMALE > Beach . It was cute . Lots of talent for sure . " 
I left Wipe Out on and left the room . Aiden is glued . I think it is funny for a kid that doesn't watch tv much . 
Any one who lives in the landing zone of Oceana ever get sick from the jets ripping through . The past two days it's made me get migraines and sick to my stomach . 
Aiden had his first revolt with dinner last night . Threw his rice all over the place . I was frustrated and took him out of the highchair . When I came out of the bathroom I saw him on the couch digging in his empty box of teething cookies and next to the bag of Animal crackers I had on the side table were then in his lap . Isn't it a milestone to find your kid with cookies after them proving they wern't hungry ? 
Going to sit and watch a movie alone because thats how I roll . 
So a tree fell on a power line then the ground so no power and blocked any way out . They started moving the tree after 11 and then the power came back on almost 5 hours after that . I m glad it wasn't worse . A dear friend and neighbor died and finding that out in a bad way made me wish I didn't get out of bed today . 
I have a friend looking to go to St. Simons near Florida with her husband . She wants to know about it but I had to admit I knew nothing about it . Any one got any live experience ? Not googled info . We got that ;) 
The landings sound horrible tonight . I think there are newbies above us getting their night hours in . Feels like it was going to rip me out of the house on the last two that flew by . I pray they have safe flights and end soon . They gotta do it . 
I miss my husband . And , if any one wants to be my best friend , they may show up at 9 am- feed Aiden an egg breakfast and some watermelon from the fridge . < PROPFEMALE > out until I feel like crawling out of bed . Oh and imaginary best friend , feel free to bring me a slice of toast and tall glass of ice cold water <3 
Blackberry pervserves + Thai sweet chilly sauce and a lil ' warm water = Delicous simmer sauce for my meatless meatballs . I bet it is yummy on meatballs too . I love how I cook . No boundries no recipes . LOL Fearless ! 
If I could have one thing right now it would be My husband , reading the bible to me as I drift into a perfect sleep . I miss him ! 
Mmm . . . Peanut butter and apricot perserves . . . just sayin ' 
Lil ' guy is sick . ;( We had a good run . I pray this is in and out and I don't get it . Last thing we need is a 2 week rotation like usual . 
Tonight pray for the single parent , a military parent and parents who don't have family around . This life isn't easy . 
Egg recal brands : The eggs were distributed around the country and packaged under the names Lucerne , Albertson , Mountain Dairy , < PROPMALE>'s , Boomsma's , Sunshine , Hillandale , Trafficanda , Farm Fresh , Shoreland , Lund , Dutch Farms and Kemp . 
The Oakridge Boys . . . they taunt me with their creepy < PROPFEMALE > song . I am scared that when I go to bed , they will come out of my closet . SNL did smashmouth , but really ? Should have been this song . 
I doctored up < PROPFEMALE > Calendar's just add water southwestern cornbread mix with genourly dumping some ground cinnamon and a good splash of nutmeg . ity bity chunks of butter then after it came out I topped it with < PROPFEMALE > to soak in and mmm it is so good . 
You know your mother has no intrest in talking to you when she starts snoring 20 seconds into talking . 
SO , while I went to take out the trash , I told Aiden outside to stay there in that spot and he did . Stood there and watched me ! THEN we came back out later and did it again . Any one who has kids knows this is AMAZING for an almost 18month old . I watched him the whole time and he just stood there snot running down his face lol poor kid . 
Enjoying onsie decorating for babyshower tomorrow . I don't know why I didn't start this sooner . I am good at it and LOVE IT ! No huge ego here lol . Really I want to keep it for Aiden . Too bad it is too small ! 
Aiden is 1 1/2 today . You should see him dancing to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > hey mambo . Too cute . Minus the snot , atleast he is feeling better . Wait I spoke to soon . ;( 
proverbs <3 
I just remembered I have a dentist appt . Thursday at 11 . Any baby sitters ? Or some one to come with me and play with Aiden ? It is just a cleaning . 
So I just made some awesome chocolate chip and butterscotch cookies . I only ate one to make sure they were awesome . Now I am waiting for neighbors to be home so I can deliver ! 
Chocolate tiramisu liquidated into my Lady Godiva mug . Yum . 
Gothic Voices <3 Beautiful . Relaxing . Inspirational . 
Any one else have an 06 Aveo that has fuse problems ? 
Atlanta , GA Airport . I don't like you today . You made me sweat , badly . 
Mucinex is not as fun as the commercial makes it out to be . 
I got to give my grampa hugs today and watch him meet and play with his great grandson . I know my dad was smiling down on them <3 
Home sweet home <3 The wind is so sweet and crisp and clear I love it . 
ACR This weekend guys ! Pray for Aiden to stop coughing everywhere and snotting so he can go in Childrens . Every one who is willing to work with me on childcare for the confrence let me know . Thanks ! I wish < PROPFIRST > was here to enjoy it with me . 
Aiden lovers : I just < PROPFIRST > a picture of a soldier and Aiden was fast to point out and clearly say the following : Hat , hair , shoe , hand , and nose . In that order he showed me before he was distracted and wanted to draw on top of my drawing . Usually he stops at eye , nose , mouth and shoe . ;) 
Sipping on warm Duchess Grey & snacking on Nutella over apricot shortbread is not going to make 80% into a 100% completion . 
He was a small town Iowa boy who wanted to serve his country . For almost a decade and a half he has done an amazing job with just that . He is living out his American dream . He realizes the sacrifice daily as he is away from his wife , son , family and friends , yet asks nothing of no one and does so much for us all . 
Some how I have 2 more friends than I did last night after deleting 54 people . Facebook is weird sometimes . 
I just did a happy dance . 
Who is free tonight in VA ? 
I love all of the free entree offers I get e-mailed the week of my birthday <3 Free coldstone ice cream too . I dont want it so looks like < PROPFEMALE > will be getting it . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for flying in from Oregon and making my week special with dinner and time together . Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for dropping everything and for all of your help . You guys are family ! We can't wait to visit when you get settled . 
Homecoming means coming home to what is in your heart . ~ Author Unknown 
Until < PROPFIRST > left for duty this morning I dreamt I was eating a chocolate chip muffin that was like a cake & a cookie . Makes no sense for many reasons . Must be a girl in this belly . Plus I don't like much sweets . 
IF any one is having a huge salad for dinner , you should bring me some . I am out of greens . 
Aiden keeps cuddling on me and calling me baby . <3 I love it ! He is going to be 2 next Tuesday . I love watching him grow . He is such a kind heart . And he draws me great pictures . My little artist . I love this lil guy . 
Aiden is 2 today ! That means the year is going to be full of adventures like potty training and more amazing moments of him just growing up way too fast . He is 34 inches tall . He is so tall . . . 
Aiden says delicious after he takes a bite of food now except it sounds like \mmm laa vicious ! ) " 
