... is the man in the family ? 

can't make decisions . Ever . Ugh . 
had a great week 
isn't feeling too great . 
it's really just not my day . At all . 
is feeling sick and not looking forward to work . 
is feeling a bit down . 
is starting to get rid of stuff for heading to college and my mom moving from slo . Ick . 
has been up for an hour and is already having a shitty day . 
is so bored 
is worried 
mmmmmmmmm massage =] Now to go drink my horrible nasty tea D= 
is sewing . Finally . 
absolutely nothing to do . 
was sorting through things to get rid of and got bored . Stuff everywhere . 
loves the way they portray high school dances in movies 
mmmmmmm jello 
misses my boy =/ 
went out to get Aleve , mousetraps and butter . I lead an exciting life . 
is trying to find an open class I want to take that will still be open by 5 . Impossible . 
has a final schedule for school . Fridays off ! 
Thought I had another chocolate . Could not find it . Two hours later , I found it . In my sweatshirt pouch . Melted . All over my phone . 
So ... I didn't really burn . I got a tan that hurts . How does that work ? 
why does the black paint always come out so fast ? 
has a fly buzzing in her room just when she got in bed . 
can't believe it's only one more week . 
needs to pack but really doesn't want to . 
What to take ? What to take ? 
well ... my room has been thoroughly destroyed today . 
has a busy day tomorrow . Damn . 
should really be doing something on her last day ... 
has a problem with not actually knowing how much space she'll have . 
feels sick ... 
is about to be off to school and has that gnawing feeling that I'm forgetting to pack something ... 
is settled in Cal and going to get a workout climbing all these damn stairs . 
ummm ... I think I cheated on the alcohol edu thing ... 
awkward unit dance party . Nice . 
just played an awesome game of ultimate frisbee with light up frisbees and is excited for school tomorrow . First class isn't til 4 . 
is getting extremely annoyed with this picture flashing on a building across the street . I have no idea what it is ! 
is extremely intimidated by the dorm showers . It's like standing under a fire hose . 
had her first class . Really had to pee and had a ridiculous runny nose that turned into a bloody nose . Good start . 
thank you late night crossroads for understanding i want good food at 12 . And thank you server guy for giving me ranch after failing your pop quiz thing . 
fuck being sick . 
It is way too hot for 12:30 in Berkeley . 
oh please oh please don't tell my the cough is back ! 
had a great day in San < PROPFIRST > . MOMA , sushi and random pokemon cards . Hell yes . 
Gilgamesh ... you are ridiculous . 
is not liking my first college essay . 
is upset with the library 
is in love with her schedule . 
no ! Fuck you bspace ! 
singing Backstreet Boys with my roommates . We're cool . 
got really weird looks for walking around and taking pictures . 
Why don't my lines work ? WTF ED1 notebook ? 
Damnit GSI . Email me back ! 
people are way too excited for this game . 
needs to take more pictures . 
saw the samurai again today . 
mmmmm ... map quizzes are gross . 
soooooooo sleeeeeeeepy . 
Fridge ! Yay ! 
Booo fire drills . 
loves her floormates and our awesomeness . 
has nothing to do . 
has way too much hair , but doesn't know what to do with it . 
rain !? 
lazy day . 
Damn . Needs to read . 
Is confused . Damn . 
even with lots of sleep , I'm still so tired on Monday . 
just woke up freaking out that I had missed class . 
loves her classes ability to suddenly relate to something she was talking about during the week . 
Too . Much . Reading . 
is realizing she's finally almost 18 . 
should still be asleep . 
wants mail 
loves her roommates for making me a birthday cake ! And my floormates for surprise singing ! 
so . hot . 
Home . 
Thank you so much to everyone who has sent me such nice birthday wishes ! 
dead phone and no charger =[ 
much too obsessed with my new game . 
Dear Dorm Shower on the End , It would be very nice of you to stop flooding . And to have some sort of water pressure . And to be as hot or cold as I tell you to instead of doing it yourself . Thank you . PS : That last part goes for you as well , Handicap Shower . =[ 
will never pass People's Park in short shorts again . 
walkout . 
mmmmmm ... long march . 
is tired of drawing this library . 
people's park wasn't that bad . 
does not understand her < PROPMALE > class . They say no color , and give us color examples . They say no something , and show good examples of people's work who have obviously done what they said not to . 
does not like papers . 
words , words , words . Not happy about this Hamlet paper . 
this paper needs to be done . 
paper complete . Hell yes . 
my toesies are so spirited now . =] 
so ... I think I just totally made up the plot to the original Hamlet and tried to convince my teacher that's what happened . 
is not sure why she's reading about boat sections ... 
has found drawing the facade of a building that is under construction is rather difficult . 
wants to learn to sing . 
is not at the Cal vs USC game . And doesn't really care . 
ugh . That about sums it up right now . 
I'm glad Hamlet dies . I'm annoyed with him and his mother . Hate this essay . 
ramen was invented for college , I do believe . 
is reading about whether or not there should be laws about having young boys as lovers and when a boy becomes a good lover . Almost no mention of women . Greece was weird . 
is excited for tomorrow ! 
is over papers . 
skating up hill in the cold was not a good idea . 
something exciting should happen . 
is obviously too tired to read when Greek history is reminding her of Super Troopers . 
My shoes are soaked through and I don't think they'll dry by tomorrow . =/ 
I don't think it can be called a vacuum if it leaves more than it sucks up ... 
soooooo tired . 
hates when a library or bookstore has every book in a series except the one you want . 
needs something to do . 
does not want to go to People's Park again . 
never never never going to People's Park at 5 ever ever ever again ! 
abs . Ouch . 
there is about a foot of wet denim at the bottom of my jeans . I like rain . 
is sitting in the hallway doing hw with friends . But obviously not doing hw . 
ab workout in the hall . Love my floor . 
has a paper due in a week and hasn't picked what to write on . Poetry is lame sometimes . 
has no idea how much writing is enough in a bluebook . Grrrrrr 
wishes more than ever there was a ctrl+F function for hand written notes . 
what should I take next semester !? 
too many dates . Too many dates . Already over studying for this midterm . 
I don't understand this new facebook thing . There are two posts next to each other . One from an hour ago and one from 8 hours ago . And the 8 hours one is on top ... 
I feel there was a slight oversight when they decided to have a pro-life rally at Cal . 
trying to figure out my schedule for next semester . Unless I'm doing something wrong , I have 16 hours so far and only 8 units ... 
Grad students ' kids trick or treating in the dorms . Soooo cute ! 
has fallen in love with a building . That can't be healthy . 
has done absolutely nothing productive all day . 
Cutting up a book is so much harder than anticipated . 
this project is going to take literally forever . 
needs something to do that isn't homework . 
finds it ironic that I'm hurting my fingers on the grip of my exact-o knife rather than the sharp blade centimeters away . 
the strike closed the history department . Paper due date extended . =] 
can't find any reputable sources about something we discussed extensively in class . What ? 
is doing everything but the homework due tomorrow . 
cannot find classes to sign up for ! 
I think I'm just going to give up on finding classes . 
needs something to do that isn't schoolwork . 
is extrememly unhappy about this 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper . It is currently less than a paragraph long . 
my computer is telling me I'm not online ... 
hates long papers . 
Thank you Secret < PROPFEMALE > ! 
BC dates are freaking me out . People aren't supposed to be born in 241 and die in 187 . 
Final final . 2.5 hours . Not ready . 
Packing it up to head home ! 
Home =] 
My bed . So nice . 
?????? 
tomato juice everywhere ! 
Zumba with mom . Very fun . 
wants to go workout but is WAY too cold to go change 
why is the food network always on in the workout room ? It seems cruel . 
I can see the sky today ! 
is looking through DeCal's . So many random courses . 
I just found 7 classes I want to take and I have no idea which one(s ) I should ! 
Fuck the dorm laundry ! 
Has been in the studio since 3 . 
needs to figure out a way to watch Lost tonight ! 
Lost is currently on and I have no way to watch it =[ 
Dear Lost writers : You have one season to tell us what the fuck is going on . I , and every other Lost fan , would appreciate if you could end the show without leaving us even more confused . 
why are only some people's homepages different ? 
Shows from when I was little . So great . Thank you internet . 
is so over drawing Doe a million times already . 
I think the laundry rooms in this building are conning us . 
Thursdays always feel like Fridays . How disappointing . 
hates Mastering Physics with a passion . 
God damn library . 
Absolutely impossible to focus . 
broken elevator =( 
the internet and essays don't mix well . 
would love for someone to bring food . 
Night of the Living Dead . So ridiculous . 
can hopefully manage to run on empty all day . 
Whomever designed the drawers for the dorms was an idiot . I like to be able to open my drawer from the top please . 
67 degrees today ? Bullshit , Accuweather ! 
Why does physics suck so much ? 
< PROPMALE > Potter in the studio makes it go by much faster . 
needs to be entertained . 
Sick and in a bad mood . Sounds like a great time to study physics ! 
raining , clueless for an apparently brutal midterm tonight and extremely sleepy . Yay . 
Well ... that midterm destroyed me . 
fell asleep in the hallway between classes . Nice . 
just lost a good amount of hw time playing bop-it . 
physics homework right now ? Seriously ? 
charcoal may be the worst < PROPMALE > medium ever . 
=/ 
is getting absolutely nothing done . 
judging by the midterm statistics , I did not do well . 
has watched a Popeye cartoon , a < PROPFEMALE > Boop cartoon and Interview with a Vampire in classes the past three days . 
wishes someone would bring her food . 
is feeling woosey . 
why can't it be warm ? Spring break better be warmer than this . 
I should not have to dry my clothes THREE TIMES ! This time they better be dry . 
skated to class to day . Confused pedestrians , amused classmates and caused the professor to get really excited . 
... my teacher is having us read wikipedia as our reading tonight . Not only that , but it's pretty much uncited . 
really wants sweets right now . 
How is it that I still can't figure out how to use a semicolon ? 
cannot write a thesis statement to save her life . 
It's finally nice outside ! 
needs to find a place to live for next year . =/ 
It's technically spring break . Why do I have to do hw still ? 
does anyone in SLO know where to by strips of basswood ? 
It looks like I got punched in the eye . But I can't explain it . 
can never think of titles . =/ 
This really gross day has made me do nothing . 
just cannot understand physics . 
does not understand computers 
severly underestimated how long this project would take . 
is going to get no sleep tonight . 
is catching up on Lost . =] 
Finally done with midterms !!! 
Great way to spend a morning : wandering San < PROPFIRST > . 
it finally feels like spring ! 
This morning my physics professor did an expirement with waves through a rope and a strobe light . Judging by the reactions of the class , some people got started on 4-20 a bit early . 
In the studio all day . 
just woke up from a 4 1/2 hour nap . 
the online class schedule lies D= 
Not only is it a little weird that you can see all of your facebook friends ' stations on pandora , I do not want to be influenced by what they like . Yes , < PROPMALE > Marley is good , but I don't want him in my musical station because my friends like him . 
Bah ! Lost !? What !? 
owns zero good rain pants . 
not a good time to be getting sick . 
Google just suggested a related search of \long does take drive san francisco \"" 
needs a lost shirt . 
Can somebody explain all of physics to me please ? By Thursday ? 
totally called the song Finn sings on Glee . Knew it was coming at some point . 
needs finals to be over . 
needs finals to be over . How did I manage to be the only person who hasn't even taken one yet ? 
A nice , short , easy final with food is a great way to end the year . 
I'm home . =] 
my dog is manipulative . 
... what ? 
just had a great mother funded shopping trip at Forever 21 . 
wisdom teeth coming out today . =/ 
wishes she could do something other than lie in bed all day . 
staying in bed all day has let me rediscover the joys of my DS . 
is even more chipmunky today . How is that possible ? 
Bug bites ! 
Unreasonably tired . 
Berkeley for the weekend . Missed it . =] 
Fuuuuuuuck Telebears ! 
just realized I'm wearing my Laguna sweats , SLO High shirt , and Cal jacket . 
Less than a week left in SLO . 
It's time to go back up to school so what do I do ? Head down to San < PROPMALE > for a few days of course ! 
never realizes how much clothing she owns until its time to pack . 
Whose leg do i have to hump to get a dry martitni around here ? 
loves Goosey . 
What the fuck Berkeley ? 
sat in class for 30 minutes before someone told us our professor is in < PROPFEMALE > ... 
It feels like it's already 3:00 ... 
wait ... it's supposed to be hot tomorrow ? In Berkeley ? D= 
Computer ... the printer is RIGHT THERE . There is a cable connecting you to it . how can you not find it !? 
According to my Italian book , there are some words I must know like : airplane , airport , hotel , friend and orange soda . 
Learned how to stereotype other countries in Italian today . 
Thank you very much to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday . 
brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
... does JSTOR not work from home ? 
does it say something about the culture that my Italian book has the words for alcoholic and drug addiction in the < PROPFEMALE > dictionary in the back ? 
Nice long nap and still tired . 
The ridiculous number of pins in my hair from a wedding up-do set off the airport metal detector . 
freezing , hungry , tired and confused . First all nighter of the year . 
Just pulled 66 bobbypins out of my hair . Holy shit . 
I like it on the floor . 
love my house mates for taking care of me while sick and frantically studying . 
sooooo cold 
hates when you find something in a store and go back to buy it the next day and it's already gone . 
needs to sleep . Damn it , college ! 
My GSI lost two of my homework assignments , and I'm getting 0's for them . Someone explain this logic please ? 
accidental all nighter ? 
brrrrrrrr 
8 hour nap . Awesome . 
< PROPMALE > Potter was awesome . Can't wait for the next . 
Why so much work right before Thanksgiving ? 
... so ... sleepy ... 
is still having nightmares about model making even though studio is over . 
Fuck math 
The guy at < PROPFEMALE>'s keeps telling me I look like Demi Moore ... I don't see it . 
Loooooove my bed . 
I just did a pig poo 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Cat just walked across the keyboard . She managed to ctrl+F and type :[ 
I would get sick the first week of class . 
Watching a show that features a lot of popular music , but is 10 years old is pretty amusing . 
Today my professor told us the Industrial Revolution was similar to the internet revolution . Like how Microsoft , Google , Facebook and Groupon are all trying to outdo each other ... 
Why is it so hot ? 
My history has been deleted multiple times and my info switched to an entirely different computer . Yet when I type in maps into my url bar , I still get Bernaur Chausse 28 , Wandlitz , Germany . 
It's hard to write a paper on the same machine that brings me the internet . 
Deconstructed \Born This Way\ " in class . Weird stuff . " 
Heard a homeless man say he only drinks soy chocolate milk because the other kind isn't as good for you . Oh Berkeley . 
