Finally made a facebook lol , now everybody is going to bug me for a picture , myspace all over again oh well hahahahah 

Everything has a course in life , and some times it just doesnt go as far as you want , but at those times , keep going forward into great beyond looking for new places , people , and friends . Senior year is on its way i can't wait to live it to the fullest with my closest friends , and meet new people . Time to say to the new and keep the past close , Love to all my friends , and lets rock our style . SENIOR CLASS of 2011 
The strom that rages in all of us , the spark of life that gives us power and purpose in life . Our inner sprit waiting to break free and show its self to the world , well mine is a lone wolf waiting to take the world by neck . My fangs are sharp , my thrist is lacking , come run with me if you can . Run like the wind and dont look back 
Furture unclear , path unknown , but the ride will be a blast , can't wait to to see what unfolds for me , and light at the end of journey looks bright , like a treasure chest with untold richest , and it will be mine 
Mi < PROPFEMALE > , she's amazing person , out of everything out there , i found mine , and what a catch it was , so far senior year feels so good to come , can't wait for it to start , and see where this amazing ride ends , with her at my side , space doesn't seem so lonely now : Thank you to Mi < PROPFEMALE > : 
Amazing day yesterday , whenever i look into her eyes i see the river of my dreams , and i just wanna float on forever , her smile is the sprak to light my inner fire , with her it feels like i can do anything , she is my everything : Mi < PROPFEMALE > is the most wonderful person and the most amazing girl : A mi < PROPFEMALE > , te amo 
OMG !!! Another amazing night with her , she is the sunshine in my life right now and i wouldn't have any other way , she's my nerdy girl of my dreams and i never hope to wake up :D , i owe her so much , so thank you babe , your the most wonderful girl out there : A mi < PROPFEMALE > , te amo 
You know those days where you just wanna everything burn , I'm having that moment now , so don't ask whats wrong tomorrow , cause i will bite your fucking head off , i kid you not , just deep your distance for the most , if not its your ass on the line .... anger , rage , and all of the above . 
Hey guys , i just poseted my senior pics . Please tell me what ya think of them and which ones you like , thank you . Hope they came out good lol , and Big shout out to Mrs. Minor for doing this for me , it was alot of fun and they look great . So thank you very much 
For the past 17 years i have lived my life without regrets nor compermise , and it being my last year thats not about to change . Time to rebot and refreash my self , time to make senior year how its ment to be . Fun and a Blast , time to do the things i want and not let anybody control me . This is the offical start now 
It takes a person to be at there lowest point and the pain they cuase them self to understand that life is not fair , it hurts , causes us angoy , but in the middle of the tempest there is always someone there to help you , and show you the way out . Im finally feel I'm on the way out , time to stand my ground and let the wind flow , from my soul . 
The past hunts us in many ways , we can't change it but we as humans can learn from it . My past isn't the best nor the brightest but i have to learn from it and use what i learned so i don't repeat my mistakes , and make a better person out of my self . Time to step forward and make a brighter furture for me and those i care for . New paths and choices , time to step up . 
I really wanna put another dent in my wall at this point , ok maybe more then one . Any thoughts on this yes or no , cause my head is screaming its a good idea .... 
11 More days people , time to get into party mode and let lose . Lets cut lose drop it on th dance floor , the countdown has started its HOMECOMING . Bust out glow sticks and your best moves , time to freak out and party like rockstars . LET THE MUSIC BOUNCE !!!! 
10 More days people , time to get into party mode and let lose . Lets cut lose drop it on th dance floor , the countdown has started its HOMECOMING . Bust out glow sticks and your best moves , time to freak out and party like rockstars . LET THE MUSIC BOUNCE !!!! 
9 More days people , time to get into party mode and let lose . Lets cut lose drop it on th dance floor , the countdown has started its HOMECOMING . Bust out glow sticks and your best moves , time to freak out and party like rockstars . LET THE MUSIC BOUNCE !!!! 
8 More days people , time to get into party mode and let lose . Lets cut lose drop it on th dance floor , the countdown has started its HOMECOMING . Bust out glow sticks and your best moves , time to freak out and party like rockstars . LET THE MUSIC BOUNCE !!!! 
7 More days people , time to get into party mode and let lose . Lets cut lose drop it on th dance floor , the countdown has started its HOMECOMING . Bust out glow sticks and your best moves , time to freak out and party like rockstars . LET THE MUSIC BOUNCE !!!! 
6 More days people , time to get into party mode and let lose . Lets cut lose drop it on th dance floor , the countdown has started its HOMECOMING . Bust out glow sticks and your best moves , time to freak out and party like rockstars . LET THE MUSIC BOUNCE !!!! 
I need thoughts guys im thinking of going as Tiger Woods tomorrow , to much or just right lol , also as a choice our President , tell me what you think . I need input , lets start this with a bang !!!!!! 
Final countdown guys last 5 days till homecoming , you can feel the music in the air . Time to make dinner plans and have the time of our lives . Let the music rock you to your core and let lose and party like your inner rockstar . BIG CLASS OF 2011 , SENIOR CLASS !!!!!!! 
A key that unlocks alot of locks is a master key , but a lock that can be open by many keys is a crapy lock : Thank 4chan , the answer to guys and girls 
Oh man , I can't belive these past few days have been amazing , I hope this trend keeps up !!! Thank you to all my friends , you guys have made these last few days a freakin blast I owe you buddys !!! XD 
Oh man , I can't belive these past few days have been amazing , I hope this trend keeps up !!! Thank you to all my friends , you guys have made these last few days a freakin blast I owe you buddys !!! , Im on cloud 9 , and nothing is going to stop my rise 
I may not be the hottest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not \ 
be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to \ 
be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud \ 
of some of the things I've done in the past , but .... I'm proud of who I\ 
am today . Take me as I am or watch me walk away ! Po ... st if you're proud 
It takes a night at almost being at the brink of no return and losing to snap you back into the moment . What doesnt kill you makes you stronger keeping pushing , and fight with all your might . Never ever let anything stop you from being you . Time to take life by throat and kill it . It our time to shine . Round 2 
Being tore down to your core and letting everything out in the matter of a few seconds and just feeling thhe embrace of the ones who care , can change a persons total outlook . Also did a new exprince , went to a christan youth group best thing i've done in awhile , felt good . Thank you to my < PROPFEMALE > Girl 
Great Day for Football , GO OAKLAND RAIDERS 35-27 !!!! You ain't got nothing on the Black and White . We run this House . Sorry Chargers your just not good enough to play with us !!! 
In every persons heart there is darkness and agony , no matter who you are . Under the greatest hardships we find out if we shine like a < PROPFEMALE > or let the darkness consume us . But me I choose to let the darkness in , and become that monster . Some times it better to be hated then loved , the darkness is much more understanding then the light . Thats why I become it . 
OMG best day in football history !!! Oakland was on fire , we smashed today and killed it ! 59-14 !!!! < PROPMALE > should have left after the 1st half it was just sad to watch . But a great way to pass time and look at the sad < PROPMALE > fans hahahahahah . Also New England won to it was close put we pulled it !!!!! 
if\ 
you saw me in 10 years with a wedding ring on my finger who'd you think\ 
i'd be married too ? ( put this on your wall & see how many names \ 
come up ) 
In this world this is only one thing that is certin and its at our back , every second ; with every choice and every action it either gets closer to us or farther just biding its time . Its cold never losing grip around necks , cold souless eyes watching the world . Time means nothing it and our lives our so short time is a fleating second to us . But it just watches us just waiting for us to The black wings all around us 
You know when life gives you something great , your suppose to run with it but how about never letting go of it . Keep it with you at all times , tresuare it and guard it . The days that just make you smile and inside you know , you have have something amazing . I all ways want those days and she is the one who gives me them . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Gotta love those days that have an amazing ending !! Day started off kinda < PROPMALE > but towards the end was freaking amazing , got to go to a free concert at school which was super cool and good , and as that wasn't enough , life gave me my amazing beatuiful girl to cuddle with during it !!! Good day , and -Hugs and kisses- to the hight light of my life , < PROPFIRST > XD 
I love how after 4 years of high school i have found my life long friends , but still till this day by the people I thought were close to me still judge me to this day . The 1st quarter was < PROPMALE > and i wasn't in the best state of mind i admit that , but don't you dare say one thing to my face and another behind my back , but you know 6 months left of school . Everybody else , your getting cut 
UGH !!!! This weekend seemed so long , I missed her so much . Glad she's back tomorrow , and going to spend as much time with her as I can . Also , excited for next weekend , baby girls brithday plan to spoil her lol !!!! -hugs and kisses- love ya < PROPFIRST > 
So I have to say that this weekend for sure and without a questions tops all other weekends by a mile !!!!! I have the most amazing girl ever and couldn't ask for anything more . Had a great time at skate city with Nate and < PROPFIRST > . And today toped it off , I'm just glad I could make her B-day amazing to her , Love you with all my heart babe -hugs and kisses- 
I can't belive i missed an entire week cause of some freakin cold its insane !!!! UGH hopefully i'll be back next at least those two days before Thanksgiving break . I miss you all and hope to see you guys soon . I miss you the most babe hope your having a good day , Love you with all my heart -hugs and kisses- Love ya < PROPFIRST > :D 
Well Happy ThanksGiving to everyone and hope your day will be filled with amazing food and your inner fat kid comes out lol !!! I just wanna say Thank you to everyone who's been there for me so far this year ( Karlett , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Stephy , The Coon Sisters ) and so much I love all you guys , and your like my family . And my most thankful thing is my amazing Girlfriend < PROPFIRST > 
Congradulations to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > you guys make such a cute couple lol !!!!! We need to have a double date some time heheeheheheheh once again way to go guys 
To look at the past is to love it or reget it . The present go the direction it has taken you or change it to follow your own life path . The unknow fear it or embrace it . 4 years have gone by in the blink of an eye . Moments of compleate happiness or saddness to make you fall . Past , Present , Future what has it made of you ? 
Life consumes us . Life brings us agony . Life drives us insane and brakes us . It is false hope that never stops . In the end FUCK LIFE !!!!! 
Tomorrow is going to be freaking amazing and crazy . Winter Formal with all my besties , going to have an amazing day at school , all seniors showing off that red and black BIG 2011 . SENIOR CLASS 11 11 !!!!! Then after school is dinner and the dance and its going to be so amazing , finally get to dance with the love of my life XD !!! 
Thank you everybody , you made this day so freaking amazing , i promised myself i wouldn't cry * snif snif * ...... If that were only me hahahahaahh but thanks guys and finally APS gets there head out of there ass hahahaah , week off WHOOP WHOOP , party like rock stars ya'll!!!! 
Hey everybody who got an invite to my party this weekend there has been a slight change in plans . Instead of going bowling midnight , were going at 10 , since thats when cosmic bowling starts , besides that everything is the same . Hope you all make it :) 
