A wee bit late , but a happy new year to one and all !!!! 

is chilling at the airport , hopefully < PROPFEMALE > will arrive soon . I'm starting to feel like a creeper because I'm not actually going anywhere . :/ 
Quote of the Day : \Are you here for the funeral ? \"" 
misses her boy from County Armagh . 
It's about 500 degrees in my room . No air conditioning and the window being open is not helping . Ew . 
just got a new phone ! I've never had one with such fancy things as bluetooth and a video recorder . Not the iPhone I dream of , but close enough ! weeeee ! 
The fog sitting outside right now is gorgeous . If you're in Edinburgh , be sure to have a look out your window ! 
is making apple turnovers . You should be jealous . 
my little kiddo is a rock < PROPFEMALE > . . . lead singer and everything . I'm so proud * tear * and go usa !!! Brazil will kick your ass , but well done anyway ! 
can't sleep , bad mood . 
dissertation time ! 
I really and truly do hate that < PROPMALE > Davidson across the street . 
has the workings of a lit review . 1600 words , not too shabby so far . only 2400 left to go . . . 
stuck at 2300 words , tempted to leave it at that and excuse my lack of finishing it away with a sob story . 
There , managed to squeeze another 800 words out and that's me calling that done . 
had a great night out with the boys !!! Thanks so much for the wonderful send off ! 
is totally not feeling this bowl of Cheerios . Ew . 
has yet to get crack a lackin ' on the packing . But clean laundry is drying , I've exchanged some money , passport is no longer lost , stocked up on nicorette gum , I'm bout ready to go ! And drinkies with the girls tonight . Glee ! 
is off to the airport ! I'll miss you Edinburgh , see you in a month ! 
made it to < PROPMALE > safe and sound ! 
being at home is not terribly conducive to writing this dissertation . :( 
hail , serious fucking rain , crazy wind . . . yay for Colorado I suppose . Can't even think straight it's so noisy inside the house just now . 
was thinking doing a Phd was a big no for a while , but just found a handful of projects from the University of Ulster that are right up my alley . . . hmmm 
is pretty sure this chipotle burrito is a small slice of heaven , sent lovingly from God to improve my day . 
has the house essentially to her self , Hotel California playing on the speakers , beautifully < PROPFEMALE > day in Colorado . Best day of this holiday yet . 
is pretty sure myed is conspiring against me . Work you damned thing ! 
reading , reading , reading , reading , trying to ignore the tv , more reading . 
sometimes it just takes a good song and some quiet reflection to realize how good you've got it and how lucky you really are . 
this job search situations is getting god damned depressing . 
has two and a half more articles to read and that should be enough to write this dissertation on . Outline hopefully tonight and chapter 2 over the weekend . I'm sure I could think of more fun things to do for my last weekend home , but oh well . 
is finally getting out of the house and off to < PROPFEMALE > with my beloved Amiga !! Woooooo ! 
finally got through my collection of worldly possessions from the past 22 years , dissertation chapter remains currently unwritten , and looks like I'm heading back to Edinburgh in 2 days wearing a cowboy hat . . . for reals . 
is going to the Tattoo ! Gleeeeeee ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !! * loves * 
all right dissertation chapter , I'm gonna kick your ass across this basement today . Let's get ready to rumble ! 
all packed and ready to head back to Edinburgh in the morning ! Woo woo ! 
is safely back in Edinburgh and celebrating this fact with a night out with the lovely ladies ! 
maybe if I look up dead bodies in the river in Toronto , I'll get a phone call from < PROPFIRST > saying he's back . . . . it's worked before . 
odd things you might here from my room this evening : No < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , you don't go there , you go here ! ( I'm talking to jpegs , god help me ) . 
is finally feeling like her writing is back up to snuff ( after a year ) . . . and my dissertation has pretty pictures ( pretty being a relative term of course ) . Yay for late nights . 
has actually gone seriously over the word limit . let's call that a first , lol . 
job interview , I has one ! ^.^ 
my sleeping schedule is all sorts of screwed and I'm afraid to eat because something earlier made me sick . * pout * 
could have just as easily started out today without Maggotgate ' 09 in the kitchen . 
just bought her first pant suit . This must be some sort of life milestone or something ( and < PROPFIRST > , you'd love it , all white ) 
Tattoo is tonight ( woo woo ! ) Job interview round 2 tomorrow and dissertation over the weekend ! Busy buusy ! 
hates that she can't sleep between the hours of 3am to 6am . I just wake up and that's me awake for a while . Sad business . 
seriously just got the best piece of advice ever . Problem sorted . 
All right , Mr. Dissertation , here's the deal . I'm going to go to sleep and when I wake up , I would like you finished , edited and ready to print tomorrow morning . If you could do that for me , it would be great ! 
Sooo , the dissertation took the cookie and the coffee , but left me with the rest of the paper to write . Cheeky . Thus , it's hi ho , hi ho , it's off to work I go . 
is ready to slip into a pasta induced coma . Not to toot my own horn , but I am a damn decent cook . 
Soooo , I'm up for consideration for a position at the Apple Store in Aberdeen . Please excuse me while I wet myself . 
This dissertation brought to you by Talisker Scotch Whisky ( thanks < PROPFEMALE >!) 
I don't wanna anymore . 
I need to hide my internet cable from myself . So distracting !! 
is off to Aberdeen . All right Apple , it's about damn time you had a Kisner in your ranks . Let's do this thing ! 
interview went well I think , it was a group one , so I have to wait to see if I get called back for a second one , thanks for all the good luck wishes ! Now time for a cup of tea then bed , cause I'm finishing that dissertation tomorrow if it kills me ! 
is convinced Redy Brek and Gerber baby oatmeal are the same thing . Oh well , it's food . 
< PROPFIRST > , put some Bing in the fridge . It's gonna be a long night . 
my baby is back in Edinburgh !!!! 
Has officially finished the writing part of this dissertation . Time to edit ! I'm starting to taste victory . 
is fighting with her mural photos . But very nearly done ! 
Stick a fork in me cause I'm done ! 
is up bright and early to journey back to Aberdeen . With all luck , I'll come back with a job ! Fingers crossed ! 
Had a great day in Aberdeen ! I will know about the job in the next couple weeks , but coolest thing today : I met < PROPFIRST > Connolly !!! Shook his hand and all ^.^ 
is thinking it's probably time to start at least developing an exit strategy . 
sooo , the only thing that stood in between me and a job at Apple was the post-study work visa I cannot yet apply for . They did tell me to keep in touch though , so I guess that's good . 
is preparing to embark on the journey that is riding a bike around the streets of Edinburgh . I will admit to being more than a little scared , but I'm doing my research . 
has had a wonderfully productive evening . Feels good to get stuff done ! 
is getting real tired of this moving business . . . at least I stayed in one flat for about a year , that's impressive for me ! 
has a horrible feeling the cleaners emptied out my suitcases that were in a closet . . . . which would mean my columbia jacket has been thrown away . 
RAGE !!!!!! 
The flat is now cleaner than it was when I moved in . the one highlight of this moving thing is that < PROPFIRST > get's to do all the heavy lifting . Thank god for small favors . 
I should very much like a cute pair of wellies and an equally adorable umbrella for my birthday . Thank you . 
is spending her birthday with her two favorite men : < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . If I'm lucky , < PROPFIRST > will make an apperance a bit later . xoxoxox 
owie 
Lucozade makes everything feel better . . . except my teeth , they always feel rotted after I drink those things . 
whew !! I was fearing the worst there with this job , but I'm still in the running ! Fingers crossed for Wednesday ! 
is really not sure how many \no's\ " she's going to able to handle . " 
I may be going through a quater life crisis . . . . my hair is purple . :/ 
had an amazing anniversary . ( h ) 
has a knight in shining armor . 
is so over cleaning other people's homes . Lame . 
it's a beautiful morning in Edinburgh , I don't have any jobs to go to today , I'm ready for an adventure ! Just as soon as my traveling partner gets his lazy butt out of bed . 
According to 90% of my facebook , the Broncos won . Yay ! ( I'm so far out of the loop . . . ) 
I got my wellie boots !! ^.^ 
It's like Edinburgh knew I had brand new wellies to test out . Thanks for the rain ! Now to get the < PROPFEMALE > Stew with soda bread bowls going . I love not working ! 
Upon checking my much ignored university email , I have been informed that I have been awarded a Master of Science in Nationalism Studies . Damn , does that feel good ! 
thanks very much for all the congratulations !!! :D 
it is funny that < PROPMALE > thinks he is clever because he changed some of my facebook details . What are we , freshmen ? 
I think subway is destined to injure me . . . a dog bit me in the head at age 4 over a subway sandwich and today a bread tray fell off the toaster and slammed my forearm onto a roasting hot toaster door D: 
finished her 8 day stint at Subway and is ready to graduate . CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL THE UNIVERSITY OF EDINBURGH GRADUATES !!!!!!! 
thank you so much for all the congratulations !! I had a brilliant day , loved every minute ! Just in the midst of preparing a late Thanksgiving dinner :D 
is doing pretty damn well . 
is seriously in love with this vanilla < PROPFEMALE > chamomile tea business . Yum ! 
So it was snowing here for maybe 10 minutes , then went back to being rain . Come on Edinburgh , just snow already !!! 
is so glad no one was around to watch me destroy a prawn mayo baguette . In other news , the Visa Gods have smiled favorably on me today , let's hope it continues ! 
ah , lovely homemade mulled wine and a mince pie . Delish !!! 
this damn visa application is doing my head in !!! 
just got an interesting looking European chocolate bar in her advent today . I am both excited and intrigued . Thanks < PROPFIRST > !! 
just opened her darling and lovely Penguin christmas jammies and got a beautiful card from < PROPFIRST > all the way from Deutschland that completely made my day . So much love to everyone in my life . I wish I had to go into time you let you all know how much you mean to me and the beautiful impact you've had in my life . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!!! 
just came to the realization that she's spending Christmas on her own . Sad business . I miss my family . 
Thank you BBC iPlayer for the late Christmas gift of hours of entertainment involving the ever-pleasan t-t o-look-at < PROPFIRST > Tennant . 
Well , that's the last of the Talisker gone . . . time for a new bottle of whisky . 
it's taken nearly 2 hours , a trip to boots for more hairgrips and hairspray , but I have made my short hair into a beehive . Awesome ! 
just had an epic fall on the ice . . . seriously , can't we lay some ice or grit or something !? Freakin ' ice rink out there ! 
is no longer an illegal . . . thanks < PROPMALE > at Edinburgh Airport !!!! 
not at home presently and phone looks likely to die ! will be in touch tomorrow , sorry if anyone needs me xx 
Who knew that trying to find a small , reasonably priced dining table would be such hard work ! 
had an awesome night last night , found a cool new pub , then took the chef out and lost bits of his uniform . . . looks like we won't be going back there again . 
Seriously Edinburgh City Counsil , SORT THE SIDEWALKS !! This is time number 5 on my arse and I'm not enjoying it very much . And cause I finally know what it means , White . 
feels bad for whoever else is in the flat cause I'm singing loudly along to < PROPFEMALE > . Sorry guys !! 
come on post man , show me some love !! I'm going mad here !!! 
I can has visa plz ? 
owie . My head hurts , I'm at work and I'm not 100% how I scraped my arm . Sad < PROPFEMALE > . 
quite enjoyed her new whisky . The wee dram has made me sleepy though . . . 
is trying to decide if the ' Ignore It ' approach to moving is the best one . . . to be fair , I haven't really technically unpacked since September . . . can't wait to move into the new place !!! 
is it sad that 4 Scottish boys had to tell me who was playing in the Super Bowl ? And I get my keys tomorrow !!!! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY !!!! 
is T-Minus one hour to collecting the keys !! Just getting the first load of stuff in the car !! 
I have a visa !!!!!!!!!!!! and a new flat !!!!!!!!! Life is freaking fantastic ! :D 
What a great week !!! New flat , visa , and the newest addition to my life , the cat also known as Mrs. Treacle !! Still no internet yet though ! 
still no internet at the flat . . . boo . 
had a brilliant < PROPFIRST>'s Day . . . < PROPFIRST > got me tickets to see < PROPMALE > Matthews Band in Glasgow on March 11th . . . . yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay ! 
my internet goes live tomorrow and I can stop running my digital life via Subway . Thank christ . 
just created the anti-christ sandwich . . . the chicken bacon steak and cheese footlong . . as in both types of meat on one footlong . Topped off with ketchup and mayo . I'm pretty sure an angel just died . 
I have internet !! Yessss ! 
is bummed Mrs. Treacle isn't being terribly sociable today . 
looking at paint colours and drinking a single gin and tonic with a < PROPFEMALE > curled up by the fire . . . could life get any better ? 
why does it have to be a bright beautiful day when I had every intention of deep cleaning my flat . Oh well , time to figure out something fun to do with no money ! 
just decimated a huge colony of dust bunnies . Flats that were previously occupied by boys are dirty ! 
Mrs. Treacle is off to her first check up ( everything's fine , just a firm believer in prevention is key ) . I can already imagine the dirty looks I'm going to get . 
At work , doing the subway thing . Woo . 
is slightly concerned that my 4 for 25p chocolate mousses are only 2% chocolate . . . if that's the case , what the hell constitutes the other 98% ?! 
I suppose it's about time I got my ass off the couch and went and purchased some food . 
Tip of the Day : If you have short , red hair , do not curl it . You will look like Bozo the clown and will be most depressed for the rest of the day . D: 
Dinner and a movie with my fave couple !! Yay for living like old marrieds ! 
It's time for wine !!!! 
OMG DMB tonight !!!!!!!!!!!!! My excitement overwhelms !!! Just gotta get < PROPFIRST > up and get ourselves to the train station . . oh man , two excitements in one day , choo choo trains and < PROPMALE > . Love . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s Band was INCREDIBLE !! Absolutely loved it ! Audience was seriously lacking in enthusiasm , but still amazing !! Very happy to have made the final train back into Edinburgh as well , it was a close call ! 
I could have really done with the day off to clean my ground zero of a flat . :( 
is ignoring the responsibilities of respectable house-cleaning . At least I remembered to put the milk in the fridge before youtube lured me in with it's never ending freak show . Thanks youtube . 
I am both intrigued and horrified by the idea of a pet stroller . . . would make vet trips easier , but good god , would we look ridiculous ! 
is thinking a nice hot bubble bath , cup of tea , a book and bed by nine . Livin ' it up on a Saturday night ! 
Awesome discovery of the day : New Cereal called Curiously Cinnamon , is actually Cinnamon Toast Crunch !! Already sat down with a bowl , oh how I've missed you ! 
I have found the holy grail of white bread recipes . I'll be doing good if I don't eat the whole damn loaf before I go to bed !! YUM !! 
I think this wind is going to knock my flat down . Jesus . 
I'm not sure if I find the persistent meowing to wake me up in the morning endearing or flat out annoying . Do not stand in the way of Mrs. Treacle and her breakfast ! 
6am is a most unholy hour . :( 
Hmmm , glass of wine or cup of tea ? 
caught between going to sleep at 7pm and making dinner . . . sleep is so tempting , but it's still light out . 
is it midnight or one now ? I'm not sure , freaking time change :/ 
Thanks O2 , I love having my phone randomly disconnected ! 
Clumping < PROPFEMALE > litter is probably the coolest thing I've experienced all day . . . possibly all week ! 
ugh , non-stop headache for the past 2 days . Unpleasant ! 
fancies something pretty . . . 
is taking longer than usual to become a fully functioning human being . . . sleeeeeeep ! 
Let the 5 days away from Subway commence !!!!!!!!!! 
is absolutely loving Germany so far !!! 
Day 3 in Germany , off to München . ( wheeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!! ) Also have received word that the arranged key swapping has taken place and boy number 1 has not failed in his duties . May boy number 2 continue this pattern . Long live Mrs. Treacle ! 
seemed to have missed the Baker nostalgia fest !! Visited a < PROPMALE > Bath today , feeling super clean and relaxed . Now onto translating < PROPMALE > cookbooks !!!! 
Just walked 3 < PROPMALE > in the rain . I'm soaked and more than a little cranky . 
Just made < PROPMALE > Rankin a sandwich . . . Subway Win :D 
so many chores to do , so little < PROPFEMALE > to do them ! Screw you laundry and dishes ! 
is in a very geeky mood and could do very well with a Lord of the Rings Marathon . And yet , all those movies are at home . :( 
tomorrow will be a day of sorting out my life . that will probably bleed into friday as well , how have things gotten so far off track !? 
The next time I hear \Welcome to the O2 voice messaging service . . . . \ " I will punch someone in the face . " 
has a phone interview for bank of scotland !!!!! things are looking up ! 
is on the phone to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ( in the states ) , using my BT landline , and the lady is the slowest person ever . Anyone want to put bets down on how much this phone call is going to cost ? 
Well , not much else to do , may as well clean this place . What an incredibly boring day off ! 
looks like summer has left Edinburgh again . It was nice while it lasted . At least the Subway won't be 50,000 degrees . 
work was my personalized version of hell today . People were in terrible moods today !! 
oh dear , Mr. Headache , where have you come from ? I have things to do and I cannot have you getting in the way ! 
There is something so richly satisfying about having a clean flat . And my headache has finally gone away ! Excellent ! 
Perhaps cooking dinner is not the best time to bring sexy back . . . damn near lost a finger . 
saw the most horrifying thing on the way to work . Short skirt that's shimmied towards the tummy , tights with the crotch hovering above the knees and arse and hoo ha out for all the the world to see . Someone out there had a ROUGH Saturday night . 
phone interview in T-Minus 20 minutes . . . I'm so nervous !!!! 
Phone interview was a success . . . on to a face to face interview . Wheeeeeee ! 
going to the dentist sucks . Numb and he didn't even do that great a job of cleaning my teeth . And they charged me more than they said they would . * grump * 
I feel it is time to have short bright blonde hair again . Nothing says summer like being blonde ! 
Jeremy : \My drag name would be Train Wreck\ " \ 
I'm loving my weekly weep fest with Losing it With < PROPFEMALE > Michaels ! 
desperately trying to enjoy a lie in , but folks downstairs sounds like their gutting their flat . . . right below my bedroom . Me and Mrs. are not amused . 
Oh the search continues . . . . 
where one door closes another one opens ! YES ! 
went out and got me an interviewin ' outfit . Roll on Wednesday ! 
Dear Mrs. Treacle , Please stop kicking litter all over my home . It's gross and I can't vacuum or sweep enough to keep up with the mess you create . Love , M 
I was totally going to do my workout today , but I can't imagine my downstairs neighbor would appreciate me bouncing about this time at night ! . . . at least that's what I'm telling myself . 
well that was an irritating result . . . 
I should clarify . . . GO USA . . . England , you are irritating . 
All right , got the personal shopper booked for this dress to wear to a wedding . . . must get it right or < PROPFEMALE > will kill me . . . don't want that to happen ! 
How is it even when I get paid , I'm still broke !? Argh ! 
For once , woke up early and is now peacefully enjoying coffee and lazing about , rather than running around trying to get ready for work in 15 minutes . I like it . 
is very pleased to welcome < PROPFIRST > B . Treacle into the family ! Mom and Dad are both very proud . 
< PROPFIRST > likes watching TV . . . even when there's nothing good on . 
Off to Northern Ireland later this evening ! Work , packing , and last minute < PROPFEMALE > cuddles are on the to do list ! 
Glad to be home ! 
Little one is fast asleep on my feet . Love him ! 
Why is Mrs T so cooperative at the vet , but when it's my turn to give a pill it's a shit fest ? 
I think the sun is beginning to poke out from behind the clouds . Watch this space . . . . :) 
-.- 
Facebook some times has a way of rubbing my nose in it . . . . 
11:30 pm is probably not the best time to completely scour my flat . . . but at least it's getting done ! 
Cleaning complete ! ( well , minus the vacuuming , but I figured my neighbors wouldn't appreciate that ! ) Happiness is a clean home :) 
This is the first time both cats have sat together in the living room . I'm exhausted , but I don't wanna ruin the moment . . . . 
What an absolutely lovely day with Biz ( so much love <3 ) and a lovely movie night with < PROPFIRST > . Thanks guys for a fantastic day !! xxxx 
Falling asleep on the couch not such a good idea . . . back of my head is asleep o.O 
Let me just tell you how unexcited I am to have to close tonight . . . Sundays are the worst for buses home D: 
£0.77 . . . . roll on Friday ! 
Horrifying fact of the day : < PROPFEMALE > bees don't die after they sting you just because they've lost their stinger . . . it's because the stinger gets stuck and causes most of it's abdomen to rip off . * shudder * 
< PROPFIRST > is driving me and Mrs. both mad . . . so much energy !! Gotta calm him down before bed ! 
Ooo ! Sun Rain . . . Love it ! 
The Fringe is upon us . . . I am already overwhelmed by the selection . I think I shall play it free and easy . . . emphasis on free ! I will be having breakfast 100 feet in the air with < PROPFIRST > on Thursday though . . . gleeeeee ! 
The photo of \downtown\ " Baldwin City on wikipedia just made me laugh out loud . Oh I do miss that place sometimes ! " 
Laundry , dishes , bath , bedtime . . . Fingers crossed this next week brings me some good news ! 
There's something so nice about coming home and seeing two faces who are so happy to see you ! ( even if it's just so they can have their dinner ) 
HBOS still hasn't gotten my paperwork through . . . another 2-3 weeks waiting . Frustration ! 
Dearest wee < PROPFIRST > , thanks for breaking that pint glass into a hundred billion pieces . And knocking over the houseplant , that was a nice touch . 
Had a fantastic day !! Had a beautiful breakfast with my perfect man , a lovely bit of window shopping day with Biz ! <3 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !! Have a great day !! I love you !! xoxo 
One day off is not nearly enough . . . I'm not ready to go back to work !! :( 
I could really use a wish right now . . . Keep telling myself good things come to those who wait , but I tell ya what , my < PROPFEMALE > is running thin . Come on BoS get it together ! 
New phone ! Gleeeeee ! 
is beginning to understand why they call them crackberries ... using it in the bath would be a terrible idea wouldn't it ? 
today everything is wrong 
I think today has led to a gin evening . 
Is going to London !!! 
I can't write cover letters for shit . All I want to put is I'm freakin ' awesome , just call me and find out for yourself . 
someone just asked if I could go get them a bottler of water and it took everything I had not to say why not get it yourself . 
I was not , however , able to hide my look of \you lazy bugger \"." 
Let it rain !!! All day please ! 
oh the weather outside is frightful but the subway is so delightful ! so since there's no one in the shop , let it rain let it rain , let it rain !!! 
Although sweet , < PROPFEMALE > kisses get a bit sore after a while . Thanks for the thought < PROPFIRST > . 
yes ! bank paper work is where it should be and one more week to get it processed ! I see the light at the end of the tunnel ! 
Got a bottle of bubbly for either my new job or my birthday , whichever comes first :D Maybe both ! 
Want a cup of tea , but can't move , < PROPFEMALE > snoozing in my lap . can't ruin the moment ! 
is there a reason my internet is down ? least I still got the phone . 
oh right I got an email it would be down . boo thought I'd be on my way to london then 
12 hours before leaving for London . . . still gotta work and pack in the meantime . . and do dishes , and clean litter trays . I should have really done some of this last night . 
to who ever might sit next to me on the bus ... don't talk to me , don't touch me , and don't interact with me ! thanks ! 
4 hours into my journey and my is ridiculously sore and the bus smells like sleepy uncomfortable people . 
I have landed in London town ! time for coffee and to change outta travel clothes ! 
£15 pounds for the tube ! :( 
at the station two more hours but loads to read . also on operation last minute pee to avoid the extortionate toilet charges . 
on the upgraded bus and edinburgh bound ! 
home , in bed and snuggled with < PROPFIRST > . all is well :) 
I think wee < PROPFIRST > missed me , he's not left my side since I got home . 
My home is starting to resemble a home again , as opposed to a pig sty . Yay ! And new carpet sweeper to play with . 
cleaning complete . Carpet sweeper is the business ! 
I have an end and a start date my last day as a subway employee is the 24th of september ! 
Got a bucket of red paint and I'm a little afraid to use it ! 
Thank you so much for all the wonderful birthday wishes !!! I've had a fantastic day , mega props to Biz , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . :D 
should be asleep but playing with my cooks journal instead :) 
I beat the sun up this morning . . . by a two hours . This , however , is not going to be a significant achievement quite soon I feel . Bring on the dark , damp Scottish winters . 
Training info arrived yesterday . . . looks like I need to go get me some \business dress\ " outfits . . . * gleeeeee * I am so freakin excited ! 12 more days at Subway :D " 
Every day really is a gift . And I am personally so bad at keeping in touch , I will strive to do better . I love you all and thank you for being a part of my life . 
any friends in the states who'd like to chat , send me your cell phone < PROPFIRST > or check out rebtel . I use it to keep in touch with my family and would love to get more people to talk to ! 
Sometimes , I like looking at American food shops in the UK online , and I get my hopes up a little , but there is something seriously wrong with paying £5 for a box of Kraft < PROPMALE > and Cheese or Hamburger Helper ( each ) . . . I like these things , just they're not exactly £5 kinda good . 
Does anyone else enjoying reading things on the internet they know are going to piss them off or just be plain stupid ? I sure do . 
just saw the pope , took him all of ten seconds to come past the shop 
I just found my Dad's christmas present . It shall actually be sent for Christmas this year . 
I should get off my ass and clean this place . . . 
Just found out how to work my shower . . . 7 months after moving in . Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
This feels like the longest week ever . 
what a fantastic rainy day ! 
I'm sure I'm going to hell for this but everytime a vegetarian asks me to change my gloves , even I just put them on , I start looking for some bacon to shove my hands in /rant . 
I should add , the nature of Subway has made it impossible to actually do so . 
Dyed my hair and enjoying the new color . Only , I think I'm gonna chicken out on getting it cut really short . . . . we'll see what happens tomorrow ! 
Been too long since I read a book way past my bed time . Absolutely lovely feeling . ( And on a side note , facebook has announced that < PROPFIRST > and I's anniversary is on Thursday , with a small heart . This makes me smile . ) 
my head is sore :( 
I feel like a kid at Christmas . So excited , I'm having a hard time sitting still . 
First day , cannot wait ! Like a kid on Christmas morning . :D :D :D :D 
Thank you so much for the well wishes !! The pink blouse was well and truly rocked . I had a good time and now it's time to select my uniform . 
Work is going great , learning lots and very excited to get stuck into the branch next week ! Really enjoying myself so far ! 
Cool thing I learned at work today : Stick your driver's license under a black light and tell me that isn't cool ! 
For the first time in my life , I'm going to try and follow a reality tv shows from start to finish . Week one of the Apprentice , here we go . 
Between my flat's boiling hot water and ironing , my poor left hand is feeling sore . :( 
curled up on the couch with my baby G and a cuppa watching Eliabeth the < PROPFEMALE > Age . great sunday ! 
One would think Apple's telephone support would have better music playing for the hold time . Sadly no . 
Oh , and if anyone in the Edinburgh area has an ironing board they don't use , hook me up , cause for the first time in my life , I actually need one ( and £20 is ridiculous ) . xx 
The apple gods must love me . 
Wee man is booked in for his neuter . He will not be having a great Halloween . 
A Saturday night should not include shampooing the carpet . . . but there we go . Clean apartment ahoy ! 
>.< 
my first bos pay check . . . woooooow :) I is pleased . 
< PROPFIRST > got through the snip like a pro ! cheeky bugger is trying to break out of his kennel . so proud of my wee man ! 
Yay for a new cozy jumper and new jammies ! 
Fact of the day : < PROPFIRST > does not like fire works . He's hiding under the tub . Doesn't help one of the biggest shows in Edinburgh is basically in my back garden . 
Hahaha OMG this has put any 4th of July fireworks shows I've seen to shame . Cars alarms are going off and my street is lit up like it's < PROPFEMALE > ! 
sooooo sleepy . . . don't wanna do dishes . It's too early in the week to be this knackered . 
Computer seems to have died :( Thanks to < PROPFIRST > for lending me his :D 
I am wearing the itchiest tights known to man kind . my discomfort knows no bounds . 
A huge congratulations to my grandparents , who are celebrating 50 years of marriage !!!!! I love you both so much ! 
I shall pretend that my vote for Wagner made all the difference . The look on < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s face right then was so worth £0.35 
so turns out when it comes to family meal deals , < PROPFIRST > and I do not constitute a family . lesson learned . 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > next week ! 
somehow broke the bed frame , nearly clear in half ! looks like < PROPFIRST>'s christmas present is going to pay for a new one . 
So very much to be grateful for this year . A wonderful , loving boyfriend , two fantastic cats who light up my life , a brilliant family , great friends and a fabulous new job . Wishing everyone a very happy thanksgiving ! 
Me , a bottle of Lambrini and about 12 kg of tatties . Operation Scottish Thanksgiving Dinner is underway . 
Thicken you damn sugar syrup ! You've been boiling for half an hour , this is ridiculous ! 
Fact of the day : the founders of panda express are alumni of Baker University . :D 
If there is a God , he will let Wagner stay in this week . Sick of your face < PROPFEMALE > . . . 
I'm a bit worried x factor has become my new hobby . . . although for all the wrong reasons . 
NOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ! 
My heart is broken . That was a couple quid down the drain . 
I'm thinking tidying , bath , Celebrity get me out of here and then sleep . Yes , that sounds just about right . And bring on the snow ! 
Got home last night , and in comes < PROPFIRST > , with a christmas tree , lights and ornaments . <3 
oh good , it's snowing . . . . again . We haven't even cleared off the first bit ! 
something went wrong with my photo upload . . . maybe they'll pop up later . 
I am shattered . . . gotta go groccery shopping . . . how is it I never have any food ! 
Cuddled up on the couch with the wee man , watching it snow . 
Nothing quite like cuddling up into bed and then hearing the sound of a cat destroying something . This time he drug a bag full of presents about 30 feet . 
baking peanut butter cookies with Biz . be jealous ! 
would rather just crawl back into bed today . 
Got wrapping and cleaning to do . . . but < PROPFIRST > just came and curled up beside me . How can I deny that little face a cuddle !? 
Presents , check . Tape , check . Scissors , check . Bit o ' booze , check . Christmas-scented candle , check . Operation Christmas is underway . 
I hope everyone here has a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! I miss everyone so much and hope that you all have a wonderful day ! xoxoxox 
Had a great Christmas , up until the point I was locked out and had to kick my door in . Door repairs shall commence tomorrow . 
For the second time in my life , I have successfully broken in to my own apartment then subsequently repaired the damage ensued by said breaking in . Not to toot my own horn , but I am a bamf . Be jealous . 
Although , I should really stop locking myself out in the first place . 
Clean home is a happy home :) 
I suppose the one nice thing about < PROPFIRST > being away is stealing his clothes . Man jeans are so cozy ! 
Chores complete and top gear on iplayer ! ^.^ 
Not sure what's going on , but the sound of Highland Cathedral on bagpipes is drifting through my window . Love it . 
Heres hoping everyone has a great Hogmanay ! See ya'll next year !!! xoxoxo 
Does < PROPFEMALE > mix go off after a certain point ? my < PROPFEMALE > tastes funny :/ 
I feel a cold coming on . D: Tomorrow shall have to involve making a giant pot of chicken noodle soup . 
Just made a lovely fry up for me and < PROPFIRST > , sun's out and later on , I'm making cookies . Shall be a delightful Sunday I think . 
I'm gonna knit a sheep 
< PROPFIRST > killed his first mouse today . I am both a proud of my little < PROPMALE > and absolutely heartbroken for the baby mouse :/ 
Okay , just saw the 2nd mouse of the morning , he's still alive . . . but where are all the mice coming from !? 
And there goes mouse number three . If you are a rodent , this is the house of pain . 
Now he's playing with the wee corpse . This is too much ! so gross . 
Just got rid of the last one and now a 4th mouse . We have an infestation . 
now that 10 Downing Street is looking for a cat , I'd like to put < PROPFIRST > forward for the job . He practiced all weekend , and I'll move there and take care of him . 
< PROPMALE > tacos for dinner tonight ! cannot wait ! 
I want Eggo Waffles . Though if I asked some one to ship them to me , I fear they wouldn't survive the trip :( I miss my frozen breakfast friends . 
I've had Mrs Treacle for one year today :) . so greateful for 365 days of having her in my life . 
Up to my arse in cookie dough . Perhaps doubling the recipe was a bit much ? 
quote of the day : ' justice is the sub of the day!' . < PROPFIRST > 
I think I shall have to go see the decemberists in Glasgow . At £15 a ticket , hard to say no really . Roll on payday ! 
I am < PROPMALE>'s granddaughter , and of this fact I am so proud . I love you so much Grandpa . 
I love you grandpa . You are one of a kind and I miss you with all my heart . 
Go on O'Gara!!! 
so < PROPFIRST > took me out driving today . I did okay , but I'm not sure Edinburgh is ready for < PROPFEMALE > Kisner behind the wheel . in a < PROPMALE > no less . 
Nice to see the refs noticing when the wrong ball is in play today . 
GO ON SCOTLAND !!!!!!! Well Done ! 
happy st < PROPFIRST>'s day ! time to kiss me an irishman ! for luck 
Two customers today . First customer \wanted\ " ( never please or thank you ) everything 
Got my green on . Let's do this thing . 
BOD !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
guess who's gonna abseil off the forth road bridge ? this lady ! 
correction : rail bridge . it's right next to the road one 
< PROPFIRST>'s just gotten me off to a flying start for my fundraising !!! A massive £50 ! Any donation will help though ! ( and no , I didn't steal his wallet or hold him to gun point ) 
