Why cant I find that picture of me wearing a bag on my face in a hawiian shirt drinking with people in a superman pose ... 

I am going to sleep lets hope for another crazy awesome dream where my pocket knife flips out into a sword that i throw at people ... like last nights . also how much force does it take to hold a gun slide back ? Cause my dreams might be lying to me . 
I openned a box with a spoon today ... it felt manly . 
10/10 on my self defense class test . I wanna practice more . You know , in case someone tries to rape me ... anally . 
I am bored and feel like shananiganizing . 
No one has said it in awhile but good morning ! 
Fucked up my back at work today . Gonna see a doctor tmrw . 
I love teasing people in my stupid goth voice . 
FINAL IN 9 hours and i sitll need to read 6 chapters ... out of a law book ... I HATE LAW . 
well that final was EASY ! also who wants to help me study for my self defense final on friday ? or do something ? im just bored now . 
Is there going to be an employee screening of Ironman 2 ? If so ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLnWf1sQkjY 
my throat hurts . CEPACOL TO THE RESCUE ! but i think im just gonna go to bed after that . 
so yeah i just shit out $5300 for school . 
no one came . no one got drunk . im over 151 . and there was no carnal activity . fuck capitalizing shit . also it was still enjoyable . 
That sore throat i've had for awhile . tonsillitis\ 
... biut im not taking my shit out ... just hardcore antibiotics , and water , and not talking . 
Packing for Michigan . I'm gonna miss you San Antonio ... for about a week . then we can is drinking ? cause god damnit the last two times were sabotaged . 
Yay found a computer . Got to see my family , Eat Borscht , meet all the new grandkids , lots of Ukrainian food , not get any phone service , play in my cousins basement ( skeeball , pinball , pingo-pongo etc etc . ( he's a lawyer )) . All in all so far so good . 
YAY GOOD DAY ! I got to drink a new rum that was amazing . I'll post pictures of my family soon . also i found out kids actually enjoy my company . and i got called Mr. potato head by a 4 year old . 
YAY I saw < PROPFEMALE > cousin play hockey . She is awesome at it , they tied 1-1 but i really enjoyed it . So if i try to convert you all to hockey ... accept it . Also i played football with all my really small cousins and did the impossible . I tought little vaun how to ride i bicycle ... in less than an hour . I'm really tired but also happy . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . tuesday im back . 
I'm reading < PROPFEMALE > no iru machi right now and its just so OH SHIT DAMN ! 
BACK IN SAN < PROPFIRST > ! 
I would like to learn asl . Anyone wanna practice reteachign me my alphabet . I suck at languages so < PROPFEMALE > would be nice :) 
I hate it when I'm bored enough to take quizzes . I hate it more when the quizzes seem legit and then all of a sudden it asks you something so lame that it's essentially asking you to pick your result . then It acts like its a badass and says \YEAH YOU GOT THE ONE YOU WANTED ! IM SUCH A SMART QUIZ ! \ " . sigh " 
Down + Down Forward + Forward + hard sleep = SLEEPDOUKEN ! \ 
Morning Wood + Veil of Sheets = DRAGON TENT ! 
GOOD NIGHT WAS GOOD ! I GOT DURNKDED ! 
Based on a recent comment i made . If you lived in monopoly world what color would your house fall under ? I think mine would be a green area . 
Had a nice evenning . 
Accidently stabbed myself with a steak knife ... it itches more than hurts . 
wow 27 hours straight . monster helped . but its crash time . TO THE BED ! 
\People\ 
lol someone posted this link ... sounds so wrong \ http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/carrotsglazedwithcum_80467\ "" 
jsut got a few free copies of Borderlands for pc . anyone got a comp that can run and is willing to play online ? Also picked up prototype for pc . 
Just read the end to Full Metal Alchemist .. the end end ... not the silly american ending ... it was awesome ... and sad ... and then awesome ... then < PROPMALE > * spoiler spoiler spoiler * 
A frog just shit on my carpet ... no really ... a FROG just SHIT on my CARPET ! 
ZOMG GHOST RECON FUTURE SOLDIER IS GONNA BE 4 PLAYER CO OP !!!!!!!! 
YAY ... Found my d&D notes ... under the bed . Anywho d&d tmrw night will kick ass now ... unless we eat at freebirds ... then GOBLINS ! 
Worst day of work ever . 
ok today made up for yesterday :) . 
Can't work two jobs and go to school full time . so good bye Silverado . I did enjoy the people and hope to talk to all of you still . 
WOOOOOOO borderlands just so happens to be better with more than one player . 
I look schnazzy in this uniform . 
sigh these graveyard shifts are boring ... and how do people sleep during the day ? 
< rant > I AM SO SICK OF PEOPLE QUOTING SONGS AS THEIR STATUS ... IF YOU FEEL THE URGE TO DO SO JUST USE QUOTATIONS AND AT THE END DO THE LITTLE THING WITH THE HYPHEN AND SAY WHO ITS BY . It is so irratating ! AND NO IT IS NOT A < PROPFIRST > SWIFT DAY ... IT IS NEVER HER DAY ... SHE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE A BIRTHDAY ! < /rant > 
So I'm reading Norse mythology and I think it is teh badass . Also Loki should not be thors enemy in the comics or in teh movie ... Loki wasn't even really a badguy . 
374 arrows later i just shot down a dragon in 1-2 
I think my PS3 is eating my soul . 
SO yeah bought sc2ce earlier today . Played the first 3 missions until i gots all teh achievements for those levels . 
Sigh . Do I purge the colony or defend it against the protoss . I want protoss research but I don't wanna kill the scientisty lady person . 
I just read bleach ... I just shit enough bricks to make a bridge ... TO AWESOMETOWN ! 
got a 6004 on the ffxiv benchmark high res . 
Yay ! Just got my ffxiv beta invite . 
The crafting system in FFXIV is both the greatest thing ever and something that makes me want to kill people . 
So my bane mask came in today :) on a side note i have to get up for school in 3.5 hours ... good night peoples . 
2 year anniversary\ 
is TODAY ! 
sigh black ops on veteran has some stupid parts that shouldn't be as hard . 
Went to bed at 4 . woke up at 7 to register for classes ... going back to bed . also this is gonna be the hardest semester ever ... for crj . Im pretty sure calc 3 was harderer 
Just paid a ticket online ... who knew you could do that . Also 220 down the drain . 
... almost everyone bailed for webcomic deally in < PROPFIRST > ... so now i have to spend time alone ... with my girlfriend ... dammit . \ 
\ 
JK JK 
PLEASE - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS FROM A FAT GUY WITH A BEARD !... mayhaps it looks like a 5'oclock shadow 
I just hit a new low at my job . I received a call from an apartment requesting assistance with an elderly man who had fallen down . What the tenant failed to mention was that this elderly man had fallen off his changing table ... i just had to lift a half naked man in his 70s back onto his changing table ... FML . 
I have 24 rift VIP keys to give away . PST me if you are dedicated to gaming enough and have a good pc . 
YAY I has a free minecraft acct . Also I need more ppl for my minecraft server . 
WOO HOO !! Time to drive home from work ! Lets see if i can pull off a speed run . 
Yay my 14 hour shift is almost up . then I probably get to do it again tmrw 
no more shift ... please ... so tired ... 
well tonight was a failure . 
\And sometimes bananas is just plain banana * awkward silence * you know cause they peel\ " Never before have I seen such fail spoken aloud in vent . " 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > woman went and saw The Adjustment Bureau ... AND LIKED IT ! Also , I wanna see Hanna ... because I like sense < PROPFEMALE > ss vio < PROPFEMALE > nce . 
Luck stealer is the best manga I've read in awhile . 
Is it odd that the highlight of my day was finding out subway now has pepperjack cheese ? Also , working out makes you feel good ... I have arms again . 
