Wow , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is really dead . That's crazy !!!! I loved < PROPFIRST > . God bless his soul and pray for the family and friends that will miss him dearly . 

Bout to get my day poppin ' 
I'm soooo ready for my kids to start school on Wednesday !!!! Yeahhhh !!! 
Bored as ever !!! 
bout to start my supper 
deciding on whether I should go to this game tonight or not ... am I really trying to get rained on ??? 
bout to go pick up my son from our cousin's house 
What up FB ... starting my day and feeling mighty fine 
Bout to take my butt to bed , hopefully I'll be able to fall asleep . 
If anyone ever wants to watch a good romantic movie , try 1997's Kama Sutra a love story . Beautiful movie . 
Bout to go to the football game . Go Mountaineers !!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Mountaineers won in 3rd over time 26-20 . Do it fellas !!!!! 
I'm in my writing mode .... yeah man , I'mmmm Baaacckk !!!! 
Feeling lonely ... my baby girl's 1st day of school today 
Can somebody PLEASE tell me what's going on with the Mayweather fight ??? 
Being lazy on this rainy day 
Praying for my cousin who just lost his son . WE LOVE YOU KOMEY !!! 
I want to thank each and everyone of you all for your kind words and prayers . They are truly appreciated and help tremendously in such a difficult time . I LOVE YOU ALL and that's what life is all about !!! 
Loving my new job ... but a lil scared too 
It's Homecoming Time , and I'm sooo ready for the weekend !!! LET'S GO BLUE !!! #5 & #21 
I wanna thank each and everyone of ya'll for my birthday wishes today ... It was a good day and God has truly made that happen . I love all ya'll and thanks for being my friends !! 
Feeling a little better , been sick since last Wednesday evening . I don't wish this on no one . I need my mommy :o ( 
Happy Happy Holidays to Everyone I know and love . May God bless you and yours and may He keep you in His arms wrapped tight ! 
been feelin kinda rough these last few days , but today was a much better day 
Glad it stopped snowing cause I hate driving in the stuff . I had my experience in it last night with a spin out in the ditch . 
Learning a lot about myself and life in general . Is there anybody out there who isn't all about self ? 
Going to enoy tonight with my hubby . ;o ) < PROPFIRST>'s Day will be a 15 hour work day for me tomorrow . :o ( 
Up early ... Feeling Blessed as I watch the sunrise to another adventurous day . 
When you think of those who have nothing , it makes you feel truly blessed for the little simple things that you do have . Don't look for the big things to happen all at once because GOD does little things everyday that are blessings to you and me . We need to learn how to not take them for granted . 
Long day on the job yesterday , but a new day is here . Thank you Father for waking me up !!! 
Had a pretty good day today ... I think the kids on my job are starting to realize that we're not playing around no more with that hitting and spitting on staff ish . I know that's right !!! 
I wanna say thanks to < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > for all that ya'll do . T2 staff rocks !!! 
Had another good day at work today ... took the kids hiking and boy do my legs hurt ... that fitness trail ain't no joke . 
Gotta be to work early today and I have so much to do this morning in such a little time . Don't get me wrong , I ain't complaining , cause truly I'm blessed to have woke up . All the < PROPFEMALE > goes to my Lord and Savior !!! 
I was supposed to had worked yesterday , but I took a much needed time out for GOD . I really truly needed to feel His spirit . Don't get me wrong cause while on the job , going to Chapel is great , but definitely for the kids . I needed to feel God's words and Rev . Ludwell Brown , Sr. knows just how to do that . Rev . Brown , your awesome !!! 
I just wanted to thank GOD for waking me up to another beautiful day . How long will this last ? According to the almanac , we're supposed to get 30\ of snow on St. < PROPFIRST>'s day . Is that really possible with spring right around the corner ? " 
I'm off today , at home chillin wit my baby girl . We're having a tea party ... woo hoo !!! 
Going to school with my daughter today . Preschool all over again , this should be fun !!! 
No bus service for my daughter again today ... dang , I can't even fall back to sleep 
Doing a little house cleaning today before work so I can just relax tomorrow on my day off . 
Oh , the Lord's been good to me , and so I thank the Lord , for giving me the things I need the sun and the rain and the apple seeds the Lord's been good to me . Amen 
It's Friday !!!!!! Let's get it !!! 
Imma bout to loose my mind ... this dang < PROPFIRST > of mine is really getting on my last nerve . Can we please trade it in ? 
Sometimes I think people just wanna be me !!! Happy , carefree , and O my GOD Blessed !!! Happy Monday everybody , and yep I'm on FB early this morning as always !!! 
Have you ever had anybody in life you felt like you were compatible with ??? I do !!! And his name is < PROPMALE > Long !!! I love you baby ... You are not only my husband , but my companion !!! 
What a way 2 start da weekend !!! Last nite after work , I had a HOT bubble bath in candle light waitin 4 me w/ some fresh strawberries & pineapples . Ummm , my favorite !!! I feel special :o ) 
Oh nooo !!! I spoke too soon . My baby girl not feeling well ... running a fever . :o ( 
Alright , 1 sick child out the way ... now on to the next ... whew !!! :o ( 
It's gonna be one of those long days , but I'm ready for it !!! Staff talent show today ... should be a hoot :o ) 
Don't you just love surprises ... lol ... bet you weren't expecting that huh Boo ??? 
What the heck happened tonight T2 ??? Soooo disappointing :o ( But I look at it like this ... tomorrow , we will tears those LABELS off and show our true selves again , and again , and again ... remember , some of us wear MANY labels , some labels we don't even want to claim , but we , ourselves , are the only ones who truly know how we want to be remembered . So let's live and be remembered in the positive !!! 
Starting my weekend off right now !!! Four days off ... what to do what to do ... any suggestions ??? Definitely going to church on Sunday ... yay !!! 
Back to work from a nice weekend . I hope ya'll can understand me today cause I'm reallllly hoarse from screaming on those coasters 
Happy Mother's Day to each and every mother on this planet . Enjoy the rest of the night & have a blessed day !!! 
Me and the big bro 
It might be rainy today , but on the other side of those rain clouds is the sunshine ! Thank you Lord for blessing me with breath this morning ... Amen 
Hoping that the Celtics run with it tonite ... cmon fellas let's shut dem Lakers fans down !!! Oh let's do it !!! 
Gotta have surgery on my wrist ... 1st sign of old age I guess :o ( 
probably hitting KD tomorrow 
Waking up to a NOT so hot morning and lovin it !!! I feel like MONDAY AIN'T GOT NUTHIN ON ME !!! Everyone have a BLESSED Monday !!! 
Bout to close up my eyes for the night . I pray that every one of my FB fam has a blessed rest . Holla at ya'll in the < PROPFEMALE > . Peace !!!! 
Yesterday a crow disappeared into the clouds ... and the house was calm ... 
Today is the day that I recapture my life and take it back from all the negativity and hate that dwells within 
Had a great weekend with the family at our family reunion !!! Mr. < PROPMALE > Long , I love you baby !!! You always got my back and I'll always have yours !!! Goodnight FB fam , peace and blessings !!! 
It's really sad to see that people have no regards for another person's life or family . I'm so very sorry to hear about the loss of another one of God's children . RIP Tiahza !!! People , be mindful of who really loves you , cause some people smile in your face while all the time they wanna take your place 
Wow ... I'm , wiped out !!! I'm definitely not 15 anymore but hey , I'll give em a run for the money , cause who da best ??? Dat's right ... Mom is the bestest !!! 
In order to truly love life , you must first love yourself . Just remember that everyone has flaws and that no one is perfect . Let go of all your troubles and learn to forgive yourself for whatever you're tearing yourself down for . When you are willing and able to do this , give God the < PROPFEMALE > and praise for allowing him to help you see the beautiful treasure He's created in you . Have a blessed day . 
He knows that I'm not perfect , He knows each of my flaws , He knows how much I try to abide by his laws . He hears my cries and catches my tears , He as only He would took away my fears , but yet I still felt lost & yet I still felt pain & He said that you must sacrifice in order for you to gain . He still holds me in His arms , very close to His heart & He tells me that this is my time for my brand new start ... I'm ready 
Had a wonderful day at work today and blessed to make it home to see my children . Mommy love ya'll!!! 
One more day of work and then KD bound on Friday ... Maine , you ready ??? I'zz married now ... lmao 
Couldn't get enough of KD , went again on Sunday with the family . Hey , I'm getting my stamina back , feeling younger than I have in a long time and I give all the < PROPFEMALE > to GOD 
Let's\ 
see if my women friends will re-post this . I'm strong willed , \ 
independent & outspoken . I make mistakes . I am sometimes out of \ 
control and at times hard to handle , but if you can't handle me at my \ 
worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're more than \ 
a ... handful , post this on your status ...... I dare you !!! 
I will one day spread my wings and fly with the birds of the air and people will look in the air and say \She is free ! \ " C . E . Long " 
Wow , I'm finding out all this amazing stuff and now I don't know what to do with all this knowledge that's pouring in . Thank you Father for feeding me this knowledge after sooo many years of wondering ... 
My baby girl at home wit me today ... man I can't stand it when ur child has to be out for 24 hours and they're not even sick 
has woke up sick again today . Hey , I thought this was a 24hr thing . Boy was I wrong :o ( Going to the doctor today to see why the belly keeps churnin and churnin and maybe get rid of this cough too 
has to take an inhaler now for my breathing , which will stop my coughing , hopefully . As for that virus , I just need to ride it out which is usually 24hrs and stay hydrated and well rested . 
Wow ... fundraisers already ... 
Finally able to eat a lil sumthin and hold it down ... thanks for crackers and < PROPFEMALE > ale 
MY GOD IS AN AWESOME GOD !!!!!!! 
Why does it feel like I've been cleaning for the last 16 years ??? Calgon take ME away :o ) 
is going to work today & can't wait to see everyone again . It's been awhile ya'll . 
needs some motivation today ... GOD give me strengh 
Hey ... does anybody wanna order from my daughter's xmas fundraiser ?... it's due on Tues . 21st 
All day church meeting today and I know my babies aren't gonna want to stay ... what to do , what to do ??? 
Skins winning right now at da half & that's all dat really matters to me for da moment !!! LLS 
Hello Everybody ... if you're an AVON fan , please check out my website and order up some stuff . It'll ship directly to you , but first you must register . Go to www.youravon.com/constancelong 
Beautiful day outside today ... nice breeze blowing ... dang < PROPFEMALE > Kerns , I miss ya right about now . We could be hiking :o ) 
Goodnight to all my FB fam ... may you have sweet dreams and I'll holla in da AM 
is bout ready to fall off to sleep . Peace and Blessings FB fam . Luv U 
Wow ... peace & quiet ... too quiet . I need some good music in my life right about now . Anybody listening to anything good ??? 
is going shopping today 
Had a great day at work today ... I miss them lil rascals 
is going to work soon and gonna make the best of it on this rainy day 
Working again today . Hoping today brings me joy as yesterday did 
Closing up my eyes for the night ... peace and love everybody !!! 
Another rainy day , but above the clouds there is sunshine shining somewhere . Thank you Father for giving me breath to see another day 
Some homemade soup sounds real good for dinner right now ... yum !!! 
My soup was scrumptiously delicious !!! Made a huge pot and it was good till the last drop !!! Stuffed green peppers tonight ... maybe 
Enjoyed work today and was happy to see some really awesome people !!! I miss ya'll!!! 
Watchin the new season of the < PROPFEMALE > show on BET ... do yo thang < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I'll holla at ya'll in da AM !!! Peace , Love & Soul !!!!! 
likes it on the doorknob 
It's c c cold outside 
Heading to work in a bit and I'm not complaining . So blessed to have a job 
I wanna say thank you to all my friends and family who remembered my birthday today . It's been hard to think about another day turning one year older under the circumstances . I know you're with me today Tash cause I can feel you all over me . You're gone but still came to let me know you're by my side today . LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > BOONE ( my God baby ) 
if feeling sad today , but knows that my Almighty God is in control . < PROPFIRST > & Tash , I love ya'll and miss ya'll deeply !!! 
Good morning to all my friends and loved ones !!! 
Good morning everyone !!! I pray that everyone has a blessed day today . Love Ya'll 
I need a new cellphone ... lost mine at da club last weekend 
I'm going pink for my babygirl & breast cancer awareness month , but honestly , it's in remembrance of \Pinky\ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boone " 
C'mon SKINS !!! Let's get it !!! 
DEFENSE BABY !!! 
LET'S GET DIS TOUCHDOWN FELLAS !!! 
REDSKINS WAVE !! : „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº LETS GO REDSKINS ! ¤¤º°¨¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨„ø¤º°¨¨°ºL-E-T-S GO ! „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤LET'S GO REDSKINS ! ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øºL-E-T-SGO ! ¤¤º°¨ ¨°¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨REDSKINS WAVE : „ø¤º°¨¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº LETS GO REDSKINS ! ¤¤º° ..... Keeping it going 
I'M PISSED RIGHT NOW !!! WE NEED AN INTERCEPTION FELLAS !!! LET'S DO THIS !!! 
Goodnite to all my FB family and friends ... I'll holla !!! Now I lay me down to sleep , I pray the Lord my soul to keep ... see me safely through the night and wake me with the morning light . In Jesus name ... Amen Love Ya'll 
Gotta get ready for another hard day , but I know God has our backs . Babygirl , I love you and miss you sooo much !!! I feel you smiling down on us and that's all I need to make it through this day !!! 
I'm sooo sleepy ... bout to finally close up these eyes of mine . Goodnight to all my peeps ... love each and everyone of ya !!! Nite Nite 
Some old pictures to bring back some great memories ... Love my friends !!! 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I\ 
know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the 3% and \ 
post this as your status . Do it for at least an hour , for those who have\ 
died of cancer or who are still fighting it . ? 
is closing her eyes for the night ... holla at ya'll in da mornin !!! Goodnite FB fam & friends , ya'll sleep good now ya hear ??? 
Whew ... we got that win in . D . Hall ... yous a bad brother ... 4 interceptions , dats wuz up !!! Lovin my SKINS !!! 
Gotta head to Richmond today to get my birth certificate ... already got a plastic card , but every since 9/11 they won't take that as proof of identity ... dis is some BS 
Bout to go and pick up the Bestie !!! 
Went out with the Bestie today for a walk wit Shabba . He's sooo smart and be draggin his mama everywhere ... LMAO !!!! We'll get him good and trained before it's all over wit ... Love Ya My freckled one ... LLS !!! 
IT'S FRIDAYYYYYYYY !!!!!! 
Put\ 
this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who \ 
suffers from being a < PROPFIRST > Cowboys Fan . Being a Cowboys Fan is a real \ 
disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for\ 
DCF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of \ 
Cowboys fans wont repost this ... because they dont know how to copy and \ 
paste 
Gotta get my butt ready for work 
does anyone know what time trick or trunk starts ... and is it today or tomorrow ??? 
A day to myself ... what to do , what to do ??? 
Bout to shut up these eyes of mine so I can start fresh in da morning time !!! Peace & love ya'll!!! Nite Nite 
A\ 
true friend doesnt care if ur broke , when ur house is a mess , about ur \ 
past , or if ur family is fillied with crazies ... They love u for who u \ 
are . A true friend can go for long periods of time without speaking to \ 
you and never question the friendship !!! to all my TRUE FRIENDS , u know \ 
who u are ... I LUV U !!!! 
Made da fam some good ol homemade vegetable beef soup . I don't usually brag on myself , but DAMN < PROPFIRST > , dis soup is da BOMB !!! 
Well , my soup was a smash hit , my mom even stopped by to take some home with her ... No more left , except the one bowl I'm saving for the hubby ... I gotcha babe !!! 
OMG , I can't believe they bought FOR COLORED GIRLS to da Pep ... I will be going to the movies tonite , anybody wanna go ??? 7 o'clock or 10 o'clock show ??? 
If\ 
you have a wonderful man who is your whole world , who isn't perfect but\ 
is perfect for you , who works hard ( and plays harder ) , who would do \ 
anything for you ( in his own way ) , who makes you laugh , is your best \ 
friend ( and sometimes your only friend ) , who you want to grow old \ 
with ... ( if you don't kill him first ) , and ... who you are thankful for \ 
everyday , then post this as your status !! I love u < PROPMALE > !!! 
Headed to da movies tonite wit da bestie !!!! Yea !!! 
NO SKINS GAME TODAY , SO I THINK I'M GONNA REARRANGE THE INSIDE OF MY HOUSE AND THEN FIX A BOMB A ** DINNER LATER 
God is good !!! \ 
God is good all the time !!! 
Not feeling so well today 
Ayyy ... can somebody give me da true definition of friendship ??? Inquiring minds need to know 
Tryna go get my laugh on tonite ... can't wait to see ya cuz !!! < PROPFIRST > gonna rock it as usual 
Good day at work today ... just like old times , with no 1800flowers ... yeah !!! 
guess who's back online ???? here I am !!! did anyone miss me ??? 
Just wanted to say Happy Holidays to each and everyone of my friends on FB !!! I may not speak to you all on a daily but know that I pray for each of you on a daily !!! Love Ya'll Fo Real 
I need to think of a get < PROPMALE > quick scheme or start writing that book I've been working on forever 
Can't wait til the weekend ... should be super fun !!! 
Wonders what today will bring my way ... hmmm 
Fishcakes and fried potatoes for lunch ... gotta get my grub on ... yum !!! 
Goodnite ppl . Have sweet dreams and continued blessings in the am . Blessings meaning you opening your eyes up in da morning to see another day , and when you do , give GOD all the < PROPFEMALE > !!! Peace 
This is not just a dusting ... Alright MC what ya'll gonna do ??? It's still snowing !!! 
Change ... change is good ... yeah change is real good !!! 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
Going on vacation soon ... does anyone have any suggestions for a relaxing destination ??? Any tag-a-longs ??? 
Thank you for making me love like I've never loved before ... and I'd do it all again !!! 
thought I'd signed out for the night ... guess I was wrong . Goodnite all !!! 
Closing my eyes up after I finish watching The Game . I got a date on < PROPFIRST>'s Day and I'm a lil nervous . Gonna make it special and exciting !!! Can't wait for my date !!! 
Bangin breakfast ... steak , fried eggs , buttered toast , and my coffee on da side ... now I'm ready for the day ... let's get it !!! 
NO SCHOOL FOR < PROPFEMALE > & ORANGE COUNTIES . 2 HOUR DELAY FOR DA PEP 
It's Friday !!! Time to get it in and enjoy the weekend !!! Infinity , ya'll better crank tonite ... I'm coming to party wit ya !!! 
Ooooo money $ money $ money $ ... I love it !!! 
Hey Ollie ... don't you just love it ??? Well you might not , but I do ... sooo funny to me !!! 
Bout to get my Go-Go on !!! Tryn to relax my mind with some crankin music tonite ... Infinity ... DJ Marvelous , DJ Footloose ... I know ya'll got my back on dat tonite righttt ??? 
woke up this morning hungry ... sausage gravy ... here I come !!! 
I was just thinking of my lil cousin when she posted that she loves me ... Love you too Steph !!! God knows we need to get together and < PROPFEMALE > out 
doing laundry can be sooo much fun .... NOT !!! 
checkin out the grammys 
I had such a wonderful evening with someone sooo special to me !!! Thanks for dinner and our special time together ... promise I won't start falling asleep next time ... lol ... Love you !!! Keep putting it on me !!! 
My baby boy is home sick wit mommy today :o ( Even tho he's 14 , he's still mama's baby ... love you Tre 
Gettin those KD season passes ... ready for that 305 
I'm sooo ready for this warm weather ... bout to start planning for my well needed mini vacation ... bout to burst outta my shell !!! 
Dear Lord , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known and unknown . Lord you know I am not perfect and I fall short everyday of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy . Thank you for my family , my friends , a roof over my head , food on my table , and everything I have .... Re-post if GOD has blessed you in any way ! Amen 
WTF ... I'm sooo tired right now , but I can't sleep ... guess I'll try to eat me a midnight snack ... maybe a full stomach will put me down , cause I don't have my sleeping pill to put me out for the night ... maybe I can get that sleeping pill tomorrow night instead ??? 
Kids at home today wit momma . Grandma don't never stay in one place when I need her . Hope the DMV ain't packed today ... son trying for his learners ... good luck Juice !!! 
DJ Mavelous just posted that his b-day bash is cancelled ... BUMMER !!! 
That Hennessy Black ya'll .... that Hennessy Black ... whew ... sooo smooth 
For all ya'll party go-ers out there , NORTHSIDE in RUCKERSVILLE is cranking tonite ... just be safe and have fun ya'll!!! 
It has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy .. but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
< PROPFEMALE > every moment of your children's lives they grow up way too fast 
Tickets have been purchased ... gonna be kickin it ol skool dis weekend !!! Yeah Boi !!! 
Hey Boo !!! Stoppin by to send you birthday wishes , but of course you knew that when I woke up wit you on my mind this morning ... R.I.P. babycakes 
For all the haters in the world who have ever tried to disrupt a family ... All I can say is blood is thicker than water !!! Realize it and keep it movin !!! 
ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has/had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... on the status of all my friends 
Dougie Fresh just taught us how to Dougie fo real 
Salt n Pepa bout to hit da stage ... yes yes yall 
I had one of the best evenings/nights in a long time ... and I enjoyed it with one of the best friends I could ever have ... thanks for hanging out < PROPMALE > !!! 
New Orleans sounds good right about now !!! Mardi Gras next week !!! 
Love is too weak to define just what you mean to me 
Game time ya'll 
~ I know my worth ~ 
Obviously I'm either extremely bored or all of my personalities have decided to post their own statuses , so this could take a while !! 
The flag does not fly because of the wind that blows it . The flag flies because each soldiers ' last breath blows by it ! GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS !!! 
Why is it that I can always see the best in people , but always seem to get their worst ? 
Fresh air ... maybe that'll help ... 
taking da brover to da crib ... holla in a few ... lol 
Somewhere between coming home and playing da kids in MarioKart DS done wiped me out ... I'm tired as heck ya'll!!! 
Thought I was gonna get a sleeping pill today , but now I'm awake and thinking about you more and more ... 
I think I wanna pamper myself today ... what else is there to do on this rainy day ??? 
If you love me , comment on my status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like it . \ 
If you hate me , message me why . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you aren't scared , put this on your status and see what you get 
Hey Buck ... casinos sound good tonite !!! Wanna try our luck ??? Just asking ... 
homemade banana splits !!! dats wuz uppp !!! 
I love to singa about da moona and da juna and da springa ... I like to singa 
Happy Birthday Ms. < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Happy Birthday Panya baby !!! Much love ... have fun ... be safe & stay blessed !!! 
< PROPMALE > Brown radio on Pandora be right ya'll 
I wanna say Happy Birthday to the most amazing woman I know ... my mother , < PROPFEMALE > Price < PROPFIRST > !!! Happy Birthday Mommy and many many more !!! 
