New chapter coming out and < PROPFEMALE>'s party !!! So exciting ! 

needs help ... Bring $1 and come see me . I have to sell these things for volleyball . Please help me out ! Love ya(kinda { jk } ) -XOTaylor 
< PROPFIRST > Benites is a little ho . 
< PROPFEMALE > is about to beat me because I'm not working on the We project . 
Do you think Mrs. T would be mad if I made my title : Cover that Cup up ? 
Well I just had a very traumatic experience . I'll just say that tennis is not the sport for me ; well actually it's more like raquette(racket ) ball isn't . 
Ah ! I'm so in love right now . I found an awesome web series ; so fascinating ! Thank you God , it is completed . I'd go insane if it wasn't . 
Just wants this world to dissolve away . 
HELP !!!!! Working on Chappter 7 test and can't quite get it . I need someone's help ! 
I'm so excited ! I just finished wrapping my friends ' presents , and tomorrow I get to give them out ! I hope everyone likes them at least a little bit . ^_^ 
Don't settle down too early . There's plenty of fire flies in the swamp . 
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous . 
Somehow I ended up with a B in Bio . So happy ! 
YES !!! I have all B's except for history and psych . I think Mr. Barrera thinks fondly of me because he putin some hundreds on things I didn't even do . Also , on the math a guessed on one and got it right giving me that 100 I needed for a B ! This is officially the best day ever !!!! ^_^ 
Today is going to be a good day . 
Just made scramble cheese eggs . Yay ! 
How could I have forgotten that she moved ?! 
My fingers are numb ... 
My friend is going to rape me ! T.T 
My new year's resolution is to start my life and to become independent ... 
Made the most amount of tips I ever have today ! Yay ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s car broke down which means no mall with < PROPFEMALE > . But do not fear we are okay and help is on the way . 
So I got all dolled up for nothing ... 
Hopefully tomorrow I'll do better at work ... 
I want to watch fired up :D 
I almost got through the whole week without hearing waffle house for you and me ... :/ 
Anyone have a good definition for ribosomal subunits ? 
Just had a really good dream ! Good morning all ! 
I am finally getting excited about going to college . I just found my dream one , and it's in New York City right next to Central Park . AH ! And it barely costs anything . Ok , I'm motivated ! I'm going to get accepted there no matter what ! 
Hmmm ... I honestly have nothing I really want to say on Facebook . I just wanted to change my status . 
How do you define love ? 
Anyone have a big brown envelope that I can use for Ms. Freeland's class ? Please ? 
I love scary stories !!! 
Some hearts are just lucky like that 
Yay ! My phone is working , but I had to restart it . So , if you want me to have your number text me at 623.293.1839 . 
I'm so tired . :/ 
Disney movie night with all the favorites ! And good luck to tennis ! 
I'm completely in love with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Oh what am I to do ? 
So today was fun . Randoms words for it-apples , lost , and pancake mix . 
How do you find the Siddhartha Quiz ?! 
Well screw it . I'm off to do other chores . 
So just got home from work , and now I get to do bio . Yay ... not . Um I'm pretty sure that's the only hmwk . Tell me if it isn't , please ? 
Well time for bio and psych . 
Field trip ! 
Yeah so I have really bad sportsmanship does anyone know a good way to help that ? 
Who do you think about on a crescent < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Today was AMAZING ! I got to see the tiger and feed the sting rays . Plus , we went to culver's afterwords . I still get the same thing everytime I go there . 
So < PROPFIRST > is not left-handed . 
Spilling waffle water is not fun . My pants are now beyond repair . 
So my family sucks ... 
I'm all strung out . My heart is fried . 
Technical difficulties are so much fun . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is too pro . Yeah right ... 
Tonight was fun . Thanks to all who went ! 
I feel like a horrible person . 
It's a nice day out today . 
So today has been a whirlwind of everything . I found a lucky egg and talked about Twilight and < PROPFIRST > Bieber at work . And then crap . I love my closest best friends ! :D 
Why d'ya have to be so cute ? It's impossible to ignore . Must you make me laugh so much ? It's bad enough we get along so well . Say goodnight and go . Ah ! I love that song ! ;D 
Hanging with the girls ! 
Ugh . Who thinks I should gain some confidence to do something I normally wouldn't ? I really want some opinions ! 
Thanks everyone ! 
I just realized that I got a high grade on the last Spanish test . Pretty cool . 
Just got back with my take-out . I'm considering watching the Suns game , but I probably won't . I did see the fast-forward of the Spurs game though . Then study guide . I really want that A ! 
Any suggestions for fun tonight ? 
I think I'm going to read Affairs of the heart again . 
Hanging with the gang , made a deal for Lexi's sake , and I'm not sure how to go about it . :/ 
I love that bittersweet kiss you give me after your morning coffee . It just puts me on high , loving me the way you do . 
Blast from the past , and a cute one too . Just got back from bowling where a kinda creepy guy hit on us . \ I make it look easy don't I ? \"- complete stranger " 
So I can't sleep ... 
Guess where I am right now , Lexi ? :) 
What do they mean August 3rd !? 
Well that sucks . I just took a nap , had a nightmare and can't remember what happened . 
Wow . Norm has the same tie as Mr. Jacklin . 
Cross your heart and kiss your elbow . 
Just won the giant pot . Oh yea ! 
Tonight was a lot of fun . I lost $10 because < PROPMALE > all of a sudden decided to be good at pool , but I ended up winning the pot ( which wasn't worth anything T.T ) . Still , thanks for the GREAT night all ! 
I wish I had something alot like love . 
It's Lilth ! That's shocking . 
Grrr . Math project and orals tomorrow , and I've done nothing . 
Alright . I'm off work and need to do Spanish and study for the math test . I really hope I don't bomb this one . 
So I'm pretty sure that I'm staying home tomorrow . :/ 
So ... thinking about the future sucks . And I say that as an understatement . 
Wow . Daisies in Spanish us margaritas . 
Wow . Daisies in spanish is margaritas . 
Just found an awesome poem by Hughes and finished watching the secret garden . I can't wait to read the book ! 
Start the day smiling :D 
Yea , so I bombed the spainsh oral . 
I love how this guy walks in and plays all these old timey songs . 
Lots and lots of homework . 
I feel so accomplished right now . Tonight is the award's ceremony . Everyone who goes tonight should go to dinner also . :D 
At the risk of sounding conceited , I feel pretty . :D 
I feel like a bombshell right now . 
Yay . I got my letter . Now it's off to dinner with a pretty bouquet . 
So I got some free time before work . Wonder what I should do ? 
So I'm in a good mood even though nothing happened or did it ? Hehe My lips are sealed . ;D 
So I'm in a indifferent mood right now . Hopefully it will change into a happier one . 
So I realized that I don't do very well with love/like confessions . I become so red . 
Suns vs . Lakers Someone is gonna be mad tomorrow . 
What's up with these cute guys with last names that I absolutely cannot pronounce ? 
Half time Lakers lead 62-55 . Somewhere < PROPFIRST > is cursing her head off , and somewhere else < PROPFIRST > is jumping up and down . Haha 
< PROPFIRST > is gonna be in a bad mood tomorrow . 
Studying bio 
So frustrated ... Finding time for IB orals is proving harder than I thought . D: 
I hate when people ate hostile towards me when I first meet them . I'm slightly intimidated right now . 
Work turned out better than I thought . I should study for bio , but hell I'll just wing it . 
So I'm scared right now . 
Everyone is freaking over bio . I hope I get a good grade . :D 
I've decided that I want a summer romance/fling . Let the adventure begin ! 
Good morning ! :D 
Yay ! No OJ ! 
I don't mind spending everyday in the pouring rain . Look for the girl with the broken smile . 
Lexi's puppies are so adorable . I'm going to steal the black one . 
So I just ordered Chinese food , and a Indian guy delivered it . That's just a bit funny . 
Suge just scared me so bad . 
IB orals tomorrow . I'm a bit scared . 
Yay ! 
Everything is working out . 
Yay . Everything is done . I got a new pack of cards ! Let's break them in tomorrow . ;D 
It feels like a good morning . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s baby is such a weird movie 
Why did my brain wake me up so early ?! 
I hate how I can't control my emotions and let people affect me . 
Tonight was a lot of 
Tonight has been amazing . Thanks all for the fun . We should do it again ! :D 
Slightly bored right now . 
Wet'n Wild Monday morning . Should be fun . 
If only ... 
Interesting night . Work , get kidnapped , cold water , and Lexi grinding . I won't say what . 
I'm in quite the pensive mood . 
Yay ! A . I . is on ! Too bad I won't get to finish it . T.T 
Is it so weird for me to sing/hum lullabies ? 
Breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s and locker clean out tomorrow . Y'all should come and help . 
Pretty slow morning , but I'm not complaining . 
What do you call a smart duck ? 
Anyone need a graphing calculator ? 
Ah . Laughs , exotic places , and gorgeous men . Life could be good . 
Oh my gosh yes ! Old timey < PROPFIRST > mouse cartoons . 
Are there any waffle houses in California ? And which city is the best , do you think ? 
I hate this . I'm such a coward choked up with fear dreaming of running away . 
Just got out of my meeting and now I'm off to wet n wild ! 
Ah . Big 
Ah . Big daddy is one of the best movies . 
Ah ... happy endings . 
Does anyone know the name of the opening song of Grey's anatomy ? 
I feel so deprived of French fries . 
So ... I'm happy because a regular told me I was his favorite server . Yay ! 
Ah . Sleep , you continue to evade me . 
Just got home from walking n talking with lex and < PROPFIRST > . Now I hope sleep will < PROPMALE > me a visit tonight 
< PROPFIRST > and the chocolate factory and I didn't completely ruin dinner . It's a good night 
So I felt like a tard today trying to better toast with my left hand . 
I don't mind spending everyday , out in the pouring rain . Look for the girl with a broken smile . Ask her if she wants to stay a while . And she will be loved . 
So I worked with only #4 today , had a family walk out and didn't get fills or condi done . Yet I was praised . It doesn't sit right with me . 
The sky is really beautiful right now . 
I need a hero . I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night . He's gotta be strong . And he's gotta be fast . And he's gotta be fresh from the fight . 
Thanks to everyone for an eventful birthday . 
Swimming in a pool while there's a storm going on is pretty awesome . 
So I'm cleaning the house on the last day of house sitting , and found out that the couch makes out into a bed . Great ... 
Fuck family . 
Let's pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars . I could really use a wish right now . 
Today was so slow , that I won two games of war . 
Airplanes 
T_T ... :D ... :o ... : c . 
Can you paint with all the colors of the wind ? 
Crazy fun tonight with who knows ! :D 
Fun night ! 
The bewitching hour ... 
If I could see what I want to see\ 
I want to see you go down on one knee\ 
Marry me today\ 
Guess I'm wishing my life away\ 
With these things I'll never say 
Rain ! 
Wet n wild tomorrow ? 
Wet n wild today at 3 ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > and the frog has really cheered me up . 
You gotta promise not to stop when I say when . She sang . 
Work : great ! Home : not much ... but the stars are saying that more riches are to come . So I'm hopeful . 
My best friend's wedding's ending was very disappointing . 
Freshman orientation was pretty cool . I hope MuAlphaTHeta gets more members this year . :D 
Mellow days , crazy nights , yet I still can't find the time . Accidentally wishing on that falling < PROPFEMALE > that shot too far . 
Lump slipped on a kiss and tumbled into love . 
I hate the days I'm off ... 
So I just got my book bag that's kinda ridiculous , but still almost perfect and two books . Yay ! 
Pretty woman and chasing pavements . 
Can't sleep and I have work tomorrow . Great ... On the bright side I'm a third done with Othello . :D 
Off to Sedona for the day . 
Today was great ! My summer is officially complete . I also realized that I'm rather aggressive when I know I can take it . 
So I open my history book to chapter seventeen , and the first thing I read is , \Like Moses ... \"" 
Did anyone else watch the season finale of Pretty Little Liars ? 
I took the plunge and started a formspring . 
River-walking was so much fun today ! :D 
Chilling at work playing cards . 
Frustration ... 
Mom came home and stuff went down at dinner with < PROPFEMALE > . Yay ... fml . 
Much better day ... and I get to work a double tomorrow ! Yay ! 
Can anyone send me a copy of 
Can anyone send me a copy of the objectives sheet and tell me which ones we have to do ? 
It's only the fourth day and I already have a C in bio . 
I just found my hbob 
First night in the apartment . 
Watching the old school chipmunks . 
The clouds are so pretty . 
Cruel intentions and hmwk . 
Dinner's smelling good and I'm almost done with my hmwk . It's been a good day ( except for being yelled at about college ) . :D 
Dinner is a huge success . 
Working on labor day ... 
Half-time score 0-35 . Guess who's winning ... T.T 
Fight on the field . 
First touchdown ! 
Final score 7-49 . They won , but we got a touchdown . :/ 
Got my jersey and intend to watch almost every game . 
Come on jets ! 
10-9 Jets lost ... I'm not gonna hear the end of this at work 
I've been out of IB for two hours now , and I love it ! 
What the hell , I can bowl better with my left hand ?! 
Yay ... work with only 5 hours of sleep ! 
Watching the notebook because I can't find the time traveler's wife . 
I wanna go slow dancing . 
As it rained , God laughed and said , \You've just been assassinated . \"" 
Vote for < PROPMALE > WANG and < PROPFIRST > WENTZEL for homecoming !!! :D 
Bring some quarters to play at the MuAlphaTHeta booth at tailgate . :D 
Halftime score 14-28 them 
Final 14-42 them 
Final 21-42 them 
I just wanted to thank everyone for helping me out last night . I really appreciate < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for letting me use their cars and giving me a ride home . Oh and < PROPMALE > for dealing with that box . 
Gonna donate some blood today ! 
Just saved a life 
I wanna go to Italy . 
Heart throb 
Just had some sushi and now I'm going shopping 
Now that I'm out of money and my feet are killing me , I will go see that movie . 
Almost home 
I really needed today . And I can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with Alex . on Friday . 
I simpy cannot wait ... 
Jets game and wings tonight ! Yay ! 
Halftime 0-9 jets are winning ! But there hasn't been a single touchdown ... :( 
Are you kidding me !? A fucking 81 yards and they settle for a field goal ! 
Fuck again ?! 
Hell yes ! 
20-29 Jets baby ! And I might have won the pool . 
I like it on the counter . 
Today is really nice . 
In need of a ride ! Can anyone give me a ride to < PROPFEMALE>'s tomorrow night ? 
Fun night . It was great to see most of everyone and play fugitive . 
MuAlphaTheta members ! < PROPFEMALE > sales are this week . Pick up your bag in ms. Goldman's room . 
I hate this ! 
Is it weird that all I can think about is sleep right now ? 
Just got done making the family steak dinner . Yum ! 
I dream of < PROPFEMALE > marathon and then Halloween festival tonight ! 
My poor half-eaten breakfast :( 
Going to see the play tonight ! 
I think I might reread the < PROPMALE > potter books ... 
Pho with everyone was great . Now ice cream ? I think so . 
I've missed hanging out with everyone ! 
Ice Blast ! 
I'm cold , tired and hungry . Ah the joys of being at school . 
D: and > : v fml 
Crazy day at work , but I made bank . 
So restless ... 
I think I'm in a good mood today . 
Lazy morning and work in the afternoon . 
Cooking today 
Long day and it still isn't done 
Wow today I'm seeing all my IB firends and old teachers from Paseo . 
So ... apparently I could be at the IB work day today . Interesting ... 
Watching < PROPFIRST > ! 
Half day ! 
Just got home after shopping . I think I'm good for the rest of the year . ;D 
I love the way my hair looks after a shower ! ^_^ 
Just dominated at a scavenger hunt ! :p 
Here I am , looking pretty for you , but it's no use , so I'm dancing alone . 
Why does 3rd period always drag on ?! 
Just found out that my mom is coming over ... yay not 
So that was fun finding out I needed to work this morning at 7 ... but at least I made bank 
So pretty ... 
So cold ... 
Sometimes I hate being ahead of everyone 
Poster done , heart swelled , and I'm ready to sleep . Big congratulatuons to < PROPFIRST > BENITES ! 
This week has been sooooooo long ... 
This week is taking its toll . 
That was embarrassing ... 
Frustration 
I'm not the one 
Wearing my new boots ! I kinda look like a country singer ... 
Amazing dinner ! 
Yay ! Lunch with no lines 
Why do we bother with love , if it never lasts ? 
Saw aricia for the last time . /sniff 
Excited about lunch and tennis tomorrow with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Sushi ! Yay lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
I don't wanna be in love 
So I didn't go to 12k's of Christmas ... I feel slightly bad 
Such a nice morning ! 
Who are when I'm not looking 
I know you won't 
Just finished reading Mansfield park 
Just to see you smile 
She used to be a < PROPFEMALE > 
Going Christmas shopping 
Just got mistaken for a Walmart worker ... 
Gift wrapping 
I'll be handing out gifts tomorrow . Yay ! 
Puppy chow ! 
I hate how easily I blush sometimes ... 
Daylight robbery 
I love my friends even if some don't admit that I am their friend 
< PROPFEMALE > Claus is coming to ... Waffle house ! 
I hope you dance 
Half day ! Anybody going out for lunch ? 
French fries ! 
Today I got a < PROPMALE > book from a woman who has moustache and a comb for it . :D 
The beating of music drowns out all of my thoughts 
Working with #4 as a server is really weird . O.o 
This love , this hate 
Oh how I hate waiting in lines . 
ah obscene gestures 
Indecisiveness 
Looking hott and hitting a party with the girls 
Clubbing 
You say it best when you say nothing at all 
It feels like a lazy morning 
Just got home from work and realized I don't have to wake up early ... ah bliss 
Anyone going to the gift wrapping thing today that can give me a ride ? :D 
Ugh I've been wearing my hair up too much lately 
Gift wrapping at borders 
Subway 
Fucking assholes 
Slightly better now that I listened to a weird voice mail , brought a cute sweater , and won the football pool . 
Tired , but I made bank tonight . :D 
Little night out with < PROPFIRST > 
Spa day ! Kinda ... 
Hmmm .... 
Ah bliss 
Just got done with one of the cakes and let's just say it's not the best I've made ... 
Arg ! < PROPMALE > hanger ! I'm so restless now ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
I just got a $100 tip ! 
Made bank tonight ! Yay ! 
I got wi-fi for Christmas . YAY ! 
FINALLY I get to watch the grinch ! 
today's my friday 
Ugh sometimes I feel like nothing ... 
Envious dreams and wishes 
Gonna go play with the girls until then I'll be out for lunch 
Movie night with < PROPFIRST > and Lexi after an afternoon of shopping ... sounds good to me ! :D 
What do you think I have down there a gnome 
Wow some Mexicans are stealing rims at circle k and my friends are checking them out ... :/ 
Rule #1 : Guys make the first move . 
I love how you can barely see < PROPFIRST > over her car . 
Just got done cleaning the kitchen . I love how on my day off I still have to clean dishes I didn't make ... :/ 
Jump then fall 
Yay ! I work 1st shift for the most part this week ! 
Wow . I actually finished a full box of chinese food . I kinda feel like a pig ... ah well . 
Never forget a friend , especially if he owes you . 
I finally get to see sixteen candles . Wonder how good it is ? 
I'm so restless ! 
Ah Orange juice 
I love the rain 
My shoes almost don't fit my style , but they do look professional . 
I'm getting so frustrated because of this game ! 
It's snowing at waffle house ! 
I hate how my hands burn when I put lotion on them , despite them needing it . 
rock band while the family is out 
Keep your feet on the ground , when your head is in the clouds 
Just got 2000 on data worm . I can now go to sleep peacefully . 
So I finally get to see sundays at < PROPFEMALE>'s again , but then decide to work ... :/ 
I feel so exhausted and sore and I don't know why ... ^o^ 
My dad just got done bleaching his hair ... um what ?! 
Follow me down 
Why do classes do mission statements ? 
Send my love to the dancefloor 
So I don't have a 5th period . Perfect day to go out for lunch ... too bad my ride has a fifth period 
Guess who had a two hour late start ?! 
I feel like making jam right now ... 
pretty little liars premieres tonight ! 
Heading to the waffle house for a couple of hours 
I miss singing ... 
Competition coming up and I'm low on funds ... at least I get to sleep in ! 
Just got up haha 
Blood drive on the 26th ! Sign up and save lives . 
Tonight was good excecpt for the fact that < PROPFIRST > called me by the wrong name and then tried to play it off . Haha 
Area competition today ... I hope I'm dressed right ... :/ 
Nerves are on edge . 
I don't think I did very well ... 
Ugh ... I hate this . I don't feel pretty at all . 
Just won a medal 
Ah how I love spanish rice . I only wish I knew how to make it correctly ^_^ 
Ah sugar scrubs are amazing afterwards ... 
Going to the amc area with < PROPFIRST > ! Come join us if you want ... :D 
Sometimes I hate love stories , and other times I crave them ... 
I'm so sore !!!!!!!!! 
Sometimes I think I can walk straight and then I trip :/ 
Ah to be < PROPMALE > and to buy to your soul's content 
My piggy bank is so full , I'll be cooking up some bacon tomorrow ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Benites is now 18 ! And is rocking it BITCHES ! 
So my sister woke me up at 6 this morning and I couldn't go back to sleep ... bummer 
Wings sound so good right now 
HAHA I am smarter than the piece of ice ! 
I hate my printer so much ! >.< 
Paperwork ... 
Almost fell asleep in government 
In the glittering cloud 
Darkness on my eyes 
Things to do before I die : learn to play the piano , travel across the world , be fluent in another language , and leave a legacy . 
Nice morning low securities what more could a girl ask for 
Today was actually a good day ... 
So I'm cooking Monday ... awesome 
Had a good day at work . I embarrassed < PROPFIRST > at speed and had a battle with my old nemesis-ice . My army was only injured while the ice lost many 
Had a nightmare and woke up 3 hours too early ugh ... 
Sometimes I really hate working with #4 I just want to hit something . >_< 
Government hmwk not fun 
Going to the 2nd assembly today , if you see me yell ! 
Ah hot chocolate 
Anyone wanna do anything today after school ? 
A tie that's bullshit 
Speeding cars 
I'll marry you for your money , but don't ask me for love . Even the most pleasant sounding words burn the stone . 
Rugrats ! 
Gemini or Cancer ? 
I really just want to go back to sleep ... 
My bed has never felt so good . 
Dancing to the insanely loud music make my thoughts mute and my tears dry . 
Jets won despite everyone hating on them ! 
Hopes and dreams and the reality of things 
You know that you have been working too much when you notice that a sugar needs to be filled during a movie .... 
I'm so tired that there's nothing on my mind 
So dead right now ... X_X 
oh bed , you never fail to please me ^_^ 
Blare the music ! Jump up and down ! Stop the thoughts from flowing ! Everybody make a sound ! 
Hot or cold , it coarses through my soul , either way I can't control it . Is this fear or freedom ? 
Finally finished my book unfortunately it ended in a < PROPMALE > hanger ... 
I feel kinda crazy ... 
Being around my family always gives me a headache 
I now understand why everyone is addicted to angry birds 
My new resolve starts tomorrow 
It was enchanting to meet you 
I love getting chewed out and blamed for everything . That's always the highlight of my day ... 
Looking forward to the music museum field trip :D 
Why doesn't everybody get mad at me today ? Anyone who has an issue with me better get it out now because tomorrow I'm not dealing with it . 
It starts today . Gonna change some things up 
Invader Zim ! 
Gonna have breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! :D 
The < PROPFEMALE > looks pretty . 
Epic spit playing with < PROPFEMALE > 
Day off ! 
Lately I've been really interested in Russia . Maybe I'll try to learn that language too ... 
Today is a good singing day for me ... 
In the pit on first shift D: 
Just got all of my section filled at the same time D: 
Just beat the most tips I've ever gotten in a shift ^_^ 
At the end of the year we should go to the ocean and have a bonfire where we burn all the homework and such ( sorry < PROPFEMALE > ) that we don't need anymore ? 
I feel a little quirky right now ... 
ARG ! Halee had been right . I want to throw this book at a wall ! < PROPMALE > frustration 
My jets failed me tonight . T.T 
I have back to December stuck in my head ... 
Moving on up to 1st shift for a long while ! Yay ! 
Anyone want a Droid 2 phone for $300 includes charger and 8 gig SD card ? 
Fucking won the soccer game and cursed out the ref ! 
Boy's soccer team was bitching and the ref was fucking horrible . 
Donating blood ! 
Early day tomorrow which means I'll be chilling at Waffle house for a couple of hours ! 
I feel lazy and childish 
I hate not being 18 > 3 < 
Since I can't dance , I'll cook . 
Literally slept the day away 
Going out with my girls , and apparently I look good ! 
Why is it that I still get in trouble despite not doing anything wrong and check in every once in a while ? I might as well be as bad as I want if this keeps up ... 
Woo ! 3 hours of sleep ! 
Message me at 623.293.1839 if you would like to buy a Droid 2 , SD card and charger included , for $300 
Drama follows , and I can't run away this time . At least not until I'm 18 
Ah shopping ... cute new wardrobe and makeup for those days that I feel like looking pretty . 
I actually get a tax refund ! 
< PROPFIRST > Franco 
Today feels like it's going to be good . I sure hope this vibe isn't wrong ... 
Black cow 
I should be doing my comparative essay , but I think I'll put it off for a little while longer ... 
You're a real asshole , but at least your shirt is funny ... 
Stupid school system >.< 
Laser tag with everyone . I'm excited ! 
No homo 
Tonight was GREAT ! We should totally do it again except for the whole spilling of my most embarrassing attribrute < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Why is it so cold 
Is it possible to murder a phone ? 
Ah I feel so refreshed 
So much to do ! 
< PROPFEMALE > doom dominates tomorrow 
I just spent $50 at Starbucks and I don't even drink coffee ... :/ 
It's a beautiful day not a cloud in sight so I guess I'm doing alright 
Where have all the intelligent people gone ? 
Feeling like posting lyrics , but I don't know what I feel like right now ... 
Gonna go out and play 
Fun day , although I didn't get to go out with < PROPFIRST > ... 
Just finished my book ! Now I can go onto the other five that seems to be constantly increasing ... 
Perception , confusion , consequences 
Taking the plunge ... I wonder how it will go ... 
Not bad ... 
You wanna go night night ! 
Ah my over protective family at waffle house 
Just got back hiking with Halee . 
I love how everyone goes crazy over < PROPFEMALE > cupcakes 
Turns out I do have to work today ... 
Pretty shitty work day not gonna lie ... Some perks , but not enough 
Hopefully today is better ... 
Anyone want to play tennis with me tomorrow afterschool ? If so hit me up by 7 tomorrow morning- 623.293.1839 
MIM was amazing ! Now it's time to go let loose 
Baby is someone else calling you baby 
Am I crazy ? 
Nothing like a good southern meal and my pjs 
Just made my mom piss herself 
Excited about Monday ! 
I have to wait until November !!!!! 
Greek , yum ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Hansen is the best person ever because she gave me a REAL black < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm do happy right now 
Ah I don't have any early days this week ... T.T 
I love how I can breathe out of my nose prefectly while hiking , but as soon as I get inside I can't ... 
Hate to admit it ... 
It gets dark too quick 
I don't want to get up early tomorrow T3T 
So , because Am won't SHUT UP ! :P \ 
Like my status and I'll answer the following questions :\ 
#1 ) . Whats your name saved on my phone . \ 
#2 ) . How long have I known you . \ 
#3 ) . What's my most memorable moment with you . \ 
... #4 ) . Do you mean a lot to me . \ 
#5 ) . Word to describe you . \ 
#6 ) . Would I care if i lost you . \ 
#7 ) . What I love about you . \ 
#8 ) . What I hate about you . \ 
#9 ) . You've just been dared to make this your status ! 
Bad vibes ... 
I kinda wanna be carried < PROPFEMALE > style right now ... 
I wanna cry my eyes out , punch someone in the face , run my mouth , lose my mind , scream out , travel to a new place , sleep until I don't feel , fade into the crowd , and then when that's all done I want to ... 
Missed my date and dancing 
Ah the rain , altough I wish it would storm a little more 
Back to work for a couple of hours ... 
Finally a night to relax ... too bad all that drama is still hanging around 
Where will the wind take me next ... 
Eeeeehhh ! I hate when creeps stare 
The cartoonist impression looks just like me only better 
Early day tomorrow ... Not excited ... 
So my phone is demented and decided to take pictures of who knows what ... um help ? 
Sometimes I really love waffle house . <3 
Left the suds in the bucket and clothes hanging on the line 
Ah I love mornings like these ... 
Forbidden fruit creates many jams ... Haha it's a pun ! Oh fortune cookie , you . 
Just ditched the club 
Late starts and I get to eat brunch with my pals ^_^ 
So much to do , so little ambition 
Waiting at the place 
Breakfast was delicious , even with < PROPMALE > making sexual faces at my pancakes 
If only I had wings 
I really want to go Friday , but I might not be able to ... T.T 
I've never smoked weed or was drunk . Post this as your status and whoever likes it thinks your lying . 
Always more of an antagonist ... 
So many emotions yet I can't release any of them 
I'm in a surprisingly good mood ^_^ 
I love < PROPFEMALE > she's amazing 
I love that Burlesque movie 
Don't expect anything from me unless it's disappointment . Even then , I fail . However let me be , and I'll always be your shining < PROPFEMALE > . 
Going to the festival ! 
Carnivals are definitely the best ! 
Packing for the DECA trip ! :D 
Ugh AP Government is so boring 
Just got back from the science museum . It was so fun ! 
Wish me luck . Today is the competition part . 
Just finished my first one . I don't know how well I did ... ^ ~ ^ 
Just got back and I may have very well gotten into the top ten ! ^_^ 
Going to the musical tonight . 
Foam party just ended and hell yea it was fun ! Got work tomorrow , so night ladies and gents . ;D 
Reformation 
Just figured out what I'm doing for most of my tattoos 
Going to california today ! 
Just saw a hybrid of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
I love space mountain and innoventions ! Tomorrow I get to go to Fantasyland . Yay ! 
Trigger played keep away with my pen 
The Disney character I'm most like is ... the evil < PROPFEMALE > from snow white ... 
Wishing , praying on that shooting < PROPFEMALE > that you'll come home real soon 
Back home ... Is that such a good thing ? 
Shall we achieve greatness together ? 
Now that she's back in the atmosphere with drops of jupiter in her hair , hey , hey . She acts like summer and walks like rain reminds me that there's time to change , hey , hey . 
I can go out every night of the week\ 
Can go home with anybody I meet\ 
But it's just a temporary high\ 
' Cause when I close my eyes\ 
I'm somewhere with you 
Rain rain come and stay 
Rain rain come and stay , let's play play all day long 
I've changed my mind and hopefully I can keep it up from here on out . Wish me luck ! 
This morning was fun , going to Starbucks with < PROPFEMALE > and then trying to do crosswords . 
Good changes are happening once you sign the dotted line 
I feel kind of broken ... 
< PROPFIRST > cheered me up ! 
Two nightmares in one night ... ugh , but at least I don't feel like I'm waking up early because of how bright it is outside . 
I hope it's a good day tomorrow ... 
Shit's going down . Don't you love family drama 
Refreshed 
Yay ! I may very well be getting a keyboard for graduation ! Plus , I now know my goal for getting a laptop . 
Cutting the red threads 
I want to feel the music pumping my blood and thoughts draining away to a place where they can't surface and make my day hell . I want to let it all go . I want to get crazy . 
beautifull day maybe I will go out later 
< PROPFEMALE > yogurt is simple 
Good day :D 
Our school administration is fucked up . Why can't you just talk to me ?! 
I love when someone says those words I crave just to revoke them because it causes them pain . Give back my relief ! 
I miss my tan legs : c 
The slow season is gonna kill my tips : c 
There's so many hot air balloons ... 
Was kinda bummed that nothing was on TV , and then I remembered that I bought Tangled . Oh happy days are here ! 
Super happy because now I'm further in a series ! ^_^ 
words thougts out loud 
I love when I'm so happy , I can't stop myself from smiling . Reminds me that I'm ok . 
I love cooking ! 
KYA 
