has a day and a half left of vacation ! and is going to enjoy every second of it ! 

is up early ! needs to train his body for school ! 
where's < PROPFEMALE > when i need her ? 
lol , im just a lame lonely drunk ! hahaha 
just had the best weekend all summer ! and now i am tired but not sleepy 
Feels sad that he has to move again 
Is finally done packing , cleaning , and organizing ! and now must wait to move in ! 
Is on his last day of summer ! :( 
has class tomorrow .... the long wait is finally over . i am officially a UC < PROPMALE > student . Im scared ....... 
feels really irresponsible ... but thinks its worth it ! 
stayed up late studying tonight instead of drinking ! yay ! 
has nothing to do but homework tonight . thursdays suck 
wow . i got done surprisingly early tonight ! 
just woke up from a long nap 
Watched Capitalism : A Love Story and thought it was AWESOME ! 
Someone stole my BIKE !!!! I loved that bike . When I catch up to them they WILL be sorry .... 
IM SO TIRED OF STUDYING ! but i can't stop now . a midterm is just around the corner ! 
AAHH ! < PROPMALE > sucks at time management ! 
tired , but too pissed off to go to sleep 
ready for some hard core studying ! 
Is loving Linear Algebra tonight ! 
IS GOING CRAZY WITH MATH !!!!! 
FINALLY finished all my math homework ! GOOD GOD ! 
Ok . Time to REALLY understand what Linear Algebra is all about 
Spent all day trying to understand Linear Algebra and FAILED ! 
HOW ? WHY ! Linear Algebra is SO illusive ! Why can't I see what's REALLY going on ? BAH ! 
AHHH ! < PROPFIRST > CANONICAL FORM CAN DROP DEAD ! 
thinks he took stupid pills today ....... why does my hw not make sense ! AHH@ ! 
is happy because he got a bunch of new books from the library . :) 
SHH no one tell bobby ...... im eating his pizza ..... ;) 
has decided to admit defeat . i just will never understand the full complexity of the universe ..... :( 
gunna go play some games ..... yay ... 
The interested reader will find a derivation of these equations in section 13.2 
ok . gunna go sleep now . following < PROPFIRST>'s advice ..... 
facebook is not working ! 
is done with Thanks Giving festivities and is ready to get back to work ! 
needs some speed for I-chem ! 
was very prodcutive today ! :) 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH ! caffiene ............ 
gotta keep going ....... 
Now for another dose of Linear Algebra study ! 
One down , two left to go ! 
ONE MORE FINAL ! 
IM DONE ! ONE quarter down ! 8 more to go ........ 
The Great O-chem circle of LIFE ! 
OMG Jelly Beans EVERYWHERE ! 
is tired and emotionally empty ...... 
break can now officially start ! 
The Count of < PROPMALE > Cristo ..... amazing 
is hella tired and going to take another nap ! :) 
Loves his classes ! This is going to be an awesome quarter ! 
AHHH !!!! so much to do already !!!! why did i ever complain about being bored over break ? 
Does anyone want to do anything tonight ? I am tired of studying ... 
Another day done ... much to study ... much sleep to catch up on ... 
taking a deap breath and readying myself to deal with the great metaphysical unknowns .... 
just realized how much he loves Coca Cola 
danced for the first time in years and is happy he hasn't lost all of his skillz ... 
Is feeling AMAZING ! HAD SUCH A GREAT DAY ! YESSSS ! 
woke up from a short nap , had some coffee , and is now ready to study !!!! 
Has only more chapter to go ! Then he is ready to tackle the deep mysteries of life with new insights ! YESS ! 
Feels like this 3 day weekend lasted a whole week ! time to get back to school ...! 
definitely ' bus'ing today ...... stupid rain 
feels satisfied with life .... 
needs to start pacing himself ..... or else the quarter will catch up to him !! 
wow . almost done with philosophy paper ..... YES ! 
wow , finished philosophy just in time to now get my math homework done and then after that chemistry and then after that midterm on monday .... stupid quarter system ..... 
ok its time to kick some partial differential @$$ ! 
WOW .... how the mighty have fallen ........ partial differential equations has become my worst enemy and it takes no prisoners .... I am down to my last few breaths of life 
depression and drinking leads to one CRAZY night ! lol 
wow .... january is over ! finally ! 
Tired as $#@ ! going to bed early and waking up even earlier tonight ! 
got sick ! damn ! gotta survive till the weekend .... 
wishes he wasn't sick as a dog ! ughhh ! 
Feels better ! 
atoms , metaphors , and paradoxes ..... 
JUST REALIZED THAT ITS A 3 DAY WEEKEND ! YES ! :) 
Realizes what a fine < PROPMALE > writing can be ! 
NOT a TEEN ANYMORE ! 
gots two write a philosophy paper about my philosophy paper ! 
tired .... and its only the 1st day back ...... :( 
has realized that his brain just plain works better when its nice outside ! 
gotta finish this philosophy paper ! 
OMG how is it tuesday already ? it seems like monday didn't even happen 
is done with his last midterm this quarter .... 
Why do laundry days somehow always go bad ? 
another good < PROPFEMALE > day ! :) 
spaghetti squash is delicious ! 
oh man ! grad students can party ! wow ! 
Learning Applied math goes something like this : 1 . Apply math to phenomena you have NEVER studied before and not to mention understood 2 . Take a class in order to understand phenomena in order to understand the math 3 . Once in this new class notice that the teacher assumes you know all the math . 4 . Cry 5 . Want to shoot all teachers in the face 
realizes that the reason why he has been having a hard time finding answers was because he was asking all the wrong questions ..... and now the world looks so differrent . 
is no longer the ligand prep boy ! Hopefully the new project works out ! 
So im going to bed ..... damn philosophy paper ...... 
finals week has finally made me tired of the final study for my final tomorrow 
wow , glad pde is done forever ! 
Blew my chemistry out of the way .... now I have to tackle Linear Thinking and Circular Logic ( Linear Algebra and Metaphysics ) hahaha 
FINALLY DONE ! Longest quarter ever ! now im too tired to even party ...... ugh ! 
Wow , good food .... good company . spring break has been good so far ! 
ugh !!!! i fail ..... 
Alcohol !? This smells just like Hill people milk .... I have been drinking this since I was a baby ! hahahahahahaha 
I don't see the problem with Schrodinger's Cat . It either lives or dies . Open the box and find out ..... ooops , then you have made a measurement , yeah dumbass and then you also get to know whether it lives or not ! jeez ! 
Eisntein use to be my hero . But not today . Not anymore ...... 
Its good to see family :) 
Doesn't want Spring Break to end :( 
has laundry to do ..... 
had an exhausting day ! tired . and ready for school tomorrow . :) 
I always new that time and space were relative to motion ! Stupid < PROPMALE > confused me . this is why i had such a hard time in 4A ! 
Teacher : \Why were you late ? \ " Student : \ " I was studying special relativity and lost track of the time . \"" 
nap time ..... :) 
wants to go to sleeeeeep ! lol 
Is making his Research Proposal today ! 
picnic day tomorrow ! I have no idea what to expect ! 
finally got rid of his hangover ! It's study time ! 
wants to go swimming ! 
Feels not well .... ughh to much stuff going on ! justs wants the quarter to end all ready ! 
one more day until the weekend ! 
survived the week ! and now is going to have some fun with roomates :) 
listening to awesome music ! 
tired and grumpy .... going to bed ..... but had a fun night ! :) 
had the best swim ever ! pool water was perfect temp and now i feel relaxed and happy ! 
doesn't feel like starting another week of school ! what happened to the weekend ? 
Ok . Time to start again ! A new outlook for a new week ! 
Had the best swim ever ! This can definitely become a trend :) 
hasn't swam in so long he forgot what an IM was ! :o 
Spring is time for swimming and violins ! 
Panthers go ROR ! 
gunna have nightmares tonight ..... I already know it ! Hopefully I won't have to sleep alone , hahaha 
got to play pool ! had fun :) 
hoping for a good week :) 
wow ! Long ass day ! Almost finished my chem project :) . One more day ! 
Wow , time for bed ! before more crazy comes forth from the depths of hell ! 
Time to switch gears ! No lab for a couple weeks until midterms ! 
just woke up from a long nap .... doesn't really know what to do ... laundry ? maybe ? 
chem time ! 
Math is draining all my energy ! :( 
Bedtime for Bonzos ! 
Has a soar throat ! Why Always on midterm week !!!!! :( 
really tired ! and feeling sicker today . midterms = not enough sleep = sickness . :( 
One more day until I have 3 midterms back to back ! and then I have 4 more weeks of school until finals ! yay ...... :( 
3/4 of my midterms are done ! Wow ! time to take nap :) 
is very happy and ready to start studying again ! 
one more midterm ! 
Finally done with midterms ! 
feels like he is lacking some inspiration ..... 
is off to lab ! 
ughhh , I wish there was a calculus that was less \limmited\ " ...... oh wait . there is ! So why am I studying this ? " 
Must ..... force myself ...... to do . math . hw . 
UC < PROPMALE > refuses to higher me . They are missing out on a good tutor . 
ughh , feels like there is so much to do . doesn't want to do it . feels like waiting for something special , but is probably waiting for nothing ..... lol 
physics physics \ 
physics physics , chem chem chem chem , math math math math , bio bio bio \ 
bio bio , oohhh look something shiny !!! 
long day ! gunna get everything done ! i know i can ! 
Officially one week left of school for me ! 
Last real analysis class forever ! yes ! 
If anyone has tried to call me or text me I apologize for not replying . I am switching to t-mobile because it is much cheaper than att and I will not have a phone until Friday . 
Is going to bed after a long but awesomely productive day ! :) 
I MISS MY SISTER and think she and LEAF BOY should visit me next weekend ! 
has a new phone and is now reconnected again to the world ! 
two finals down ! 2 more to go ! 
doesn't want to or even know how to study for his math final ! Why should I prove it if i can just invent an axiom to make it work ? 
wants to be done . with school . forever . done . 
one . more . day . 
competitive , non-competitive , and uncompetitive . if you were an enzyme inhibitor which would you be ? 
DOOOOOOOOOONNNE ! first day of summer = naptime ! 
is going to have a great day ! 
gunna do some science today ! 
hates banks , telephone companies , school registrars and financial serivce operations , and ALL automated systems . waste my time and I still don't get what I need . 
packing some stuff before I go home for the next few days ! 
YES !!!!! got an 8 gig memory card upgrade for all my troubles ! life is fair . 
is tired ! 
is going to be prove that irrational < PROPFIRST > can be counted 
good night world ..... today ended up being a good day afterall ! 
doing some science , doing some thinking , doing some tutoring , doing some swimming . 
is going to hunt down some fireworks 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Cain is awesome in all the movies I have seen 
Just got back home from lab ! 11 hours is a new record ! 
Is off to Day 3 of Dipp * Synthesis ! 
Dipp * Synthesis complete ! with record yields and beautiful crystals ! 
is working on his clutch timing ! 
hates moving 
is no longer a homeless bum ! 
can't wait to start life in my new place ! 
NEEDS COFFEEEEEEEE ! 
home made coffee is always the best .... 
some people are just incorrigible 
is slowly getting sick :-( 
Gunna take a 50 miute Organic Synthesis Practice Exam ! No One bother me ! 
rain makes it easy to sleep but hard to wake up 
made the best cream of tuna ever ! :-) yumm 
\Everything fox says is a lie . Even true things once said on fox is a lie . \"" 
is tired of almost blowing up the lab ..... 
time for some synthesis ! 
dreaming of synthesis tonight ! 
DONE ! WITH ! EVERYTHING ! FINALLY ! 
had a good < PROPFEMALE > Trek experience ! 
:-D 
Loves not having school ! I can do what I want ! 
Holidays's have been great so far ! now its time to get back to work ! 
power just came back ! now Christmas can actually begin ! 
14 year olds can be manipulative bastards ! 
gunna do some readying at < PROPMALE>'s 
something about existential phenomenology makes you so at home with yourself and the world around you 
MY PHONE IS ACTING UP ! So I can't call anyone nor send or receive texts . I can however , answer calls . So call and I will answer ! 
