Getting Ready for tonight .. 

Hanging out .. 
Bored .. Work tomorrow . 
Long day ... Sleepy . 
Little things in life make me laugh the hardest . 
Trying not to fall asleep . It's not even 10pm yet . Wtf .. 
Eating sweet and sour chicken . :) 
At Work , not a busy day :/ 
It's too cold outside ! 
Tired .. work tomorrow . :P 
Had a bad day ... Getting Shwasted .. 
:) 
Finally going to sleep even though its almost 4am . 
Watching the snow acting insane outside .. 
Snow .. 
probably going to sleep early tonight , i don't want to sleep half the day away again . 
yawn .. 
At my grams for the Superbowl . :) 
At work , so tired from the weekend . :/ 
Going to get my hair cut .. 
Hit my foot on the steps , now my pinky toe feels like mush and hurts . I feel like i broke it . :/ 
Tired .. 
Doing laundry .. 
I was just on chatroulette , it's discusting !! :S 
Watching the Jersey Shore marathon ! :) 
Watching the olympics , :) 
Working on my < PROPMALE > paper .. ugh . 
oh my god , 2am and can't sleep . :/ 
This is a waste of time , working on my < PROPMALE > Paper .. 
Busted and broke-down : < 
Ready to just say eff it to this whole < PROPMALE > paper !! 
SNOW !!! :) 
pissed !! I Hate You . 
In more of a happy mood now ! :P 
Thankfully I have amazing friends to pull me back up thru anything - < PROPFEMALE > Spyker , your awesome ! ;) 
Facebook is boring me at the moment so i think i'll go outside a stick my head in the snow to celebrate Kwanzaa . 
I want to actually get some sleep tonight so im taking enough Tylenol PM to knock out an elephant .. 
Sleep .. Goodnight :) 
Feel down the stairs , now my ankle is twisted and my leg is bruised . hooray . :/ 
Stayed up all night working my paper :/ 
Stayed up all night working on my paper only to find out school is closed !!! Oh well , i'll sleep now . 
My sleeping habbits are messed up , I have to take two tylenol PM and two Benadrly just to get to sleep . 
Birthday next week , 17 , although I wish I was 15 again :P 
can't sleep again :/ 
Oh , it's my Birthday . What am i getting for a gift ?...... A < PROPMALE > from the insurance for the accident that i got into this morning , hooray . :( 
SAD :( 
Can't wait for the weekend ; Birthday weekend = Partying non stop :) 
Had a good Birthday weekend !! :) 
Just woke up from a weird dream , that seemed so realistic : b 
Just dyed my hair , and I must say I do like it :) 
Got home finally from going up to Cabela's and Bass Pro Shop and ate at The Cracker Barrel : b 
Eating a stromboli , yum :} 
I forgot to wear green today :( 
Ke$ha on American Idol ? 
Ke$ha's performance was cool , too bad she had to change most of the song . : l 
4:00 cannot get here soon enough , work is going so slow today .. 
I want a sheetz iced coffee ! :} 
I guess I should go to bed , work tomorrow : l 
The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet . 
Still up , after 2am . Buying itunes , lol 
Gonna try the sleep thing again . : I 
feeling sick fom all the chinesse food i ate : l 
Sick : l 
< PROPMALE > and I are setting up the PS3 ! :} 
I missed Supernatural , :( 
My cat caught a baby chipmunk . :{ 
Easter yay , tonight it's the club . :} 
having some drinks . praise the lord . :) 
I have sunburn < PROPFEMALE > bad !! 
it feels amazing outside . :) 
Got to spend most of the day outside . :D 
I can feel the heat radiating off me . : l I hate sunburn ! 
At work , appt . at 2 ; getting a shot . ;/ 
PSSA tomorrow then going back to work , : l 
going to bed . long day tomorrow . 
fell out of a tree . : l 
just got home from seeing clash of the titans . it was good . 
I like the rain . 
Watching Team < PROPFEMALE > , and trying to fall asleep . 
watching Avatar . 
Really liking my Imac . :) 
Bed Time . ;} 
lol :) 
wow , after 5 and im still awake ... insomniac ? yeah :\ " , 201 0-0 5-29 09:12:57 " 
sitting outside watching the lightning . 
leaving for Ocean City tomorrow morning . 
those who criticize our generation forget who raised it . 
Should be a good day at work . No sleep and still sick . :| 
Love me or Hate me - I swear it's not going to make me or break me . 
Had a great 18th Birthday ! Thanks again mom for the macbook pro , amazing gift !! ( Wende Glenny ) 
