hello to the Louis-Charles 

check out the game \Color My World\ " by Silver Stitch It's cool " 
< PROPMALE > Gump : Best Movie Ever 
The one whose judgement counts the most is the one staring back in the glass . 
been walking in the rain for 30 < PROPFEMALE > . It's not fun 
a best friend is like a four-leaf clover , hard to find and lucky to have 
I will count my life by smiles , not tears . I will count my age by friends , not years . I won't be with someone I can't live with , I will be with someone I can't live without . 
Is there a way to get credits without having to payor join so group ? 
\Everybody hates Chris \"" 
Hello , welcome to mental health hotline . If you are obsessive compulsive , press 1 repeatedly . If you are Co-dependent , please ask someone to press 2 for you . If you have Multiple personalities , press 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 . If you are Paranoid , we know who you are and what you want . Stay on the line so we can trace your call . If you are Delusional , press 7 , your call will be transfered to the Mothership . 
If you are Schizophrenic , listen carefully , and a small voice will tell you which number to press . If you are Manic Depressive , it doesn't matter which number you press . No one will answer anyway . If you are Dyslexic , press 96969696969696 . If you have a Nervous Disorder , please fidget with the pound number until a representative comes on the line . 
If you have Amnesia , press 8 and state your name , adress , phone # , date of birth , social security # and your mother's and grandmother's maiden names . If you have Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder , slowly and carefully press 911 . If you have Bi-Polar Disorder , please leave a message after the beep . 
Or before the beep . Or after the beep . Please wait for the beep . If you have shor t-t erm memory loss , please try your call again later . If you have low-self esteem , please < PROPFEMALE > up . All our representatives are busy . By the way , that was a joke . 
so hot in hear 
i've really missed the carnivals in Haiti . I hope they can start them again next year . 
I failed to win a Boltz award . I guess the < PROPFEMALE > Point of View wasn't good enough . 
July 11 . Winner Cote D'Ivoire 
Very DISAPPOINTED with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Oh my gosh ! What is up with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > feels satisfied . 
The Black Stars 
I wonder who's rooting for Cote D ' Ivoire tomorrow . 
I wonder how the Brazilian community would react to a loss against North Korea ? 
Switzerland ?... Come on , That's unacceptable 
stupid Artest , Stupid Kobe , Stupid Fisher and stupid Gausol 
USA ! USA ! USA ! 
I just don't want Brazil to win . 
i wonder if brazil losing is an omen for what's to come for the other South American teams . 
africa , the most unlucky continent 
who doesn't love spain ? 
Je commence à me souviendre de mon français . 
I'm tired of not winning . We are better than that . 
Hey anyone in Algebra 2 . Do you remember how to include the symbols like root square on Microsoft word ? 
Sour Patch Kids + 2 Clif Bars + Chocolate Chip Bar + Raisins + Arizona + Jones = Great Breakfast 
Thank you ! Those birthday wishes meant a lot to me . I will not forget you guys . Have a wonderful night ! 
happy thanksgiving 
i just started working on my outline . wish me luck whomever reads this . 
sweet smells . 
Souvent Je pense a vous Madame . 
seducers , they come in deuces . 
doing carts in the blizzard for 3:30 hours sure is not fun . 
in your eyes 
konsa konsa konsa . 
suavemente , besame\ 
que quiero sentir tus labios\ 
besame otra vez 
I don't wanna wait in vain 4 ur love . 
I hate Liverpool 
I've been duped and robbed by the state . I can't believe I allowed that . I hate myself for that . Next time will be different . 
