Love me Dead ... 

Desperately seeking room slash room mate . Can anyone help me out with any leads ? 
Attention everyone : If you have the misfortune of reading this , then I regret to inform you that I've been seriously injured in a car accident . Okay , maybe not , but I did just lose the game .... 
So . Zombieland : Great movie ?...... or the greatest movie ? 
Would you like some failsauce to go with your epic fail ? 
Failing .... the next best thing to succeeding . 
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it , do you still lose the game ? 
Well ...... today was one long ass day , but I'm finally all moved in . Thanks to everybody who helped me out today . Come check me out in my new place ! 
Anyone think they could help me out by escorting me to the airport Friday morning ? I can pay in undying gratitude and awkward silences .... 
Plan A officially scrapped . Good thing I have plan B right ? Airportage at 5:45 in the am ! 
In Toronto ! I'm getting my Canadian on ! 
Back in the 813 .... the place to be ! 
Back from vacation . Cruise was fun , but now I feel like I need a vacation from the previous vacation ... 
Sick ! I'm going to blame Northerners ... why ? Why not ? 
So this is what it's like to be bored on a Saturday night ... 
So there's something about a Super ... Bowl ? On right now ? 
Hmm ... apparently I just got thrown into the new look facebook ... 
Oh my god ! Chat Roulette yes !!!!!!! 
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD , IF ANYONE GOT A MESSAGE FROM ME FROM MY HOTMAIL ACCOUNT , DON'T OPEN IT ! MY ACCOUNT GOT HAXXORED ! 
INTERNET ! Sweet , glorioius , streaming broadband !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Jenn !!!!! How dare you get me sick ?!?! 
In the land of milk and zombies with Jenn Capizzi and Nickee Guedes ! 
Bored and insomniac . errrrrrrr 
Gameworks reopened under new management . Anyone up for going tonight ? Or maybe we should go see Kick Ass instead ? Hit me up ! 
Thought : I don't mind clubs , but I find the music the play either rap or country , and I don't care for either genre . How would the masses feel about a club that featured rock music ? 
Texting is for people with working cell phone screens . I do not . If you wanna get a hold of me , gonna hafta call .... 
Rejoice ! I can read texts again for my screen is repaired ! 
Oh nostalgia . You are a bitch ....... 
Can't find my glasses ... errrr ............. 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs . the World ? Go see it . Go see it now . Then go see it again . 
Who learned how to make doughnut holes today ? This guy ! And they're delicious .... 
wants it with whipped cream on it ! 
Guess who's goin ' to see Kings of < PROPFIRST > by winning concert tickets ? Pfft ... easy . Jenn and me ! 
Envision whirled peas .... 
Sick ........... so sick ................. 
Why on Earth is Thursday so far off ? 
Thursday has now passed !!! 
Oi ! Three weeks til I'm back in Boone . Be prepared North < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Statuses are for people with something to say ... 
Food poisoning .... you are such a massive bitch right now ..... 
In search of roommate(s ) . Anyone got a lead or two ? 
Phone reacquired . My couch is apparently so good at eating phones that it also moves it to the part of the couch you weren't sitting ..... 
Real Eyes Realize Real Lies ...... 
Anyone familiar with laptop power jacks and maybe how to fix them ? Or at least know someone who could fix it at a reasonable price ? 
So much pain ................ 
Longest drive ever ..... at least it's over . 
