I am seriously laughing at the comments/lines guys use and expect females to fall for . Wait , no I am not . I am insulted that guys would expect me to fall for something so foolish . Where do they think I was educated ? Are there ladies really listening to this and believing this ????? I am clueless . 

My old cell is officially shut off . Thank God , I was getting tired of walking around with two cell phones . If anyone wants the # and I haven't given it to them yet , message me . I have been really busy and apologize . I have had a lot of meetings at work and other prior obligations to handle , so the switch has been slow . 
Got back to the City and the Burbs . It didn't take long at all , just travel time . Next tragedy ? My cell has been froze on Facebook since 3Am . Pretty convenient ! Took everything I had not to throw my cell out the window . Who said I couldn't control my temper ? Really , I am like 2 minutes from deleting my FB account , never had probs with myspace ever and prefer that site . So just thinkin .... 
I had a sparking wire outside my bedroom window lastnight from 7pm on . Power was fading in and out . Had about 2 hrs of sleep and when I woke up it was too quiet and dark . The lovely electric company still hadn't been there , the fire dept had , the wire was down ( at the entrance to my building ) , & my head was pounding . Let's just say I had to call into work this morning , the prob still isn't fixed . 
Okay , I Had a serious attitude adjustment . It just took driving down a couple of streets and a certain alley , while listening to some really good music . Past memories flooded my mind . It reminded me of exactly where I am at . That I was the one that made the choice to be right where I am . Nobody else chose this for me , but me . It is a lot easier to deal with things from that aspect ;) 
How come the same people always resurface at the wrong time ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! It is always with the same events , circumstances remain the same , & I am sure the same attachments ! 
Tomorrow is another day with some more great adventures . Pllllleeeeeeaaaaassseeeee don't let it be another one like today ! 
I am really glad that I have some strong people in my life . Their strengths and passion really inspire . Some people go throughout their entire life only existing . Other people are out there in the world getting things done . I admire the passion & the fire that burns alive inside of these achievers . 
Questioning the motives of some people ...... but aren't all decisions based upon character ? They are in my world . 
I guess sometimes alls we can do is take one day at a time . Through the storms of life , as we are trying to figure things out , we find out who we are , and who our true friends are . Some beautiful , faithful , & loyal people have proven themselves lately . I ran into some old friends and really can't stop smiling . I am taking life one step at a time with my head held high , because there is no other way to live . 
Another work day down , two more to go . I am being optimistic about having to work this weekend . At least I work with some great people . If you can't have the day off , ya might as well laugh , right ? 
Monday down , just have Tuesday to go , & I can't wait for Wednesday ! 
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday with their loved ones !!!! 
Had a great time ending 2010 with some of my fav people . Happy 2011 everyone ! Enjoy . 
This weekend is all about right here , right now , and occassionally considering the next 6-9 months . Hmmmm ..... big job , but someone's gotta do it ! 
Had an absolutely wonderful time last night . I should have known that no one was going to let let me just cancel my birthday . My dad finally met my best friend's husband after all these years . The first man my dad has accepted that I have introduced him to happens to be my best friend's husband . That is hilarious . 
Fri night was great & so was Sat night . So the tradition lives on . Celebrating in a way I have never done before . What will the plans be next yr ? Hmmmm ..... that depends on the city I live in ....... that would be something new altogether . 
There must be sunshine outside ............ I caught myself listening to Diamonds & Pearls by < PROPMALE > with my sun roof down ..... lol ! ;) 
Didn't really spend the day the way I wanted . It was too cold to take my nephew to the park in Grand Haven . He didn't seem to mind . He wanted Chuckee Cheese until he saw Starbucks & it was like a light shining from heaven showing him the way . He did manage to swindle some freezer jam from my best friend though . What a ladies man ! 
I think I have been waiting for this weekend all my life ......... sure seems like it anyways . Nine days without a \real\ " day off is way too much . " 
I decided to laugh my way through everything , because at this point it really couldn't hurt ........ And then ...... I get more news , and more info , and these facts are really starting to make me question things ???????? 
I see many changes happening in the following months . Not that there haven't been many already , but many more to come . Excited for some and not so happy about others . I have always dealt well with change ..... just don't tell anybody . 
Survived yet another day at work , whew ! It was a close one . Just in time to go see Dr House . Yup , Skeetown has their very own Dr House . One more crazy day of work & then I have the weekend off . Let the countdown begin ! 
Slept in late today ........ really needed it . Thinking about taking the girls to see the Allegros . The day is open full of possibilities and I feel completely amazing ! ;) 
Enjoying the beautiful sunshine , glistening on the lake . The gentle breeze blowing through the dunes is perfect . Can't wait to get out there again , in this fabulous weather ....... almost didn't check my fb ........ almost ...... 
If anyone is trying to reach me , my cell is not working right . It seriously has it's own personality . Started with internet service , text , contacts , sims card , then my phone started to shut itself on & off . Taking battery & sims out doesn't help ...... If ya need me , ya know where I live ........ everyone else , if I am mia , it is cuz I don't have your # anymore ! 
Hope everyone had a beautiful Easter and found the joy & blessings of family & friends ! 
I really dislike days when I have soooo much to do ! Wait , I ALWAYS have soooo much to do !!!! 
I think I live for the weekends ! 
It amazes me that with all the wildlife we have in this subburban city , that turkeys can hold up a 4 < PROPFIRST > road ! Me ? I am laying on my horn long before I ever slam on the brakes !! So then , the rest of traffic follows me ...... now we are talking rocket science ;) ! 
Considering I wasn't able to take my vacation , I got the next best thing ......... A day off where I could finally go shopping ! Just trying to unwind after an extremely busy day . 
I am sooooooo happy that I finally got my second shift position !!!!! Feels like I have been waiting forever . This is such a breath of fresh air . :) 
Completely excited about having the weekend off . I wonder if I am going to be able to do all I want . Too bad there are only 24 hrs in a day ! 
I don't think we realize how much the past influences who we are , the way we think , or the people that it leads you to . Some people make an impression that lasts a lifetime . True love is loving the person through the flaws right where they are . That love is so powerful that it can literally change a person . 
What a gorgeous day ! Went down by the lake at the old Bronson Park & climbed the stairs a few times . It was so refreshing . 
Let's just say that today was a pretty crazy day ! With all the craziness it didn't turn out too bad though . 
Wondering why some people have to play games & try to manipulate other people in their lives . 
How many more days til I am done with first shift ?????? 1 ! 
Tomorrow starts my life on second shift ......... well really today . Kinda excited . 
I think I just might like 2nd shift ......... hmmmmmm ? 
Thinking as it gets warmer , I need to go outta town & spend quality time with my sister . Road trips ????? Anybody ????? 
Love being on 2nd . Hasn't even been a week & I am already working ot . At this rate , I should be caught up with my bills by ? The time I retire ! Ugh !!! Thank God for movie night . Time to relax & unwind . Did I mention I love 2nd shift ??? ;) 
Gotta luv facebook , spent almost my entire break reading my notifications . Just so important to see who commented on what status ! LOL ..... there r children starving in Africa & < PROPFEMALE > & I am worried about everyone's STATUS !!! Hmmm ..... 
Wanting to know why the night usually ends with me & Guns N Roses ? Usually < PROPFEMALE > or Don't Cry ...... hmmmmmm ? 
Wondering why what you want is usually the worst thing for you ? Playlist now includes 3 Doors Down & Blue October ..... huhggggg !!! 
Can't believe it went from 50 degrees to full blown summer ! 
I love the sunshine & the smell of the flowers , don't get me wrong . My prob is I feel like someone took me from Alaska & threw me in the desert ! 
I kinda swam in Lake Michigan today . It was completely against my will , but the water was warmer than I have ever known it to be this early in the season . 
Everyone please pray for my mamma .......... she is having surgery tomorrow ...... thanx ! 
The surgon said my mom's surgery went well & she is in recovery . So far , so good ........ except the last last time around she didn't have any complications until recovery . We are not in the clear just yet . Thanx all for prayers & concern . 
My mama is home & her hubby has tucked her in for the night . I have never seen the look of fear in my step-dad's eyes the way I did today . Lets see how the night goes considering she hasn't taken any pain pills yet & won't till she can't tolerate the pain . I never call her mama unless I am sick or she is sick . Thanks again for the prayers , concern , & comfort . 
What a busy day ! I just wanted to sleep in & catch up on sleep . However , my employer had different plans for me . :) 
Got some issues resolved & slept considerably better last night . Loving the sunshine & almost ready to take on the world ...... well one coffee cup at a time . A girl knows her limitations ! 
Can somebody tell this weather forecast that this is just not gonna work in my life right now . Winter clothes & fuzzy socks have been put up for about a week . They are patiently waiting for NEXT SEASON . Is there someone I can talk to !??! 
Can't wait for 11 : 15 ! Don't know why I am sooooo impatient tonight , but I am . 
So happy to see Friday ! Especially when I have the weekend off !!! Busy weekend planned ahead . Pretty sure I can handle it . ;) 
Had a pretty good day . Sometimes , somethings just take awhile to get used to . 
To all the Daddys of the world , Happy Father's Day ! 
Busy weekend ..... can't I just relax a little bit ?! 
Work tomorrow ........... let the fun begin ! 
Thanking God for days off & a breath of fresh air ! :) 
You fear the same as every man . You fear testing your faith , because it means testing the Most High . Deep in your heart you fear He will fail . If He fails , you are utterly alone in this life and beyond ; there is nothing you can believe in anymore . 
Looking forward to having a good day off tomorrow . Hmmmmmm ? Just what to do ? 
Sometimes the path we have chosen is just a reaction to another person's decisions 
Please , please don't rain tomorrow ! You can rain ANY other day , just not tomorrow . 
It is so hard to start a Monday when I had such a wonderful weekend ! Got some shopping done . The fun kind . Seriously luv when I find a good sale . Now I am stuck on reality , living in Monday . 
I must have bitten my lip while I was sleeping . I woke up with a fat lip . It looks like I got botox done on half my lip ! 
My cats are eating Rice Krispies . The cereal itself without sugar or milk . I won't even eat cereal . They are such carb junkies ! They also like popcorn & french fries from BK . Their firstlove : fish ; after that carbs . 
Seriously thinking people should be required to take an IQ test b4 they get their driver's lisc ! 
Really enjoyed catching up with friends & my fav birthday girl ! 
Watched Shutter Island & figured it out within 10 < PROPFEMALE > of watching it . Probably would have been a good suspense/thriller if I didn't know the plot . It kinda re < PROPFEMALE > ded me of that movie with < PROPMALE > Hanks & the volleyball ... the one he kept talking to the entire movie ...... oh yeah , Cast Away . Go figure , now that was GREAT dialogue ! ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > HAD to wake up Ewok . Now the whole house is up & I have only had 2hrs sleep . UGGGHHH ! 
Been waiting for Friday all week long . Fridays are always better when it is your day off ! 
What a beautiful night . Enjoying the wind & even saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Just got back from Michigan's Adventure ......... had a great time & am completely exhausted . 
Couldn't sleep this morn , so I went shopping . Bought the girls their \surfer girls\ " backpacks . They r pretty excited . Now I am at work counting down the hrs . " 
Ewok is already up & in ATTACK mode . Thinking someone slipped her some Mountain Dew when I wasn't looking . Could just be revenge for me clipping those killer claws . Wondering if I will get any peace before I go to work . 
Thinking there is not enough coffee in the world to pry open these eyes ! 
Had a really good day off today . Spent some quality time with my Gramma . < PROPFIRST > & I tried to catch the sunset , but it just didn't happen . Everytime we try to catch the sunrise or sunset , it doesn't work out . I am never late for anything ...... just can't seem to catch the sun ! 
Just found out that my sister's mom passed away . My sister , her other sisters , & my beautiful niece are going to need extra prayers . She was a strong women that never lost her humor battling multiple chronic diseases . I admire her dedication & love for her family . She was very sweet & courageous . There were not many souls like her & she will be greatly missed . 
Soooo happy to see September ! Sept is my fav month . Temps start to cool off , but the lake is warm enough to swim in . There is a soft breeze & color starts to paint the landscape . You are caught between two worlds ; summer with a little splash of color . 
Hates paying bills . Thinks the utility company should give me a discount for good behavior while standing in SUCH a LONG line ! 
Had a pretty good night . Going to try to catch up on the book I am reading . The more I read it , the more it reminds me off LOST . Never thought anything could jump around more than LOST ............ well I think I've found it . 
Woke up to find Ewok had run off with my watch- again . Searched the entire apt b4 my first cup of coffee . Now that is ruff . Trying to get the day back on track listening to Daughtry & getting ready . 
Visiting at my mom's & my step-dad is listening to DISCO ! Wondering where the disco ball is & about ready to do some disco moves !!! LOL ........ Wait , I think I forgot my bellbottoms at home ! He is hilarious ; I love that man . 
Always said the problem with Michigan is it's too hot in the summer & too cold in the winter . Thinking I need to rethink that quote . It's not even fall & I am pretty sure I have icicles already !!! BRRR ! 
I am a simple kind of a girl . I don't need the world , just the ones I love in it . 
God has His plans for a reason . I am soooo glad He has intervened in my life ! 
With the breeze blowing it was gorgeous outside ....... then it had to ...... RAIN ? Where is the irony here ?? I guess there won't be a sunset tonight . 
I don't want September to end . It has been such a good month . Reminds me why Sept is my fav month . Can Oct even compare or compete ? 
First day on the lockdown unit . Buh-bye < PROPFEMALE > , I will miss you . Hmmmmm , still deciding if I like it . At least it is something new for a quick moment . 
Got 2morrow off ...... hmmmmm ........ now thinking about what I wanna do . 
I guess I am going to become better acquainted with my elliptic trainer . I wanna lose 30lbs by < PROPFIRST > 1 . I have only lost 30 lbs in the last 11 months . Which took way too long . Need to step my game up a bit & make up for lost time . 
Who needs ambien ? The last 2 days I have worked out so hard that by the time I go to sleep , I am knocked out for the count . I never sleep that hard ! lol 
Just have Friday to work & the weekend belongs to me ! Can't wait . 
My mom asked my nephew what he wanted for dinner . His reply : \Starbucks doughnuts . \ " Of coarse she yelled at me because it is my fault he is a starbucks junkie . ;) " 
You know that you have had a good weekend when you are still recovering on Tuesday . Maybe God invented work days for rejuvenation ?! :) 
I believe in fairytales . Real life fairytales are sooo much better than the imagined . I believe in happily ever after because I am proof it does exist . 
Serious dislikes : being cold . Gotta love Michigan weather . How many layers do you really need ??? Hmmmmm ! 
Wishing I was at home enjoying some games & hiking . Instead , work owns me for the next 4 hrs . I really don't think it is fair that healthcare employees have to work weekends .... no I am not WHINING ....... promise ! ;) 
Can't wait for the weekend . Yup , counting down already ! 
Frusterated because the gym didn't have to offer what I wanted . Yup , I wanted a specific something . Next step : Tae Kwon Do . Please have what I want ! :) 
Guess you never really know how late you stayed up ..... until you wake up the next morning . 
Don't know what I dreamed last night , but it must have been good . Woke up on cloud 9 & my migraine is gone . 
< PROPFIRST > took me to Lotus Garden in Grandville . I think I have found my fav Asian Restaurant in West MI . Also saw the movie Red . What a great day ! Schedule for tomorrow : back to work . Hoping that my good Friday gets me thru the weekend . :) 
Did I ever mention how much I hate squats & lunges ??! UGH .... 
It was absolutely beautiful outside ........... until the neighbors powerline started sparking ! 
Had a wonderful day off yesterday . Hurry up & get me through this week so I can have my weekend ! :) 
I am FREEZING . Wow , this gives cold a new definition ! 
It is only Tuesday & has been such a busy week already . The rest of the week doesn't slow down either . Had to get up really early just to make sure I could vote . Hope the coffee gets me thru the mandatory meeting ! 
It's snowing ???! 
Locked my keys in my suv ........ patiently waiting for my stepdad to get BACK into town so I can get back in my apt ........ fun ! 
Home sweet home . Never been so happy to be home ! 
What a beautiful day ! 
I am one of those people that doesn't believe in decorating for Christmas until Turkey Day . So what am I doing putting up Christmas decorations at work that say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ??? 
Wondering why Ewok ( my cat ) has a fleece fetish ??? 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I will be at work , but am thankful I have Christmas & New Year's < PROPFEMALE > off !! :) 
Since my cell won't stop vibrating ....... I think that is my cue to start the coffee pot . Can't Starbucks just deliver ???! Three hrs of sleep ? Starbucks better deliver ! 
< PROPFIRST > took me to see the < PROPFEMALE > Di exhibit & then to get some seafood in GR . It quickly became my fav restaurant . I love days like this . Especially days that we BOTH have off from work . That hardly ever happens . 
< PROPFIRST > & I will be spending < PROPFIRST > tmas weekend in Detroit ...... soooo excited ! :) 
Kinda funny ...... who you run into & where . 
Pretty optimistic about today . Guess ya have to be with the weekend right there ! 
Wondering why my dvd player always switches itself to Spanish ?? Hmmmm ..... seems like my electronics are always harassing me ! Can't they play nice ?! 
It has been a busy day already & it is just getting started ..... 
I can't wait for Christmas ! I haven't been this excited about Christmas since ...... ummm ...... I was a kid . 
Getting things ready for my trip to Detroit . Wondering if sleep is on the agenda ....... hmmmm ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone & Happy Birthday baby Jesus ! 
After an amazing weekend , I am transitioning back into the regular routine . Did I ever mention that I have such a wonderful family ? 
Because of the negative hype of New Years Resolutions , I made a \New Years Agenda\ " . Already not liking the list & then I HAVE to be so legalistic .... uggghhh ! Maybe next yr I'll do an easy one like not whining ? " 
If there is one thing I have learned : Let God be your arbitrator . I am not afraid to say what needs to be said .... I just have a way of making a person angry while doing it . God has a tendency to change a man's heart . God's method has more desirable results . 
Sometimes a sister knows you better than you know yourself ...... ok so maybe she knows your heart & can read between everything . She knows what you really meant to say when words fail you . 
Watched Takers last night & it was good ..... anything with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! :) 
Hmmm ..... seriously thought I had heard it all & then ...... REALLY ?!?! 
Today is the day that my cat decided to sneak out . I didn't know she was even out until 3 minutes later I heard her howling at the door . I feel like such a bad mom ! 
Maybe having a meeting after work isn't such a bad idea ...... hoping the roads will be a little more clearer . 
Heading north on 31 & traffic has ...... stopped ! UGGHHHH !!! 
I need an exit NOW !!!! 
Really dislikes when people say things in a fit of anger . You may not be angry anymore , but your words have been spoken . Some things you can't take back & I can't forget . 
