there is nothing better than beening with friends 

the graduation is going to be off the chain !!!!! 
I knew I will made it n I DID !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It is stressful 2 find a job in this town 
I am at a calm mind about my situation about jobs . I still enjoying life . 
It is so d *** HOT down here 
Me n my cousin < PROPFEMALE > B-Day is coming in 5 more days !!! YA US 
Happy B-Day to ME & my cousin < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I GOING 2 CHICAGO I know I will have fun with my family 
I am in Chi-Town enjoying time with family 
I am back from Chicago . I really had a Great time with my family . Will do it again real soon . 
It is a good life 4 me I be gone to chicago 4ever as soon my grandma get her a place 
Wish me luck on the ACT Everyone 
As soon I finish the Act I going to a school in chicago . I just tired if staying down here all my life 
I on fire on mafia wars !! Any body wants to join me ? 
Well I been single for 4 months now . But I glad cause I don't need a woman to tell I handsome because I know God got me a true love when I ready 
I AM SO BORED !!! there nonthing 2 do ! 
planning on spending chrismas with my uncle , auntie , and cousins . other then my mom and brother they all I care about down here 
It chrismas i still ok i never gotten anything but its ok because chrismas is more about given than receiving . I just glad that i got family 2 love . 
man I almost went 2 chicago 2 stay 4ever but I feel like there something I need 2 do before I go but I gone in the spring or summer so my days down here are numbered . ( sigh ) I sure I will miss my family and friends down here but I see nothing down here 4 me . 
WOO HOO finally I got another phone ! I so happy that my dad send me one now I can be contact if needed :) 
Just chilling in my room on my new chicago bears blanket that i got 2day man it is still boring . Maybe i should go 2 bed early ... Not . 
I know people may know this but i do have a myspace too . 
Just got up feel great . Time 2 start a new day . 
I feeling emotionally drain 2day don't know why . I really feeling down . :( 
Looks like nobody do myspace.com no more lol . 
I in church now recieving the word of god . But i don't know it may snow or have ice rain 2day maybe i should go home afterwards . 
Seriously who use the \poke\ " on facebook what that really do ? " 
Every mourning since sunday i wake up read my daily bread and a little from my bible . I showing were my fate lays . I feel real good about myself afterwards . 
Man I never doing a favor 4 my brother's friend again b****h rip me off n brother took up 4 him its alright my bro know he will need me 2 do him a favor because I the only one got a ID . He will be pissed 2 find out I will not do him a favor anymore . ha 
Live life 2 the fullest ! 4get the haters :D 
Going 2 sleep now so tired ... Zzz . 
... ( sigh ) :( 
( yawn ) waking up see its raining . Man I hate when it raining can't go out to much now . I wonder how my sisters doing haven't heard from them in a while ... Anyway time 4 writing in my info . book 4 my story . :) 
Man it is a blackout can't c nothing outside . And momma is scared lol . I never scared of tha dark . Been born with my eyes closed so y people get so scared of the dark . 
I hate when people ask me where I going when they ask out of curious . 
Hey everyone do this look like a face 2 ya'll . (^o^) comment me if it does . 
Not feelin myself anymore :( I feel ... 
( yawn ) good night everybody see u 2morrow ... zzz . 
I been in a lot of relationships in my life n been the best man I can 2 these females . I don't cheat on them , I try my best not 2 lie 2 them . I give up if u females what a man that do all these things then fine ! 4 now on I live 4 me . I am tired having my heart shattered . Now I think about it THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS TRUE LOVE . I know I will not change my mine on it so there . 
I WISH I HAD A LABTOP AHHH ! All my friends have one why my family is so poor :( but I still love them . 
( sigh ) I can only be on my favorite game online on facebook/myspace 4 one hour . Man that sucks :( I need 2 get a labtop quick . 
I got a way on mafia wars . If u < PROPMALE > or attack me u get iced by me . If u help me I help u if I can . If I lose against u u bet we will go 2 war and I will win but if I lose ...... shoot I only lose one war I have someone else 2 take care of u . 
man I feel uneased at something like someone was following me 2 the library . 
( yawn ) man it's boring down here . 
