five mintues lets get this decade started i want to see what happens 

bringin in the new year with luda 
pimpin all over the world 
Transformers was good would have been great but this one scene ...... 
B.O.C. Rocks plan and simple \don't fear the reaper \"" 
first few hours of poker and i'm in fourth place come on guys 
B-Day tomorrow in cali ya goin to the beach 
Hey did anyone have Mr. Higgins for spanish one last year 
Camping was fun 
where would we be without pandora 
She eyes me like a pisces when I am weak I've been locked inside your Heart Shaped box , for weeks I've been drawn into your magnet tar pit trap 
forget green day theres a UFC marathon on spike T.V. 
< PROPFEMALE > hand grenade won on a guillotine very nice 
< PROPFIRST > lytle won against < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > in a judges desicion 
forget y'all who went to green day 
Paint the mirrors black to forget you I still picture your face and the way you used to taste Roses in a glass , dead and wilted To you this all was nothing , everything to you is nothing 
Ok so i'm just starting it and i re3alized the western civ paper is easy in theory 
can you get high off of laughter 
Wierd youtube vids from mrs. karp needs an lotr vid 
mass dress tomorrow fun 
Game tonight whos going 
i want to go to the fall frenzy on september 19 but i have one problem 
going to see district 9 then game see u all there 
hmmmmmm 
The element of oness with self 
Neon lights , a nobel prize The mirror speaks , the reflection lies You don’t have to follow me Only you can set me free I sell the things you need to be I’m the smiling face on your t.v. I’m the cult of personality I exploit you still you love me 
i wonder if we took metal serously and burned it all down what would the world look like and what would humainty do 
if we can't define life then y do we try to define everything in it 
Deepness in meaning is not only for the wise just those looking at the meaning with the correct < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > H.W. time y 
Internet gone at house chilling at paradise bakery at the bilt to bad i'm leaving 
Dude if everyone ditched on a random tuesday what would bopp do 
I just realized that the movie i love you < PROPFEMALE > cooper was roughly based off the movie can't hardly wait i think 
Is it just me or are a ton of ppl stuck at home 
Love watching the lightning especial when its so close you can feel it in your chest 
thinking about going to see gamer just got home from prescott 
Viking quest about to tear it up 
i forgot how big the battles get in empire earth 
Well I'm terrified of these four walls These iron bars can't hold my soul in All I need is you 
tomorrow should be fun nickelback concert 
Nickleback , Hinder , Papa Roach , and Saving < PROPMALE > tonight jobbing.com arena should be fun 
Papa roach dropping like 20 f bombs hinder 15 and nickleback throwing a few in on top of dudes getting higher next to me a drunk chick clawing me a women the size of a man being escorted forcefully out on top of last resort highway to hell and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > songs and almost lost my voice though i tried all in all a great night 
I think you can do much better than me After all the lies that I made you believe Guilt kicks in and I start to see 
Just remembered y Staind is soooooo Awsome 
I can forgive and I'm not ashamed to be the person that I am today 
Mosh pit fail 
Your words help me to see A little honesty In a world that doesn't share And your eyes Tell the story of your pain Severity of your disdain In a world that doesn't care 
Rally sucked , game was good , girls were fun to talk to and FNL rocked all around pretty sweet night 
If i could write a song i wish i could write one like here without you by three doors down 
Ok who else thinks kleins project is an attempt to drive us insane 
Y is everyone sick all of a sudden 
If so many people keep getting sick will school get cancelled 
Anybody have < PROPFIRST > i need help with the hw due tonight 
Please stand up please stand up , guess theres a slim shady in all of us lets all stand up 
Everyone at home find a t.V. and watch cox channel 7 or watch it online 
CC is now entered Kayne West jackass status 
Driving on highways was fun today 
Powderpuff tonight is going to be fun 
just got the new five finger death punch album war is the answer 
okay so I bought some grape nuts and if i waited to eat them until the week before they go bad i would be 28 years old 12 whole years thats what i call a life span for food 
so i went golfing 
So i'm hoping for tons of techno dancing tonight 
Wished he had listened to < PROPFIRST > Blow a long time ago not just remakes of his songs 
so i heard a girl say that she thought that the WNBA was more exciting then the NBA i have two words to say to that SLAM DUNK 
So whos going to go see zombieland tomorrow after school 
SCA's homecoming was fun though im a little tired now 
Hey what was the < PROPFEMALE > number for j < PROPFIRST > homework 
My family has reason to believe my dog can talk 
Casino night tomorrow night can anyone say no limit texas hold'em 
Casino night awesome killed the blackjack table but sad not a great night overall :( 
Here without you is the saddest song of all time the only problem with it though is its so good 
bear moose deer < PROPMALE > norrisjust the basic ingredients for one hell of a weekend 
U.C.L.A. jerk kings are nasty 
hey does anyone know the distance formula 
ok y do girls have to yell your name when they txt you or chat with you on FB 
\Seven days what Seven days damn it why did i give the ring my phone number\ " - < PROPFIRST > Hardwick " 
hey does anyone think the storm is like the one we had that flooded xcp and cut the power to bcp last year 
Tomorrow possibly the jv football game then friday big day 
paranormal activity yea fun 
So i got it 
So japanese pears are kinda cool 
I find it weird that you can be friends on FB but then not talk to the person in real life 
Mariachi music helps me do hw mainly karp hw 
Tryouts hard but fun 
All i ever want was to see you smiling 
Almost forgot sorry its no shave november guys so yea get Bopp mad and dont shave 
Brophy took off the Firewall hell yea 
Made JV let the season begin 
< PROPMALE > Miller Band once said Airplanes make strangers of us all i wish to change this to Facebook makes strangers of us all 
i love onion news 
I kill gypsie for target practice zis very nice big boom 
i love EGG NOG 
Just won a 40 < PROPFEMALE > TvZ in sc kinda tired crazy 
Scar tissue that I wish you saw Sarcastic mister know it all Close your eyes and I'll kiss you ' cause With the birds I'll share With the birds I'll share This lonely view With the birds I'll share This lonely view 
In mother russia i kill zis monster called zombie all day 
This is < PROPFIRST > Barrientes , i have hijacked < PROPMALE > wrights facebook . If you want it back , i demand 3 2 liters of beer of root and a PS3 controller . ( doritos if you want it back alive ) 
I got my fb back guys its cool 
so im beginning to think it sucks being friends with old friends that u will never see again 
Body language and Party in the USA are songs that just wont leave your head 
I have reason to believe that social interview askes the weirdest questions on purpose 
Does anyone know the name of the artist for the song sweat 
Cowboys from hell opening guitar = <3 
Just got a video game dedicated to one thing nazi zombies no its not call of duty its something else gonna find out if its sweet tonight 
So im thinking Coachs need to find a new time to practice the morning is way to early for me 
hey can any give me a ride from the game to FNL 
y must i have practice Friday coach 
I have an idea for a band im thinking a death metal band called Mr. Sparkles and i will play Gong , bass gong and cowbell i will also pull vocals i just need a drummer , guitarist , and a bass guitarist hopefully spelled that all correctly 
\Your voice sounds like God\ " I love doing the whole voice over thing around random people " 
Bad company song of the day 
just saw a little 5 year old hilbilly with a mullet pretty normal till i heard him rattle off in spanish like he was born in mexico 
Ninja assassin at 8 with < PROPFIRST > should be amazing 
ok did anyone else have there laptop like reimage its self 
singing in mrs. karps class equals great fun 
just watched a guy play cowboys from hell on a ukulele so pawn 
If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me And just forget the world 
Los < PROPMALE > de la Torta was amazing best place for hispanic food in Arizona hands down 
so if the world is going crazy in 2012 and jesus was born in 3 B.C. what year should it be 
lost by one point to < PROPFIRST > 
goodnight to cook and burn 
i hate all the gourps about 50 things guys wish girls knew or 50 things girls wish guys knew if you want someone mainly a bf/gf to know just fucking tell them use your words it woorks trust me 
Soft spoken with a broken jaw Step outside but not to brawl Autumn's sweet we call it fall I'll make it to the < PROPFEMALE > if I have to crawl and With the birds I'll share This lonely view ... 
? u ?? ???? ? o ? s ?? u ?? o ? ? q ??? o pu ? o ? ?? s ?????? ? o ?? o ? o ? 
thr trutle from Dragon ball z was the best character ever 
Just saw avatar pretty interesting also watched like 15 public school kids get kicked out of a movie theater 
What to do today 
wants to go to the zoo 
Enjoys making intensly loud noises when alon in an empty house 
just listened to Korns 10 or a 2 way and has one question 
why is there a small man dressed in green clothes on my computer o wait thats WoW nevermind 
has nothing to do today 
goin to desert ridge anyone want to join me 
finds it funny that people friend request you but you know they wont talk to you 
new years resolution = something to do with school , basketball or girls not sure which of those three yet 
house was broken into i was going to bed when the guy entered almost grabbed longboard and attacked instead froze now i feel bad mom lost macbook :( 
if had i would put myself right besides you so let me ask you would like that 
i have an MP3 player again goodbye listening to people in the hall ways 
Mr. Crowley , what went down in your head Mr. Crowley , did you talk to the dead Your lifestyle to me seems so tragic With the thrill of it all You fooled all the people with magic You waited on < PROPFEMALE>'s call 
Zune HD 
Suns game then paintballing tomorrow we need more ozzy 
Ok so basically i love the Zune 
' Cause I got friends in low places , Where the Whiskey drowns , And the Beer chases my blues away , But I'll be okay , Now I'm not big on social graces , Think I'll slip on down to the oasis , Oh I got friends , In low places . 
hey justwondering but if anyone wants to go paintballing on wensday get me your number if we have enough peple say 5 or more then i will tell y'all when and what time also how much riight now we have two possibly three so 
Dethklok rocks my headphones like an epic battle between Mew and Mew 2 or Goku and Vegeta 
just watched a dude microwave a gamecube and ps2 pretty intense 
Baby this a new age , you like my new craze Let's get together maybe we can start a new phase The smokes got the club all hazy , spotlights don't do you justice baby Why don't you come over here , you got me saying 
im going to go make hot apple cider just thought fb would want to know 
Anybody doing anything awsome tonight 
< PROPFIRST > . 15 AMA supercross at < PROPMALE > flied fuck yeah 
Thank you 98 KUPD for giving a musical background to my life 
Tron : Legacy = New Favorite Movie 
who already had gospels in action 
found out that the athletic trainer at brophy the guy grew up in the town next to where the jersey shore people live and he knows all of them 
why is there like three differnt facebook games that have to do with farming 
who cares about galileo 
Good game good job alabama wish texas would have won but things happen though < PROPMALE > showed that he will be ready next season 
ok so my dog just got off the chair and wimpered in pain when my mom asked whats wrong the sound it made sounded like mom cant what for her to say < PROPMALE > 
learned that karp actually gets mad about shit 
put the lime in the coconut 
who wants gallaghers number to be posted on facebook 
Someday you'll find me standing in your path Somewhere deep in the background of some photograph And you'll see your name scrawled across the overpass Someday you'll find me standing in your path 
Black hole sun wont you come 
anybody taking some weird study skills class tomorrow around 1 
Paintballing later with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , Shep and < PROPFIRST > plus who ever else wants to meet us at Tempe paintball 
Book of < PROPMALE > is a great movie 
i have been hooked on listening to pulse of the maggots is that a bad thing 
home alone loud music is needed 
wants to buy a stairway to heaven 
BTW erbody i heard bcp might have a C schedule tomorrow is this true 
thinks there should be a fan thing for having arguments with yourself 
as a small band by the name of pantera once said RESPECT ROCK 
so i heard that all the rain reports are going to be crazy like 5 inches in three days with 50 mile hour wind gust that wont stop so um yeah hoopcoming will be interesting 
< PROPFIRST > Sweeny : Watch your language , < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > Shields : My language is English and this mother fucker tried to grab my junk . 
best yet freakiest supernatural yet 
guys and gals i need ideas for music on my zune 
does anyone ever consider the fact that when you friend someone on facebook they might just actually talk to you on facebook 
how do you make incoherent sounds using letters 
i swear i never meant to let it die 
does anyone have a graphing/scientific calculator i can borrow tomorrow 
She seemed dressed in all of meStretched across my shame , All the torment and the painLeaked through and covered me . I'd do anything to have her to myself , Just to have her for myself . Now I don't know what to do , I don't know what to doWhen she makes me sad . 
the jersey shore reunion that shit hurt to watch 
back in the U.S.S.R. 
psychosocial 
life's simple you make choices and don't look back 
Akon freedom album all day 
hi im < PROPMALE > and i talk to people because you requested to be my friend on fb not because we talk in person 
kinda bored today anybody want to chill 
thats funny 
house music boosts my cube field score by 100,000 points everytime 
removing friends on fb takes so long 
i want to watch a knights tale 
Jesus we need to stomp tomorrow 
this is my last serenade 
been hooked on Hendrix all day so ' cuse me while i kiss the sky 
Sports illustrated loves bikinis 
just learned the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > legend and its hard not to believe 
< PROPMALE > soccer hope you win state 
Anime making it ok for girls to have pink hair 
does anyone know if xcp won state 
does anyone know when the naruto movies come into the show 
three doors down landing in london 
is bored and needs something to do today 
Going to basketball playoff game tonight hope to see people there 
Get to drive to school tomorrow 
I like you so much that just thinking about you makes my heart beat at a dangerously high rate that endangers my life . 
Big Red 
i hear that train a comin ' 
She is everything to me , The unrequited dream , The song that no one sings , The unattainable . She's a myth that I have to believe in 
i still press your letters to my lips 
Just chillin call me if you need someone to talk to 
Ok People of Facebook i have a question for yall would girl scout cookies be bought more if they where in stores like Safeway and Walmart 
Flyleaf + forever the sickest kids its been an interesting night 
Goal today find fast and the furious Tokyo Drift and watch 
i wanted you to stay cause i need to hear you say ... 
I wear the black for the poor and the beaten down , Livin ' in the hopeless , hungry side of town , I wear it for the prisoner who has long paid for his crime , But is there because he's a victim of the times . 
walked into a hot topic to check out the CD's and heard anarbor playing 
Fuck damnation , man ! Fuck redemption ! We are God's unwanted children ? So be it ! 
This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time . 
if < PROPFIRST > Durden followed you around would you be pissed 
Home alone till 2 hell yeah im going to play loud music 
the song that no one sings 
Am I crazy 
hows it feel to be a heretic 
so happy i get to use pulse in school 
< PROPFIRST > wright = god of sarcasm 
how do you unblock the games on your computer gurs 
who should i do for the poet project 
if you really cared then why did we stop talking 
Where not < PROPMALE > and proud of it- Mr. Glosser 
Awsome dance 
fist pumpin like champs 
Come on DUKE 
Late start sweet 
raise your eyes so you can see the shooting stars up in the night sky 
who knows how to do video production stuff like mix three videos into one 
hey does anyone know if varsity baseball won 
High school nationals on t.v. so much better than any school here 
what to do ........... 
will her smile fade in a flood of tears or can i keep her fears at bay 
eating sushi and watching anime i think they have something in common 
im thinking < PROPMALE > needs to add a class that all girls must take before graduation and it involves how to make the most epic sammich ever 
just got from prescott epic airsoft wars and conversations 
put the lime in the coconut and shake it all up 
Everybody Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots 
We are We are the youth of the nation we are we are the youth of the nation 
Epic adventure to < PROPMALE>'s involving dirt roads fish tailing at 90 and asking horses for directions 
So how does it feel to know that someones kid in the heart of < PROPFEMALE > Has blood on their hands , fighting to defend your rights So you can maintain the lifestyle that insults his family's existence Well , where I'm from we have a special salute we aim high in the air Towards all those pompous assholes who spend their days pointing fingers 
Everyone is getting hacked right now 
I don't belong here , we got to move on dear 
typing livin la < PROPFEMALE > loca into Pandora brings up something interesting music 
i wonder what heavens metal bands look like 
< PROPMALE > received OLD < PROPMALE > 
i want to be the very best . Like no one ever was . To catch them is my real test to train them is my cause . 
Wrestling at the father son retreat pretty fun till < PROPFIRST > chokes you 
Just discovered Japanese Techno 
Cant wait for UFest at noon 
Ufest was awsome 
any real good Kung Fu movies 
its roughly 90 went swimming and had a capri sun yeah summers is a comin 
Blind boys don't lie 
Found out today i am part Mexican 
Tap on my window knock on my door I want to make you feel beautiful 
No ceilings is a great album 
NAI NAI NAI NAI 
Rascal Flatts once said life is a highway if thats true then my highway ends where ours begins . 
Gypsy's have invaded the music industry now we are fucked 
Does anyone know if you need to put MLA citations after each poem in the appendix for Karp 
Blame it all on my roots , i showed up in boots and ruined your black tie affair 
R.I.P. the D.I.O. 
Rainbow in the Dark 
In < PROPFEMALE > we return , our destination's end , \ 
We slayed the dragon \ 
No more living in fear it's time to raise our < PROPMALE > , \ 
We made it happen , we're the chosen ones 
Swimming pool = Gods gift to phoenix 
Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost\ 
It's empty and cold without you here , too many people to ache over 
One more day one more hour and one more test till the partying begins bring it 
Rave last night was insane 
CANADA 
no electronics for a week should be interesting 
Is in Canada right now what up 
Home from someplace called Canada i think ? 
Until the day i die ill spill my heart for you 
Linkin Park to release new album fall 2010 lets see if they go back to the roots or continue there new path 
some people call me the space cowboy 
Eyes set to kill = new fav band 
hmmmm .... 
swimming sounds like a good idea 
This is the story of a girl 
found out mentally disabled kids really like me tonight 
God is a D.J. 
I have been hacked by a Flying Mexican 
.... and nothing else matters 
fall asleep at midnight wake up at 8 thats recommended sleep right there Burn the witch 
drift away 
um .... Scrambles .... Scrambles the Death Dealer 
your better than the rest , I'm lucky just to linger in your light 
< PROPMALE > hex was sick 
Start shooting with film tomorrow should be sick 
I know have every Iron Maiden CD ever made in digital format 
\\m/ burn the witch \\m/ 
i woke up with a .... clowns hand .. in my pants .. thats thats what i did today -murderface 
The fact that you can change Facebook to leet speak i find very funny 
Watching Deadmau5 live talking about his music while getting a new tattoo 
Germany just killed England 4-1 worst loss for England in the world cup ever 
the thunder rolls and the lighting strikes 
pie sweet tea and country music i feel cliched 
Chicken Fried cold beer on a Friday night 
Makin sweet tea 
Wonder if you know how they live in Tokyo 
Arguing online is like the special Olympics even if you win your still a retard 
She's my kind of rain\ 
Like love in a drunken sky\ 
She's confetti falling\ 
Down all night 
Sex , Drugs and Magic make for amazing explosions 
Ok so avatar the last airbender sucks and twilight 3 is pretty good wtf 
Gotta enjoy the little things 
Afro Samurai = beast 
Predators was a sick movie best in the series 
just saw an fb app mo money then i thought of kolp and canada 
du ... du hast 
makin people feel short since 1993 
Gladiator almost gets me ever time 
add vs being eccentric one hell of a mind game 
______________¶___\ 
| The Love Truck ||l \\"|\"\" \\__ 
ITS A TRAP !! 
teriyaki rice has been created 
attempting to eat a watermelon is very hard 
Fact of the day babies make great heroin mules 
partying with ones self leads to interesting ideas 
I woke up today in London\ 
As the plane was touching down\ 
All I could think about was Monday\ 
Maybe I’d be back around 
< PROPFIRST > by Eminem 
just found out that a new < PROPFIRST > and kumar movie is coming out 
its my b-day and yes i am going to play large of amounts of < PROPFEMALE > wars battlefront 
If you have a brain , you're a nerd . \ 
If you think differently , then you're insane . \ 
If you don't fall in line with the conformity , you're a freak . \ 
If you don't conform to the world's shaky ? morality , then you're evil . youtube comments ftw 
A puppy in halo 3 ?? 
Midnight release with < PROPFIRST > Langenbach 
Peace is a lie , there is only passion . \ 
Through passion , I gain strength . \ 
Through strength , I gain power . \ 
Through power , I gain victory . \ 
Through victory , my chains are broken . 
Def gonna make a rave toilet and put it to some sick techno 
Fast and the furious tokyo drift not good for driving 
Where'd you go 
runs like a cheetah hits like a super pissed off rhino ah commercials 
RAWT 
damn Canadians got me watchin skins 
just doin the brass monkey 
so why did someone decide to make < PROPMALE > year hard ?? 
< PROPFIRST > Sinatra is the start to one really classy night 
Vocal Eternity ftw 
Pandora just told me DJ Tiësto has 6 hour long live shows 
< PROPFEMALE > Duff just got married my childhood dreams have been smashed 
My family loves techno this is awesome 
Can't wait for friday 
Techno Tuesday tomorrow i think yes 
I need an intramural team to be on 
To understand the mind one must first lose it 
10 < PROPFEMALE > vu's at school alone in the last month ?? 
When it all ends it just seems to be the same as when it started 
I feel like you dont want me around , I guess ill pack my things , I guess ill see you around 
Looks like T.I. backs 
B B BRO P P PHY BRO PHY BROPHY BROPHY BROPHY lets get it 
So i feel like redoing the lyrics for what its like by everlast 
Paintball was hella fun though the huge welt on my neck is not fun 
I think im going to lose texting so if you wanna contact me call me i will be posting this again in the morning 
I think im going to lose texting so if you wanna contact me call me 
Sunday Funday see yall there 
Ok so now im pink but Sunday funday was chill 
viking battle for asgard just constant stream of badassery 
arizona has decided to vote on medical marijuana as of novemeber of this year 
25/25 on hooten test lets go 
goin to prescott friday cant go to the gaame :( 
OK , first off : a lion , swimming in the ocean . Lions don't like water . If you placed it near a river or some sort of fresh water source , that make sense . But you find yourself in the ocean , 20 foot wave , I'm assuming off the coast of South Africa , coming up against a full grown 800 pound tuna with his 20 or 30 friends , you lose that battle , you lose that battle 9 times out of 10 . 
i sometimes feel like just taking off and never looking back but then i have these anchors holding me down and it stops me in my tracks 
i wanna go on adventurous adventures 
after being fed i walked into west elm with my parents all of a sudden i felt like i was in the opening scenes of fight club and i began to look at the movie on a deeper level its such a mind fuck 
anyone have an xbox 360 controller i can buy from them 
\Well i stand up next to a mountain and chop it down with the edge of my hand\ " -Jimi " 
No one but me can save myself 
back in the phx and its still fucking hot great 
an where back to the anime its like a gaint fricken circle some times 
BCPRFC baby lets get this goin 
a well utilized second can yield far more than ten wasted years 
Im not sober all the time\ 
You bring me down at least you try\ 
Until we see this eye to eye\ 
I dont want you 
well this is not a great start for a weekend 
97.9 is the shit 
phones not wroking if you wanna talk try fb or find me on skype 
got on psn for the first time yesterday that killed a night 
I let those hard days get me down\ 
and all the things I hate got in my way\ 
I could've screamed without a sound\ 
I found myself silenced by those things they say 
every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorn , here without you , and fade to black has been my soundtrack today 
theres this lady called DGAF shes a great lady at first fine as hell very attractive but she can also be a bit of a black widow right after you do her she will completly screw you over in ways you never realized a women could 
hmm not going to the dance and bored as hell uhhhh what to do is a very difficult question 
I'd rather you hate me\ 
For everything I am\ 
Than have you love me\ 
For something that I can't 
i some days wish we could just lie down under the stars and forget where we are 
If things keep up i will be at public school by the end of the semester 
why do girls have a hard time being single 
Rammstein should be ? a subject in schools ... youtube comments gotta love ' em 
i really love when you chat people and they dont answer 
im a bloke that broke 
lynyrd skynyrd died today , he was the P.E. teacher who gave dention to the future memebers of the band with his name because the kids hair was to long 
And be a simple kind of man . \ 
Be something you love and understand . \ 
Be a simple kind of man . \ 
Won't you do this for me son , \ 
If you can ? 
who does not have a chem science partner for the science fair message me on fb 
just a bullet for my < PROPFIRST > kind of night 
i know a kid with the name alucard which is dracula backwards vampires i think so 
Those who want to live , let them fight , and those who do not want to fight in this world of eternal struggle do not deserve to live . famous fighting quote Facebook i ask your thoughts 
Football game channel 7 bcp is down by 3 right now so go rep the team 
Cod and lynyrd skynyrd = friday afternoon 
Phones fixed call or txt me 
I believe if its worth it you will make time reason number one why high school kids piss me off 
just discovered coolio 
says sign Petition for < PROPFEMALE > Gardner to attend BCP Homecoming 2010 facebook group its for FLAVIO 
who has dunnion i need help with the crucible citation 
To the ladies of < PROPMALE > class 2012 we salute you 
16 days plus one month 
world of the day polyandry 
only in arizona would you walk into class say hey its raining and have then get told ok everyone outside by the teacher 
Playing rugby at lunch in the rain and wind = best lunch ever 
whats with the xcp girls saying i like it ( dirty comment ) 
where are we 
chillin with < PROPFIRST > Richman um what are we doin 
For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction 
I could see it as you turned to stone\ 
Still clearly I can hear you say\ 
Don't leave don't give up on me 
i will be there for you in the morning with a smile on my face 
Its 10/10/10 and what am i going to do hmm nothing 
asking < PROPFEMALE > = my new fav band 
so today i have rediscovered a love for country and figured out my favorite metal bands thank god for the guitar 
i feel like 10/10/10 at 10:10 am and pm is overrated thus i did nothing 
today i discovered that the japs have screamo damn it 
the healthy human mind does not wake up in the mornin thinking this is its last day on earth 
home alone and a whole pan of lasagna got left out i feel like < PROPMALE > in heaven 
9 days cant pass quick enough 
Predator on amc great movie 
This is my rifle . There are many like it , but this one is mine . My rifle is my best friend . It is my life . I must master it as I master my life . My rifle , without me , is useless . Without my rifle , I am useless . 
I'm getting buried in this place \ 
I got no room your in my face \ 
don't say anything just go away 
< PROPFEMALE > is having nation wide strikes because the governement wants to move the retirement age from 60-62 
If ? Pacman had affected us as kids we'd be running around in dark rooms , munching pills and listening to repetitive music 
Hooten Essay no i refuse 
Big Red Night of the Dead with < PROPFIRST > richman was a success 
im goin down with this ship so dont even try to save it 
I LOVE the Foodchannel 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . peace be with you grandpa 
i need a Dodgeball team anyone need a guy 
you always miss what you dont have 
hey if any one needs a ride to the tailgate and you live near bcp/xcp or in north phoenix call me at 602-402-2765 
happy halloween 
halloween = sitting at home doing homework 
anybody wanna see paranormal activity two tonight with me 
Facebook we gave up on change after Obama get a clue 
Would you be willing to sit with me when it all comes to an end 
tonight is the night i stop caring about everything especalliy my life 
Pokemon yellow = best video game ever made 
You were always where the sun could never go\ 
I never wanted you to have to be alone 
playing cod with a guy named joubert i wonder 
theres a double rainbow in black ops 
In the end 
I had to fall\ 
To lose it all\ 
But in the end\ 
It doesn't even matter 
Ready for La La Land are you 
I wish to run away to a place i have never been to see those that never will be or been 
At the end of the day where all just animals covered in clothes :) 
Insanity is natures gift to civilization 
its only when humans , like animals , are pushed to the brink do they show how far they will go to survive 
Distances may seperate us but our hearts will always be close to one another 
We are spiritual beings on a human journey not human beings on a spiritual journey 
In the huge vastness of space and of all the humans that are out there your the only one who ever made it all worth anything so thank you 
I believe in lies and the greatest one is that your living one 
Can anybody gve me a ride to the massive dance party tonight 
Phone is not working so if you need to talk to me leave a message on fb 
Who wants pikmin on there pc 
Cowboy Bebop is going to be turned into a live action :( 
Stop acting like you know me when you dont even want me to speak my mind 
Generally speaking , the way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death 
I'm the dude playin the dude disguised as another dude 
the air around me still feels like a cage 
Sex , Drugs and Rock N Roll 
we are all impure souls its overcoming this impurity that makes us human 
anybody know of any good music producing software other than fruity loops 
Mama , put my guns in the ground\ 
I can't shoot them anymore . \ 
That long black cloud is comin ' down\ 
I feel like I'm knockin ' on heaven's door . 
best way to test out new earbuds dubstep 
? ? ?? 
Spring break plan DBZ hardcore marathon on the big TV 
Just found out that when < PROPFIRST > downey jr was in Tropic Thunder he would stay in character after each scene 
tonights mission epic 30 mintue dubstep/techno mix houstan we are a go 
I went skydiving\ 
I went < PROPMALE > mountain climbing\ 
I went two point seven seconds on a bull named Fu Man Chu\ 
And I loved deeper \ 
And I spoke sweeter \ 
And I gave forgiveness I'd been denyin'\ 
And he said some day I hope you get the chance\ 
To live like you were dyin ' 
Helping yourself is the hardest thing to do when you always help others 
After seeing the Microsoft commercial so many times i'm afraid a smart phone will make me never talk to any women again 
I have given up on Ebay i cant buy a military grade howitzer 
Just because its not life and death does not mean the meaning is lost 
in the end we are all just waitin for the next high so we can just float on by 
Ozzy\ 
Slayer\ 
Danzig\ 
Sepultura\ 
Fear Factory\ 
Biohazard\ 
Neurosis\ 
Earth Crisis\ 
Powerman 5000\ 
Coal Chamber\ 
Cellophane the 1996 Ozzfest line up 
just another day to watch all the cars pass by 
half a year way from 18 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > blows my mind more the < PROPMALE > 
Treat me like a God , oh they treat me like a leper\ 
You see me move back and forth between both 
If Circle K was bigger than i would never leave 
??? (?_?) ??? his name is ... 
in < PROPFEMALE > there are no < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > facts only < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > truths 
When it comes to encounters there is no right or wrong 
http://www2.potsdam.edu/hansondj/LegalDrinkingAge.html 
i love being the only one on facebook 
Fuck all this 
Ok new black ops zombie maps got rid of the bowie knife for what ..... a sickle WTF 
time to learn Wing < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow 
gotta enjoy the little things 
so it was kiss a brunette day yeah kinda failed 
i have chosen to become a hikkimori from this point forth with the only exception being school 
If one is truly pretty she will look good no matter what she wears 
The Great Santini will be a good book 
black and yellow on youtube just got another 1 million views because of today 
For thousands of years , human beings had screwed up and trashed and crapped on this planet , and now history expected me to clean up after everyone . I have to wash out and flatten my soup cans . And account for every drop of used motor oil . \ 
\ 
And I have to foot the < PROPMALE > for nuclear waste and buried gasoline tanks and landfilled toxic sludge dumped a generation before I was born . 
WHO HAS CHRISITIAN ETHICS BOOK 
Women of XCP who wants lunch with boys from < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow 
Taking the boys from < PROPFEMALE > on an immersion trip to XCP who wants to meet them 
fun night with all the < PROPFEMALE > bombing time to go do dunnion gossip mag peace yall 
Going to see the rite tonight < PROPFIRST > hopkins you sir are scary 
Just saw The Rite freaky as hell but over all great movie 
First BCP dance i have seen with no grinding or intoxicated people 
Estne volumen in toga , an solum tibi libet me videre ? 
To you I'm an atheist ; to God , I'm the Loyal Opposition . \ 
Woody < PROPFIRST > 
first avatar the last air bender now drake and < PROPMALE > yeah Saturday cartoons high school style 
build me a bonfire and i will teach you how to light the world on fire 
65 percent of expectant fathers report experiencing at least one “symptom” of pregnancy just stumbled across this while searching humor 
Shoujo Otaku idk to be happy or sad about this one 
There’s nothing like a funeral to make you feel alive 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iY-9Rq22aYE&feature=feedlik 
Mornin everybody 
1 < PROPFEMALE > byte drive yes sir 
Ello erbody 
\who the hell do you think we are\ " -TTGL " 
Gotta love yourself before anyone else 
Love how drinking a monster and eating puts me to sleep 
Nothin better than sittin in your room blastin dubstep gettin work done 
INSTRUCTIONS : Go to your profile . The top 5 friends that are in the left-hand sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How much trouble are you in ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Richman , < PROPFIRST > Melick , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Mulligan , < PROPMALE > Hernandez 
Sold my copy of Black Ops 
Anyone wanna go laser questin tonight text me 602-402-2765 
The Japanese have figured out a new way to invade a country move your country into it 
what did i learn tonight dont touch any soda on campus its probably petites 
Kinda feel bad when the only thing you notice about a friends relationship status is when they are single not when the relationship started 
To whom it may concern i now have shogun 2 
i refuse to listen to friday by < PROPFEMALE > black 
So libya is a no fly zone but did anyone notice nope cause cbs kept the game on while the prez told us this new decision 
The rapid growth of dubstep is coming to a close , now it is time for the genre to blend . Don't listen to styles of it that you don't like , nobody cares if you don't like ' filth ' or if its too ' commercial ' or if its not ' crazy ' enough , theres different styles of every genre , listen to what you like and enjoy it , fuck . - Revo 
it seems like the closer we get to graduation the less homework i get 
the Question ability will get raped then complained about 
Mother bought a Wok i am so happy 
Hey guys i just realized what if Mr. Ramsey chaperons the Prom 
Sorry people can not get on skype < PROPMALE > cause the program to stop working 
Mr. Stickney i have two questions 
When a motal kombat trailer uses dubstep as the background song you know what the future of main stream music is 
I only want what i cant have 
Tomorrow gentlemen we vote for now we procrastinate 
Alone I'll walk the winding way , here I stay 
Mom wants me to help your download trance and dubstep to her droid great success 
in a 2 hour 13 mintue movie all < PROPMALE > taught me got destroyed by one line \His name is < PROPFIRST > Paulson . \"" 
