facebook appropriate things that have occurred so far : I did a snow angel in only my boxers around 9a , slept on every single couch in the living room ( even the floor ) , and grilling ( Yes , outside and no , not just in my boxers ) 

I would ride two up with you :) 
Day 1 on the 1984 Toyota MKII Supra Project - stripping it down ... now wheres my camera ?? 
Adventure is on my mind , mixed with two parts trouble !! 
I'm heading to Kalamazoo tonight , see you there ? 
I'm having the slowest day possible right now ... show me the money !! 
why do I like ' old ' things .... making decisions about purchasing a vintage Jeep CJ3-A ... 
So yea , just bought a boat ... a Sea < PROPFIRST > Sea < PROPFIRST > der Jet Boat ... pretty coooooool 
When don't I go to Kalamazoo on the weekends .... heading there tonight for some fun after a long workweek ! 
I'm getting back into shape , how so ?? Training for the Ubanathlon in Chicago on October 17th starting today , 13 weeks to go !! 
if I can get 30 people to ' like ' my status , then I will come to Rib Fest tonight and tomorrow night ... 
I had Founder's beer sneak attack me last night ... I'm still paying for it 
my neighbor just brought over a plate with a steak , < PROPMALE > & cheese , vegetables , mash potatoes , and garlic bread for dinner .... did I mention that she irons my clothes too !!?? 
some people are crazy ... they're the ones that fall in love 
just a few weeks before my new toy gets here ! 
Kalamazoo might be on fire tonight after this game !! 
I'm going back to Vietnam for a few weeks . My secretary will have my phone so leave messages with her . Leaving Friday , won't be back til the end of the month !! 
I got my 1965 DeVille today :D 
I just got tipped a bottle of wine from a Russian cougar :D 
Overheard someone asking a friend , \What's a Vo ? \"" 
still upset about the results of the MI vs State game ... but can't wait to see another epic game against Iowa on Sat !! 
going to watch Zombieland with the little sister ! 
What a great day for vintage Cadillac cruising , a Michigan victory over Iowa , seeing old friends , and of course the obligatory adult beverage ... all after work of course !! 
going to get some Pho for lunch to warm myself up ! Vo's Pho coming in 2014 ... 
this day needs to be over ... gonna go run with < PROPFEMALE > after I close 
rocking out to Pandora with a beer in my hand wrenching on the ' 65 Caddi ... what a manly thing to do on this Thursday evening :D Don't worry ladies , I'll have time for ya this weekend ;) 
what a great autumn day , life is good ! 
I need a SushiYa dinner date tonight at 8p , any takers ? 
The Caddi is out being detailed for tonight's festivites downtown GR . Slainte ! 
blame it on the Vo charm ;) 
Pho taste so much better with friends ... 
sometimes I just want to < PROPMALE > the sun in my car 
some people say they can't believe , Jamaica we got a < PROPMALE > sled team ! 
The HANGOVER DVD release party tomorrow ! 
So my < PROPFEMALE > toe got saved but it'll never be able to move again , I'm ok with that . 
Kalamazoo tonight and Chicago tomorrow through the weekend ! Happy Holiday , friends :D 
who wants to come to Hawaii with me on Feb 25 - Mar 3 ?? 
Ringing in the New Year sober ... because I'm sick :P Hope everyone stays safe , I love you all . -Vo Daddy 
I can NOT wait for the Apple Tablet to come out !!! I sound like a geek but really am not ... 
Since I'll be 26 on Wednesday , do I have to give up my college ID with all the sweet discounts that come with it ?? 
my friends ROCK !! Thanks for all the birthday posts , calls , texts , and voicemails !! I will finally get to celebrate starting tomorrow at < PROPFIRST > Andel for the Griffin's game , then Chicago on Sat . Thanks again !! - L VO E - 
Who would've ever knew , That we would ever be more than friends 
VO SHO !! 
I could use a PB&J right about now 
just had a Beltline Bar burrito for lunch ... it lived up to the hype 
The sun is glistening off the chrome of my Caddi like whoa , I need some stunna shades 
Going to be at BW's in Kalamazoo tonight to say bye to the old location ... so many memories there . Clean slate at the new one ... I vote YES ! 
< PROPFEMALE > I were out drinking , have a green beer or < PROPFEMALE > car bomb for me people ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is my favorite Vietnamese speaking honky !! FB Official . 
going to put some < PROPMALE > on the bike tonight ... after ... one ... more ... game ... of ... bejewled ... 
needs a change of scenery , glad that I'm giving myself a four day weekend starting tomorrow night 
April Fool's is a drinking holiday right ? 
a relaxed Friday with chicken on the grill and a beer in the hand ... just what I needed 
Easter brunch at < PROPFIRST>'s Crab in GR . What a glorious day ! 
If you don't take care of business , someone else will . My motto for the week . 
Go Tigers , go Rockies !! Just to let everyone know where I stand on opening day . 
since its easier to update my Facebook status than it is to text everyone .... I'll be in Kalamazoo tonight 
Is all business .... during the weekday 
Who else wants to go to the Tigers v Red Socks game May 15th !? 
Red Wings at BW's ... oh and traditional wings too , < PROPFEMALE > bbq and mango habanero please !! 
Dinner and wine at Zazzio's .... and since I'll already be in Kalamazoo , a stop to my favorite bar . Monaco Bay ! 
Excuse me Miss , do you know how much a polar bear weighs ? Well , its enough to break the ice ;) 
The sensible thing to do is to think with your head . 
Now that I can breathe at the bars , maybe you'll see me there more ?! Happy No Public Smoking Day ... and all of my Kalamazoo fans , I'll be in town tonight ! 
There's another addition to the Cadillac family :) She is a Red 1962 DeVille !! 
My day just became awesome !! Took delivery of my 1962 Cadillac , adding to the collection :) 
\I'd rather be lucky than good \"" 
I'm dancing to the Thong Song .... I love my life ! 
People who say what they think and then do what they say normally get what they want out of life . 
Grand Rapids is a scary place for motorcyclists ! 
VO SHO ! 
At an Asian club in Chicago .... I've never seen so many digital cameras ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s bachelor party , word . 
Selling the Sea Rayder Jet Boat ... I have to make room for the growing family of vintage Cadillacs ! 
if people knew what my workweek was like , they would understand why I go all out on the weekends ... 
Off to soccer ! 
Stupid Monday .... already want this week to be over ... 
World Cup starts now ! I'll be in my man cave for the next month 
taking this day off to watch some amazing World Cup soccer and then off to < PROPFIRST>'s and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding later ( in Kalamazoo :D ) 
Going to play soccer after a rough night of boozin 
taking a quick nap ... then heading to soccer ! 
I just tried to walk through my glass storm door ... that's gonna leave a < PROPFIRST > . 
daaang , ultimate frisbee kicked my butt tonight .... sleeping well vo sho ! 
I stayed off of FB and ESPN and the internet ALL DAY so I can watch the US v Algeria game after work ... worth the wait !!! EPIC game that brought a tear to my eye . 
on a run 
going out for an adventure ! not too much though because I have to play soccer tomorrow morning ... 
I think you should reconnect with VO ! 
now we know who wants to win the World Cup ... I'm still rooting for Netherlands though !! 
there are no complaints in life with mornings like these :) 
she's pretty awesome ! 
grilling at the 534 , come get some ! 
why can't anyone remember what happened Thursday night ?? I want answers !! 
LETS GO NETHERLANDS !! Off to soccer then watching the World Cup final ! 
someone has a case of the Mondays .... giving myself a day off :D 
that was a good workout and a great spaghetti dinner ! now I'm tired 
feelin ' blue 
I'll be in Kalamazoo tonight with some great friends for the White Party !! Um ... I'll be at Wine Loft if anyone needs me because I have an inoperable phone :( 
I rocked my socks off last night .... seriously , I came home with only one sock 
I still can't get out of weekend mode ... 
Heading to Kalamazoo later then its off the Chicago for one cool dude's bachelor party .... aka The Hangover : Chicago 
Grand Rapids , MI needs a Whole Foods pronto ... who wants to open one with me ? 
\\V/ ( o ) 
out for a few with the boys 
Wedding today in Kalamazoo ! 
Going to soccer to sweat out a fifth of whiskey 
softball double header tonight ... its gonna be a late one 
just got home from the shop :( late dinner with the GR family aka , Danks and < PROPFIRST > 
is :( and that never happens 
cooking some homemade breakfast then heading to Detroit to the Tigers game 
drunk like a tiger 
switching things up , morning run ... forgot how good this feels 
' 85 Bears reunion , Pit Passes for a race at Chicagoland Speedway , Sox v Yankees , Tall Ships .... Chicago has got it going on this weekend 
soccer in Kalamazoo then the BYSL party , if you're around come out for beers and grilled food ! 
why do the signs that say \Slow Children\ " have a picture of a running child ? " 
softball in GR then Kalamazoo to celebrate Danks ' birthday then Chicago in the early morning to pick up my brother 
My body is beginning to let me know that I can't drink like a Kalamazoo resident anymore , sad panda 
big college football day and I'm sick , boo ....... btw , my team colors : MAIZE AND BLUE !! 
every time I close my eyes , I am playing bejewled in my head and actually see the screen ... \ 
\ 
step 1 : admit you have a problem yes [ x ] no [ ] 
Headed to Argyle to get some Vietnamese food with Y-anh :) 
getting fire cupped by the professionsl , Y-Anh ... mobile pic soon 
Kalamazoo tomorrow 
don't burn a Koran , cheer for Michigan instead ! GO BLUE ! 
HAIL TO THE VICTORS !!! 
decisions decisions , they're a funny thing because no matter the path chosen not everyone involved can be one hundred percent satisfied 
hug an asian day is too far away , it should be today ... and it shouldn't just be a day long it should be all week , so keep an eye out for your favorite 6'2\ asian this week " 
Headed to Kalamazoo for the weekend , gonna have some fun ! 
sometimes I think tea is made just for me , so so good 
date night with myself : steak and scallops with a side of hott tub time machine 
this guy is drunk 
is hanging with my favorite Korean , Ferrare !!! 
Business dinner in Grand Rapids then a few delicious drinks on the town . Going for quality , not quantity tonight ( drink-wise ) . 
did I just see a snowflake !? I hope this isn't the whisky from last night playing tricks on me 
Kalamazoo for a few hours , get a hold of me if you want to see me 
I want some Moose Drool 
drinking tea and being creative on paper 
I wish I could write my liver a thank you card ... last night was crazy 
gonna get fire cupped before bed , then doctor's in the morning ... joy 
can't wait to get artsy with a pumpkin this week ... I should probably take it out to dinner first 
Happy Birthday to my brother Truc < PROPFIRST > Vo !! You make an older brother proud !! 
In Kalamazoo for FUN ! 
freedom : tastes like 60mph wind on your bare face mixed in with random insects . great day for one of the last fall motorcycle rides 
a tree just fell on Cherry .... my red 1962 Cadillac :( 
I have a spoiled liver .... 
too bad GR doesn't have a Food Dance or a Burdick's .... what am I supposed to do for my Sunday routine ? 
oh < PROPMALE > , we were lovers once .. \ 
what I wouldn't give to be back in you again ... 
I should be looking for trouble tonight ... 
needs to be cheered up otherwise its a fifth of < PROPFIRST > type of night 
grilling today , come get some 
another bad day ... what do I look forward to anymore ? 
International Food and Wine Festival downtown GR tonight , yessss 
beer and wine tastings are my new favorite things .... followed by double fisting , bar hopping , and head-butts that I don't remember ... awesome night 
I wish adults could take a rain day , I just want to sleep all day long 
I partied in an igloo tonight 
grilling then looking for adventure tonight 
sunday funday , you never cease to surprise me , adventure came in the form of neon trees tonight 
what did I eat , stomach hurts so bad ... still in bed :( 
Kalamazoo tonight , catch me if you can ! 
in for the night , drinking tea and staying warm ... date night with the liver tomorrow ;) 
already can't wait until Friday ! 
dollar drinks .... who does that ?? this guy , two at a time !! 
I don't know why I thought of this but today I realized I have never been to Detroit sober ... 
.... and that's how Fridays are supposed to be done 
It was a good eleven years novelty New Year glasses , you had a great run ... what will people wear on their eyes while ringing in 2011 , perhaps a monocle ? 
its probably a good thing < PROPFIRST > Plummer lives in Hawaii , my liver hurts right now 
thats the third time today I sent a text message then put the phone up to my ear ... 
new me is out running this morning , happy monday 
Now that was a championship game ! Off to bed , morning run tomorrow ... 6:30 comes quickly ! 
up to run at 6:30 a voluntarily ... 
petite balsamic ribeye , sautéed teriyaki mushroom topping , homemade garlic mashed redskinned potatoes , garlic and butter green beans , field greens with roasted pine nuts and a < PROPFEMALE > dijon vinaigrette , roasted croûtons with romano cheese , pesto and boursin cheese bruschetta , rolling rock , merlot , and some catch phrase with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Gras who were also the amazing cooks ... that was a mouthful 
cross training this morning at the pool with coach 
never cry over spilled milk ... it could've been whiskey 
Sunday runday ... no , that is not a typo , Vo is having no fun today 
I beat my alarm clock to it this morning ... now to dress for a run and make a delicious breakfast . 
treating myself to some SushiYa tonight .... I deserve this ! call/text , I'll be in town around 8:30 p :) 
getting my dose of an early morning run 
I hate waking up before my alarm ... oh well , swimming around 6:30 a to mix things up again . Happy Thirsty Thursdays ! 
I'd like mornings if they started later .... cup of english breakfast tea to start an awesome week ! 
6am , we meet again .... I own you ! Upping mileage each week , nothing different today ! 
what an amazing pre-birthday dinner with my cuzo < PROPFEMALE > Zie and viet food connoisseur < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
morning run 
big sky ipa at 25 with the roommate 
( 02.05 . ) 11 = 25+1+1 = a 27th birthday party no one will remember but won't soon forget !! 
morning speed work today with virtually no sleep , zombie mode 
Snowpocalypse , Snowtorious B.I.G. , Snowmaggedon , Snoverkill , SnOMG ... haha who thinks of this stuff ? 
getting some < PROPMALE > in before work , 16 more days til my first race of the year ! 
Happy Lunar New Year to all my asians out there ... and the wannabes !! 
Up before my alarm ... but the funny thing is , I didn't set an alarm last night . My body must want to go run . 
whats going on Saturday ... I heard there was a big party or something in GR ;) 
putting 6.5 < PROPMALE > in this morning and maybe a swim if the pool is open 
Party of the year tonight ? Nah , lets be modest .... only for the next ten months !! 
going back to bed ... still don't know what all happened last night 
GOOD MORNING ! The day starts now :) 
I said it a thousand times , and I'll say it once more ! You can't spell love without VO ! 
Pandora knows my mood today 
In Kalamazoo today and tonight , catch me if you can !! 
the < PROPFEMALE > tonight makes me smile 
cooking dinner ! 
I need excitement tonight ! 
is it Cadillac'n season yet !? 
can't wait for the Chinese buffet man-date in Kalamazoo with Mr. < PROPFIRST > Cook this afternoon ! 
awesome finding things out from Facebook instead of through normal communication 
haircut then chilling at the house all day getting the Cadillac ready and possibly firing up the grill ! 
laughfest tonight in GR , I need a good chuckle ! 
< PROPFEMALE > I were out drinking ! 
wow , that hasn't happened in a while ... came home from work and sat down just to pass out for a couple of hours 
I'll be in Kalamazoo tonight , enough said ! 
folding a dollar koi fish before bed so I can tip our server when I take < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > out to San Chez's 
I have a magic grill and everything that comes off of it taste like heaven 
headed to my special place : Kalamazoo ! 
Happy VO-beron Day !! 
opening day makes me want to bathe in cheap domestic beer 
pounding pavement 
