What kind of nonsense is having to remember things you once memorized ? It totally takes the fun out of learning ... 

is genuinely unhappy in the cold . I just want to be naked in the sun ... 
is proud to be part of a nation who's willing to aid our neighbors during tragedy or oppression . Whether we succeed or not , I'm glad we care enough and have the power to try . 
is having ribeye for lunch . Thank you Lowe's weekly coupons ! 
hates the rec at night in january . especially when they cram the typically most crowded part of the weight room at the very back . i mean there's not even enough room for anyone to check themselves out in the mirror and if there was a fire , protein sales in lubbock would plummet ... bad situation . 
The work of God does not mean so much man's work for God , as God's own work through man . -Hudson < PROPFIRST > 
Go see The Book of < PROPMALE > . 
Pray for my dad and the rest of the group who just arrived in the Dominican Republic yesterday and are heading into Haiti tomorrow ! 
how did i forget how awesome powdered donuts are ?! 
How many times does your hot water have to stop working in a month to consider your apartment a dump ? 
There is supposed to be a press conference from Idaho at 2 o'clock central time concerning the group of 10 detainees in Haiti who include my dad and two other family members . If I'm wrong on the time , let me know . 
There is supposed to be a press conference from Idaho at 2 o'clock central time concerning the group of 10 detainees in Haiti who include my dad and two other family members . They're doing constant coverage off and on right now on CNN , FOX News etc . 
I'm thinking the press conference won't actually be televised nationally . CNN/FOX will most likely show their own clips later on . That's my guess anyway . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > will be reading a personal statement to the Haitian Prime Minister and government from the families ' of the detainees on air tonight . Please watch for support . 
Watch < PROPMALE > Cooper tonight at 9:00 central on CNN . < PROPFEMALE > Thompson ( Wife of detainee < PROPFIRST > Thompson , Mother of detainee < PROPMALE > Thompson , Sister of detainee < PROPFIRST > Culberth ) will be interviewed . 
www.bringjimhome.com 
My mom is going to be on < PROPMALE > At Large tomorrow night on FOXNews at 9 o'clock central . 
Mom did great on < PROPMALE > ! The producer apologized for the short interview too . I hope she can get some sleep soon ... She sure does deserve some . 
< PROPMALE > Cooper tonight at 9 on CNN . Pray for my mom and < PROPMALE > because < PROPMALE > tends to be a tool . 
Apparently my dad's coming home !!! Let's hope it's real ! 
For the 1st time in 4 weeks I just talked to my dad ! He sounds good but really tired . I'll be meeting him in Amarillo tomorrow . Thank you all for your constant prayers and concern through this . I'm extremely fortunate to have such amazing family/friends , not to mention all of you who I've only briefly known at certain periods of my life . Your support has done more for us than you'll ever know . God is always faithful . 
My parents are going to be on Oprah tomorrow from our house in Amarillo . 
If you missed < PROPMALE > Cooper there should be a second showing at midnight . 
My parents will be on < PROPMALE > At Large on Sunday night at 9pm Central on FOXNews , then on Monday , Good Morning < PROPFEMALE > , FOX and Friends and something else but I'm not sure yet . 
Ok , scratch < PROPMALE > . They're doing Good Morning < PROPFEMALE > , CNN < PROPFEMALE > n Morning , FOX and Friends and then something on CBS , all tomorrow . I'll know times later . 
We Are The World 25 is a complete and utter disaster ... 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland begins in 1 hour playas . Let's pray it isn't another < PROPFIRST > and the Chocolate Factory . 
Maybe next year Kokila Kakarala , as well as anyone else who doubts my all knowing < PROPFIRST > winner predicting ability , will come to me with their bets . 
just watched Where The Wild Things Are and it sure reminds me of this kid with a huge blonde head and a honky accent in a Ninja Turtles t-shirt , cutoff < PROPFIRST > shorts and neon pink/green/black checkered slip ons who once ran amuck in early 1990s Amarillo . Where's my fort ? I should still have a fort . 
needs a vacation from routine . 
\Who do you love ? Me or the thought of me ? \"" 
wrote the song \Desi Girl\ " . My gharana is A+ . Full marks ! Mind blaaasting ! My boom box operator Suman Chittivelu will tell you man . " 
Online Scrabble is something I thought I wouldn't do until I was at least getting my social security checks ... Kokila Kakarala knows how to do it big . Too bad you challenged the modern day Shakespeare loser . I'm about to feed you the \smorgasbord \"." 
had 3 different dreams last night where I was on Dr. House's team . One of them I remember stealing his cane . Another he was trying to figure out what was wrong with me . And in the last one . . . Kutner was still alive . 
thinks it's pretty messed up how often a guy almost HAS to screw up in a relationship in order for it to work . The female mind can be so twisted that it takes the feeling of abandonment just to reinforce the interest and demand she has for the guy . Enigmas of life ... 
loves Physics about as much as < PROPFEMALE > Reynoso loves her a nice bowl of turds for breakfast . 
It's so nice outside right now I could go streaking up through the quad and into the gymnasium ! SNOOP . SNOOP A LOOP . 
Sound of < PROPFIRST > Bieber/Ludacris collaboration = Butchery of an otherwise neutral day and the future of music as we know it . 
Off to Shutter Island . 
I think Erykah Badu is in my midst . That is one giant fro . And I respect it . 
It's always interesting to witness the social dynamics between patients in a psych hospital . It's a lot like high school ... just more prefrontal cortex activity . 
Every time I see Rihanna she looks more and more like Rufio yet I'm still not turned off by it ... I don't know whether to check her out or crow . 
Shady people irritate me more than a Channing < PROPFEMALE > movie . 
Doin ' the pediatrics thing today , cuz I luh da kidz ! 
So apparently Lady Gaga's in a love triangle with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ... Didn't see that one coming . 
I got half a smile and zero shame . 
Drug seekers are just so cute sometimes . It's hard to successfully lie about pain when your fingertips are burned off and your teeth are almost dust . 
just chewed an over-the-counter sleeping pill ( Don't wanna sleep for 12 hours you know . ) and the inside of my cheek and left side of my tongue went numb . So I looked up Diphenhydramine HCl and found out it's also used as a local anesthetic ! How awesome is that ?! 
Pharmaceutical presentation tonight . Ready to hear about Risperdol or Zyprexa and what not . More ready for the free steak . 
So is sexual addiction supposed to be a legitimate reason to cheat now ? Pretty sure I wouldn't feel sorry for the wifey if she was sitting in sex rehab . If the fear of destroying the life you have is gone ... adultery doesn't seem all that scary anymore . 
Just had THE most ridiculous 2 hour { repeat : 2 HOUR } phone call with Wells Fargo , transferred 6 times , < PROPMALE > up on 3 times , around an hour and a half total spent on hold , problem still not solved . Never give a dime to Wells Fargo , fair warning . You'd think the government was running this freak show . 
SPURS show ' em whatcha got !!! This could go to game 7 , but the end will be the same nonetheless . Go back to your coffin Count Dirkula . 
Led Zeppelin is indisputably the greatest rock band of all time . 
Hanson is back and their new song is surprisingly likable ... 
is rollin ' in $tyle now . Just got me my own personal banker . BLAOW ! 
The Mavs are small tatahs , and Big Fundamental loooves him some tatahs . 3 games to go ! 
Finally my week long chemistry extravaganza is over ... I'm sweating and bleeding caffeine but what a better time to catch up on muh ' HOUSE MD ! 
New hopeful Cash Cab question of the day : Who won the 2010 IPL cricket finals ? Chennai Super Kings . Knowing that will one day bring me good fortune . I can feel it ... 
Mavs fans - I hate so much about the things you choose to be . 
< PROPFIRST > Bieber makes Miley < PROPMALE > look like Rambo . 
Watching the parking patrol guys walk around giving tickets is like watching Shark Week , except in real life . They really do exist ... in their blood red shirts , with their evil hearts , only thing blacker being their slutty short shorts . That one just smiled as he placed the ticket under some poor soul's windshield ... 
Do not be afraid . Stand still , and see the salvation of the Lord , which He will accomplish for you today . -Exodus 14:13 
Notable observation : Predisposition to mental illness plus any of the following-crack , marijuana , < PROPFEMALE > meth , ecstasy , shrooms , PCP , LSD and/or any inhalant-is a very unwise life choice . 
< PROPMALE > gets uglier every game . I'm glad he'll be out of sight for a while . Can I get an Amen to that ? 
Finals are so stupid . The chemistry department is evil for scheduling two of my tests on the same day , one right after the other . My cortisol levels are off the charts . I'm popping acetaminophens like < PROPFEMALE > just to relieve my jaw ache from clinching my teeth 24 hours a day . And I'm basically having to relearn the whole semester from the beginning . These are dark times ... 
has been enlightened . Any girl who says there're no good guys out there should shut it . In society an even # of jerk guys and crazy girls can be thrown out . Say 30% each . But after judging looks , since men are far more shallow , basically 80% of the remaining women are now thrown out compared to maybe 20% men , leaving 15% quality women available to almost 60% quality men by female standards ! Ladies , stop the nonsense . 
The American Chemical Society sucks ... and so does Tech's chemistry department for thinking that test is legit . All I know is , Goodluck < PROPMALE > is the coolest president's name of all time . 
'' Who would've thought we'd have a black son before we met a democrat ? '' 
'' Gather my insufficiencies and place them in your hands ... '' 
loves powdered donuts like Esha Lukose loves lard . 
'' Who says I can't be free ... from all of the things that I used to be ? '' 
One day North Korea will force us to blow them off the face of the earth . 
MCAT Verbal Reasoning section ... you are the devil . 
The Next Three Days is one awesome movie . < PROPFIRST > Haggis is a screenwriting genius . 
I hope the Libyan rebels cremate Qaddafi's mustache and sell it on Ebay . 
