prefade-ed and gonna make the last of 2009 worth it !! out the city ! 

Yeah , it's 2010 , I'm already 21 , we're supposed to die in 2 years and the news says that California is due for a huge earthquake ....... what's there to look forward to ??!! 
goin to sactown today ! 
its so hot .... and boring . 
is finally gettin a car :] 
mmBop 
:[ lost my voice .... and MY PHONE . UGHFUCK . 
So my assignment for my english class is to write about my position on legalizing marijuana .............. hmmmm i vote ... YES 
i want my mom :[ 
watching cruel intentions , looking on craigslist for furniture and kickin it with < PROPFEMALE > 
me and < PROPFEMALE > have an appointment at 330 tomorrow to sign the lease ! how exciting . we're going to officially have our own place ! house warming party soooooon ! 
i dont understand how to play farmville .... oh , and i'm stoned . 
lamp shopping tonight 
Leavin for Texas in 2 days ! :] 
Home sweet home . 
It's a white christmas after all :] its snowing in Texas ! 
All the crazy shit I did tonite , those will be the best memories <3 
Hey SF ... its been a while ... 
Got my 3 most important cards with me ... ID , debit card ... and health insurance ... be safe everybody ! 
Maybe I'm too picky ? 
Here i come when i better go ... 
First Friday nite off in 6 months !! its about time 
makin pizza from scratch with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > :) 
i did something horrible today . 
i know what you're thinking ! 
3day weekend comin up :] 
the city tonighttttt , happy bday cuz !! 
BRoke my phone and just got a new one , text me < PROPFIRST > please !!! 
Happy hour in the city 
A banana hammock , a < PROPFEMALE > peach , and some cool music would be awesome right now 
Rough nite 
Uggghhh . 
lets get together and feel alright 
Uuugghhh . work . i knew i was going to regret it . 
Ridiculous . 
Today is gonna be a good day . i can feel it .... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > here we come ! 
hanging out in the city today , YEUH 
marie : whats better than hip hop ? carlos : sex . 
Relax . Take your time . 
my bday in la in exactly one month ! 
I love my mom :) 
a day in the cityy YAY :] 
was off yesterday , and off the next two days !! no paparazzi the next couple of days please , gonna do some damage to sf . 
Tipsy Tuesday ! 
Off work , Goin home to '' ease my mind '' and fold laundry while watching a stupid movie :) 
I just wanna dance !! 
Doing something bad tonight ... something i havent done in a looonng time ;) i gotta feeling ..... 
san francisco . happy hour . grapes . 
i hate allergies !!!!!! 
Im sick , broke and gave myself a blackeye(just the corner)anndd i work ALL weekend . FmL 
I've discovered my new Disneyland ..... Ikea :) 
I'll go in your room , but you have to seduce me . 
one of the scariest moments of my adult life , lastnite . 
why does it feel like somebody's watching meee ! 
im in california , i expect sidewalks !!! 
i meant to just take a nap .... 14 hrs later , i am now awake . 
GIants game !!!! 
We'll be waiting on the outside justiin !! 
Recovering from lastnite . wake n bake !! 
BAr hopping in dt < PROPFEMALE > 
Time to get sloppy ! 
In the city for my birthday ! For two days ! 
BItches be crazy !! 
BEst birthday week everrr . exhausted . Thanks for all the bday wishes !! <3 
setting aside the day for myself . rejuvination . 
Just did some < PROPMALE > cleaning , now time for lunch then more cleaning ! then workout , then playtime :D 
why did i pick up a shift for today ? we get paid 3 times this month . 
Woke up too late ! Got shit to do damn it . 
So effing tired . I hope tonight goes by fast . 
OMG . Those stupid bats wont let me sleep !! 
Joy comes not from perfection , but from seeing beyond imperfection .. 
I love my weekly three day weeekends . 
Thinking of you ;) 
YES . It's payday ! 
workout , lunch with roomie , then work 
so all of a sudden , i get sick :( 
I don't want to get old ! :( 
So . 
I'm only goin to break your heart .. 
Late nite workout 
Can't wait for Pride !!! 3 Days . 
IT's HERE !! 
So , two people were shot at pride . Sucks , ruined the nite ! And im sorry for those of who lost their lives tonight . It was chaos . 
CrAZY weekens !!! I love Pride . And i love the people i was with ! Unforgetable . 
Goin to Texas for a week to see the fam . Phone wont be working :( i will miss California and all that comes with it . 
BACK 
some people post stupid shit . 
I love the beginning of \Brass Monkey\ " by the Beastie Boys . " 
And now \Such Great Heights\ " by the postal service " 
And Buffalo Soldier ... okay i'll stop now . 
I hate that when this job pisses me off , im still pissed off when i get out of there !! 
is going camping !! 
got back from camping today and came home to my cousin being my new roomie and a brand new laptop !! 
I recycle ! 
Come here three day weekend !! 
If you fall for me , im not easy to please ... 
La Vics ! 
I enjoy people watching , i also enjoy watching people who are people watching . 
I should stop using fowl language , damn it . 
Just got home from work . Long nite :( 
What if .... 
Why can't people be more like me ? 
Alright , people . DONT talk to me when im on break ! 
Impress me . 
Just got up and out of bed . 
Im huunnggrryy 
@ Smoke This Hookah Lounge with muh girls <3 
Now @ Britannia arms on almaden 
Something exciting happen PLEASE ... 
tryin to get things together for school , sooo much work , especially if you dont remember all your passwords and ID's .. 
Had a great karaoke nite with some cheesecakers <3 
Please get out of my life ! 
Im just laying in bed .... and im sweating . I cant sleep in this weather !! 
SO ready for tomorrow nite ! <3 
In the city <3 
Countin down the days ... 
So much frustration and irritation over the past 6 months and now a new medical < PROPMALE > for $1135.07 . I hate my life right now . Just waiting for the big day ... 
Smile like you mean it 
Rudys tonite ! 
Got a new way to shoo the flies away .. \im spoken for\ " -thanks < PROPFEMALE >!" 
FINALLY ! my day off has arrived .... gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with the cousins and you know when we're together , we're up to no good :) 
Ready to make some money . 
home . time to relax . 
OKAY . Tomorrow I have the day off and I will be productive ... 
whats on my mind . drugs that is what is beeeezzyyyyy facebook 
School thennnn the city tonite ! 
Just waiting ... 
sick , so im missing school . which i hate cause i miss so much information !! 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > Perez and < PROPFIRST > Quintanilla your modern day chic hippies <3 
SFbound <3 
work today , wish i could go to the castro street fair :( 
looking up dinner recipes for tonite . gonna clean and maaaaybe do some laundry . oh and homework . 
school . all . day . then a nap . 
I confuse myself . I love being single , but i dont want to be alone . wtf ? 
< PROPMALE > and Busters tonite ! 
< PROPFIRST > Quintanilla Dinner was a success ! Was not expecting to feed 10 people . The more the merrier ! 
I've been living in California on my own for a little over three years now .... crazy . Time flies when you're having fun ! <3 
Money may not buy happiness , but it pays for everything else ....... well maybe some happiness 
I have a slight insomnia problem . Cant fall asleep till after 2 AM at the earliest ... lastnite didnt fall asleep till 330 and now i slept in and missed my alarm for school this morning .. shit . 
giants or rangers .... idk who to cheer for !!! 
Its all about confidence ... 
I GIVE UP !!!! YOU WIN < PROPFIRST > !!! 
yo quiero < PROPFEMALE > porro ! 
Spookfest was amaaaazing . too worn out to go out tonite . <3 
uggghhhh . i hate my polysci class . i dont get this shit . 
craziness 
< PROPFIRST > is awesome 
< PROPFIRST > Trevino is so much smarter and cooler then me 
I find it hilarious that ive done this multiple times- looking for my phone to check the time and getting really frustrated that i cant find it , when im talking on it . 
This abnormal psychology class makes me think theres a lot of things wrong with me ... 
Swear to God , we've been at this light for 20 < PROPFEMALE > with with a redlight then 2 trains and another redlight . 
I need money . Real bad . 
:) its all good .... except for work . when is the serious money coming in !? 
aaaahhhh it sooo early and yet .... im ti[syyy 
We're gonna rock down to Electric Avenue ! 
I know it's easy to imagine but it's easier to just do\ 
See , if you can't do what you imagine , then what is imagination to you ? \ 
Just a waste of space in your brain , to take the place of hate , or things all the same\ 
Tell me your secrets , the things that make you tick\ 
I like when you talk because your voice is angel-ess , ay :) 
raspberry vodka and pomegranite lemonade <3 
this whole number shit is retarded 
I'm thinking about what age I should start lying about my age .. 
ah shiieettt .... i gotta feeling .. 
Saw a church with a sign above their name\Google cant satisfy every search . \ " lol " 
I think I can , I think I can , I think I can ... 
i munch carpet 
At Oakridge mall . 
Packing for Texas :) I always get such anxiety before I go . 
2 days till i go back to the west coast ! 
A 4 hour and 40 minute plane from < PROPMALE > to sfo .... 
I think its past my bedtime ... 
Watching Mars Attacks ! 
fuckin irritated ! 
Alright . Gotta get this shit together ! 
< PROPFIRST > Quintanilla - \Do you want to watch some funny shit ? \ " \ 
I'm the kind of person that if you piss me off ....... DONT talk to me . I'll get over it , just leave me alone for a while .... 
I always see things move out of the corner of my eye .... or hear my name .... ghosts ?? 
Haven't had a cold like this is some time :( forgot what it felt like to be sick . 
mmmm white mocha <3 Thank You < PROPFIRST > Quintanilla for working at starbucks and bringing me free coffee ! 
I guess you cant be friends with everybody .. 
Day trip to the city :) 
If you want to be with me , theres some things you got to know . I like my beats fast and my bass down low <3 old song but love the new remix . 
a friday nite off work ? whhhaat ! 
drunk from lastnite . going to school . McDonalds breakfast sounds delicious right now . 
Home alone .... with no damn internet . 
And goodnite . 
I want to go to the beach tomorrow ! whos in !? 
