A New Year spent wit good people , tried new traditions , and learned alotta new things too ;) lol 

Hmm 3 months and counting ..... 
im runnin dis town tonite 
WHO THINKS ERIS IS A CUTE BOY NAME ??? 
Why is it that guys cheat and expect you to turn a blind eye ? Is it that they are never satisfied ? The bad ones always ruin it for the good ones . 
My new home is great . Great things to see .... Good people to meet ..... :P lol im slo 
OMG I FEEL SO HORRIBLE !!! I think i have swine flu . EWWW so i may not be going to skool tomorrow lol 
Hmmm skool was good kinda considerin my condition . I actually made friends wit dis guys sister ........ 
What is up wit wakin up knowin u gon have a horrible day ?? Dat was yesterday i had a ok day today 
No he not gonna tie me down 
Love is just a word . Its the feelings behind it that cause fear . 
All caked up wit my sexy man ... AGain 
All caked up wit my man ..... AGAIN but hit me up 573.353.2982 
YAY 22 more days till the birthday 
18 more days till my extra special surprise ;) 
Suck my clip , swallow my bullets and dont u spit EWWW- lol dats my song rite there 
DAMN how ya girl turn so black ?? 
AYE DA BIRTHDAY IN 8 DAYS Toria Tijerina IN 9 !!! SWEET 16 !!!! YEEEAAAA BUDDIE !!!!!! lol 
MONKEY SEE MONKEY DO YALL KNO DA NASTY LIL HOE YALL GON HELP ME BEAT TOO !! 
OMG !!! ITS SO HORRIBLE !!! MOOKIE HAS SWINE FLU !! We was togetha like 4eva ...... WHAT IF I GET IT * GASP * lol lemme calm my lil happy ass down . I told him to come dis weekend befo im banned frm seein him lol 
OMG !!! ITS SO HORRIBLE !!! MOOKIE HAS SWINE FLU !! We was togetha like 4eva ...... WHAT IF I GET IT * GASP * lol lemme calm my lil happy ass down . I told him to come dis weekend befo im banned frm seein him lol ..... txt im bored 
So happy ! Mookie all better and commin dis weekend . Hmm ...... 
WHOS BETTA ? A . TRINA or B . NICKI MINAJ 
Movies tanite .... gonna go wit all my nigga lol 
Anotha day at church learned about Love ..... \One who gives Love is one who wants it in return . \ " Wheres mine ? " 
Dont u jus hate it when your BF jus says wat he want ? U swear he be Bipolar cuz one minute he all sweet or wateva den da next he actin brand new . Hurts tho .... real bad . He there likin someone else ..... dat dont feel good 
Omg idk wat do 
I partied partied partied and I aint wasted lol 
Grades today omgeeeezy lol 
LIFE HAS ITS UPS AND DOWNS AND RIGHT AND LEFTS . THROUGH IT ALL JUS KEEP YOUR HEAD UP AND KNOW THAT THERE IS SOMEONE OUT THERE THAT HAS YOUR BACK AND EVEN IF YALL HAVE ARGUMENTS AND FIGHTS , THROUGH IT ALL THE LOVE IS STILL THERE . DONT FORGET IT 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! If u Jewish u kinda < PROPFIRST > huh 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!! If u Jewish kinda < PROPFIRST > huh lol 
GOSH !!!!!...... guys are jus soooooo slo i swear . especially the cute ones lol . AND THEY SO NOSEY !!! lol i still love em though ...... 1 above all though 
GOSH !!!!!...... guys are jus soooooo slo i swear . especially the cute ones lol . AND THEY SO NOSEY AND COMPLICATED !!! lol i still love em though ...... 1 above all 
PEOPLE JUS BE TRYIN ME FOR NO APARENT REASON !!!! When I go off dont say nuthin cuz u brought it upon your own self 
< PROPMALE > D < PROPFIRST > said < PROPFIRST > Mcfadden and me can bite him lol .............. neva dat < PROPMALE > 
Gosh life is so complicated . It was better back when i had a flat chest and didnt think eating a banana is nasty ....... lol jk u get to do better things now ;) ...... but life is still complicated 
Riddle : There are 6 eggs in a basket . 6 people come and each take 1 egg . There is 1 egg left in the basket ....... WHY !? 
Riddle Remix : There's a black man standing in the middle of an intersection wearing a black mask , black boots , a black coat and a black hat . The surrounding buildings are black , all the street lights are broken , and theres no < PROPFEMALE > out . A black car is speeding toward the man and its headlights are broken . Just as the car is about to hit the man it swerves avoids the man and continues driving ............. WHY ?! 
Gosh Black people just know how to ruin it !!! Lol I'm not naming any names < PROPFIRST > Mcfadden lol 
African Americans mixed with other stuff know just how to ruin it !!! I'm not naming names < PROPFIRST > Mcfadden lol 
* sigh * Life gave me lemons to make lemonade ....... but im all outta sugar 
One of the guys in my Honors Chem class came in made fun of my teacher and said GNR ......... he's Mexican lol 
He's nice , he know how to talk to me , he know what i want ....... but i cant be interested 
< PROPFIRST > Cline and me was talking last night and i swear she so freakin slo lol . Half the things she say she barely remember . BUUUUUUT she helped me with a problem i was having ANYWAY ..... 
Ever been in a situation where u know how u supposed to feel but the feeling just dont come ? Thats how i feel right now and i dont know what in hell im supposed to do ......... 
........ I'm not cut out for this kind of stuff anymore . 1 thing at a time . 
I really do hate being lied to . I also hate when stuff like this pops off . If you're honest in the beginning stay honest the whole time . It isn't too much to ask . And if i ask something i expect and an honest and true answer . None of that beating around the bush sh*t . 
When the relationship becomes more than two people more problems occur and then when u and the one you love are fighting the other people who kno can make it ten times worse and make the fight about something that it didnt start off to be . 
When the relationship becomes more than two people more problems occur and then when u and the one you love are fighting . The other people who kno can make it ten times worse and make the fight about something that it didnt start off to be . And next thing u know u pissed like hell . 
Its the times when u feel as if u don't have complete control of your life that your true friends come out . They may f*ck u over ....... or the console u and help u work through it . < PROPFIRST > Cline , Nahiemah Greenland- Hoilett , < PROPFEMALE > Frazier , < PROPFIRST > GoinDuffiie Redmond , and the new man Arvinder thanks guys . * WISE MOMENT * Pick your friends , don't let them pick u . 
Its the times when u feel like u dont have a say on your life that your true friends come out . They may f*ck u over ... or they console u and help u through it . < PROPFIRST > Cline Nahiemah Greenland- Hoilett < PROPFEMALE > Frazier < PROPFIRST > GoinDuffiie Redmond < PROPFIRST > Mcfadden and Arvinder thanks guys . * WISE MOMENT * Pick your friends dont let them pick u . 
Omg I feel horrible and hell of confused lol . WTH is this coming to UUUGH life lol . 
Ugh I'm gonna be a nun when i grow up . Lol be with a bunch of girls niggaz dont want ..... im gonna have to sneak out a lot lol 
Texting Mr. A . He says hi to < PROPFIRST > Cline . lol . BOOOOOOOORED 
I like him 1 minute then the next he getting on my nerves !!! He sweet and nice 1 minute the switch it up the next . I love him sooo much then the next its the only thing that has me holding on . WTF IS THIS A MOVIE ??? Gosh ...... playing with my emotions and crap UGH 
Plans : PARTY !!!!!!! Theme : Short Dress Outfit : TOO DAMN CUTE lol . Planning to go with Sheneka < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Lol . I must prepare !!! 
DAAAAAAAAMN dat party was too good lol . They had a bad B **** twerkin on them and they didnt know how to handle it . Getting drunk off me and crap lol . OmG im tired 
Time for round 2 . Party again at < PROPMALE > Tut's Lounge . Not so much dancing tonight my legs still sore :( SOOOOOOO Gonna go start getting dressed . Mood : Twerking , Dress : Too Sexy 
Oh My Gosh . My freakin back is still killing me . It hurts right along with my legs . Lol who knew dancing like that for 2 hours straight does that ?? Anyway tiiired gonna go hit up the best < PROPMALE > <333 
Oh My Gosh . My freakin back is still killing me . It hurts right along with my legs . Lol who knew dancing like that for 2 hours straight does that ?? I had some very lovely words with people i consider quite important to me last night 
HOOOME !!! Why : Sick With What : I DONT EVEN KNOW . I know i dont feel ok soooo im just going to stay home . Still there are people to talk to =) Mood : Ew 
Oh my gosh . Idk what im supposed to do . Im not going to blow it out of proportion though . Im just going to let them think im dumb . Something im not . Couldnt be told i guess but its all good . I see where i stand now ........ 
Oh My Gosh . I say one thing but it gets interpreted a different way . SORRY ok ? I'll put the whole story on here so everyone will know what im talking about . Mood : Very Confused 
The love u get can always change . But the love u give will forever be the same . I think theres some cliche : Love Hard , Fall harder(I think i just made it up lol ) . It may be true it may not . Just depends on the circumstances i guess ........ 
Why were love songs invented ? To make people going through heartache to feel even worst . Thats why i just laugh when they come on(HAHAHA ) . Hey dont get me wrong they're ok or whatever but i prefer fast songs . Much better to dance to and always pick up your mood . ( Yea i realize i talk in metaphors lol ) 
UUUUGH Basketball players !!!! So sexy yet know exactly how to play with people emotions . Lol i hear being a bitch and rude works . Hmmm might try that out lol ...... Anyway feeling higher than cloud 9 right about now even if its raining lol . Cant get any better than this !!! 
Wow what a weekend . Rip the Runway tonight . AAAAAANNND gotta hit up my man . He too sexy with his high yellow ass lol . It seem like we been together for freakin ever buuut nah its only been[everyone knows how long it takes for me to claim someone ) . Maybe hes what i been waiting for ..... we'll see its only been so long 
He makes me feel special everytime i talk to him . I wonder how i managed to get this far without him . I cant say i love him cuz hey i think its too early to be telling him all that and im not even sure if thats what it is . But i do know i care about him ...... 
It seems like we been together forever but it hasnt . Oddly we have no problems and we're always on the same < PROPFEMALE > . It feels great to be in a good relationship that doesnt feel one sided , or like a waste of time , or w/e . Maybe it'll work out and i wont be blindsided by no bullsh*t . 
Lol i find it < PROPFEMALE > funny how girls wanna act so hard and crap and then next thing u know they being all scared . Like forreal ? Im not that scary ..... am i ? I was strong people like those girls just make me stronger . * IMB * Blah Blah Blah ice cream is so good . I see why God made it . Its like a freaking addiction lol 
Its weird after how after all this time i can still feel the same way . Distance doesnt do anything but mask the feelings cuz evidently when ever that distance is crossed everything comes rushing back . * IMB * Pool pool pool lol . but its so dang hot outside uuuugh . time for a haircut maybe . 
UUUUGH . Everything was fine as a new swimsuit to go to SoBe(South Beach for the dummies lol ) until someone just had to ruin it . Fml i got the biggest freakin headache ever . Good thing spring break start tomorrow . * plans * Daytona then SoBe YAAAAy . Hopefully its good and people dont try to jump stupid . Its spring break for crying out loud . 
U know what i hate ? When people cant mix friends . They talking to one and completely forgets about the other . Then when the other leaves they wanna be all < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > again . UUUGGGHHH . Just came from the pool with Sheneka < PROPFIRST > and company . I had fun ...... i guess 
* siiiggghhh * What he does is so weird . He just gotta say one thing to make me feel them butterflies . Its been a long time and is till feel the same i felt the first time we got together . I know im jinxing it by waiting for it to fall apart but ...... i think this really is different this time and maybe ... just maybe i wont get hurt this time . I know he feels the same about me too which just makes it even better !!! 
Lol just went swimming at 10 at night . WHO DOES THAT ..... oh wait i do lol . It was fun stuff though . Course i didnt get my hair wet so i dont have to wash it !!! Everybody and the momma momma was outside kicking it . SOOOME people just couldnt be there but oooh well . Good day , even BETTER night as usual .... i need a night < PROPMALE > . 
This weekend did not go as planned AT ALL . I was supposed to go see someone and then stupid crap just gotta happen . Im going to GA in June so it doesnt even matter . I hope people dont be too mad at me cuz of things i cant control . . . 
AHHHH !!! Giving blood to those poor people who cant get any . 
I hate when people mad at me . I cant help some of the stuff that happen . I do however wish that people talk to me and dont stay mad . ANYWAY gave blood today and my arm STILL hurts . It was all worth it . One of the best most meaningful experiences of my life . 
B POSITIVE !!! THATS MISS NIECY FRIENDS !! lol positive its HIV negative hoes . lol im a trip . But yea i got that good blood right there . Everybody want a piece of that lol 
Its official . Going this weekend . =) Cant wait . Long ass drive though . Time to hit up that library . UPDATE : Took me 3 days to read 700 pages . So proud . I have been violating dress code for the past 5 days lol . Just realized ; wanna hit up a party but im leaving =( . . . then again i dont want my thighs to be all hella sore again . Gosh FML . 
: '' ( 
This is a new kind of depression . . . . 
The word B.A.R.B.I.E.S means Broke . Ass . Ridiculous . Bitch . Imitating . Everyones . Swagg . \ 
so go on , be a < PROPFEMALE > now =) ... only sad people wanna be one . . . . is that u ? 
U know whats funny ? When stupid girls wanna act all fake and start complaining about the same stuff they be doing to other people . And they claim things and emotions that dont even seem practical . But hey its their life . . . made for my entertainment . All i gotta do is sit back , watch theyre fake asses and laugh . < PROPFEMALE > is a B*tch . 
Me and Sheneka and an AHmazing day lol . From being dumb as hell at 7 A.M. to HER being lazy at 6 . Made the best virgin margaritas and chilled like ice cream ( yummy lol ) . Tomorrow = EVEN BETTER . . . . hopefully lol . Quote of the day : Temptation is a B*tch . ( iNSiDER ) 
Lol had the best night ever !!! Well the whole day was great actually . . . . . Even the last part lol . Chilled with Sheneka < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Rivera And Sabastion fat ass lol . Supposed to be going swimming again tonight . Hope fully better than last . . . . 
Now u know they mad cuz the Lakers gonna lose lmao . Whooo . Channing Frye . Stupid Kobe . WHO WANNA FIGHT ABOUT IT ?! 
THE CELTICS GOT THIS !!! Magics can take they 1 and shove it down their throat . And1 !! So in other words the Magics gonna lose lol 
At a Carribean Festival . Damn these people know how to have a good time . Im about to follow suit !! 
Celtics got this !! No worries 
Had a great day yesterday . Made me tired as hell but still fun . Game tonight . Everyone knows whos going to win * whisper * Celtics duh lol 
Im psychic and i see . . . . the Celtics with this win hahahahaha dumb Lakers . 
Wth is going on with the Celtics tonight ?! Like damn get it together ! 
im gonna kill Devonte Gaskin WHERE THE HELL A MY SKITTLES BOY !! They better be the Crazy Cores one . Thats my favorite . OOOOOr there will be consequences ( insert evil laugh here ] < LOl i crack myself up when i put that * sigh * 
K people call me dumb cuz i say dumb things as we all know lol . SsOOoo I made up this new phrase . \Once u go black u never go back . . . . but when u start black u go everywhere . \ " lol But anyway to more important things . I finished my new book today and got all kinda crap for it . Im not gonna say im not cuz truth be told i am . But FYI i dont need u to tell me what i am . . . i already know . THANKS =) <3 " 
Ahhh . Last week ? Quite crazy missing people like crazy lol . This week ? Gonna be better . Gonna get my new game and getting ready to go back to < PROPMALE > . . . . maybe . HMU !! <3 Quote of the week : U call it being a freak . . . . . . I call it being my self =) 
At the STL Zoo with the familia uno . Im missing familia dos like crazy . Going to see how everything turns out . . . . 
Just went on Evil Knevil at 6 Flags in the < PROPFIRST > . Fun as hell !!! 
Going skinny dipping =P fun stuff lol . 
My poor eye is swollen shut . Just my luck =( 
Lol its hilarious watching a < PROPFEMALE > pee on your best friend . Lmfao 
Went to CoMo and i swear i see the same people all over ... but for some i don't mind ;) . Going to the Fair tonight with best friends < PROPFIRST > and Nahiemah hopefully 
< PROPMALE > Epps is one of the sexiest black men alive . I just cant get over it lol 
Mind Hunters is one of the best movies ever created . I swear it had me guessing wrong and ish but still on the edge of my other seat . Ahhh finally a good movie 
BGC Season 5 is the best yet !! Ahhh greatness 
A Good Day To Be Sexy & Black is one of the craziest inspirational movies I have ever seen . Lol when you see it ( or if you've seen it ) , you will come telling me some ish like wtf is wrong with you and i will tell you straight up . . . . . . I'm f-ed up lol 
Omg had the scariest dream of my life !!! 
Stupid shots . Uuuuuuugh my arm !!!! 
My work is a handful =/ . Jeez 
On my way to the < PROPFIRST > !! Ahhh so excited !! < PROPFIRST > next you bettah listen when i seh someting ! * sigh * LmL 
I love this < PROPFEMALE > city . Its so beautiful . Fake beach and all lol . Im moving here for sure . Who comming !! 
Dress code is too flipping ridiculous and these teachers so damn stupid . Old hags 
Ahhhhh great weekend . < PROPFIRST > Cline and i were wild n out !!! (YOU BETTER COME OVER THIS WEEKEND ) Game , Six Flags , Homecoming . Sheesh It was well deserved and worth it . ENCORE ENCORE !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > skate party is the shit right about now . Commin back next year just fah dis !!. Busy weekend =/ 
Swings are good for hard weeks 
Just got done bowling !!! Lol ( insider ) 
Its times like these when you know who your real friends are . Them fake ones that pretend aint worth a thing when you really need somebody 
LESBIANISM IS THE WAY TO GO !!!! 
Lol When hoes be trying to get all close after they done did you wrong the best thing to do is sit back and L A U G H . Cuz when it comes right down to it , they were never your friend to begin with . . . . they was just using you . Well heres what i got to say . Im R I C H Bitch . -He Makes Me Happy- 
I hate when people be making decisions for me . If I don't want something I will tell you if I do it's the same thang . People just do things not even taking into consideration what I want . I hate that stuff . I understand if it's a bad idea but don't you think it's my decision to make ? 
I LOVE bowling !!!! 
Following in Ruphinas footprints . * sigh * 
I feel like complete crap . I just wanna lay in my bed and never ever have to move . I hate missing people :'( 
OMG THIS ICE AINT NO JOKE LMFAO . < PROPFIRST > I FREAKIN LOVE YOU !!! 
Cavities aint no joke ! 
Way beyond tender-headed at this point . Aint no way im going Au Natural . 
