Just browsing around and seeing what I've missed 

Heading out . Have a great night 
Therapy is expensive , poppin ' bubble wrap is cheap ! :P 
Laters 
I hate playing the waiting game . 
Just plead the Fifth -- or drink it -- either way . 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!! 
such a hottie !!!! 
Going to my first Dr. appointment today . So excited ! :D 
Well , it's official . I'm 13 weeks pregnant :) 
Gonna try to go back to school . Wish me luck 
So , tomorrow is my second Dr. Appointment . Hope it goes better than the first one . Also gonna apply for school . Digital Media Design :D Much more my thing than drafting turned out to be . 
The appointment went well yesterday . Got to hear the heartbeat :) Also have most of my applications filled out for school and took a tour of my department . So excited ! Had to get both the flu shots yesterday so today I've been feeling icky though . 
In need of a good outlet . Something like a journal but one that I can get feedback and suggestions . Like a blog but anonymous . Any suggestions ? 
Way too early and missing my coffee 
Been a long boring day . Should be busy with stuff around the house but I'd rather be doing something else 
Pix , pix , whose got some pix ? * giggle * Looking for any of my friends who have pix of us hanging out , being crazy , doing what we do or whatever else ya might have and want to share . 
Was surprised to wake up this morning with my guy cleaning house :O It's not even my birthday or anything lol 
So many unanswered questions running through my head . Wish I could just turn my brain off for a while 
Finally starting to feel a little more like myself again . Forgot how much pregnancy screws with your emotions 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give u a baby . Give her a house , she will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her a smile , she will give u her heart . She multiplies & enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ;) Real women keep this going ..? 
Passed the tests today :) 
So not ready for this week to start 
Today went pretty well although I had to change one class due to schedule issues . So far the work load sounds okay so I'm feeling a little less overwhelmed about adding more changes . This one actually seems to be a positive one that's helping to offset some of the negative ones . 
Nothing annoys me more than when an instructor doesn't explain what they expect 
So sleepy .... Zzzzzzzzzz 
Luv that the kids are old enough to start helping around the house now . Makes life so much easier 
Just had my ultrasound and it's a boy !!!! 
I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately \ 
most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and \ 
outspoken . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to \ 
handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you certainly don't \ 
deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status 
getting to bed before midnight :D amazing 
Really wishing I had a car right now 
Why does the answer \nothing\ " bother me so much grrrrr " 
true\ 
friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question\ 
their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just \ 
spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway \ 
they live ... REPOST \IF\ " You are lucky enough to have at least one ...... \ 
Anyone can be a father ... it takes someone special to be a daddy . Happy\ 
Father's Day !!! 
Feeling so down lately . I have 101 things to do and can't get motivated to finish a single one of them . Or maybe it's just to overwhelmed to know where to start . 
Why is it that every time you start to see the silver lining , clouds have to roll in and it starts to rain ? 
Had my 2nd ultrasound today . Caught him sucking his thumb and stretching this time :) 
Can't wait for this semester to be over with . My work load is killing me and at least next semester the only person I'll have to count on with classes is me . Don't know why but it seems like the majority of Texans are complete a**holes . This of course does not apply to any of my friends . You guys are awesome and hopefully you know that . 
?? I'm off to see the wizard ...?? 
What a long day . Glad to finally be home and relaxing . 
Just got back from the water park . The girls had a blast . 
Needing a break from a few things . Wish I could just hop in my car and drive for a few hours with the music blaring 
Actually got some things accomplished today . Feels good to finally not have so much to worry about 
Have my appt in < PROPFIRST > today . Hope everything turns out to be fine . In the regular ultrasounds he seems healthy and active and he's very active every day so I have high hopes . 
Got back fro < PROPFIRST > a few hours ago and everything is fine . I really need a new doctors office . This one reminded me of how a real one works , unlike Waco health care . 
Kids can be so cruel . Love feeling wanted . :( 
So sleepy 
My animation clip is finally complete and came out so cool . Working on uploading into YouTube now . So excited . 
Grrr ... what an annoying day already . Walked to class today only to find no class . I've got so much work to do and so little time to do . This class has already been the biggest pain in the butt between going through 2 groups who don't want to do any work and having to do everything myself , then having so many Dr. appts at the same time . Working my butt off for a class I'm probably going to fail anyway . 
Been a long rough day for everyone today . Must be something in the air . To all my friends going through a rough patch , just remember it can't rain forever . {{{ Hugs }}} 
Taking a very short break b4 I do this paper for tonight's class . Been a pretty good day , still have a pile of work to do by Monday but slowly and surely it's getting done . Could really use a long back rub . Braxton Hicks are a real pain . 
Not feeling great today . Hoping a long shower helps 
Out of class yay ! Time to get my 5 drawings finished up . Saving everything else for another day . Luv deadlines ... not :) 
Well it's been a busy day . Had my baby shower ( the first and only one I'll have ) and it was awesome . Tiggy is the most amazing friend a girl could ask for :D 
Grrrrrr !!! 
I feel like I haven't slept in days . Getting too uncomfortable to sleep and the heartburn is a b*tch . 
I feel lazy but so much better . Been asleep for the past 3 1/2 hours . And I got some good news this afternoon ... if we can come up with the money , the house is ours :D 
I love my Bear ! Let me sleep in this morning while he got the girls ready and sent off to church . Sleep has been so hard lately so it was nice to get a < PROPMALE > to get a little extra 
Tonight's turning into one of those sleepless nights :( Wish I could just stop thinking for a while . Stop worrying and feeling so helpless about a past I can never change . 
Finally finished with all my classes . Now I just have to wait to see what grades I end up with . 
Just got back from school shopping and getting some stuff for when the baby arrives . Damn I'm tired 
At\ 
the age of 4 : Mom knows everything . At 8 , Mom knows alot . At 12 , \ 
Momreally doesnt know everything . At 14 , Mom doesnt know anything . At \ 
16 , Mom doesnt exist . At 18 , mom is old fashioned . At 25 , maybe mom does\ 
know about this . At 35 , before we decide , lets ask mom . At 45 , I wonder\ 
... what mom thinks about this ? At 75 ,... I ... wish I could ask mom \ 
about this .... Post if u have the best mom in the world 
I feel accomplished already this morning . Got my appointment changed to the day and time I was hoping . Not that big of an accomplishment normally but with this Dr. office it's amazing when anything goes the way it should . Never been to one that was this bad before and I've moved enough to have experienced all types of service . If this weren't my third child I'd be scared sh*tless about having this baby . No joke 
Had fun with Tiggy painting the belly last night . Pix to come :D 
Pix are posted :) Time for me to take a little nap but I'll be back later so leave some comments . 
Homework with the kids then dishes whoohoo 
Finally got my math program to load properly . These distance learning classes will go just fine if I can ever stop fighting with my computer . 
Last night we had to take my daughter to the er over a bump on the head . She was fine but since it happened at the skating rink it was a precaution they suggested we take . I had been working on my first assignment in math b4 we left and wasn't able to finish it until late . Exactly 42min late .... got a 70 when it would have been a 90 grrrrr . 
Felt awful yesterday and ended up sleeping most of the day away . So far feeling at lot better so hopefully I'll be able to get some things accomplished . 
Getting sick sucks and the timing isn't so great either . Was supposed to be out of town for the weekend having fun with friends and instead we're all stuck at the house . 
\The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates . \ " \ 
Due in 2 days and getting anxious !!! Can't wait to hold our little man !!! 
Well he's still keeping us waiting . The way things were going Friday , thought for sure we'd have him . 
Well , our little bear finally made it on the 28th . We're in the hospital right now and hopefully will both be able to go home this weekend . :D 
With any luck Esbjorn will be going home with us tomorrow . Tonight is\ 
the first night I've been able to keep him with me and I'm loving it . :) 
Everything is looking good for being able to bring our little man home today . Should know for sure by noon . 
We're going home :D I'm so ready , you have no idea . Feel like I could sleep for weeks . 
We're home and E . J . ' s getting acquainted with the house everyone . It's so much fun watching the boys bond . 
Having phone issues so if you've been trying to get ahold of me , just send a message on here . 
While you SCREAM\ 
at your woman , there's a man wishing he couldtalk softly in her\ 
ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting\ 
with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your\ 
woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make\ 
... your women CRY there's a man stealing ... smiles from her . ~ Post this on\ 
your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
Needs some cheering up . Anyone have any good jokes or links they wanna send ? 
:( 
Your\ 
son will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold your \ 
heart for a lifetime . It's \Son's Week\ " . If you have a son who makes you\ 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be\ 
no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a \ 
campaign to STOP CHILD ABUSE !! 
Why doesn't anyone at this school post grades in a reasonable amount of time ? It's so frustrating sometimes . grrrr 
Feeling like crap today ugh . Need a bowl of soup , hot tea and to curl up on the couch under a warm blanket . 
Watching the eclipse with Tiggy , < PROPFIRST > , & < PROPFEMALE > . So awesome with great friends around . 
Just received the best birthday present ever . I'm engaged !!!!! 
EJ rolled over by himself for the first time !!!! 
No sleep for me tonight ..... yay :( 
Managed a whopping one and a half hours of sleep tonight .... go me lol 
I can't take it anymore !!!!!!! I need a Real break ... and some REAL sleep ..., before I lose my freakin ' mind 
time to get ready for class .... yay ... 
Have you ever been sick of being you ? I'm having one of those days . 
Getting ready for a day of packing then class then more packing :D 
To write with a broken pencil is pointless 
Picking up the key today ! :D 
Moving today !!! But I have classes most of the day :( Thankfully I have an awesome guy to work on it while I'm gone . 
So yesterday didn't go completely as planned but the weather is nicer than they said it would be so we should be able to finish moving in today . :) 
