Where's hope when misery keeps crawling ? 

got my hair did 
is so happy for my cousin and his wife for the birth of their baby =) 
Arbys ... RBs ... Roast BEEF .. JUST FIGURED THAT OUT . 
I love how one minute someone is there for me forever , then they pretend they don't know me .. 
Comment me a color ! BLACK -i h ? te you . PINK -i f ? ncy you . PURPLE -i would d ? te you . BLUE -i did love you . RED -i do love you . SILVER -we ? re close . GOLD -i like you . GREEN -i will ? lw ? ys love you . ORANGE -i think you’re sexy . YELLOW -you’re my best friend . BROWN -you’re funny . Put this ? s your st ? tus and see wh ? t colours you get ! \ 
\ 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
getting my senior pictures done wednesday =) 
at < PROPFEMALE>'s chillin . it's cool ... 
hey < PROPFEMALE > Quiroa stop creepin on my posts ;) 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
might be getting a dachsund =) 
Don't pictures of shiny fruit make you smile ? 
watching titanic with grandma 
like if you love me . 
I don't know myself .. 
feels like someone just kicked my stomach . I wasn't expecting that . 
who doesn't love penguins ... 
What should I DO before 2011 ends 
wow , why did I get gallbladder and adams apple mixed up .. 
I'm tired of trying to impress people that tell me I'm inevitably going to be a loser ... 
gonna go play me some The Sims 3 
Wow come on cards . Boo :/ 
i love it when the birds sing =) 
school , hospital , then gym . text it . 
I need someone to cry on . 
WHAM ! BAM ! THANK YOU MA'AM! 
what did the dentist go to the north pole ... molar bear HAHAHAHA 
up to northern kentucky for the day . gonna visit my cousin and check out campus . text ? thanksbye 
NKU was great . I am scared , but looking forward to it =) 
See i haven't been to space before , but I ain't seen a face like yours . 
love with my mind because it's my heart that has me here . 
anybody have movie reccomendations ? 
I just drank lemonade and my legs are cold 0.0 
watching Listen to Your Heart 
My mind went to a really scary place last night . Live every day like it's your last . That's what I'm here to do . 
managed to fight the battle of my cars anti-freeze 
really wants a 64 gb itouch =) 
excited for the weekend . =D I am starting to believe he does things for a reason . 
It was good to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > yesterday =) 
Am I weird ?.. or do ti t-t acs seem to taste of vanilla before mint ? 
Cyber-bullying .. not fun =/ 
so I should've stayed in a mental hospital and you're sorry but you can't be friends with an ugly psycho girl like me .. * his name is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Deckel . This lovely asswipe * 
you just shot yourself in the foot . haha 
Almost done settling in . Good storm =) 
You're so hypnotizing . Could you be the devil ? Could you be an angel ? 
kaseyquiroa@hotmail.com = my email address 
just ate red tuna and salmon\ 
sushi 
Make sure to tell her she is beautiful everyday . That way , she will begin to believe it . 
had a good night last night on my date =) 
