Haven't seen too much of E3 , though the MGS3 on 3ds looked really good . Anyone else see things they really liked ? 

Just plays some songs on my clarinet , felt good and felt bad . Good to relive my joy of music and the expression it allows , bad because of how awful I am at it now and how far I have to work to be even decent again . It's still there though , I'm sure . I promised one of my lab buddies that I would play something at our retreat this Saturday ... haha ... we shall see if I can't pull something through ! 
The retreat with my lab turned out really nice , especially when they weren't all talking in Chinese , haha . A lot of them were really good cooks and some of the couples brought their kids . I ended up playing a lot more than anticipated but they seemed to enjoy it all . Professor even mentioned making a band since he has some dream with the drums . hmmmmm .... 
As always , the UB fireworks were great this year . Back to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
Ok , I knew facebook apps are bad , so my expectations were pretty low , but I was at least expecting a half-decent game from the creators of inFAMOUS but no I get a game that would be sub-par even for newgrounds . I can't believe how bad there are , but then again I guess I kinda knew from the start . 
Taking GREs in a couple days . Fun test is fun ... 
Tomorrow Morning about to get destroyed by the GRE lol . 
Got back from final < PROPMALE > Potter . Was alright , but nothing really special . I didn't even read the book and it was insultingly predictable . Glad that the series is over though , maybe some more deserving fantasy novels can get movies ! 
Well now I know what it's like to spend a day working and getting absolutely nothing accomplished at all :( \ 
\ 
Going to start working on a different project tomorrow , hopefully I will be able to do more on that one . 
Man , walking anywhere in this weather , it's like being slow roasted alive . Can't wait till it's not an oven outside . 
Just got around to finishing the first portal . Started it awhile back , but never finished it . Pretty epic ending , won't spoil it for any who have yet to see it , but epic final boss is pretty epic . Hopefully I'll nab the sequel sometime soon .... no spoilers ! 
