is gonna watch almost famous 

< PROPFIRST > vedder today ! yay ! 
hanging out 
worried worried worried 
i love my ipod ! 
hendrix is pretty sick 
at a superbowl party 
being different doesnt make you weird , it frieking makes you unique 
Going to da movies 
mile marker 39 
last night was EPIC 
heading to kaanapali 
dirt biked to olowalu 
the dance was fuuun 
no matter how screwed up your dreams are , you will believe their real until you wake up 
my phone is tripping balls 
what to do today 
hold on to people their slipping away 
trying to make ends meet 
our differences just push us apart 
hoping I can do something this weekend 
last week of school !!! 
being genuine is far better than being fake 
parents gone for a week . score !!!! 
you can , spend your time alone . Redigesting past regrets . Or you can , come to terms and realize , only you can forgive yourself 
it wouldn't have worked out , anyway 
vuelve , no volvere no volvere no volvere . No quiere recordar .... No recordar 
one more day of pointless education and we are done ! 
I am going to go pee my pants and get all jubby because I just can't help myself . I'm a loser . 
3 days 
step into the unknown and let go 
in california ! 
heading out to san fransisco tomorrow 
miss them already ! 
san < PROPFIRST > 
Punks 
Wow 
Im a flaming homosexual . Karsten just hacked your account son . 
Watching scary movies 
Going to < PROPFIRST > McCartney concert 
< PROPFIRST > McCartney was amazing 
If at first you don't succeed ... call an airstrike 
In a bulletproof vest , with the windows all closed 
i saw it written and i saw it say : \Pink < PROPFEMALE > is on its way \"" 
songs bring back memories 
Ack 
If someone loves you ... Dont screw up 
To meditate on the warmest dream 
whoever made cognitive tutoring needs to climb up a really , really tall building ... and jump off , with my math teacher too 
trying to understand it 
she will rise above 
505 
turning mistakes into gold 
I wish i was the souvenir you kept your house key on 
SUBLIME ! 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes , it really means a lot to me :) 
i found an island in your arms , a country in your eyes :) 
having a solitary lifestyle makes you appreciate your family more . their all you got 
got any pink < PROPMALE > songs ? 
happiness is only real when shared 
i love music . its the best thing in the damn world 
you know , time is long , and life is short , begin to live while you still can . dont be afraid to show your love , and hold onto friends . they just seem to drift away .. 
Love ... is just made up of a single soul inhabiting two bodies 
