is wishing everyone a Happy New Year . I hope 2010 bring more happiness than 2009 . 

Tired and exhausted from stress . I need to a break . 
Someone shoot me please and get this torture over with . I never realized I was such a horrible person 
OMG they put human aborted fetus cells in vaccines for children 
Missing my baby boy bad 
I am the worst Mom ever . How could I hurt my son by putting him in the hospital . 
Having a bad week 
I am tired of the crap in my life . I just want to sleep . 
is letting go of all of it . I can not keep this sherade up any longer . 
I Hate snow I just got my power back on a few hours ago . Lost power for over 12 hour it was cold . 
is having one of those days again . :( 
I miss all my friends at 72 
I am thankful for my children 
Today I am thankful the day is ending . 
today I thankful for deep breaths 
Today I am thankful for schoo . 
is thankful for hot baths 
is thankful for not being an adict 
is thankful for friends 
is thankful phones not ringing 
Happy Thanksgiving 
is hoping all have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Happy New Year ! 
has started therapy but the therapist will need a therapist when I am done . 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!! 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? I pray for the cure of cancer .? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ? 4 just one hour 
I LOVE MY MOM ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > 
therapy was hard today . I do not knkow if I keep this up . I need to cahnge things in my life and not sure what to change . I know I miss working at 72 . 
The Urban dictionary say < PROPFEMALE > is a person with the best personality , also very quick witted and very smart . Everyone should get to meet her at least once . 
?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER(S ) ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? 
My body is not perfect but I nurtured a baby and I'm proud ! Too bad we dont look perfect but every < PROPFIRST > , every line , and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them . Having a baby is no easy task , we are strong , we are brave and we should be proud of ourselves . Put this as your status if you're a proud mom .? ? 
JUST ONE HOUR OF YOUR DAY ...... If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of the Free !! ? 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she has gone to be with the Lord , copy and paste this with her name : ? < PROPFEMALE > ? I Love you Mom !!! 
Sons and daughters outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? AWSOME ? children ? in the ? world !!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting a new Tattoo tomrrow 
It's daughter week !!! If you have one daughter or more who makes your life interesting and fun , and are a blessing in your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without our beautiful girls . ? In honor of my daughters , my friends , my pride and joy !!! 
MEN ARE ASSHOLES AND HAVE CONCERATION HOW A WOMAN FEELS EVER . MEN ARE DOGS AND EXSPECT WOMEN TO BOW DOWN TO THEM . WELL I HAVE NEWS FOR MEN I AM NUMB TO YOU AND YOUR GAMES . MY HEART IS CLOSED FOREVER 
I am missing my little monkey bug . :( 
missin my little monkey bug . 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself ! " 
Ok I admit it I'm a bitch !!!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this ... I make mistakes , I'm out of control , I'm emotional , and at times I'm hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best ! If you're a bitch repost this ! I dare you !!! 
I have decided to go home by the end of the year . Everyone in Syracuse I am commin home . 
VIRUS SPREADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU TUBE ' SNOPES JUST COMFIRMED IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS CALLED KOOBFACE IT WILL STEAL INFO INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN DO NOT OPEN LINK PLEASE REPOST IN YOUR STATUS 
Repost if you have someone in Heaven . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which i'll never part . God has you in his ......... arms .... I have you in my heart . Love you ! 
I wish everyone at Giant who is leaving for VA to have a safe trip and a goodtime . Now some of need to be on your behavior and do not drink to much . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT -- Edmonton , ME . A little girl , 3 years old was picked up by a man driving a grey car , license was plated Quebec 728 381 . Copy and paste this to your status . It could save that little girl This kidnapping is recent ! So do it , 3 seconds won't kill you . Spread the word !!!!! I hope everyone on my friends .. list does this !!!! What if this was your child ? 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom .... Missing you so much , Mama !! ? 
DO NOT ACCEPT ANY FRIENDSHIP INQUIRIES FROM : < PROPMALE > DREYER , MATTHIAS DAMBERGER , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > BERNEDER OR < PROPFIRST > BECKER ! THESE ARE HACKERS !!!!! THEY CAN DESTROY your HARD DISK !. PLEASE , COPY and PASTE TO YOUR WALL AND GROUPS SO THAT YOUR FRIENDS ARE PROTECTED 
is a parent , cook , housekeeper , teacher , \ 
nurse , handyperson , maid , security guard , coordinator , supervisor , \ 
manager , secretary , nutritionist , caretaker , personal assistant , \ 
chauffer , advocate , life coach , laundry maid , and a motivational speaker . \ 
I don't get holiday pay , sick pay , or days off . I am on call 24 hours a\ 
day , 7 days a week , 365 days a year . Post this if you're a MOMMY & \ 
you love it ! 
I might not be attractive or sexy , and might\ 
not have the perfect body or be beautiful ... I might not be anyone’s first\ 
choice either ... But - I'M ME ! I don't pretend to be somebody I'm not ... \ 
I Might not be proud of some of the things I’ve done .... but I’m proud\ 
of whom I AM today !! Copy this and post it to your profile if you live\ 
your life ... being you and you are proud of it ! 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't \ 
copyand paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for \ 
at leastan hour ? It's Special Education week , andthis is in honor of\ 
all thekids who need a little extra help & understanding .. we need to pass this on ... :) 
(^^^) is shark for IM NO SPACES <(\) is penguin for IM no spaces and <3 is heart for IM no spaces " 
someone try it 
:) - 
A true friend can go long periods of time without\ 
speaking and never question their friendship ~ And then pickup like\ 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST\ 
if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like that ..... I\ 
am ... 
While you SCREAM at her , there's a man \ 
wishing he could talk softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND \ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her of how\ 
wonderful she is . While you HURT her , there's a man wishing he could \ 
love her . And while you make her CRY , there's a man stealing smiles \ 
f ... rom her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic \ 
Violence 
HATES 5/16 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I will never celbrate it again 
CAN EVERYONE PLEASE STOP PLAYING THEIR GAMES FOR 2 MINUTES AND REPOST THIS ... PLEASE LIFT UP THE < PROPFIRST > LABLUE FAMILY . HE LOST 4 DAUGHTERS , AGES 2-11 IN A HOUSE FIRE LAST NIGHT . HIS 3 YEAR OLD SON AND WIFE WERE ABLE TO ESCAPE . SHE'S CURRENTLY IN ICU WITH BURNS . I DON'T KNOW THIS FAMILY , BUTI DO KNOW THAT ONLY GOD CAN HEAL THEIR LIVES NOW . PLEASE RE-POST THIS AND START A FB PRAYER CHAIN ! THANK YOU 
I hate my house 
I was scammed out of over 500.00 . Please becareful of what you recieve in the mail and believe it is a blessing think again it is a scam and know the FBI will know about the scam taking place in Central < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
Hates hiding how I feel . I miss the best friend I lost . I remember talking and laughing and now no words are spoken . I am hurting inside and no one knows the pain because I hide it . 
To those whom recieve the drink I bought I know it is not Tuesday but I know I need one of these . 
I just can not 
Yellow roses growin heaven , Lord , pick a bunch for me ~ Place them in my \ 
Dad's arms & tell him they're from me ~ Tell him that I love and miss\ 
him , when he turns to smile ~ Place a kiss upon his cheek & holdhim\ 
for a while ~ Because remembering him is easy , I do it everyday~There's\ 
... an ... ache in my heart that will never .... go away ... ... IF \ 
YOUR DAD IS IN HEAVEN COPY AND PASTE THIS ! 
The human heart is fragile . I gave my heart away intrust no one would shatter it but I gave it to the wrong man , he shattered it . If you ever gave your heart to a man and he destroyed the love COPY AND PASTE IT ... 
is fed up with other women and wishes he would leave like I have asked . I have nothing left for him but hatred . 
2 more weeks here and then I leave for home . I am kind of nervous have not been home in 2 or 3 years 
did it . I found a home for us . Very nervous and excited at the same time 
in loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who haslost thebattle with cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this onyour < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
got the five bedroom house she wanted . Nine more days in State College and then I go to Syracuse , NY . I can not wait to go home . 
says to all my State College friends I will miss you and do have fb to keep in touch . You can visit me in Syracuse and I may come back for a visit here as well . Thank You for all you have done and showing me there are true friends in the world . 
three more days and I go home . YAH ! 
I am glad to be home finally after 13 years . I really needed to be home . I no longer feel like I live in a strangers home . 
DAUGHTER WEEK ! If you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun , \ 
who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by\ 
being around - copy and paste this to your status .? Your daughters will\ 
outgrow your lap , but never your heart ! 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a Mother , keep secrets like a sister and loves like a friend . If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and nephews post this to your status 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama \ 
and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make \ 
you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life\ 
is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree , I just did . 
If you're brave , copy this to your status and see what people rate you . [ 1 ] crazy . [ 2 ] wish we went out . [ 3 ] talkative . [ 4 ] sarcastic . [ 5 ] lovable . [ 6 ] sexy . [ 7 ] strong . [ 8 ] dumb . [ 9 ] spoiled . [ 10 ] mouthy . [ 11 ] wild . [ 12 ] goofy . [ 13 ] funny . [ 14 ] awesomly awesome . [ 15 ] amazing . [ 16]beautiful . 
My baby girl turned 6 today . It seems just like yesterday I was pregnant for < PROPFEMALE > . She is 6 going on 30 now . 
is missing people in State College . :( 
I am broken so there is nothing left for you to do to me . You took my all and left with pieces to pick up and you have the nerve to say you love me and want to be with me . I am begging you to let me be happy for once . 
EVERYONE LEAVE ME ALONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has decided this move was not a good idea and paying for it now . :( 
if anyone cares I really could use a break . Crying all the time is for the birds . God please help me . 
Age 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what ... Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my ... Mom about this . Post this if you have , or had , the best Mom in the world ! 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it . Put this up for1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste . I did . Will you ?? 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
is asking for an Angel to help get through this rough time . PLease make things easier soon . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM !!!!!!!!!! ;) 
Children with special needs do not have an illness ; are not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and included . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , this is in ... honor of all children who need a little extra help and love ! \ ( Thanks to Authentic Heart ) " 
Today is the anniversary of the day that changed all of us . My heart goes out to the families who lost loved ones . Today is a day many of us will never be able to forget . I often wonder how the US would of changed if the plane made it to the Pentagon but one will never know because it crashed in < PROPFEMALE > because the heros died to try to save their lives . RIP all those passed in an senseless death . 09/11/2001 
BROTHER'S WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh .. Pulled your \ 
hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you \ 
succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. And made \ 
you strong .. Copy and paste if you have a brother you love 
says ... my children start school after a long hard fight YIIIIPPPPPEEEE !!!!!! 
If your Dad is or was your hero , best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to still have your Dad here with you or if he is an angel in heaven . Copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly . I love and miss you daddy very much xoxo 
is having a rough day . Please God give me the strenth to make it through these rough times . I need an angel sent to help . 
God please send help 
? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER(s ) in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? 
SISTER WEEK . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . A sister can be a friend forever ! Re-post if you have an Amazing Sister !!!! 
Lets\ 
see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends \ 
list , because I wanted you there ! I'm not only glad to count you as \ 
friends , but also as family . Let's see who's on my friends list actually\ 
has realized I am in way over my head . I done God this is your hands . 
may junk car to have some money to make it to the first . :( 
car is going : ,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ((((((( 
junked car for money . : ,,,,,,,,,,,,, (((((( 
? ?? ' ? ' \\????\\= (•??)=/ ???? /' ?? ? ? ? Car is gone . 
My computer is not working can not fb or school work :(((( 
people in Syracuse have drank something they are driving through red lights and parking in the wrong direction on the wrong side of the road . 
asks have you ever wallked into a home and feel as if you do not belong in the home ? 
all moved into the new house 
Wish heaven had a telephone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that was nothing new . I thought of you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake for which I will never part . God has you in his arms and I have you in my heart . ( Re-post if you love someone in heaven ) . 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , and so much else ... all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are going to commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better , and you respect them , for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% who will . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > HALL the pain is gone and you will be missed so very much . Your path has taken you to be with GOD and now you will watch over us all . 
says sorry God gave me four special needs children I did not know it offended my family . 
Never knew my children were a problem for my family . I am truly sorry to all of you . 
Has decided my children are my family and they are all I have now . 
I loved u the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved u the minute you were born .... Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would ..? When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body ..? Put this on your status , if you have children you love more than life ! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get \ 
better . I know that most folk won't post this as their status - be one \ 
of the ones that do , and post this as your status . Do it for at least an\ 
hour , for those who have died of cancer or who are still fighting it . Dad we all miss you . This I do in memory of you . 
could somebody send me an angel please . God < PROPMALE > me the strength to get through this hour . 
HOW can that One person make you so happy , at the same time make you sad ! 
It's not the breath you take , its the moments that take your breath away ... ~ George Strait ~ 
He said he was leaving and I had no tears and could not beg him to stay after the things he said to me . To my children I am sorry I could not keep your Dad here . 
wants to go home but it appears the directions to the road home have been misplaced .... go figure 
A child says to his mom \Mommy i colored your sheet with lipstick\ " with anger she starts to hit her child till he was unconscious . Then regrets what she has done . Crying she said to her child \ " Please open your eyes\ " But it was to late his < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating . When ... she walked back to the bedroom the Sheet said ...... \ " I LOVE YOU MOMMY\ " COPY AND PASTE FOR AN HOUR TO SAY ENOUGH WITH CHILD ABUSE !!!!! " 
I hope everyone has a good Thanksgiving . I miss you all in < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Thanks giving to all 
To the family and friends of Jenni-Lyn Watson I am sorry for your loss . You are on my families prayers . God recieved an Angel . My deepest sympathy to your family during this very hard time . RIP ~ Jenni-Lyn ~ 
wants to know how to explain no Christmas to the kids :( 
says there is no Christmas this year . Because < PROPFEMALE > is broke and now tell my kids so I am not the bad guy . :( 
From now until December 13th , change your profile picture to your favorite cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . The objective of this is to not to see any human faces on Facebook but an invasion of childhood memories for the fight against violence to children 
I don't need an angel on my tree . I already have one in heaven looking down on me ... Put this on your status , if you have someone in heaven looking down on you Love u < PROPFEMALE > . 
GOD , PLEASE < PROPMALE > ME THE STRENGTH TO GET THROUGH THIS . I NEED AN ANGEL TO HELP . 
46 inches of snow in four days . The snow is still comming down . Will it ever stop who knows . :( :( :( I hate snow . 
Is just plain tired of holding everyone else together . When nobody notices they , themself , is falling apart . 
OK , I have deidied I really hate my babies growing up . My baby Takoda who was born like yesterday has a girlfriend . My baby Laz who is my miracle baby is growing so much . My baby Sai is going through things adult go through . My baby < PROPFEMALE > is my sister all over again . Where does the time go , and how is giving the kids miracl grow in food cuz I cannot remember time ever going this fast . 
God saw You getting tired , a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around u and whispered come with me . With tearful eyes , we watched and saw u pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas . 
I hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas as mine has been destroyed and ruined . Thank You to those who ruined Christmas I hope you enjoyed yourselves . 
To all the UNSELFISH MOTHERS out there who traded sleep for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags & WOULDN'T CHANGE A THING . Let's see how many moms will actually post this . For all the moms who DON'T CARE what they gave up & LOVE what they got in return . Post this if you LOVE your LIFE as a mother . 
Mom , Lazzy has been hospitalized in a Psychiatric hospital . I will call soon things are difficult and hard right now . I love you . 
I'M A BITCH ! .. Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a bitch repost this .. I dare you . I'll be looking for the ladies who repost this . 
Have you ever waken up and looked for your child cuz you did not him breathing or not getting into things so go to check on your child end up in tears cuz he is not in his bed or in the house . Lazzy I miss you sooo much my heart hurts . Please get well soon so you can come home from the hospital . Lazzy , I am so sorry I did not have power to move your mountain . I want you home you are missed more and more every second . 
Loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life ! 
copy this on your status see what u get\ 
red : i used to like you\ 
orange : will you be mine\ 
yellow : i think your cut \ 
blue : i love you plez pick one 
Sweet girls come from the south , Barbies come from CA , but NY girls have fire and ice in our blood ! We can drive in the snow , handle the cold , beat the heat , be a princess , throw a right hook and drink with the boys ! We can cook a wicked good meal and if we have an opinion .... you bet your sweet ass your gonna hear it ....!! post if your a NY girl !!!!!!!!!!!. 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 1/6/11-1/6/11 . An innocent child who lost her life to her mothers ' hands . You will be remembered always . 
is watching everything fall apart 
To let everyone know I do not have a computer mine broke . So i can not do fb or school when i get a new computer i will let u all know . 
Got a computer . YIPEE 
My baby came home to visit today . It felt like the I was dropping him back off for the first time . It hurts not being able to my baby home with us . 
< PROPFEMALE > would have been 1 month old today if it were not for her Mother . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . I will never forget you and now you are an angel of beauty . RIP 1/6/2011-1/6/2011 
My baby boy was released from the hospital YIPPEEEEE 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all . 
To all those who have Takoda as a friend his account has been comprimised as well as his email . Please do not post or repond to anything that is on his < PROPFEMALE > until I have fixed the issue . 
If I walked away would you notice ? If I stopped breathing would you notice ? If I cried would notice ? If I talked would you listen ? I noticed you stopped caring . I noticed you gave up . I noticed you no longer are you . I noticed you are cold as ice . I noticed the changes . I am not one to give up on people but you have left me no other option . 
Sometimes ... what's left unsaid ... speaks the loudest ... so please just say it and stop me from guessing . 
Faith Moves Mountains 
R . I . P in < PROPFIRST > ( Dad ) it has been 5 years today . I still miss your goofy phone calls . I love you and miss you so much . I could use one of your phone calls . You left this earth to soon and you will not be forgotten . 
In honor of MS awareness week , March 7th-13th , 2011 , I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found , and more awareness for CCSVI . 
I did it I passed 2 classes with an A and a B . 2 more classes and I graduaute with Associates Degree in May . YEAH YEAH I did it I did it . Sorry I am just so proud of myself 
... has overcome many difficult things in life and has decided to thank all the crap I have endured in my life because it has made me who I am today . I am strong , loving , caring , independent , with the inability to give up . I have learned to move mountains to complete my accomplishments . Thank you difficult life . 
I try to explain things to people and no one listens . My children need warnings about when things change and how people cannot always do things for them and if no one can understand that then I am sorry my children and I were such a burden on you and your life . 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . Taking A Stand Against Bullying 
Taking Takoda for a school interview on Tuesday . I am hoping it goes well . He needs a good < PROPMALE > here in Syracuse for an education . Good Luck Takoda . 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of ones you know or love who have or had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Post it for 1 hour . Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting - I hope to see this in all the status of all my friends . 
My son is one of 80 students interviewing for a 40 student 6th grade . I am praying he gets this < PROPMALE > at a education cuz I am scared when he will end up . Please God let my son attend this school . 
Cannot sleep . I need to cuz Sai and I have to walk for three hours so he can go to an appointment . Gotta love no car and a child who cannot use public transportation . I am ready to break . You win life . 
??????????????? ?? ?? ?????????????????? \ 
If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ?? ?? ?????????????????? 
Gonna try to sleep in sooooooo much pain . My back is hurting so much I want to throw up . :,( 
< PROPFEMALE > de menos pasar tiempo con mi hermana . Ojalá pudiéramos pasar más tiempo juntos . Te amo hermana y te extraño . 
<3 I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry some times , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I give a shit ... Re-post this if you're proud of who you are ... ~?~ 
~ Sleep is lost ... If found please return A.S.A.P I am suffering from NOT ALLOWED TO SLEEP IN THIS LIFE TIME . Please do not throw out it is needed and must be returned before I never know what sleep is again . ~ 
FACEBOOK has 3 new VIRUSES !!! #1 --- If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG ... DO NOT OPEN IT !!! #2 --- If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc .. DO NOT open it !!! #3 --- a message from your friends via chat saying click this links .. DO NOT OPEN IT !! These are BAD and will crash your computer ..... REPOST AND warn EVERYBODY 
#4 DO NOT RESPOND TO THE QUESTIONS ASKED ABOUT FAVORITES ..... such as color , food , friends , birthday , ect . cuz hacker use that information to get into your bank account and other personal accounts ... 
Is it easier to walk away from comfort and security rather than fight for the nothingness that exists in one's life ? 
If one is asleep is one truly awake ... If one does not speak can one be heard ... If one does not cry can tears be seen ... If one does show emotion can it be felt ... If one does not show love can it be felt ... 
