bored ... about to shower ... fun fun 

likin myspace better so far but givin this shyt a < PROPMALE > lol 
life ... is ... interesting ... 
I fking miss Ohio ... and my friends ... 
:) in heavennnn 
I guess ill give facebook a shot .. someones making me consider it ;) 
Fun day , played some baseball and frisbee , showered , and now chillin . Bout to rock out some Halo 3 . :) 
just got done chillin with the boys , awesome night . Had many lawlz . :) super fukn happy . 
chillin bored as fuck . missing a few people bunches , can't wait to get back to Ohio . I really really can't . A few people i'll miss back here but ... Ohio is where I belong homies . 
Im that red bull , lets fly away <3 
shower ... got a shitload of schoolwork done today . Leave me love to come back to ! <3 
A lonely road , crossed another cold state line . Far away from those I love purpose hard to find , while I recall all the words you spoke to me , can't help but wish that I was there back where i'd love to be ... <3 
blah blah blah , think youll be gettin this ? nah nah nah , not in the back of my car car car , if you keep talkin that blah blah blah <3 
Had funnnn :) can't wait till tomorrow night 
and all I can taste is this moment , and all I can breath is your life , cause ' sooner or later its over , I just don't wanna miss you tonight - < PROPFEMALE > , goo goo dolls <3 
I just got an ideaaa . I'm having all my Texas friends sign my converse , so when I go back to the OH I can have a little piece of yall with me . Prepare ur sharpies mates ! <3 
Im not your toy , this is not another girl meets boy 
RAWR RKJBVNDBAKJVBEKBGUVIJDNBVIHBDEVIUJBNIBUBR FML !!!!!!!!!! 
really don't feel good ... in a lot of pain , might go to the hospital ... i dont know . I hate hospitals :( 
The ER last night was ... \fun\ " . Not gunna lie I hate hospitals with a passion . Hopefully these junkie drugs will make me feel better . Haven't done shit yet :/ " 
Kidneys are givin me hell . But on the brightside , had hella fun with < PROPFIRST > as always . Can't wait till tomorrow night . Oh , and SHUTTER ISLAND WAS A MOTHER FUCKING MINDFUCKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!! 
What you got boy , is hard to find . I think about it all the time ? 
My knight in shining armor turned out to be a boy in tin foil ? 
Someone told me love will ALL save us . But how can that be , look what love gave us . A world full of killing , and blood-spilling That world never came . <3 
Just got home from another fun night with < PROPFIRST > <3 funny how the simplest things in life can be the best 
<3 <3 <3 <3 
HAPPY MUDDA FUCKIN ST . P DAY !!!! PARTY HARD DRINK HARD AND RIDE HARD !!!!! hahahahaha . <3 
Actually stayin in tonight , might play some vidya games and watch a few movies . Text me or i.m me if im on ! OH AND I MISS YOU OHIOOOOOOO :( but I love you Texas , no worries . haha . 
it's never gunna happen and I need to get over that . Ugh . FUCK IT 
<3 
Missing Ohio hardcore .... >.< bawwwwwww :( 
Spent all day in Midland today . Bought some new awesome stuffs . Can't wait to get my hair done friday as silly as that sounds lol . How should I get it cut ? Any suggestions ? 
Times like these make you realize who your true friends are ! 
Im not your toy , this is not another girl meets boy <3 
The more I think about , the more I want to let you know that everything you do is SUPER fuckin ' cute and I can't stand it <3 
Just got home <3 
Wish I could help him feel better ... I hate when my friends are this upset , I love you buddy ... and it will all be okay eventually ... 
Really just fed up with life right now . On the brighter side though ... I feel a little better now after talking to < PROPFIRST > thanks for listening to me ball my eyes out ... and your right I still have you guys up there and you guys do love me and once i'm home everything will be okay .... 
Enjoyin the sun and getting my freckle on lol . Can't seem to get Ohio off my mind again today , can't wait to see you guys n you know I loves you all so much . <3 
You think you fresh shit nikka im ripe . 
<3 I want your love , I don't wanna be friends 
Dramatic hair change today lol it's gunna be great will post picx after yo !!! 
I look SO HOT sitting here with foil in my hair and such lololol . New haircut looks great hope the dye job looks good too yo . 
Waiting for hair to dry so i can straighten it and see how it looks !!!! Likin it so far !!! 
and I wonder if I ever cross your mind , for me it happens all the time <3 
Putting more fushia in < PROPFEMALE > hair cuz there wasn't enough . lol . Bout to play Super < PROPFIRST > bros for wii !!!! Hope this shit doesn't stain < PROPFEMALE > skin too bad cuz im not using foil tonight lol .... and it smells like bubble gum ! 
... <3 ... 
Getting really close to an old friend again and i'm glad . I've only known ya since I was 11 and lived next to you since then also :) haha . Hopefully things will go good this time and we can stay close , I think they will . 
Just when you've had enough , life gives you more . And when you think it's rained enough , it fucking starts to pour . But one day the sun comes out , and boy does it shine . I see the happiness of a new day , forgetting that you are not mine . 
“It hurts to love someone and not be loved in return , but what is the most painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let the person know how you feel . ” 
Just beat Halo 3 :OD ST !!! Yay ! Campaign was short-ish and story wasn't super great but was still kind of fun . Bedtime nao ! 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > have decided to go to canada and get married in January . Shes is mah new lover , and we both say FUCK GUYS WERE GUNNA LOVE EACHOTHER FOREVER . With no sex . lolol . 
Going to a reception for Texas Tech tonight from 6:30 till 8:30 kinda excited I guess . Then home to play vidya n chill with the boy-s . Shall be fun :) 
Met some of the most amazing people ever tonight . I knew something was telling me to go on a walk !!!!!!! I am so happy 
Hangin with < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPMALE > tonight , bored outta my mind right now . Goin to work with < PROPFIRST > 4am till 4pm so that'll be fun lol :) 
Ended up seeing like everyone but < PROPMALE > tonight , was amazing and had so much fun ! Actually starting to be happy for once down here . Yay . 
Just got home from chillin with z oh-so-wonderful < PROPMALE > , got to see a few other awesome peoples too . Finally feelin better from my 48 no sleep and barely eat thing . Yay . 
Dinner with the Texas fam , then back to < PROPMALE > , hangin with friends . Drive ins last night were fun as hell and Remember Me is worth seeing .. hate the ending though :/ lol . Text me ? 
With < PROPMALE > tonight . But for now bout 2 do laundry and stuffs . 
Just got home from hangin with < PROPMALE > . Deciding whether to lurk moar or go to bed ... 
G'night yall . 
Had a very very good night :) 
Every time our eyes meet , this feelin inside me is almost more than I can take , baby when you touch me I can feel how much you love me and it just blows me away , i've never been this close to anyone or anything ... 
Have a weird urge to play dragons age , lol . Too tired tho at same time . So off to bed I shall go . Gnight yall , its been a great last 3 days . 
Today fuckin rocked . :) 
Lurking , bored now that i'm home ... thinkin too much as always , can't wait to see friends again . Had a really good day tho :) 
See I know my destination , but i'm just not there . 
Phone batt just died and I don't have charger ... left at < PROPMALE>'s . So thats y I won't b responding to ne1 for a bit . Sorry loves . 
Can't wait till tomorrow . 
Had an amazing day , that involved seeing amazing people , cutting my foot open pole dancing , dancing in the street , and making musical phone calls . God I <3 you guys . 
WOAH MAN , rain .... haven't heard that sound in forever . Its amazing . <3 
Hmm . New pro pic ... keep or no . I can't decide if I like it or not ... 
Mr. Walkway . Mr. Walk down me im the walkway . Lead me to the building , fuck you . 
Just got home from hangin with < PROPMALE > , so happy to have a friend like him ? Good day all around ! 
Hmm doing laundry , my nails , and listening to music . Not feelin sleep . Can't wait till tomorrow though :) 
<3 :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Banned from < PROPFEMALE > for raiding so watching House on Hulu . Shit sucks man . 
I hate boring days . Lol . 
Missing my bestie and a few other people a little more than usual tonight . Bored and watching True Life ... feel free to text me ! 
< PROPMALE > you need to get home I misses youuuuu 
Had a really good day !!!! Can't wait to upload new pics , hope theyre as cute as they look on my phone lol . :) 
KINDA LIKE REALLY PISST AND STUFF . FUCK . Like always , day was great , till I got HOME . >.< UGHHHHHHHHHH 
Just got home , had good day :) can't wait till Friday and stuffs . 
Yay for possible severe thunderstorms and tornados tonight ! 
Yayyyyyy t-storm ! hells yeah ! I love a good storm . this is decent tho compared to what we get in ohio but eh , a storm is a storm yo . 
My mind is too blank to put anything clever here . So , here you go HAVE YOUR FUCKING POINTLESS STATUS UPDATE ! 
In the mood to punch someone in the face . 
You ever just sleep in as late as you can because you don't want to wake up and face what the world keeps chucking at your face ? 
12 days left in Texas , I think . Not finalized yet . :( i'm already gettin sad 
Lookin for a prom date . lol . Its hard finding one when you haven't been in Ohio for almost 4 months ... 
Yay for finding an awesome prom date ! Can't wait till prom and can't wait till i'm back in Ohio . Trying not to think about how much im going to miss everyone down here though ... wish I could take yall with me . 
Just don't give up , i'm workin it out , please don't give in , i won't let you down . It messed me up , need a second to breath , just keep comin around <3 
I can't take it any longer but my will is getting stronger And I think I know just what I have to do I can't waste another minute after all that I've put in it I've given you my best , why does she get the best of you ? 
Gnight yall . Sweet deams n shit . 
Goodmorning yall :) Had a fun night , hopefully today will kick ass too ! 
Havin a great day so far home for a little then out with < PROPMALE > ! 
Goodnight bittersweet world 
It's really setting in that i'm leaving soon . :( fuck . 
So , its official . My plane leaves May 8th , and i'lll be back in town around 10 pm . Can't wait to see everyone , i've missed yall so much . But I also DON'T FUCKING WANT TO LEAVE TEXAS !!!!!!!!!!!! :'( 
Had a good night in Midland with my friends , everyone was there basically and we had a bomb ass time . Really sad this is my last week here , but i'm just glad it happened and I got to meet all these people and have so much fun with yall . 
Will be back around 7ish next saturday ! sad but happy 
3 days\ 
:) :( 
Packing ... it's hittin me hard that i'm actually leaving tomorrow morning ... i'm gunna miss this place . :/ fuck . Can't wait to see my Ohio friends though . Its been a minute :) 
Prolly shud get to sleep , but ah its whatever . Had a good last night here but pissed cuz I can't find my glasses lol . I'll be in town probably around 7ish :) 
Reaallllly missing Texas today .... wish I could rewind and live those crazy 4 months over again . West Texas I <3 you lol . Goin to Lake Erie today with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
just .... tired of this shit . and life . for fuckin real . 
Yayyyyyyyy 
Hahahaha partyyyy hard bitch :) 
Life is gooooood :) 
Soooo my phone died last night , just got a new one , and i lost ALL my contacts . So , if you know i had your number , and we converse from time to time or regularly , please send me a text saying hey this is ______ and this is my number ! YES thats means YOU 
7Life is great . 2 jobs , working my ass off . 4-midnight tonight , 10-3am tomorrow ... so if u wanna make plans outside of those hours let me know ! Appartment shopping too ... if you know any nice appartment complexes in falls/stow/munroe falls let me know !!! 
movin in to our appartment on the 15th yay ! text me if u wanna talk i lost all ur < PROPFIRST > , 3309578501 
In tburg with < PROPFEMALE > and Aubri , last day off work . Enjoyin it ! Can't wait till the 15th :D 
Just got off work , opening tomorrow so that'll be fun ... NOT . Can't wait till the 15th though ! I've got so much motivation to keep workin hard right now its great , I think good < PROPFEMALE > is coming around my way finally ! 
4 fucking days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Moving day tomorrow , packed for the most part ... nervous but happy at the same time and I can't wait . 
OMFG OUR APPARTMENT HAS INTERNET !!! lol :) 
Bored as hell , baby works tonight and i worked morning shift so im home unpacking and cleaning . if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out tonight , text me 
cleaned , oraganized and unpacked . not in that order tho lol . startin to feel like home . oh god .... i had the urge to clean .... im SEMI DOMESTICATED ! ahhhhh nooo whats happening to me 
So lucky to have my baby :) bout to go to bed .... so so so happy 
Todays my day off , but of course it can't be Seans too ... hangin with Marlina for a bit then cleanin the house and makin dinner for my baby to come home to . So fucking happy with life right now :) !!!!!!!!! 
Just got off work , relaxing with my baby ... might go for a walk or something idk . 
Pay day ! but it all goes to bills ... meh :/ 
sittin in bed eating dinner with my baby and listening to music . Life is perfect . Fuck howd i get so lucky . 
so im workin drive through right and i wack my head on the metal frame of the drive thru window , all in front of half the crew and customer whose food i have no idea what happened to . After the hospital visit i find out after catscans and fun stuff i have a pretty decent concussion , and will be stuck in this wtf out of it haze anywhere from 3-4 days to a year , since its my 3rd concussion . Only me ... FML 
Took the day off work .... i'm still so out of it , I can't wait to feel normal again and to get back to my normal routine . I can't even fucking drive right now , UGH 
Concussion and bruised ribs , GRRR I think i'm too clumsy to live outside a foam room ! 
home .... tired .... but glad to be home 
Just got off of work .... was a pretty slow and shitty day . Now i'm home just chillin ... if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out msg me or txt 
So ... today was amazing ... Sean took me to Kays , \ 
and we picked out a promise ring , he took me to the place we met and \ 
gave me the ring ... its ABSOLUTELY goregous ! Also ... thats the sweetest \ 
thing anyones ever done for me . Its white gold , with a < PROPFEMALE > cut \ 
< PROPFEMALE > in the middle and 5 < PROPFEMALE > s on each side of it ... pictures ... \ 
cant capture its beauty or id post one ! Youll see it on my ring finger \ 
though :) 
Never had a man treat me this amazing before . He bought me roses today :) Hes so sweet , god what did I do to deserve him ??? 
:) 
Great night with my baby ... as always :) bout ' to hit the sheets ... haha , night fb 
new ink :) its ba ill post pics later 
Day off , cleaning the house .... then going to change me and my babys oil , then off to a meeting . Got a new bigger tv :) can't wait to hook it up tonight and relax and watch a movie . 
muwahahahahahah 
Just got off of work ... about to go to Zacks with the Fiance for Zaks birthday . I have to open tomorrow , ugh :( 
Getting on the ball again :) Livin life , rollin with the punches , all with my baby by my side :) Shit can only get better from here on !! 
Glad I got some extra hours at T-Bell today ... now just waitin on the hubby to get off work so we can spend some time together . Cookin some late night dinner :) nom nom nom 
Waiting on < PROPFIRST > to get home even though I open in the morning ... ugh I hate when he closes :( 
Grr the gas company is such a pain in my ass ! 
Bout ' to be a GREAT NIGHT 
Closing the Streetsboro store tonight , hope they have an awesome crew like our store does . Prolly not :) 
New ink :) will post-d-d-d-d pics later ... open in the morning so uhh , BED TIME FOR MEEZZZ 
great night with my baby :) toad likes big butts and she can not lie . her milkshake also brings all the boys to the yard .... NOT . muahahahahahahhaahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaa BLUELALALALALALALALLALALALALALALa 
Re : On 
Mother in law came out of surgery okay , heading back to the hospital to see her . Hopefully they got all the cancer out :( 
Cleaning the house and getting my A+ on with school work lol . Life is going great ... woke up in my handsome babys arms today and had a great morning ! He even cooked me breakfast ... i'm so lucky :) 
workin till 8 at streetsboro tbell feel like shit today 
So fuck everything . 
It's getting a lot harder to just roll with the punches ... i feel like giving up . < PROPFIRST > is really the only thing keeping me going anymore .... its one thing after another . I wish I could be a normal fucking teen for once in my life :/ 
Had a great day for the most part :) cuddling up with my hubby and going to bed , night world :) 
With arms wide open\ 
now everything has changed\ 
i'll show you love\ 
i'll show you everything\ 
with arms wide open 
Dec 11th guys ! sending invites out soon ! CAN'T WAIT to be Mrs. Matheny !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Got my wedding dress today , it is a beautiful snow white ballgown , embellished SO BEAUTIFULLY ! I look like a < PROPFEMALE > ! Got a < PROPFEMALE > to match it too ! and the perfect veil and shaw ! I can't wait till the big day , only a month and 8 days away till I am Mrs. Matheny !!!! 
Dress fitting in the morning can't wait but at the same time dont want to get up that early then go to work for 10 hrs ! wish < PROPFIRST > could go with me :/ ughhhhh cant wait till dec 
Christins coming over round ' 1ish ... but I don't feel like getting out of bed today lol . Yay no motivation ! 
got all the invites written out my hand is sore lol if your lucky you will get one soon ! 
Don't have to be at work till 5 tomorrow , yay ! Had a pretty good night ... now to snuggle up with my < PROPFEMALE > for bed . I love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Matheny and can't wait to spend the rest of forever with you , as your forever loving and commited wife . \ 
I SWEAR < PROPMALE > , if you got me sick , I am going to kick some ass as soon as I am better . Ugh I am starting to feel like ass . 
had\ 
my dress fitting today ! Still a few more alterations to be done and I \ 
can't wait until it is finished ! Counting down the days until Dec 19th I can't wait to walk down the aisle and marry the man of my dreams . How did I get so lucky ? 
Had an AMAZING day ! Got to see mah < PROPFEMALE > and mah < PROPFEMALE > AND got to spend time with < PROPFIRST > ! All without seeing Taco < PROPFEMALE > once ! Lol . I love my baby , gn fb :) 
SOOOOO cold outside , brrrrrr ! Finally home from work to my handsome baby :) I am SO excited for the 19th that I keep forgetting about my birthday ! Only 6 days :) 
I just .... don't know anymore . Life is so repetitive , i miss the freedom I used to feel like I had . Like the world was mine to explore , now I just feel like I have no time to explore ... it is a few days b4 my 18th bday I should feel free but I don't . uh . Just glad I have < PROPFIRST > in my life , he is my escape from this shit ! 
TEHE party tonight ! Happy bday to me ! even tho it was .... yesterday . lol . 
< PROPFIRST > goes full out retard on a daily basis 
All we need with our zazi nombies is some kestard and musup 
so , other than ending up with my car sideways in a ditch and having to get it towed out it was a pretty decent day . lol . P.S Ohio SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh my god .... I am going to be a married woman on Sunday . Wow . Woah . That is so crazy , didn't think I was going to find the one this early in life . All in all , I am so glad I did ! Looking forward to MANY happy days on the road ahead with my other half !!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > J . MATHENY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I WILL BE MRS . MATHENY AT 3PM TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CAN'T WAIT ! So nervous , oh my gosh >.< !!!!!! ---^- @ 
I am now mrs. matheny and offically married nobody can come between us no matter how hard u try 
Enjoying being part of the Matheny family , kinda dissapointed I didn't see some of you there .. but oh well everyone who cares enough was there ! Had a great time , and best of all , I AM NOW A MARRIED WOMAN ! :))))))) ! <3 
Mornin everyone , lets hope for a good day for us all !!! 
Waiting on the hubby to get home from work ! :) hungryy . mmm , leftover wedding cake .... * dissapears to kitchen * 
This week off work is driving me nuts , I actually WANT to get back to work . Grr . 
< PROPFEMALE > f-in Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . There was a random tire in the middle of the road and I couldn't stop quick enough or swerve because of oncoming traffic , so I hit it and it ripped my raidiator open . So now I can't drive without overheating ! SO YAY ! Car is in the shop till monday . :( ugh its one f-in thing after another . 
Trying to figure everything out , so many things to prepare for or not prepare for idk what to do ! It is kind of hard to be ready for two possibilitys at once that are completely opposite . I hope things work out the way we want them to ... it could be the start of a new better life for us ! 
They be fallin like the rain so we ain't runnin out ! But all of em are hittin my umbrella-ella-ella AY cuz I caught the best one n i'm not lettin go ! 
Hmmm , blasting music , cleaning , showering and then meeting for coffee with mom and law ! GUNNA BE FUN TYMES . MAN . 
lets take that < PROPMALE > today\ 
go far away\ 
and never look back again 
Got my car back today :) feels so good to drive her again ! ha , that sounds kind of wrong ... if you only understood the love i have for my car <3 lol . 
Kinda peeved that I work new years .... till 2 am ... :( guess hubbi will have to come thru the drive thru and give me my new years kiss lol . not the way I wanted to spend our first new years :/ 
Things aren't going as we planned at all , it is going to be a rough first few weeks down there . :/ whatever . I didn't think things would work out from the beginning , nothing is EVER easy . Ever . 
Okay , so it is what , 4-5 am ? and i am still up ! this is becoming a regular thing for us .... my schedule is flipping around and i am becoming noctournal again . i broke this a few months ago dammit . but oh well , it works with my work schedule ! 
Had a pregnancy dream .... hmm is it a hint ????? 
Hopefully my night is as good as my day so far is lol . Lets hope work doesn't suck tonight ! 
Very uncontent feeling tonight ... I don't get why after working late nights I always feel like this when I get home . Oh well ... time to play video games ? 3 am game marathon ? Yeppers . 
He makes me feel like I am the only girl in the world ... couldn't ask for any better of a man :) 
Sold the camaro :( but we needed the cash , yay for getting things done 
theresss sooo manyyy waysss to love yaaa got me like oh my god i am so in love i found you finally you make me wanna say oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my goshhhh WOAHHH 
HAPPY BIRTFDAY AMANDA !!!!!!!!!! 1 ILUUUUU 
PB and egg sammich , god i love Seans odd taste in food . so good . lol . I love my husband so much ... with him by my side i feel anything is possible , he amazes me more and more everyday . idc if we argue sometimes , it just makes us that much stronger . I LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > MATHENY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
laying down with my handsome baby man 
Lol love people that call off work then post what their doing on facebook while i work a 14 hr shift to cover 4 them . Yay . 
getting ready for the move , super excited \ 
cant wait to leave ohio 
leavin sunday morning . If u want to see me tomorrow text me . If u dont have my number msg me on here . Love u guys . 
made it to south < PROPFEMALE > god this place its beautifull !!! Ten minute drive from the beach ... what more could we ask for haha . So happy ... hopefully we can find a place here to call home . 
bout to go to the beach with Dad and < PROPFIRST > and the rest of the fam , 75 and < PROPFEMALE > chillin on the beach this is what I call life ! lol :) 
So glad we are getting our life together down here ... I have the best husband in the world even if he is a little messy and silly I wouldn't change anything about him . He makes me smile so much :) he's the only thing keeping me goin right now ... and the hopes for our future and our future family . Glad to be a Matheny :) 
:) lovin life on the East Coast , dude . :) took a walk on the beach tonight with my amazing husband , can't wait till the water gets a lil warmer and I can learn how to surf !!!!!!! 
Trying to find an appartment today ... but none of the offices are open ! boo hoo sundays . bout to go to the beach and hackey sack for a little . maybe ill get to actually enjoy my day off a little ? please ? 
ill never get pregnant like we want to because I am always too damn stressed . Stress = AMAZING birth control , screw the stuff in the little packages . might as well call me infertile . 
uploading my raps to myspace music ... bout to post my link . stay tuned ! listen to my number one ... made that song for my amazing hubbi im verse #3 . need to get back with my crew in ohio ... miss recordin theres nothin like bein in the stuido . Check it :) 
I wish i could take my ohio people and put them in SC with me ... im really tired of the people down here . i REALLY FUCKING AM ! 
Love my husband so much ... might have some good news here in about a week or so :) 
going medium auburn ... lets see how this turns out :) been a long time since ive dyed my hair .... damn . 
Sooooooooooooooooooo burnt from the beach yesterday . ouch ! :( lol . 
This week we remember babies born asleep or we have carried but never met , those we have held but couldn't take home or ones who made it home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority of you won't do it because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence ... In memory of all lost angels . Amen 
had a better day last night and today thanks to three great people helping me out , < PROPMALE > Traweek , < PROPFEMALE > Bibb-Cyrus and of course my < PROPFIRST > Matheny . Love you guys . thank you so much ! 
caught some good waves today ! sunburnt again tho haha ... finally getting a lil tan tho . enjoyin my day off for once :) lovin the east coast right now . 
They haitin cuz im hot like the left sink handle 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > THIS IS SO FUCKED UP YOU WERENT MEANT TO GO THIS SOON THIS WORLD IS SO MESSED UP HOW COULD A BABY GET KILLED LIKE THIS ??? SHE WAS BARELY ONLY 2 THIS IS SICK ! I'll always remember when me and < PROPFIRST > babysat you and thought about how we want to have a kid like you one day ... you were so sweet and adorable . You were the best little girl to watch ... we had so much fun with you ... we will miss you SO MUCH < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Husband & Wife Week -- If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick & thin , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy & paste this with the date you were married . 12/19/10 
