Happy 2011 Everyone ! God bless you all :D 

Just got word that I've officially graduated from TUI with a Master's in IT Management ... diploma on it's way . =D Who wants to drink some beers over that this weekend ? 
Yay ! The iPad arrived in the mail ( finally ) ... and I can confirm that this little gadget simply rocks . I don't forsee myself doing email , Facebook or surfing on my pc or < PROPMALE > anymore . For those who are wanting something that makes the Internet an experience instead of a bore , I highly recommend it . :) 
Climbed Chinaman's hat on Sat , shooting the Honolulu Lantern Floating Ceremony tonight ... Hawaii is such a wonderful place 
First rule of MMO's: Anyone who has achieved more than you has no life . Anyone who has achieved less than you is a noob . =) 
Admittedly , FB hasn't been a priority for me lately . In Aug I attended a Jesus Ministry conf in San < PROPMALE > and had a life changing experience . Some have noticed that I'm also blessed with a new relationship with < PROPFEMALE > , whom I met there . This is the start of a new life for me and I look forward to what God has in store for the future and thanks for all of your kind words of encouragement and friendship . 
Praising God at Mens Conference today at New Hope Sand Island ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is not to see a human face on Facebook until December 6th . Support the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this as your status . 
When filling out your Christmas cards this year , take one card and send it to this address : Holiday Mail for Heroes PO Box 5456 Capitol Heights MD 20791-5456 .. If we pass this on and everyone sends one card , think of how many cards these wonderful people who have sacrificed so much would get . Please copy and post on your wall . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! And special thanks to all those serving away from their families , both to God and Country . 
At OneThing conference in Kansas City praising God ! Tune into God TV online or on Direct TV to follow it live . :D 
Just Married ! I'm now the happiest man in the world - < PROPFEMALE > and I married last night at New Hope Church , San < PROPMALE > , Ca :D 
