OSU has beaten Oregon , I wonder if all the critics think that the crow they are eating tastes like duck ??? 

Just recovering from massive over eating today . 
Rough one today , < PROPFEMALE > was in rare form . My older girls were good though 
BOUT TIME BROWNIES !!!! 
Guida lost to Kenflo . I hate Kenflo even more now . I think < PROPMALE > may need to go back to the drawing board and beef up his jitsu . 
I dug out my old army photo album and I'm off for the last 2 weeks of the year . I will use that time to scan and post so keep your eyes open . 
Tons o ' stuff done on Saturday ; Kailey got another assit in her indoor soccer game ( tied 4:4 ); she is also having her sleep over B-day party ( she was born on Christmas so we have to have it early ; and I won $53 dollars at Qais's house playing poker ! 
The Browns had a heck of a showing ... but against an terrible team . We'll have to wait and see but it looks like their run game is picking up , defense is a little rough and as always Cribbs ( fellow < PROPFEMALE > Flash ! ) is still the best player on the team ! 
is so thanksful Qais and my daughter made me make a facebook site ! Finding all kinds of old friends ! 
wishes everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Browns win again ! ( 3 in a row ? I didn't know that was possible ! ) 
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/sportvideo/?bcpid=3338950001&bctid=13432441001 
Got my butt kicked on Saturday at Qais's house . Lost $45 after being up about $15 . Had fun though 
is still thinking about the definition of trust . We talked about it at work . Any suggestions or examples out there ??? 
is off to California for the week . It will be good to see the plant but I'm gunna miss my wife and kiddies ! Wishing you were there with me ... 
One day down , the second under way . Two good training sessions and some assessments complete . Cool looking factory too , clean and visual/Kanban usage galore 
So far so good , < PROPMALE > , my San < PROPMALE > counterpart knows the material well now and has taken over the training . Spent a couple hours on the floor and have some ideas for him ... 
I'll be home in less than 48 hrs . It was nice to see the sunset in the ocean again and the plant visit has been tre cool but i'm lokkin forward to home . 
Just about to get on the plane home , hopefully we can land in Akron , there is a storm abrewin which could be a pain . Wish us luck . My wife told me < PROPFEMALE > started crawling this week , wish i could have been there ... 
We landed safely in some rough conditions , my hat's off to the pilot . It was a good trip but I'm excited to be home . < PROPFEMALE > crawled to me for the first time , too cool 
Just finished a book that < PROPMALE > lent me . It is about what great managers do differently . Fantastic book \First Break All the Rules\ " . Not sure I agree with everything but 90% sounds about right . Any would be managers or someone who wants their managers to know how well you perform should read it . " 
They say you can't teach an old dog new tricks , But I say you can learn a lot of new tricks from an old dog ! 
Went over to Qais's house last night for poker with $45 . Came home with -$10 and a lot of laughs . It was a good night , learned a couple of new and challenging games ... 
Started our Film Line 4 waste kaizen event today . Going very well . We taught 6 operators about some basic < PROPFEMALE > principles , cost reports and the power of root cause analysis . They are very receptive and participative . Tomorrow will be the time to see how creative they are by applying the principals and making some changes on the line . 
I forgot to post an update n Saturday's poker game at Qais's house . I actually won about $55 !!! And had a < PROPMALE > Flush ( natural ) playing Omaha !!! Qais did pretty good too ... 
Kailey scored 2 goals at her soccer game , one on a break away and the other was a free kick on a handball inside the goalie box . We won 5-4 . defense was rough though :( 
My team lost 6-3 but with 3 people short and 5 new players I was happy with what they did right . Lots of good passes , playing the positions and taking shots . We need a ton of defensive work . Our goalie is brand new , but athletic and she blocked 8 shots . Three of the goals scored on us were breakaways and 1 was our mistake ( defense kicked it across the middle) ! 
Got destroyed in soccer today , my primary goalie and defender were no shows and my back-up goalie ( primary midfielder ) did well but got KO'd . We aren't three deep in the goalie so ... I took them for ice cream anyway LOL 
My soccer team lost again , but put up a hellova fight ! it was a 5-7 loss . The defense was okay , goalie not so much , gunna have to replace her with someone but not sure who ... 
Kailey's soccer team tied 3-3 with 2nd ranked team in our division , < PROPFEMALE > turned 1 ( had the party and everything ) and it is mothers day . Wow thats alot o stuff 
Kailey's team won 5-0 , she had an assist , 3 shots on goal and 10 defensive stops ! Not bad for a mid fielder . 
My team lost its match today but put up a much better performance than the last time we faced this team . The score today was 5-1 the first time it was 6-0 but should have been 12-0 . They played nothing but defense the 2nd half of the 1st game , this time they had a fight on their hands . I'm very proud of the girls and how much they have improved . 
Kailey's team won on SUnday 5-2 but the first 45 minutes of the game were aweful . They finally came to life and put them away . Kailey scored once , way to go kid ! 
Bad day for the Miller clan , we had to put our 4 year old dog < PROPFIRST > to sleep . He ate something toxic and had kidney failure . We have no neighbors , and all chemicals are accounted for , so we think he must have eaten a toxic plant . As one would imagine the wife and kids are not taking this well at all ... 
My team lost horribly to Barberton on Saturday , Kailey's team won 6-0 on Sunday sending them to the playoffs ! 
Well it is the end of a very bad season for my team , they played their guts out but their record is 0-8 . I'm sure it has a lot more to with my coaching than their ability !!! They had fun and plenty of sympath ice cream ! LOL 
After 4 years in my current position I finally won CI coordinator of the year ( out of 23 factories ) . While I would love to take all the credit I cannot . The good Lord had quite a bit to do with it when he sent me the likes of Yannick , < PROPMALE > and Qais , Corporate help and a very strong plant Staff and workers . The plant won this title more than I . ( But my name is on the trophy baby !! ) 
Kailey's soccer team won the first round of playoffs 3-2 beating Barberton ( a team that beat us during the regular season 6-0 ) . 
Kailey's lost to Copley 6-1 in the finals , not bad for the first season in Division II ! The girls played very well and we are very proud of them . 
1st offici < PROPMALE > day of vacation : solved the electric < PROPMALE > problem with the mower , with some help from the in-laws , still having some issues with the carberator but it is < PROPMALE > least running enough to mow . Also got to watch some world cup action . not to shabby 
Vac day 2 : Replaced a couple of door knobs and locks ; watched some world cup action , was rootin ' for nigeria but it wasn't to be , swam with the kids a bit and went to the drivin ' range . Now I'm off to watch a movie with the family ... 
Just heard the loudest thunderboom ever ! it even scared the dog ! my windows shook ! 
Day 5 : in the past 3 days I've fixed the lawnmower , cleaned out the garage , spread some mulch , added about 10 things to the to-do list , played w/ the kids watched some world cup action and now we are going to the nature park in tallmadge ! 
Evaluation time of year , always hectic and anxious ... 
I haver a hard time believing the world cup the last 2 days . Some crazy results ... 
Went to the Portage Lakes fireworks display ( the display was awesome ) last night . I could not believe the number of Hillbillies that were in attendance . 
Played soccer for the first time this year , was put at goalie after 15 < PROPFEMALE > again . Not becasue I'm any good < PROPFEMALE > d you but I suck alot less at it than anything else ! had a lot o ' fun though 
Just got done playing soccer for 2.5 hrs . I'm soaked , stinky and half dead . There were only 5 of us ( 3 old guys and 2 kids ) . Lots of fun though ... 
After almost 15 years at the Massillon Heinz plant I put my 2 week notice in on Monday . I'll be the operations manager at a cheese factory in Louisville Ohio . Not an easy decision but I gotta take a shot or stagnate where I am . I will miss it though ... 
First game of the season , first at the U-11 field , first at division 1 and the results Green 11- Us 1 . The kids played with heart though , they'll get better 
First day was a little surprising , spent 3 hrs for orientation , no biggie there , then spent the rest of the day meeting some people and time on the floor . It appears there is a huge opportunity in the discipline of running a line . A couple of the supervisors look encouraging ... 
Started planting seeds about what needs done first : basic training/sports conditioning . Its all about the fundamentals , what is your required output and how are you tracking against it every 30 < PROPFEMALE > . by the end of the week all my supers will hear it . 
Must ... get .... work ... computer ... working ... Must ... get .... work .... computer .... working .... * zombie voice * 
SOCCER UPDATE ! : Well we knew this season was going to be rough and it is . Real rough . Our kids are playing hard but we are simply out matched by the skill of the others . If we were still division 2 we would be destroying the competition . I hope the kids understand this ... 
Soccer Update : We lost again to the best team in the league . We've played better but all in all the girls are getting their positions . Defense stayed about 80% disciplined today ( a good thing ) but the 20% cost us . Offense is another story , they need to focus on ball control ... I'm still proud of them though 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! 
Holy Smokes the Browns Beat the Bengals ! 
Soccer Wrap-up : Well we didn't win a game but the girls have improved greatly throughout the season . We lost 6-0 to the #1 team today , which is a big improvement over the 11-1 loss on the first game . Now its time to do the indoor thing and get ready for spring . 
Wow , even I didn't expect the Browns to win today ! Looks like we might have a team this year after all ... 
Just recieved some terrible news . One of our U-11 soccer stars has cancer . No kid deserves this but it hurts a little more when it affects someone you know . Good luck < PROPFEMALE > , I'll be praying for you kiddo ! 
Enjoyed a lovely afternoon at my sisters for < PROPMALE>'s 6th birthday party . Tons o ' kids and sugar ' n such . Much fun was had by all . 
Rough week last week at home and at work . Lord help this week go better ! Got to end the week well though by spending time with family ( lil < PROPFIRST>'s birthday ) and bowling with some friends . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > passed away yesterday . Good luck and God speed . My prayers are with her family 
So far the vacation has gone well . Had fun with the wife today just hanging out . 
