Bellevue < PROPMALE > Fair is This Weekend ! Come see me at my booth \ < PROPMALE > of Wings\ " in the Cost Plus parking lot just north of the mall . " 

Ahh , that was fun . Just got home from my high school reunion ! It was actually pretty fun . Wish some people who weren't there would have attended though ! 
Just got back from Burning Man ! I had so much Fun ! There's nothing else on earth like it . But I'm so exhausted , and so glad to be home and clean . 
RIP Gandma Moo moo . We'll miss you . :( 
For all family and friends of my grandma < PROPFEMALE > Piagentini feel free to stop by : A celebration of < PROPFEMALE>'s life will be held at her home on Saturday September 26th at 2:00 pm . For directions call 206-817-1656 . In lieu of flowers , donations to a < PROPFEMALE > of your choice would be appreciated . 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where and what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence : White Zombie with Babes in Toyland and The Melvins . For my 14th birthday . It was the Best ever ! 
I'll be at Folklife Festival at the Seattle Center all holiday weekend ! - Founders Court Area 
Bellevue < PROPMALE > Fair this weekend ! I'll be just north of the mall in the Cost Plus parking lot . Friday thru Monday 11AM-8PM I think . 
I LOVE Burning Man !!! Decided to go at the very last minute and it was awesome as always . I can't believe I almost didn't go . Can't wait for next year . I'll post some photos soon . 
Dealing with customers can be so stressful . Sometimes I hate having no one above me to pass them off to . :( 
Whirly Ball !!! Wow , that was fun ! 
I had a Root Canal today , and suprisingly I feel fine so far . but supposedly it will hurt alot more tomarrow :( Not looking forward to that . 
I am soooo mad !! I just found out someone directly copied my hat design and has a booth selling them at the Fremont Sunday Market ! they are the exact pattern of my hats and they are using most of the same fabrics and furs ! I don't even know how long this has been going on . If anyone goes there in the coming weeks and sees them , be sure to give them some shit for me . 
Sakuracon @ the Seattle Convention Center and Norwescon in Seatac this weekend !! 
Virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , you get the virus too ! Please copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on MSNBC and SNOPES .. please pass it on 
U-district Street Fair this Saturday and Sunday . see you there , my < PROPFEMALE > wing booth will be between 43rd and 45th st. 
Folklife Festival at the Seattle Center Friday thru Monday !!! My booth will be in the Founders Court Area(north of the Fountain ) . See you there !! 11am-8pm 
If anyone has any extra Burning Man tickets they want to sell , I will buy them immediately !!!! Let me know !! 
I wish i was back in Black Rock City . . . . . . 
Caught up on 6 hours of emails , 4 hours of crafty busywork , then a renegade dance party under a bridge ! I'd say it was a productive day Friday . Now for more work , work , work ... that's what I get for taking 2 weeks off in my busiest season of the year ! Ahhh , so far behind .. Don't worry you will get your wings before halloween , I promise . 
