this next year better have some better shit coming to me , cuz i definetely have some exciting shit coming to it ! 

the next ten years will determine the rest of my life xD 
such a pointless day today .... 
damn the break is almost over and i really didnt kick it with anyone ... or more like no pne kiked it with me lol 
whats up full of causes concersn ..... WHATS UP PEOPLE !? WHATS UP PEOPLE ?!! WHATS UP PEOPLE ?! are you scared ?.... 
almost home .... 
fine as fuck 
doesnt wanna go home , he just wanna get out of this country !!! 
is oficially homeless ! and has no house to stay ! will need a place to crash ! 
is lonely .... 
is sad and homeless .... wow .... i need sum luv ! 
is looking for a second job ! 
never let go of my hand .... 
some people die some people cry from the wicked ways of love 
yea !!!! hooked up , y lap top !!!! 
loop and loop as i go around this world of crazy love crazy feelings crazy gambles .... hopefully i'll settle soon ... 
you better watch what the fuck flies out of ur mouth , or im guna hijack a plane and fly it into ur house .... burn ur apartment with ur family tied to the couch , and slit their throats so when they scream , only blood comes out ... hehe 
hey got new aim add me soulfulstrum131 
fuck skype aint downloading !!!!!! 
ne one down to watch < PROPMALE > with me and < PROPFIRST > ?? 
my ankle still hurts ... but it looks like im meeting soccer eye to eye ... i know if i play i wont get hurt .... because I ve sat down for way too long ! 
well this is it .... im actually leaving ..... 
hahaha u make me happy cuz u trapped me into ur little world of us 
got a hp ticket ... anyone wanna go with me ?? 
just wanna be with u and hold u 
mmmmmm choco bananos 
just promise me u wont drop me .... 
love to play my baby even when its hurt ... dont worry ... i'll fix u and we can still b together :D 
come fly with me lets fly lets fly away ... 
screw all of the no on prop 8 haters !!! FUCK YOU !!!!!! 
i wanna love u ! love and treat u right .... 
life is worth much more then dough ! 
i smoke 2 joints in the morning i smoke 2 joints at night , i smoke to joints in the afternoon , and it makes me feel alright , i smoke 2 joints in time of peace ... 
every life we have some trouble ... when u worry it'll double so dont worry b happy !! 
anyone wanna go with me to a j rock concert on saturday ?? sf tickets r 28 dollars ... really fun !!! 
i need a joint .... 
me and < PROPMALE > fong have bromance <3 
its like i keep on falling down this dark abyss of hurt ... FUCK !!!! 
no se .... en serio es que ya ni se que < PROPFEMALE > pasandonos ... 
in these harsh times ... all i can do is sing it up .... 
damn im feeling a lot better ! a little ssleep did good ! 
gettin ready for warmup ... im going to win this game for sure ! 
started the seaosn with a clean sheet ! what could be better ? 
oooooooo !!!! FOXY LADY !!! 
as time goes by , since i am a love addict there is an evanescent secret in my heart , all i can do is bid u sweet dreams .... 
i wanna love wanna love wanna love ya .... 
HOLY SHIIIIIIIIII !!!!!!!!! REALLY GREAT CONCERT !!!!! HYDE WAS AMAZING !!!!!! KAZ WAS JUST CHILLIN AND PLAYING GUITAR ... HE COULD HAVE GOTTEN MORE INTO IT ..... BUT THE BASSIST WAS REALLY INTO IT !!!!!! I LOVE YOU VAMPS !!!!!! 
USA doesnt have their starting lineup ... explain y mexico is winning ... they have their bench on full of 17 yr olds 
i just want to put my soul into these six strings ... 
< PROPFEMALE > stringing my chrome strings from my guitar ..... these are screwing up my playing .... time to back to standards ... or jazz light/ blues .... ahhh i hated these hopefully they didnt mess up my guitar ... 
is thinking of buying an SG .. but what kind of pickups should i get ?? 
ahh my guitar is stringless .... i cant play how i feel :( o well .... 
thats what you get for waking up in vegas ! 
i wish i was famous so i can donate 1/3 of my makings to public schools .... 
Im walking through your world , feels like im enduring xeveral 1000's of years , i sustained life from immortality , watching you , the folly humans indiscriminantly kill and justy endless wars . JUST SET ME FREE and BLIND ME !! the height of absurdness calling 
whoever egged my house did a really shityy job ... ameteurs ;) 
happy 12 months !!!!! 
its my anniversary with my baby ... and im going to make her MOAN and SCREAM !!!! 
is done .. damn tht was 2 hours of wailing !!! ahh me and my guitar ( my baby ;) ) need a rest .. 
y es por ti ... 
ahhh will this feeling never end ? i hope not ;) 
FML FML FML FML !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
world apart ..... 
soon enough ... i know its coming to me soon ... gotta embrace myself .... 
yea another win ... 6-1 fosho !!!! 
i miss l arc en ciel :( 
i miss the good old 90's :'( 
is lost ... just god damn lost !!!! 
a cold beer always taste good after a hard days of work ... ahh i love beer ! 
u deserve a kiss for me !!!! 
Fuck theatrical Baby girl because you actual 
??????? 
how come all the songs i write happen at this mime of hour ? 
NOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! NO GOD DAMN COOKIES !!! WHAT THE FUUUUCK !!!!!!! 
really wants a ramones shirt ! 
has finally concluded that < PROPFIRST > beiber is a fag ! 
im dry ... anyone whos not dry hit me up ! 
is quitting .... 
cant wait till school starts hehe so i can work for money ! 
STOP !!! shower time !!! 
good things are going to happen to me !!!! 
??????? ahh sets my my mood !!! 
anyoone down to have a poker night at my place ??? 
just updated firefox !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > got tickets to the barca game !!!! lower level seats 10 row !!!! cant wait to see messi ! 
anone dowsn to skype ? 
come fly with me lets fly away ! 
thinking about selling my wii+games and my TV 
inexhaustible energy 
gym or no gym ? that is the question ! 
stream of tears 
zephyr u got me in the Bluesy mood !!! 
because nobody loves ou like i do .... just you ;) 
sometimes just want to know WHY ?!?!?! 
u know what ! fuck it ! 
Fuckin AY !!!! im Hella fuckin sore !!!!! and i have a god damn game tomorrow !!!!!! FUUUUUCK !!!!!!!! 
is going to give away his tele once he gets his SG 61 ' re issue 
JUST BLIND ME !!!!!! SET ME FREE !!!!!!! 
fuck it just gotta keep my heads up high and get through this 
has a lot of things to think about ... and i stil need a real hug :'( 
tomorrow is another day ... jammin with < PROPMALE > and my boy jeremy ... i'll sing akfg till all these tears that have been inside me go away ... 
so thanks to all the good friends who helped me .... u dried them tears without me even showing them ... akfg and guitar here i come but with no tears and wih all love and passion :D 
screw the SG im getting a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
do u remember that day baby ? im still alive im still here 
FUCK MY G STRING !!!!!!! 
im in love with a ghost such a beautiful thing in the world 
lol messi was sick !! lucky he was on my side the first half so got tons of pictures !!! 
i tipsy .... 
would u love in bently ? would u love on a bus ? 
why do i epically fail ?!?!!? 
is thinking of learning the drums ... 
ia fuking pissed !!! 
watching spongebob employee of the month 
It's like the devil in me saw the God in you 
i appreciate skillz over billz 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ..... :'( 
the last day of my freedom .... thigs will go hard from here mentally , emotionally , and physically ..... ahhh shit ... :'( 
how come all the horoscopes are usually right ? its really creepy 
just made a twitter 
is bored and is trying to do something before school starts tomorrow ... ahhh snap ... nutn to do :( 
alright its time to do this shit ! 
GOOD NIGHT TO YOU . I ALWAYS DO THINK OF YOU , EVEN WHEN I AM FAR AWAY WERE YOU WONDERFUL TODAY ? BECAUSE SURELY THERE WILL BE GOOD TOMORROWS , SWEET DREAMS . 
jazz band was sick !!!!! 
i just want to waste another day with you 
fcukin shit man i cant sleep and i have to get up at 4 am for starbucks interview ... fml 
... ahh shit .... too much to handle some sleep can help .... 
new day lets hope it goes well ! 
just figured out how to use the com wifi portal 
days is good so far :P 
you can't trust women ... you just can't 
ahaha that was very interesting 
WTF !!!!?!?!?! what happened yesterday ? I cant remember shit !!!! :( 
chinga esto !!!! sera q lo termino ? ya estoy cansado de estos babosadas . 
Ya no me amas , ya no me quieres , sólo me odias todo bien , y me pongo a pensar que tú y yo va a acabar , y sería mejor si ya no estás aquí , y me pongo a temblar , porque empiezo a reir y por < PROPFEMALE > seg < PROPFEMALE > do puedo ver que salgo de aquí ... aquí de aquí Nadie f < PROPFEMALE > ciona , < PROPFEMALE > me sirve , todo puede terminar y siempre bien , < PROPFEMALE > ciudad , me va a aplastar , es < PROPFEMALE > a sala de espera , < PROPFEMALE > ciudad se puede derretir y yo pue 
Ya no me amas , ya no me quieres , sólo me odias todo bien , y me pongo a pensar que tú y yo va a acabar , y sería mejor si ya no estás aquí , y me pongo a temblar , porque empiezo a reir y por < PROPFEMALE > seg < PROPFEMALE > do puedo ver que salgo de aquí ... aquí de aquí 
wrote a new song 
goodbye jamba !!!!! 
my trip was a nice trip ... i like it ! 
i have no swagger :( 
im just a kid looking to play ;) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is on the train to AUSCHWITS !!!! 
SEX DRUGS AND ROCK N ROLL !!!!!! 
~ it must be love ~ 
misses his baby !!!!!! 
gonna play ToS all over again and beat it agian for the 16th time 
is the BEAR JEW !!!!! 
WTF ?!?!?! CALLED IN FOR JURY DUTY !!!!!!!! NO :'( 
doesnt know what to do :( 
killin nazis with < PROPMALE > ! 
I'm Just A Vagabond With Flowers For Algernon The Average < PROPFIRST > Who Knows What The Fuck Is Goin On 
found his < PROPFEMALE > 
is the roulette dares 
FUCK LOST MY EARING !!!!!! 
life is looking good :) 
I SAID GOOD DAY ! 
waiting for a counselor to add a class so i can get my damn scholarhip !!!! ive been here too damn long ! 
ugh .. im getting fat and flabby :( gotta hit the gym :/ 
you need cool air , baby im not foolin ,, im gonna send ye , back to school eh , way down inside , oo shorty u need , im gonna give u my love , im gonna give u my love ! 
< PROPFEMALE > la lla la 
what happens in a rave ... will stay in a rave cuz chances are u wont remember what happened 
needs to go pedal shopping soon ! 
why did < PROPMALE > get fired ? 
is ditching sociology to study sociology 
WHAT ?!?! < PROPFEMALE > IS BANNED FROM SIGNING PLAYERS TILL 2011 ?!?!?! THATS BULLSHIT !!!! 
yes ! the weekend is here !!! 
needs to get back on the field ! 
truly one of the best nights ! 
FML .... so lonely :( 
bros before hoes is definitely something that I will now take to heart ... cuz ur bro will always be there more than anyone else , so they deserve all ur heart . 
WTF ?!?! my sociology book is in my truck and i need to study for a test .... and the truck is locked and my dad has the keys !!! fml ... 
it may not be you .... but she looks like you 
needs to get his guitar fixed .... anyone know someone that can fix it ? 
Lovesick like a dog with canine sensitivity Developing this new theory of relativity 
did you know at least 850 men were a victim to PMS abuse in the bay area ? 
SCREW YOU FACEBOOK !!!!! DISTRACTING ME FROM STUDYING ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!!! 3 yr old girl taken by a man driving a new silver truck plate 72b381 from Stockton , CA keep it going change your status even just for one hour please . 
is thinking about getting new cleats ..... lasers or F50i's ? 
she was standing on a < PROPFEMALE > hill breathing everysingle pleasant feeling even though the world is turning lonely eyes she decided to take funny pills slowly falling into shallow sleeping even though the world is turning lonely eyes so sweet i kill you so sweet i kill them all kill them all 
i love this kind of weather ! 
TETSUYA WILL BE HOMECOMING < PROPMALE > ! ( no doubt in my mind ) 
i hope they serve beer in hell ! 
my day will be over ay 730 :( 
it feels like December .... good night everyone ! 
off to work ! yay ! 
feels privledged to serve Geroge < PROPMALE > his coffee this morning :) 
ENERGY 92.7 IS GONE !!!!!! NOOOOOOO THIS IS BULLSHIT ! 
is lonely ... needs a hug 
just got home from work .... just have to finish my essay , study for my sociology test that i will most likely fail .... ahh life is so hard , i know i can get through this hard time , oh and i have an overdraft fee fml , gotta get to USF ! gotta keep at it ! 
is done with his essay ! Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
BLINK 182 !!!!! sucks !! 
fuck relationships ! 
got wrapped 
Open wrist talks back again In the wounded of its skin They'll pinprick the witness In ritual contrition 
is my apocolypse !!!!! 
last night was a good night 
Oi lienda < PROPFEMALE > che fas ? < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > que tal ? but < PROPFEMALE > , je ne comprends pas francais So you'll have to speak to me some other way 
yesterday , it was intense , it was an epic war , the story of one man . < PROPMALE > , saved my life multiples times , while facing thousands of Nazis , Using his MG-42 to take them down one by one while reviving me , < PROPMALE > is a true hero AN AMERICAN HERO !! 
shit ... its official .... im addicted :/ 
worst day ever ! FML got a bad test grade ! and bad grade on my essay ! and kicked out of class ! im starting to doubt myself ... 
loves russian people ! 
hasnt seen his little brother in two days :'( 
life is seriously sucking ! thinking about dropping english ... 
anyoe down to party tonight ? 
dads getting pissed cuz all i do at home is chat on my lap top . and he says thats not what its for , and he says if your gonna be in my house you cant be chatting all the time . the biggest bull shit ever . 
excuse me while i kiss the sky 
making music , and writing too bassist < PROPMALE > cortenaga 
finished 2 songs !!!! yess ! 
the best day ever !!!!! ands the funniest xD a gay drunk guy asked if i wanted it up the \yoo hoo\ " and then another guy asked if i wanted to come home with him xD . made 2 new songs ! and had the best night as well ;) " 
loves < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
always has bad luck :( 
needs better days ! and needs to blaze !!!! and have a shit load of haze ! and defenitly needs to rave ! 
were better together .... 
fuck ! the creative music isnt flowinf within me right now ! i cant evaluate my music and add more to it !!!! FML !!!!!!!! 
goodbye soccer ? 
come one , let me talk 2 u , ive got a feelin in my head , cmon let me wlk with u , ive got a feelin in my head , yeaaaa i cant express this emotion , i cant express this emotion , this emotion in me , i cant express this emotion thay will make my mind free ,, yeaaaa i cant express this emotion , yea !!!!! 
needs to get better at guitar ... fuck .... 
yess , yesss , yess !!!! im getting somewhere !! 
is super happy !!! made a lot of progress !!!!! 
horrible day at work !!!!!!! fuck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hmmm should i get a tatoo ?, pierce my eyebrow ? and grow my hair ? or just one ? 
is tired of being the nice guy .... 
ok ... the mustang isnt for me .... what kind of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > should i buy ? 
niggest and worst fight ever ..... kimbo will be < PROPMALE > ! 
really needs to think things through before i make this decesion ... 
legit day today .. mencia stand up is really good ! 
god damnit ziggy !!!!!!!! 
first guitar lesson tomorrow ... wish me luck ... 
growin the fro agian haha 
hmmmmm thnking of coming up with another crappy song of mine ... but i cant cuz im tired .... fml 
hmmmmm still dont know which guitaar i want ... fmfl 
< PROPMALE > is a PIMP !!!! 
just had his lesson ... a lot to learn and a lot to practice .... music < PROPMALE > here i come 
gotta choose 3 songs for my next lesson to learn ... any suggestions ? 
ahhh there is no room for me in this world ..... what am i to do ... im tired of being a nobody in this pathetic life .... i need more sensation .... 
fml and this shit ... im just gonna practice my scales till i pass out .... FMFL !!!!! 
dad fuck you ! learn to be a real father 
well a good day today .... all i can hope for is a better one tomorrow 
is about to be a barista at 4 am as usual ..... * sigh * im tired 
parents want me to go to therapy ..... wtf ?!?! 
needs a brownie ..... 
really wants to go back to sleep and just live in the dream he just had 
anyone down to go shoot ? 
is thinking of getting a longboard maybe ... 
just wants to create music for the whole world to enjoy .... how do i do this ??? 
starting to hate the ridiculous fighting in this world .... 
u can never break me 
Eddie : you karate kicked < PROPFIRST > when u were high ? Me : I'm a functional pothead < PROPFIRST > , thts y i can karate kick people when im high . < PROPFIRST > : damn i cant do that when im high me : thats cuz ur a disfunctional pothead , ur stoopid ! < PROPFIRST > : shut the fuck up !..... i need a tutor 
is gonna work on his song about immigration and the DREAM act 
never got to finish the song .... writers block ... sigh ..... AND i really miss her too :( 
is starting to think school aint for him .... 
perhaps i should go into law enforcment 
parnormal activity got me trippin ! 
has found the source of his depression ! aha ! 
BABY JUST SAY YES ! 
brownies soon ! < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > : < PROPMALE > . How you doin' ? < PROPMALE > Campbell : Hey , < PROPFEMALE > , who's playing today ? < PROPFEMALE > : Jolly Green Giants and the Shitty Beetles . < PROPMALE > Campbell : Shitty Beetles ? Are they any good ? < PROPFEMALE > : They suck . < PROPMALE > Campbell : Then it's not just a clever name . THE BEST LINE < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is dissapointed in his guitar playing .... 
ok i have two choices .... drum lessons or voice lessons ?.... hmmm which to choose ?.... 
wants life for everyone to be groovy 
ghana gano !, lol and i special brownies today ! groovy ! 
doing his english rewrite essay ..... GREAT !!! 
misses her .... awwwwwww shit 
back from work .... really wants to do something like jam ? or hit it ? 
really really wants a japanese fender !! 
Twilight is a big , steaming pile of toe-curling bullshit . 
one day i'll be there .... lets make it soon 
kikin it with < PROPMALE > playing border lines and eating redboys ... what can get better than this ??? 
procrastination .... whoop < PROPFIRST > fuckin doo ! 
bonito ... todo me parece bonito .... 
goin to prsctice my scales ... yippeee !!! 
i just realized i had an awesome dream in my sleep last night ... 
finally !!! the weekend is here ! 
will i ever sing like him ??? or write like him ??? ... i hope one day ... hopefully soon 
damn .. i broke my chain ! 
finals are upon us .... 
so im looking for a fender cyclone .... this will be impossible :( 
fuck i still have to START that essay ... 
as i progress into this essay on cannabis , i must completely agree that cannabis can only be good for the U.S 
whoa ... my dad added my friends on FB ?! WTF ?! 
nature is a whore 
weezer u SUCK ! 
one of the worst days today :( 
so ... so ... so ... sore ugh :( 
i want a pokemon as my profile pic ! 
yet again .. modern warfare 2 :) 
SEXY BITCH Oh YEA !!!!!!! 
dratiiiiiiniiii !!!! 
nadie me quire todos me odian mejor me como < PROPFEMALE > gusanito , < PROPFEMALE > corto la cabeza , lo saco lo de adentro , ZOOOP . que < PROPMALE > gusanito ! 
gotta go to work , gotta go to work 
ok where the fuck is my Tele ?! 
is Mr. Groovy ~~~~ 
feel the heat ! 
man im gettin a Mustang ... but i really want a Jag Stang .... 
misses the old L ~ Arc ~ En ~ Ciel 
New years resolution ? Why not have one everyday ? 
agghh im going to write a love song but hey what can i say ? i love her :) 
Awww man . No boooze to share with my cousins ... sucks that hes pussy whipped now 
Damn , that is some good schist 
May the west be with you 
Yeeeesshhh polllo campero be jealous ! 
everyone is gone .... 
watchin an asian go at it at the drums .... shit hes getting good ! 
ne1 down to buy a fender telecaster for 350 ? obo . just got a new setup and put new elixer strings on so it means u dnt have to change ur strings for at least a year ... unless u break it , even if u break it i will restring it for u . or a Takamine G series acoustic guitar with low action and a hard case with a year warranty so if u break it , u get a new one , it goes for 300$ or best offer . hit me up if ur interested . 
f it wasnt for L arc en ciel i dont know where id b ... 
wow after 3 months of modern warfare ... no one is playing world at war ... 
good day today ... thinking about stock investment 
finally my lap top is back :) 
new skype : soulfulstrum131 
needs to download guitar pro .... 
i gotta kick start now ! 
downloaded hydes solo work .... damn ... its so amazing ! 
when ur trying to do something as good as another person who has been doin it for 20 years ... its a pain ... 
god damnit i need a damn hug ! 
pops is an asshole as usual ... 
fuuuck .... i need to write a solo inthe key of A .... but .... i need a loop pedal .... anyone wanna spare 100 bucks ?! hahaha jk 
HYDE ! ur so god damn fucking amazing !!!! y cant i b like u ?! ur the damn fucking shit ! 
hmmm drop E to C# ... lets see what happens .... whoa !!!! 
sigh ... almost 19 ... whoopdee fucking doo ! 
..... 
good bye mustang .... 
ont he day of my birthday im writing a new song .... i hope its good 
thanks for all th eb day wishes ! 
ok fuck this im saving up for a twin reverb ! 
WHAT UP BIIITCHES !!! NEW NUMBA 913-8614 ! 
is really really down to rally today 
god damn i hate sleeping when im hungry ! 
hard style !! 
ghost n stuff 
if i were a character from friday , its safe to say im smokey 
this year ... i will try to take part in no shave november 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
ok fuck the colts .... go saints !!! 
ahahha super bowl in HI-DEF fuck yea ! 
ok fuck homework 
hahaha i now know what ima b doin valentines day ... PARTYYYY BBITCHES !!! 
im not christian but ima pray for my momz and bro for a safe flight , and a safe vacation . and hope that god gives thema safe trip 
anyone down to buy some vapors ? 
awwwww fuuck i miss the long hair !!!! 
wtf ?! facebook ?! whyyyy ?! 
mom and lil bro are safe :) 
* SLAP*keep yo hands off my mama and keep yo hands off my doridos ! 
so perfect .... this moment 
awwwwwwww my lil bro called fasho today is a good day 
legit night ... but one thing i learned is i shouldnt blaze too much like today ... i seriously say some stipid crap sometimes ... 
sonomamade 
Entre Dos Aguas 1976 
listening to jazz and doin math HW ... how legit 
JIBUN WO !!! SEKAI SAEOMO KAETESHIMASHITA ! :P 
hahaha for once in my life someone around my age think im cute ... how swell hahah 
three things i need to get by the end of saturday ... new earing ... guitar setup and a damn v day gift ... 
hasnt gone stupid in minutes haha 
laruku 
sex is on fire !!! 
ignore ur stupid emotions and just go with ur gut feeling and sayyyy fuuuuck it to the retarded shit tht happens 
if only i had a good voice .... life would b a lot better 
fuck how do u open a rar . file ? 
damn im a beer pong champ !!!!!! 
well ... i guess im celebrating 19 yrs of having no valentines .... yay 
finally we finished our first song ... its called smile 
sokouso ! 
so baby dont u cry 
what a legit day :) fuck v day ! when u can holler at women ! 
just tried to take which sexual postion i am ... but then i couldnt answer the questions cuz they dont apply to me :( 
fuuck i havent watched secret life in ages ... somene update me ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and clover = tanoshii 
legit study sesh hahaha 
fml .... 
yep the worst day ever .... fml ... 
is on penecilin and codone .... plz no more pain ! 
life is ... happy :DD 
first meal in 5 days ... this is beautiful ! @ 
you go your way i'll go my way 
fuck now i really want to plan a trip to japan ! 
bored .... lol cant sleep ... 
whats there to do today .... 
awww man i miss playing soccer :'( 
whoa !!! its time for a haircut !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > 9:1 and God Said , \ let me spread all the seeds for people to enjoy\ " i hope you know what seed im talking about ;) " 
sore throat is gone !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ok whos trying to smoke today ? 
jam sesh today .... yesh !!! :3 
way to go < PROPFIRST > ! u got sick , now u fucke dup math and are way behind and the stupid computer is giving u questions tht are retarded as fuck ! this math class is gay as fuck !!!! 
im in a rave mood ..... 
no favorite band : Tokio Hotel 
time to get the cleats back on ... gloves strapped on .... 
goin to the field .. if anyone wnts to shoot hit me up 
teaching myself how to roll a blunt 
guess i just got a new < PROPMALE > name .... sexican lol 
let's all roll a blunt and get fucked up YEEEEE ! 
dear God , why do i attract only older women ? and why do i attract also onkly attract foreigh people ? and why is it i attract europeans as well ? an above all ... they are all older than me .... why God ? why ?? 
write a song or watch the hangover ? 
godd damn i came up with some legit melodies right now ! thank u Motta !!!! u have truly helped !! 
only 5 more months .... till i go fucking crazy .... yea ... FUCK YEA ! 
see the world behind my wall 
legot day so fatr ... hjad lunch with good ole ' friends , now im cleaning the house and listening to reggae , through the house sound system , lettin in the nice breeze with the nice day . just a legit day . 
~ honey ~ 
GIGITY GIGITY GOO !!! 
that morning , i want to go back to , so i cross the rainbow . 
u just gotta love < PROPFEMALE > haha 
i wish i could learn how to scream ... 
Line6 MM4 
soreness ! thank you workout ! 
time to tell my pops that i crashed the car .... oh boy ... 
no woman no cry 
waiting for the World Cup to come .... im gonna go nutz ! 
smoke sesh .... time to work on those bars haha 
boxed room .. the hangover hot pockets , chiups grapes and soda .... id say this day is legit 
BACK_ON 
parents coming home ... super scared .... but at least my cousin is gonna live with us now :D 
now tht i havet o pay off so many things i really dont wantto tave up for a car nymore ... 
to do list 1 ) take a shower 2)clean the house 3 ) look for truck keys 4 ) do scholarhip application 5 ) jam 6)workout 7 ) go to Guitar Centre and see if i can get my Takamine fixed 8 ) pick up parents from SFO 
has a grinder , loves to roll .... and is buying tree again ... am i becoming a pothead again ? maybe im just a musician who is a pothead ... 
god damn fuckin candaians ! 
heaven is gone ... cant smoke dro in thouse anymore , cant leave whenever i want without telling pops , cant comeback home hella late .... life .... officially sucks again ... 
life would be a lot better if i were tall 
cant do hw right now .. lets practice scales and theory yea ? 
why do i keep on loving you ? 
i just want peole to see the wolrd behind my walls 
changed the string on the stang 69 ' .... lovin life in my room with no one to bother me 
ok so my tele is gonan b gone for a bit ... thts cool its for a good reason ... i have to break in this mustang ... idk i think its for the best if i can get used to it ... the bridge is buzzing though ... 
mientras sigue viendo tu < PROPFEMALE > de la < PROPFEMALE > , mientras sigue escuchando tu voz , entre las olas , entre la espuma , minetras tengo que cambiar la radio de ectacion , porque cada cancion me hable de ti , de tiiiii 
happy birthday lil bro ! 
fuc k verizon 
gotta move out soon ... 
what a legit day to de stress about family problems ... and what afucking jam sesh i just had ... first time jamming with a drummer 
beer makes u stupid ... bud makes u wiser 
hahah if shes gonna be my roomie were about to hve a reggeaton parrrtyyyy ! 
pawn my Sax ? or craigslist it ? 
just free your mind 
potentially a new song ? hmmmmm 
\Hemp is of first necessity to the wealth & protection of the country . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
i feel like im shutting from the sky 
out of all this bad thats gonan happen and happened ... only something good can happen i hope 
lookin for a roomate .! hit me up if ur tryin to move out 
ok mother fuckers , im not a drug addict . weed is not a drug . so quit treating me as if i am one . and no weeed does not possess my mind , and make me addicted . dumbasses get your shit right before u talk or think shit 
2 spliffs+2 blunts = fun night :D 
After Dark .... N . G . S .... Rewrite ... My world down ...... Blue Train 
danit gotoh ! u write such good music ! 
droppin school ... 
washed .... -_- 
Leland : Hey whats that on your ass ? Me : oh thats C4 on my ass 
no one knows my struggle , they only see the trouble 
strenght training isnt for me . 
got work tomorrow time to hit the sack 
< PROPFIRST > mccartney = legit musician = legit music 
workin on lyrics ..... lets hope i got good ones :/ 
is worried ... little bro has a 102 fever ... 
f we cant make love , we can always make peace 
im sorry mom i never meant to hurt ur or cry .... 
just downloaed like 10 albums problem is ... i cant find my i pod connector :( 
just woke up and i went to the kitchen and found tortillas , guacamole , carne asada , some red sauce and some cilantro ..... best wake up by far 
fuck ! medical < PROPMALE > came in today ! fml 
you bust lead ? so do i 
parent found my salvia trip vids hahahahahahaha 
smokin cigs , drinkin coffee , readin a book , listening to coltrane , with a rainy day . :D 
musicals r nice to listen to hah 
damn germans are hardcore 
flashback ..... i cant have more of this ... fml 
it is the spring time of my loving ... 
lol look at me . only been playing for a year and 8 months and im giving lessons now hahaha this is legit 
another chill smoke sesh 
its a party in the USA !!! 
missing the long hair 
just got home hella tired . i look in the fridge and i see tht my dad has a shit load of corona , haha gotta love corona on a nice day lol 
fuck you u stupid song ! i cant play u by ear ! 
haha legit smokin seshes today lol . rolled a j and a blunt haha and went hiking haha 
washed ... just woke up 
its a nice day ... haters are haters , just gonna learn < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > songs and kik it on my day off 
this woman will be my wife ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tGieanN5JQ&feature=related 
is thinking sbout growing my hair out liek < PROPFEMALE > did in 69 ' 
< PROPFEMALE > is boring when ur dry =( 
this calls for a celebration blunt 
just got an offer to play for a psychadelic band 
im 19 yrs old ..... and im still playing and watching pokemon .... who has a problem with this ? 
you know something is wrong when people say ur doing something right and u doing it frowning , and when ur smiling and u think ur doing something right , everyone else frowns .... 
R . I . P Nujabes aka Jun Seba . I will always remember how u changed my life 
is having a shitty day 
who's down to go to a pillows concert with me ? 
NUJABES IS BOSS RIP 
good night last night 
pumped for tommororw !!! Hopefully i'll do good 
fuck i want an orange ! 
fml overtime ... and a jamless day .... i feel so shitty 
Line 6 MM4 , Wumpler triple wreck , Boss RC-2 
is learning how to scream 
my friend wansts to know what the big deal with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
cant wait for my next paycheck ! 
haters haters haters . suck one bitched and fuck you all !!!! 
slept in the afternoon today . cant sleep at all . damnit 
id rather regret doing something i did , than regret something i didnt do 
haha just did a cover of tokio hotel automatich ..... now all i have to do is be able to sing it and im set 
about to b a crackin shift hahah 
nube toobs are for faaaaaaags ! 
theres no real love in you 
G curly will make my night 
THIZZ FACE XC 
my pops just hated on hendrix ..... 
wenn du lachst ... 
juust woke up ..... 
todayyyyy is the greaaaatest daayy I everrr had , todayyy is the greaaaatest ! 
time to download smashing pumpkins 
legit day so far . 
HAAAAANGIN OUUUT ! DOOOWN THE STREEEET THE SAME OL'E THING WEEE DID LAST WEEEEK 
hella tree leftover ..... 
my better is better than your better 
is breezin 
its gettin hot in here 
made some sexy foam today at work 
about to go to bed .... second i get off work tomorrow at 4:30 its about to b a crackin weekend ! 
what should i buy for my next paycheck ? 
about to go to work . ... 
u remember the 90's if u know hooked on phonics commercial was on every 5 < PROPFEMALE > 
its offficial . im growin the hair out again 
crosssss joint yeaaaaaa .... hahahaaa 
chillin wit my azn buds haha 
about to jam soon wooot ! 
2 hours past by like it was 5 minutes ... damn 
perfect day to listen to < PROPFIRST > satriani 
shoul di get a gillette mach 3 ? or Gileete fusion ? 
work at 4 am tomorrow . off at 9 am then im offf tuesday ..... looks like its gonna b full of blazun hahah 
just got home ..... what to do .... what to do ... 
tired as fuck . washed as fuck . on my day off . fuck yea :) 
such a nice day outside .... hella wanna kik it today 
doc says i shouldnt sing for a couple of weeks damnit DX 
boredom ..... complete .... utter .... boredom .... 
i put fait in myself and not the system 
make sure ur not fufilling your parents ' dream and them , make sure ur fufilling your own dream and yourself . 
got new vans ! 
bros before hoes ! 
black beans and rice ... mommas special ! yum ^_^ 
i smoke in times of madness . i smoke in time of peace 
could you be loved ? yess i kno i could hahaha 
peacland 
simple rhymes 
NEW SOUTHPARK SEASON !!!!!!!!! 1030 
ohh u got a scrotum coat ? luckyyyyyyy 
tomoorw is spongebobs favorite holiday ! 
shopping list for the year ... Fender Passpor 150 pro , Boss RC-20XL , Line 6 MM4 , Wampler triple wreck , A car , a fender Jaguar or Jazzmaster or Gibson < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > or SG 
home from work . about to go mountain biking 
boring day ... very boring day 
fuck you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
whoa ! its 8 ?! damn anyone tryin to do something tonight ? 
trifffffffffectaaaaaaaa 
dont hate on my trifectaaa bitches 
just gotta a bloody nose while headbanging to slipknot ... fml 
i found old spit on the bridge of my stang .... fuck 
about to watch pineapple express with my momz .... i wonder how this will go lol 
too many fails today . 
when ur best friend goes away and makes u sad , but then randomly shows up . < PROPFEMALE > couldnt B any happier . thanks for making my day old < PROPMALE > i missed ur face 
mic stand mixer and speakers are setup with the mic . fuck this is is amazing 
im smart . im just academically stupid 
should just focus on the songs already written . then worry about writing more later.as < PROPMALE > Cobain said music first , then lyrics 
fuck fb chat 
broke again ... 
hey mom whats for breakfast ? Pupusas . FUCK YEA ! watch ur language ! 
off to work .... sigh .... 
fuck i hate it when i lose my tuner XO 
is super pissed 
got dibs on < PROPFEMALE > , and the greek chick tht helps perseas from clash of the titans . god damn theyre hott 
legit night . gotta love my Menthol Lites 
not tryin to work . hella sleepy . cant wait to get some rest 
just woke up ... heall bored 
Ooooo we belong together 
hella tip money ... hahaha i think you know what tht means ;) 
mom is always right 
heyyyyy shaaaaaawty 
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind 
kicked out agan ha 
write a new song ? 
is hella bored and tryin to dosomething . Hit me up if anyone wants to kik it 
< PROPFEMALE > is a dope ass anime 
Regrettin not getting those pedals 
What a lonely day 
Its funny how music changes ur mood . Thank you < PROPMALE > keys 
Me : do u think hes a republican or a democrat ? Felipe : iono dude , doesnt matter when ur up here . Me : damn .... 
hikmin in the hills was thwe shit 
The same words he told me tht made me feel like shit is now the words tht make me feel like im the shit . Fuck you dad ill prove u wrong 
do you remember that day ? and the time goes by , i am still alive now 
is free breezin 
Luv sic pt 2 
ijust got hit on by three lesbians at work haha 
home from work . tryin to chill 
seasons change , perspecitves change , goals change . 
just got the weedmunchies by thinin about 420 and how im gonna spend it xD 
plan for next week . pizza , music , movies , and dro 
is suuuper hyper ! 
heyy < PROPFEMALE > , i cant wait to see u in the summer ;) 
i love all my bros ... no homo 
night bitches 
damn , first time i wake up before 12 
wants to go to russia for summer ! 
the shadows blurred by tears , frame by frame 
When pl tell me i can do it , it makes me wanna do it . But when ppl tell me i cant do it , it only makes me wanna do it 100x more 
work tommorrow , til 745 . after tht its about to b a weekend 
hey . say . jump ! 
i want shiny humbuckers 
Not diggin work on a saturday . Bout to roll a fat doobie when i get home 
what a night 
o cant u see that it just rainin , aint no need to go outside 
is thinking ... 
modal soul 
needs to find a design for a tatoo 
movies , music , modernwarfare , miyazaki . chill day 
about to b a dope ass day 
i love it when u call me big popppa 
Just realized what i did these past two days is wht ppl need to b doin more ! Im glad i have a lot of time to do this . Luvin life right now 
Just woke up from my nap ... 
work , band practice , workout , then night hike . busy day today 
Sometimes i wish my voice wasnt so deep :\\ 
Hello telecaster . Ive missed u so much 
Guys night round 2 
Cross fade haha 
i think i wanna rock 
Guitar makes me happy :) 
Damn honestly my mustang is more epensive than my telecaster but my tele just sounds fuckin better than it ... 
For an immigrant theres always the struggling story of how they managed to get to usa and the extreme struggle on how they manage to live in the usa . Much respect immigrants . U deserve to b here 
Kinda wanna visit guatemala again ... 
sellin the mustang for a gibson 
chillaxin 
fender mustanf trade in for 2006 gibson SG with $200 dollars ... idk if i should do it ... 
last week was the shit hella fun , hella crazy . time to step my game up 
hard time selling the mustang ... 
GUILT is a bitch and PGS 
anyone looking to buy a new guitar hit me up i got a japanese fender Mustang really new . im sellin it for 850 , tell ur friends if ur momz , cuzns , babies , etc . 
Doobie at my elementary school . Reminscin about the simple times and the fun times 
found a singer .... 
Thank you god . Godess . Or Titan . For giving this earth weeeeeeed . Happy 420 one love 
is these shit load of clouds means God just took a fat hit 
fuccccccck . gotta work 
3 chicken < PROPFEMALE > fes in one shift ... i really did need tht . 
goin back to school 
errrr no emals yet for the mustang ... maybe consignment will help ... 
its a fuckin nice day today . Whos down to shoot or play some tennis ? 
pickup shopping 
APH-1 or Jazz model SH-2 ? fuck this is a hard decision 
goin with the SH-2 . my tele is about to sound dope 
< PROPMALE > improvement in my playing over the last week . life is great 
today is about to b another dope day 
Lunch wit mom 
CHOCO BANANOS !!!!!!! :D !!!!! 
Jaimaican hot box succesful . Being stealthy epic fail . 
Need my lady brown 
Kikin it with the Old Gs with some pupusas . 
Spttin lyrics 
C'est la Vie 
Legit day 
kinda beat already today , and i still have to workout , gonna b an exhausting day today 
workpout for the day ... swim laps and abs . 
Loks like im going SRJC 
Feelin tired . Yet refreshed . 
< PROPFIRST > brown just ruinded Telecasters for me . 
is becoming addicted to tea now .... 
boy do afghan people have beautiful eyes 
Ready steady GO !!! 
nigga nite , with bacardi 151 , purps , homies , and scary movie 
haha starbucks is now playing vampire weekend dope shit 
vamps tickets must b bought ! 
Hahaha dope night 
whoa , yesterday was pretty insane 
ants to go to J town ... RIGHT NOW ! 
K.A.Z. 
Devil Side 
if i have a GF when the world cup comes , and she says Cristiano Ronaldo is hott , keep note , u will automatically get a smack on the < PROPFEMALE > , and u will then b asked to bring me a beer . xD 
officially got my tickets ^_^ super stoked for october 3rd 
Thought it was gonna b a lazy friday . Fuck this day is about to b intense gotta bring my A game baby 
is set . Just got my loop pedal . With a humbucker and distortion pedal on the way . And even got some customers asking when the band is gonna play a live soon . Guess for every down is an up ! :D 
fml i cant find my jar ! 
wants to be edorsed one day ... 
i call up my friend the good angel 
i really wish someone came over and just kiked it with me sippin whiskey , smokin Js and watchin hella funy movies while eating hot pockets . 
get stoned today , tomorrow relax and spend some qualtiy time with my little brother :) 
super washed , super hungover . but to make this day better i got carne asada 
is playin soccer with my lil bro 
looks like im getting an SG 
20 more days .... can you feel the hybrid rainbow ? 
you know summer is here when ur walking around in your boxers at 330 am 
damn , tele is buzzin again ... stupid high E string 
Wonders how my touch and passing is related to my success and vision in life , ha my dad is so childish 
hella tired , good workout today 
ha playin Pajama < PROPFIRST > 
who wants to go on a hike ? 
its better to be hated for what you are , than to be loved for what you're not 
Such a wrap . This day really isnt going according to plan . Time to light a bleezy . 
there goes my hero 
just wrote an intro for a song about arizona . 
Fauxhawk ? 
Affirmation 
I may not have the best technique , but i do have great knowledge and soul 
gotta big decision coming up 
trippy dream .... reaaaaallly tripppy 
I hope one day < PROPMALE > rooney takes out cristiano ronaldos legs one day ... hope tht happens this time in south africa 
damn everyone is busy on a saturday afternoon 
Fillmore = hott chicks 
J town made the day 
Just touched lars ulrichs drum set 
BLOCK PARTYYYYY 
nice weekend off 
Monday . Its a good monday , got a fat smile on my face 
its just simple and clean 
smile upon this day 
Faded lyrics 
triple wreck came in 
its easy breezy 
gonan have to cut smoking , its getting hela expemsive 
jesus christ san < PROPMALE > district ! taking away pepe gonzales from principle w/o giving the people a reason ?! the latino community was getting better and now ur tearing us down . the ppl will fight for their education . 
wat a day 
RPG's ... love em cuz u always do ownage , hate em cuz when u lose and forget to to save when uve gotten hella far . u just get hella pissed 
Skies of arcadia 
Ught tired from wrk . Now i gotta walk home aand hella hungry 
was it me ? or did hella pretty ass girls walk in to bux yesterday ? 
wattcihng my little brother play legend of < PROPFEMALE > a link to the past , hes learning well 
needs to get rid of this weed ... 
it dont mean a thing if it aint got that swing 
Cant sleep and work at 715 uh oh 
Well im gonna b up for 24 ' hours today .... fuck 
Sometimes things are just better not to b known 
rain and bossa < PROPFEMALE > 
too much video games , thanks a lot rainy day 
its funny , you prove ur dad wrong , and he calls u fucking retarded , it just makes him look retarded cuz he just got told out by his son ... politely too . fuck yea cant touch this 
total ownage xD 
Chillin at work signin nirvana 
cant chose , dimarzio or < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . damn 
last amour 
one more day , definately the las dinosaur 
first lesson tiday with < PROPFIRST > Mulvey ... hella scared 
damn its still early hella wanna kik it 
this itty bitty last bit of purple , must go , but .... i really want it to go now 
sometimes , i really fail , and it takes me a while to notice :/ 
just woke up , just had the best three dreams of my lifw :D 
goodbye fender mustang .... 
425 dollars in my pocket < PROPFEMALE > ! But i cant reach it cuz i burnt my hand reallt bad 
funyn how when u think no one can help you , someone ends up knowing the struggle u had , and puts a out a helping hand . it made my day 
is fiendin wayy to hard right now 
saturday is gonna b a shitty day :/ 
its esspresso , not expresso , u fuckin tard 
fur realz tho , quit being a fan of long ass shit , its fucking annoyinh 
feelin the hybrid rainbow 
off to the pillows concert :D 
At the pillows line in sf . Pretty small line 
Chords inside my body 
Today ... i got to touch a god . I had a god stage dive on me , i grabbed his leg , he nodded at me he looked at me . I threw my pick at the other god .... he used it to end his godly encore with the last dinosaurs . I am currntly in my bed . Layin shocked stunned and in awe . Drinking the water tht the gods used in their performance ( yes i took it from stage ) . Today ... was a godly day . Nuff said . 
What a night . Last day smoking . Just woke up .... Damn 
Margaritas for breakfast dooooppee 
anyone trying to buy a guitar let me know i got one for sale 
is cruisin with some old school 
writing a new song 
Ooo lady u got the love i need . Maybe more than enough 
is officially going back to college as a full time student 
< PROPFIRST > Carlin is fuckin hilarious ! 
this jazz book is fuckin insane 
ohh shit , the workout yesterday is hitting me so hard right now , i have no clue how i gonna work farmers 
plz rain , plz rain , plz rain , plz rain ! 
Needs an overdrive pedal 
it sucks when someone had actual talent , and then they loose it because of drugs , such a shame 
Ibanez TS9dx 
fuck i wont b able to watch the fight tomorrow :( 
Im just gonna fuckin fingert it dude . Its just so much easier . -my bassist- 
no quero trabajar 
So a girl came in and had problem with the internet . The bitch was hella flirty and asked if i wanted a titty flash for 20 bucks . Then asked if she could get a job here ... damn this is our future < PROPFEMALE > . Oh she was blonde too . Lolololol 
Smokin A cuban 
bitches brew 
Curly fries 
super tired from work 
Got the fulltone OCD 
my day off , gotta enjoy it while it lasts 
just wrote a new song 
Really wants a long board 
It takes two credits t play a led zepplin song but one for guns and roses lololo 
man i swear it was yesterday when i was changing his dipers 
so south korea waged war on north korea , it doenst matter cuz korea is gonna win XD 
2 more pedals and im set for a pedal board 
welcome to good burger home of the good burger can i take ur order ? 
i feel really sorry for < PROPFEMALE > kids 
whoa ! its staurday ? 
if theres time to < PROPFEMALE > theres time to c < PROPFEMALE > 
No more spending ... 
So should conservatives < PROPFEMALE > obama because he didnt show his birth certificate ? 
Bitch fight at down town dope shit hahah 
Woooooot !!!!! 
yesterday .... WAS DOPE ! 
wrold cup comin soon ... 
If u see sensei at pornographic store , you dont say konnichiwa . - shiouta sensei 
hopin tht jaguar HH comes in tomorrow 
fuck im fienin hard right now 
hope this singer decides to stay :/ 
its already a rough week , i can get through this though 
Wham bam thankyou mam 
wow whale wars is really retarded 
thoughts and ppls decisions running through my mind , oh my , oh my 
Guess < PROPMALE > schon decided to drop into bananas 
hates waiting 
really wants to jam right now 
rewrite , rewrite , rewrite 
Saw splice(drunk ) D- 
ole ole ole ! 
ahhhh the continuous arguments over FB about the world cup , oh how I love it :D 
messi plz make a goa 
now how do i write lyrics ? 
every single time i download music , i loose my i pod connector 
im feelin jazzy today 
Wow bitch ur a sad sad lady . 
Ust got raped by the long < PROPMALE > of the loop 
north korea ! 
Front posted 
theres a new path im going for 
< PROPFEMALE > i hope you destroy mexico 
tired of waiting 
Fuck mexico 
well the coach is retarded < PROPFIRST > must b pissed , now im pissed , mexicans think theyre the shit but theyre not . fuck this day 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was dope so was the karate kid 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Is it me ? Or have the undersogs in the world cup been winning ? 
i think its time to show lil bro some music 
Thank you :) 
Quebraron elano jajajajajaja 
Cagaron < PROPMALE > kaka jajajaja 
Just found my bible in a dvd box set !!!! 
deserves the day off tomorrow 
thinkin of getting my ears pierced again 
hate frapuccinos , miss lattes 
missin toonami right now 
BP anyone ? 
5 hours till work . fo fuckin sho :D 
Learned a lot about this glob < PROPMALE > warming crap . Damn u < PROPMALE > gore 
Total fml moment today 
need someone to go to SF wit me tommorrow 
:D 
Stuck in j town all bymyself 
Wtf boa ?! Where are my 500 dollars% ! 
I am my own best teacher 
Bradely wtf r u doing ?! 
Tht was a goal . God damnit 
Who the hell eats bagels with butter ? 
Mess is about to scrape 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . Never fails to dissapoint 
maxin ' n ' relaxin ' 
could use a beer right about now 
Gmail kicks ass ! 
finally home from a long ass placement test . 
The beat laments the world 
super happy asian techno XD 
Time for a haircut 
is not getting his jaguar till august . This just kinda ruins my day 
I can feel the wind on my head 
Nothin taste good like mels 
really wants a big muff 
no longer needs anymore pedals thanks to the line 6 MM4 , but i could use a wah 
great job < PROPFEMALE > Magno ! For a great close with a semi slow barista ! 
how emberassing < PROPFEMALE > 
its all on you holland ! 
Wants a tattoo 
why is it tht every fender cyclone i find happens to be in an ugly color ?! pleae fender make a reissue of the cyclone ! 
u guys spending money on the fair while im chillin on the beach 
could use a nice cold glass of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Milk 
Fuck these contacts i cant put them on 
off to the studio to reherse with < PROPMALE > Cortegana , and < PROPFIRST > Sedgwick . 
Why am i missing this game ??? 
Galileo galileo 
Wowwwwwww fml sooo bad 
you gotta feel that beat 
black fender cyclone for 300 used in stockton , fuck yea ! 
writing new song , title : brother 
slept in , now i got work in 4 hours . 
whoooos that laaady ? seeexxxyyyy laaaaadyyy 
Stupid hippies 
Worked overtime = deserved blunt 
que < PROPFEMALE > ethpana ! jajajaja 
im getting fat noooooo ! 
hurt his thumb :'( 
off to the studio 
Yesss im < PROPMALE > set to be a full time student no more problems fuck yea ! 
Ur with ur man so y u lookin at me ? 
whoa ! 
wo whats a good Vox amp ? 
Next amp im gettin down the line . AC 30 cc2x 
You know u work too much when someone asks u for ur social security number and u give them ur starbucks partner < PROPFIRST > instead 
ur the only exception 
forgot how much i loved U2 
Im either just bored right now or just really so i dont give a fuck . 
Coffee makes me angry . Tea makes me happy 
setting up my ghetto recording shit at home , hope it records somewhat decently 
so my mic stand and mic is missing , im back to being pissed 
thinkin about learning the drums 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > its about time we get a wal mart 
too tired for this 
Love addict 
fuck windwaker , i forgot how frustrating it gets 
really wants to play video games 
dope shit , jazz appreciation is a GE for srjc 
finally enrolled to SRJC 
< PROPFIRST > johsnons to the sea is dissapointing 
< PROPFEMALE > white is such a G 
dear DR strings , you suck , strings should not break after two days 
diggin the weather 
i want a girl whod rather have an x box over a jewlery box 
my iron lung 
What a legit shift 
im so bad 
Qasa in town again ?! Fml 
home alone this weekend ? hahahah time ot call the niggas over 
< PROPFIRST > trujillio has by far the best thizz face 
Gay asian ppl r just hilarious 
What a night . 
im beneath the surface 
Doctor segura and Doctor lam are bad ass doctors 
so its finalized , the truck is mine , all i have to do is put a new sound system in it with XM radio and im set 
whoa the early l arc en ciel had a little touch of visual kei ... 
people have been postin funny shit lately , hella makin my morning 
fuckin megaman 2 this shit is so hard 
it feels like a monday 
jesus christ i beliieeeve youuu ! 
BEAST 
bored as fuck 
Got bored so now im playing soccer so i know im gonna come back hurt fml 
revolution 
Takin a break from rock and hittin the jazz up 
Its about to be a shitty shift 
so this guy came into s bux and his name was < PROPFIRST > , i asked him if he liked his neighbors ionian and phrygian . he gave me a blank stare and left . jeez .... 
home from work and mom has bagel bites ready , oh how i love u mommy 
one gram = 60 bucks ? fuck tht ! 
anyone looking to buy a multi-effects pedal hit me up i have a line 6 MM4 for sale for 175 mint condition , these usually go for 280 . also if you need a distorion/fuzz pedal i have one for sale also for 185 the wampler triple wreck . hit me up if youre interested 
there are some mean people on youtube 
So this guy came into bux with a 100 dollar < PROPMALE > . Told thr guy i can only give change in 5 and ones . He got hella pissed and yelled at me , gave a wink to his daughter . Dad seemed pissed daughter seemed happy 
Guitar show ? I think so 
yea fuck the triple wreck and the MM4 its all about the aqua puss 
Fuck this day 
gettin my truck soon ! 
25 reasons to worship ninja warrior 
stuck between the time machine and the aquapuss 
12 kingdoms and italian soda 
Think im gonna go with the vox time machine 
fuck why do i jave to open tommorrow again ?! 
fuckin < PROPFIRST > jett 
im so tired i have bags under my bags ... FUCK ! 
Love this weather 
Cockiness growing within me 
Why do bfs bring their gf to guitar center ? 
real madrid game tomorrow !!! 1 but work at 6 am 
Prop 8 is finally considere unconstitutional ... Fuck yea !!!!! 
off to the real madrid game 
Watching iker casillas warm up 
dope game , i called cristiano ronaldo a faggot 
ive had a long day , night bitches 
its my day off , now what to do ... 
Achtung ! 
why are girls calling my house asking for my little brother ? 
so out of shape 
cant go wrong with a small clone 
Sticking with d`addarios . Fuck < PROPMALE > ball and fuck DR 
Time to shop for a pedalboard 
Fuck friday night closes 
Nujabes .... whyyyyy ?! Why did u have to die ?! 
i make a pretty mean capuccino 
Fuckin electro harmonix can suck one . My pedal didnt last one fuckin day 
lost a pedal ... but have a pedalboard ..... 
its just not my day 
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo < PROPFEMALE > watson nooooooooooo ur not hott anymore !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i love my bandmates 
Oh how i love my niggas 
Slutty bitches in post feminist < PROPFEMALE > 
Watchin the boondocks before i open leeeegit 
the time machine is here ! now time to go into a different dimension 
megurine luka is the shiiiieeet ! 
Just got my Jaguar :D 
ill let the smashing pumpkins clear my head of all this shit 
i need a ps3 
Haha i really cant dance lol 
alright , heres how it goes bitches , inception , lenardo di caprio was still in a dream , if you notice , he never wears his wedding ring outside of dreams , but when he's in one he has it on , at then end if you notice , hes has a ring on , totally dreaming . 
Cant trust a bitch 
Damn u < PROPMALE > whyd u let me have a cigarette ! 
i could use a bacon latte every morning 
Im a G with cougars 
I dropped my icecream cone ! : X 
theres a meteor shower .... i dont give a fuck 
legit jam sesh ! 
MMO's drain my life , i lost complete track of time ! 
4am is way too early for saturday 
finally off work ! 
since its my last free saturday , im thinkin the club is the best way to go before school 
i miss working at daycare 
Red 6 standing by 
there aint shit to do 
too many memories with this telecaster 
Fml is this really my saturday night ?! 
vox wah vs crybaby classic 
ready for school ! 
I need to learn how to dance 
Ended my summer with an awesome man movie tht was ridiculously hilarious . Sorry shosh u had to see it . Had a hella fun night 
hahah fuck COM srjc is soooo legit ! 
Sick on my first day ... and work tomorrow at 6am 
Why do i get bored so easily ? 
m feeling a little but better now ! thanks < PROPMALE > a luck ! i owe ya so much ! 
fooood coma ughhhh 
books are retarded 
got all my TEXTbooks , at the price of a paycheck :( 
alright 3.5 hours till my next class , lets do some HW ! 
im getting fat , time to work out before i go to bed fro my 4 am shift 
if there is one thing i learned , is dont fuck with old people ! 
kids these days complain too much 
we had some memories in the back of your car- jahlise 
People who graffiti are assholes 
I remember when smoking weed was fun ... sigh ... 
My setup is complete ! 
Grrrr someone took the last chicken < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! XO 
All shifts are am shifts next week . Hrmmmm 
i hate D flat , but i love C sharp 
The spy next door was a hilarious movie . Cant go wrong with a movie with < PROPFIRST > cham < PROPFIRST > lopez and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Some bossanova on the gg bridge right before rehersal . So nice ahh 
its global warming ! its 83 degrees outside ! on a Mid july ! were gonna die .... stfu ! a hot day is 115 degrees , quit whining 
i thik im gona play sonic all semester 
im listening to a kid who wants to do reflexology because he thinks that it can help peoples health , and thinks medecine sucks , lmao ! 
yes 36 sec out of 2 < PROPFEMALE > and 47 sec , this is gonna be a long guitar sesh 
finally i have my own medical insurance ! 
gotta loose weight ... hello salad ugh 
just saw the Manabe's pedalboard from the pillows , i question why he has marijuana stickers all over his pedals ... 
oh ke$sha , why r u with a hott french girl ? 
bidding on ebay rocks ! 
loves getting things cheaper on ebay especially if its 60% cheaper ^_^ 
Ya me estoy cansando de levantarme a las 4 de la manana cada < PROPFEMALE > 
My lil bro is rockin air forces to school . 
Home made kazoku 
so i guess the actual legit team tht isnt a shitty neighborhood won today , niners , SF > Oakland 
need new kix 
I wonder whats gonna happen to polar bears ? Will they adapt to full time aquatic existence . Move south and become smaller brown bears . Or extinct . Fuck i wish i could live long enought to know ! 
First day playing keeper in a while ... wish me luck ! 
fuck , only less than a month and were still fucked ! why does everyone have to flake ? 
Got a B on my anthropology essay . Gotta keep that up 
mxr phase 90 or boss ph-3 ? or install my new pickups on my jag ? oh the possibilites 
Customers who come in to play WoW are hilarious 
Sincerely 
gotta keep my head up 
WHOA WHOA CALM THE FUCK DOWN MEDIA ! < PROPFIRST > BEIBER CAN NOT AND WILL NOT COMPARE TO < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . PFFFFT WHOS THE BETTER SINGER ? MUCKIN MJ OF COURSE NOT SOME RETARDED LITTLE WHITE BOY WITH NO TALENT 
some dude offered me to join his band and go on tour with him ..... sounds shady 
Really hyper in geolog class lolololol 
Omg ! Peets coffee is like crack ! 
no more talking in class , i got an email from my teacher tht i was too loud 
first think i saw in the bridge was some codl ass heineken and some corona , i think i'll go with corona 
there is no reason to love 
hella statuses saying lil < PROPMALE > and drake is the shit .... sigh ... 
#1 stolen book in the world ..... THE BIBLE .... lmao i dont think jesus likes tht xD 
Time to tan :D 
so many heads tryin to audition for the band :D 
< PROPFIRST > got her ass kicked ! 
Subway ladoies r so nice . When i get extra mean they dont charge me ! 
Sigh .... 
stressss 
Grumpy morning 
House to myself for the weekend 
Ohh how i love the russian big muff 
what a night ! 
peace can only be attainable by war and bloodshed , but peace never lasts 
Ppl tht dont drink are weeeeeeniies 
Ninja warrior for women is equavilent to the WNBA ...... boring 
Hw time 
Male bonding yeaaa ! 
Bank of < PROPFEMALE > can suck it . I deposited my check on saturday its tuesday and the money still aint there . Im done with it . Wells fargo maybe ? 
< PROPMALE > cortegana 300000 < PROPMALE > yeaaaaaaa¡ 
igotta step my game up in anthclass 
pedal addiction takes a toll on your wallet :'( 
this sucks 
Cant wait to go back to bed 
Is working at strawberry next week ? Hrmmm 
I find it rather disgusting that we have to have scientists research the gay < PROPFIRST > just so there is a < PROPMALE > that gays can have an equal life . Its just stupid . They deserve their rights by acceptance not by research 
Hrmm cowboy bebop live action ? 
So ghandi was a whore and hated black people ? The recordings prove it 
I FEEL THE HOLY SPIRIT INSIDE ME !! BOOGAWOOGAWOOGAWOOOGA AHFNUDMERISDMEMRID ! 
Ditch class on monday ? Or go see < PROPMALE > lopes rodriguez live ? Fffffffuuuuccccckkkk ! 
Id rather have no one ask me for my number than little tween . Fmlfl 
after a hard day at work , i will be getting drunk with my friends and going to the club . yea sounds like a legit saturday night to me , anyone else whos down hit me up 
Freestylin 
Soccer game soon .... uh oh 
i have some faith in kids today , i saw two kids selling lemonade like they used to when i was little , oh how i miss those lemonade stands 
eye want my eyebrow pierced 
fuck you one manga ! i cant read my manga ! 
Wow women really cant drive 
Any photographers out there interested in taking some pics for a band let me know . At 913-8614 
Soulja boy please stop texting me 
so if ur geology teacher is a < PROPMALE > in hydrology , dont take tht class , chances she sucks at geology 
Srjc has a back to school cupon for a smoke shop ! Leeegit 
Hyde and jekyll is on my pedalboard yesh . I think im set now 
Oh mcdonalds . We cant be friends 
Happy anniversary Pillows ! 
Poor vinney .. dont worry i feel ya bro 
ppl are assholes on yelp . 
Love my fellow partners . U all looked so amazing erryday . Glad to have all of u guys and girls in my life 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUqg6HvWeA0&feature=related\ 
perfect song for right now ... cloudy and hw 
Fuckin jury duty 
Workin at strawbeerry plaza 
This store is so weird .... i miss 4th and A 
Need some gk training 
My parents are weird 
internet fixed , hoohaha ! 
open tomorrow , then at the studio fr 6 hours .... its gonna be a long day ... 
is too nervous .... cant sleep 
Its fuckin beautiful in here 
Recording done ... oh shit im broke now :/ 
could use a burger right now 
i decided to take a week off school , its safe to say ive gotten lazy :3 
Angelina ... ur so hott . Such a bitch such a whore . Idk if i like u or hate u .... 
Tiiired ! Im in the mood t watch some Euerka7 when i get back home :) 
I think < PROPFEMALE > grey is a regular at s bux .... score lol 
ohh renton thurston how i miss youre childish self 
just saw the season finale of supernatural 5th season 
ahhh i love tea crahses 
too broke to buy cigarettes :( 
I love zelda ... cant wait for the new game to come 
Blues driver 
If i wanted to hear from an ass , id just fart BITCH ! 
i wonder if the still have those lunchable Mega Packs ? Let the hunt begin :) 
Just skyped with my friend Kazuya ! It was hella fun ! 
Im cute , not a player , so say hi 
dope ass workout , alright lets see if i can maintain this 
hrmm ? im not that sore 
fly away 
i have a feeling im gonna be making a lot of frapuccinos today ... sigh ... 
Saw a vamps poster at my work ... sorry hyde and kaz . Its mine now :) 
Wow ... my shift got really fucked over ... asshole 
Apparently to an old friend i saw tonight ... ive gotten yoked since hs ? 0 . o 
im gonan need a bigger pedal board i think .... 
vamps's website had 12 confirmed guests for their 2009 US tour , now they have 349 this year .... i gotta get there 4 hrs early then 
Wow im having so much fun watching Easy A with my cool friend nando , that we got in for free ! I feel like im missing something ... but i dont care . THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVEERRRRR !! 
IM DRUNK WHATSSUUP BITTCHES !! 
Love how < PROPMALE > schon is just chilllin around downtown san < PROPMALE > 
Made my decision ... when i turn 21 i am going to bartender school to be a bartender . 
Electro harmonix small clone vs . Boss chorus ensemble 
gotta get back on my anime fiending . hrmmm maybe subscribe back to newtype magazing 
< PROPFEMALE > is gone ! Yeshhhh :) 
anyone interested in buying a really nice chorus pedal(EHX small clone ) the one < PROPMALE > Cobain used for Nevermind i am selling it for 75 dollars or trade for another pedal ... preferably distortion pedal , but hit me up if youre interested 
im getting addicted to the gym 
weird , US tested STD's on guatemalan people to test the effictivness of penecilin in 1940 ... so were apologizing ? lol 
Smpkin a cig to < PROPMALE > guy 
ii just commited carbicide 
Taiyou no Manaka he 
were just kids coming here to play ! up all night , were sleeping all day ! we need a fix but cant go the store ! the gig is sex ! and bloods our liqour ! 
Fuuuuck 3 hours till the show and theres already a line around the block 
There is no one interesting in this line .... No one to tlk to :( 
I cant walk ... my shirt is soaked in sweat .... i grinded on hella girls .... its safe to say i rocked out pretty hard today 
maybe i should be a cop 
whats wrong wit you ! youre supposed to be a smart phone not a stupid phone - < PROPFIRST > Magana 
I was sweeping at work and this kind old lady said im a good handsome sweeper . She asked if i can sweep at her house lol 
why is everyone posting where they like it ? 
Work till 1215 am on tuesday ?.... Ack ! 
Study shows americans get more exercise while drunk 
Nothin to do tonight .... sigh .... 
Man i miss < PROPMALE > bonds 
school of rumble ... love the shibuya kei ending theme . 
I really need a vacation 
No Rain , No Rainbow 
I used to like the color green , but now its a stupid color for the enviorment and hippies 
Ice cream with my little bro 
Oh fender Mustang , why did I sell you ? Now im going to have to re buy you 
GTL ! 
hatsune Miku's guitar parts are awesome , maybe i should learn a couple things from her music 
Dear tweakers . Dont come to starbucls to snort coke because i am a fucking eagle i can see you . And i will bust you and i will take you down . You dont deserve to live . Go die or ill be forced to make that upon you 
My life is over ... im officially taking one a day mens because doc says i need more vitamins . \ 
Hence why ive been sick and exhausted 
man i miss melee , anyone down to play some melee ? 
dear home boys , im not the situation , i WILL take the hit or grenade for you , im not an asshole 
what an ending , eureka 7 , what a masterpiece 
apparently i was sleep walking this morning . i woke up around 430 am to my alarm , and i was getting dressed for work , mom said i didnt have work until 3 pm so i should go back to bed and sleep . So weird :/ 
Why are all goth chicks fat ? 
online poker , some coffee , with pj's on . yea id say winter has finally arrived :) 
im sorry english , i must drop you :( 
Did someoe just steal all the old boy movies from silver screen ? 
Jupiter jazz 
i was my little brothers tooth < PROPFEMALE > last night :3 
aghhh off to the gym where i will repatedly torture my body so i can no longer feel bad about myself 
< PROPFIRST > wooten is going to be at bannanas lol . im only going if theyre giving away a free bass 
goodbye anthropology .... 
today im giving people purple nurples , for purple day 
Looks like the Kyojin won ^^ 
does anyone know how to use an FX loop ? apparently my amp has one , but im confused on how to use it :/ 
Neko neko neko neko :3 
Snookie and that stupid crow 
I always think i have it harder ... then my parents tell me their stories . How ungrateful i am 
My future relies on someone sitting on a desk ... debating if were good or not ... must have cigarette 
Heart of sword 
Blu-Ray Samurai Champloo , guatemalan coffee . with a blanket .... legit 
The strikout was leeegit . 
fuzz pedal or another distortion pedal ? 
whats a good small/mid size dog for a family ? I was thinking a Shiba Inu , any other ideas ? 
If it doesnt have 24 frets it is obselete 
Overtime ... its a love hate thing 
damn you used to be ok lookin , but now u look hella fly ! 
5 < PROPFEMALE > till class , and im still in my pj's lol and class is a 20 < PROPFEMALE > drive 
What a good day to ditch class and write a song outdoors 
Linecum has had too much cum in his ass ... wtf ? I think well lose this one 
Why did i agree with < PROPMALE > to buy a oija board ... this is < PROPFEMALE > stupid 
no mom , please dont buy my little brother a squier 
THE CITY OF TOWNSVILLE ... 
paycheck tomorrow = buy a new pedal :) 
Why is my brother learning pre algebra at the age of 9 ? 
E9 , Bm(add9 ) , E6 , Cmaj9 , Cm9 
Who at my pupusas ?! 
Duuuude clover coffee is soooo good ! Its worth the price ! 
Men are like coolers . Load em up with beer and you can take them anywhere 
congrats to my little brother for winning \Best Costume\ " I am so proud of you ! " 
i think i will download all the < PROPFEMALE > musicals to my i pod 
This is a lame ass halloween :( 
alas , this halloween night is over .... boneless buffalo wings will hopefully make it better :/ 
whoop de doo the giants won the world series . now my post will be with the other same lame ass posts that has filled my home < PROPFEMALE > . 
So whats up with prop 19 ? 
so apparently My Geology test is today .... not next week .... sigh ... 
how do i redeem myself ? 
Traffic from that stupid parade .... smh 
must go to gym ! im getting fat ! 
Just ran the GG bridge ... so awesome at night ... but so tiring 
Open mic went well . We got an encore and people came up to us for our album :) good day 
Setting my clock an hour behind . Its a good day to party tonite ! 
i need party friends :( 
TrEmOlO 
Kaskade and deadmau5 are a good combo 
i could use an intense 4 hour poker match soon 
missin my shortscale guitars :( 
ohh tingle ur such a jew 
I really dont see the challenge of being a cheerleader - < PROPMALE > Cortegana- 
people who say money isn't everything don't know the value of money 
Forgive me music God for I have sinned . I havent practiced my modes and scales nor music theory for 2 months . I Promise I will practice them from now on ... 
I am going to have to become friends with the guitar grimiore whether i like it or not 
I can only be patient for so long ... 
I really want to go fishing or snowboardingsoon 
shit sucks , i wont be able to go see my family in LA during the holidays ... :( 
Rock band 3 is retarded , you are not a guitarrist 
Haha the new south park has a Totoro scene . Lol 
Cats on Mars 
Downloading all the soundtracks from Samurai Champloo and Cowboy Bebop 
So who`s down to go snwboarding in january ? 
Wish i had a gf like < PROPFIRST > pilgrim ... 
off to bed , got work at 4 am , then i gotta do my geology HW 
Dear IMS .... you are super duper retarded 
According to the chronicle latinos are majority of students now :) 
Live it up , you're only young once 
another failed night ... it seems like i need to get out of < PROPFEMALE > and meet some people who really want to party 
Its Laputa the floating island ! 
legit time hangin out with my band homies in the city 
I want to live in Mill Valley 
Blackstar amps :) thank you < PROPFIRST > from Bananas , this is why Bananas local music store beats Guitar Center , I get legit advice , and not BS up-sell advice 
I wonder if S bux will let me get small guages ? 
new hobo in town . This crazy lady said I attempted to grab her ankles , and if i do , the mighty Archangel will come and stomp on me . My response should have been im sorry im jewish , maybe i should have the < PROPFEMALE > of < PROPFIRST > stomp on you're ankles . Or i shoulda told her its not 1920 , ankles isnt kinky anymore lol 
< PROPFIRST > Borlaug is a gift to this world . Mad props to him much respect 
< PROPMALE > hail Zanthia ! 
All hail Zanthia ! 
Samsara 
Damn whatsup with these dumb kids in capes in glasses ? Ughh im surrounded dumbasses 
Please don't jump 
I need Black Ops 
Man the original greenpeace party was actually badass ... nowadays its just a joke filled with naive upper-middle class hypocrites . Or hippies 
naked shuffle 
Japanese food comes in small portions but their beers come in quart sizes 
Thinking about going to Academy of the Arts in sf ... 
So why are hot girls such bitches ? A guy cant say hi how are you without getting mugged at or a < PROPMALE > thrown at them , or being rude ? Especially if hes making youre coffee . Its just a simple hi how are you . Not a hey can i get your number . No wonder guys always hit and quit on you bitches 
Driving between two asian drivers isnt a good idea ... especially if one is driving a bus 
Distributing home made food to the workers who stand for work in the canal even on this holiday . The hardest workers deserve a little day off and gratitude 
Some merlot and some miller to wash down the turkey mash potatoes and pumpkin pie with fam 
Asian Kung Fu Generation could use a US tour :3 
So the meaning of life is shit happens ? Then i dont want to run from shit anymore . 
Ugh teenager please no makig out at starbucks ! 
Damn < PROPFEMALE > is so addicting 
Its the real folk blues 
Damn madrid ... its over 
I love how im always late to class because im playing guitar too much 
Oooh half of my heart says this song is dumb 
Dont let religion blind you're vision 
I love < PROPFEMALE > magno 
tomorrow i am going to ninja salvage ! 
whatsup with everyone playing snake on fb ? 
Yum yum yum yum yum DELICIOSO ! 
Melee vs . Brawl . 
Fml my car died in the garage anyone wanna help me out i got a cable :\\ 
THE TRIFECTA ! 
theres so namy cartoons i liek to put as my profile pic ... ugh 
Every child is an artist . The problem is remaning an artist once we grow up . < PROPMALE > Picasso 
Awesome the bands music is being played on the University radios in El < PROPMALE > 
Such a nice day in the city :) 
estoy cansado de mi trabajo , lo odio 
# go fuck yourself\ 
This game is stupid 
i thought i would like pure nickel strings .... but i really dont , sounds a little too twangy 
Hey i have tickets for our bands concert on January 16 . Its 10 dollars in advance 12 dollars at the door . If you buy a ticket from our band the closer we are to closing the show , which means a better < PROPMALE > of winning the Battle of the Bands . Hit me up if youre interested 
when no one is willing to support me i'll just support myself 
Hyde and Kaz are going to appear in Bakuman ! 
why are black people so good at music ?! 
are the holidays over yet ? 
There is nothing wrong with day dream generations transitions . I guess someone doesnt know shit about music . 
theres always that one person that you look up to , that inspires you , sometimes you want to be that person sooooo bad , but you must try to be as good as the person you look up to , or else that is just a waste of yourself . 
< PROPMALE > clinton ... such a G 
Shiouta sensei is back ! 
i wanna go up to Mt < PROPFEMALE > right now ... anyone down ? 
alright lets get this week over with :/ 
Its been a while since ive read a good book ... any suggestions ? 
everything is bigger in texas 
im sellin gmy fender passport 150 mic system with boomstand , mic , and monster cable . gor 550 let me know if youre interested 
Finally had a good shift today . Thanks everyone :) 
time to get my fender mustang back :) 
my mom is awesome ! after a workout my mom has mashed potatoes and steak ready for me when i get home ! best mom ever ! 
one day i want to perform at the Budokan DX 
wtf ?! i cant learn to Haul shit until my trial period is over ?! fuck you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Fake Plastic Trees 
< PROPFEMALE > moms need to get their sticks out of their vaginas 
im stuck between my next guitar purchase . Fender Cyclone , Fender 69 ' Mustang , Fender Jazzmaster , or Gibson Marauder ..... ugh what to chose ?! 
Sincerely Nujabes 
Sighhhhh :\\ 
I was at in n out . Saw one of my exes . A girl i had a small fling with . And my hs crush . Boy im glad i got over them . They downgraded a lot ... not to mention they were all stoned . Ha bitches i win 
Whats a fox doing in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ? 
peets tea is dope 
anyone know how to make music videos ? 
Shaving the burns and the goatee\ 
. It was fun having the . :\\ 
About time < PROPMALE > has my debit card . Now i can play < PROPFEMALE > online now ! 
Damn . Im in love with capos 
You know its almost x mas when the smell of tamales and chuchitos are in your house 
Alright lets get this holiday over with . And please lets get the shitty x mas music over with 
my little brother is almost 10 , so when should i tell him that < PROPFEMALE > is not real ? 
X mas present was able to see my brothers smile when he saw that i got him sonic colors . So happy . Im happy 
Had some merlot , and some chardannay before i ended my x mas . So happy to see my family and friends . Woulda had more to drink if i didnt have work tomorrow ughhh ! 
wow , cant you keep a conversation ?! 
har har har har ! 
i didnt know you can view some youtube videos in 720p -_- 
Love is in the air 
my little brother making a 50 dollar donation to a hungry kid in < PROPFEMALE > where he will be fed lunch for a year because of my brothers donation . Damn 
Shut my mouth and strike the demon . Curse you and your reason . 
Kikin it with the fam in LA . Aint nothin better than this 
Freedom is invisible 
Home :) 
LOL = LIVE OUT LOUD 
i knew i could never trust you 
Whats a good car that i can drift on ? Trying to buy a new car 
Today i broke my tennis racket ... i was really really angry 
should I take Jazz appretiate ? 
why are there so manly cancelled classes at srjc ? 
i need an mp3 converter .... 
Question : is a 2x12 30 watt amp louder than 1x12 40 watt amp ? Considering both amps are tube amps 
ugh too many cigs = sore throat ! 
just the two of us , we can make it if we try ! 
trade my tele for an electric acoustic ? yamaha ? 
so youre telling me Kaiser doesnt cover my glasses ? then who the fuck does ?! wtf starbucks ?! i thought you had great benefits ?! 
off to Cobb's comedy club ! get my booze on while i hear some jokes ! 
Beans and rice makes my life 
wheres the love ? 
something smells rotten in the state of Arizona 
I miss playing Basketball 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and green tea :) 
Tomorrow ... I will go back to life , work , school work , and Music , sigh ... the life of a struggling Musician 
A girl worth fighting for ? 
Im gonna reach for the start . Even though they look pretty far 
Is going to be a coffee master ? O.o ? 
about to get my acoustic electric :D 
it always ends in just friends 
trading instruments is like trading pokemon on a gameboy pocket 
:) 
faaack you fb ! forcing me to change my profile ! i will not ! 
so whats with this stupid zodiac thing changing and making a big deal out of ? 
its all good in the pueblo 
i feel like a need booze and a cowboy hat ... 
fuck paying a nerd to fix my i pod , i can just fix it myself :) 
NOOOOOO !!!!! I LOST THE SCREEEWWWS ! 
I did not fix my I pod , i lost the screw to the headjack ! ughhh so close ! but now i know how it works .... shit is so expensive for such a cheap piece of shit 
There is noise coming from my rood . Like scratching/footseps . Time to invest in a shotgun 
I want a target in san < PROPMALE > 
Job hunting 
alright lets tear this show up ! 
ive been teaching my brother how to fight , and he just clipped me with the old one-two ! 
Anyone down to watch some 40s movies with me ? 
ughh i have school today bleh ! 
trigun :) 
i must admit , chicano/latino philosophy sounds kinda dumb 
a relationship is like a blunt , if you burn it too fast it wont last , but if you take youre time to burn it slow , you will enjoy it more :) 
Do you remember that day ? And the time goes by .... I'm still alive now 
i need a black strat ... 
School cash back for texts ... super jew status 
Family reunion at my work , while im working ? Huh ... 
job offered at bananas ? nice ! 
so is it legal to smoke an E-Cigarette inside a library , or a cafe ? 
I must admit . < PROPFIRST > Brown music is really awesome . Super jazzy ! 
Man and i thought com paarking was horrible 
some girls just wear too much makeup 
whatsup with this Big4 ? is this shit is true im driving my ass to go see it 
My little brother just said hentai in his sleep .... oh no ... please hes still my innocent little adorable brother ! 
When in doubt , pinky out 
Just finished recording . Time to munch on some curry after an 8 hour recording sesh 
Had only 2 hours of sleep on thursday\ 
. Followed by an 8 hour recording session . Then got 4 hours of sleep to get to work at 4am .... aye aye aye ! I need a lifestyle change ! 
Sleep deprived , extremely tired , grumpy , this is what shitty hours do to you ... 
gotta love brownies and milk 
I CAN SEE YOU !!! 
TL sucks ... my son/daughter will be going to SR fuck that 
< PROPFEMALE > du lacht ... 
I eat way too much junk food , ugh time to make better choices 
st st st st st stuuuuuuuuuuuttter . LOL ! 
all hail the fonz ! eyyyyyyyyyyy -_^ 
Singing la bamba with my homiiiees in sf 
I love orange ! 
Oh grandma guess who i saw on the way ??? \ 
JEEESUS ??!! \ 
no mama i saw < PROPMALE > ! 
alrighty anyone wanna lend me 3k ? 
Ramones power hour :) 
everyone has allergies ! hello spring ! 
stereo vs mono 
Nature is a whore 
Im still trying to figure out how coffee is romantic ... such bs cafe < PROPFEMALE > lol 
this is rockin roll wjdvnjugqierwfairofmaorieioom 
Kikin it with old friends . Reminicin , makin new friends taking pirate shot lolz 
Owwwwwwwwww 
Ohh habibi ! 
Eid milad sa'id!!!! Inta wahashtini :) 
Lovely day in the city . Some 91.1 and the Duke . 
< PROPMALE > Cortegana and I just had a deep convo of the differernce between Minor 7ths < PROPMALE > 7ths and dominant 7ths .... now were onto Maj9 , 6th , 7+9 chords .... oh my how i miss my music theory 
Gas prices soon to reach 5 bucks a gallon in 3 months ?! Faaaaaacckk ! 
so apparently , IN DK Country Returns , Cranky Kong speaks of a Banana so sweet it takes you to another dimension O.o ..... so i ate this amazingly sweet banana and its a TRRIP ! 
IN SOVIET RUSSIA PIROZHKI EATS YOU !!!!! 
Big momma made the night 
Burn the bridges behind me so i can keep moving forward 
My life is over .... i dropped my curly fries DX 
Starbucks playing fantastic plastic machine ??? Say whaaaa !? 
Me : what music should i put on ? \ 
\ 
Alexis : put < PROPFEMALE > jones\ 
me : i fuckin hate < PROPFEMALE > jones\ 
alexis : balchooOOOaaAAH !!! \ 
wtf .....? 
Creepy sbux chick needs to back off * shivers * ughhh 
Music is a business . Not an < PROPMALE > anymore . And will most likely remain 100 business for the years to come 
Yarr there be a storm e` brewin` .... Arrrrg !!!!! 
time to start from scratch 
Bitter sweet . Miss everyone at 4th and A . But stoked to have a better job . It felt as if i just got released to summer vacation . :) DEUCES !!! 
R . I . P NUJABES . YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MISSED . THANK YOU FOR INSPIRING MY MUSIC AND MODAL SOUL lol . Your music helped me through my teen years . R.I.P 
Psychadelic music makers are faggggs . Leave all that up to < PROPMALE > Lopez Rodriguez . Hes actually good 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
NOOOWWWW IMMMMM LOOOOOSTTT ! 
Pizza orgasmica wasnt so orgasmica . They did fake it 
Yo yo yo matty b . Tha` was dope son ! 
just cuz its made in < PROPFEMALE > doesnt mean it wont sound good 
PES or FIFA ? 
15-luv can you feel the love ? 
I need 2 new amps , for stereo sound , anyone have any good ideas ? 
My niggas always make my night :D 
Anyone interested in buying a powered pedalboard for cheap let me know . 
whatsup with all these chicks i know getting married and preggers ? 
ITs safe to say bebop will always be my favorite type of jazz 
Porno Graffiti 
Gas strike just sounds plain retarded . 
I need a pick me up 
R . I . P Madrina 
Stop trippin . The tsunami warning happens like 5x a year . And all we get is a tsunami the size of my dog . 
I miss my 4th and A crew 
Nipple pierced ! 
Pan < PROPFIRST > . Con frijoles con vrema y queso . Jugo de naranja y cafe < PROPFEMALE > . Yeah my typical breakfast 
Couldnt get past rule 1 so sad ... perhaps one day ... nah ur fucked 
The new clock change is messing with my sleep . Im not sleepy !!! 
To the doushebag that tried to get away from hiting my car ... i am and will be enjoying the 1200 check issued to me from your insurance company . Have fun with your monthly raises :) 
Swell day 
Why is the history channel so focused on the end of the world ? Its so stupid 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 . The color you remind me of . \ 
3 . My first memory of you . \ 
4 . The animal you remind me of . \ 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . \ 
... 6 . My favorite thing about you . \ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname . \ 
8 . Challenge you to post this 
I dont have green anywhere in my closet ! 
Cruise through downtown to < PROPMALE > keys 
Blue Alnico ? Or Greenbacks ? 
today is the only day i wish it wasn't Friday .... I don't need a monotone hurt ass brunette to tell me this 
When things are looking bad I \Up+B \"" 
Because of me . I think bananas is the only music store that plays asian < PROPFEMALE > fu generation , the pillows , l arc en ciel , ellengarden , gackt , utada hikaru , BoA , do as infinity . Damn right . 
Mmm you must work at subway because you just gave me a footlong 
Angel Trip xD 
You and I wake up in a police car together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? \ 
Note : if you comment , copy and paste this as your status so I can comment on yours as well 
lame ass day :/ 
I feel like a .... hikikimori -_- 
R . I . P truck :\\ 
Nigga night hahah 
this voting crap is spamming my home < PROPFEMALE > .... -____- 
Idk if i fell in love with the strat or the amp ... i think the amp cuz i dont like strats o.O 
If i were a < PROPFEMALE > 
Bang on , Stomp everybody . 
Kyo wa kirei desuyo 
No stairway to heaven ! 
i need to learn how to record my own music , this program shit and interphase shit is just confusing ... 
Finally got my home recording system going . Now i can sample and make beats . Yeshh :3 
Perfect day for bossa < PROPFEMALE > 
who's down to play dungeons and dragons with me ? 
ahhh wtf ?! Bakuman is doing a season 2 ?! man why cant it keep on going D'X 
What is this ominous light that threatens to engulf us ? 
Perhaps i should upgrade to a 240sx .... 
God gave man 2 heads ... but only enough blood to use 1 
Another show coming up ... 
Fuck I need a new amp ! Head and Cab , 2 1x12 amps , or a dope ass twin reverb ? 
Safe to say im fucked 
Guess you cant really appreciate jazz in a classroom enviorment . 
Maybe i should learn portugese , because people think im brazillian . 
Five guys food .... really felt like five guys 
wo qui non coin 
I need a soccer < PROPMALE > . Willing to take shots on me :p 
Lame ass friday night ... 
You got koolaid but you got no sugar ?! Man what the hell is wrong with you ?! 
When your glass is always empty , you will always view you glass half full from there on out . 
Ghetto ppl on fb annoy me , especially when its always about them complaining about haters .... 
RMA ! 
Just beat borderlands with felipe .... the ending is lame 
Im gonna Zapdos Niggas ! 
Exhaustion ... 
Sweet . My job is closed on holidays sweeeet xD 
little < PROPMALE > has a cell phone now .... 
I really hate car shopping . I just want my truck back ... :/ 
Italia guitars FTW ! 
Gigity ! 
youtube is hacked ? 
< PROPFIRST > smear , you look like such a boss now , you look so tough and badass , but ... when you speak .... -_- 
One day I wanna copy someones status word for word and see if they notice 
Perfect day for some outdoor sports :3 
Just got my skb pedalboard . About to go pedal frenzy ! Anyone interested in small gator pedal board message me\ 
! 
There goes my Hero 
FML ! 
Bin ladded . Is fuckin dead .... sweet 
Now that i think about it . We never caught him , he just died .... wack job US 
I cant take malmsteen seriously ... lolz 
????????????? \ 
???????????? \ 
?????????? \ 
?????????????????? 
Too late to say this ... but may the fourth be with you .. 
kids are retarded these days 
Telepopmusik 
Please no stairway to heaven . K thanks 
I really want to go to a radiohead concert .... 
Final fantasy VII Advent Children ... so religious , so amazing . Must find PS1 to play ! DX 
