yeah , you'll have that . 

The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt .... 
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves ... think about it 
Wake up and face me Don't play dead ' cause maybe Someday I will walk away and say You disappoint me Maybe you're better off this way ..... 
That's my story and I'm sticking to it ..... the end 
There are so many things that are overrated ... working everyday is one of them ~ 
anarchy ... necessary or just a good part of life ? 
You're looking at me like i'm going about this all wrong ... is that what your face is doing right now ? 
What's at the top of my list of things that are just unnecessary ? IGNORANCE 
< PROPFIRST > Lennon was a born enemy of those who control the United States , which I always say was admirable . Lennon came to represent life , while Mr. Nixon ... and Mr. Bush ... represent death . ~ Gore Vidal , The US vs < PROPFIRST > Lennon 
Anarchism has but one infallible , unchangeable motto , ' Freedom . ' Freedom to discover any truth , freedom to develop , to live naturally and fully ... I love this definition 
This is what I heard people NOT saying all day : sounds like someone's got a case of the mondays ! 
There are no words for this moment except ..... WELCOME TO MIAMI ! 
aaaannnnnddddd ..... back to michigan , sigh 
So I'm going to check out this little thing going on downtown , called BLUES FEST ... anyone heard of it lol 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes yesterday .... it meant a lot :) 
Who wants to be fired off out of a job cannon into jobland where jobs grow on jobees lol .... 
Sometimes you really have to believe that its never too late ~ 
I'm more than just a little curious , how you're planning on going about making your amends ... 
I love you ... and I want to put you in flames ! 
The lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters ... 
What's the point of thinking about tomorrow when time always goes too fast ? 
No matter where you go or what you do , you live your entire life within the confines of your head . 
Rock on the Range 2011 ... I'm there , who's going with me ? 
Ice , slush , snow ..... I could've SWORN it was supposed to be 70 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Who has two thumbs and is going to see Phish in June on a three day tour ? Yep , THIS girl ! 
