lives probably one of the most boringass and sadest lives around ... 

is going out for an hour long run ... if anyone plans on having a basketball , softball , soccer , or pretty much any sport for a game tonight just call my cell phone and i'll be ready to go . 
needs some green tea with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and some tylenol to counter his sickness before he attempts to take the courts later today at 5pm , then probably some programming after that . 
damn < PROPMALE > mcmahon , < PROPFEMALE > fawcett , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > all gone within a span of no longer than 3 days ... 
hopefully can wake up at 8am today to run a course with hills 
damn the us is hella killing brazil ! 
damn they're gonna lose . lol 
is lazy to do stuff 
is programming , call him up if you want to play basketball or something , perhaps even a casino will do . lol 
needs to be more social , so freakin hard to do so these days . haha 
will attempt to sleep and if not it will simultaneously be a long yet eventful day . my sleeping time is once again getting crappy . 
is just going to stay up the entire day to reclock yet another disrupted circadian rhythmn . 
is gonna go run for an hour in three hours . haha 
is still awake due to launched fireworks at freakin 2 in the morning , and i was actually going to sleep normally too !!! 
made his programming assignment much too difficult , damn overthinking . hahaha 
has the most erratic sleeping times ever . sleep hella early somedays and stay up into the afternoon some days ... i suppose i should attempt to stay up the whole day starting with some yard work then probably go out and run for a couple of < PROPMALE > around the 
crap it's too hot to sleep ! looks like i'm sleeping on the bus ride to school . haha 
can't wait to get out of class and play ball ! so freakin boring ! lol 
had absolutely close to no playable hands and when he did he lost his only showdown with top two pair to someone drawing to a flush ! haha ... hopefully better luck tomorrow night . 
just woke up after like 12 hours straight of sleep . my sleeping schedule is all effed up . haha 
needs to nap after class . been up for more than 24 hours straight for the 2nd time this week . why do i do this to myself ? haha 
needs to wake up early tomorrow to get a long run in for the first time in weeks . then i really needa start studying and stop procrastinating . done so the entire summer session . lol 
felt a slight shockwave of some recently dispatched fireworks . 
goodnight/goodmorning 
is gonna pull his final mandatory all-nighter for the summer . i will be sleeping close to an entire day after this is through . * had to edit my first draft of status because i saw a grammatical error * haha 
just woke up after getting 14 hours straight sleep ! =) , so what's there to do for the next 24 hours ? haha 
wonders why so many people make a big commotion about steroids in baseball when bodysuits and enhanced technology are helping swimmers shatter world records in Rome ? 
has thus far cooked breakfast , ran a couple of < PROPMALE > , read part of a poker book and an object-oriented programming book , and cleaned , what else shall i do ...??? 
has made his decision and is ready to lock and load 
it's pretty freakin hot right now and to make matters worse the heater that hasn't been working for two years has automatically turned on and won't turn off ! 
has a full day of errands to do today but first will start off the day with a well needed 30 minute run . 
hates this trend of suddenly waking up at 3 in the morning . why cant i just sleep continuously ? =( 
just finished eating a chocolate bar , leftover pork ribs , a banana , and a stick of string cheese . haha ... can't sleep again so i shall doctor who myself to sleep . haha 
i knew it would happen !!! he just wanted to skip out on training camp . my sports sense is still there ! haha 
feels like he just played an entire soccer game with no halftime break and sprinklers going off all over the field . drenched in sweat after a 90 minute run . 
got up at about 3am and got around 4 to 5 hours sleep but for some reason feels so damn energetic . been like this the past five days but i feel more energetic each day w/out the need for coffee or energy drinks . maybe i'm genetically mutating !!! lol 
had a great night !!! pizza and beer with the AE folks and then won 180 dollars in about 90 minutes at the casino ! lol 
is less than 24 hours away from tackling a daunting 24 unit schedule that includes whatever difficult you can think of ! but he's more than ready for it and wanting to redeem himself of pispoor past performances . got a gameplan at hand and is feeling more energetic and confident than ever ! ready to \go big or go home\ " and make the transition into the most explosive combo of Rocket Scientist/Physicist . hahaha " 
is up earlier than he thought he would be . haha , gonna need a morning run to energize myself for the day ahead of me then bus to school because that's how poor people do it ! haha 
needs more than 2 hours sleep and has a looooooong day ahead tomorrow : electricity & magnetism , quantum mechanics , physical chemistry , graduate computational fluid dynamics , and senior spacecraft design ... 12 hour day . and what a day it's going to be on !... fml 
finally home ! 
first week is over , and i'm just starting to warm up , off to the casino tonight to make some decent earnings ! 
made some pretty interesting observations about kids at the buffet today : 1 ) They like to collide into each other in open space , 2 ) Instead of eating their waffle cone they will go back to the ice cream machine and refill into the same cone , 3 ) They will take extra cones without any ice cream in them , and lastly , 4 ) They will just cut in front of me and leave me with a broken or empty ice cream machine . 
needs tons of money for senior design equipment . =( need to get better in limit hold em cash games faster and move up to bigger tables . lol 
Algorithm = Al Gore Rhythm 
would like to pay respect to all those affected 2,922 days ago . good night everyone and hope your day today is filled with great health , peace , and happiness . 
has done enough researching and reading for the day , i mean night , and will get back at it tomorrow , i mean later today , after watching some football . facebook should have an option where the user relates a song to their status update , sort of how there is a mood face for a status update on myspace . haha ... and as such i shall initiate a such trend . musical mood : \I Can\ " - Nas " 
Broncos got hella lucky today and will have a bad season regardlesss . haha , can't even score real touchdown against the Bengals defense . lol 
is actually excited about the upcoming season ! Niners played a sound game and just need to improve upfront with the O-line to give Gore some more running lanes but all and all a superb effort ! ok i'm in a good mood to do some studying now . lol 
is looking to recalibrate his whacked sleeping cycle and needs to stay up another 18 hours . =( hahaha 
has been up past about 30 hours straight and for some reason seems even more energetic than when he started the day ! hahaha 
still gots that ability to pull all-nighters through the day at a high level , I guess I'm not as old as I think and not as old as everyone else . hahaha , good night everyone and peace out !!! 
thinks that to avoid one word answers from people after asking how onehas been , one should posit the question in such a manner as : what events have transpired in your life since the last time we've established communication with one another ?... hahaha 
is finally up for the first time in a while because he needs to be and not just because of insomnia , well actually it's kinda helping that i do have some sort of sleep disorder . haha 
is ready to put an end to slacking , and finally become the perennial polymath in a whole crapload of different areas ! 
is up yet again into the early hours of the new morning 
< PROPMALE > Dicola soundtrack music is so epic !!! 
found himself a nice little spot by the casino to chill rather than waiting in the diner . a barnes and < PROPMALE > for some books , gamestop for some video games , and guitar center for obvious reasons . haha ... casino + bookstore + ( computer & video games ) + ( guitars and music ) + all you can eat buffet = uber awesome ! hahaha 
has no one standing in his way , turning on the charm , long enough to get him by , he's still the same , he still aims high . 
was better at calculus at age 15 then he currently is now at 22 . LOL =( 
can't do a test with 6 problems in 75 minutes , he needs 2 hours because he's so damn slow in calculating long ass integrals by hand and is prone to commiting middle school algebra mistakes but on the other can at least do problems intuitively which at least counts for something but is still damn depressed . time to video game , gamble , and run off my depression . lol 
nearly had a squirrel land on him while running around in the backyard . it fell from a pine tree . not sure if it's dead or just temporarily unconscious . 
is fairly confident he can survive a zombie attack due to his uncanny energizer bunny-like cardio and endurance and also because he always double taps in all shooter games , sometimes triple taps for pleasure and the heck of it . haha 
is unusually up at this hour for the reason of waking up from sleeping early ! 10 hours i might add ! though not really continuous . haha , in wake of such a glorious event i guess i shall run 10 < PROPMALE > before going to school . haha 
is either a child at heart or an older person stuck in a young person's body , hardly anything in between but only one or both of those two extremes . 
just gave himself a 5 day weekend on accident by oversleeping . lol 
what a game ! That's what playoff baseball is all about ! Looking forward to Angels/Yankees later tonight also . 
* profanity * * profanity * MORE VULGAR PROFANITY !!! * hahahaha , good game tho 
is still not running all on cylinders but slowly and surely is coming back to form of six months ago . 
with the weather looking so beautiful today and expected to be the same tomorrow , is anyone up for some softball tomorrow afternoon ? just respond below and i'll have the details later . haha 
got the chair pulled out from under him as he has to go to a wedding reception dinner which he was not told of till about 5 minutes ago . haha , i need to run to at least substitute for the urge of needing to play a team sport of just about anything . haha 
sailed through the first 5 innings with ease . now in a bit of a jam with the bases loaded with 1 out , i needa induce another inning ending double play . needa step it up like an ace of a pitching staff . 
time to give myself a nap that will trick my mind into a full nights rest . It is sorta still night and when I awake there will be light . 
needs to get back in shape . less than 2 drives of 2 on 2 football is tiring . haha 
is on facebook for the first time all week and my news live feed looks like it's going to explode with over 300 updates . lol 
' s cockiness got the best of him today . i don't ever recall a time where i felt worse about an engineering midterm over a physics midterm taken around the same time but this is probably the first . lol 
is on his vintage lazyass self-destruct mode , not feeling the need to do anything even though i really should . =( 
needs to get to school pronto for some free food . lol 
needs to get it together , this is really becoming freakin ' frustrating ! 
clutch up or blow up 
warmed up , ready to go from zero to hero with only 6 hours to work with . 
has learned more about ramjets , turbojets , and turbofan engines in the last 3 hours than i have all semester . i think i may be able to actually pull this off . lol 
just got his new laptop delivered ! 
calls dibs on the couch in the aircraft design room just in case he has to stay here overnight . haha 
needs to maintain a 32 hour sleepless streak into 8pm later today ; rest for 4 hours < PROPMALE > then go from then till tuesday 10pm to close it all out . i've done worse than this . haha 
sleep , i cannot 
TITANIAS is my new favorite word ! ROFL , walk-off scrabble grand slam ! ahahahaha 
won one of his fantasy leagues ! shoulda won both with the crapload of talent on the other team but just like the saints , vikings , giants , and broncos of late , mine has been a choke . haha 
back on facebook for the first time in a decade , well actually looking at profile and such for the first time in decades . haha . well if you're gambling by any < PROPMALE > on wildcard weekend put money on the bengals , patriots , cardinals , and upset special of the week , the eagles over the cowboys . 
went 1-3 last week but i think i'll do better this week : cardinals , vikings , chargers , colts , book em ' . 
woke up nearly at 3am instead of 10pm ; i think i'm almost sleep recovered . also pleasing to wake up to the news that Farve went down , the playoffs went well with the cowboys losing last week and the vikes losing this week . lol , hope the saints win in miami for the city , fans , and < PROPFIRST > brees seemed willing on helping out a bad team , plus i'm still pissed with the colts not going undefeated when they should have . haha 
time to just put behind all that's transpired within the last couple of weeks and start tearing up some stat sheets 
13 = 27 
shoulda put money on the game . lol , oh well i'm still good with superbowl prediction winners . haha 
freestream gunsling omaha iso < PROPFEMALE > 54 right 
nothin ' like some 4 in the mornin ' rhythm 
is on a surging comeback after being one month in limbo . Oh and Canada I think the best you'll do in men's hockey is bronze , just throwing it out there . 
senioritis is really kicking in as i further delay the inevitable work that needs to be done by napping , winning disney stuffed animals from the claw machine and now for a round of bowling . lol , dammit 
heart goes out to the country of chile and victims of that 8.8 quake . hopefully there won't be any aftershocks and that the country receives aid and can recover . in the meantime , grinding it out early through the next day apparently to decrease my current workload deficit ; didn't get the nickname captain comeback for nothing . 
is pot committed to his time , guess i'm not sleeping till i get home . luckily that's only at 2pm . 
woke up from 8 hour and 9 hour sleeps within the same day . hahaha , never felt so mentally exhausted with the things i have to do for school and outside of it in my life . at least i was pretty productive within that 6-7 hour gap of being awake . 
was given an alcoholic survey to do minutes after he got back on campus to study after he went drinking for lunch . lol 
time just sped up from 1:59 to 3am in just only a minute ! 
would sacrifice his bracket blowing up just to see < PROPMALE > reach the elite 8 but i don't think it's going to happen . hahaha 
just got his Adidas TS Bounce Commanders in the mail ! 
needs to stop falling asleep right before sunrise . haha 
is on a mad technical writing rush , it's nicer to work when everyone else is asleep , less distractions and more focus . haha 
screw it , focused-aggression initiated to close out the final two months . 
screw duke , kentucky woulda beat them if west < PROPFEMALE > didnt make all them 3s and kentucky missed all theirs . haha 
time is inversely proportional to the amount that is needed and extremely slow when you don't need it 
gamble paid off , time to capitalize and optimize the most out of this situation 
this is why I don't really get excited about the Sharks in the regular season , they'll just lose in the postseason ( when it actually matters ) lol 
wtf ! damn sharks , they're not supposed to score goals for the other team . hahaha 
is liking all the Sharks status updates ! 
has one more month to close it out in what i usually delineate as the \postseason \"" 
successfully performed a \fingernail extraction procedure\ " and apply some antibiotics on his thumbnail that wasnt even really that long that a bullet passed basketball literally bent about a quarter deep backwards causing a good amount of blood loss . luckily he just wrapped a napkin around it and was still able to play and make shots despite that unfortunate event . haha " 
hopes to last the rest of the night/morning into later tonight as well . I feel pretty well-rested to go all-out on most nights this month of May . 
brought his laptop to a wedding reception to see the sharks close out the red wings , gotta love the togetherness when people are cheering for the same side . haha 
is on time for 8am class , and there's only about 6 people here out of 50 enrolled . hahaha 
finally finished his physics take home midterm that took about 15 pages of hand-calculations ! i think i should stay up the rest of the morning so i dont oversleep past the deadline for turning this in . lol , so long for now with this love/hate relationship with physics . hahaha 
to put it quite simply \shit's going to hit the fan\ " for these next 7 days . hahaha " 
up and early ready to get this thing kicked off ! 
was the first to finish at about 30 minutes into the final , the 3rd person that finished , finished 40 minutes after . hahaha , good way to start of finals with an easy 100 in the bag . my old hs and college statistics teachers would be so proud ! lol 
here's where I find out how lucky my green Converse shirt is . Gonna need a crapload in the next 10 minutes but pretty much this is crapshoot . haha 
here we go , final day as an undergrad , need to endure a three final finale and these final 21 hours i have left as one . diggin ' down deep for one last all-nighter in me . 
is gonna sleep to reload and continue working tomorrow at 7am . end of regulation , going into overtime . 
finally finished and graduating later on today ! 
crazy < PROPMALE > Cup game 1 and Boston gonna beat the Lakers in 6 . haha 
time for basketball , first time out in about a month when i bent my bleeding nail over backwards . haha 
out for a light 15 minute run , really need to get back into energizer < PROPFEMALE > mode . 
NBA Finals Game 1 , New Orleans type dinner , and a poker night 
about to go wage war upon < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > of unleveled terrain . i think i shall be defeated but \what does not kill me will make me stronger\ " and inevitably return my once uncanny endurance . " 
RIP Coach Wooden , truly amongst the greatest minds to transcend the game of basketball . 
round 2 , prolly gonna be slower than yesterday . haha 
World Cup to kick off in a matter of hours and the NBA Finals tied up at 2 a piece , with some interesting pitching duels going on in MLB with NFL preseason just coming around the corner all on the heels of the conclusion of an awesome < PROPMALE > Cup Finals . damn it feels good to be a sports fan , perhaps a little too good ... haha 
Lakers might have the best player in the NBA , but the Celtics have the best TEAM in the NBA with a better defense and more depth throughout their lineup . Defense wins championships so expect the Celtics to secure the lead and their 18th NBA championship . 
70 dollars in 20 minutes , time for bed , self-employment is great . 
what a big screwover job by the refs !! seriously , the US should have 4 points by now . 
going to see THEE most anticipated movie of the summer only being shown at MP theater , Zombieland 2 !! 
that game shoulda been like 3-0 . haha , just gotta crash the net and hope for some good deflections . if the game remained a tie there would have been conspiracy theories linking the world cup refs to the gambling nba refs . hahaha 
never been this much down for playing so well . pretty much have had a substantial statistical advantage in just about every < PROPMALE > pot but have lost all of them to be down 300 for the night . hahaha , needa take a 1 hour break and play 6 tables at once then . hopefullly i can stay up the rest of the day to start sleeping normally . haha 
Life without bears would be unbearable . 
On this day today , the Declaration of Independence was signed to declare independence from Great Britain , < PROPFIRST > Chestnut dethrowned Takeru Kobayashi as hot dog eating champ and won his 4th consecutive title today and also on this day , Will Smith , < PROPMALE > Pullman , and < PROPMALE > Goldblum saved Earth from a hostile alien invasion . 
My bracket is nearly perfect ! lol , < PROPFIRST > the Octopus does it again ! 
thinks < PROPMALE > Heredia purposely jinxed Germany from winning by sporting his deutschland team jersey all day . hahaha 
first 4 mile run on the hills for a while followed by endless salad bar and soup . hopefully will be to operate in hypernova crazy mood in no time . 
is preparing a trap to capture the possum in the backyard . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . 
basketball at 2 , football at 4 , i'm going to need to be carted off the field afterwards . haha 
excessive early-going lazyness and sandbagging will be complimented by last minute heroics in the form of throwing up daily double-digit study hours . I'm such a shitty starter but still the champ in closing out clutch performances . hahaha 
still up , as usual ... 
bedtime then wake up and repeat process of working all night on optimizational iterative design to get reasonable converging values for a jet transport/military cargo plane 
LOL lebron missed layup ! 
has around 103 hours to get everything done and to prepare for what's to come . time to employ the vintage endgame tactics . 
these next 36 hours are going to really freakin ' suck ! =( 
sent and finished at 5:40 am ! 
looks to be on his way in making the fantasy football championship game in both his leagues with completely different rosters too ! haha 
is your Cartel NFL 6 ( 2nd consecutive championship ) and 470's Alumni and Visitors fantasy football champion ! I would like to thank < PROPFIRST > Vick for not turning over the ball too much to get just enough points for the victory and an even bigger thanks to the Saints run defense for holding < PROPFIRST > Turner to just 2 points . lol , I'm probably now over 10 titles lifetime . hahaha 
Anyone ever had hearing problems due to TMJ ( jaw disfunction) ? 
Looking forward to that Bears/Steelers game in 2 weeks . Send those picks to your bookies and claim some cash . haha 
knew i couldnt keep a normal circadian rhythmn for more than 2 weeks . haha 
Steelers are winning in Cowboys Stadium . Roethlisberger may be like Kobe on his downtime but he's also like Kobe in his position , a clutch playoff performer . 
breakfast at 5am feels and tastes better than my usual breakfast time of 5pm . 
breakfast 
today's agenda : to the engineering labs to practice with analysis and design programs since i can't get them to work on my computer for some reason . haha 
holy crap there's another possum in the backyard and this one is at least twice as bigger than the last one ! haha 
need to devise a new plan and regroup pronto . 
damn i'm so boring . my friday night consisted of rocket propulsion equation deriving and reading about thin airfoil theory . haha 
winners of tonight's nba all < PROPFEMALE > competitions will be : < PROPFIRST > westbrook for skills challenge , < PROPFIRST > gibson for 3-point challenge , and demar derozan for slam dunk contest 
damn you reddit and the onion , you took away my current peak hours of production from me ! hahaha 
dang , this is actually kinda fun ! locked in and not ready for bed just yet !!! 
is having breakfast for dinner but technically it really is breakfast , so am i really having breakfast or dinner ? 
maybe i should try to sleep now but the weather is so nice outside ... 
agenda for today : read as much as i can of the Dungeons and Dragons players handbook so that I can construct an optimal badassed Wizard . haha 
damn i feel like running but it's 3am !! hahaha 
Finally some sleep ! 
forgot to write on paper and just defaced a table at the library with the navier-stokes equations in integral form . those of you that can render proof of witnessing the table will receive a fabulous prize ! \ 
\ 
Disclaimer : \Prize is not fabulous \"" 
if I ever have to defuse a nuclear bomb , I shall hope that I have an unopened box of apple juice by my side . 
still up , can't sleep , feeling pretty lazy so watching < PROPFEMALE > trek episodes . haha 
20 Minute Run+Suicide Sprints/Lunch Buffet/Lifting-Line Theory 
amazing how you get stuck on a problem for an hour . just say screw it and do something else for half an hour and then when you revisit it then , you solve the entire thing in less than a minute . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > trek = productivity fail 
Goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaal !!! 
Jesus Shuttlesworth FTW ! 
what resillence !!!! that's the freakin way to get it done ! this is incredifreakinble !!!! 
Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wasn't able to stay up the whole day afterall , 3 hour nap from 8am to 11am but it shall suffice and i think can grind the rest of the night out doing mathy stuffs into tomorrow afternoon where i hope i don't blow anything up . 
damn niners , shoulda drafted < PROPMALE > amukamara , hella need defensive backs and corner help . 
crap , more alert right now than i was earlier 
holy shit , did osama bin laden really die ?! 
looks like I'm going to be more clutch than Kobe this month of May . lol 
please left ankle heal faster so i can start running on you again because i need more energy throughout the days starting now . 
dammit , i think i woke my parents up trying to make breakfast with the smoke detector going off multiple times . lol 
