Anno Domini , the Year of Our Lord 2010 - another decade to serve in His Kingdom and for His < PROPFEMALE > . Happy New Year all ! 

Been talking with family ( my father and a relative ) who are in law enforcement about joining the Sheriff's Department in ten months when I turn 21 ; I think it could be a great mission field for Christ . 
Work without studying the Bible is futile and leads to a down spiral of life . For what purpose do you labour ? Your family ? Love ? Money ? Hah ! What does your family matter if all there is in life is work , taxes , and the grave ? What is love without being 
Apparently I'm a \Jewish Ass\ " who needs to just go away and die . Your average ' Christian ' is so hateful to those of us who take our faith seriously . Anyone got a cure for drama ? " 
Enough .... bloody ... spiders .... EVERYWHERE O_O ..... ive seen more spiders in the last two weeks than I have in all 19 years of my life ..... 
Pick up that vehicle and get out of my life ... ^^ 
Assault rifles are tempting when drama is reigning . 
Judge not according to the appearance , but judge righteous judgment . - < PROPFIRST > 7:24 
\Cowards never won heaven . Do not claim that you are begotten of God and have His < PROPMALE > blood running in your veins unless you can prove your lineage by this heroic spirit : to dare to be holy in spite of men and devils . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Gurnall - English Puritan " 
May he have dominion from sea to sea , and from the River to the ends of the earth ! May desert tribes bow before him , and his enemies lick the dust ! - Psalm 72:8 -9 ( ESV ) 
And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness , but even reprove them rather . - Ephesians 5:11 ( < PROPFEMALE > Bible ) 
It is the 233rd anniversary of our Independence from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; God bless ! 
Opposes HR . 600 which would have the US Federal Government recognize < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > as a Legend and ' honors ' the pop < PROPFEMALE > . Since when is the * Government * in the celebrity/idol worshipping business ? 
Got a response to the application I submitted to the Transportation Security Administration five months ago ; they said I meet the initial entry requirements for a TSO Screener at Lubbock International Airport . I go in for testing in Amarillo on July 24th . 
Peace if Possible , Truth at all Costs - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( < PROPMALE > Protestant Reformer ) 
Valve cover gasket leak , timing belt , car starter , battery contacts , brake light , and rear light warning display ... hm . Also supposed to go in for job interviews next week , going to suck if my car continues to fail to start . 
Romans 8:28 - Also we know that all things work together for the best unto them that love God , even to them that are called of his purpose . 
Passed the TSA assessment test in Amarillo , now to wait upon results of a Credit Check ... 
The beginning of thy word is truth , and all judgments of thy righteousness endure forever . - Psalm 119:160 ( < PROPFEMALE > Bible ) 
Has passed the TSA Credit Check , was told I need to fill out a application for a security clearance , and then I'll go in for interview where I'll sign off on it . I finished the security clearance application , 40 pages of lots o ' stoof . INTERVIEW NEXT WEEK ! SOLI DEO < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Got a temp position helping at a Texas Tech bookstore next week . Still wondering when I'll get be called by the TSA again ; moving situation seems to be almost finished . Solus Christus ! 
Enjoyed seeing grape harvesting at the Bingham Family Vineyards yesterday . I was impressed by the operation and had a pleasant time in the company of mature individuals . 
For my friend Kellen Mills - 
My father bought airline tickets for the family to come home this Christmas ! It's been almost a year and a half since I've seen them last . 
If Muslims can resist all of the torture methods thrown at them , whether you consider sleep deprivation for six days ( 144 hours ) harsh or not , how much more should we as Christians , who live by faith in Jesus Christ , stand firm in our daily troubles ? Our faith and fervency for our Lord's < PROPFEMALE > must be stronger than any other religion . 
Is grateful for God's Grace in his life . 
Had my drivers side mirror side-swiped , if someone confesses they did it all will be forgiven , and I can get my mirror replaced easily . Repent and Forgive ! Course , considering it was more likely than not drunk college kids , this probably won't happen . I'll settle for the kindness of the Policeman , he was helpful enough . 
Believes absolutely in absolute truth . A is A and A is not non-A ; Thesis and antithesis , not synthesis , not syncretism and definitely not moral relativism . Recommends reading ' The God Who Is There ' by Dr. < PROPFIRST > A . Schaeffer - 1968 . 
My grandmother , < PROPFEMALE > Graves , performed well during back surgery this morning , and they removed two cysts . She'll be out of the hospital within the next three to five days . 
Finds it interesting that Representative < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( R-South < PROPFEMALE > ) is a member of First Presbyterian Church , Columbia ; which is part of the ARP - or Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church . Congressman < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a Reformed Presbyterian . 
Give me understanding and I will keep thy Law , yea , I will keep it with my whole heart . - Psalm 119:34 ( < PROPFEMALE > Bible ) 
Does NOT believe President Obama is the ' anti-Christ ' , regardless of his policies . Nor that the anti-Christ is an individual person . End times \Things are getting worse and Jesus is coming back soon\ " madness is unscriptural ; times like these are common throughout the history of the Church . " 
Enjoyed going to the September Arts & Culture Night - sponsored by Providence Presbyterian Church ( PCA ) . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > did a nice job on presenting her paintings , and I liked the < PROPFEMALE > displayed between man and of his holding dominion over nature . 
Fought with Murphy's Law today ; it won until I said it was predestined to lose . 
An Anglo-Saxon hoard of treasure was found in England , dating from around 675 AD . There was a sword belt with the inscription which after being translated from the Latin , says : Rise up Lord , and let thine enemies be scattered , and let them that hate thee , flee before thee . 
The Five Solas that I use are the following - 
A man would be counted a fool to slight a judge before whom he is to have a trial of his whole estate . The trial we have before God is of another kind of importance . It concerns our eternal happiness or misery , and yet we dare to affront Him ? - < PROPFIRST > Bunyan , English Puritan , author of Pilgrims Progress . 
Hurts to talk or move around . Really doesn't like inhaling dust . 
Almost recovered from sickness , massacred the ants infesting the building , got the drunks a place to sleep and some food , and now to conquer the world !......... Oh wait , Christ did that already ... Umm ... what to do ... OH ! DANCING ! or I can go to bed .... * goes to bed * English Country or Contra dancing will have to wait . 
If history is not wholly controlled by God , the idea of an infallible Word of God is without meaning . The idea of an essentially reliable Bible would have no foundation . In a world of contingency all predication is reduced to flux . - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Til . 
Wearing overalls today . Going to impress the ladies now ! I'll try and get some pictures . 
There's a Special Election on November 3rd for Texas residents ; on the ballot is eleven propositions to amend the Texas constitution , the most important being the last , which if passed will limit the government using eminent domain and prohibit it from using it for economic or tax purposes . 
Something I've asked myself at times : Before you exit your home everyday do you have an idea of what you want to accomplish for Christ’s Kingdom ? 
Anger ... righteous anger and perfect hatred ... someone deserves to die ... the Castle Doctrine is legal in Texas ... come on back , lets try this one more time ... 
Is realizing this is the third time this year he's been robbed ... infidels . 
Had an awesome time at the Providence Presbyterian Church Men's Advance , got plenty of time and opportunity to converse , discourse , and encourage one another about Scripture and its applications for biblical manhood . Afterwards I got to go four wheeling with my cousin Heston and help out a bit cotton stripping with my uncle , < PROPMALE > Graves . 
“Family-worship is a most proper way of teaching children religion , as you teach them language by insensible degrees ; a little one day , and a little another ; for to them line must be upon line , and precept upon precept Indeed were this duty properly attended to , it might be expected , that all Christian families would , according to their respective sizes and circumstances , become nurseries of piety ” 
Thanks everyone for your wishes , I spent the day cutting steel at work and then meeting various family members afterwards . Everything went well . Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy Reformation Day all and enjoy the festivities ! 
If your a registered voter in Texas , remember to vote today ! 
7.5% turnout amongst registered voters in Texas today . One in thirteen voted . If you want to go with people who are US Citizens and of legal age to vote , its about one in sixteen for Texas . So , my ballot is equivalent to sixteen people who did NOT vote . Hmm . 
So I've finished the new members class at Providence Presbyterian , and I want to join the Church . Now to give my testimony of faith in front of the Teaching Elder and a Ruling Elder . I wonder when ... 
Section 3 . Treason against the United States , shall consist only in levying war against them , or in adhering to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort . No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act , or on confession in open court . 
Reform , Renew , Redeem , and Reconstruct , these are our goals for all of society , for all of life ; and all of it by the Grace of God , not merely by human effort . Happy Veterans Day all , go thank a veteran , yet remember how they did it and who is the true author of our < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is going to be up for a long night of counselling with a roommates friend , who asked me for help in ' finding his inner peace and where I should go with my life ' ....... 
Confesses that he is convinced , by Scripture , of the Postmillennial view of the end times , and furthermore that much of prophecy was fulfilled with the destruction of Jerusalem in 70 A.D. He therefore also logically confesses to be a Partial Preterist . 
Just got back in from a trip to New Mexico ; few personal matters to take care of ... sure is windy ... it's < PROPFIRST > Cash time ! 
Groundskeeper Willie : Brothers and sisters are natural enemies . Like Englishmen and Scots ! Or Welshmen and Scots ! Or Japanese and Scots ! Or Scots and other Scots ! Damn Scots ! They ruined Scotland ! 
Busy busy busy , I feel like a busy < PROPFEMALE > . My life is never boring =) 
Got to visit with the newest addition to the Glasscock family tonight ; < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Glasscock is a beautiful young lady , and I'm happy she is healthy and that the delivery went without any problems . Our Lord is gracious towards us . 
Attended a meeting for the Texas Nationalist Movement tonight with < PROPFIRST > H . < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > L Glasscock ; a movement that seeks to become its own political party and strive for Texas independence . 
Historically , Orthodox Christianity holds that Jesus Christ is God , a Triune God in Three Persons . Jesus must be God in order for his dying death to have any merit for our salvation . If Jesus is not God , then we are not Christian . I confess to believe in the historical < PROPFEMALE > , and hold that those who do not believe that Jesus is God , are not truthfully Christian , such as Mormons , Unitarians , and Jehovah's Witnesses . 
Sing unto the LORD with thanksgiving ; sing praise upon the harp unto our God - Psalm 147:7 Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
For to us a child is born , to us a son is given : and the government shall be upon his shoulder : and his name shall be called Wonderful , Counsellor , The mighty God , The everlasting Father , The < PROPMALE > of Peace . - < PROPMALE > 9:6 , < PROPFEMALE > Bible 
There is snow in West Texas . The Almighty is both gracious and has a sense of humour . 
You were predestined to read this wall post . :) 
Interesting day of the Sheriff's Department crossing an active runway trying to track down a fugitive at work . Then a party tonight with members of the Church , plenty of wholesome conversation . Now I'm listening to my room-mates sing and play the guitar , which they're good at . Not a bad way to spend a Friday , and all for the < PROPFEMALE > of Christ . 
Non nobis , non nobis , Domine ; Sed nomini tuo da gloriam . 
Thought tonight's Ordination Service for Reverend < PROPFIRST > D . Percifield went well . I also find being a greeter enjoyable , after having done it three times now . There's something that is right about welcoming people into a Reformed Church ... 
\I think I'm the luckiest woman on earth ... wait a minute ... sorry ... the most providentially blessed ! \"- Mrs. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . =) " 
What is the chief and highest end of man ? Man's chief and highest end is to glorify God , and fully to enjoy him forever . 
Is judging a debate tournament/speech at Coronado High school today . 
So I judged both Extemporaneous and ' < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>' style debates at Coronado High School here in Lubbock today . I'm serious folks , appeals to emotion , slippery slope arguments , ad hominem attacks , and poorly defined terms makes you lose points with me . I had a blast , I was asked to participate again next year . =) 
Now a publicly confessing member of Providence Presbyterian Church , ( PCA ) . 
Visited young < PROPFIRST > Griffith in UMC tonight ; he's doing great , if a bit quiet . He should get out of the hospital Sunday afternoon . =) 
How does it appear that there is a God ? The very light of nature in man , and the works of God , declare plainly that there is a God ; but his Word and Spirit only do sufficiently and effectually reveal him unto men for their salvation . 
Met my father , mother , and younger brothers at the airport tonight ; they flew in from Germany , and I had not seen them since I was 18 ... my middle brother who is 14 is now six foot . Interesting times . For those in Providence we'll be seeing yall on Sunday =) 
What is the Word of God ? The holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments are the Word of God , the only rule of faith and obedience . 
US Highway 84 from Post to Lubbock is closed due to snow . I hope they reopen it today , my brother Zeb and I were planning on driving to Lubbock for the Christmas < PROPFEMALE > service at Providence . =( 
Well , the Providence Christmas < PROPFEMALE > service was cancelled , therefore Clan Graves is about to play cards , have dinner , and be < PROPFEMALE > . Remember , to us a child was born , and to us a Son was given . ( < PROPMALE > 9:6 ) . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
Drove from Post to Floydada this morning , then from Floydada to Lubbock tonight . I spun out once , managed to correct that , albeit facing the other direction on the highway ; I've never seen more cars on the side of the road before o.o , the Texas Department of Transportation is having fun . Other than that , it's been a blessed Christmas . I hope it was for everyone else as well =) 
Has been listening to sermons by < PROPFIRST > Gerstner , Ligon < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Wilkins , and < PROPFIRST > Schwertley ... 
How does it appear that the Scriptures are the Word of God ? 
For we are consumed by thine anger , and by thy wrath are we troubled . Thou has set our iniquities before thee , and our secret sins in the light of thy countenance . For all our days are past in thine anger : we have spent our years as a thought . - Psalm 90 , verses 7-9 ; The < PROPFEMALE > Bible . 
Is looking forward to Communion tomorrow . 
Everyone is called to the task of missions but men have a unique responsibility to lead . The world will not be claimed for Jesus apart from men leading the charge into dark and dangerous places for the sake of the gospel in obedience to this command . Men must embrace those who live in darkness and are not now a people , and by God's grace proclaiming a message that makes them a people . - < PROPFIRST > E . < PROPMALE > . 
Heya Providence folks , just a friendly reminder that tonight is the monthly Men's gathering ; 7pm at the Boys and Girls Club , 3221 59th street ( off of Indiana ) . 
Going on three days of a serious headache , is this what people call a migraine ? They've never lasted more than overnight before ... 
Heya facebook folks - do NOT open any odd website links that you may have gotten from me by facebook private message . Yes , even those of us who are certified IT Technicians get computer viruses sometimes . Interestingly , I got mine from someone I know at Suddenlink Communications , thanks < PROPMALE > ! ( My fault for opening it though .. ) 
I would rather believe a limited atonement that is efficacious for all men for whom it was intended , than a universal atonement that is not efficacious for anybody , except the will of men be added to it . - C.H. Spurgeon ( 19th century British Reformed Baptist ) 
Jesus fish Jesus Fish , little jesus fish on peoples cars , I tried frying one and eating it , tastes just like Communion . 
\So in First Corinthians 11 < PROPFIRST > states a truth which should induce fear and awe in all husbands : the woman was created to be a helper for the man . But nothing is more offensive than hearing ignorant men trifle with these truths --- making jokes about submission and so forth . Such trifling is completely unbiblical in tone . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Enjoys being in a God-fearing Church . 
I gave President Obama the respect and decency of patiently listening to and watching his entire State of the Union address . I've done my duty as a citizen . My head hurts . 
The second Texas debates for Governor are on tonight at 7PM , including Governor < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Senator < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hutchison , and < PROPFEMALE > Medina . For those in Lubbock it's 34.2 broadcast or channel 9 for Suddenlink cable . 
I be home teached . 
Values honesty and good solid counsel as one of the better things in life . 
So , I respond to a noise disturbance outside to find eight people and a few hysteric girls trying to calm another down , I ask if one of them is alright ; she says she's fine . Another sobbing girl is talking about how one of the guys beat her , ( who are standing away off ) . I walk away , call the on-site courtesy officer , then stuck around to watch and make sure nothing else was going to happen . 
The upcoming battle of Marja is supposed to be the largest battle to date in the Afghan war ; because of the canal and bridge system ( that we built I might add ) , we can only send in ground infantry . So , were taking the town of 80,000 that is surrounded by landmines with 20,000 American , British , and Afghan soldiers . I wonder how this will turn out . 
But seek ye first the kingdom of God , and his righteousness , and all these things shall be ministered unto you . - < PROPFIRST > 6:33 ( < PROPFEMALE > Bible ) 
For I am persuaded that neither death , nor life , nor Angels , nor principalities , nor powers , nor things present , nor things to come , nor height , nor depth , nor any other creature , shall be able to separate us from the love of God , which is in Christ Jesus our Lord . - Romans 8:38 , 39 ( < PROPFEMALE > Bible ) . A good argument for the perseverance of the saints . If truly saved , Christ never lets us go . 
Jesus said to them , if you don't have a lever action winchester , sell your cloak and buy one . ~ < PROPMALE > 22:36 ( Texas Bible ) 
Just finished voting in the primaries , when they asked me what party , I was sad to find out there was no \Crown Rights for < PROPMALE > Jesus\ " party primary I could vote in . :( " 
Roommate : Zman , what are you giving up for Lent ? 
For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the < PROPFEMALE > of the Lord , as the waters cover the sea . - Habakkuk 2:14 ( The < PROPFEMALE > Bible ) 
I can't find third < PROPFIRST > or the book of Hezekiah . But I can find first and second Maccabees in my bible , someone's been messing with the Canon again ! I blame my room-mate < PROPFIRST > here , he and the Archbishop of Mainz don't get along . 
had a dream that he was typing an update on Facebook , only to wake up before he could fi 
Have to get a form notarized so I can ride with a Texas DPS officer on patrol . I told him my interest in law enforcement , so we talked for awhile and he recommended I go a different field like medical or computers , as they make ' the big bucks ' and law enforcement wears men out . I laughed , darkly . Then I mentioned what my father's done for going on 24 years . So in a week or so I'm going on a patrol with him , * excited * 
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor . Exodus 20:16 
Great is our Lord , and great is his power : his wisdom is infinite . Psalm 147:5 
Desires it was easier to ascertain who is telling the truth sometimes . 
is an Anti-Communist . 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > and Celtic folk music , sick as a dog , and contemplating the providence and mysteries of our God - that while some situations are in serious turmoil , yet God is crafting new life and others together . Is happy for the engagement of < PROPMALE > Bingham and < PROPFIRST > Murdock . ^_^ 
Is on the recovery from the flu , bronchitis , and strep throat . Finally went to the Doctor yesterday after six days of stubborn fighting with weirdness . Tricare took care of it all . Oh , and back to running , still aiming for that seven minute mile , and not really close to it ... I am slightly envious of you marathon-type runners . Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
We reap what we sow . 
The libertarian crowd kept saying it was important to < PROPFIRST > \some other race\ " and write in \ " American\ " on the census form . But that would be lying . So I wrote in \ " Texan\ " . =) " 
God's electing grace - the salvation from a totally sinful nature , the calling to dominion work and service in His Kingdom , while knowing full well that apart from the cleansing blood of Christ for my sins I am hopeless and damned .. this is sometimes too glorious for me to comprehend , much less to properly praise our slain Saviours victory over death . How can we do anything else but respond to our Lord's call ? 
Like a madman who throws firebrands , arrows , and death is the man who deceives his neighbour and says , \I am only joking ! \ " - Proverbs 26:18 -19 ( ESV ) . " 
“You do not escape problems you move from one set of problems to another set of problems ... in any area of life people expect perfection and the result is they are disillusioned ... because they fail to realize that problems are basic to life by God’s ordination . ” ~ R . J . Rushdoony , posted by Seppi Family 
What a glorious day ... moved rocks for gardening at an uncle's , worked out , and met up with a good ole West Texas boy who's seen the inside and outs of local politics , he's like a gemstone for learning , just polish him up and give him a 3 0-0 6 . I am looking forward to the Sabbath tomorrow , to rest in the Lord for His victory over death and our calling to worship Him as a body of believers . Solus Christus ! =) 
Is contemplating creating a blog and what kind of content I would put in it - cultural , theological , personal ... or a combination of all three . 
I'm a radical optimist . I'm just happy I have a glass . 
Christ is Risen ! Today we celebrate His victory over death , and rest in that , as pertaining to the Christian Sabbath . =) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > won in the run-off election against the incumbent Delwin Jones . 
“Christ espoused His Church as a wife , loves her as a daughter , provides for her as a handmaid , guards her as a virgin , fences her around like a garden , and cherishes her like a part of His own body . As a head He provides for her , as a root He causes her to grow , as a shepherd He feeds her , as a bridegroom He weds her . ” - < PROPFIRST > Chrysostom , Early Church Father 
Woohoo ! It's the Lord's day ! Favourite day of the week . Have a blessed Sabbath everyone . =) 
Learned today from Dr. < PROPFIRST > North that the FCC requires that all cell phones , regardless of service status ( or lack of service ) , to be able to dial 911 . Yes , even your old defunct cellphone in a drawer can call 911 . So he recommends you charge it , turn it off , and keep it in a car glove box or under your seat for emergencies . Interesting . 
To err is human . To arr is pirate . =) 
In honour of International Workers Day/May Day , and to show my solidarity with Labour Unions , Communists , and Protesters worldwide .... I am working today . 
Today we worship our Sovereign Lord ; have a blessed Lord's Day everyone ! 
My openly leftist/leninist/socialist and agnostic roommate got jury duty ... I want to trade places with him , I feel like justice is getting abused right now in a broom closet somewhere . 
? With the northern lights a-running wild in the land of the midnight sun , Yes , < PROPFIRST > McCord was a mighty man in the year of nineteen-one . ? 
Today is the day the Lord has made , for the wedding of < PROPMALE > and Alexis ... we will rejoice ! 
Is happy for the new Mr. and Mrs. < PROPMALE > Bingham ! Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > ! =) 
Using Fb from an iPad at bestbuy with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Awesome . 
Heading down to Providence South ( PCA ) in Midland for Lord's Day services . Have a blessed Sabbath everyone ! 
Back from fellowship with the brethren down in Midland , it was great to meet with fellow believers . Rev . Philliber's energy in preaching our historic Reformed faith is encouraging . On a side note , I'm supporting England in the 2010 FIFA World Cup . =) 
Theological change precedes any outward cultural change . To change a culture you must have a change of theology , otherwise it is only temporary . - Pastor < PROPFIRST > Weaver ( Reformed Baptist from < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Woo ! It's the Christian Sabbath ! * starts singing * I wish I was in Dixie .... wait , I am . HOORAY ! 
Thought today's sermon was great , in particular his bits on bitterness . Oh , and the alternating between male and female for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s hymn \And Can It Be That I Should Gain\ " was interesting . =) " 
Christian fellowship , dinner , and lunch with a great family and friends up in Plainview ; then dinner again tonight with another good friend . God is ever faithful ! Looking forward to the Sabbath tomorrow . =) 
It is the Christian Sabbath ! Have a blessed Lord's Day everyone ! =) 
Early morning work , spending time with a good friend in a vineyard , and then a party with fellow Christians ... great day , I'm sad it's over . At the same time , God's grace is new every morning , and tomorrow is another day in Kingdom service . The road goes ever on and on ... Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is cheering for South Korea and then England in tomorrow's games . Once more unto the pits , dear friends ! The games afoot , follow your spirit upon this charge : Cry God a win for England and SAINT < PROPFIRST > ! 
USA vs . England . More accurately : The Unwashed Heathens vs . Decadent Civilisation . \ 
\ 
COME ON YOU < PROPMALE > ENGLISHMEN ! Teach them how to play , you good players , who's limbs were made in England , show us here the mettle of your footwork , that you are worth your breeding ! Let us raise up these walls with our English cheer ! ( I love < PROPFIRST > V ) 
big guy in overalls pushing a wal-mart basket ( yay for capitalism ) filled with food , clothes , and boxes ; in hot humid weather , and carrying copies of Rushdoony's Institutes of Biblical Law and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Institutes of the Christian Religion in his arms ... what does that look like ? ( They're remodelling my apartment so I'm moving to a different one for a few weeks ) Taking dominion , the hobo method ! 
God's < PROPFEMALE > involves both joy and pain . 
Wishes they would stop interrupting Vuvuzela concerts by kicking a ball around . That ball really is distracting . 
Got told tonight by a very good violin player that she has more brain cells than I do . I was left dumbfounded and speechless . She knows who she is . =) 
Due to Storm < PROPFIRST > , the wal-mart parking lot is covered in water . There were ducks floating in it . Beautiful sight , oh , for the simple joys of God's graces ! 
GOD SAVE THE < PROPFEMALE > ! Oh wait , wrong century . Have a blessed Sabbath , and if your in the US , a good Independence Day . 
Get a new phone charger , done ; upgrade my desktop to latest version of mandriva linux , finished ; organise random stuff , run errands , finish a book , and troubleshoot a broken hard drive - completed . Yay for productive saturdays ! Looking forward to the Sabbath tomorrow . 
Is a Reformed Christian and a Southern man of God , like his forefathers before him . My family fought for the Confederacy , I find rightly , and for this cause and heritage I take my stand unashamedly . I do not believe in promoting racial hatred , and I disagree with Kinists ; but if you wrongfully condemn kinists or those like them as non-Christian , then it is time we part ways . I ask that you remove me from your list . 
A human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a ship , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take orders , give orders , cooperate , act alone , solve equations , analyze a new problem , pitch manure , program a computer , cook a tasty meal , fight efficiently , die gallantly . Specialization is for insects . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > A . Heinlein 
Have a wonderful Lord's Day everyone ! 
My step-grandfather , < PROPFIRST > L . Duke , passed away today at the age of 76 . May his soul rest in peace with our Lord . 
Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Was called and offered employment as a Corrections Officer for the State of Texas . I report to the TDCJ Service Academy in Plainview on November 3rd . Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I believe in God the Father Almighty , Maker of heaven and earth ... - The Apostles Creed 
Carpe < PROPFEMALE > Infinitus - Seize infinite < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you all for your well wishes , greetings , and messages . Turning twenty-one has been a blast ! Have a wonderful Lord's Day everyone ! Enjoy the festivities ! 
Is now the owner of unabridged copies of < PROPFIRST>'s ' Concerning the City of God against the Pagans ' and Eusebius ' Ecclesiastical History . Three cheers for Christendom and my ever growing list of books to read ! ( Currently only about 140 ) 
Well , I passed the physical and was just assigned quarters . I am now Cadet Graves for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . I will be at the academy here in Plainview for the next six weeks . 
It's a good morning when a bunch of cadets are all singing Folsom Prison Blues by < PROPFIRST > Cash . 
Got gassed today , both CS and OC . Seemed like I was dying when we marched through the tear gas , but as it turns out I'm immune to pepper spray . It was glorious . 
We are Salt and Light to a fallen world , as image-bearers of Christ . Have a blessed Sabbath everyone ! 
I could use a stiff drink . 
Raised his right hand , took an oath , and was sworn in as a Corrections Officer for the State of Texas . I am done with the academy ! Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The fact that the price must be paid is proof it is worth paying . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , author of the Wheel of Time series . 
I become more convicted with each passing day of the depravity of man , and my thirst for the light of the Kingdom grows ever stronger . 
Has concluded that the phrase \when hell freezes over\ " was prophetically meaning a west Texas prison with a windchill factor of negative twenty . " 
The Eagle was epic , and heart wrenching in all the right ways for a man concerned with honour and duty . 
Beautiful weather , good < PROPMALE > labour , and excellent companionship . Another glorious day . =) 
So in-between suiting up for uses of force , gassing convicts , cell fires , and general mayhem in the continuing story that is the Texas Prison system , a fellow officer and I had enough time to start writing a song . A tale of epic-ness . Call my name , and Ill be there , over the mountains and everywhere . My life is awesome . 
“There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year-old’s life : The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged . One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes , leading to an emotionally stunted , socially crippled adulthood , unable to deal with the real world . The other , of course , involves orcs . ”\ 
– < PROPFIRST > Rogers . 
