is hoping 2010 brings a lot more joy to all of our lives 

feels a little better , slept all day yesterday . lets see how my stomache deals with today . 
tgif 
i just love rainy mondays . 
feels much better after going to the gym . 
starting to get quite frustrated . 
its almost the weekend , 1 more day of work . 
waking up at 6:30 on asaturday is not good . 
misses her man . 
is very happy . It's a long weekend , and i get to see my man tonight !! Hopefully .?. 
had a great 4th . finally got to spend time with my man . :) 
cant wait for the weekend !!! 
it's Monday already !? 
the week is half over ! Cant wait for tomorrow when i get to see my < PROPFIRST > 
i absolutely love this weather !!! 
here's to hoping that this week goes by as fast as last week . for a monday i'm awfully awake and alert . 
ok , done at the gym . By wednesday i probably wont be able to move . lol 
is not as sore as i thought i would be . 
has no ambition to go to work today . 
so thanks to some kind of flying insect , i know look like i was stabbed in the neck with an ice pick . WTF ! 
has an annoying little headache that wont go away . 
It's pay day !! 
has the day off tomorrow !! 
doesnt want to go back to work tomorrow . 
finally the weekend ! 
has the day off ! 
is sad that i have to go back to work today 
home at last . time to sleep 
off to six flags with the family today 
after walking around in the sun for 8 hours , im not as burnt as i thought i would be . 
really does not want to go back to work for a staff meeting 
banana cream cheesecake !!! 
out of work early ! now what to do before i go to the gym ? 
another short day i hope , yesterday dragged . 
wants to be in comfty pjs all day 
Goodnight all . 
oh god , it's Monday already . 
is sore and doesnt want to move 
has the day off . 
is surprised at how easy it was to get up at 5am today . 
it's Friday , and we have a long weekend , yay ! 
have a happy long weekend everyone . 
look out world , another woman is going to be entering the LaBreck clan . 
going out with my soon to-be sister in law today 
sick = bed all day . 
hi ho hi ho its back to work i go .... 
hopefully i can last the whole day at work today . 
thank god its almost the weekend ! one more day 
really doesn't want to be up at 5am tomorrow . 
3 day weekend for me !! 
very tired today . 
has dinner made and with < PROPFIRST > for the night 
half way through the week 
its gonna be a long friday 
wishes her bf was closer for a movie day . 
cant wait ti gi back to bed later . 
its a bad idea to go to the gym when you are already extremely over tired 
its friday . work is done . thank god 
it is soooooo cold out this morning 
hates cold mornings 
doent like that the warm weather is gone and the freezing cold will be here soon 
has had it with the dog and i just got home . the little\ prince\ " decides that when i take him to the bathroom that it is a good time to go visit all of our neighbor friends . so im standind in the yard like an idiot calling him for 20 < PROPFEMALE > . then just prances right back to me like he did a good thing . he is so lucky he is so damn cute right now . " 
does anyone else think that it is just wrong that it is snowing already ? 
up at 5 am again , for another short day at work 
where it the light at the end of the tunnel ? 
where is the light at the end of the tunnel ? will i ever see it ? 
swine flu is in Grafton . 
finally the weekend . 
sick , slept all day and still feel tired . 
so after 2 days of nothing but sleeping , i still feel gross , but not getting sick anymore so i HAVE to go to work . lets see how the day plays out . 
yay ! the lyme test came back negative . they think he may have just sprained his leg , pr tore the muscle a little ( lets hope its not a tear ) 
If nothing else thank the lord for your family . cause when shit hits the fan , they are the only ones to help you with it . 
i love days that turn out way better then you think they will ! 
is up way too early . 
cant wait for today to be over 
oh Mondays , how i hate you . 
thank you to everyone for the great birthday wishes ! 
it's Friday ! 
being back to reality really sucks . 
all i wanted was a few days with no agenda and now that i have them , i find myself very bored . 
the week is half over ! 
it's f'ing cold out . i hate the cold 
does not like the fact that winter has to come after it being so warm . what happened to the season of fall ? where did it go ? 
hoping that everyone has a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and that they are with the ones they love 
is having a great new years < PROPFEMALE > . now gonna sit down and play < PROPFIRST > on the wii with my lil < PROPMALE > 
not really looking forward to getting back into the routine of things tomorrow . 
getting back into the swing of things . 5am came way to quick today 
forgot over the last two weeks how much it sucks getting up at 5am everyday . Especially when it is this cold out . I hate the winter . 
last day of the work week for me . hahaha . i love my new job . 
my head wants to go boom . motrin where are you ? 
waking up to see that it is only 9 degrees out ! wtf i want to go back to bed now . 
off to the dentist then work til about 7-730 . 
well the week is half over , cant wait for Friday . 
i truely hate insurance companies . 
3 day weekend !! 
has a headache after spending the afternoon painting 
so it's 5:30 am and the snow hasn't started yet , this should be a fun drive to work today . 
goodmorning . 
is making marshmallow men with the kids today 
my weekend starts today ! game night with the family tonight 
is it summer vacation yet ? i hate getting up at 5am for the kids cause of school on Mondays 
not as productive as usual this morning . work at 11 
waiting for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > to get home for dinner 
mouth hurts 
really wishes that i was still numb . 
back to work today , this should be interesting 
not a bad day . no pain for the most part 
babysitting most of the day 11am- ? 
is soooo tired . I just wish my jaw would stop aching 
the house is nice and quiet . picking up and vaccuuming done , now what else ? 
long day with lots of kids = big headache 
< PROPFEMALE > not excited about this snow coming 
I hate not being able to shake this feeling . 
is sick of not being appreciated for some things . 
it will be a good day , it will be a good day , it will be a good day . 
well its Thursday . one more day after today . thank goodness 
such beautiful weekend . its so sad that it has to end . 
doesnt want to be up right now . 
lets see how today pans out considering i already woke up over an hour late . oh joy . 
lets see , its thursday . that means dinner with my man , and i get to see my little < PROPMALE > today . its gonna be a good day . 
it needs to get warmer , now . 
is just done with this week . where is the fastforward button ? 
Why on such an amazing day do I feel so gross ? 
Finally doesn't feel like a zombie , just in time to go to bed . Lol , gotta love it . 
If nothing else , today will be a good day . 
I swear , if my assignment doesn't go through right this time , I'm pitching the laptop across the house . Lol 
am finding that I am very bored considering I have so much to do . Just don't want to do it 
feels like I slept about 20 minutes last night . Ugh . Here we go day , lets hope your a good one . 
its Thursday , its a pay week , and teacher appreciation week . why is it that all the good weeks fly by before you know it ? 
All the amazing flowers our parents gave us are horrible for my allergies . 
too much to do with no way near enough time to do it . its gonna be a long rest of the week . 
too hot to do school work . Although it is due today , ugh gotta get it done . 
Happy 5th Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!!! Auntie loves you so much . 
why ? 
Its gonna < PROPFEMALE > long day in the house if it rains 
is so tired . thank god the day is over . 
oh thursday , can we please jus skip over you 
feels blah ... movies all day is ok with me . 
still feels blah , stupid rain last week making me think I dont have to take my allergy meds . 
wants to go back to bed . 
dislikes being onhold with the vet only to have them come back and say can we call you back ? We dont want you to stay holding the line up . 
so happy to be able to sleep in my own bed again last night . 
hates waking upwith a massive headache 
the drama needs to stop , and people need to get their heads out of their ass's 
class number 2 down , 2 more to go . 
it's not fair , the days when I can sleep in I'm up at 5:45 . 
It will be a good day . 
dislikes having to do school work all day . 
I think yet another trip to the vet will be scheduled for tomorrow . 
Where oh where is my island ? 
Lets see what else can go to crap ! 
the pile keeps getting higher and higher . 
why is it that there is at least 1 person pissed at me at all times ? 
with how complicated life is , the after life better be some hell of a party 
trying to look on the bright side of things . Key word \ trying \"" 
the bright side seems to be getting brighter . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and for those who continue to conquer it . Put this up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste . I did , will you ? ??? 
sad . 
yay , for Friday !! 
hopefully relaxing and doing homework today . its sad that it has to be inside when its so beautiful out . 
is done with being told I have to do things , to make everyone elses lives easier . 
Thursday . The week is almost over . 
It's back to reality time , gotta get up at 5am to take care of the kids . 
< PROPFIRST > starts kindergarten today !! He told me that he thinks he will be a little nervous . lol 
what a beautiful day . went hiking with my sister and < PROPFIRST > , what is next ? 
back to work today . 
wishes that it was still light out when I get up at 5am . Don't want summer to end . Not looking forward to the cold . 
Peach pie is in the oven . Had an awesome time with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > at the apple orchard ! 
Goodbye blonde hair !!! 
another busy day , ready to get started . 
While I'm waiting , I will not fade\ 
I will be running the race , even while I wait . 
Gotta love crazy mornings . 
completely done with today ! 
is up and moving for the cancer walk with the girlies from work today . 
today is a new day , what will it bring ... who knows ? 
very good day considering the kids couldn''t go outside this afternoon , but still glad that it's over . All I want is my PJ's 
why is it on the days i can sleep longer , the dog decides he wants to play at 5:30 am . Your lucky your cute Beckett . 
goodnight . Head is pounding , again . 
day off and still up at 5 am . What is wrong with me ? 
off to foxboro for the day . PDD day , at least I don't have to drive far , so sorry Mays . 
can't wait for a day off tomoorrow , so I can actually sleep in a bit . 
back to work . I can sleep on Friday . 
i wish waking up at 5am wasn't so hard . But of course i'm wide awake at 3am . 
it's sad when sleeping in for me means waking up at 7am . Rehersal for the wedding then babysitting later . 
not even a three day work week has me excited to be up right now . Think I'm starting to get a cold , great . 
Want to be somewhere warm . 
loves my big brother . He can get me so angry and within 5 seconds can also have me want to cry . Love you Kiss-a-fur . 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only one : to get better . I \ 
know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and \ 
put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died \ 
because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
Paranormal state and laundry 
lets try this hair thing again . hopefully it works , thanks to < PROPFIRST > 
love being able to read to < PROPFIRST > before bedtime . He is so sweet , one more book Auntie please ? 
very sad that it is sooo cold out 
November 1 , 2010 and its 28 degrees . You gotta be kidding me . 
the thought of < PROPFEMALE > with combat boots and a can of tuna instead of a pumpkin , just popped in my head . love you < PROPFIRST > . 
can't F ing stand people who think they can rule your life and others by intimidating you . Grow the F up . 
Thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes . 
hate waking up crying . I feel like I'm one of the kids . 
sooo tired I want to go to bed now . 
38 days til Christmas . Well , crap . 
anyone know a dentist that is open on the weekend ? 
good thing I looked at my schedule before I left . Don't have to be in until 10:30 . So it's just my luck this week that I was up at 5:00 . 
hates that it is dark out when I get up in the morning , and when I get home after work . Kinda depressing . 
trying really hard not to psych myself out about the dentist tomorrow .... 
Loves my man who is always there when I need him , and always there to take care of me . 
really wishes that this headache would go away . 
I truely hate the dentist . Stressed and have an enormous headache now . 
14 years , I love and miss you daddy . 
feeling very under the weather , I hope it's not the grossness that's going around . 
wishes my throat would stop hurting so i could drink my coffee . I don't feel like thats too much to ask . Gotta get moving and ready for work 
can't wait for tonight . Making a gingerbread village with < PROPFIRST > ! Hopefully this one the dog will not eat this year . lol , oh Beckett you are our dog alright . 
shopping is finally all done . now i just gotta get my butt in gear to wrap all of it . 
love that during vacation week the news station still sends me a text saying that the school will be closed tomorrow . Well , no kidding . LOL 
wow , it's Thursday already ? 
yay ! it's Friday . 
yay it's Friday ! 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU HERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY ... DOES . < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & ......... FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE 
migraine starting . this should be fun 
kinda getting annoyed that nothing I do is ever right . 
shoveling while having a cold doesn't mix well 
so wish this cold would go away . It would be nice not to feel gross when I wake up in the morning . Oh well , off I go 
out to free my car again . Taking bets on how long it will take to de-ice it . 
My back has gone numb after spending most of the afternoon chipping about 3 inches of solid ice off the entire driveway . 
praising the maker of the icy hot patch lol . Its gonna be a long day . 
Apple 
it's 8 am . Guess I should contemplate getting ready and going to the gym 
Truely blessed by the people in my life . :) 
