alone 

27 days 
25 days ! this sux ! but hey its better than 26 days right ? 
i wish she were here . i miss her ......... 
is just so lost !!!!!! 
every way i turn i hit a brick wall 
what else ?????????????? 
lord hear my prayer 
i miss her 
- 
el jimador --- enough said 
where am i supposed t go from here ? 
i hate doing laundry !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
i dont know what the fuck to do anymore 
i guess sometimes u just have to keep fighting till u win .. but when is that is the question 
over , done , finished , dead , gone , history so where do we go from here when all we want to do is live again 
cant sleeeeeeeeeeeeep ! wish she were here tonight 
wish i wasnt here or anywhere 
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar eeeeeagglllllleeee !!!!! yeah baby !!!!! 
i will fight i dont know the outcome but i will do whatever i can !!!!!! 
less than 24 hours 
13 hours 
12 hours ! 
so now the hard part begins ! but we have to push through it ! 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , and pray for a tomorrow . 
its amazing how at one point everything can be going so well and then in a split sec your entire life is flipped upside down 
lord here my prayer 
if you follow God and your heart together the path to happieness will always be infront of you 
great day 
got a new carthat wont break down in 6 months ! or at least its new to me ! haha 
sick 
we're just two lost souls swimmin in a fish bowl year after year ....... 
when you think its done and you wanna ride on .... cocaine 
darlin wont you ease my worried mind ...... 
sayin im happy when im not ...... findin roaches in the pot ........... 
the day i die will be the day i shut my mouth and put down my guitar ........ 
laundry suuuuuuucks 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes it was a great day !!!!!! it always is of coarse !!!! 
i hate being sick .. i hate being sick .. i hate being sick 
got the swin flu .... uugghh 
If we all threw our problems in a pile and saw everyone else's , we'd grab ours back . 
has anyone ever taken the cinnamon challenge ? 
puppyyyyyyyyyyyyyy !!! 
amazing how people can turn out to be such douche bags 
a 40oz to freedom is the only < PROPMALE > i have to feel good even tho i feel bad ! 
goooooooo saints hahahahahaha first time in 43yrs !!!! who the hell is manning bet he never thought he would be beat by new orleans hahahahaha ! who dat ?!?!?!?!?!?!!? 
fuck fake people who act one way when one person is around and then completely different when someone else is around 
life is fucking beautiful hahahahahaha 
lord take me down to mexico , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , baja california .... 
Confused ..... been a long time and now I'm done . Justconfused and hurt , but don't no y . 
What a great day !! 
sleeeeeeep , maybe . probly not .... 
Kirmit rufins , rebirth and . A beer now this is how u relax .... 
I wanna make amends , I wana blow off stress , I wana stoke the fire , maybe just for a while ..... 
Bout to head to auburn ... 
everyone needs to watch the mavie Food Inc . it is awesome and shows you alot abt the real food industry today . we also all need to supprt all of our local growers and meat farms . support all slow foods , our world will never change fo the better if we dont start today ! 
My 6yr old niece just told me my feet smelld like poop , so I said her breath smelld like poop she told me all of my body smelld like poop and then strted crying 
is just sad today 
Toy story 3 in 3D with my niece woo-hooo 
Itsnt it kinda messed up that on a phone keypad mom is 666 
Beer $9 a 6pack , cigar $4 , knowing I don't have to work for 6 more days .... priceless 
Life moves pretty fast , if you don't stop and look around once and a while you could miss it . 
Just went for a run on the beach . Well , more of a jog then walk then jog a little , and walk some more . But it was nice to see all the sandpipers and kingfishers , seagulls , baby horseshoe crabs , tons of blue crabs and baby fishes , little sting rays and even a few flounders 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for 
Its finally here !!!! War damn eagle !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Love to jam to some counting crows man , good tunes 
Auburn , alabama , WV , ohio , TCU , texas , nebraska , oregon , florida , florida state , wisconsin , VT , arkansas , GT , USC , LSU , utah , south < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > 
i think i was sweating more in this last hour than i did all night at work ! oh well we did it and we will get better . war eagle !!!! 
Work in four hours and still can't sleep , uuuggghh 
Waaaaaarrrr eeeeaaagggllleee !!!! 
Anyone want a penatly ? We've got plenty of them ... 
Aaaaaaahahahahahaha war damn eagle !!!!!!!!! 
Soooweeee 
Yes we cam ! 
i dont like people 
Ramma jamma yella hamma go to hell alabama 
War damn eagle !! 
Alabama lost this week ... big wooop . Y'all playd like shit . Get over it . It doesn't mean y'all r aa bad team u won 29 strait regular season games . That says something but u lost its ok dobt be such dicks abt it and get over it everyone loses . 
here piggy piggy !! 
mmm hungry howies pepperoni anfeta on garlic butter crust 
war damn eagle ! goin to the game ! go tigers ! lets get them hogs !!! 
On the way to auburn ! War damn eagle !!! 
War daMn eagle !!!!!!!! 
ok and now time for sleeeeeppp ! i hate being sick :( 
War damn eagle !!! L S Boo Hoo Hoo !!! 
War eagle baby !! Its great to be and auburn tiger !!! 
#3 ? Behind boise state ? WTF ? REALLY ?!?!? 
Aaaaahahahahah #1 #1 #1 war damn eagle !!! 
Heavenly Father , walk through my home and take away all my worries and any illness watch over and heal my family . In Jesus name , Amen . If God comes first in your life , thenstop what u r doin and post this to ur status 
dont let us get sick . dont let us get old . dont let us get stupid alright .. just make us be brave , and make us play nice . and let us be together tonight .... 
War eagle ! 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! its my birthday woo ! 
ow 
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway 
war eagle ! gonna be an interesting game no matter which way the cam thing goes ... get em tigers ! 
Another one bites the dust ! Hey hey , another one gone , another one gone . Another one bites the dust ! 
y has it seemd lately everyone cares so much abt what other people want to know abt them ? y does it matter ? if its that important why havnt they asked you beore ? y hide behind the curtains ? if u want to ask someone ask them !!!!!!!! 
i got black ops ! i got black ops ! woo-hoo ! 
special needs kids are not sick or gross , they only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request : Is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour . It is special education week , and this is in honor of all kids who are made in a unique way 
Strait outta compton ... 
Do not indulge over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief , regret and depression . Do not repeat them in the future . 
thank you B.B. < PROPMALE > for being you 
woman oh woman y ya treat me so mean ? u that meanest ol woman that iv ever seen . i guess if u say so , then i havta pack my things and go 
waiting for my ruca 
ah nevermind , not worth it . 
oh and twisted thought that spin round my head\ 
im spinning\ 
oh im spining\ 
how quick the sun can drop away\ 
and now my bitter hands\ 
cradle broken glass\ 
of what was everything\ 
all the pictures had\ 
< PROPFEMALE > n washed in black\ 
tatooed everything\ 
all the love gone back\ 
tattooed all i see\ 
all that i am\ 
all ill < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Thankfull for an amazing family great friends and my dog , all of which r by my side no matter what . For some reason ... almost to auburn for some much needed R&R !! 
Its game dayyyyy aaahhhhahahahaha war damn eagle . Let's get it baby !!! 
Boda geta boda geta boda geta ba ! Ra ra ra sis boom ba ! Weagle weagle War damn eagle , kickem in the butt big blue !!! Hey ! 
Come on aburn , relax , adjust , and come back out and win !!! WDE ! 
War eagle ! Going to the corner !! 
goooood morning vietnam !!!! 
oh well guess i dont have plans now . that sux , i guess ill just sit on my ass and play video games all day now . 
Da bears . 
Number one ! War damn eagle ! We comin baby ! 
good bye < PROPFIRST > Nielsen u funny guy u . u will be missed . 
all the children arrre insane .... 
did you know that if is the middle word in life ? 
i vote for eddins family and the aunts and cousins to have christmas at mamas house ! ( u know you hate me right now but i love you ! ) 
< PROPFIRST > heels ? r u for real .... 
life is like a box of chocolates , you eat it as fast as posible smiling the whole way . then when ur mom finds out what uv done she beats ur ass . 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one ... to get better . Most people won't post this as their status , but my friends will be the ones that do , in honor of someone who died of , or is fighting cancer . \ 
\ 
R.I.P. cayce 
what if tomorrow never comes ? what if today is forever done ? i need to know right now ! where do we go from here ? what if everything just disapears ? 
would so get down on this FB thing but i cant change my profile pic till either auburn loses or wins out . i think i would pick pluto(mickey mouses dog ) with a big ass bone in his mouth . represents pure natural instinct for < PROPFEMALE > . really going for what you want in life and doing whatever needed to get it 
War Eagle Baby !!!!!! We got this ! 60 mintues ! Let's take it all the way through ! Getm tigers ! 
War eagle !!!! We are goin to Glendale baby !!!!! 
last year my saints did it ! this year my tigers are going to do it ! 25 years of watching these teams with my family and finally i get to see them both rise to the top and shine like they diserve . this is truly awesome and i am proud i get to see it ! War Damn Eagle . 60 more < PROPFEMALE > . to a national title ! lets go baby ! 
nap time .... love off days 
this VEVO crap on youtube sux it always makes the videos on my computer choppy ! i hate it ! 
Holidays are tough ....... wish heaven had a phone .... so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today ... but that's nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories and pictures in a frame ....... re- post if you have some one in heaven that you miss on earth . mama ez you will always be in my heat and memories , i love you 
fml y csnt anything just the way i want it too ? just one , lord i need some help now please . 
And I just can't keep living this way So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage\ 
I'm standing up , Imma face my demonsI'm manning up , Imma hold my ground I've had enough , now I'm so fed up Time to put my life back together right now It was my decision to get clean , 
short ribs in the oven smell awesome ! jarusalem artichoke/potatoe puree , acorn sqush baby turnips , and parsnips ! gonna be awesome !! also got a cheese boerd of aged gouda , aged chedder and blue affinee . OMG I CANT WAIT !!! 
we just lost mahlozon to vandy , this sux .... bad 
god i cant wait to get out of birmingham !!!!!! 
oh my god its cold , oh my god its cold , oh my god its cold , oh my god its cold 
make it rain trick 
still praying aunt < PROPFEMALE > ! i love you ! 
now i remember me and < PROPFEMALE > playin duck duck goose , me and my buddies it was just us dudes , oh i remember snow days with so much anticipation stayin up the night before hopin for a cancelation , nightmares when mamd come in the room sayin aint nobody comin for cuz theyd be comin for 2 , holidays and spending time with the fam noww its like aint nobody give a damn . oh ima keep on , lookin back on yesterdays . 
vanilla ice cream with caramel ? why yes , dont mind if i do . 
Shiter was full ... 
Who has tickets to the bowl game for sale ??? 
I'm in love with Janvier < PROPFIRST > and my Auburn friends ... but mostly Janvier :) 
good morning everyone ! its a beautiful day ! 
tired . 
ohio state 1-9 against SEC in post season play , thanks ark ! 
hope tomorrw is as good as today ! probly not , hard to beat ... 
didnt sleep at all ! this is gonna be fun ... 
Ok then nevermind , done with that one I guess . 
6 days ! 
is tired of trying to be friends with people 
Thinks today is gonna be a good day . 
music be my time machine , please take me back to a happier place . 
i got to sleep , i dream of you . \ 
we talk , we laugh , we kiss . \ 
we run and play . \ 
go to movies , the theater , and an opera or ballet . \ 
we make love . \ 
we lay together , happy . \ 
then i wake up and realize the only truth . \ 
im alone . 
WWWWWAAAAAAAARRRRRRR EEEEEAAAAAGGGGGGLLLLLLLLEEEEE !!!!!!!!!! 
jogging ! 
i think my facebook is broken . it keeps adding comments , then deleting them , and its adding other comments like 3 times . boo . 
WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!!!! GAMN DAY BABY ! HEEEEEERRRRREEEE DUCKY DUCKY DUCKY ! BOOM ! ROAST DUCK FOR DINNER BABY ! 
beer pong yaaaaaayyyy ! 
Waaaaaarrrr eeeeeaaaggggglllllleeee !!!!!!!!! Let's get it !!!!!!! 
63yrs . Now its our year , the yar of the tiger . War damn eagle . 
its so awesome waking up a national champion . war eagle , my head hurts . 
I'm not superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So : copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days ... based on Chinese Fung Shui . The one who does not copy will be without money . I can't let that person be ME or YOU ! What the heck ......... it can't hurt .... 
ok thatwas enough exercise now time for sleep ! 
Today was a good day 
going to the auburn vs alabama hocky game today !! first hockey game ever , hope its a good one . 
da bears 
touchdown bears 
city island is an awesome movie ! everyone should see it ! 
ooooooh no , that shut aint happnin < PROPFEMALE > ! 
time to go out ? nah , well maebe , i dont work till nine . okay but just a little . 
ok ill be in auburn next week 
aaaaaaahhhhh head hurt , pain , work , uuuuugggghhhh . ok bonethugs help me wake up wake up 
ok well more patrying for me for a while . im sick , like really sick . headache throwing up fever sick . no bueno theraflu and sleep for me for a few days 
Oh well 
ok im good now , but prayers are going out for some good friends . 
goood morning < PROPFEMALE > ! its a beeeaaaauuutiful day ! 
yesterday was amazingly productive , cleand house , payd bills , bathed jimmi , got shopping done , had long hardcore workout . today i woke up and decided to walk about 6 < PROPMALE > around southside with jimmi , bad idea , between the two days i think i have pulled ever muscle in my legs and back . tomorrow is going to suck . 
Off to work whoop whoop . Only 13 hrs to go and ill have a day off ! Hiking and then superbowl baby yeya . Go steelers ! 
I'm not in love , but the sex is good ..... 
Come on steelers !!! 
:( 
ahhh , finaly laundry is done ! now i can sleep ! 
