vice prez in the hizzzzhouse !!!!! 

ugg y am i < PROPFEMALE > bored all the time :( 
when life gives u lemons make some extra sugary lemonade 
i hate school ! 
yuck im bored 
im out people !!! ill be back tomorrow !!! 
gaaa grounded go bucks !!! 
pie is on my mind 
Today is one of those days when i wish i could escape . 
im back from mexico !! it was < PROPFEMALE > pretty 
is tired 
yayyyyy its saturday !!! 
is in pain and took 2 advils that make me tired 
GAHHH IM SOOO HAPPY I GOT THE NEW < PROPFEMALE > INSPERION WITH WINDOWS 7 FOR CHRISTMAS !!!!! 
chess = death by bishop :( 
HAPPY 2011 !!!!!! 
yay school starts back up tommorrow and so does pretty little lyars ... good day :) 
YAYYYYY snow day ! but i still have to shovel the driveway :( 
YAYYYYY may dance is back !!! 
ummm did the radio broadcast thingy ... it could have gone better 
is sick :P 
i hate drama and how people start it intentonily 
why am i awake right now ? 
ewww i should not be awake :P 
blahhhh i have an orthodontist apt . :P i dont want to go 
yummmmmm big cookie 
i am the only person that can slam my knee in my lockers door :( 
i had to see a play with my grandpa last night it was sooo boring :( 
was hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > 
its my birthday :) 
i want more snow so we can have a snowday 
SNOWWWWW DAYYYYYY :) 
wooooo no school again !!!! 
WTF TWO HOUR DELAY :( 
blahhhh back from school im so freaking bored !!! 
YAY SNOW !!!!! 
SNOWWWWW DAYYYYYY ( again ) WOOOO 
WORST FREAKIN NIGHT EVER first we go to a resteraunt and my grandpa is rude to everyone then we go to dream girls 10 < PROPFEMALE > into it my grandpa goes i think im ready to go so we leave in the middle of it and everyone stares at us on the way home he misses his turn a million and four times i get home my dog mad a huge mess so i have to clean it up !!! i had canceled all my plans for today for this horrible night =( 
has to do laundry =( 
is going to barns and < PROPMALE > 
May dance is off for 7 graders 
ewwww im still sick after 3 days 
blahhhh i have softball conditioning tonight from 5- 6:45 
blahh im bored i have to go to a freakin play later and i dont want to go 
going to easton to shop :) 
GAHHHHHHHH softball tryouts tonight so nervous 
last day of tryout i figure out if i make the team or not tonight 
workin on a partheon or parthoen however you spell it 
WWOOOOOO SPRING BRAKE 
blahhhhh im bored out of my mind 
What do tigers dream of when they take a little tiger snooze ? 
a hate how they set up periods for next year its so stupid 
YUM i love twizzlers 
gotta baby sit today :P 
UGGGGG white castle pizza cookies and mexican thats what i ate this weekend and im about to die UGGGGG 
GRRR my bag handle broke :( 
woooo may dance is geting closer and closer 
hola gente encontre < PROPFEMALE > traductor español por lo que ahora soy jugando < PROPFEMALE > rato con él esto es realmente divertido , pero ya sabes lo que es más divertida la mayoría de ustedes no sabrán lo que estoy diciendo wow yo podía divertirse con este 
uggggg i have to go to a dentist appt . and my mom has to get a filling hahahahaah meh i HATE the dentist :( 
Meh i hate sundays cuz we have to go to school tommorrow 
lalalalalalla haha like my beautiful song i call it lalala 
ugggg my head hurts and i have a practice at 7 grrrrrrrr :P 
woooo May Dance tickets on sale tommorrow !!!!!!!!! 
meh i have softball practice then guess what CHIPOTLE !!!!!! yummm 
YUM < PROPMALE > and jerrys new york super fudge chunk ice cream <3 <3 <3 
MAY DANCE IS TODAY !!! so excited I had fun decorating for it yesterday !!!! 
Oh my goodness may dance was < PROPFEMALE > fun even if i did fall over hahahahaha now im all danced out though and my legs hurt a little but < PROPFEMALE > n i will have new pics up from the dance :) 
GRRRRR i need to find my camera so i can put up may dance pics X__X thats suposed to be a mad face but it looks dead oh well 
OHHHH CAMERA WHERE ARE YOU ????? 
Goodnight facebook :OO yawnss 
UGGGGG i hate being confused :(((( and i feel like a bad person ! im in a pickle 
dont feel good thank you possibly contagious sister of mine 
just woke up to a camera in my face being recorded ... story of my life 
My computer sounds like it is about to blow up :O OHHH NOOO 
yuck i have softball practice and its too hot out :P 
mehhh ... im sick :P 
im going to a baseball game this weekend :)) 
grrrr sunburn !!! but atleast it was fun at funday :) 
yay i have a softball game today !!! 
hmmm ... what sound does a llama make ?... questions 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > bag and mango body butter ... not a good combination 
..... not a good day in math ... now im in hiding B ) 
... i sat on my cat woops ~.~ 
OHHH NOO i think my computer is gonna EXPLODE it keeps going woooooooooshhhhhhhhh D: NOOO 
MEHH ... softball game at like 7:15 :P 
YUCK !!! i have another softball game at 7:15 wont be done till atleast 9:30 and wont be in bed till like 10:30 so bsasicly its a repeat of last night grrrr i need sleep !!!! 
... yea i have writing all over my arm 
hehehe i popped a water balloon :) 
hahahaha my pants are too tight hahahahaha RANDOM !!! 
... i ate cookies for breakfast !! :) 
YAY 2 MORE DAYS I CANT WAIT !!! like this if you agree !!! 
OH MY GOSH 1 MORE DAY !!!!!!!! its gonna be so sad ... i might cry ... :( 
... OMG ITS SUMMER !!!!!! now i cant wait to go school shopping hahahahahaha i love shopping !!! 
... i woke up at 6:52 to start running then when i finished got home took a bath ate breakfast and now i have to post pics from yesterday !!! then i have a softball game at 5:30 ... :P 
gosh darn it i cant find the usb cord for my camera ! 
... im sick :P 
red wine lady gaga .. ohhh aa , i have a little bit too much much all of the people start to rush start to rush by !! 
its been a bad day 
FML !!!!!! 
... i spilled boiling hot water on my leg now i have a blister the size of a quater on my thigh ... ouch :( 
????? omg its my name in chinese 
i just put my cat in a basket and scooted him around on the carpet and made car noises :) he purred the whole time ... i think there is something wrong with him ... 
gosh ... i shouldnt be awake !! 
yuck i have to wake up at 8:30 and go mow the lawn then im going to the batting cages ... :P 
yumm ... i ate at panera bread :) 
I hate people who don't learn from their mistakes . They just keep doing things that harm them and/or their family . 
im tired but i just cant go to sleep :P mehhhhhh 
OMG ITS 11:11 make a wish 
chocolate milk + bed = :) 
I had to clean today :P yuck 
Why dont we have any milk at my house ?? 
Im going to a baby shower today :) 
MEHHH !!! its hot out !!!! 
UGGGG i have a softball game today at 1 and im gonna burn up like toast :P 
Why am i awake when I could be sleeping ?? 
D: GRRR i hate it when your looking on the internet for something and you cant find it !!!! 
mehhh i wanna go back to bed :P 
Softball game at 5:30 im about to get ready :)) but about half my teams on vacation :( Ohhhhh welll 
EWWWWW :P i have to do chores 
they say when life knocks you down to get right back up ... but how many times can you just \ get back up \"" 
going to batting cages .. ima get out some anger :D 
gonna have a cook out with the family oh joy joy ima have to clean the kitchen mehhhh :P 
\Make one person happy each day and in 40 years you will have made 14600 human beings happy for a little time at least . \ " - < PROPMALE > Willey " 
:P i have softball tanlines grrrr they are the worst my arms are tan and my knees ONLY my knees ! not the rest of my leg grrrrrr 
Me and my sister have the oddest conversations ! 
People annoy me 
ewww i woke up today and my hair was extra curly :P mehhh i hate humidity !!!! 
Im going shopping :) so happy 
got back from shopping !!! i got what i needed ! and im seeing eclipse on wednesday SOOOO EXCITED its the best book 
so i was eating sour skittles and the first thing that pops into my head was \Hit me again tubesock ! Lets go ! \ " hahahahaa " 
meh im doin laundry then i have a game at 5:30 at least it isnt as hot as it was sunday that game was horrible OH and pretty little liers on at eight its a new one and eclipse tommorow !!!!!!!!! 
laser pointer + cat = fun hahaha im crule 
VICTORY !!! 12-2 good game ladies !!!!!! hehehe < PROPFIRST > to mint hahahahaha 
SOOO EXCITED !!!! eclipse at 6:55 i cant wait !!!!!!!!! 
:P i had to clean my room 
A sense of humor ... is needed armor . Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life . \ 
< PROPMALE > Sidey ... i like this qoute !! ECLIPSE TONIGHT !!!! 6:55 
Oh my goodness im seeing Eclipse so soon !! at 6:55 :)) 
oh my gosh i loved eclipse its the best one yet ... im headin off on vacation tommorrow im going to coco keys i wont be back untill after the 4th i think 
softball game tonight at 5:30 i hope it isnt hot out :PP i dont want to do that again !! 
Im leaving for Coco Key today and wont be back untill Monday :))) !!! bye facebook 
back from vacation ... im relaxed 
mehhhh softball game at 5:30 ... :P i just got back from vacation too ... i getting back into the swing of things ! 
:PPP im tired and dont feel that great mehhhhh 
ZOMG first game of tournament today !!! i wonder who we are playing 
ZOMG !!!!!! Championship today at 7:15 im so freaking excited !!!!!! 
YAY !!!! so we won the championship !!!! soooo happy ... the couch called me slow though hahahaha we dont get our trophies till sunday at the party but whatever ... ohh and one last thing .... HULK SMASH !!!!!!! maaaahahahahahahhaa 
yummm i ate stir fry :)) 
im about to get highlights in my hair !!!! hehee 
hahaha im now part blond :))) 
i hate how you talk to someone about something and then in like 2 mins there talking to someone else about you !!! D: 
... my stomach hurts 
Groveport pool today with my < PROPMALE > :)) 
... my stomach hurts :P 
mehhhhh im bored today ... :P 
mehhh i hate mondays they are the worst :PP i kinda want school to start again 
:)))) hehehe pretty little liars tonight @ 8 im sooo happy last weeks episode was awsome !! my computer is bein stupid :/ 
... i just picked the ends off of green beans for 5 hours :PPPPP i hate it when my mom cans things 
My grandpa is comin up from Florida :)) 
... i just almost fell down the steps hahaha :) 
it smells like stir fry in my house <3 
just got back from school clothes shopping i got lots of stuff :))) 
went to the jazz and rib fest today ... it was wayyyy to hot outside !!! 
hmmm im hungry but i dont know what to eat ... i want fried rice for some reason :) 
hmmmmm why am i awake : Ozzz 
went shopping and then installed speech recognition on my computer ... im lame :P 
i just woke up ! i got to sleep in today !! don't know what im doin but might have a sleep over at < PROPFEMALE>'s tommorrow !!! 
AACCHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?.. If you're allergic to bullcrap , drama , games , liars , and fake people ~ keep this sneeze going ! 
Whoknows me best ? Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Bestfriend . Nickname . Copy this to your status & see who really knows you (: 
(: < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > ? ???? uo ? s ,??? o ? ?? ???? u ??? ? u ? pu ? ds ?? q ? qo ? d ?,? ooos u ? op ? p ? sdn s ? s ??? ???? s ? nq ? u ? z ??? ? ou ?,? ?? q ?? ? o ??????? ???? ? u ? z ??? ?? ? ? sn ??? q u ? op ? p ? sdn s ? sn ??? s ?? ???????? 
woooooohoooo ohio state fair with dylanie tommorrow then shes sleepin over fun fun :)) 
Dylanie Shaw woooooo sleep over tommorrow and ohio state fair !!! see ya at 10 
wow my stomach hurts :PPPP shouldnt have eaten that pot pie 
awww its not gonna storm :((( ohhh well 
Dylanie Shaw you left your little rubber cow at my house hahahaha 
my stomah hurts yet again it woke me up at 4 im the morning and it kept me up for like an hour and a half :((((( 
hmmmmmmm ... i lost the little paperthat i wrote what time i have to be at the school to help pass out sceduals :((( mehh 
hmmmm going to the grampas house today at 3 
sooo im in < PROPMALE > ohio visiting my grandpa and we are picking up his friend tommorrow at 4 . hmmmmm and might get a fish .... lets hope its fate is better then swimmys :( 
hmmm bought fish stuff :)) fishy for me 
just ate a GIANT strawberry flavored marshmellow :)) it was the size of 5 normal marshmellows combined :))) yumm 
hmmm pretty little lyers tonight :)) 
hmmm Pretty Little Liars 
hmmm my family needs to pick up the phone :/ 
bout to watch pretty little lyars on line :) 
WHAT ?!?!?!?!?! < PROPFEMALE > cant be dead < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
hmmm it seems im stuck untill saturday 
yay home at last :)) 
gosh i can't wait for school to start im so sick of summer :/ sitting around doing nothing is not my thing mehhhh first fall ball practice tonight fun fun :) 
hmmmmm i want to go back to bed :(( 
hahahaha ohhh goodness my profile is in pirate 
ewww the power went out at like 2 in the morning and of course it woke me up imidently :((( blehhhh barely slept last night 
softball practice tonight at 7 !! wooo thats late 
eww chiropractor today said that my neck is messed up somehow ??? sooo now i have to do these work out thingys . and my sholders are messed up ??? ohhh well 
groveport pool later with Dylanie Shaw 
uggggg ive had a headache since like 9 o'clock this morning :P 
Dylanie Shaw hahahah you left me 41 notifications hahhaah you just liked everything on my wall hahahahaha 
mehhhh chiropractor in a couple mins :PP i dont want to go but what i really want is sleep :) 
ugggg im so sick of overly dramatic peopleD : 
helping pass out sceduals today other then that nothing else mehhhhh :P 
1 . Us history-Monhollen\ 
2 . spanish-black\ 
3 . science-Chappelear\ 
4 . lunch\ 
5 . industrial tech\ 
6english-cambell\ 
7 . pre-algabra-hemmerly 
blehhhhh i cant stop coughing :PP 
is anybodys locker by 2323 ???? 
either softball practice or open house today :/ mehhhh why do they have to be at the EXACT same time ! its probably gonna be softball 
baaahahahaha i love it when people have mood swings :)) 
god why when i talk to someone do they think i like them WHY CANT IT JUST BE FRIENDS !!! jeshhhhh people are immature 
going to the football game with dylanie then sleeping over fun fun :)) still havent gone school supply shopping yet :/ 
theres a place downtown where the freaks all come around its a hole in the wall its a dirty free for all :)) 
blehhhh im shopping for school supplies :P i thought i lost my schedual and almost had a panic attack ohhhh well :) 
going boating today !! possibly wave boarding ?!?!?! hmmmm yess i think so . School starts tommorrow sooo incredibly excited ! 
someone got shot in my neighborhood and possibly died :((( this makes me really want to move 
dang it ! i left that stupid spanish paper in my locker so now i cant do my homework DARN ! 
blehhhh school is really making me tired :PP 
first game tonight at 7:30 we are gonna win GO BUCKS !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Davies it turns out im going to the game tonight so ill see ya there :))) 
i ate a hotdog for lunch and now my stomach hurts ohhhh well :P 
just got back from my dad and his friends fantasy football draft/party i think im gonna take a nap :) 
mehh even on 2hr delays im tired when i get home from school WHAT THE CRAP !!!! 
mmk so i just saw this and it made me chuckle hahahaha ... chuckle ... so this guy goes up to this girl and the guy says to the girl \y do u wear a bra ? u have nothing to put in it\ " and the girl says \ " you wear pants don't u ? \"" 
possible norths soccer game tonight cuz my sister wants to see her boyfriend play and she wants to take me 
softball game tonight at 7:15 cant wait first game of the season !!!! need to listin to music that pumps people up ! 
not even an hour before my game starts !!! im nervous :PPPP ohh well i work better under pressure 
... my computer is bein stupid :PP blehhha and if anyone is in spanish can you please tell me what the homework was over in the book ?? 
goodness its like 2 degrees in my house so im rocking some messy hair and a giant black hoddie ... and ... shorts .. mabey if i wasnt wearing those i would be warmer hmmm i need some jeans :))) GO BUCKEYES ! 
i was watching those 9/11 shows on tv and started crying so i decided i would come down here on my computer and not watch tv for awile 
Its halftime and the score is Miami 17- Ohio State 26 :)))) lets LETS GO BUCKS !!! 
softball game today at 3 i think but i have to get there super early for pictures :PP blehhhh i hate taking pictures lets hope we kick some butt like last game :))) 
<3 <3 <3 leftover chinese food <3 <3 <3 
Brennan : yea thts all tru\ 
Me : i know im a genius :)) \ 
Brennan : haha yea\ 
Me : YOU ADMITED IT ! \ 
its pretty sad that i get that excited when people admit im a genius Brennan Lambert 
working on science project then probably sleeping :)))) ohhh i love sleep <3 
Like this and ill right a paragraph about you :))) 
lalalalalal softball game tonight at 7:15 !! woooo excited 
OHHHH NO TORNADO SIRENS !!! i thought all the stuff was by dublin and westerville though ... imma check if my game is cancled :P 
You\ 
can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . I will answer no matter \ 
what . You have my complete honesty for 24 hours . I dare you to put this \ 
as your status and see what people ask you ! 
teen night tonight :)))) 
hahaha teen night then < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Davies house was < PROPFEMALE > funny hahahaha its so fun to mess with people on the phone when your tired \are you like drunk or something\ " \ " NO IM SLAP HAPPY !!! \ " hahahahahahaha " 
like this if you would date me\ 
if you love me put a ? \ 
if your my friend , put a (: \ 
if you hate me put a /: \ 
copy this & see how people feel about you ! 
WTF 70 notifications ?!?!?!?! ohhhh its on Dylanie Shaw 
ugggg softball game tonight at 5 and i feel like crap cuz im sick ... there must be something going around :PPP i really want my game to be cancled cuzz im not gonna be able to play with out passing out :(( 
blehhhhhh im sick :PP 
still feeling like poop :PP and im bored out of my mind blehhhhhh story of my life :))) 
yummm just made an egg sandwich :)) 
no football game for me my mom thinks its just gonna get rained out ... :(( 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time w/o speaking to you and never question the friendship . Repost if you have at least one true friend . 
At OSU game with parents tailgating 
ohio states kickin some butt :))) still eastern michagan should not have scored as many points as they have so far 
I'm in the middle of a feild ... dose this seem odd to anyone other then me 
soo ... i found my ipod ... now wheres the charger ?? 
softball game then possibly golf later ... i dont know 
people really tick me off 
my friend almost got hit by a car but i pulled him out of the way and the lady driving says \you kids are so F***in stupid ! \ " and drives away ... yea dont i have nice neighbors " 
good day at school !! going to the football game later :))) 
bout to go to the game :))))) 
hmmmm apple picking :)) that is a true sign of fall 
Hi im < PROPFIRST > :) 
YUMMMYYY ..................................................................................... TOXIC CAKE WITH Dylanie Shaw :)))))) HAHAH YEPPP IM COOL LIKE THAT 
havent slept in over 24 hours ... and i have a game at 3 .... i probably should have planned this better 
gosh the softball game was FREEZING !!!! we tied 14-14 i caught the ball that ended the game(thank god if i missed i would have been jumped :)))) hahahahaa ohhhh welll we are still undefeted :)) good game ladies 
game tonight at 5:15 lets play better then we did last night ladies ... i dont like tying winning is better 
blahhhh nothing going on just making student council posters YOU PEOPLE BETTER VOTE FOR ME ! :))) 
hahaha well cant beleve im doing this\ 
Like this and ill write one thing i love about you and one thing i hate . 
< PROPFEMALE > Love love how funny you are :)) \ 
hate THAT YOU SAY MY HEAD IS BIG hahahaha 
Makayla < PROPFEMALE > Tatarko Love how your my sister and we act basicly the same :))) \ 
hate that we only have one class together :(( 
< PROPFIRST > Kurguz love how you are funny ang get my stupid humor\ 
hate : haw we dont < PROPFEMALE > out as much as we should :( 
< PROPFIRST > Kemmerling Lvoe : how we < PROPFEMALE > out in industrial tech\ 
Hate how thats the only class we have together 
< PROPFEMALE > Thompson Love how nice you are to everyone and how you make me laugh :)) \ 
Hate : how we dont < PROPFEMALE > out very much(not including softball ) 
well i need more poster bored O.o boooo poster making is boring and i suck at it 
found something out in english today batman is better then superman :DD 
hmmm why am i awake you ask ?? Well imm going tailgating today and had to wake up early so we could leave and get a good spot thats why . :)) Go bucks 
softball game at 3 :DDD lets go pepto :D 
Game tonight at 7:15 wooo even if we lose we are still regular season champs again :DDD woooooo good job pepto ! 
first game of the tounament tonight at 5ish lets kick some butt pepto :DD 
OHHH MYYYY GOODNESSS !! championship game tonight at 6:30 sooo incredibly nervous !!!!!! lets kick some butt and be champs pepto :D 
< PROPFIRST > Hood = Best movie i have ever seen in my ENTIRE life :D you should all watch it 
Championship game last night we got to end the game early because we beat the snot out of them :DDDD woooooooo pepto is the fall ball 2010 champions :)) good game ladies 
hmm im reading a book ( gasp ) hehehe 
blehh its not even halftime yet and i i was about to throw my shoe at the tv :PPP wisconsin better not win ... go bucks 
Booo this 4 day weekend is coming to a close :((( atleast i have a softball party :DD 
hmmm i think i might have a cold fun fun :DD 
didnt kill my computer :DDD my cat just unpluged something THANK GOD :DDDDD 
hmm because everyone elese iss :)) \ 
like this and ill rate you 1-10 
hmmmm going out to eat soon :DD yummm im hungry 
if anyone knows where < PROPFEMALE > is can you please tell me or seleena oden 
< PROPFEMALE > im serious you are scaring me if you see this GO HOME ! 
SO HELP ME GOD CHELSY < PROPFEMALE > PASICKA IF YOU DONT GO HOME RIGHT NOW YOU ARE IN SERIOUS TROUBLE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > PASICKA IS HOME !!!!! 
My grandpas coming over and taking my family out to eat :DDDDDDD 
DANGGGGGG so many fights today !!!! 
Kick off at noon i believe lets hope we win this one gooo bucks 
<3 <3 <3 home made chicken noodle soup on a cold day <3 <3 <3 
if yardwork was a person i would kill it :) 
hmmm have to try again next year 
hmmm im not feeling well :P 
i had a bad day :( 
now im not talking to all of you but you seventh graders need to grow up like NOW me Makayla < PROPFEMALE > Tatarko and < PROPFEMALE > suver had to break up a fight today thats ridiculous !!! grow up and let it go in real life you cant just go up to someone and hit them and excpect your problems to be over life dosent work that way !!! GROW UP ! 
hmmmm i look beautiful with my fake unibrow , blue eyeshadow , mole . bright red lipstick , glasses and nerd clothes :DDD 
blehhhh headache :PP 
i got a giant thing of aussie shampoo and conditoner ITS HUGE !!!!! 
ive been baking bread since i got home .... now i have to wait an hour for it to rise ... :PPP this sucks 
my bread dough isnt rising .... thats proabably bad right ??? 
my breads in the oven ... it didnt rise ??? (dont ask me why ) sooo yeaaaa probably going to wake up early tommorrow and bake some new bread .... this would happen to me D: 
hmmm the bread could be worse ... but could be better .... hahahahhaa 
my bread tastes like poop ... ohhh well 
i went to cut my bread in half ant it was still doughy in the middle ... now im trying to rebake it :PP i suck at baking 
blehhhh i really dont feel like going to school tommorrow 
' s computer is going BRRRRRSSSSSSSRRRRSRSRSRSSRS hmmm its gonna explode hahahahaha 
you plead with people to do something that would make them a better person and they do the opposite ... story of my life 
IS THAT A HOT POCKET ?!?!?!!?!?!?!? NOPE ITS A CORNDOG !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > Gebremariam < PROPFIRST > Kemmerling hahahahaaha 
Halloween party with Dylanie Shaw hahaha then spending the night YAY fun fun 
hmmmm im tired ... i should probably sleep 
BLEHHHH im bored and this turn your clock back an hour thing has me completly messed upppp 
my computers going WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
hmmm guess what ??? ( what ) i have a headache :PPP blehhhhhhh 
If there is anything ive learned in my short 14 years of life its that people never cease so amaze me . 
My hair is up in braids cuzzz I want it to be curly tommorow ... I look funny hahahaha ohhhhh well !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ive have figured out disturbing news some of the people on here COUGH COUGH < PROPMALE > ruckle COUGH think jurasic park is better then lord of the rings ... poor illinformed people 
Like this and ill write something really random on your wall :)) 
Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot , anything you remember ! Don't send a message , leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this in your notes and see how many people leave a memory about you ... 
At the wall 
my computer is now on pirate :))) hehehehe on the top news thing it ways shiniest booty :)) hahahahahaha 
hmmm OSU game today at 3:30 we better beat Penn state ( wtf is a nitny lion ?? ) ohhh well GO BUCKS 
because everyone else is ... like this for a why wassup 
hmmm i have heart burn ... weird 
inbox me a question and ill truthfully as my status ?... i think this is the Q and A ? 
Q : Am I beautiful ? ( the person asked about themselves i think .... )\ 
A : I would say no but then i would feel bad .... :)) hahahahahahaha 
Q : Am I beautiful ? \ 
A : Absalutly positutly 
Q : y do u always wait till social studies to do ur spanish hw ? \ 
A : when else am i supposed to do it ???? haha 
Q : Should we < PROPFEMALE > out soon ? \ 
A : YESSSSSS !!!! 
Q : am I one of your best friends ? \ 
A : YESSSS !! hahahaha 
hmmm i think i should take a nap <3 :) 
i really need to upload new pictures ... or just edit some ... i really need to find my camera charger !!!! 
eating cookies <3 
divorce , being dragged in the hall way , being sat on , being pushed into a locker , and singing not very nice songs on the bus .... if my life was a movie it would be awsome !!! hahahaah good day 
blehhhhh im getting sooo sick of fall i want summer back 
like this status if you would care if i died & then recopy it as your status . 
hmmmm .... i dont want to go to school tommorrow ... :P im still tired from dylanies party 
yummmmmmm ... nacho day tommorrow ! 
NACHO day todayyyyy :))) yummm 
thank god its a 5 day weekend 
YUMMMMMM turkey day tommorrow cant wait !!!! 
... i just noticed like 90% of my posts are about food .... HAHAHAHAHAHAHA i feel like a pig :)))) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!!... im sooooo stuffed :)))) <3 turkey <3 
SOOOOO stinkin happy finnaly got WiFi 
hmmmm i still feel fat from yesterday :D 
my home < PROPFEMALE > on here is bing ... i pull up internet and a giant squirrle is staring back at me :)))) hahaha it cracked me up 
my cats been keeping me up since 3 .... i cant get back to sleep . but ohio state game today its the big one against michigan ( ewwie ) LETS GO BUCKS !!!!!! 
... trying to use oovoo ... hahah having issues 
hahahaa i finnaly got it to work :)))) \ 
Video call me now http://webvideocall.oovoo.com/callme/mbwilliams/287 
HEY YOU BEAVERS STOP CHUCKIN MY WOOD !!! haha 
Eww cant belive we have school tommorrow :P it was starting to feel like summer vacation again .... except for the cold hahahaha 
my alarm clock woke me up at 4:45 ... n hour early and i thought it was 5:45 and i didnt find out till i was eating my breakfast ... its just gonna be one of those days :P 
hey i woke up on time today :)))))) 
heyyyy whats < PROPFEMALE > whites actul name ????? 
came home and took a 2 hour nap :))) it was nice 
Wtf why are like 20 peoples profile pics pokemon ????? 
had a bad day ... the immaturity of people really ticks me off . 
hmmmm just woke up and im still in bed :)) i love how warm it is :))) my grandma and grandpa should be here somtime this morning :))) i get to < PROPFEMALE > out with them YAY !!!!! hahahaha wow ... im so tired it took me like 2mins to type this :) 
withh the family about to go bowling :)))) 
blehhhhhhh why am i not asleep right now ??????? 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , December 6th . \ 
Join the fight against child abuse . Copy and paste to your status to \ 
invite your friends to do the 
hey people ive been helping with toys for tots and they really need toys for girls 6-12 and boys 9-12 and little things like puzzles and babydolls if you want to donate drop off toys at the < PROPMALE > Fire Department to help someone have a < PROPFEMALE > christmas :) 
its nice to wake up and not feel tired :)) 
well hello snow i thought i told you to never come back :)))) 
i almost got a pink slip on the bus for laughing too loud .... i didnt understand it either :/ 
if you send me a number in my imbox ill write a status about you :D 
#1015 .... your a freak . 
hahaha i couldnt figure out how to post a status ... i dont like how things on her changed 
555 I <3 you :))) your like my sister and your one of my best friends in the world :) 
456 hahahaha your one of my best friends and you can make me laugh even when im in a poopy mood hahaha 
2444 :) you one of the nicest people ive ever ment and I <3 youuuu your sooo funny and your laugh is contagious 
helped at the firefighters for kids toy drive this moring for 5 hours they got lots of toys which is good :)) yeah i was lable lady i labled like 200 boxes ... it was fun 
trying to find some resturant close by thats showing the browns gam :D 
blehhh trying to memorize spanish skit \P " 
i am waiting patiently for the TV to say Pickerington local school no school ... but it hast happened yet :( 
i feel like a ninja ... the latch on my gate was frozen so it wouldnt open and i kicked it then it opened hahahaa 
i love how i can sing extreemly loud ( and poorly ) and not care :) 
if i wrote down all my dreams and published them into a book it would be a best seller :) 
i have to redo my entire powerpoint presentation .... UGGGGGG 
blehhhh im not feeling good ... thanks < PROPFIRST > ! haha 
< PROPFEMALE > Gebremariam since im sick today my mom dosent want any one comin over so we cant do cookies today sorry :(( 
i was sitting on the stool in the kitchen this morning and i fell off and landed on my wrist and now it has a bump on it and it hurts 
thank god theres only 2 days of school this week !!! ITS ALMOST CHRISTMAS !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > hat tommorrow ! :) 
YAYYY im wearing my < PROPFEMALE > hat !! 
disgusting bus ride home i almost vomited 
I cant believe theres only 2 more days untill christmas this year has been so short ! 
HAHAHAHAHAHA i sent to many messages to my dad asking him to add me that it temporailly blocked me from sending messages because it thinks im being abbusive of annoying hahahahahahaha woooooowwwww 
just in case i dont get on tommorrow and friday .... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and happy holidays !!! 
wow !!!! its Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and what am I doing ... sitting im bed :)))) 
GAAAAAA i cant wait untill tommorrow !!!!! i keep getting on here to waste time ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christms !!!! dont you hate it when your the first awake on Christmas ... it happens to me every year 
best christmas ever !!!! i got exactly what i wanted 
hanging with the family watching movies htc :)))))) 
GAAAA shortcuts on my desktop keep disapearing ??? wtf ?? 
im trying to fix the troubleshotter on my laptop it keeps \eating\ " my short cuts cuz it thinks they are broken ... wtf ? " 
spending the night at Dylanie Shaw :))) fun fun 
back from dylanies and the grandparents i feel like poop hmu 
uggg im sick so im gonna be in bed all day . text 
GAAA i hate being sick its so boring 
not sick today :)) im really ready for school to start :)) 
<3 panera bread <3 
Hmmm possibly seeing tron today . 
hmm nothing today :P htc 
happy new years everyone :D 
cant waittttt pretty little lyars at 8 
hmmmm why am i so tired ?? 
GAAAAA i have a headache ... i complain alot dont i ? 
hahaha im watchin the episode of spongebob where he has flees hahaha ohhh i love spongebob 
GAAAA i cant wait for jersey shore !!! 
im ready to be a ninja ! 
gaaaaa i ate too much spagetti(did i spell that right ? ) and pretty little lyars tommorrow :) 
GA ! i feel like poop 
snowday sounds really good right now :) 
like my status and ill write a color that describes you :))) 
keep the snow comin ! 
How in the world do you get a bluray player to show up on the tv we can hear it but not see it darn technology ? 
Boo i have a sinking feeling that we are gonna have school tommorrow :'( 
Ugggg i really dont feel like going to school 
GA ! i ate too much KFC hahaha i still dont know what i want my haircut to be ... i just might let the sylist do what ever she wants 
ga ! the vast majority of 7th graders on my bus are sooooo annoying 
what ??? my zodiac sign is now capricorn ?? 
Finnaly getting my hair cut tommorrow :) 
... i wonder how you say i need to study for the spanish midterm in spanish ... hmmm :( 
Hair cutt todayyyy :) wonder what it will look like ? 
Hmmm i now have bangs again .... they keep getting in my eyes hahahaa 
GOSH im addicted to robot unicorn attaack 
ice skating with dylanie :) 
i was suprised the spanish exam was easy ! 
dylanie < PROPFEMALE > shaw needs to get on oovoo\ 
uggg thank god for whoever created long weekends 
im having one of those days were you just want to sit on the couch all day in a snuggie and watch lord of the rings 
If you love me ; comment on this status\ 
If you think I'm good friend ; like this status\ 
If you ever had a crush on me ; poke me\ 
If you hate me ; message me && tell me why\ 
If your not scared post this as your status . :) 
WHAT ?!?!! VOLDEMORTS COMIN AFTER HARRY ?!?!?!?! hahah i smell a < PROPMALE > potter day today ... hahaha im a nerd :) 
GA ! its not good for me to stay up till 3 in the morning 
hmmmmm well i didnt get to watch < PROPMALE > potter yesterday :(( possibly today i will :) 
I am not doing my entire familys laundry for a week for work & fam there is no way in the world im touchin my dads underware ! 
GA ! i totalyy forgot !!! pretty little liars tonigt !!!!! 
Drama Drama Drama ! 
send me a number and ill make a status about you ! 
Dont you love it when your alarm wakes you up an hour early because i know i do :( 
24 :) you are sooooo funny and one of the nicest people i have ever met and i luvv ya !! 
123456789876543210 hahaha nice number hehe your one of my best friends and your are sooooo funny <3 ya 
hmmmm i <3 artificial cheese :))) 
8934270539765298365843651087774937567392349587777 ..... first off your lucky we are friends because i just wasted like 5 mins trying to type that number right but ohhhh well hahaha your freaking halarious and i wish you were in work and fam with me :(((( ohhhh well haha <3 yaa 
i have no clue why im still on here im realllyyyyy bored htc :) 
hmmm buming out today ? 
hmmmm im gonna read today ( gasp ) 
thank god for snowdays :) 
uggg i keep gettting on here for some reason ... why am i so bored ? htc 
OMG in northern ohio its 19 degrees and in southern ohio its 54 degrees ... WTF ?!?! 
Double snow day all the way across the state oh oh oh oh ohhhh double snowday ! ( what does this mean ? ) 
Heck why not .. Morgan thinks ? 
wow .... it feels weird getting ready for school :( 
hmm ... good day :) 
in case i missed someone thanks for all the birthday wishes :))) 
... just saw the biggest squirrle in the world ! 
ugggg im sooo tired 
my mom yelled at me for buying 7 rolls of colorful duck tape hahahaha 
GREEN AND YELLOW !!!!! 
GREEN AND YELLOW !!! :)))) 
psh get your own cheese its 
... perfume exploded in my purse :( 
hmm ... tacos for dinner :))) 
math makes me hope theres never a zombie apocolipse 
ga first perfume now lotion ... things need to stop exploding in my bag 
ugg i want to go back to sleep 
UGGGG i ate too much :P 
hmm oovoo me ? \ 
my dog is a vile creature 
bleh not feelong that great :P 
GA ! i was embarssed 
hmmm pretty little liars :) 
no school for me :( 
Broken cookie ? hahaha i love subway 
my mom says im getting my hopes up ? whatever 
i had to wait like 2 and1/2 hours for a physical ! GA 
GA ! i love this weather !! 
Oh how i love waking up at 8:30 
hmm possibly doing nothing today ... i dont know yet ... < PROPFEMALE > htc :) 
GA !!! I shouldnt read sad books at 3 in the morning .... it makes me cry :( 
strike zone with Makayla < PROPFEMALE > Tatarko and < PROPFEMALE > Thompson :)) fun fun 
ga i feel so sore and out of shape ... i dont enjoy this :P 
i enjoy getting back into the swing of things :) 
my arms and legs are gonna fall off 
my oh my im suprised i still have legs ! 
WHATTTTT ?!?!?! im not sore ???? something MUST be wrong ! 
why do i have to wake up to my cat meowing outside my bedroom door ? 
my foot hurts ... i wonder why ? 
hmmmm thank goodness for a 2 hour delay tommorrow ! 
i <3 2 hour delays :) 
ga ! i got a < PROPFEMALE > gnome from joannes !!! 
yummmm bowl noodles :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ohhh nooo zhere are pochas in zee area hide youz elephants and zour lions !!!!!! 
Pshhh i can be mean ! 
Sleepover with Dylanie Shaw !!!! fun fun 
\winning\ " - < PROPFIRST > sheen hahaha " 
Omg hahaha my nook has internet on it !!!! 
i swear the weather in ohio is bipolar it rains one day and snows the next ! 
gaaaa pretty little liars tonight !!! 
pew pew pew ... yeah i just shot you with my space gun . 
GAAAAAA ! im soooo happy :DDDD 
gaaaa i <3 chedder cheese :) 
teen night tonight !! 
shopping this morning :))) 
is it just me or are there like 50 gazillion more adds on here ? 
theres a stuffed clown across from my bed and it wont stop starring at me ... i need to put it somewhere else D: 
packing clothes fro florida :))) 
Words cannot explain :( 
brothers in the hospital ... i feel useless ... long night . longer day . 
Thank you all for your kind words and prayers they are much appreciated . 
I've sat here for 15 minutes typing sentence after sentence and deleting them because they were not good enough . Nothing I say sounds good enough . You will be missed and forever in the hearts of those who loved you . This is what i came up with .... I love you and I miss you . 
school today then softball ... ready for a long day . 
yumm .. peeps <3 Dylanie Shaw 
poo no game today :( darn lightning 
darn it the adds on facebook are slowing down my computer sooo much wtf ! well anyways this is gonna be a long day so dont text . 
ga i should be in florida right now tanning by a pool or at sea world ... :( 
yummmm ... brownie in a mug :) 
my pinata ist coming along very well :/ 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Gebremariam today !! 
blehhhh im sick :P 
you know what sounds goodright now ... panera :)) 
GAAAA !!! why does no one want these coupon books ?!?!?!?! 
UGGGG ! so i was eating left over chinese food and youll never guess what was in it ?!?!?!?! A CHICKEN FEATHER !!!!!!!! EWWWW 
rain rain go away make the sun come back again 
i should be asleep right now :P 
lets hope our game for tommorrow doesnt get cancelled :D 
Game tonight at home :)) lets go panthers 
hmm good day :) game later lets beat reynoldsburg :) 
helping cut down a tree ? ( dont ask ) then hopefully back in time to go to the movies ! 
ive learned something today .... cutting down trees isnt fun :p 
insidious was the scariest movie ever created !!!! 
hmm today was a good day :)) 
you know what would be fun right now ? having a softball game ! wait ... it got canceled :(( I HATE RAIN ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Gebremariam and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pasicka if you ever leave that many posts on my wall again i will attack you :) 
softball game at 5:30 lets go pantherss ! 
haha i have to dress up again today ?!? blehhh 
yummm ... hot pocket :) game laterr 
hahaha ohhh my I'm not very bright am I ? 
finally finished cleaning my room :) its spotless . 
theres a song stuck in my head that makes me smile so now when ever i start thinking about it i start to smile to myself and i look kinda crazy :)) 
im < PROPFEMALE > tired 
right now im eating the ears of a giant chocolate < PROPFEMALE > :)) its gonna be a good day 
My moms watching BBC and theres a show on about how Americans are obbsessed with the < PROPMALE > family/wedding .... way to make Americans look like complete idiots . 
uggg i shouldnt eat anymore chocolate my stomach hurts ... but i will :) 
well poo . 
Ga only because these are all in my news feed ... like for an i must idmit :) 
hahahaha just convinced my mom that small lap giraffes are real ohhhh goodness i love ya momma 
yummmm subway :) 
Woah i saw a double rainbow !! I undertand why that guy was so excited . 
thank goodness this week is over !! 
softball game today at noonish thank goodness its gonna be a nice day today :) 
hanging with Dylanie Shaw today :)) yay ! 
laying on my couch watching < PROPMALE > potter :) i love the weekends 
rain rain go away , i'd like to play softball one day . 
< PROPMALE > hortons makes amazing chicken salad sandwiches .... who knew ? 
cookout today with the family :) 
happy mothers day momma even though you never check facebook :)) 
