fuck ya Dr Dre is on the new dr pepper commercial ! 

when the weird gets going the weird turns pro . 
So Phara Phawcett dies and goes to heaven . She walks into the gates and Saint < PROPFIRST > gives her one wish . She wishes that all the kids in the world would be safe . hours later < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dies of a heart attack . 
same old shit , different day , same old ways get me out of this place 
one for spirits two for the bloods father forgive me before i take these drugs ! 
Jellysickle sickness take another lick bitch ! 
where's your weed where's your paper see you later mother fucking riotmaker . 
ROCKSTAR MAYHEM MOHER FUCKERS !!! 
i'm getting a jeep thanks to Obama's Cash for Clunkers program . i hope they take my pos subaru 
they taken my whole life . there's nothing left to say . Strength of the world is on my shoulders , strength of the world is on my side . 
is dead 
is seeing the Crue and Godsmack tonight ! CRUE FEST ! and i broke my cell phone in a hissy fit . sorry to those who have been trying to get a hold of me . 
Cruefest was fucking sick as fuck 
is going to work in a bit . Fuck my life 
i don't wanna be < PROPMALE > gates , i wanna be the guy that < PROPMALE > gates hates 
The killa clowns in your town raising all hell , And it ain't no clause that say fraud ain't no tall tales . imma tell teccan9ne 
it's fry day and i don't mean fast food , lol . 
gotta work to make that money . 
last night was dope but tonight is gonna be even better . 
people of the stars , i hope to never find , we are just mortal souls left to die 
lame day 
i ain't trying to be < PROPMALE > gates , i wanna be the nigger < PROPMALE > gates hates , make no mistake about it . 
i ain't trying to be < PROPMALE > gates , i wanna be the nigga < PROPMALE > gates hates , make no mistake about it . 
is listening to Dr Dre's Bang Bang 
got a blue pit bull from the pound today . he's super sick and chill . 
going to the school , wants a Seirra < PROPFEMALE > Pale Ale .. 
Can't wait until the new year . Ive learned that if life sucks then you must suck . You get what you put in even if it takes a while to get back to you . Keep on truckin ' . Happy new years eve , get crunk in this mother fucker ! 
It is a lazy Sunday . Maybe I might go for a quick hike before work . 
Getting my exhaust fixed on the Subaru , finding other things that I need to fix and /or upgrade . 
When the weird gets going the weird turns pro-HST 
Is gunning it toward the green light . 
Skatin , i hope i get that Chipotle job in VG 
twenty one . two days . Vegas is gonna be dope and got my Subaru's clutch cable . 
One of God's own prototypes . A high-powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production . Too weird to live , and too rare to die . -Raoul Duke 
Got my new phone finally but I lost all contacts , text me your name and number . 
My car sucks . 
The dope fiend can't get any sleep 
Got the HTC Hero so I have a legit phone but my subaru is gonna be down for a couple days . 
One year , fifty pounds , fuck you obesity 
Wake up , go to work , fix the subaru . Blah 
Politics is the < PROPMALE > of controlling your environment . hst 
Got How Low-Ludacris stuck in my head , rap is getting an \electronica\ " make over to make it more addictive than it ever before . " 
Getting off work at last , fixed my clutch on the subaru , get my hilly hair cut then maybe some skating down in chino . 
Yesterday I saw this chick , now looking like shit , something from a bad acid trip that just crawled out of a ditch . Meth destroys all girls and boys 
Got everything done today but skating down in chino , I'll just skate there Sunday morning/afternoon . 
Party tonight and beginning to write a book . What have I gotten into ... 
< PROPFEMALE > beach tomorrow . 
Lying in the sand soaking in the sun , < PROPFEMALE > then Hunnington now . Good weekend for once not doing the same stupid shit for once . 
Also Hash bars are legitimately also . 
Fucked up my clutch again but it another simple fix . Sunburn , food , beer and a head full of hash is a good time . Maybe a fat skatepark down in the chino area . 
Drinking whaler's with Orange juice and a dash of cranberry < PROPFEMALE > . So good lol , having a great day so far . 
Back to the grinding stone , sharpening the mind once more . 
Off work , about to skate down in chino , just need my dubstep ! 
Great skate session down at chino today , I get better and better each time I go . 
Off to work , ugh . 
My job sucks 
Finally of work . 
Read < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald's The Fiend . Good short story that was very well written with a twist . 
Got off work super early today , now what to do for the rest of the day ? Hit me up or text me . 
Listening to Sirius Area ( electronica station ) boredom follows suit too soon . 
Drive me away from the doldrums god damn it 
Can't wait until bar until bartending school on July . 
Cucamonga Creek mang 
The creek was fun and I am so sore from hiking . Up to some sort of mischief , hahaha . 
I'm up way to early for a Sunday . Crashing back to bed . 
Can't stop here , This is bat country ! 
Skating was a blast today 
Got Monday off , cleaning my room , blasting Bogore , maybe another skatepark trip later . 
Finished < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald's The Offshore Pirate , great short story , planning to reread his first novel This Side of Paradise . Look at what books are doing to me . 
Dropping diamonds in my eyes 
Makes the mind feel fine 
Feels like Armory < PROPMALE > at the end of This Side of Paradise . 
No work , doin house chores . 
So sore from hiking yesterday 
Coffin crew , lights out 
A 
Anyone down to skate chino today ? 
Today is gonna be a good day , no work , skating with Jerm and < PROPFIRST > and my car will be running by the end of the day , what else can I say mang . 
Great skate session this morning , trying to do something tomorrow night . 
Hell yes for Friday , got the subaru working again , woo woo . 
Off of work , finished Dice , Brass Knuckles and Guitar by F . < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald , my favorite short story by far . 
Watching Dr. Oz while doing nothing about your weight is like slamming Heroin to Sober House . 
Skated the pool at my moms house , the best I could . 
Ugh , lost my keys at < PROPMALE>'s house but thank god for spare keys and my longboard . 
Bed , so tired , I hope I get some hours this week . 
This weekend was good , even when the lady cop said < PROPMALE > smelled bad . \ 
\ 
\does he smell like garlic ? \ " \ 
On my way home from a short day at work , let's skate damn it . 
Sonic was good but is wrecking up my stomach . 
Streetlight Manifesto is a great band to start off the day . 
Off work and going to the beach , fuck degenerate rancho cucamonga . 
Also I just started < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald's The Beautiful and The Damned . 
The beach was awesome yesterday except when the other half of the party could find the < PROPFIRST > in the box off of Balboa and PCH , which was a block away from Newport 
Off of work , pay my insurance and maybe work on my writing skills some more . 
The look on BP chief executive < PROPFIRST > Hayward's face is priceless while the White House reveals the evidence of cutting corners while disregarding safety . 
Off work , gonna skate it up . Vegas next weekend and maybe a reunion of the weird fuckers of altar Lima . 
Even I'm watching the lakers play at second ave , I need an another drink ! 
Too close , finally got my drink . 
The only thing better than the epic win is a fucking riot ! Bahaha 
Morning skate drag around 9 or 10th , hit me up . 
Why do you have such a devious smile on your face skyler ? 
Got to do something tonight , I hope it all falls in place . 
I hope my air conditioning in the subaru is fixed today . 
My a/c works now , fuck yes . 
Damn you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for waking me before the crack of noon . 
Also everyone wish < PROPFIRST > a happy twenty first birthday when you see him . 
Hahaha mo fos 
Drink pledge Drink ! 
Got a Wu Tang remix Enter the Dubstep , also got Tech N9ne's Killer . 
Almost time to get back to reality . 
It is fucking hot as Hell today . 
Move ! 
Don't be cool , everybody move ! 
Is way tired , peace . 
I'm your worst fear , I'm your favorite , I'm your aquired taste will you savor it , if it's blood thirst will you run from it ? Can't leave cuz I'm inside you when 
Getting my tint done on the Subaru today , she got seat covers and a new air filter yesterday . 
Why are degenerate dad's act like doushebags ? 
Back to work finally , ugh , back to the grind . 
Recoup after a night of the Too Much Fun Club . 
Happy Fourth of July , don't blow your hands off too . 
Good day today , got my tint and sound system in my Subaru . 
Got an oil change and found out that I need new engine mounts and fix the disconnected hoses too . 
Work then god knows what . 
Is out to steal < PROPFIRST > the Psychic Octopus so I can keep him in my tank . God damn death threats to a sea creature , what the fuck ! 
It's Friday , so that means we need to party , at least the Too Much Fun Club . 
Cry your eyes out Facebook . 
In a bummer mode but that can be fixed . 
Haha ! 
Working till the afternoon . 
Got to finish the rough draft for Dreadful Times at the Diner . 
Lukewarm coffee and CNN , got work off today . 
Just found the sub level knob in my car , shit bumps for only being one ten . 
Wants to throw Motolv Cocktails into the Tea Party , then we kill all half of the political extremist that we don't need . 
Sushi then back to the dreaded heat 
When you were born it was a good day , the day you die it'll be a shame . 
Today has been dreadfully slow . 
Working with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > untill noonish . 
More work to do , Friday is gonna be so sick . 
A day of work today , maybe the beach tomorrow if they know what beach they are going too . 
< PROPFEMALE > tomorrow will be so much fun . 
Fuck the traffic that pours out of LA . I'm on the middle of this sick mess . 
< PROPFEMALE > Beach was too much fun yesterday . Memories that will be forever engraved in all of our brains . 
Fifty one bodies found in mass grave in Juarez , Mexico . Some fucked up shit mang . 
Off to work , got to make that cheddar , anyone down to go hiking in San Dimas Saturday ? 
Work , it is Friday finally , it us time to party in some shape or form . 
No work today due to the plant that has cause me lots of pain , Poison Oak . Grrr 
Hungover . Watching television deciding what to do untill later tonight . Maybe a quick hike into the mountains 
So many things on my mind it is hard to sleep right . 
Today will be okay . What can I say , Mondays are always this way . 
\ you degenerate pig\ " \ 
Plane crash in Phoenix , AZ . Way brutal week if you include the shooting that happened at a beverage factory somewhere . 
Facebookin , shower , then out of the house . Got to plan on moving out by September so I can get to do whatever at my pad . 
Might be getting a new car . T.G.I.F. 
What to do tonight , so much to strive for . Delight . To my surprise . 
Got distracted by scrubs and burnt my man in a raft . Had to make two new ones . 
Tragedy strikes in the hearts of the willing . No sympathy for wounds that are self inflicted . 
Got to work to make that cheddar . Move out , get back into school by spring , get a newer car . 
Tragedy affects those who let it affect them . No sympathy for wounds that are self inflicted . Fuck it ad long as the heart keeps tickin ' . 
Decent Monday , except my Subaru is dead at the moment . 
Working out in Orange today . I am glad that I am a go getter instead of a for sure quitter . 
Off work , car is down at the moment . fuck it , let's get blunted . 
Nothing is better than getting paid to read and sleep ... can not wait for the weekend . 
Off work finally , got to fix my car then chillin . 
Up early , off to Orange for the day . 
Downtime at work has an upside which is wasting time but it is also a downside too . 
Gotta fix my alternator today , be kicking it where the road takes me today . 
Chilling , got Monday off 
Some crazy bitch drowned two kids in her car in Orangeburg , South < PROPFEMALE > . Car was submerged and mom said she was financially unfit to take care of the kids . It's called a < PROPMALE > home god damn it ! 
Fuck you indecent faggots who can't even support your own habit . When people like you go into the real world of bills , working and being able to live on your own , things you will never see until you start making and getting your own green . Fuck parasites , at least vultures clean up rotting messes . End rant . 
Blah . 
Stone broke , maybe the creek , and . Cleaning out my new room . 
Everybody move ! 
The bar was better than nothing , good beer and better friends . 
Wah Wah Wah Wah woop Wah Wah woop woop woop woop . 
Decent weekend . Kicked it with the homies . Living and in death . R.I.P. < PROPMALE > . 
Chilling out front of autozone , my car needs to be fixed soon . 
Don't be cool , everybody MOVE ! 
Also I am kinda starting to dig MGMT a bit . 
Doldrums at the park . 
Got a better place to stay . Fuck yes for me . 
At work being a lazy ass nig . Fuck this terrible heat mang . 
Work in Orange today ... great . 
Fuck ya'll , peace . 
Kicking back . 
Hooks , booze and a good night . 
Needs a reliable car and a decent girl . Grrrr 
Just another freak in the freak kingdom . 
Shower then out of the new place . Peace ! 
Is at the court house for jury duty . Cafe Justice should be renamed The Cafe of Justice . Fuck yes . 
Might test ride a Chevy < PROPFEMALE > 92 police intercepter . Too down 
Restless as Hell , boring day today 
Bleeding hearts glow in the dark . We should confess that this place is a fucking mess . 
Working out in Beaumont , fuck the heat . 
Blah , fuck work . 
With this curse wrappedd my neck , I'm the captain of my own shipwrecks , call on god but row away from the rocks , ride her down till she sinks , we'll be taken down to the depths of the sea . 
Captain of my very own ship dubbed the S.S. Narcassis . 
Bowling in upland , 
Spacing out into the bright blue abyss 
Drinking all day , fuck yes I am . 
Finally getting my subaru back on the road . 
Fuck ya'll , I'm going back to bed . 
Chilling . Today was rad , had a bbq . Damn Tuesdays . 
Out on the town , doing what i do best . Then crashing for a day of work . 
Off to work in a bit . Now just drinking coffee outside in the cool morning air . Gotta wake the fuck up . 
Just talked about beer for a half an hour . back to work . 
Off of work , getting my Subaru worked on by my cousin Vinny . Who knows what is going down when the sun sets . PEACE IT ! 
A massive cup of coffee and the will to work . 
Down to the junkyard to hunt down a pair of rotors for the Subaru , fuck you out dated parts . 
Phone has been dead all day , will return missed calls when fully charged . 
Pomona < PROPMALE > walk . Drinking it up downtown . 
Gonna finish the brakes with < PROPMALE > today . Now coffee and a bomb ass American breakfast . 
Some may never live but the crazy never die . 
No work .. again . What to do today . 
Off to fix my seatbelt , insure my car again . Can not wait to drive and not bum rides from the homies , lol . 
Opted out on fixing my seat belt till tomorrow . What to do for the rest of the day ..... any ideas ? 
Coffee and vitamins . Off to work in claremont . 
Everyone read my short story . 
Getting my car back on the road today . Fucking finally . 
Off to work in the Claremont Swamp . The subaru will be mostly legal today too . 
Just waiting . 
Today is my Friday ! Let's do something beside tbe same old , same old shit time again . 
What to do tonight , god damn it , maybe a pitcher at a bar of some sort . 
http://www.colbertnation.com/full-episodes/thu-september-16-2010-lawrence-o-donnell?xrs=synd_facebook 
Tons of shit to do today . Got to get that done so we can do what we do best . 
Phone's for you , I think it's the devil . 
Has to buy his medication though street dealers again . At least it's not illegal if my dealer has their card ;) . I love medical marijuana . 
Working to pay those bills . too broke to even drive . 
On break . I want lunch though . 
Live Fat , Die Young . 
Finds it is funny when someone gets mad that no one wants To < PROPFEMALE > out even though they never call anyone and if they do it is only because you are of some fiancIal gain . Then they still wonder why no one wants to kick it . Real people never c < PROPFEMALE > e . What are everyone's view on this ? 
Off of work , had some bombass Patties Mexican Food , now gotta clean up for the rest of the day . 
Would you be upset if I told you we were dying , every pill they gave us was a lie .... it's not my fault ! 
Kicking back to < PROPFEMALE > Castles- Magic Spells . Today better be radtastic . 
Off into the depths of the stars . 
Good Night and Godspeed . 
Last Night was legitimately chill . No kiddie antics , Old friends ( < PROPFEMALE > and Devlar ) , beer pong and even better memories . 
Hotter than Hell out . God damn it . 
WU tang dubstep and the right medication . 
Doing work ! 
Shower then out amonst the smog bowl . 
also smoking the last blunt i am gonna smoke in a long time . 
Another day in the shark tank . 
No work . Today or tomorrow . Deans ? 
Feels like hacking up a poor defenseless grapefruit . 
Bored out of my mind and now back here . Grrr 
Kicking it with Jerm < PROPMALE > and his lady < PROPFIRST > at Round Table Pizza . 
Crashing like a , derailed train . Day one of no weed going good . 
Up early , going hiking with Dr. Doome , Arad , and < PROPMALE > up in Mt . Baldy . 
Got back from hiking . Now we be sipping on coffee . 
So damn hot . Pressing forward so I don't end up Nowhere . Day two of not blazing . 
Where were you when the fun stopped ? 
Get Crunk . wake up for work bitch . 
Ripping you up and spitting you out . Drama . Can't escape it but no one can face it , so basic . So of you mother fuckers are just tasteless . 
Kicking it with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . what will today bring , day three wuthout blazing trees . 
Enjoying life more than most . 
Tonight was chill as Hell . Haha nice oxymoron , lol . 
You make mama so proud but your voice is too loud . 
Time flies when you are not always high . 
Build me up , tear me down like a skyscraper . 
Got the day ahead of me , getting insurance for my car , grab some zza and the get wasted as fuck at the casino . 
So burnt . 
At the casino about to buy the first if many drinks tonight . Happy twenty first birthday < PROPFIRST > Hollett . 
So bored . 
My car is the biggest peice of shit . fucking degenerate machine cant even hold a charge . fuck that scum bag who gave me that curse . four thousand dollars down the drain . 
Out of Rancho for a bit ... untill or if something goes down . 
Feels like a drug addict at Sunday school . 
The Sabbath , time to get wasted ! 
Who's down to hit up the LA fair at five o clock ? 
I feel so fucking drained ..... blah . 
Working to live 
Swisher and coffee , fuck yes . 
somebody's got a case of the Mondays . \ 
what the fuck .... 
Westboro Church sucks ass , if you don't know who they are , look them up on YouTube or CNN . 
Sheep get the slaughterhouse while wolves feast on the flesh of the weak 
im just a terror , make no error i gotta repair , this , i will admit . 
Just waiting for some cash flow , being a lazy nig . 
Bitches who burn bridges always stink of gasoline . 
Just ate some bomb ass Pizza from Bulldog's Pizza . Now just illin waiting for the day to take flight . 
nap time . i got the itis . 
I want to do something but the will is weak . 
Looking for something new to do tonight . Let's go and fuck shit up . 
fuck it , i am going to get trashed 
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . Dr < PROPMALE > 
Skated to pick up my car . Needs a change to boring ways . 
Where's my money ? 
just woke up from a nap and i feel super stoned .... I haven't smoked weed in a week and a half ! 
also planning out the night . got to get the fuck out and take flight ! 
Don't be so damn cool , act a fool\ 
Let's go koo koo jump get loose when in the party everybody move , move\ 
don't be kool everybody move , everybody move , everybody move ! 
Last night was badass , kicked it with some old and new friends I havent seen in a bit . 
Kicking back thinking about a ton of shit . I might smoke a blunt ending two weeks of my weed vacation . 
Off to work for the cheddar . I love how I am making MY LIFE better . 
Coffee and < PROPMALE > S . Thompson . Good morning . 
Fuck yes . I'm going skating and haven't been forever . Beats the typical boring bullshit of the Shark Tank that no one wants to be a part of . For good reason too . 
please excuse my enemies for the things they do not know . 
15 minutes to skate chino . Fuck yes . 
Fuck ya . Ten runs in at chino . We Skated our hearts out . Good work . Can't wait until next time . Need more endorphins ! 
Is no longer living at my grandparents . legit . 
Sore back . What the fuck . Got to get this taken care of . 
Almost done setting up my new room . U just need my mini fridge , a light and some speaker wire . Maybe a tall boy to celebrate . 
The emergency room sucks ass . People screaming in pain and the nurses are indifferent to the voices . Fuck . I would be the same way if it was around me everyday . bad memories though . 
Sleep ... 
Another night in the shark tank . Thanks to everyone who kept me up till four in the morning . I missed work because of you drunk assholes 
Party ! Fuck it let's rage . 
Coffee and a cool crisp morning at the pad . I love saturday mornings . 
waiting for the night to start . 
Cabin fever . 
Coffee keeps me alert , even after seven cups 
Last night was awesome , except for the typical heart throb bull shit , nevertheless it was bitchin ' . 
Dubstep makes me feel like a broken down grimey robot . 
re doing an old story . fun . 
Off to work . God damn it I need my boots ... 
Off of work . Now got the day ahead of me . 
Those who do not scatter the morning dew will not comb gray hairs . < PROPMALE > S . Thompson . 
Clouds over Califorina . 
pain is just the process to a greater gain . 
gonna try to get out of the house for the night , Hit me up if you want to do something . 
Not you're upset because you finally got the notion \ 
That everything you had is spinning down the drain \ 
Oh ! Do you mean it when you beg and pray and plead ? \ 
Your \Giveittomegiveittomegiveittomegiveittome all those things we need\ " \ 
At the Klatch getting ready for the night . Jellysickle sickness , 
What to do tonight ..... fuck it I will find something . 
i wish some one would put a < PROPMALE > in my ass ! 
Oh shit . TMZ hacked my profile . Revenge is his . Out on the town . PEACE ! 
I guess some things change , for better or worst . All we got to do is embrace it or get dragged down\ 
. 
Feeling awesome today , can't wait to see where the road takes me . 
Can't wait until tomorrow . Get a correction on my ticket , research college loans and maybe a skatepark session too . 
AH ! I need a new group of friends ! Not that I don't like my old ones but some new faces would be nice . 
Can't wait untill this weekend . I am going to fuck some shit up ... well at least my liver . 
FUCK YA'LL! I'm Out . 
Off to work with my grumpy ass dad . At least after wards will be fun . 
Bored as fuck at the coffee klatch . Poor me 
Almost done with work . Can't wait untill later today . 
I'm deciding between Rush Limbaugh or the Devil for halloween . \ 
What do you fools think I should be ? 
The daily grind . Anyone down to skate chino tonight ? Night sess . 
This weekend might be the end of me . At least Im going to at least have fun . 
I could sleep in but I need the money . Welcome to real life bitch ! 
Off the radar . 
Too trashed for my own damn good . Thank you spell check , without you . all my words would be misspelled garbage . 
Awful Jackass . 
Get drunk in this mother fucker . 
The decision to flee came suddenly . 
Woke up late . now off to make rent . 
Just voted . God I am an awful jackass . 
Am I the only one who wrote in non-politcal names on the ballot ? I hope not . I voted < PROPFIRST > Depp for Governer and just wrote in a bunch of names of celebrities . i'm not going to take voting as a serious matter if our government is ran by a bunch of nut jobs . I voted for the props seriously but that is it . < PROPFIRST > Brown or < PROPFEMALE > Witman ? Fuck , more like a choice between a giant doushebag and a turd sandwich . 
Welcome to Hell aka California . 
Living it up and tearing it down . Hell will reign down on this town . 
Tough times reveal who your real friends are . The ones who are down for a hellish ride to the end . The ones who got your back even when your fighting a lost cause . The ones that even if you became the Devil himself , they would still drink beer with you . 
Fuck work . Why can't it rain after 3 ... god damn . 
Mt . Baldy was fucking awesome yesterday . Gotta go again . 
Cold as the cold wind blows with snow twenty low . 
Got done off roading Cleghorn Trail . It was chill but also not too sketchy . I might just take my subaru up there one day . 
Who is down to plan out a Vegas trip ? I haven't been after I turned twenty one . Let's do this . 
Fuck . I got a case of the mondays . 
Some may never live but the crazy never die . < PROPMALE > S . Thompson 
Shut your mouth when your talking to me !!!! 
What a nice day it is today . Maybe a hike at the top of day creek might be in order . Maybe I should get to working on my writing again . 
Finally I am feeling content with my life . Sure the more fun I have the better but I got the basics at least . Just chilling tonight . 
Thug . Never having to say your sorry . \ 
I thought that was love ? 
Falling asleep to The Black Daliah Murder . Fuck yes . 
Saw some old homies at the Capri Lounge . Debating what to do next . 
Some doushebag Beaner just rear ended < PROPFIRST>'s Buick . So much for the coffee I just purchased , at least my white sweater got most of it . >:o 
I'm so sick that I got ambulances following me and shit . 
Working to make things better . At least I'm moving forward . 
Hooka makes me tired sometimes .... 
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car ; but if he has a university education , he may steal the whole railroad . \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
If loose lips sink ships then this place would look like < PROPFEMALE > Harbor , mother fuckers . 
I am thankful for the medical smoke because without you , today would be impossible without you . Also the < PROPFEMALE > Artios was good with the turkey . Good god , I need some coffee . 
Tired but the soul is willing to do something . 
Off to help one of my Dads friends move . 
I came up today . Just on stuff for cleaning up the house and such . 
Out on the lookout for a second job . Got to make that second income . So I can go out and have fun and not kill all my funds . 
Great now I'm some fucking errand boy . All I want to do is get this bullshit done . 
I want a penis in my mouth . :D 
Waiting for my zza to finish cooking . Then I am out of my house like < PROPMALE > Hardy is out of style . Thank the gods for that . Also fuck angry birds . 
I love instant < PROPFEMALE > . I'm pulling onto haven and some ass in his tbird is hauling ass and serves around me to get in front of me on the freeway . The light turns green . He starts to drift that peice of shit and almost crashes into the curb . I am laughing so hard i am banging my hands on the steering wheel like a ape . He flips me off as we merge on the freeway . Awful jackass but I got the last laught >=D . 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
Drum and Bass makes Dubstep look like trash . Dubstep is dead . 
Just watched a party get murked on by R.C.P.D. That was fun while it lasted . 
Baldy was badass today , got mad hours this week too . 
It is fucking freezing ! 
Nothing is terrible except fear itself . 
It is so wonderful outside today , I'm glad to have a job outside sometimes . 
Today has been a good besides the fact that my subies can't turn off ... properly . 
Do work son ! 
Sick . Fuck this bullshit . 
Now that I puked , I feel so much better now . 
Fuck this cold . A fatty bowl of pho or Wonton soup sounds so good right now . 
So I lost ten pounds in a week . Fuck being sick but I guess losing weight is never a bad thing , unless your a twig . 
I'm out of this place like < PROPMALE > Hardy is outta style . 
So I need to get away for a while . Some sort of paradise sounds oh so nice . Let's bail on this bullshit and open up the sails . 
Off roading today was badass . Now what to go off and do . 
How I love Sundays . Can't wait until I get back to the grind . 
On the lookout for a second job . Fuck it , let's do this . 
A go getter beats a for sure quitter , notice that I'm not swimming in a sewer . Such a nice picture of the future . 
I just want my buick to be on the road again .... fuck you Timing Chain Tensioner and Gm for not releasing the part infomation . Now I got to hit up the dealerships . 
Oh my god it is fucking freezing right now . 
Lazy ass day . Just coasting on Thursday night . 
Last night was awesome . Some black dude told me that the face on the dethklok shirt had an inverted pentagram in it . Shit got real deep . Keggars with random people are fun as fuck . 
What do all of you think of the New World Order ? The information I have seen is fucking crazy . Elite eats the weak ? Any one got any opinions about this ? 
Mobbing up to baldy for a bit and working Sunday morning . At least I'm getting paid for it . 
This weekend has been too good to me . Keggar Friday , Mobbing up in Baldy then coming home to a kick back Saturday and now going up to Cleghorn to go off roading . The only downside has been nor being able to drink last night and waking up early on a Sunday morning to work in the rain but that is over with . I'm out of mess we call a place , lol . 
Fuck Monday . Fuck the rain . That is all I have to say . 
My hands feel like popsicles . 
Lunch time at Wolves market ! So bomb . 
Here comes another storm . Can't wait until I got off roading again in the rain . I need to get back to writing again . Finally refreshed my creativity and shit . 
A fat cup of coffee and a good out look is what I need to get though the week . 
Also thanks to every one who was at my house last night for being quite and respecting the fact that I have work . Thank you guys . 
Mud mobbing at Cleghorn again , burrrap ! 
When people say they are full of the holiday spirit I think they are just full of liquor . 
Having an awesome Christmas and having fun being the only sober adult here . Good thong I'll be changing that soon , hahaha . 
Christmas was way too dope this year . Got a new bass guitar , a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > gift set , spending time with my Mom and Dad , drinking with friends , and making beats on my our dated drum machine . 
Off of work , getting some lunch and then off for training at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Ice Cream shop at < PROPFEMALE > Gardens . Can't wait until new years . 
First day at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s , so bomb that I got to taste test every flavor . 
I'm out of this dump ! 
New job at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s is too Legit . 
Scotch , scotch , scotch , I love scotch . 
Wow , it is already New Years < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . 
Fuck the rain . Can't work . Can't skate . Just go the fuck away ! 
Fuck it , I'll brave the rain . Got to work so I don't live the life of a house cat . 
No more parties at Dave/Jessi/Chris/my house . We are tired of the disrespect shown to the house by everyone . No one cleans up their mess , no one respects the fact that we have jobs to go to in the morning . So we decided no more parties here . Don't like it , kick rocks . 
Such a nice day today , I hope it is busy at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s today . 
And I'm out on my lunch break with my dads f 150 . uh son . 
Hell yes , just checked out The Great Gatsby from the libary , good thing there is one across the way from my work . 
Oh ya some of you should stop by and I give you ten percent off . 
I don't want the fast quota , I want that slow nickel . Every thing I got I worked for so quit hating on me nigga ! E 40 Jellysickle . 
In and Out is packed as a mofo . 
Can't wait until my beast of a station wagon is finally fixed up . Just waiting on my wire set and carb rebuild < PROPFEMALE > . 
Off of my first job , lunch and then got to get ready for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s . Can't wait till pay day mang . 
Come on down to < PROPMALE > and Jerrys ! Ten percent off bitches . 
Bitches that burn bridges tend to reek of gasoline . Then they wonder why no one wants to be around their stupid ass . 
Also I am getting rid of people on my life that o don't like . Especially those with emotional vampiric tendencies also known as pieces shit . 
Gonna be driving the brave little toaster lol . 
Lucid intervals and happy pauses . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald . 
The snow was awesome except for the fact that California drivers can't drive down the mountain . It's called using your fucking low gears instead of glazing your brakes ! Can't wait until < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s picks up so I get crazy hours to go and fuck shit up . 
Working on my car . I love the fact I am moving forward instead on staying in the same rut or falling backwards . Got to love progress , yep :) . 
Work all day today . Got to love making that cheddar . Work during the week to party on the Weekends . 
Sushi is so bomb , what a great lunch . 
Got the rest of the day to kick it . Once I fix my timing and clean myself up . 
You dream of trading places . I have been changing faces . You cannot fill these shoes . You have too much to lose . Wake up behind these trenches . You run around defenseless . You have too much to lose . You cannot fill these shoes . I just what to be famous . But be careful what you wish for . 
Kings Cup ! 
Yeah son , doing work and paying off rents and depts . 
Only got the day job today . 
So i just spent hours on my sound system in my car , fixing the Level knob for my amp . It only took seconds to fix it . Now my subie subs got that bass thump again . 
I'm screaming attack like I stepped on one ! 
Is making a Vermonster tonight at my work . Yes the beastly ass twenty scoop Sundae . 
So nice outside today . 
So I fixed my sub but now i don't even have a control knob so it's at full power all the time . Even if I turn the bass on my EQ to -7 it still shakes the hairs on the back of my neck . Fuck it . I got some Sneaky Badness too , Nice . 
Crashing like a train . 
Yep . Coffee and classical music . 
It's time to Par-lay ! 
' illing , breakfast then work till seven . 
Volcano madness and then beer pong at the homies house . 
Too chill last night . Working most of the day . Got to love getting mad hours because I'm rad . 
Jersey Shore is living proof that our generation is doomed . Poor souls . 
About to do some house work . 
Work was Legit today . My boss and manager like how well I have been improving . :D 
Screaming attack like I just stepped on one ! 
Needs a new day job . 
Fawk ! My left brake is spraying brake fluid all in my wheel well . Now its time to drop my pay checks for a new braking system . Bigger rotors and better pads . 
Fatboy rapes fools at beer pong . Might as well try to defeat the wretched beast . 
Got work in ten minutes this is going to be a fun mob down the two ten . 
Off of work . Let's party my friends . 
Fuck yeah I am addict ! I'm addicted to success ! 
All Chaffey College Cats ! I'm working the pizza booth today on the east side . Five dollar meal deals with mini pizza , choice of cinnamon sticks or cheese sticks 
So while slinging out pizza at Chaffey College this dude told me I remind him of < PROPMALE > Rogan .... nice . 
My fuel pump is dripping gasoline onto my catalytic converter which means my car could of caught on fire . It would of been a barbecue in my Subaru if my cousin < PROPMALE > didn't look at my car today . Fucking scary ass shit . 
Today went from a lazy ass day to productive as fuck type of day . Got called into work too . 
off of work . what to do now .... 
God damn it . I need to make that money . 
My boss aka dad is a stupid < PROPMALE > . 
Anyone who is down to pick me up from work at < PROPFEMALE > Gardens at Nine o Clock gets a bomb ass Milkshake . Hit me up here or on the cell . 
Now the hunt for a fuel pump begins . 
Work extra early at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s this morning . At least I can make a bomb ass smoothie for breakfast . 
This weekend is going to be too much fun . Parties three days in a row , holy shit . 
Man . I hope tonight goes as planned . My last friday party at < PROPMALE>'s house because I am moving out . 
I hope everyone had as much fun as I did . I went from being toasty to crunk for once so I had a blast . We got to throw parties like this more ! 
The sky is the limit :D . 
The last twenty four hours have been the best hours of this year . Got tipsy last night at the party last night , went off roading today before work . Now party . 
I need a car so bad right now . At least I got my legs and a skateboard . 
God damn ! The wind is shaking the house . I hope I can get some hours in tomorrow ... 
The new Facebook Mobile sucks . 
Waiting until I get called into work today . Fuck it I'm taking a nap . 
God damn Rusko is pumping some sick ass shit lately . I wish my subaru was running so I could listen to my sound system . 
Hellyeah ! Nothing better than a party after a busy ass day at work . My life is getting better every weekend . 
The best Saturday nights end on Sunday morning . Props to the party people ! 
Fuck yeah , I'm getting my fly ass Spy glasses back in a couple weeks . Thank god for lifetime warranty my niggas ! 
Also just got me some new kicks , the same DVS revivals but this time all white . Don't step on my shoes nigga ! 
Almost done with the errands for the day then just doing what I do best . 
Awwww fuck the rain ! 
MORTAL KOMBAT ! 
I don't want to go to work today ..... w/e I just need a Five hour engery . 
Life doesn't suck . If your life sucks then you suck not life . Go out and become a better person instead of being a whiney little cunt . Grow up ! 
Fuck . Crystal Castles is sold out . Should of gotten my tickets sooner . 
Ahhh . Work and then hopefully some beer pong after work . Can't wait to try The Americone Dream at the shop today . 
Good god Bros are still the Scum of the earth . Good thing shallow < PROPFIRST > pools and huffing gasoline will keep making them stupid as the dirt they ride on . 
Thinking about going on a cruise on the longboard to my dads house . 
Anyone know of a good place to get an engine swap done ? 
I lied about longboarding to my dads , I went to double play and then I'm going to skate to work . 
Debating on setting < PROPFIRST > Zamora's house in flames .... 
Fuck it is cold as fuck this morning . 
So I've been working at Mick Jaggers former house across the street from < PROPMALE > Presely's house . 
Almost off of work tonight . Just going to keep it classy for the time being . 
What ! The documentary ' Exit Though the Gift Shop ' is up for a < PROPFIRST > ... too bad Mr. Brainwash is the one who is picking up the < PROPFIRST > . Good movie . 
I DON'T GIVE A FUCK WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ME , STOP POSTING STUPID ASS TRUTH APP QUESTIONS ON MY WALL ! Fucking shit is for self loathing bitches anyways . 
Off to a late start today . 
is in need of a large sum of cash . 
Needs a laptop so I can get creative as fuck . Damn it . 
Is glad his cousin is finally out of jail , he wouldn't of been in there in the first place thanks to a dumb cunt but that stupid bitch will get what is coming 
Hellyeah , today is payday . Too bad I need to save every dime I can ... 
God damn it is chilly today . You should stop by my work today . yes . you . 
California Love ... 
Offroading again today . Hitting up Cleghorn for a warm up run then some other trails . Lots of mud equals gangs of fun . 
Blah :P 
Black Sheep is on the television . Just waiting for < PROPFEMALE > coffee . Then I am < PROPFEMALE > king a bomb ass breakfast . 
Such a nice day today , got to get out once I take a shower . 
What ! < PROPFIRST > Sheen passed a drug test , I call bullshit ! Real niggas never change . 
Off to work , woke up late and needs a massive amount of coffee . 
Doesn't want to work today ... 
Going to get my fuel pump !!!! Fawk yes . 
Fuck . I just want to drive the Subaru ... I miss my car ... 
If you want something done on time you just got to do it yourself . 
Such a great day out today , Offroading with < PROPFIRST > , work then party . I love that Im not cooped up inside like a house cat . Motivation . 
Ugh I think I'm just going to my Subaru to the shop instead of waiting for ever . 
I'm the captain of my own ship hence why I dubbed this bitch the S.S. Narcissus . 
Slinging pizza at Chaffey today . I'm here in the quad mother fucka roll though cuz < PROPFIRST > and I are here till two . 
Off is work about to relax and put my feet up . 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen is the man . Upon getting fired yesterday he stood on a roof in < PROPFEMALE > Hills with a machete screaming I'm Free ! Gotta love that nigga . 
So my car is still backfiring like a mother fucker . At least it is fun skating everywhere . 
Off of work finally . I should hit up the yard house sometime soon . It is literally thirty seconds away from my place od employment . 
Lucid intervals and happy pauses . F . < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald 
Today is a good day . Getting my Subaru looked at in the afternoon , work in a minute and I got the afternoon to myself . Maybe I might make an attempt to skate . 
She's back . 
Got my car back on the road , today is a good day . 
Damn . All of the lines are blocked overseas to Japan . I hope my Japanese relatives are okay ... 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen can snort a gang of cocaine , he can do enough to kill Two and a half men ! 
Brunch and Miramosas . Fuck yeah . 
Anyone down to go to Five Guys Burgers at two ish ? Hit me up on here or my phone . 
Dub shifts tomorrow . Can wait until Tuesday . 
Waiting to sell off the rest of these mini pizzas at Chaffey College . 
Thinking . 
Rise and shine bitches . 
Any morning jobs that are hiring out there ? 
What about Libya ? 
Off to work . Then to kick it with the homies then work again . I love that I have a job . 
Off of work , about to grab some lunch , kick it then off to the scoop shop . 
Lucid intervals and happy pauses , F . < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald . I want this quote tattooed on me . 
Out of < PROPMALE > and Jerrys , watching For Rebellion jam at Jerms house . Biggest bunch of Scum Bastards to walk the streets of rancho cucamonga . 
St. Patricks day is the day that degenerate drunks look forward to most . Then again most of them are < PROPFEMALE > so I guess it is expected . 
I just want to go skating instead of working this morning . Fawk ! 
Fuck it . I will do both . 
Riverside , too bad I am D . D .... 
Drinking coffee , watchung shit POP off in Libya , then off roading . I can't wait untill I get some new shocks ... 
Fuck . It is cold as fuck out today . If it wasnt wet , I would be at chino skatepark . 
Anyone down to hit up the anenberg Warehouse sale with me ? 
The Anenberg Warehouse sale was sick as fuck . Got stickers , two new shirts and a trucker hat for twenty bucks . I'm glad I've been rocking their shirts for three years . 
Fuck . I got dub shifts two days in a row . Dub days on the dub shifts ? I'm not making any sense , lol . Lights Out ! 
No dub shifts today thanks to the rain . Got to get a new day job before I quit my old one . 
Fucking mission mode from the moment I started work to now . Well done . 
A cup of coffee to start out double shifts today .... still owe rent , Fawk . 
So many thoughts run in my mind . Life , Death , Failure , and Success are all the ones at fault . 
Wake the fuck up scumbags ! 
Slinging pizza in the student store quad . At Chaffey my nigs around three I'll quit this shit . 
Good day today . Can't wait untill tomorrow . 
Drinking coffee , watching CNN , then work .... hopefully I will be in school soon . 
I hate my morning job so much I rather be in college full time . Summer school , part the seas for me . 
Just drank up two glasses of milk .... needs sleep ..... Fawk . 
Fuck 
Lucid intervals and happy pauses . 
Fuck , I got to switch to Boss Mode to survive today , so I can party tonight ! 
Ten hours today . Handled like a boss . Who wants to kick it . 
Thanks for all is the birthday wishes niggas ! 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes homies . Now it is time for coffee and then work . 
Almost off of work , break then work again . Finally getting mad hours again . 
Oh these changing tides of life , so fine so divine . 
I should of gone skating today but I did nothing instead . It's always good to relax and kick back for a moment . 
God damn it , things are getting repetitive again . Got to introduce some more chaos in my life . 
Off of work so it is time to throw up the sails and let the trade winds guide me . 
Who wants to go skate up Chino Skatepark at 6 or seven-ish in the evening ? 
Shut the cluck up ! 
Yeah you can say I am like a < PROPMALE > bear , just stuffed with cotton fluff and ten gauge hypodermic needles . I do need a hug , Bahahaha . 
God how cocaine makes even the most likable people into degenerate peices of shit . Good thing I don't deeds to dead stock if you know what I mean . 
So out of it today . 
So today is my only day off untill next Sunday . Any one down to share Chino skatepark around one ? 
The Subaru is full so if anyone else is down to skate up Chino skate park you'll have to meet me there . Shred Sundays ! 
Awesome skate session yesterday . Can't wait untill tomorrows morning session . 
Early morning skate session before Free Cone Day ... Fawk yes . 
Off of work , womp the fuck out of my sub then relaxing . Can't wait untill I go back to school . 
Mid shift today , Can't wait untill later . 
I can't wait untill I get back into school , I am debating being an English < PROPMALE > or something to do with cars ... body repair maybe . 
Some bitches are flakey like dandruff . 
It is fucking awesome out today . Chores , get my food handlers card and then work . I love keeping busy . 
Sigh , long day I must say , decide on how I am going to make tonight , alive . 
Got the day off today thankfully . 
New episode of Superjail , fuck yes . 
Thinking about going skating but have no car .... fuck . 
It is nice nor having to work in the morning but I miss that money . 
Needs a day job . I should of went to bartending school while I had a < PROPMALE > . 
Say one thing but doing the complete opposite . Basics of a human . 
Just got my debts paid off to Chaffey College . Now to get off of academic probation ... one step closer to my English < PROPMALE > . 
Awww fuck , the Subaru won't be running untill Monday . I miss that rust bucket . 
Jellysickle sickness , jellysickle sickness take another lick bitch ! 
One Easter Dinner down , Another one to go . 
how many dubsteppers does it take to screw in a light bulb ? 
Not being able to sleep sucks . Great day ahoy ! 
Coffee and Doctor P . Yep . 
Finally got the Subaru running again . I missed that beast . 
Fuck Christ ! I miss that bitch . 
Maybe , finally that < PROPMALE > rider < PROPFIRST > Trump will shut the fuck up . Obama releases birth certificate because assholes who can't focus on better things . 
Almost done with < PROPMALE > and Jerrys . 
Chino Park Skate Session going down in the morning . Most likely around 10 or even twelve . Hit me up here or on the celluar phone . 
Cannot wait untill I ride the shred sled . 
Let it be . 
Can't think if I keep busy . 
I may not have her heart but at least I still have her as a friend . :) 
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . Dr < PROPMALE > . 
Working the Double play stand . 
Fuck yes . Just re enrolled in school but on the down side I still get fucked on classes because Im not considered to be a returning student . Fuck it . 
DERP DERP DERP DERP DERP DERP !!!!! IM GAY !!!! DERP DERP DERP DERP DERP !!!!! 
Finally finding my way back on the path of life . College here I come . 
Getting ready for work . Things are starting to look up again . 
Who is going to be in a Funny or Die music . Video ? This guy ! Gotta love life for the little things . 
Fuck ChaffeyView . Always having log in issues . What the fuck . 
God damn . Tomorrow is going to be fun as fuck . taking car of errands in the morning . Working at my dad's house . Then Funny or Die music video shoot with < PROPFIRST > Blasingame , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > Beaucannon . 
L.A. bound t-minus 20 minutes . Funny or Die music video shoot . Then Cinco De Mustache party hosted by Anenberg Anenberg . 
That dance party was fucking awesome . Now off to rock the keys . 
That party at Rock the Keys was cracking as fuck . Best Cinco de Mayo ever . 
Ah now to take care of business so I can relax for a bit before work . 
Ugh . A pitcher of beer and a fuck load of sushi do not mix . D: 
