Testing mobile 

So like finally being picked up . Normally bike , but yea bro cutting it way close . 
With 4mins to spare ( before breaking the allowed 15min late < PROPFIRST > 
Ill be damned if i spend my whole 15mins in line to by a starbucks coffee energy drink 
On break and omg do i feel like eating a horse ... 
Taling my break outside to draw 
At long last comes the closing scene in which i take my much anticipate exit stage left , and begin my journey back to where it all started . Lol shift ove 
r and heading home lol 
Just found out my grandma surgery went well ( cancer ) though they discovered she needs a pace maker so their putting it in today . 
Omg im defiantly a bear , slept from about 9am to 1.5 am today ( some interruptions)felt pawsome though i had stuff to work on > < mght do now 
i may be starting school this may , except taking 2 classes online . as much as i hate that . I get 2 more classes done i woldnt have . 
WTF rain ? Like seriously I have to go to work in this weather , atleast 2 < PROPMALE > in the rain then i get to be in a bus then 3more < PROPMALE > in it . 
Ever have one of those days where it progressively gets shitty dispite nothing happening to provoke it . Well feeling like shit atm 
Feels like a stab in the face when someone tells someone tells you their lonley and cant find love dispite both parties seeing your effort . 
If your gonna say anthing , dont give me that 
Oh gawd this better all pay off . Theres no way i can keep dealing with all of this much longer , i have just enough nerve to last long enough 
Yayyy for nice bus drivers :3 i really needed to catch the bus home from work ( bike went stupid ) and only had a 10 , but he let me ride free . 
Just woke up briefly to take care of some things ( i work 3rd shifts atm ) and omg am i talking like im high or something ( never smoked ) @___@ 
Ugh getting ready for work again , really glad this is short term 
Cancer isnt exclusive to breast , so why does it get its own week , while almost nothing is said about male cancers ? 
Seriously now , men are far less likley to have a prostate exam , so why not educate ? Cancer isnt something to gender discriminate about . 
Eh got this apcuplacer test i gotta take today , a good grade means i dont gotta take shit like math . So hopefully I do decent on it . It at 2 
' Send Me an < PROPFEMALE>' by Scorpion , man do i need one right now . Its so hard to make everything work . ( doesnt have to be religious since im not ) 
Ugh another day at work ? Idk if i keep up all this stress and worry that much longer . I have to i suppose . It would be nice to catch a break 
Sometimes ( well more then sometimes ) i just wish i could shift out , and like run around as a bear when things get tough . And then shift back 
U know what i never considered for my future apartment ? Decor ... If kudos is gonna be in a apartment you sure bet its gonna look nice . 
Just got on my 30min break , overall this shift isnt going to bad . Im stocking stuff in the automotive and toy areas , which is a nice change 
Working on wuffy's badge while on break , well just the drawing portion , i still have to bring it into illustrator then photoshop . 
Just got home , eating some Kellogs special K cereal and OMG do i love this stuff . This shit is worth getting 100dollars worth lol 
Going to bed alone again , this shit is really old . Wish there was some company , but ohwell , just one of those things im not allowed to have 
Had another dream about reattending AC this year . Its gonna suck if I have to \ 
\ 
miss it this year . I guess its exceptable if I have a future 
Think I may have been talking to my parents with my collar on O.O when i went back to bed after a pee , i didnt recall putting it on @_@ 
Got a ride to work today , which is always then biking in the rain . Today feels like its gonna be a shitty day . 
Ugh another rainy day 
Im wet as a mofo darn rain and puddles >_< 
I so dont wanna go to work today , feeling like shit 
Yayyy at work -dies- 
On my break now , their talking about body weight and penises on < PROPFIRST > kimmel lol 
Had a hard time mustering the strength to get up for work ( another low sleep day ) but i did and now getting ready for work >_< 
Remind me again , what is it exactly that i do to get disrespected by others ? Cause last i knew being friendly and upbeat was a good thing 
' old news ' but new news here . Turns out I may have a web design project on the way , paid project . From a friend of mine . 
List of things I need not in order . 1 . I-Mac 2 . I-Pod touch 3 . I-Pad 4 . a partial suit 5 . MACbook PRO 6 . Time with friends 7 . Burr Plushies 
One reason why i hate PCs .... RANDOM BLUE SCREENS and thats whats been happening to me . Just 1 of the many reasons why to get a < PROPMALE > 
Listening to ' april rain ' by Delain while biking in the rain how funny 
At work and dripping wet , who wants dibs lol jk good thing i broght extra pants 
Holy bajeebus i can sell my unused books for $320.93 thats about enough to make my partial suit without digging into my savings to much 
Idk what anyone has to say poparasi is the best Lady Gaga song > < havnt heard it in weeks and its in my head 
Pawsome , my text book for western civ has just arrived :3 i felt awkardly accomplished when it did 
Listening to ' The Divine Conspiracy ' by Epica while on break , damn i love that song . 
Miracle is fool for luck 
If it werent for broke college kids , the company that makes ramin noodles would have long been oitof business 
2more hours and I can go home . 1 less day until I get to be myself . :3 
So cant wait to start working on my partial suit . Bought the fur , buying the wings , and contacting for additional commission aid . Almost set 
OMG undubbed anime sucks , fricken ear sore , i just want to finally finish the original naruto series without having to read 
Crap is this walmart or a malitia uprising ? We have 90 temps stocking plus like 20 actual workers , its sufficating D: 
Kewl fucking beans . My store manager said he'll approve the transfer . I still need approved on the other end , but im most of the way there . 
Is it giving props or sad for u if getting a rockstar is the best news u had in the past 2days ? 
U know whats more awesome then aa kudos ? A kudos carring a < PROPFEMALE > kudos :3 I found a awesome and i shall make it look like me O.O 
Hurry otter , take me away from this place , so I may stress about different things ( in pitt ) ( fyi i subscribed to all updates mobily so if you have my fee 
l free to txt me ) 
6days until the otter takes me away :3 
Heading to the gym for thr first time in who knows how many months . 
Holy shit , this incoming wind is kicking my ass @_@ no wonder we have a tornado warning in lower erie 
So like yea , the wind literally almost swept my bike from beneath me , however due to my awesomeness I have prevaled . But damn that was some strong ass winds :3 
The soul purpose of truths is to hurt you , and then maybe inform . 
Working on ch16 of a story i started a long while ago while on break . 
and like there was a lot of ' O_O ! ' when i did , regardless i told em at my interview i was going to leave for skool but still 
35hrs 43mins left 
28Hrs 15mins left ( roughly ) 
Keeping < PROPFEMALE > head foward keeps you from looking back to far . Which is where all the bad memories and experences are . 
¡Never forget where you came from and the struggles you had to overcome , cause its when you forget , that you loose all sense of who you are and become ing 
¡reateful 
Wow forgetting your id will not allow you access to anthrocon , dont forget it ppl . 
Women are lucky they have bra's . Running with a wet shirt scrapping the tips of < PROPFEMALE > nipples burns !!!!! 
àUgh this con as pretty much blown up to this point . Hopefully my right paw shoes up ( seeing how drakonic doesnt know what happened to it ) and i can fina 
àlly finish my head . Might like it better once im in costume hopefully . 
Hmmmm curious , i been called a nigger 8times since making my move ... am i allowed to start using the word ? Cause apparently i must be one 
Holy shit this ice cream truck is playing some creepy ass music @_@ 
Aparrently its harder then i thought going from the east side ( 2 Digit apt munber ) to like where the jobs are @_@ 
Spending the night by myself eating fried pasta -sigh- 
Are any of us truely alive ? Or do we merely precieve our selves to be . 
·Yu know , ppl ask me ' why dont you have many friends ? You seem so nice ' the long and the short is , ive seen a lot of ppl who have friends , dis their frien 
·ds in some way about something . I dont want friends i cant say anything but good/great things about . And while i have very few friends , the ones i do hav 
·e have been very good to me , and I am forever greatful . And for those individuals ill do whatever i can possibly do for . You guys know who u are ! 
Eating chicken flavored ramen watching naruto subbed in the dark , if this isnt corrpution then what is ? Lol 
Had a dream this morning that i was eating ramen noodles O_O 
«U know whats funny , unless barack is from < PROPFEMALE > ( the odds of which are pretty damn high ) we still dont have a black president . Barack is half black half 
«white lol . So that milestone has not yet been met . Ppl are so ignorant . 
Human nature is a beautiful thing , for its < PROPMALE > , curiosty , and passion . However human nature is also disgusting , for its hate , jinsecurities , and evil . 
Some chick gave me her number while i was taking a test for my interview process . And i gotta say she was cute , not what im interested in , but cute for a girl 
Money ... man do i hate money , its good for buying shit yes , however you cant just decide you dont to spend it , cause then you'll die . Its funny how a piec 
e of colored paper can be both a source of hope and corruption simataniously ... man do i hate it , but alas im dead without it . Bummer . 
Today is going to be a great day , im sure of it . Whenever i have a shitty one , the rebound always seem to open up doors that were previously locked to me 
 . I need as many great days as i can get if things are to go my way , so i guess in a sense i need as many days as possible as well then eh ? 
U know whats funny , im technically in the second year of my program despite being in a new one . Thats fucking epic ! 
Today was a great day , just the kind of day i needed to have . :3 
Omg i kept dreaming about these next 2 days > < tuesday sure , i start skool , but monday ? Well probably cause im going to be solidifing my schedule . -shrugs- 
Ovens are hot . Dont reach into them to take a fry , even if you dont touch the pan . 
Fucken sweet the bus im on has a busted < PROPMALE > slot , so unless you want a transfer , its a free ride lol . Wish i knew that , else i wouldnt have putmy 75cents in . 
Havnt started class yet and im already feeling energized and inspired . I hope to learn as much as possible , and maybe be of some help , with the experence i have 
Anyone whos studing animation should check out the movie ' spirited away ' and get a hold of their behind the scene bonus disk ! I feel so inspired just watchn it 
Best tushay ever involves a bear swimming for his food lol 
Im sure im gonna hate this job . Its not that its hard , but rather this place has such a dead feeling to it . Ive done 3rd shift for walmart but this is different 
Omg pittsburgh has some amazing morning weather . Im so use to night frost from the lake 
I just ate some of my roommates ' toll house ' chocolate cookie dough stuff and theres a notice saying ' do not eat raw ' ~_~ im scared . 
A critique u never hear about food ' it taste ... tall ' :3 
Ugh gotta be up and out around 5:30 am for skool . Forgot to ask my bf for bus money and im flat broke . And my classes start at 8am and with work after ... FML 
Im sooooo complaining to myself about haing to walk to skoool . I wanna just stay home , but i cant afford to miss 4 of the alotted 10hrs on day one > < 
Today is shit for a completely different reason then i thought . 
I think the hardest thing for me to learn so far isnt that for most things there is no help , but rather to expect , their will be no help when i need it . GTLL ha 
Another day over 
Love life for what it can be . A flower doesn't blossim as soon as you plant its seed . 
Dear Pittsburgh\ 
Thanks for making me smell like wet dog . \ 
Sincerly\ 
Kudos 
Da fuk , a day to clear a check ? This bank sucks ! > < i wans money to put food baby in my bears tummy D: not to mention shop for real food ( ramen is knot food ) 
Ended up falling asleep after 2:30 am so im feeling pretty jacked , plu i wont be sleeping till about 6am tomorrow > < 
Wow i just noticed . When wearing my collar and ppl dont avoid eye contact , i somehow have a higher probability of avoiding eye contact . When normally itsoppsit 
Robot chicken on ice , if possible that would be godsend :3 
Been seriously thinking weather or knot i should bring the hammer down on my asshole roommate when the time comes to do so ( if u have my cell and respond txt me 
26Days till im 21 
I said it before and ill say it again ' miricle ' is fool for ' luck ' i absolutely hate when people use it . Miricle is a stroke of well timed fortune i.e luck > < 
Wtf today is dragging on tooooooo slow , and my bear is sick so the most fun thing to day for me will probably be sleep > < 
You know u relied on ramen to much when u start counting the cost of other foods in incriments of ramen packets . ex : 2cans of chunky soup =3 $ which is 18ramen D: 
Listening to music and eating poptarts while being as far away from everyone as possible , so the usual lol 
Got about 2hrs left to work , got homework to do , maybe continiue to writing my story , maybe hangout with my bear , then work . Gah im in such a gothic mood lol 
