coming home this weekend .... SLC for life 

coming home this weekend ... SLC for life yo 
Jail was even cooler the third time around 
logic and critical reasoning who knew they offered a class for what i lack 
see how we roll in ball sac . hyphy !!!! 
new pictures of life in sac 
i cant wait to have a sectional and not just a dirty green chair 
Work is a mess ... school just started ... torn my hamstring ... but winter is close and that makes it all better 
im stuck on V3's and V4's and going nowhere fast 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!! your presents are killer . 
wants to but a bullet between the eyes of every panda that wont screw to save it's species hahaha or just people that ask for a hook up 
so imagine you are having a nightmare then right before you are about to catch a beating the fire alarm in your hotel goes off at 2 in the morning and you get evacutated 
I love spring riding .... but I hate raccoon eyes and the burnt face that comes with it . 
Well it looks like < PROPFEMALE > and I are adding another pitbull puppy to your little family 
< PROPFEMALE > took her first big fall it was rough but she got right back up and was able to do exactly what made her crash going just as fast . She is gonna be hella good on a snowboard in no time 
And I quote \I know how you work . You slip small truths into to lies so everyone believes it . \ " I don't know if that's a compliment or a bad thing . " 
Why is it the people that have republican bumper stickers all over their car are the dirty/toothless people that make you hate shopping at wal-mart ? 
I have been excepted into one of the top social science programs in the country !!!!! To bad I can only find a job as a teacher with a philosophy < PROPMALE > 
I feel like if I owned a voice synthesizer I could be famous too . 
I need a date for the < PROPFIRST > buble show in august I have 4th row tickets does anyone wanna go with me ? 
Finally I can say that I can climb V5's . I really wanna join the V7 click by the end of year and be one of the cool kids at the gym . 
So I have to decide what type of philosopical discipline to focus in now that I've been excepted into UC < PROPMALE>' program . Anyone have any suggestions ?? Biology , language , ethics , political , mathematics , logic , analytic , or ancient . 
I've spent the last 2 hours cleaning my one bedroom house and I'm still not done .... I hate cleaning but can't stand a dirty house I want a maid 
I can't support the jazz anymore when I know what's gonna happen ... They are gonna just lose to the lakers 
Years of competitive soccer have robbed me of a healthy pain free body 
Roseville galleria the mall for whites .... Feels like Utah here 
The mexicans at denios market discrimanate against whites Im living proof 
Breakfast in bed I'm a hella lucky guy !! 
So I shot 88 at wildhawk today so close to breaking the 85 < PROPFIRST > 
Horse shit horse shit horse shit 
And this is why I can't support the US they make me SICK 
Another trip to walmart today another eye full of the scum of < PROPFEMALE > ... Walmart thanks for keeping them out of the stores where us normal people shop 
< PROPFIRST > Chile somos bacon 
Supporting the US is liking watching porn you get excited but are always let down in the end cause it's not the real thing 
Oh yo amo espana somos el mejor selecion < PROPMALE > mundo 
Got headed butted by a horse today kinda dimmed the lights I must say it hurt like hell 
Oh brazil let count the ways I hate you .... nevermind I don't have to you are gone ... so sad to bad goodbye 
Octopus are the most trust worthy of all the aquatic kingdom ... Learned that on wikipedia 
I'm pretty sure I'm ready for it to winter again . Summer always seems to long and I'm tired of waiting it out 
Well my loans been approved and my scholarship excepted .... I'm stoked to be going to this school 
You treat me like I was the ocean and swim in my blood when it's warm 
I'm pretty sure I feel like it's a good day to watch fight club .... \slide \"" 
Liverpool please don't make me hate watching the epl this season . I just can't take another 8 months of us fighting it's to hard on me . YNWA 
This week could be killer ... Mr. Buble Tuesday with my beautiful girlfriend and Liverpool really could start it off right today with a win at Man . City . And golf on Friday 
< PROPFIRST > Buble and dinner are you ready ? 
Seriously winter I'm ready quit taking your time 
Can some please put a hit out on < PROPMALE > Beck ? That douche really needs to go . 
The D.E.N.N.I.S system works every time 
Philosophy of Language of truth and meaning I can't wait for you to fill my head with new ideas 
So I'm offically engaged !! 
< PROPMALE > Schwab is the place to buy tires my side wall blew out on a set of new tires and they replaced it without any question . 
I gotta say I have the best fiancée ever .. She bought a big slutty sandwich for lunch and left half of it in the frig for me .... yes I know I'm lucky 
So I offered to buy my finacee a horse for a wedding present today . Her responce I think I'd rather have a juicer !!!! Really this is a true story 
Kinda nuts how fast the brain can switch from thinking in one language to another then back again . Blows my mind 
Ever feel like the story is to really and in the present text ? 
< PROPFIRST > swift songs get me all hot and bothered 
Wednesdays suck work 12am-9am school 10am-3am 2 hours of study 1 soccer game sleep around 9pm awake up at 11:30 to go back to work . I guess the real question is can I do this for 10 weeks ? 
Does anyone else think that logic is part of every aspect of your life ? 
Goodbye Hicks and Gillet you whores . New owner finally Liverpool can start over and be great again YNWA !!!!! 
Hey everyone thanks for saying happy birthday ... It was great I think it was the first day in a month I was able to sleep more the 5 hours on a weekday so I had a great day thank again 
I wish working out your mind burned the same calories as working out your body . Six pack brain here I come 
I told < PROPFEMALE > my power animal was a snow leopard or a polar bear .... She quickly responded that it's a bearded snow monkey 
Every time I blow my nose boogers get stuck in my mustache 
I feel to cool for school today it's just a shame I'm not smart enough to be . 
I'm pretty sure I would have Fernado Torres baby .... Liverpool have found their footing again !!! YNWA ... 
Lesson of the day : only the ignorant can have knowledge 
Sitting on the third floor balcony of wellman hall soaking up the last hour of sun on a perfect 70 degree day wondering how soon will this crap end and the snow fall start 
This is probably the gayist thing I've ever said but I would totally have sex with Birrell .... No just playing but really I love going to school 
Holy shit I'm so tried of getting B's on papers who do I need to sex up to get A's seriously 
I hate that my bank is in a grocery store ..... I feel like it's a welfare bank 
I need some direction to perfection 
i need to find a place for a wedding ceremony in salt lake . its just for the vows not the reception .... anyone have any ideas ???? 
I hate oprah and I'm pretty sure she's the anti-christ ... She's finally off TV and now I have to watch commercials about her damn OWN channel 
Here's a nugget of truth only dirt bags wear adidas samba shoes not soccer players . Meditate on this 
