i got locked out my house and she didn't let me in . i guess i might be moving soon 

GETTIN A JOB AT PIZZA HUT LOL 
I have been sleeping more than i ever have in my life . i never been able to handle this type of stuff well . its sad becuz i only tlked to her once be still i cant help but feel bad . i am going to be quiet for awhile 
im cool now 
No football for this guy anymore . This means I get to find out who is really my friends 
Guess I gotta start looking again ugh well time to skinny up lol 
I guess I am going out for football tomorrow . Is it a good thing or not ? Ops comment and give me feedback 
first day of work it was differnt but it was alot better than i thought 
my shoulder is burning from football practice . idk what was wrong but it was hurting last year and now it is hurting worse . it might be time to the doctor . :( 
< PROPFIRST > cheated on me so i let her go she can be with 15 year old < PROPFIRST > she already had sex wit him . My should still kinda hurts so i didn't go to practice . Got work at 5 30 time top take them calls lol . hit me up 
my bone is outta place so i got no heavy liftin or movein my arm too much . not lookin too good for football . well i am going tomorrow to tell coach . i got doc appointment next week 
first day at back at practice with my bad shoulder . its going to be hot and all i am doing is running ugh not looking forward to it . i cant even lift weights lol 
coach said that i should try and try out for college football idk i really am not looking to take it that far but it pays for college so maybe idk . ash is still always getting mad so idk my life right now is a big idk . just the way i like lol 
gotta go to work at 530 if anyone wants to see me in a cheese hat drive by ad you will see lol . my arm is getting alot worse because i keep using it alot now with work and football . i am going to doctor tomorrow and i will see whats wrong with me . pray for me guys i think i might need it 
ok really bad stuff has happened . now i went to the doc today and got my arm checked out again . it seem i have like a little bone cocoon in my arm(HURTS ) . it got hurt from last year and the coaches said keep on playing it really hurt me all the way up 2 now . so now i got to get an MRI scan to see if it is really bad so i got to get < PROPMALE > help on it . football is not looking to good for me . so i got to tell coach soon 
its been a bad two days . i just lost my job so i got 0 money again . looking for another job now if anyone know anyone thats lookin tell me an hook me up 
straighting out becoming the < PROPFIRST > you all know and love :) 
gettin tests done on shoulder tomorrow . scared 
one of the best days of my life . might be getting a job soon and i got another paycheck from work that idk i had . now if only my love life would straighten out my life would be back to normal 
scared outta my mind i have SURGERY TOMORROW on my shoulder . They are taking out some of my bone that was messed up becuz of football . All my pain was becuz i played . I should of listened to my gut and didnt . Now i got arthritis in my shoulder becuz i kept using it . it looks really bad ......... dont know what to do 
Sitting down becuz I can't move shoulder . Ugh its going to be a long 2 weeks 
i don't want to see her ruin her life . but what can i do for her in my state . i don't want to see you alone or even in the wrong state . i am talking to her tomorrow broken arm and all and i will make her see . all the things she said like college or a good job will disappear from her . i wont let that happen . people reading this i need your prayer not for me but for the one i wish to save . i know that God is on my side 
if she dont want to be saved all i can do is pray for her live too be good 
I think way too much for my own good . Well i will try and calm down . 
my shoulder looks horrible but it dont feel bad(with meds ) 
talked to one of my old friends and i feel alot better 
she told me to move on and i did ........ now she is pissed ......... where is the smarts in that ? 
JAQUAN YOU ARE THE PERSON THAT MESSED UP MY SHOULDER lol idc its cool 
Got all my stiches out it feels good . Now I got therpy for a bit and I'll be done ugh well I won't be playing football so I might get a gym membership . Anybody wanna workout wit a BEAST !!!!! =) lol 
Family is coming down soon so i am getting happy 
thinking about life ............ my past was not great but my future WILL be better :) ( power of positive thinking lol ) 
Been talking to family and my mind has been cleared . Like all the stuff i been thinking about has almost all gone . It feels good to get rid of a headache :) well i am hoping that some stuff happens today guys . 
ITS ALMOST OVER BABY !!!!! LAST YEAR OF CEDARTOWN STARTS SOON !!!!!!!!! 
Switching my game up . Tired of the things i got to do to try and make you look better . This is my last year of high school and i am going to make a good last impression . I am going to try even harder for my grades so i can get some scholarships for colleges i wanna go to . Its time to stop just breezing through all those classes . 
stayin up til 4 or 5 in the moring + havin to go to work at 7 = me not in a good mood 
lol feelin good about life right now . its a good day to be alive 
last < PROPMALE > is the 7th i will not be made a fool of 
love is e-vol 
i am not wanted by the one i care about so i think i just might have to stop tlkin to her . but i promised the 7 so ill wait til then 
my family for Indiana is gone now . life gos back to normal . well i am wonderin when footballs first games is . do anyone kno ? 
Trying to get < PROPFEMALE > to talk to me . Its kinda working now . Feeling a little better about this now . 
i can deal with her but not her parents 
what time fair open 
If only someone woulda told me a year ago it would go and get this difficult 
I got an iPod lol 
ready to quit 
Going to ask coach about playing this year . Right now I can't hit nothing but I need to get in shape so I can be ready !!!!!!!!!! 
Ready for the game . Also might go see a movie sat . Or sun . < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world or dinner for scmucks . Maybe both if I am lucky 
Wondering if they gonna cancel game now I was lookin forward to it . Well now it's a bad day 
all you gotta do is say yes 
ok well i am set now lol i hope things start to change now 
I went to the first day of practice and gram is pissed football might be over already . But atleast my love life is straightin out :) 
I tell my grandmother where I am and it's on the voicemail statin where I am and she still satin she don't kno where I am at ? She gettin alittle old I guess well I am grounded I can't even touch my car :( well guess if you wanna chill with me then you know where the house is at 
grandmother says she dont want none of them football people in her house !!! well sorry guys i tried :( 
I am done with rehab yay ! Well I guess it time to start working again :( well I need the money but I would like I real job :/ well back to lookin for one guys 
theses girls ant worth all the effort i put into talking to them . sorry but < PROPFIRST > is out 
Doing good right now might be leavin the past girl behind if she don't step her game up . Don't wanna quit tlkin to her bit I am bout to be forced into that sorry 
My great grandmother is dying . That's make three people ugh so many problems this will only start more . 
Bout everybody is going to this game hope cdt pulls out a win . 
Worse night of my life ugh so tired 
That night was crazy but now I got some rest and I am ready for round 2 
Ashamed that I even tlked to her in the first place . All she wants to do is party and throw life away . Well she knows she is doing it and I tried to say don't but when has she ever listened to me . 
Man ready for summer to over so i can be a senior lol last year baby i am so frakin happy i am gettin outta here . 
Can't even stay up past 1 now-a-days ugh guess I been workin too hard 
what time school start this year and when do it end ? 
Beginning of the end lol 
Amazing day lol last yr baby and I got all easy classes I know I am going to pass so just give me my diploma now lol 
Today was kinda boring and i guess I am falling for her a bit to much I got too much time to think I will have to take up reading again if this gets worse 
Didn't get job ugh well hope I'll rock next one 
I am having a wonderful time lol 
She just don't no anything about me 
I think I just might be done with everything I swear I have done nothing and I still get jumped on 
I am Lovely baby , I am so just fine and dandy 
I just couldnt do it anymore grandmother I am sorry I yelled but I ant a little kid who don't know anything . I am a thinker who really does use his brain just when I am around you I have to come down to your level 
Ridiculous all i got to say on the matter then I drop it sorry for all the trouble idk i let it get that bad . 
i hate high school its just place of fake promise and lies . but then i think hey i wonder if you every stop getting lied too ? makes you stop and think is life really worth living with all this shit that seems to float over your head . like once you got something good it can get take all away quickly as it came . 
I cant get sleep . I am kinda scared tomorrow alot of shit might be going down . I need to stop doing all this shit on Sunday lol I am always messed up next day lol . Sorry for fucking with you < PROPFEMALE > but you pissed me off so I reacted quickly to get over with and get out system , but I am good now but I am sure u mad so I'll give it a bit til I see what's really up 
Girls ant stupid man . Just relize when you are trying to get with them they got back ups if you ant quick enough or if you turn out to be an ass lol 
Thinking alittle too hard about her . Sometimes I wish I could just forget 
There were right each day it gets alittle better for me . Love is so hard to get over . It's really bad when you used to do everything with that one person then she disappears forever never giving you another < PROPMALE > 
So ready for Sunday lol let's go get wasted lol 
Hey you dang woodchucks quit chucking my wood lol 
No ! I will NOT go to esom hill 
wondering about her . i hope she still thinks about me :/ 
I wanna kick their ass BADLY 
Happy I am home lol 
Frustrated that I have lost her . We was so close 
took some meds i hope i feel better 
It seems like adulthood is all about sex and college is where it all takes off .......... bad or good thing ? Idk but I dont think I am going to college now 
I found something that make me mad . Open relationships !!!!! That is completely retarded and is that love ? I think not 
Working on 4 hours of sleep 
Dad look at what you created . You not being there for me was the worse thing that I could think possible lol . Mom you and grandad left me aswell . I had a good run and I tried my hardest to stay the good guy but don't everyone have a snapping point ? 
happy i got out what i need to . i am also happy to have someone to tlk to lol never take your friends for granted . its gets pretty bad when you alone 
Black people started wearing their pants low .. white people started calling it \saggin\ " .. whats \ " saggin\ " spell backwards ? Those tricky white people (: " 
lol got my first house lol i love being a Chubb lol . wheni amdone with skool i got a entire house to myself and a new car . thanks dad lol 
My arm is in PAIN ugh this is why I don't play football anymore 
Got insulted by her it's what < PROPFEMALE > if you don't wanna tlk delete my num and cut off your ties to this town lol you found somewhere you like so if you never come back I'll be alright lol . I guess I did want you at one point but it's crazy how you think you can read me . Lol have a good life and I hope all your little sex fantasies come true but 4 now keep me outta them 
Seniors foreva you know we da best 
Everybody going to sleep lol I ant even close to tired 
seems everyone has got somebody to love 
well should of seen coming lol 
happy i tied up all my past its all over < PROPFIRST > i know you looking at my profile somehow so plz leave me the fuck alone you lying ass bitch sit on it and rotate 
most amazing party ever lol idk if i can get the smell off my clothes lol 
i think i might grow dreads before i get outta high school . i ant getting them short ones either lol i am getting those Jamaican ones 
life just picked up a little more if everything gos as planned i will be set 
noticing that i have become addicted to \bring me the horizon\ " (metal band ) . seems my grandmother is sending my to the psychiatrist becuz she is worried she is losing me lol " 
she said get to church and she leaves with my keys lol guess i ant gonna make it today sorry you shouldn't of took my keys 
Done with the Spanish report it took soooooooo long :( 
i am done with this stupid stuff they put me thou my cousin < PROPFIRST > was right girls in high school are evil . 
Crucify me , nail my hands to a wooden cross . There is nothing above , there is nothing below . Heaven and Hell lives in all of us , And I've been cast astray . 
did some running to clear my head and i got pulled over by the popo lol 
\THE OFFICIAL ASSHOLE \"" 
I'm feelin so fly like a G6 . Ladies love my style , at my table gettin wild Get them bottles poppin , we get that drip and that drop Now give me 2 more bottles cuz you know it don't stop . When sober girls around me , they be actin like they drunk I'm feelin so fly like a G6 
We will never sleep , ' cause sleep is for the weak And we will never rest , ' til we're all fucking dead I refuse to close my eyes\ 
I have loved , and I have lost I have turned , and I have tossed I have listened , and I have watched I've gave into this for long enough I have lost , and I have loved Sleep has stolen far too much So don't close your eyes , not just yet 
myspace got beast again lol 
Myspace is looking good i like the change in style lol 
so fuckin tired of not being trusted i swear her time is running out and so is my < PROPFEMALE > 
too cold for black people =[ 
lmao i am trippin at donovans lol i love this game 
i got pink eye and my gram is forcing me to go to skool ! 
i am just finishing some bullshit that people be starting 
man this pink eye is killing me i havnt be able to go to skool in three days . that would be cool but now i cant leave the house . ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
so tired of skool i wish i could quit 
CAMPING ! 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/FX4zL 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/GLnMg 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/F3458 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/FXgzJ 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/FKgXJ 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/FXqlc 
so happy theres no skool . where da partys at ? 
ALMOST CRASHED TODAY LOL THAT FOG IS CRAZY !?!??!?!?!?! 
106 fever . i cant even get up outta bed . i couldnt even eat all the food for thanksgivin . next day i m back down to 98 tho so whateva i think that someone really didnt want me to eat that day 
the best excuse to get what you want . -Dance naked in front of me or the terrorists have won . 
just finshed my homework omg i hate Mrs. Hunts class . If math gets any harder than that i dont wanna go to college 
SAT ! SAT ! SAT ! WHY GOD WHYYYYYYYY ? 
sat time . this has been what i have been studying for 
that was a 5 HOUR TEST !!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG 
IT'S ........................ Captain Planet 
bakein cookies lol 
my grandmother thinks we got school . she woke me up at 5 and i cant go back to sleep !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
those crazy white people 
so tired of missing you 
Time is measured by your experiences with others 
Wow it feel like I got left behind . All my friends are having babies and quitin skool and have no job and all that . I don't because of my protective grandmother . Thanks grandmother ! < PROPFEMALE > x-mas 
not going to college my sat scores say i am retarded lol well thats it 
i dont got enough money to buy presents anymore 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/CS2qw 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/Dzbf8 
i like big girls , i can not lie , if u need a man , baby im that guy , up in the club , V-I-P , big girls everywhere , and dey lovin me , yea i want a sandwich , ill take two , put it in the kitchen , they'll kno wat to do , lobster chicken biscuit , put it in the oven , koolaid pizza , dang i luv it , big girl big job big salary , big girls ? dnt care abt calories , big girls dnt care who lookin , all dey want to kno is dang who cookin 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/G8hVd 
at 12 at night my gram walks in and said you didnt get anything for xmas . the last yr i was even gonna be at her house . wow thats some real stuff huh 
i got a new laptop omg lol 
got a laptop lol 
welll i was gonna go out but i cant now roads are icy 
enjoying life and everyone in it 
At the doc in Rome 
embrace the martian i come in peace but i need yall rockin with me 
need to get outta here 
The heart dies a slow death , Shedding each hope like leaves , Until one day there are none . \ 
No hopes , Nothing remains . \ 
She paints her face to hide her face , Her eyes are deep water . \ 
It is not for geisha to want , It is not for geisha to feel . \ 
Geisha is an artist for their floating world , She dances , She sings , She entertains you , Whatever you want . \ 
The rest is shadows , The rest is secret . \ 
-Memoirs of a Geisha(2005 ) 
too cold for black people again 
interception ? 
just cleaned off my car lol i cant feel my toes 
got in trouble for downloading illegal movies lol well should of seen that one coming 
thinking about life . should i really be talking to her still ? 
got a job lol making that cash lol 
I might of made a mistake ugh she was perfect 
either she got new facebook or she has unblocked me . i am scared now 
Here we go lol likes see what I can do with my current situation 
-got work tomorrow :) 
done . just done . i swear its just too much work . 
DONE WITH ALL THESE FAKE B ? @* #1 $ ! 
i think i might in love ..................... with work lol 
the spike has come back lol i love my hair cut 
i AM GOING TO COLLEGE FOR THE SOLE REASON OF GETTING AWAY FROM CEDARTOWN ! 
IT MIGHT BE OVER BUT I SEE A NEW BEGINNING . PLZ LET LUCK BE IN MY FAVOR TONIGHT AND BRING HER BACK TO ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1IF THERE IS A GOD OUT THERE PLZ HEAR MY CRY THIS IS THE ONLY THING I WANT AND NEED . I < PROPMALE > T NEED FAME I < PROPMALE > T NEED RICHES I JUST NEED HER LOVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 111 
the only one i can truly say am tollaly in love with you . 
she ant tlkin to no one ................. this ant good 
i am so close to her but yet so very far away 
i want her and i need no one else . 
sold 300 slim jims 
i might of failed but hey i found something that makes me happy and thats selling slim jims for 25 cents 
work ............ ugh feet on fire ............ but paycheck to be 200 .................. worth it :) 
drowin myself in work to avoid a problem at home ....... i feel like an old man now 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/JzfBx 
so i guess we still have skool > \\ ? 
didnt get home til 1 cuz of work ......... i am tired of havin to wake up and go to skool 
Looking for something i can hold on to . -by a real ninja 
heres the deal alright pizza hut is now looking for a new cook alright ? so come in tomorrow if you want job tlk to manger his name is Jemimah and tell him u wanna speak to me . if i ant busy ill see if i can put in good word for you alright ? so everyone who been askin for a job heres your < PROPMALE > . you can be 16 and up . if you 18 he will hire you on spot as a driver . < PROPFEMALE > say i < PROPFEMALE > did nothin for yall 
tired of dealin with these fake punk a%$ bi^* ! es 
I didn't get nothin for < PROPFIRST > day awwww lol I got somethings for other tho . A girl at my table got broke up with today and I got her a < PROPFEMALE > 
i just got accepted lol i and gonna make it outta here lol i made it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
good bye ash and my old life and hello to a new dorm away from the troubles at home . good bye old life you will not be missed and thanks for nothin ash and all my old exs that never believed i would amount to anything . good bye to the fake friends and all that used me . goodbye all those people that will be stuck in cedartown . movin on to bright future where anything is possible . -the extraordinary < PROPFIRST > darden 
Got sick from \TP\ " giving me his proton shake that had peanut butter in it . I knew dem white boys was tryin to kill me " 
Subscribed to RecklessTortugaTwo http://lnk.ms/JtZMw 
going to be at work til 7 in the morning ugh at least i will be getting paid alot of money for this . 
at work i am tired ............. i am going to be here all night ........ 
3 in da mornin and i am still at work . i hate cleaning partys 
i just got off my feet are killing me but doing this kinda brought back memoirs of my mom . she got off work about this time too . well until the night she didn't come back 
never thought my best friend would be a fake friend 
she was nice but she was kinda crazy . she broke up with me becuz i was cheating ? i was at work all day ........... when could i cheated ? 
gettin paid today lol i cant wait to see that check 
looking for a date to prom lol i hope someone says yeah 
Subscribed to RecklessNoobs http://lnk.ms/JtYY0 
am i fat ? 
lol i think i found my date to prom 
back to the search 
So tired of gettin played . How does senior year turn out to be the worse year of my life . Pressure to quit grows everyday ......... love is no where to be found . So many rumors spreading around bout me . Ugh FML 
off work 
getting a new phone today and hopefully my car too 
Lol I got anew phone this thimg is so worth all the money I had to pay 
.......... stressed out . I gotta make it college but I am failing in school for the first time in my life . 
Gettin my hair cut . 
Pizza hut is hiring again so again I ask who wants a job ? 
if you really dont wanna be with me tell me . i dont ask for much but dam is that alot to ask 4 
Not so much as you say ........... single anymore 
cupids chokehold .............. if that ant love then i dont know what love is 
that was a crazy weekend lol full of cops and drugs lol i love atl 
i wish i could go back to last year when i had someone that i cared for and she cared for me . i dont miss her but i am looking for someone to fill the hole she left . i am tired of being alone but every time i think i might have a steady girl and i start to feel happy ..... it is taken from me yet again by the cruel fate i face everyday 
finshed mrs booth paper 
i got home at 12 so i have been sleeping for 11 hours ........ i was really tired 
first they tell me west ga is a good skool now i heard its a dumb ass skool which one is it ? 
Going back old school bout to get it all shaved off 
Been up since 1 ugh 
Happy I dont have to take grad test 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/MM4cK 
got dat hair cut lol dont even look like myself anymore 
its been so weird not working for this many days idk how to handle it 
At work we ran outta everything today 
i feel like i am a bit too young to experience the wonders of working and school . i feel like soon i will be fired and i will be bored once again . ugh well i got a phone out of it and i guess i am happy about my experience and i hope i will age enough to get a new job later on in life-Travis Darden 
i pulled a double today 10 am to 1130 pm lol i am going to get paid next week lol cant wait to see that check 
I liked a YouTube video http://lnk.ms/MTLPW 
