The more I think about it , the more I realize that these two people backstabbed me and never really were my friends to begin with . Cutting them out of my life is what is important now . 

Trying to play FFXI and watch \The Wall\ " at the same time ... " 
enjoying a lazy afternoon . 
Nice thunderstorm outside ... 
Makin dinner XD Filet < PROPFEMALE > ! mmmm mmm good :) 
Wish some of the stress at work would go AWAY . 
Bioshock FTW ! 
EL TORO ROJO !!!!! 
Great to hear < PROPMALE>'s voice again ! Can't believe I stumbled upon you after all these years ... Gotta make plans to come out there to visit , or y'all ( yes , I do say that now .. ) can come out here ! 
Got the windows open , nice breeze . About to fall asleep listening to Sigur Rós - ( ) 
off to run some errands while I have a lil blood in my Caffeine stream . 
Watching P.S. I love you ... I'm such a geek for cheeseball romances . 
Chicken breast stuffed with cheese & prosciutto , along with cashew saffron rice FTW !!! 
Gonna braid the roomie's hair , then watch a movie and go to bed . Today was not a good day . 
Gettin some stuff done around the house .. be back in a bit ... 
Just spritzed the roomie with my nectarine and white < PROPFEMALE > body spray cause he smelled like taco meat ... bleh . 
Punch Drunk Love . 
Confused . All I want to do is sleep tonight , and I can't even get that right . 
Treat me right . Give me the time of day instead of making me feel more alone . 
I think I'm gonna take a nice , cozy nap . <3 
Bedtime . Falling asleep watching Drag Me To Hell . <3 this movie . 
damn dogs tried to kill my laptop ... but after some re-wiring and careful placement , the TANK is back up and running ! 
Extremely frustrated . 
I'm going to bed . Watching City of Angels . Still frustrated . 
Hostage situation in a state office building downtown , maybe a mile from here . Lets hope everyone will be okay . 
Its that time of year now ... EGGNOG !!!!!! woooooooooooooo !!! 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > , now I have to go find a Meatmen album since mine have been missing for YEARS ! 
Leaky basement = my favorite boots are ruined . After 13 years in my possession , I had to throw away my docs . I wore them EVERYWHERE . I had those things longer than most of my friendships ... I miss my docs ! 
bites the big one . I'm gonna go be irresponsible for a lil bit . Yay me ! 
wooooooooooooo !! 
2010 was a great year ... Looking forward to an even better 2011 with < PROPFIRST > and getting more excited about becoming parents this upcoming August ! 
I cannot * wait * to get a new computer , just so I can dropkick this one out the door and then shoot it . 
Cleaning + 3 stubbed toes + dog underfoot = limping dog and limping < PROPFEMALE > . :/ 
Off to paint some walls at mom's house and make a mess !!! 
my new pc is being built as we speak ... the green monster will soon be up and running ... and then I can shoot the laptop !!!! 
oooooooooh . Booze night ! a bottle of < PROPMALE > Negri , and a six-pack of Moose Drool ! YAY ! 
Can I go back to bed now ? 
omgwtfbbq ... I'm taking my happy ass to bed . 
omg I'm going to be at work FOREVER today ... 
Slept all day because of an awful headache ... Now I'm wide awake ! and I have to be at work at 4am . :( 
Work at 4am for almost 3 years now ... Theres something wrong with my brain ... 
Blazing Saddles . Awesome sauce . 
Anyone know what a brown recluse bite looks like ? 
my tonsils = golf balls . I wanna go to bed :( 
I got a new phone ... and phone number ! If you want to get random texts and/or butt-dials , send me a message on here with your number ... 
Leaving for Kansas City Airport ! Going to visit Dad for a couple days , and we're going to see Peewee on Broadway !!!! 
I'm going to be a mommy ! :) <3 
I have a wedding dress !!! 
Good day to listen to some Pogues . 
More than likely going to < PROPFEMALE > , GA for our honeymoon ... Thanks for the idea , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Apple 
SNOW ? ugh . 
