good riddance 2009 . 

... Ah yes , Iran shows the world it is impossible to win against a right wing dictator when you can rig votes ... Wait a minute , didn't they learn that from us eight years ago ???? 
thinks e-mail is a fantastic innovation . Too bad it will take another 100 years before we humans actually figure out how to use it effectively . 
: Finally they will fix the big-bang accelerator and we can see if the evil plan to suck the earth into a man-made black hole is to be feared or not ... Can't wait until Autumn . 
: < PROPMALE > Job's new liver isn't working . My 3.0 upgrade broke my iphone . Someone quick fix that liver so he can drive the company to excellence again . 
thinks it takes a real dipstick to crash a metro train . 
is ready to not pass his LEED exam this morning ... But that is just fine if they are going to play word games in order to trip me up instead of actually testing my knowledge ... 
186 ! I tricked those evil bastards . 
... oh no . Compost pile is too wet . Must add carbon . 
... sounds like I'm gonna be Shanghaied next week . Hope the shackles aren't too tight . 
, yep . I guess it was a matter of time , but I've been Shanghaied . They say it is only one week , but I'd heard that one before .... 
ate delicious homemade borrani banjan today . Made he wish I was going to the middle east instead of < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow --- But I know I should be very careful of what I wish ... Dangerous ... 
... I dont get it . Riots in Western < PROPFEMALE > , so the Chinese govt . closes down facebook ???? 
... Crazy small world story : I just bumped into my very good colleuge and friend < PROPMALE > McCartt on the streets of Shanghai ! And I thought he was supposed to be Dubai ! 
wishes the communist party would give me back facebook , and would do something about this humidity . 
, back in Tokyo where the communist party cant block my facebook . 
thinks 28 degrees is just fine . 
thinks everyone should live in a country with mandatory health care before they can make a reasonable judgment on its feasibility and effectiveness . 
would like to thank Shanghai for turning down the heat this time round . Much more pleasant temperature than last trip . 
Conference calls in Chinese are so much fun . Sounds like everyone is fighting on the other side of the line ! 
What is up with the weather forecast here ? Every day rain and thunderstorms predicted , but every day seems like the sun comes out ... 
Its good to see progress with regards to crazy ol ' < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Il . I'm sure in part because we have rid ourselves of crazy ol ' W 
Tokyo -> Los < PROPFEMALE > -> Salt Lake City -> Minneapolis ... Why on earth was this the cheapest flight here ? It certainly must cost the airlines more money to make people do this than if they give you a direct flight ! 
Interesting reunion , but I never found < PROPMALE > Keating to ask if he remembered hitting me in 2nd grade ... 
thinks Lawyers must be elated , as they are no longer of the top three hated list . We have Bankers at number 1 , Politicians at number 2 , and the idiots like < PROPFIRST > the Plumber who don't have allowed the banker and politicians to brainwash them at number 3 . 
... How about we just enslave the doctors and healthcare workers and force them to work for us ? That will fix healthcare costs ... 
thinks Revit put the fun back into Architecture . 
It took Japan only 10 years to get rid of their crook politicians , but the new crooks are the same as the old crooks . They just have a different name . 
The new first lady in Japan has travelled on a UFO to < PROPFEMALE > ! Now that is even better than < PROPFEMALE > Pallin's foreign policy experience of being able to see Russia ! 
... another trip to Singapore , but back in Tokyo by Friday . 
Flight canceled n Singapore , so they sent us to a hotel and then sent us back to the airport when they found a flight to put us on about six hours later . Finally back in Tokyo . 
... Publishers are idiots when they restrict their customers from using legal means to purchase the products they sell ! I tried to order a book from Stanza Books on my iPod and was told there was a \regional restriction\ " ! I also cannot legally get TV programs and movies online in my own language when I live in Japan ! These restrictions are what drive people to illegally download from the internet ! " 
saw the premier of Stargate Universe . Seems off to a good start . 
... ordered \Red Mars\ " and waiting for it to arrive ... " 
is convinced that awarding the Nobel Prize to Obama was a right-wing initiative to help strengthen their argument that he is the left wing media golden-boy who can do no wrong ... This just proves that the world is pitted against the poor right wingers . 
Think about this ... Sure , Goldman are rat-bastards for duping the US govt into bailing out their debt owers and allowing their biggest competitors to fail , and they now have huge profits and are giving fat bonuses . But if we keep bankers from having large bonuses , that results in larger profits to create bigger banks that will increase risk if they fail ! Something more drastic is needed to control these bozos ! 
has recently been wondering why doctors lack an ability to invest in IT solutions and have to rely on the goverment to give them money , while architects who make a mere fraction of what doctors make have had no trouble improving their own IT solutions by paying for $ 10,000 a seat yearly licences for BIM techology from Autodesk ... 
thinks perhaps its best that god quit telling people to blow up airplanes . 
2010 , the year that nothing really happened ... Good-bye . 
so they came out with a new version of M.U.L.E after only 27 years . I told you all that 2010 was going to be a good year . 
iPhone Jailbreak !!! 
calls for the immediate and complete cease and desist of observation of all religious and political holidays , and calls for them to be replaced with scientifically based holidays that can be observed by all the peoples of Earth . 
Back in Tokyo after a quick trip to Amoy ( Xiamen ) . 
I've decided that sensitive people suck . Please grow some thick skin and we will all be better off . 
Squirrel gets daily nebulizer to deal with his clogged nasal passage . He shouldn't have gnawed at his cage so much . 
Is it just me , or did the market just pick up in the last two weeks ? 
... Okay , who started this @ stuff on facebook ? @ has already had its fair amount of time in the limelight , and we should try to give another oddball keyboard < PROPFIRST > a < PROPMALE > at fame ... How about we all start using the carrot ? ^ ( I would have said < PROPFEMALE > (~) , but that is used in Unix speak a lot . ) 
.. too bad we can't just dissolve the congress like they can in other countries . These elected bozos are a bunch of idiots . And while we are at it , we better dissolve the idiots that voted them in , otherwise the idiot Americans will vote them right back in ... 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! 
has rediscovered Hum thanks to shuffle mode on the iPhone ... Space Rock !!! Apparently they are playing a show in Chicago on May 31st --- Who wants to go ? 
... As an < PROPFEMALE > n living in Japan I find myself wondering if I should cheer for the < PROPFEMALE > n/Japanese/ < PROPFEMALE > n skating for < PROPFEMALE > , The Japanese/ < PROPFEMALE > n skating for < PROPFEMALE > , or the Japanese skating for Japan . Since when did the Olympics get so complicated ? 
In glancing the NY Times headlines , I learned that there was a deadly attack on Mars . Upon closer reading , I know understand that it was actually \Deadly Attacks Mar Early Voting in Iraq\ " . I'm glad Mars is still safe . " 
The morning image from the satellite is all blue and green . 
... Government sets standards for education ??? How about first eliminating our arcane school year that allows kids to get back to their farms to help papa with the harvest ??? 
... am I the only one that thinks its ridiculous to give doctors money to fix their medical record IT systems ??? Why can every other industry modernize their IT systems themselves , despite having just a fraction of the amount of profits that doctors get ??? 
Think I'll get a diving license this May at my yearly trip to Saipan ... 
How is it that when the economy gets tight and unemployment rates are at all time highs , in the workforce there seem to be only idiots left ? 
I think it is highly likely that aliens are either too small or too large for us to make contact with . 
... The resistance to a $50 billion bailout fund really makes no sense to me at all ... 
maybe if I had a self-created zooty name proclaiming my greatness then things would be so much different ... 
... let this be a lesson to all those tea party fools : Its not the taxes that were the issue , it was the British . See what they do when you give them access to your shores ? 
?????????? 
Scuba diving at Grotto in Saipan is absolutely amazing . Definitely one of the things that everyone MUST do in their lifetime ! 
slightly dorky ending . 
Okay while we are all thinking about the worst and best series finales ever ... Here is my list of the worst :\ 
1 . Battlestar Galactica\ 
2 . House ( will happen in the future based on the terrible last season end)\ 
3 . Seinfeld\ 
4 . LOST\ 
\ 
Here are the best :\ 
1 . The Shield\ 
2 . M*A*S*H\ 
--- I'm quite confident there are no other shows that had a ending good enough to put on this list . 
... on my way to San < PROPMALE > for a 2-1/2 month project . 
missed the train to mars . 
this place makes me think of the Train Game ... 
Its off to Yosemite after work today ! 
Fabulous 2-day hiking in Yosemite . I saw Coyote , Mule Deer , Acorn Woodpecker , Chickaree ground squirrels , Yellow Bellied Marmot , Black Bear , California Ground Squirrel , < PROPFEMALE > Mantled Ground squirrel and Grey tree squirrels ! 
Who knew that marmots are addicted to anti-freeze ??? How cool is that ? 
kind of suprised ... Watched Penn and Tellers TV show \Bullshit\ " and it was actually quite good . " 
Holy crap , I just learned that the Bush family is actually alien reptilian entities . 
... Been detoured while back in Japan in Hakodate , Hokkaido ... Will now not return to San < PROPMALE > , but instead head for Shanghai for the next four months . At least I will be a bit closer to home . 
Lucky for the guy sitting next to me on the plane to Shanghai , who was smacking his lips the entire 3 hours , that they don't allow scissors on airplanes or I would have cut his fucking lips off his face . 
back in the land of the < PROPFEMALE > blue gumby . 
The amount of development going on in Shanghai makes you really wonder what the US could do if we stopped spending our money on invading other nations ... It is absolutely unbelievable , and you have to see it with your own eyes to really understand it . 
... so glad I was able to thwart the < PROPFEMALE > Great Firewall and maintain my facebook access ! 
Today I had a choice of $ . 10 beer that I could not read the name , $ . 30 Tsingtao beer , or $1.00 Pabst Blue Ribbon . I choose the Tsingtao . 
what is up with this half wearing your shirt business here in Shanghai ? 
... Attention citizens of Shanghai : Your dogs do not need shoes , nor do they like it when you force them to wear shoes . 
Observation for this week : Unilever dominates the consumer goods in Chinese supermarkets . P&G comes in a very distant second . Japanese consumer goods are M.I.A. Not what I would have expected ... 
1 point for Obama , minus 5000 points for < PROPMALE > . What a dipstick . 
There is nothing communist about communist < PROPFEMALE > . 
thinks its a little strange when people have two persons in their profile pics . Then again , my profile pic is a bug and Komatsuna plant , so I guess mine is also two people . 
Oh my god ! Dungeon Master < PROPFIRST > McNaught was on Pen & Teller : Bullshit , debunking the Loch Ness Monster !!! 
Thoughts on Shanghai : Quality is poor and process is worse ( or completely lacking ) , yet they are building up infrastructure and new products and companies at a very quick pace . Much of this is done with little regard to safety or product quality and is criticized as lacking any design sense . \ 
Can the same have been said of Japan in the 1970's , < PROPFEMALE > at the turn of the century , or of Europe before their < PROPFEMALE > age ? 
Masonry bonded with wooden beams is not loosened by an earthquake . ( Sirach 22:16 NAB)\ 
oh really ? It must be a miracle . 
... yeah , its < PROPFEMALE > cake and anti-Japanese demonstration season in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Nice and quiet today for a change . I guess all those moon-cakes make people lay off on honking their damn horns . 
First round of series premiere for the fall season :\ 
Lone Star : has potential , but the first show lacked a good hook --- They may totally draw this out , or it may be good . I'll keep watching ... \ 
The Event : Seems a bit forced to me . I'll keep watching to hope it gets better . \ 
Boardwalk Empire : So far has the best potential to become a really good show . Seems like good complex characters . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , bring on the trade wars --- that always results in a better world . 
If you think your own country is totally f*cked up with propaganda lately , you just need to live in < PROPFEMALE > for a while , where you will learn that there is nothing unique about your home country . 
????? ?????????? 
Rally to Restore Sanity ( or fear) ! 
... Yesterday I saw someone flying a kite in the middle of downtown Shanghai , and today someone was sitting in Starbucks chatting with his group while shaving with his electric shaver . \ 
Would I sound like a prude if I asked \what is wrong with these people \"?" 
Quantitative Easing . Welcome to your new role of being the New-Japan , < PROPFEMALE > . 
So glad to be back in Japan , where the women are beautiful , even if only for the weekend . 
I say we go with the budget reform committee recommendations ... Whats up with all this criticism on both sides of the aisle ??? 
Beijing ... Nice crisp cold air , but first impression is that it stinks more than Shanghai . 
Back in Shanghai ... No more sand colored skys . 
Finally back home in Tokyo , only to leave for Lisboa in a few days ! 
Lisboa ! Off to Villa Moura tonight . 
Lisbon needs a good scrub cleaning . 
-1 in Utrecht . Good to feel a real winter for a change ! 
Back in Tokyo to a balmy 12 degrees C . 
Who needed the metrodome , anyways ? What ? No place for moster car events ???? The world must be ending . 
Back to Shanghai ... with only 6 months of errands still remaining unfinished , and the year-end errands sneaking up on me ... 
Snowing like crazy in Shanghai ... I think we became the pressure relief for all that Minnesota snow . 
mister will you please help me with my pony ? 
Wishing everyone yuletide plesantries . 
Shanghai , extended again , this time to April (?) ... 
Gonna change my name to Hanibal ... Or maybe just < PROPMALE > ... 
