Yup . Just joined Facebook . w00t and stuff . 

Whoa . Is it really Friday already ? Senior year is just zipping by . 
I never thought I'd say this but .... here goes ... Deep breath ... I'm actually looking forward to the Homecoming Dance ! There ! 
Having two simultaneous Chat sessions . Gotta love those face icons . :) 
So , do teenage boys come with instruction manuals , or what ? Because seriously , I feel so dumb for not having figured them out yet . Maybe I just need to lose that extra hundred sixty pounds and become a cheerleader . :P 
Experience is a good teacher . I learned that the hard way . 
Either something amazing happened today , or I'm reading too much into things again . It's probably the latter , but for now , I'm just going to enjoy it . Ah , ignorance is bliss . :) 
Back from Homecoming . How to describe it ? Enchanting ? Wonderful ? Awesomesauce ? A freaking blast ? Yes !!! 
Everyone is entitled to their opinion , no matter how wrong they are . 
I'm not short . I'm just always surrounded by tall people . Yes , there's a difference . 
So , if everybody's unique , and I'm the only normal person , then what does that make me ...? 
* insert poetic lyrics here * 
Yay ! It's Friday ! And that means that tomorrow's Saturday ! And that means that the next day is Sunday ! And the next day- wait ... 
For all the comforting words in the world , you'd think there would be something that could cheer me up . 
You know how some people go shopping to cheer themselves up ? I just tried that ... And what do you know , it worked wonders ! 
Awesome ! I just finished writing a song last night . Not sure what to call it , though ... 
hates nettles . 
A song in your heart , a place in mine . 
has a cough . No pain , no other symptoms . Just coughing all the time . It's annoying . Go away , cough ! 
Okay God , you win . I'm sorry for complaining about my coughing . You can get rid of my fever now ... And the cough , too , if you don't mind ... 
Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . Only one word , no more . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a comment about you . Or not . Whatever . 
Finally named my song , and just sent it out to be published on YouTube ! 
is going to the Craft Boutique in a minute . My arms are still sore from yesterday , but I'm still lifting tables ... 
When life gives you lemons , throw them back , add a rock , and RUN ! 
Itzhak Perlman concert tonight ! I can't wait to see the best in action ! 
< PROPFEMALE > pong balls !? 
Gonna get an eye surgery on Friday . If I'm not back by Saturday ... Just wait longer . :P 
So my ACT score went down from a 32 to a 31 . My response : aww . :P 
The colors of my eyes should be flag colors : white , brown , red . 
If workaholics are addicted to work , then that means alcoholics are addicted to ... alc ? Language weirds me . :P 
That's the trouble with being a leader ... I get to take the blame . 
* insert intensely meaningful song lyrics that somehow apply to my life here * 
I have a question . We have three snow days in a row , which never happens , like , ever . Three days off of school , to catch up on assignments and sleep , and to relax ( which at this time in the year , we need quite a bit ) . And everywhere I look , people are complaining about this ? 
is currently trying to calm down her mom , who's practically foaming at the mouth because I got the Regents Scholarship to UNO . My tuition is now paid in full . :D 
So my sister's online connection was interrupted and she was unable to get a connection . How did I solve this problem ? By going online to look for the answer . Irony ! 
My New Year's Resolution : to come up with a better resolution next year . 
just did rhythm boxing on Wii Fit for twenty-five minutes . Feel the burn ! ( Actually , I don't , but I will tomorrow . ) 
My nomination for Most Unpleasant Sensations : butt-flossing with a guitar string . You do NOT want to know . 
I'm currently taking an AP Calculus course and an AP Government course . The class I'm struggling with the most is Beginning Pottery . Irony ! :P 
The good news : no homework tonight . The bad news : no sleep , either . 
Holy cow , holy cow ! I did it ! I GOT THE < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > SCHOLARSHIP ! I don't have to pay a dime for college ! AAAAHH !!! 
It's been the longest , most exhausting week of the school year and it's still . Only . Wednesday ... I need to bite something . 
Tip for Teachers ( and Parents too ): How about a little positive reinforcement once in a while , huh ? I make mistakes , fine . But when I do something right , I wouldn't mind a < PROPFIRST > on the back . 
Totally DESTROYED my improv audition today ! ... Of course , I mean that in a bad way . :P 
I am SUCH a procrastinator . I've been putting off this status post for two weeks now ... 
So what if I got my but kicked twice in a row afterward ? I beat < PROPMALE > at chess ! WHOOP ! 
I had really important blueprints , and my cat peed on them . They're still intact ... but now they're greenprints . Ba-dum < PROPFEMALE > . 
I went to the Choir Adjudication today . And boy , do they sound fantastic ! Keep up the awesome work , guys ! :D 
One < PROPFIRST > of a true leader is to do what's right , no matter how much crap you're likely to receive for it . We're lucky to have a leader like that . 
Ack ! No ! I don't want to go to sleep yet ! So drowsy ... 
It's hard enough to be a mother . It's even harder to be a single mother , especially with three kids who drag you through hell and back . Ultimately , though , you're a stronger person for it . \ 
\ 
You're welcome , Mom . 
Normally , I can't play first-person shooters . I'm not very good , and I just don't care for them . But throw in some zombies , and I'm in . 
just ate a lemon-bar dipped in baked beans . Yum ! 
I believe in the beauty of simplicity . 
I've finally graduated- I even have the diploma and the blisters to prove it ! 
You can't have an orchestra without a second fiddle . 
just survived a level of Left 4 Dead on Hard mode . And I don't care how many times I got killed ; I still pulled my own weight ! >:) 
is now the proud owner of THE COOLEST CHESS SET I'VE EVER SEEN ! And trust me , I've got , like , five of them ! ... Oh God , I'm such a nerd ... 
Awesome ! It's not too late ! Ahem . HAPPY FATHER'S DAY ! 
I'm thinking of writing a book : Natural Beauty For Dummies . Chapter 1 : Why You'll Probably Never Look Like a Super Model ( And If You Do , See a Doctor ) 
has everything to say , and no idea how to say it . 
I wish my brain had a \silent mode\ " . It will NOT shut up ! " 
I have no reason to be up whis early . But since I am , it's really nice . 
One week before the expiration date , the milk smells EXACTLY like imitation crab meat . Strange ... 
Curse reality . I'm messed up enough without it . 
Happy Fourth of July , everyone ! Have a great time ( and for those of you operating fireworks , be safe , too) ! 
I had somehow forgotten how awesome my family is . Thanks for reminding me , guys ! 
I learned something new today : there's actually a class at UNO for walking and jogging . The prerequisite is crawling . 
Live life for what it is , not what it might be tomorrow . 
Going to see Toy Story 3 today : second time for me , first time for my family . I'm probably the most excited to see it ! 
I haven't had this much fun on Facebook in a long , long time . 
The person I want to talk to most right now is in Iowa with no minutes and no Internet . GAH ! 
Just when I think I'll be okay , just when I think everything's going to work itself out , SMACK ! Reality strikes again , like a freight train to the face . 
Perfection itself has the flaw of unreality . 
just got a free lesson on plagal and deceptive cadences . Fascinating stuff ! 
A day late , but ... Happy One-Year Anniversary Sonic Adventure Abridged ! 
just lost the game . 
Thought for the day . Don't ask what if ; celebrate what is . 
Next week it's just me and my brother , and we're going to smash that writer's block into smithereens ! 
just got caught in the rain . Awesome ! 
Typical . I fire one stray bullet into my friend's face and suddenly I'm the one with issues . So I killed all three of my teammates , took their stuff and cackled madly as I dove head-first into a ring of fire . Who has issues NOW !? \ 
Left 4 Dead is such a great game . :) 
How in the heck did I mistake an \e\ " for a \ " k\ " ? That's a horrible excuse for a typo . At least I learned from my mistawe . " 
\We Got the Beat\ " starts playing in a commercial . \ 
is moving in one week ! 
Another Saturday , come and gone ... Sigh . Time , why must you be such a heartless bitch ? 
I am Megaman . Here's my mega-plan : YOU DIE ! 
thinks Facebook is a great excuse to refer to herself in third person . 
can't tell if it's already Wednesday or only Wednesday . 
Looking back on my summer memories . So far , this may have been the best year of my life- and it's far from over ! :) 
Monday , you can fall apart . Tuesday , Wednesday , break my heart . Thursday doesn't even start . It's Friday , I'm in love . 
YES ! I finally have internet ! Thank you , new computer ! :D 
Are you tired of sleeping regularly ? Don't you just hate having a consistent work schedule ? What is it with people these days , having lives outside of their jobs ? Here at Railcrew Xpress , we'll bend over backwards to make sure you are miserable ! 
Hm ... I can't decide what my status should be , so I'll just type random words . Relax flubber mosquito pizza red spryly . This is actually kind of fun . 
Buttons !? Aw , man , I love buttons ! Beep bop boop beep . 
I did all of my laundry in less than one day , without being reminded or asked to . Wow . If one week of college can change me this much , what'll happen in a school year !? 
The meaning of life : to love many , trust few , and always paddle your own canoe . 
Between my ninja boyfriend , a toilet paper curtain on the door , and a praying mantis chilling in the elevator , yeah , I'd say I had a pretty interesting night . 
Been working on my raspy smoker voice . You know . Just in case . 
\I have some good news ... and some potentially upsetting news . \"" 
I just got either the best birthday gift idea ever or the stupidest . 
I have one word for you : dude . 
has absolutely no sense of direction . 
can already tell this is going to be one hell of a week . In a good way , though . Probably . 
has added one more item to the list of stuff she will someday own : a giant chess set ! 
0_o 
is going to go to Nebraskon . Whoo ! 
How ' bout that ? I broke the hundred friend < PROPFIRST > . Um ... party ? 
Just watched some of < PROPFEMALE > ... Whoa , that was deep , man . 
Talk Like a Pirate Day is over . Now I shall return to being a ninja . 
Hm ... I gotta do a really long Calculus problem tonight . Looks like a good time for a montage ! 
Stamp on the ground ! 
Well , it seems the universe didn't want me to finish that rhetorical analysis . But guess what . I did ! < PROPFEMALE > 1 , Universe 0 . 
Rise and shine , guys ! Today's the day ! The sun is shining , the tank is clean , and we are getting out of- * gasp * The tank is clean . 
SPOON ! 
Three words : Dinosaur Silly Bandz . ^_^ 
< PROPFEMALE > Nut Cheerios + chocolate milk = not as tasty as I remember ... 
I just realized I lost my flash drive . I tore my room apart looking for it . I'm exhausted , and I have to re-type my English assignment before tomorrow . Oddly enough , banging my head against the wall in fury isn't helping . 
When's the last time I had chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast ? Less than an hour ago ! :D 
Raise your hand if you or someone you know has ever kicked a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I have nothing to say . You just wasted your time reading a completely pointless Facebook status ... You're still reading this , aren't you ? 
It's time for another Good Idea Bad Idea . Good Idea : drinking coffee to keep yourself awake . Bad Idea : Drinking hot chocolate to keep yourself awake . 
I'm daring , psychotic , and out of erasers . Time to take a Calculus test ... in pen ! 
I like it on the desk . 
I am now wearing Silly Bandz in the shapes of Spiderman , Wolverine , The Hulk , and Captain < PROPFEMALE > , in that order . Yes , I feel empowered . 
Hm ... Something tells me I should try to do something productive today ... 
Easiest test ever ! Isn't it fun when you can get out of class early ? 
Time for a random and obscure video game reference ! \ 
Player : Hey , guys ? I could really use some help over here . I'm kinda dying right now . \ 
AI : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > baaaawk . 
Ah , friends . Gotta love ' em . :) 
Just gotta say : Animaniacs is still the funniest T.V. show I've ever seen ! 
Six weeks of Calculus homework in four days ? Bring it on , beeyotch ! 
Wait , wait ! Go back ! I didn't get to do nothing this weekend ! 
I'm so tired my eyes are watering , and I'm about to fall asleep right here at the keyboard . I only have to write four more pages . Ugh ... 
As much as I like Taco < PROPFEMALE > ... How do you screw up quesadillas ? I mean , come on ! 
They call me tater salad . 
You and I wake up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours ! 
Somehow , I managed to forget my student ID number , my cell phone number , and my home phone number in less than one minute . Sleep deprivation ? What's that ? 
I just want to have a perfect body without putting forth any effort . Is that really too much to ask ? 
just pwned another programming assignment . Boo yah ! 
Did I enjoy Anime Nebraskon ? Yeah , it was pretty neat . Am I going back next year ? HELLZ YEAH ! :D 
Come on , put on your lederhosen . And try not to step on little Pikachu ! 
Trying to avoid my homework . It's not working . I can't tell if this is a good thing or a bad thing ... 
Oh , drat . I was hoping for a snow day . 
So , basically , my English paper was written very well . Otherwise , it sucks . 
* deep , throaty voice * Let's go to < PROPMALE > E . Cheese . They have the beeest f*cking pizzaaaaaaaaa ... 
Just got a new speaker ... and it has a hat ! :] 
Now , just to clarify : there is no < PROPFEMALE > in the bag . 
My cat stepped on my keyboard , and now my entire screen is up-side down . Win or fail ? 
Good idea : going to IHOP and eating . Bad idea : going there and hopping ... 
Gah ! It's the Chapped Lips of Death ! Why , cruel fate , why ? 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudge . 
Love Facebook ... Hate the surveys . 
Off to take the toughest math test EVER . Hopefully I'll get five sixths of a percent on it . Is there really a pass/fail here ? 
This Facebook status brought to you by boredom ! 
I'm sorry . When can I schedule a time to lose my keys so it's more convenient for YOU ? 
Who likes their own status ? Seriously . That's lame 
I just five-starred Freebird on Hard mode in one try . With minimal use of my pinky . How about THAT for accomplishment !? 
If God had low self-esteem , would that make Him an atheist ? 
What's with these homies dissin ' my girl ? 
I've gotta change my profile picture , since I have a way better hat now . 
Apparently my new friend is allergic to cats . My new friend also happens to be a cat . What's the word I'm looking for ...? Oh , yeah . IRONY ! 
\I can conquer the world with one hand ... as long as you are holding the other . \ " -Anonymous " 
It's always nice to have someone to hug when you need it . But a giant < PROPMALE > bear will do in a pinch . 
It's times like these I'm glad I have a poor sense of smell . 
I am an eighteen-year-old , mature , intelligent , independent woman ... And I miss my < PROPMALE > bear . :( 
Quoted from Kota Bond on the University of Nebraska at Omaha's page : \Never underestimate the immaturity of sleep-deprived college students \"." 
Oh , controversy , my old friend . We reunite at long last . How are you ? I see you're acquainted with Facebook . 
Team < PROPMALE > Bitch ! 
I still do not accept the existence of Hunchback of Notre Dame 2 . There was never a sequel to the book , therefore any sequel to the movie is illegitimate , making me justified in ignoring it an going on with my life without ever having to watch it . 
For the next nine hours or so , my phone will be off , The battery died this morning and I have misplaced my charger . 
It's time to d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-DUEL !!! 
OMG A TALKING MUFFIN ! 0_o 
I wish life had a rewind button ... Or maybe a fast-forward . 
Avada Kedavra ... What a wonderful curse . 
So , I dropped my bowl of ice cream . It landed on its bottom , flipped completely over , then tipped onto its side . Not a drop was spilled . Win ? 
I just drank about 8 or 9 ounces of coffee ... Let's see how this goes . 
I'd say this calls for a celebratory juice box . :) 
Whoever is reading this right now ... TRY NOT TO THINK ABOUT PENGUINS ! \ 
And now we wait . :D 
I just lost the game . 
So yeah . I've never actually sniffed glue . Just throwin ' it out there . 
An actual conversation from earlier today . \ 
Waitress : What would you like to drink ? \ 
Me : Do you have Coke or Pepsi ? \ 
Waitress : Coke . \ 
Me : Then I'd like a water . :P 
By Grabthar's Hammer ... what a savings . 
Sometimes , the only reward for doing the right thing is knowing that you did the right thing . 
Quote of the day : \I swear I will light myself on fire and hug you ! \"" 
Okay , that's it . I'm not going to be ashamed of who I am anymore . I'm done hiding ... Everyone , I have never seen any of the < PROPFEMALE > Wars movies ! 
I have now officially tripled my < PROPFIRST > tee-shirt collection ! How many do I have now ? Three ! :D 
I learned a valuable lesson today : to write a good story , you have to write a story YOU would want to read . 
When you don't know what to say , try listening instead . 
