Finally got the house to myself for a few days !!!! YES !!! 

Just got the girls off to school .... Now I have to do laundry ( I hate laundry ) =( 
finally bedtime ... 
wants to go back to bed 
Can't wait for today to be over ... it's been a very long and stressful day 
The pure ignorance the people have about everything that is going on in Iraq just appauls me . How can people be so completely clueless and still want to run their mouths as though they have any clue what it like . In my opinion unless you have experienced a deployment you have absolutely no right to say anything about what are soldiers are thinking or doing . Or about what is \really\ " going on over there . " 
can't wait till tonight ... FINALLY a night out without all the kids ! 
Thank God for Nyquil ... 
I sooooooo don't want to go ... 2 years is just too long =( 
Now I find out we have to go to Germany for 3 years instead of 2 , this just keeps getting better and better ... wonder what's gonna get sprung on me next . 
taking a break from my cleaning spree ... 
got talked into getting a < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Can't wait ... I get to go out tonight !!! No kids !!! 
I'm so not ready for winter ... 
The girls are all in bed and now I am sooo bored :P 
Laundry , laundry , and more laundry ... what a fun day ! 
Men are like Snowstorms ... You never know when they're coming , how many inches you'll get , or how long it will last . lol 
So tired of men acting like they got themselves neutered ... Grow a pair already !! 
Got 2 sick kids , I'm wondering if they're faking cause of this snow ... 
My 4 yr old is too fearless ... I wish she would get that after you do something and get hurt don't do the same thing again ... 
How is it that little hood rat pieces of trash think they can talk sh*t while I am away but puss out when they got me face to face I am so tired of these little p*ssy games you got something to say to me ... bring it I'm waitin ... 
Can't wait for Friday ... 
Bored .... 
Only 1 month left and I get to see my 2 closest friends !!! I can't wait !!! :) 
Fort Hood Commanding General says 12 dead , 31 injured . Shooter was killed . 2 other suspects in custody . All shooters were soldiers and the shooting took place at the SRP building and at the Theater . This took place at 1:30 this afternoon and is just now coming to a close . Please keep all of those families affected by this tragedy in your thoughts and prayers . 
Making lasagne for < PROPFEMALE>'s B-day party !!! 
I am totally in shock right now !!! I finally got to talk to my best friend from forever ago ... I have missed him soooo much !!! 
I can't wait till Friday !!!!! 
It was really great to get to see Red again ... 6 years is way too long 
COPY THIS ONTO UR STATUS : SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU ! PLEASE COMMENT AND RATE ME :) 1 . crazy 2 . id marry you 3 . talkative 4 . sarcastic 5 . dork 6 . moody 7 . dumb 8 . spoiled 9 . mouthy 10 . random 11 . hot 12 . funny 13 . fit 14 . tough 15 . cute 16 . bff type 17 . quiet 
Only 12 days left and we move back to TX !! I can't wait !! 
We just saw New < PROPFEMALE > and it was frickin AWESOME !!!! 
Leaving in just 8 days ... I still have soooo much to do !!! 
I will be completely honest for 24 hrs ... You can ask one question ( only in my inbox ) any question no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . There is no motive . You have my full honesty . And I dare you ... to put this text as your status and see what you get 
Leaving in the morning ... You guys can still call my cell whenever ... I'm gonna miss all of you :( 
In Texas =) < PROPMALE > is home , and I got to see all my friends down here ... 
Creepy frickin ' people down here ... it's unreal ! 
Bored , bored and bored .... can't wait till Christmas . 
It was soooo nice today ... I really hope this warm weather keeps up 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this . 
?? To Celebrate VALENTINES DAY change your Profile Picture to you and your spouse/significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and Paste this to your profile . ? ? 6 years :) ? ? 
Had some kind of stomach bug all day yesterday ... finally starting to function again ... 
It's snowing !!! Never know what TX will throw at ya . 
Soooo tired ... I wish the girls would sleep in past 6:30 
Is having a really rough day =( 
< PROPFEMALE > is doing really good . we are almost done with the antibiotics and she is acting like herself again ... I'm so glad that she was able to get through all of this ... I was so scared for her ... Thank you all for your concern . 
Missing my friends back in MN 
missing my friends back in MN 
is very frustrated with our property management ... gotta love being the complex scapegoat .... I have to wonder , is wanting everyone to be treated fairly and having everyone have a safe home really such a bad thing ???? 
FINALLY got my air fixed WOOOOO HOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!! 
We are getting new windows !!!!!! Only three :( but definately better then none ... 
I can't believe my parents already have to go back home in the morning ... :( 
Waitin for the girls to get out of school ... It's been a really long day ! 
OINK ! 
about to start the weekend with good friends and good drinks ... =) 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , you're slightly mental at times , you can't keep a secret , your house is a mess , or your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . RE-POST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend 
My Birthday can't come soon enough ! 2 whole months left ! Wish it was tomorrow ... 
Well I finally went to the Dr. And he gave me 4 meds to try and if that doesn't work by the end of the month they want to put a camera down my throat 2 check if I have an ulcer ... He said I need 2 avoid stress lol like that's gonna happen livin in these apartments ! 
Waitin on the kiddos to get out of school ... Ca't wait for the weekend , this is gonna b a long week ... And I can't believe that our management is at it again ! Sooo can't wait to move out of this DEATH TRAP !! 
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young , compassionate with the aged , sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong . Because someday in life you will have been all of these . 
The truth that many people never understand , until it is too late , is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt . 
Can't wait untill next weekend !!!! Tubing the < PROPFIRST > River with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > .... gonna get nice and toasty !! 
Click ' LIKE ' if we have ever had a drink together ! ( see how many I can get ? )COPY to your status see how many you get !! 
Had an awsome day today , went shopping with my \bestie\ " ! And for tonight .... drinkin with the neighbors and celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday =) " 
Life is full of beauty . Notice it . Notice the bumble < PROPFEMALE > , the small child , and the smiling faces . Smell the rain , and feel the wind . Live your life to the fullest potential , and fight for your dreams . 
This is my wish : Comfort on difficult days , smiles when sadness intrudes , rainbows to follow the clouds , laughter to kiss my lips , sunsets to warm my heart , hugs when spirits sag , beauty for my eyes to see , friendships to brighten my being , faith so that I can believe , confidence for when I have doubt , courage to know myself , < PROPFEMALE > to accept the truth , Love to complete my life . 
MAN !! Who knew finding a job was so frickin HARD ?!? 
Totally ready 4 this weekend ! New dress , 2 6packs of down home punch , skittles vodka , 250 gummy bears and only 25 hours till we leave ! WOO HOO ! 
The management here is horrible ! Management has an overall disregaurd for any of the residents here . The main issue is with the office manager < PROPFIRST > Rance who has been seen photographing our 12 year old daughter without any just cause or intended purpose in doing so . When we went to inquire as to the reason behind him taking inappropriate pictures our daughter he refused to speak with us . 
Tough girls come from New York . Sweetgirls , they're from Alabama . But Minnesota girls , we have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride four-wheelers , be a debutante , throw left hooks , and hunt with the boys , all while wearing shorts and winter coats in the same week ! And lord knows if we have an opinion , YOU ARE GOING TO HEAR IT ! Repost if you're a TRUE Minnesota girl . ? ? * THIS IS TOTALLY TRUE !! :) * 
Learn to get in touch with silence within yourself , and know that everything in this life has purpose . There are no mistakes , no coincidences , all events are blessings given to us to learn from 
It has been such a looong day ! And it's not even half way over :O I started babysitting and man oh man is it trying !!! 
Today you are you , that is truer than true . \ 
There is no one alive who is youer than you . 
Trouble is part of your life — if you don't share it , you don't give the person who loves you a < PROPMALE > to love you enough . 
In the end , < PROPFEMALE > will be a bigger bitch than I'll ever need to be . 
We had an awsome weekend camping with a few of our neighbors ... so much fun that we're going back for round 2 this weekend . But this time we are staying all weekend ... This week can't go by fast enough . 
For everything you have missed , You have gained something else ; And for everything you gain , You lose something else . It is about your outlook towards life , You can either regret or rejoice . 
Thank you so much to everyone for all the Birthday wishes !!! I had a great one ! We spent the day at Sea World and it was amazing !! 
Hoping that things turn around for all of my friends gowing through a rough patch right now ... My prayers are with you all . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan-24 , gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > Allen-23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley-29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert-29 , Justus Bartett-27 , < PROPMALE > Santos-21 , < PROPMALE > Stanley-21 , < PROPFIRST > Reed-26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson-21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher-24 , < PROPFIRST > King-23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke-23 , ...... and < PROPMALE > Tate-27 ... all ga ... ve their lives for you this week in military service . Honor THEM by reposting this !! 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is akeepsake , from which I'll never part .... God has you in his arms .. I have you in my heart .. Re-post if you love someone in heaven 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . 
We found a 6 bedroom , 4 bathroom house on 2 1/2 acres !!! Only 1 grand a month ! I can't wait to get out of this crappy apartment !!! 
This is dedicated\ 
all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , \ 
Salon haircuts for ponytails , Long showers for quick showers , Late\ 
nights for early mornings , Designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't\ 
change a thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms , who don't\ 
care about whatever they gave up , instead , LOVE what they get in\ 
return . Repost if you're a mom and you love your kids .. 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO \ 
THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , \ 
WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up saying this every morning \ 
in school-it's a shame we no longer do that for fear \ 
.... of .... offending ... someone ) , ... NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY ... < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST AND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE !!!! 
Not sure if moving is the best idea atleast not right now ... maybe it's just my nerves but I can't quite shake the feeling that maybe now is not the best time for us ... Even though getting out of this death trap is ideal ! 
had a great day today with the neighbors out at Salado Creek ! 
Well < PROPMALE>' 1st SG has thoroughly pissed me off this time ! Like putting up with this guys I'm right f*ck everyone attitude isn't enough ! Hey yeah let's go and f*ck with the families !! Wrong move < PROPMALE > , wrong move ! C ur * ss in the morning !!! 
Fixin up the girl's rooms making them a little bit more \girly\ " for them ... got them a bunch of cute pictures for only $1.50 each and they love them ! Still waiting on < PROPMALE > to get < PROPFEMALE>'s bed together then we can finish up for today ... I'm so glad he's home for a few weeks ! It's been a while since we've been able to actually spend a significant amount of time together . " 
Tryin out my new Ice tea brewer that < PROPFEMALE > recommended ... Hopefully it will turn out as good as hers ... 
It's husbands week ! If you have a husband who makes your life interesting ( lol yep ! ) and fun ( check ) , is your best friend(check ) , who has been with you thru thick and thin(check check ) , who has been a blessing in your life ( yep ) and who you are proud to be married to(check ) , then copy and paste this to your profile , be sure to post how many years you've been married ... 6 years !! Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ? 
You will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love . 
roses are red , violets are blue , i have 5 fingers , & the middle one's for you 
Love is much like a wild < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
beautiful and calm , but willing\ 
to draw blood in its defense . 
Give me a bottle , and a mother f'ing cup ... 
Not all scars show , not all wounds heal . Sometimes you can't always see , the pain someone feels . 
got the girls to bed and now I get to relax with < PROPFEMALE > for a while while I wait for < PROPMALE > to call . 
Behind my smile is everything you'll never understand . 
Words hurt more than anything else can , because they last , sometimes forever . 
just want to crawl into bed for the night ... it's been 1 of those days today . 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friends list ? Here's a task for you . I want all of my FB friends to comment on this status with how you met me . After you comment , copy and paste into your status so I can do the same for you . 
waiting for the girls to get out of school then going to the park . 
If love is blind , why is lingerie so popular ? 
going out to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > in a little bit , then it's off to get the girls from school . 
Just a little bit more cleaning to get done and then off to get the girls . 
The best relationship is not the one that brings together perfect people , but the best is when each individual learns to live with the imperfections of others and can admire the other person's good qualities . 
Feelin kinda sad this morning ... found out our friends are moving ... =( 
laundry , laundry , and more laundry ... 
Just got home ... We had a great day with < PROPFIRST > ! I can't wait till the next time we get to go ! 
Well , < PROPMALE > finally got to come home from the field today ... only for an hour or two though ... some people really know how to ruin a good night . 
< PROPFEMALE > had a great Birthday party today at the park ... but now Mom and Dad are both exhausted and so ready for bed . 
Same old b.s. as always ... just wondering when things start going our way for a change ... 
oh great ! just saw the psycho b**** ! just yet one more thing I have to deal with ! 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > !!! Our baby is officialy a toddler now !! I can't believe she's already 2 !!! 
bet no one \ 
can answer all the questions right . First name___ middle name___ last name__ \ 
birthday__ age__ eyecolor__nickname__favorite color__bestfriend(girl)__ \ 
bestfriend(boy)__ favorite food_ . 
Never knowing who you can truly trust is so frustrating at times ... but I guess if you listen to your gut you can't go wrong ... if the signs are there of someone being untrustworthy pay attention to them . 
Do not mistake my tears for weakness ... because in truth my tears are the only thing keeping me from going psycho b **** on you and beating your a** !!!! 
waiting on the girls to get out of school then it's off to the park ... hope the psycho b **** isn't there ! don't know that I can keep my cool much longer . 
At 3 Years old : my mom is the best 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years old : Mom whatever .. 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 years old : I wanna leave this house . 35 years old : I wanna go back to my mom's house . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 years old : I would give up everything for my mom to .. be here with me . Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom (: 
To love is to suffer . To avoid suffering one must not love . But then one suffers from not loving . Therefore to love is to suffer , not to love is to suffer . To suffer is to suffer . To be happy is to love . To be happy then is to suffer . But suffering makes one unhappy . Therefore , to be unhappy one must love , or love to suffer , or suffer from too much happiness 
Men say they don't trust anything that bleeds for 5 days and doesn't die , well I don't trust anything with 2 heads and only 1 brain ! 
Change your FB profile to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Dec . 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
2010 is almost over , so like this status if ive made you smile this year ! Then set this as your status . Youll be surprised how many people have smiled because of you . ? 
Had a great day today !! 
I have a feeling today is going to be a long one ... I really hope that < PROPMALE > will be home at a decent time tonight too ! 
Well , sprained my wrist =( My motorcycle ride really was eventfull ! lol 
I think we should terrorize the terrorists .... drop a million pigs , alive and some cooked out of airplanes to them this Christmas ..... let them just parachute in ever so gracefully and listen to CNN talk of the atrocities of defilement .... hurt feelins and all ..... 
We made it through Christmas ... a good time for all ! had a great dinner with great friends . The girls all got spoiled rotten ... again . Hope everyone else had a great Christmas too ! 
Well , we have a busy week ahead of us this week . < PROPFEMALE > has her appointment with the bone specialist on Wednesday to see what we do for her scoliosis , grocery shopping , putting away Christmas stuff and packing some more stuff ... 
Sometimes when you sit alone thoughts of the past have way of sneaking up on you in a most unsettling way .... I so wish < PROPMALE > were here ... =( 
People who need a foot up their butt affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their butt , except a foot up their butt . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their butt too . Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their butt 
I just got a surprise phone call from my Hubby ! Totally made my night better ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! =) 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... and 4 words is hard ! 
Let's see how Creative my Face book friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun !!! Woohoo this should be fun ! 
The pug is living proof that God has a sense of humor . 
Do I work ? Yes , I work . 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I'm a MOM . I am a cook , a cleaner , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur and a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or any days off . I work through the DAY and NIGHT . I am on call at ALL hours . Tell me your job is harder than mine . Post if you are a proud MOM 
Just watched < PROPMALE>'s Law and it was frickin AWESOME ! Probably the best tv show I have seen in a long time ! 
OMG ! I can't stand ignorant people ! 
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven . 
American Homeless go without eating . American Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill Americans go without treatment . United States Troops go without proper equipment . United States Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! to my smart and beautiful teenager , < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you ! 
laundry ... check , floors ... check , bathrooms ... check , kitchen ... check , bedrooms ... triple check , now time to relax and do absolutely nothing ! 
< PROPMALE > is finally home and now I am super happy once again ! 
I'm slow to trust , but I'm quick to love . I wish too hard , and I give too much . I'm not saying im perfect , but I promise I'm worth it . 
