they say its good luck to hold money at 12 , so u think if i was making money at 12 that counts , cause i had to make a sandwhich at 12 and i cant do both ... happy new year everyone , im hoping this one is better then the last 

i am so missing someone , and he is missing me but why doesnt that make me feel better ? 
wide awake at four a . m . damn the third shift !!! 
so its official ladies my older brother tied the knot , yall had ur < PROPMALE > but this chic snagged him . it was a good time wish i woulda remembered my camera . 
wooowhooo two days off in a row ! yet i have nothing to do 
i wonder all the time where i'd be if i woulda graduated from girls high , even though shcool suks and i so use the knowledge of all the el stops in order by heart way more then mr. v's world history 
< PROPFIRST > is leaving tonite , he wears my < PROPFEMALE > , i cant wait for tues . nite all week 
off to the prison this morning and then work at 11pm tonite so i guess ill nap at like 6 its gonna be a long day for me 
yea , my wednesday didnt end yet , still gotta get the kids to school and walk up to pay my rent which is sooo freakin late . o well , truck em ' 
ummm whoever did the dishes , thankyou < PROPFEMALE > freakin much i was gonna do them when i came home from work but i didnt have to , woo whooo cuz my hands were already pruny from the dishes at work 
who wants a cat ? shes fat lazy but can catch a mouse , o n highly fertile so if u like kittens i gotta factory over here 4 u 
umm i think its friday ... but im not really sure cuz i swear yesterday was wednesday , lol , im not going to sleep yet , gotta get my visit in after the boys go to school , damn imma old lady 
ok so to clear this up , if anyone remembers how dumb in love i was with that kid < PROPFIRST > , can i just say that wasn't shit compared to how i feel about Shy , hence y i pick waiting for 5 hours to see him over going to bed when i havent slept more then 4 hours at a time since tuesday . 
one more day of work or should i say nite then im off !! woo whoooo , thankyou u brit for kidnapping my son and taking him with u cause im about to go sleep and enjy this empty house 
just got infrom work and whois at the door to greet me ? mr. < PROPFIRST > , he'salovely little boy hereally is but i am tired and indesperate need of a full body massage , imma try to get him to lay down with me , yea right 
dinner at < PROPFIRST>'s was sooo good and my kid slept the whole time , well tillshesaid how great he was then he woke up crying for ten minutes straight , wonder what she's making tonite ??? lol 
really i just do not like people , no particular kind just all of em , i'm a firm believer in what goes around comes around , but sometimes i run out of < PROPFEMALE > and take < PROPFEMALE > into my own hands , now if i can just figure outta way to really get away with murder ........... 
going to jail ... wooowhoooo ..... kids r probly going to my moms tonite ... double wooowhooo , no i love them tons just need to get sleep before i go back to work tonite .... and gobble gobble ill be alll alone on thanksgiving , that i can b thankful for ! 
long ass night , but half way through my hero of the day brought me some happiness , and now all is well , i think i pissed some people off at work but oh well their fault , you're supposed to hit up the diner after u go get drunk not freakin wawa , there are starving waitresses out there ... 
is so tired , soon as i came in the house i started cleaning it , i mean my hoodie was still on and all , < PROPFIRST > is coming home later so imma be catching up on zzz's til then 
never enough sleep i need like 5 more hours in my day , then i could do everything 
booo my holiday is gonna suck this year , i feel like a scumbag cuase i know my kids deserve a better christmas then i can give them 
worked second shift yesterday like a normal person and slept relatively well so im all hype this morning and im sure the coffee wont slow me down now if only i could wanna do the wash , cause energy or not it doesnt look like fun ! 
woooowhooo pix !! there are for you cause i love my hoes 
im tryin to focus on the smiles and laughs , but the weight on my shoulders is more then i can ignore sometimes i been handling it ok im just hoping my back dont give out , its gettin darker 
i dont know man i try and try but some how im always the bad guy , i guess you can call me < PROPFIRST > from now on cuz im the bad guy and im grrrrreat at it apparently 
i am < PROPFEMALE > oo in love , with my bed so if u need me thats where ill b till the little monster comes home , one and a half more shifts to go then i get a day off too bad its a sunday cause i < PROPFEMALE > need to get plucked up , o n if u kno how to stop the throbbin pain in my neck back n leg fill me in , ill try w/e 
i miss my man like crazy , im going through affection withdrawl , and i sooo miss being the < PROPFEMALE > and not the maid , its hard to keep ur crawn around here without the < PROPMALE > to back u up , i need a step stool so these kids can do their own dishes , my hands are peeling from all the dishes i do . :( 
im home im off and im tired , one day off at a time is a tease , i have to spend most of it cleaning :p not far im going to sleep before i throw a tantrum , nite fb 
heres a suggestion use it in ur life as u see fit .... when someone does something nice for u for no reason just love , u should try to pay it forward , cause < PROPFEMALE > is a bish , n i cant b friends with someone who wouldnt , theres just no room for u , live n learn i guess 
fried chicken , scalloped potatoes and corn ... im stuffed , two more loads of wash and ill be done all my chores for the day , wooowhooo 
oh yeah i have an annoucement , as i discovered when i sined in to facebook this afternoon , my room mate is moving out on tues so i will b a ghost on facebook since this is her laptop , im glad i caught up with everyone , so if u wanna k.i.t. just message me n ill give u my number but hey now i wont have to pay the internet < PROPMALE > so u win some u lose some right 
stay tuned folks i might be leaving fb but im thinking a hot girls of girls high reunion party at my house , very soon so ill b callin ya if i got ur number and if i dont ill make sure the word gets out k love ya chickies , i really do , it was nice to b here n remind myself of a simpler time 
well today is the day folks , im thinking i need a ride to rent a center , im gonna get the kids to school and go to sleep for a little bit , but im tryin to go get a computer so if anyone is headed that way after 1 pm let me kno , ill miss yall much luv , much 
guess who's back ..... i just couldnt go without my chicas so glad to be here with yall 
well my week of having four kids is over shortly , u would think another 7 year old wouldnt b so bad right ? well i'll just say this , after this week i need a 14 day stay at good ol friends hospital just to return to the level of insanity i was at before he got here 
ok im kinda freaking out , if one more person asks me if i am ready for christmas , no i am not , i have rent n bills to pay i will not b ready for christmas till christmas < PROPFEMALE > , i kno i suck as a mom , please dont make me feel any more guilty , i have the best kids in the world and i just cant give them what they deserve but im killing myself tryin , that counts right ??? 
im workin second instead of third , yay for my bed all nite !! i def called out last nite tho , o well i needed the break even tho i wasted it by sleeping on the couch all nite . report cards today , im not worried they get their brains from me , so we r good , and shopping this weekend i cant wait to spend money on something besides the effin bills !! 
good morning fb . im back and awake , counting downm til the kids leave tomorrow , i so need this break , but i got work all week , o well cant win them all 
ok so i need some advice , i need another job and hopefully it will b during normal buisness hours , so who knows a good baby sitter or daycare that wont make it pointless for me to work after they get paid ??????? plz dnt tell me imma b stuck working the graveyard shift til he is in school ill go crazy from sleep depervation ( i kno thats not spelled right ) 
hello again pertty ladies ( i spelled it like that on purpose people ) my bad for being mia i was busy being verbally assaulted at work on third and chasing kids around all day at home , damn kid broke the wireless keyboard n mouse and christmas broke my pockets , but i've rebounded well 
went to dinner and then to have drinks , it was an awesome night but today im sad and confused i wish your heart came with directions cause if i had a map i wouldnt b lost , n the worst thing to me is not knowing where u r going 
can u fall out of love with someone and in love with someone else ? or am i just falling out of love and tryin to fill that space , im so confused i could cry 
im just letting it all sink in , being spoiled for once feels good , i dont wanna get used to it but a girl can have her dessert , my smile has never been bigger , even when i got cussed out again at work i just closed my eyes saw his face and smiled , f.y.i. i have been with out herbal remedies for like almost a month n i think im getting used to it 
if anyone needs a good laugh and has a good sense of humor go to stuffwhitepeoplelike.com that < PROPFEMALE > is hilarious 
in the last 5 minutes my child has managed to tear up the entire downstairs and since ive been up for more then a day straight i am not really tryin to fix it , coffee is my friend but im out of french vanilla creamer , o boy this is gonna be a lonnnnnnggggg day , p.s. plz dnt say ur tired till uve spent 36 hours awake half at ur job n the other half tending to a monster size 3 yr old 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . ( 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this ) 
ok , jasons dad was dating this chic , me n him barely speak other then im dropping him off or hes picking him up , n she says she cant see him anymore cuz she feels like shes second to me , smells like bullshit to me little girls tryin to be grown = my biggest pet peeve 
two kids out at 8:20 am , one left , he's gone by 8:50 , i'll b back in the house by 9:20 , sleep till 11:50 am then get two kids back at 12:09 , take a nap til 4 pm , ish so thats a total of like 6 hours of sleep if i can fall rite to sleep that is , 2 more then yesterday tho !!! wooowhoooo 
<<< is so glad the baby got up on his own , cause i woulda felt guilty about waking him up to take him to his dad's , i was gonna do it anyway but i woulda still felt guilty 
is beat i have this crazy pain in my back my neck is sore as shit and i still have to work tonite and tomorrow nite i swear it feels like i have been working for 5 days straight already im taking the kids to school and getting a nice hot bath 
i definetly had the worst day ever , well not ever but the worst in a while , but for a change the guys in my life ( the twins , my lil bro , and my crush ) did the best they could to make it better and because of that i can smile 
if something does'nt kill you it only makes you stronger is an accurate assumption then i could < PROPFEMALE > all the people on my friend list at the same time , therefore , if you need help moving just tell me where you want your house , and i got you 
i personally had a great weekend thanks to my sister , got wasted at the bar laughed at the drunk cops and < PROPMALE > out with this sexy guy for the last two days straight , im sad he had to go to work tonite n leave me but thats one of the reasons i think hes sexy , imagine that i really am attracted to a responsible guy for once and not a dirt bag i must b growing up 
blah , and that about sums it up , im over this day and its only 1030am my child is determined to push any and every button i have i am not gonna let him tho i'm gonna drown my grumpiness with food all day long 
coffee makes everything better , its not a new addiction but it has intensified since i gave up the last addiction , i think if i had to go a whole day with out my coffee i wouldnt get out of bed ever and the headache that i would get would be right up there with contractions 
so this sexy white guy made me a delicious dinner last nite , and he did all the dishes when we were done , i didnt sleep last nite for some reason ... back to work 2nite , whoopie , at least its only 3 days this wk and < PROPFIRST > will b gone in a hr so when i come home in the morning its sleep for me til the boys r done school , if any1 sees my babydad smack him for never being on time to get his evil child , < PROPMALE > in advance 
it is ones own responsibility to make themselves happy , if you dont smile today , you can only blame that on yourself , please dont complain about how miserable you are unless you are fully aware that ur making urself that way 
warning to all mom's of school age children : there are lil monsters in ur childs school , they take their pencils and u will have to spend 5.00 a week on more , i kno this must b an epidemic cuz i got 2 kids in 2 diff classes n they never have pencils !!!! im so sick of sharpening 
The most beautiful , amazing , life touching girl-woman you will ever meet on this planet . Or any other planet , or universe , or galaxy . Ever . *** i swear to god thats what it says when i look up my name n i gotta say i agree completely 
i am finding it very hard not to tell people to stfu , i think i shoulda thought more about who i accepted as my friend on facebook , not everyone wants to hear my opinion and me not giving them it is as hard as not smoking a newport after dinner , i might delay it for a few minutes but its gonna happen 
taking a smoke break , i have 1 hour and twenty < PROPFEMALE > . to clean the bathroom , straighten the bedroom , vacuum the floors upstairs , and rearrange the babys room , so far ive cleaned the entire kitchen , the living room , done the dishes , filled 2 bags of trash ( idk where it was hiding ) , and seperated the last 3 loads of wash , im being highly productive for starting at 11 a.m. 
living cleaned , dining rm clean , kitchen shiny , bedroom 1 and 2 clean and clean , bathroom spotless , one load of wash down two loads left , make some dinner , and my full day of being my own wonderful house wife is complete , if iwas gay i'd clone me and marry me 
n im off ... first to drop something off .. then to center city register for this ged test so i can take that next week and get a city job and not be stressed out about how im gonna buy my kids some new shoes .. i hope today is as productive as yesterday .. then i can feel good about myself while im snowed in feeding my face all weekend 
dun dun dunnnnnn , ged tests scheduled !!! mayb now ill get off this tredmill i call my life and start going forward finally , im feeling extra good about myself today i think i might eat some icecream to celebrate 
i made a delicious breakfast , but i really need a coffee and i do not wanna walk to dunkin donuts in this crap , if i dont go tho imma have a headache all day . hmmm ... who can i make go get me coffee ???? 
ahhh , snow days , i decided im not even gonna look at the house until the kids r in bed , its nearly impossible to keep it clean with the three of them running around , i cant wait for tomorrow nite 
silence isnt just < PROPFEMALE > .. the twins r playin in the snow , < PROPFIRST > is down for a nap n the only sound i can hear is the refrigerator running , i m at peace 
and the goodness keeps rollin in , paid three bills today , gettin rid of < PROPFIRST > extra early tomorrow , thankgod one dad is taking care of his kid , i dont kno what else could make this a better day 
im a fan of talking to the wall , cause i swear i can so do without the dumb-ass repsonses i've been getting from actually talking to people . 
its a good day for a penguin !! or a polar bear ! or < PROPFIRST > who has been outside playin for like an hour , his brother abandoned him after the first twenty minutes 
see i dint mind the snow until i just read that it has caused yet another day off from school !!!!!!! now im pissed like the rest of u 
im bout to drunk some malibu straight up cuz there isnt enough to get me drunk if i mix it , then mayb ill b drunk enough to not care how bored i am , its not like if it wasn't snowing i wouldn't still b in the house , but at least i'd have a choice if there wasnt 6 foot right out front of my door , i need cards ! 
thank goodness for twisted tea and the corner store that had cards , or else i wouldnt have made it through the night , what i could have done without is the next orr neighbor being lazy n not shoveling his car out b4 he tried to drive down the st. getting stuck in the snow n flooring the gas for 20 minutes straight at 9:30 a.m. gotta love stupidity hope his car is broke 
partied last night , party tonite , tryin to catch up while the kiddies r away 
enjoying my valentines weekend at least it didnt snow ... yet ... im hoping there is school tuesday tho cuz i cant take another snow day 
is freakin bored , the kids are in bed , i did all the cleaning im bout to do and theres nothing on t.v. 
i am wondering y people friend request me on facebook , but in real life they know we dont even like eachother , people must just be bored , i hope they really don't expect me to accept them , i dont care if my friend list has 2 people on it im not worried about winning the facebook popularity contest 
another lonely night in the house , this shit is getting old 
i will be stronger , wiser , tougher , harder . i will move faster , go further , and never stop . i will b kinder , more thoughtful , but harder to please , i will b the best me that i can be . 
i kno i shouldn't hold hate in my heart , what i don't kno is how do i let it go ? how do i just get rid of it completely n dont say forgive cuz i dont think i can , but please if u have any bright ideas fill me in 
i feel like starting trouble , or ending trouble , i should probly just keep my mouth shut , n my fingers still , but hurting mean people's feelings is my calling in life .... decisions , decisions ..... 
i told my kids last nite , they werent going to school today , even though everywhere i looked they had no posted a snow day for philly schools , i was sure when i got up that they hadn't closed school , guess my prediction was right tho , at least i dont have to write an absence note 
i didnt drink last night , i went swimming in it lol n boy did i pay for it today , theres a reason why i stopped doing shots , n i remember it now 
i used all of today's < PROPFEMALE > yesterday , i woke up this morning on a rampage and the is no end in sight , im not apologizing for how i feel anymore and honestly i am not sure i can restrain myself any longer , u dont have to tiptoe around me , just kno that if you're gonna act like a < PROPMALE > , im fully prepared to tell u what u are doing and i have suggestions on how u can stop 
3 down two to go , cant wait til next wednesday so my doctor can tell me the hospital was wrong about my back , although the muscle relaxers they prescribed are delicious , not sure if they are working but its takin twice as long as it usually does to type 
i tried to wait for the laundry < PROPFEMALE > to come but she keeps standing me up , effin bitch , im not taking none of my meds till its done cuz it would be pointless 
of course the boys are sick , if the temp goes up more then 5 degrees they get a cold , now if i can just keep < PROPFIRST > away from their germs that would b a miracle 
todays lesson , check the broiler for cans of tuna before using the oven , < PROPFIRST > musta put a can of tuna in the broiler the other day , and ten minutes after i take dinner out of the oven there was an explosion in my kitchen , tuna fish on the wall to the left n right all over the broiler n the inside of the oven , i was just glad it was something i could clean up n not the whole oven blowing up 
my almost three yr old monster weighs 38lbs . n he is 3'3 . 5 inches tall , if u look at me n wonder how the hell im so skinny , just keep in mind that im lugging that kid around all day long , my biceps are ridiculous i should be a body builder 
o0o0ops i fell asleep , thats gonna hurt me later tonite , and i have to get up early tomorrow 
four down , one more to go , it's too easy , my boys are so grown up , they make me so proud everyday , i have to think of a good ( cheap ) way to show them how awesome i think they are ... hmmmm ......... 
i am in desperate need of a girls night out , maybe then i could dance this funk im in right out of me , if i get anymore desperate i'll be going out all by myself , and b the crazy alone chic in the middle of the dance floor and dance like a retard on purpose , cause noone who knows me can see ! 
went to < PROPMALE > e cheese's for < PROPFIRST > bday , i must say its a dangerous thing to do with 3 hours of sleep , but he had a ball , looking forward to bed time , just gotta get through dinner , baths , and that o so long wait til there is silence in my home , 9 p.m. where r u ??? 
something's missing , i feel unfullfilled , there's an emptiness and i'm not sure how to fill it , or what would fill it , but i have known this feeling for far too long 
the decisions that a person makes do not accuratley define the person themselves , more accurately they define the situations that person has been in .... 
My baby will be three tomorrow , they say they grow up so fast , but these last three years have been the longest , I'm not complaining because I know I will miss this when he's older . Damn I am old . 
happy birthday to my baby , < PROPFIRST > is three , there were a couple days when i didnt think he or I would make it to the next day , but here we are 3 years later and I'm so proud of him 
really , if i have to be mean to you , so that you're nice to me , i don't have a problem with that at all ... as long as you are aware of how screwed up you really are 
i will have a good day today , i am going to get things accomplished , and i am going to smile n sing n dance while i'm doing it 
attention : proceed with caution , <------- hazardous waste , falling rocks , dangersous road ahead , can crush u and leave u smushed on the highway 
another day of chores !! yay ! at least the sun is shining , cant not smile when its beautiful outside 
one kid came home then 2 kids left , now its just me n my lil monster 
lookin forward to a quiet night in the house with < PROPFIRST > , peace n quiet n lotsa choclate milk 
wooowhoooo , < PROPFEMALE > day , taking the baby to the beach !!!! , sand and sun here we come !!!! 
it blows my mind how certain people can tell my mood or my thoughts but the tone in my voice , even when im faking , or the sound of my sigh when im trying to b silent , but other people couldn't tell even when i am trying to explain it to them with words 
too tired to do anything , i feel < PROPMALE > over n i haven't had a drink in weeks 
i must be a rock < PROPFEMALE > if i haven't been around in atleast a year but people kno all about my life , i must be in the tabloids somewhere , i'll give yall a hard < PROPFEMALE > t on the next headline , < PROPFEMALE > reminds bitches they can still get dropped 
is at that point , where she has kept so much in that the only way to let it out is crying .. i don't wanna be angry anymore .. i dont wanna feel hurt .. i just wanna feel better when i get up tomorrow , but i dont see that happening 
had to check myself this morning , im a bad bitch and it's easy to forget sometimes when so many things are tryin to pull you down , but i am me and if u cant handle it just step aside and get outta my way 
account ; edit friends ; click the x ; if ur reading this then ur not a hater or someone who is speakin on shit they dont kno about , its sad when you think you know someone and you consider them a friend only to find that when ur back is turned they are just a regular hatin ass ho with no life so they must concern themselves with yours , sorry < PROPFEMALE > but you had to go 
says laugh loudly , love truly , kiss slowly , look sexy and talk dirty ... 
Women burn an average of 27 calories during an orgasm , Faking an orgasm burns 160 calories . so that's how i've kept the weight off all these years 
im smiling and im speechless ..... 
would it be completely narcissistic for me to make myself a birthday cake ? 
' s birthday is 2 morow , warn the cops . hide your children and get out the shot glasses bitches ! 
seriously you guys rock , it was awesome to wake up to a wall full of birthday love , thankyou !!!! i will be celebrating all week , and the party doesn't really start till tuesday when my children disperse !!!! i make 27 look fan-freakin-tastic 
i got carded for drinks at 27 !!!!!! that waitress was earning her tip !!! 
let the countdown begin ; 1 kid gone in about an hour and the other 2 are leaving at 5 pm ; my drink and my two step will be ready 
freedom freedom freedom 
says \When you're having a bad day remember - It takes 42 muscles to frown and only 4 to extend your arm and smack the asshole in the mouth\ " hahahaha its so true i had to post it " 
writing ; 76 th percentile in the us , reading ; 98th percentile in the us , science ; 99th percentile , and social studies ; 98th percentile , according to regulations i already have enough points for my ged , as long as i score at least 410 points on math ( the lowest points allowed to pass ) i will have my good enough diploma very very shortly 
My alarm clock is 3 ft tall and sounds like this , \ Mommy !! Mommy wake up !! Mommy !! Wake Up !! \ " Too bad there is no snooze button ! " 
likes coffee like she likes her men - Hot , steamy , large , strong , satisfying and first thing in the morning ! happy easter , the < PROPFEMALE > was up late last night 
it's funny cause they must be thinking i'm sweating them , please baby take a number , you know how many times my phone rings all day , i'm not missing anything in my life , you came looking for me so you must be missing something , don't let your head get so big you forget that , sweety 
\It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men . \ " < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
dear hangover , i am not mad at you for being here cause it just means that last night rocked , i hope you are gone in a lil bit , but feel free to return again soon , as i am looking forward to many more nights that rocked like the last . 
#NEWSFLASH # police r lookin 4 sum1 described as gorgeous , sexy , intelligent , funny and amazing in bed , ur safe .......... but where the fuk am i gonna hide ????!! 
.. has absolutely no intention of behaving herself .. so she's not even going to pretend to ;) 
I am stronger Today than I was Yesterday ~ I'll be stronger Tomorrow than I was Today ~ * ~ GOD HELP ANYONE that pisses me off next week ! 
stop everything your doing and think about me for 3 seconds ......... ..... 3 ......... 2 ........... 1 .... ...... ... you're welcome for the best 3 seconds of your day ! 
to satisfy a woman : praise her , pamper her , cuddle her , hold her , kiss her , talk to her , listen to her , respect her , LOVE her .. to satisfy a man .... suck his @*@% , JOB DONE !!! 
its not that i am not sure that i am intelligent , sexy , funny , and basically the shit ; i just think it sounds better leaving your lips 
Couldn't keep your mouth shut could you ? Cant keep a secret can you ? Had to go talking my business didn't you ? Well thanks .. Now everyone knows I'm good in bed 
who am i to lay claim to you , i'm not your girl , but if you ever want that to be a possibility you should let them kno now , they are simply wasting their time , cause i speak from expierience when i say , you wont find a badder chic then me , sweetheart 
any man can get a million girls anyday But it takes a real man 2 love 1 girl a million ways ! 
I'll never be a good example so I might as well be a fabulous warning !! 
im trying to work on being the bigger person when i am faced with conflict , i think i have been doing very well for a long time , but it hasn't been long enough , because i can still remember how much fun it is to get low 
i know two ways to tell if i am right when i think someone is lying to me , either thier mouth is moving , or their fingers are moving , the deciding factor is what form of communication they are using to pollute my head with bullshit ; if i think you are lying , you probably are 
Lady walks into a sex shop and and says \ I'll take that green one with the shiny top\ " Man says \ " Lady that's my Thermos \"" 
I'm gonna smile like I mean it , I'll only cry when I'm alone , but I won't feel better until you come home 
im in serious need of a good hug , not a good day at all 
so i hope you people got your drinks for tomorrow nite , its easy as ish to get to my house , let me kno if you need directions to the party 
is living for the nights that she will never remember with the people that she can never forget !! i will see yall tomorrow nite 
really its may 2 and it 1000 degrees all ready 
I'm trying to see things from your point of view , but there's only room in your ass for one head , and yours is already there . 
most of the time using your brain doesn't feel as good as following your heart , i guess that's why my heart always leads the way 
sometimes being right about something is a bad thing , please can i start being wrong more often 
went on a school trip with the twins to the zoo , and had a great day , many many pictures of stinky animal butts , but still a good day 
had a good mothers day , went to mymoms for dinner and came home to a clean house , now its time to make cookies for the twins to take to school tomorrow cause its there birthday , my babies are gonna be 8 ! sheesh 
happy birthday to two of the most awesome kids i have ever met , n im not just sayin that cause they r mine , everyday they make me proud , i have never had a better job then being their mom , * tear * 
It must be true that the speed of light is faster than the speed of sound . You looked pretty bright until you started talking . 
Don't let anyone rent space in your head , unless there a good tenant ! 
anyone have a boy cat that isnt fixed , my crazy friend < PROPFEMALE > wants to get her cat knocked up , i guess it is the season 
Love without reason . Trust with caution . Be yourself without fear . Regret nothing . 
i like it ontop of the stereo 
Of course I'm an angel ... who cares if my wings are black , I have horns and a tainted halo ? I'm still an angel ! 
Your riding a horse full speed ... a giraffe is beside u ..... and you're being chased by a lion . What do you do ?............... Get your drunk ass off the fucking merry-go-round ! 
Police Scanner just reported a drunk , naked idiot , wearing snow boots , singing free bird , riding a lawn mower down 95 !............ Where the F *** R U GOING ? 
is wondering if girls get camel toe do guys get elephant trunk ??? 
Hopes that in the next Twilight movie , Blade shows up and fucks up everyone 
Tomorrow is National Orgasm Day .. Are you coming ? 
I dont need someone to bring me the stars , just someone to lay down and watch them with . <3 
you think you deserve the best , you think you deserve respect , you think someone should care , so tell me how that is fair ? what makes you better then me , what makes you think i dont deserve all three 
if i had to guess i would say that the flyers won .... but thats just a completely uneducated guess , its not like every post on my wall was about the < PROPMALE > cup or something ... 
Takin a nap from330 to 700 pm is never a good idea if u expect to sleep that nite 
I wanna have a midnight bar b que , with good food and frosty beverages .. to the shore on thurs ! Can't wait 
Gotta pack lunch for tomorrow . Can't wait to see the ocean , it's been too long 
Really sunburn , I am 27 years old , you would think I know how to avoid these kind of things . 
Only a < PROPMALE > can treat his woman like a < PROPFEMALE > 
I need to go back to the beach , day trip anyone ????? 
My mojo was stolen !!!!! 
Tryin to focus on the positive , because the negative is just so negetive at this point I'm almost hopeless , couple more no's and I will b that completely 
Hopin some relief is ahead , is it possible to have a good Monday ? 
I needa nap , what to make for dinner ...... I was gonna do pasta but ..... decisions decisions 
Waitin for Saturday ! 
Let the week begin ....... just one question though , where did the summer go ? 
Just wanted to say I am alive , I miss most of you too , lol , just been busy making a mess 
I am so excited about the next snow storm ....... NOT !!!!!!! 
Waiting .......... 
