hoping for a lazy day ..... don't think it will happen . 

not really the ending to my weekend I was hoping for but what do you do but smile and go on !!! 
Wondering why this migrane keeps coming back ...... really wish it would go away 
just enjoyed a fabulous bbq ... congrats < PROPMALE > ..... now getting ready to head out ...... again ... yay 
is hoping work will sail by like it did yesterday !! Gonna have dinner with one of my bestests .... yay ! 
oh my alarm ( going off at 4 am ) came way too quickly this morning . Bedtime should have been way earlier than 1:00 . 
Had such a great time ....... < PROPMALE > Claypool is awesome !!!!!!! My son had a gread time ... got his playlist and got < PROPMALE > to play guitar to him 
just enjoyed some time at the lake with my family now getting ready to head out for some karoake fun !!!!! 
is really annoyed with these crows outside my window who woke me up at 5am ...... giving me just about 3 hours of sleep ....... damn things still haven't shut up .... at least now I am leaving for work ..... hopefully today will go by fast 
one more work day and then off for a 3 day weekend ..... excited ...... going to be spending most of it at the lake !!! 
oh so happy to be off today ..... gonna enjoy my weekend with friends , family , lake and of course some fun fireworks !!!!! 
What a crazy 4th .... trying to chill out at the lake property and someone catches the hill on fire only about 30 feet away from us ...... at least they kept it to only burning about 3 acres of everyones land and saved the houses on top .... my wild night e 
Thank goodness for fridays ...... yet another day in paradise here I come !!! 
off to do some chores around the house . oh yay ! then maybe the park with a friend 
at home working on the house . the daycare lost power so kids had to stay home today .... don't know which is better .... chores at home with the kids or actually going to work ! 
Off to work today ..... but feeling a little under the weather today . 
now on my way home .... had couple drinks with some friends trying to fix this stupid laptop ..... now gotta take it to the laptop mechanic .... super sucky .... oh well . work tomorrow oh yay !! 
going to work .... oh so much fun . 
Happy its thursday ..... ready for the weekend ... except all the work to do on the new house ... at least I will be in town again soon ... YAY ! 
chillin at home with one of my boys .... gonna watch movies and play games .... so much fun !!! 
going to go work on the new house so we can get moved in and to the park with some friends . Then will be out again later for some karoake fun !!! 
Gonna go make us some dinner .... a little late but oh well .... then head out for some fun tonight . YAY 
Enjoyed a fun night out with good friends ..... now off to work on the house again .... all day .. would rather go to the lake and enjoy the sun though . 
had a great time ..... for the most part ! Now heading to bed and another fun work day and more cleaning of the new house ... so much fun !!! 
oh just another day closer to the weekend ..... I am going to take a day and go to the lake ..... definitley need some relaxation time after this week ! But the house is coming along pretty nicely . 
Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on SETTINGS above , between your name and the LOGOUT toggle . Select PRIVACY . then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL . Next select the tab that reads FACEBOOK 
Well , havent seen my kids in only a couple of hours and already missing them . They are gone all weekend .... sad . Well , gonna go enjoy my free time since it only comes once in a blue < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait to get them back though . Even if it is just for a we 
Oh my goodness so bored . need something to do . Wanna go shopping but its boring all by myself . ugh 
off to do some shopping and then will be working on the new house . But definelty shopping first !!!! 
Another week of work and then vacation time !!! Hope this week is good and fast . oh so ready for that vacation !! 
another day and counting ...... all too ready for this needed vacation . 
and the countdown continues ..... 2 days and then no work for a whole week . YIPEE !!!!! I am so ready ! 
Oh hell yes !!!!! just gotta make it through today and then no work worries for a week .... SO EXCITED !!!! Vacation here I come ! 
is officially now on vacation . I am gonna have a great time !! 
Do I have to ? 
Had the best chat with my far away bestie . Gosh you are missed round here .... 
off to go do some painting at the new house . What fun . Then maybe we will go play in the water !!! 
had such a productive day . Really enjoying my vacation . but seems to be going way too fast . Oh well , still have the rest of the week !! Definetly hitting the water again tomorrow !! 
that sucks ...... i don't get it . Oh well i guess right ? 
wishing that lost opportunity would arise itself again ........ trying to be hopeful ...... 
is apparantly not needing sleep cause after only 2 1/2 hours can not keep her eyes closed any longer ...... so up and away to working on the new house AGAIN ...... 
Seriously ????? mental note to self .... never wear flipflops when possible demolition may occur ...... so now ......... Boredom has now set in . Too late for a nap and no kids around to bug me ...... what to do , what to do . 
is running on deliciously empty ........ americano anyone ? 
when a door swings open make sure you ease into it .... don't want to get slammed in the face when if it shuts ..... ouch . 
ummmm didn't exactly turn out how I planned it to ....... still freaking tired . stupid insomnia . 
is being a catch up on big brother 11 junky tonight and feeling absolutley wonderfully fabulous !!!! 
is happy and chill with life right now ... 
ummmm guess nobodys home .... wishing you were with me ... sad ... but new tattoo today ... love it .... she is soooo missed . 
Gonna have a wonderfully fun time with my kids , < PROPFIRST > , and halloween stuff today ... my gpa will definitely be in my thoughts . Gotta go see my gma so the kids can cheer her up even if just for a moment . Happy Halloween everyone !!!!! 
gonna have a wonderful dinner at my mothers house with some of my favorite people ! I love the holiday treats and dinners and being with everyone I love !!! 
Need to get some coffee flowing in my veins .... then going to have a fun day running around with my man . 
f u have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults , copy and paste this to your status ! 
worried about my bestie .... hope she is okay .... but enjoyed date night !!! 
BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people ? love ? their siblings !!!! 
feeling like crap but still ready to have a cute night with my man and kids ... as we all geek out on computers and electronics !!!! Now just waiting for House to come on cause its gonna be good . 
ready for another day ..... hopefully it will be a good day !! 
Finished watching season 5 of < PROPFEMALE > Femme < PROPFEMALE > today ... SOOOOOO GOOD Peta < PROPMALE > rocks in that show !!!! Suggest watching this amazing work of television from the late 90's 
hoping today is a good day ..... 
Enjoying my Saturday with my < PROPFEMALE > , playing on my new ipod touch , maybe gonna go get a couple of frogs for pets !!!! then hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > later !!! Exciting !!! 
Greatest Moment of all time .... playing texas holdem with < PROPFIRST > on our ipod touches with him betting the crap out of me at the game ... I was ready to give up and concede my defeat .... he goes all in so I play along and I WON THE WHOLE POT !!!!!!! Priceless I tell you 
ugghhhh ... sick kiddo ..... not fun . but think he is better then he is acting . He just doesn't want to go to school !!!! 
Dislikes fake people ...... who only talk crap about you behind your back then pretend to be your friend .... 
is going to eventually be ok . Just taking one day at a time . 
feels like going shopping ... so , think I will . 
so did it again ... lost my phone once again so if anyone needs to get a hold of me please contact me at 850-5763 ... hopefully my number will be back soon .... thanks 
oh happy late birthday to me !!! just spent ALL my birthday money and more but got some really great things !!! 
what to do tonight ???? Currently sitting at home playing on the computer drinking sweet tea and without children tonight ... might need plans ... 
is having a hard time finding it today ... 
dear life : can you please give me a break sometime soon . Don't know that I can handle much more . kthnkxbye 
is hoping for a good day ... 
well , phone was nowhere to be found at work so getting new one tomorrow .... of course I lost EVERYONES number again ... saved it on my mini card but it was in the phone when it was misplaced .... wonderful times 
Finally have my phone back .... well my replacement phone now so can use my phone number ... yay ! 
EFF ..... Oldest sick AGAIN .... at least this time he is on some antibiotics so hopefully we will kick this super cold he has ... 
is bored ..... 
feeling good today .... gonna pamper myself with a pedi and just enjoy a relaxing day ! 
is holding on to hope .... 
Got a pedicure today and feeling quite sexy .... gonna go out and have a little fun tonight !!! 
Oh monday ... really . 
Enjoying my tuesday so far ... now would only be better if it was also warm and < PROPFEMALE > out cause im freezing ... 
why am I just oh so cold ???? My hands are like ice cubes here .... really ... 
is getting mad at her computer .... trying to watch a video feed online and it keeps acting up ... wtf . 
oh goodness . fell asleep pretty early last night so been up since 2 doing laundry and stuff . Now ... im tired and ready for a nap before work .... to bad that isn't going to happen ... 
Oh so ready for this work day to be over .... 
oh yoga how I have missed you so .... you make me feel oh so good !!! Gonna < PROPFEMALE > with the kids for a bit and then might go sing some karaoke a little later .... 
is very interested ... 
rough start to my morning but will get better ... just need some coffee ! 
Awwww ... sad panda face ... 
is excited !!!!! 
off to bed .... now lets hope I can actually sleep and NOT wake up at 2 am again ... 
Is happy its friday .... i have a good feeling about today ! 
Oh this day is dragging ... bored at work ... 
Fun time at Digs soccer game ! Hescored a goal right after he got Knee'd in the face and got a bloody nose .... sweet ! 
feels amazing !! 
Dear monday ... i am not very happy with you so can you please make it friday now ? i would really appreciate it . kthnxbye 
just got made fun of by my 10 year old because apparently I saw the word \taco\ " funny ... hmmmm " 
is so sleepy tonight . Gonna finish watching House then may go to bed early .... 
people are absolutely rude today .... wtf ... 
Watching my kiddos soccer practice , then going home to make dinner and clean the house ... what an exciting life i live ... 
Am I too old to run away from home ? 
does not know where all of a sudden all of these bruises came from .... 
Wants to go play poker tonight .... but my brother is not answering to my babysitting request ... brother where are you 
Dear laundry . I put you in the washer . I put you in the dryer . The least you could do is learn to fold yourself and put yourself away . Is that so much to ask ? 
Just realized that tomorrow will be a little busy ... work , dr appt , work again , soccer practice , visit to the cemetery ( might be a little sad too ) .... then after all this gonna treat myself to some karaoke ... 
happy birthday grandpa ... your first birthday you are gone ... you are loved dearly and missed much ... forever and always in our hearts you will stay .... 
Got suckered into being soccer coach today .... 
Wants to go home and take a nap ... i'm way too sleepy for this work day ... was up way too late . 
Does not like that feeling ... cant wait for June !! 
Wow ... not sure how that happens but again a weekend without children ... what ? 
is so rocking out with guitar hero 5 !!!! 
Had a great weekend !! 
oh monday what to do with you and the curveballs you have already started to throw at me ... im going to beat you at that game for sur_ . 
really not enjoying the search for a new place ... 
Apparently i wasnt meant to sleep tonight ... finally got to sleep to wake up to my phone ringing ... now i cant get back to sleep ... crap . 
so , apparently only getting 2 1/2 hrs of sleep , no food , asthma , inhalers and trying to go for a couple mile jog doesn't exactly go too well together . my body is tired but wound up from my asthma meds all at the same time .... think im gonna just sit here and try to relax for a < PROPFEMALE > ... 
had a yummy dinner ... < PROPFEMALE > chicken , veggies , and rice with a little bit of soy ... 
Had a beer then went for a jog ... a little backwards but , hey it works . Think bout going out tomorrow night for a bit . No idea what I am doing but any body want to join me ? 
Was without phone today ... didnt like that much . glad to have it now ! 
Having a hard time walking away from guitar hero .... I am such a junky ! But gotta get outta here ... till later gh ! 
wow ..... 
Is trying NOT to fall asleep at work .... but im sooooo sleepy . will need a nap later fo sho 
Oh the boredom ... 
kids and I are off to < PROPFEMALE > with V and K for a bit ... then probably back home for family time , guitar hero , and me some wine .... oh ya baby !!! 
have to say its sad when sleeping in is 7:00 am .... getting ready for a fun day ... soccer game this morning , some yardsale-ing , hopefully some relaxation time and then out for the night !!! 
feels extremely blessed right now to have all the wonderful people in my life both old and new ... 
Oh monday , monday , monday .... i really dont wish for this tuesday ... can we just skip it please and thnx ? 
is needing to relax a bit today .... gonna have a drink tonight I think ... maybe that will help . 
is effing clumsier than shit .... just stumbled ( on nothing ) and knocked over everything on my coffee table including my glass of wine .... i am quite ridiculous today .... 
misses you ... 
Is happy its friday ! 
Yay done with work ... no kiddos ... sitting back relaxing enjoying a beer .... mmmm 
needs motivation to get some stuff packed ... 
oh my weakness tonight was ice cream .... my tummy was happy with that !!! 
Filling out all my paperwork .. cant say its fun but at least it will all be taken care of soon and hopefully for good !! 
Think it might be best if i change my phone number .... 
Is sore ... 
Hello friday ... no kiddos tonight so packing the rest of my crap and will prob go out for a bit .... 
kiddos off to their desinated places tonight ... now for a little packing and then who knows what ... 
just thinks too much some days .... 
dear house , please put yourself together for me while I take a nap . kthnxbye . 
Wishing june 7th would get hear faster ... especially right now ... 
Well , get to spend mothers day with one of my kids today . Other one decided that he wanted to go hiking instead this morning . So happy to be a mommy\ 
Happy mothers day to all !! 
Wishes she has a bbq because i really would love a bbq dinner tonight .... yum yum . too bad i'm lame and dont have one ! 
Had the most wonderful visit with my gma ... she is such a wonderful soul . now off to clean then spagetti for dinner ... yum . 
At the dentist ... 
is enjoying her night !!! 
ggrrrr to tuesday morning coming and ruin my sleep ... I was so comfy laying there . Definitely ready for the weekend , already !! Hoping for a good day today . 
tired of feeling this way ... wish it would get better . 
So ... appparently there is 1 more week of soccer practice left ... oh joy . 
finally home .... went for a nice jog while the kids had practice , now gonna make a healthy dinner and try to put my new place together ... then gonna sit down and relax with a glass of wine . 
Just stuffed my face with an awesome bbq thanks to wonder < PROPFEMALE > .... now i extremely full . if i can muster the energy will have to go for an evening jog . 
Thinking she might have to out for a bit tonight ... 
going out for a bit tonight ... anybody wanna join me ? 
going to go out and enjoy the wonderful weather .... I have been mostly inside all day putting my place together ... time for some outdoors . 
Just went for a wonderful jog with the kiddos .... well my youngest jogged with me ( what a trooper ) and my oldest was on a scooter . Gonna have to do this more often with them ! 
going for jog with the kid ... think he wants to go more than I do ... crazy business . alright here we go ... 
is irritated with her tv .... need to get some cable so I don't have to deal with this stupid digital antenna .... 
was supposed to take a nap but never made it ... so gonna keep working on the house ... watch a little Bones and maybe Fringe , then , if I can find something to do i may go out for a bit later ... we will see . 
started as allergies and is now a horrible cold ... i feel like crap . 
dear cold ... please go away . I do not want you anymore . you are just a pesky hindrance in my life and I am ready to feel better again . sincerely me\ 
kthnxbye 
Cant believe my baby is 7 today ... how fast time passes and the wonderful joys of motherhood ! 
Birthday gifts and birthday dinner are out of the way ... now finding room for birthday desert ... my tummy is too full of dinner I think so will just let the kiddos enjoy !! 
Hello Tuesday , what wonders might you bring me today ? 
wishes she could get outta dogde ... just one night away would be great ... 
has some of the most wonderful people in her life . I am thankful for each and everyone . 
only 2 more days .... so ready for this weekend !! 
had such a wonderful weekend ... wish it didn't have to end ... now gonna try and sleep for what may be a crazy day at work tomorrow ... 
... 
is getting nervous ... its getting so close so fast ... almost want to back out but trying to hold strong to the nerves . 
its actually gonna happen tomorrow .... so happy yet ever so nervous . 
well , all went well ! I am home now and relaxing . 
back to work tomorrow ... but have to say i have the best guy ever for taking care of me after my procedure . now gonna get some sleep for the 2 days of work I have ahead then a wonderful weekend . 
Ready to be done with work already ... well at least its friday and i have a great weekend planned ! 
had a wonderful time at < PROPMALE > Petty last night !!! Great music , wonderful company , awesome new friends !! Couldn't ask for more ! 
is finding herself extremely happy these days .... it is so nice !! 
Is very hurty today ... ready for it to be better ... 
is bored ... 
is ready to enjoy some foul language ( although bleeped ) and lots of yelling by Mr < PROPMALE > Ramsey .... Hells Kitchen here I come ... AWESOME !!!! 
wednesday doesn't look all that great when you only get 1 hr 15 < PROPFEMALE > of sleep ... oh the joys of being an insomniac ... 
what comes next ???? 
really missing you today ... 
awww how I missed my chaise ... it is now home and I am lovin ' it !! Sweet business ! 
Wow what a suckfish day ... gonna have a really hard next month or two ... joy . 
just chillin ... 
slightly annoyed ... 
Such a great day today . 
Happy fathers day to all the wonderful fathers out there . hope you have a great day . 
sitting at home with out children , relaxing , reading a book ... what a wonerfully lazy Sunday . My Dad is sicko today so dont get to go see him ( sad panda face ) ... 
Boring ... what an irritating day of work ... 
wishing I was sleepy right now istead I'm wide awake . Going to watch reruns of Deadliest Catch until I am sleepy ... wish me luck . 
Apparently not ... 
Yay for friday ... this has been one crazy week .. glad its pretty much over ... hoping for a great weekend . 
What a beautiful day ... 
Sitting at the drs office for my kiddos appt and of course they are behind schedule ... gotta love it ... 
What a crazy busy day ... Now gonna try and do some relaxing fi the evening ! 
Shoot ... not looking good . thats alright i will figure it all out ... 
Doesn't get it ... 
Apparently my foot is bleeding ... Pretty bad . Weird ... Don't get it ... 
Oh Thursday how I wish you were Friday already ... 
Can't wait ! Ready 1 , 2 , 3 GO ... Darn , didn't work ... 
On the move ... 
Enjoying happiness ... 
Had such a great weekend ... too bad it had to end . 
mmmm .... my moms homemade pizza and wine for dinner ... deliciousness 
That was the perfect time of night for a wonderful jog ... Feeling great ! Ready for another same time tomorrow ... 
really ??? fml .... 
is in serious need of a really strong drink .... know what I am doing later ... 
random quiet time ... wow ... this is epic . 
Is emo today ... Really would like a pause or shut off button some days ... 
is truly enjoying life as it comes .... ready for a nice relaxing sitting at the lake kinda day ! 
Had a fairly sleepless night due to nightmares .... WTF ??? 
Is overwhelmed by and irritated with herself ... 
enjoyed my wonderful weekend ... not quite enjoying my monday ... cant wait for my vacation . 
Bored ... 
waiting ... 
Impressed with my newly used cooking skills ... and im actually happy i have nothing to do after work today ... gonna soak it up cause doesnt happen often ... 
Stupid elbow ... 
Feeling sick to my stomach ... Really can't wait till this horrible nightmare is over . Hopefully by end of next week . 
Is not wanting to work any longer ... ready to get off and go see a movie ... 
had a great weekend with some of the most wonderful people I know !!! Cant wait to do it again ! 
needs to remember to just breathe ... 
oh my nerves ... hoping for strength ... 
Oh anxiety creeping in the closer it gets ... not fun . cant wait for it all to be over . 
Is so extremely happy this nightmare is finally over and I totally won !!! Victory , oh such sweet victory !! Now to truly enjoy my life and all the wonderful people I have around me . Thank you so much to everyone for all that you are . 
Hoping sleep comes soon ... not looking promising though ... How is it that one can be so extremely tired but still cant fall asleep ... 
did some yardsaling and < PROPMALE > on the Green in CDA .... What an amazing day with my mans family !! Now getting ready for some more fun with some great friends ! 
vacation starts now ... 
Was really hoping to sleep in on my first morning of vacation , but , NO got up after my man left for work this morning at 5:15 ... At least I can possibly take a nap later !!! 
Love that I have a neighbor who can bang upstairs until unruly hours of the night but gets mad and stomps on the floor when I play my music in the middle of the day .... Poor neighbor it only makes me turn it up higher . 
Hopes for one day ... 
a bit nervous ... 
Darn PAC man game has me hooked 
it's just a rock and a hard place ... 
Hates work something fierce so far today ... 
Its official . my body hates me and wants me to suffer horribly its making me feel postal ... cant believe im saying this considering it friday but ready for monday at 345 ... hoping for some answers . 
YAY movie night with my kiddos . How to Train Your Dragon , Shrek Forever After ... Then when my man gets here later Hot Tub Time Machine . What a great way to spend my Friday night !! 
Oh monday ... Wish I was a little more prepared for you . 
Gonna make something nummy for dinner just not sure what yet ... 
Take my hand I give it to you Now you own me , All I am , You said you would never leave me , I believe you , I believe 
Oh so dizzy ... 
Excited ! Hopefully work will go by fast today ... 
Wishing today would go faster ... hoping for some answers later . 
Feels like death right now ... just make it go away please . 
who knew .... rhubarb with a little sugar and a pinch of fresh < PROPMALE > is REALLY tasty !! 
What a waste ... 
Stupid ... 
That was so super hot !! 
Had a wonderful night with some of the best people I know ! 
Has a huge case of the I Dont Care's today . Could be an interesting day ... 
Is done ... 
Have to go get a new battery for my car today ... Just hope it starts so that I can . 
Has had a wonderful day .... cleaned house , went to the fair with my man and his fam , now out for a couple drinks . loving my life . 
Ummmmm ... 
Had a wonderful time last night with good friends , food and games ! now trying to make it through this extremely busy day of work ... 
Slightly frustrated with my internet right now ... or at the least the site I am trying to get on but can't . Guess will try tomorrow ... now off to watch the Weeds episode I missed on Monday . Oh Yes ! 
Just dont know really ... cant seem to figure it all out yet . hope i have time ... 
Needy , needy , needy ... oh so super needy ... 
Absolutely love the rain ! 
Oh the experience the second time is even better . Such a lovely desert of rhubarb , sprinkle of sugar , and some < PROPMALE > . Delicious !! 
Oh monday , how I wish you would treat me good ... 
Seems to be running on a pretty short fuse today ... 
Can't believe some people ... Really don't understand that logic . Really think it's more lack there of ... 
EXCITED !!! 
Great Primus concert ! couldnt have been better ... great music , my man , the kiddo , friends and mosh pit . oh yes ! 
Great day in Seattle today ! Slept in , the aquarium , boat tour of the harbor . Now off to dinner with my man and later out with friends . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > for finding a sitter so we could . 
Had an amazing weekend in Seattle ! sad to have to leave . 
Oh so hard to get up and moving the Monday ... now at work and hoping for a good fast week . 
At G's cross country meet ... oh what crazy fun . 
Has lots to say but nothing very nice so will refrain from saying anything ... its for the best . 
Restless nights = not so happy me ... just want a good night sleep . 
horrible night ... broke my nice tv , huge spider found in my doorway that made me panic and cry , much etter \ 
after a beer ... 
not dealing well ... ready to find a hole to hide in for a bit . 
thank goodness for warantees ... at least the tech coming to look at my tv just to tell me if they can fix it will be free ... however the actual repair probably not ... 
ready to see what tuesday has to offer ... hope for something good . 
need something that i dont feel i am getting ... 
i like it on the kitchen table and sometimes the chaise . 
Boredom has set in ... 
Reevaluating ... 
just sitting here waiting on the chiropractor for a while now ... boring . 
has ninja's in her house ... awesome ! 
Doesn't really know what the point is anymore ... 
finally of work and sooo ready for my weekend ... 
one step forward four steps back ? 
My boyfriend is in rare form this morning ... Quite amusing ! 
sleep eluded me well last night . so sleepy ... this is going to be a long week and a half ... sucks . 
Maybe a little better but still don't like it ... Sad panda face . Hoping these next couple days go by quick ... 
Blah ... 
Oh eff sleep ... And eff the freaky noises in my house in the middle of the night ... You both suck . 
so far , doing well for only getting 2 1/2 or 3 hrs of really broken sleep ... it was more like i got a couple naps in ... still feeling like its gonna be a good day ! 
yummy dinner .... grilled tofu , tomato , chicken quesadilla ! nom nom nom ... have to say my new fav is grilled lemon pepper tofu with grilled tomatos . sooo tasty !! 
ummm .... no thank you . i do not want to do that again so have a nice day ... 
Oh so excited for Saw 3D ... It is going to be AWESOME !!! 
Oh come on Greenbay ... Better hold on to that lead . 
Yes , That was an awesome ending to that game !! Nice job to the Packers ! 
So ready for the weekend ... hopefully we will get in the Saw marathon ... sleeping in with my < PROPFEMALE > ... oh yes please . 
I'm over it ... relaxing at home in a quiet kids free house ! So nice too bad its not for long . 
Get to sleep in with my man in the morning ! So excited , I love the weekends ! 
Its just one of those days ... Not great at all . 
romantic .... haha what is that ?! 
is in Dislike of the verizon network and my phone right now ... grrrr . 
blah ... thats about all it is ... 
Got my hair done and I LOVE it !!! 
Hells Kitchen is new tonight ... SOOOO excited for some < PROPMALE > Ramsey ! Oh how I have missed him for 2 weeks . 
Oh my people are such morons .. really ... I am so happy for the wonderful people I have in my life . 
Oh Washington , how much I do not like you right now ... 
Oh what a great night for insomnia ... At least I had the wonderful rain and wind pounding at my window to help with that ... 
frustrated ... have anxiety , oh what a great day ... just want to crawl back into bed . 
HAHA Laughs in your face ! 
wow ... bullying in school is getting really bad . So , the question is , how do I truly get upset with my child for standing up for himself ( although not exactly appropriately ) when the teachers do nothing ? 
missin by besties something fierce .. 
Family movie night . Watching some < PROPMALE > potter and just relaxing . Now let's see how long I can stay awake ! 
The events of my life never cease to amaze me . So happy ! 
Watching football with my man and sad to say I am actually starting to like it ... Yikes 
wow .... yup , wow ... thats all . 
cant decide which is worse ... the people who think its still summer and drive real fast trying to run you off the road ... or the people who drive 10 mph in a 40 like the jackass that was in front ofme ... glad to be parked for a bit waiting for my kiddos . 
ready for my 4 day weekend to start ... only 2 more hours ... only ? 
practically nothing all day ... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all !! I am thankful to have such wonerful friends and family surrounding me every day . I appreciate you all very much . \ 
Now gonna go enjoy a mimosa !! 
standing in line for Toys R Us ... i think we might be insane ... holy cow . 
finally done at Toys RUs ... FINALLY ... that was ridiculous . Going home to sleep for about 2 hrs and then go back at it . Fun ! 
Having such a great 4 day weekend . Had an awesome thanksgiving and shopped my energy out for black Friday . Oh such an amazing time !! 
oh tuesday ... hope you are good to me as i seemed to have woken up in not the best of moods and feeling quite crappy ... 
Seattle bound tomorrow ! YAY ! 
having a great time in seattle !! Love you < PROPMALE > !! 
Sick Kiddos ... not so fun . hoping not to get it . Oh such bad timing ... 
almost there ... 
I have some of the most amazing people in my life . Thank you all so much for everything thing you do . Can't ask for anything more really ... 
Ouchy ... 
Has the best man ever ! Took such great care of me this week . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my family and friends . I am so thankful for each and everyone of you . Have a wonderful day . 
Blah .... 
Lets go Packers !! 
Long sleepless night ... Hope my day goes ok . 
So , just watched last night Jersey Shore ( yes I found myself addicted after last season ) and seriously , Sammi needs to seek counseling or something . However , I do enjoy the massive ball of crazy they all are . 
Gonna play Wii Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . Oh yes ... Totally rocking my Friday night !! 
If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you can't live without .... copy and paste this to your status ... I have 2 amazing brothers like this ! 
LETS GO PACKERS !! 
Excited for my chicken penne pasta casserole I am making the fan for dinner . Branching out on my cooking thanks to the wonderful cookbook my Gma got me ! A little domestic for me ... Kinda weird . 
Insomnia is back ... At least I got about a month free of it ... Oh today will be a sleepy day . 
So , got an allergy test today for G . Will find out the results next week in the mean time we have to eliminate dairy from his diet . He is not happy ... And get to make a Specialist appt for him ... Oh poor kid . 
Retail therapy works wonders . Now just gotta get rid of the headache . 
Lets go Packers ! 
Way to go Packers !! 
Had an AMAZING time with some of the best people I know . Dinner and games and fun !! Thank you for a wonderful evening !! 
crazy , busy Monday ... please treat me well . please and thank you . 
Dear insomnia , please go away and allow sleep to come . I am tired ... 
watching wipeout . this is hilarious ! 
having a grrrr day ... oh hurty . 
Dinner at Herbal Essence , then Rain for a drink and their delicious cheese cake . Gonna be a wonderful night with my man ! 
Oh , my body hates me ... It's going to be one of THOSE days . 
aye ... what a day ... 
is fed up with it ... 
It's extremely happy ... and it's red ! 
YAY ! New gianormous tv to watch the Packers kick some steeler butts !!! So excited !! 
Oh Ya , thats what I am talkin about ! 
crazy allergic reaction goin on ... not really liking this ... 
blah , blah blah , blah , blah .... 
So excited for my relaxing weekend with my family . Dinner and movies tonight . YAY ! 
Today is definitely NOT my day ... 
Feelin icky today ... 
vertigo sucks ... still not gone and cant move or i almost pass out ... not good times . 
boring ... 
Looking for houses ... making my head hurt ! Has been a wonderful relaxing , dizzy , weekend so far . I have enjoyed the down time with my man ! 
Oh , the joys of house hunting ... hoping something good comes along and quick . My head hurts from all the looking I have done so far ! Now bed and cuddle time with my man ! 
Dear insomnia , I understand I had gotten a good amount of sleep this last weekend but I was sick . Would you please be so kind as to release your grip tonight . Sincerely sleep deprived ... Kthnxbye 
wish for it one day ... 
Going out for a couple drinks . Rain first then the Broadway ! Yay for some good times tonight ! 
So excited !! 
Is addicted to moonlight mahjong and feeling some serious sinus pressure with a sore throat . Hope I am not getting sick ... it would not be fun . 
Feels like serious yuck today . Definitely sick ... 
Gonna take a nap . Hopefully I will better after . I really don't like being sick . :( 
I REALLY dislike this cold ... 
Today we say a sad goodbye to our wonderful and much love reptile friend < PROPMALE > . He was loved and will be missed much . 
Woohoo ! My voice has returned ... Mostly ! 
My son is 11 years old today . So very proud of him . Happy Birthday to my wonderful son ! 
Moving , moving , moving , lunch , mov .... HALT ... Defect now in our plan . Crap . 
missing my internet ... got the phone but it just isnt the same ... soon hopefully . 
YAY !! We now have internet access at our new house ! So happy . 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes . Had an amazing day . I appreciate you all . 
not good , not good at all ... might very well explode . 
At home before 9pm ... So happy . Gonna spend good time with my family tonight ! 
Not exactly the evening I was hoping for ... Well off to bed to cuddle with my man . Thankful tomorrow is Friday . 
At home .. its Friday ... So ready to just chill this weekend with my man . Oh yes ! 
Had a an amazing migrating with some truly amazing friends . 
Had an amazing night with some truly amazing friends . 
