feels totally cheated by the Weather Channel 

Half a pizza and then a basketball game is a bad plan . 
11 o'clock basketball game ... ugh 
Writing a quiz in my usual wait until the last second style . 
needs to find a very average movie to watch while grading . If it's too bad I'll zone out , but if it's too good I'll watch it instead of doing any work . 
headed to Freedom Hall to see if that UCONN's women's basketball team is any good . 
Super Bowl then grading some quizzes 
Cleaning out the car so we can sell it . We're about to become a one car family ... could get interesting . 
Loves when they cancel school the night before . No alarm tomorrow . 
Got the wedding dvd today !!! 
10 o'clock basketball game ... Ugh 
Hatred stirs up dissension , but love covers over all wrongs Proverbs 10:12 
No practice after school today ... Amazing ! 
had 4 students give me pictures they < PROPFIRST > today . That would be much less weird if I taught kindergarteners and not high school juniors . 
I'm trying to get as much grading as I can done by 6 because once those brackets come out I know productivity will end . 
Best weekend of the year ... First tipoff at 12:20 ... Pop quiz for 5th period while Mr. Melton is enjoying the madness at his computer ? 
Seneca softball is 1-0 ! 13-2 over Fairdale ... I'm exhausted . 
so a kid actually rapped how to do FOIL to the rest of the class in algebra today ... Weird , but hey , he did it all right . 
loves the fact that he's 27 and still gets Spring Break . Now I just have to make it 4 more days . 
Such a long day today , but Spring Break starts tomorrow . 
Thunder Over Louisville was great . I have a feeling that I will be regretting the giant turkey leg that tasted nothing like turkey all night though . 
Coaching 6 games , running a mini-marathon , and the parents are coming into town . This is what I call a busy week . 
So the mini was tougher than I was expecting , but I survived and am actually feeling pretty good so we'll call it a success . 
19 days left at Seneca 
Can't wait for the weekend 
Had a good week ... 10 days left ... Spending the weekend in Tennessee 
So having a birthday tomorrow isn't helping , but I really felt old when my own wife said she had never heard Vogue by < PROPFEMALE > when it came on the radio . 
3 more days ... but Seneca is a nicer place with all the seniors gone . 
My Last Friday at Seneca !!!!! 
still has 2 days off until his last day ... Things are amazing . 
One last night of grading followed by one last day of school ... Doesn't really feel real yet . 
is unemployed ? 
is living in an empty house for the next 2 days 
Ready to hit the road tomorrow . We'll miss you Kentucky !!! 
is in < PROPFEMALE > for a while . 
went out to celebrate the Halfiversary tonight . 
< PROPMALE>'s Dominion for the first part of the day then up to DC for the Royals-Nationals 
not looking forward to work in the morning 
Looking forward to the trip back to Louisville and Ohio in a couple weeks 
so to get me to shut up about Chipotle < PROPFEMALE > challenged me to eat 2 a day until I was sick of it ... I don't think she was serious ... but I'm still considering it . 
Alright < PROPMALE > fans ... It's time to get over it . You had no problem supporting the egotistical drama < PROPFEMALE > while he played for you , but as soon as he does exactly what you all knew he'd do you turn on him . Deal with the monster you created . It's < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > all over again . 
It is going to be a crazy week . 
would have been very happy with his $80 purchase of mlb.tv where I could watch any baseball game if every game wasn't having technical difficulties for several innings each ... I would also be happier if the Royals won a few games , but I don't blame mlb.tv for that . 
just registered for the Akron Half Marathon in September . Hopefully it will get me ready for the Vegas Marathon in December . 
Headed to church and then going to the B.B. < PROPMALE > concert ( sort of ) 
About to head to Ohio ... wish we could have spent more than just a few hours in Louisville . 
Great night with old friends ... time for bed . 
is watching my 2 year old nephew . Sadly it is not much unlike teaching some of my classes at Seneca . At least there's only one of < PROPFIRST > . 
still mourning my putt putt loss from last night . 
is ready for a very crazy couple of weeks . Working two weekends with a roadtrip in between and then moving . 
Last weekend at the car wash 
Early bedtime tonight ... last day at the carwash tomorrow , then a week off to spend with my wife and nephews before the job in Ohio starts next week 
just scored over 1.5 million points in Tetris . If that doesn't say I need to start the new job asap I don't know what does . 
Packing the car up . Back to Ohio in the morning . 
Made it safely to Ohio ... but now can't sleep 
First day of work tomorrow 
is missing some Seneca folks but is not missing Seneca 
Enjoying a nice weekend before life gets crazy quickly 
No < PROPFEMALE > tonight thanks to the thunderstorms . 
Do everything in love \ 
1 Corinthians 16:14 
excited for my wedding burrito today 
Well the game was a disaster , but the fireworks were nice 
Two Indians games , an 8 mile run , and a day at Cedar Point this weekend . I'm exhausted . I actually need the work week to start so I can recover from the weekend instead of the other way around . 
The Other Guys is the worst movie I have seen in a very long time . 
has missed college football Saturdays !!! 
I'm pretty sure it was the lady cutting my hair today's first day . Was pretty nervous by the time she went to get somebody else to finish it . 
This will be a tough 9 weeks 
Leaving for < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow morning . Lots to get done today . 
in the last 7 weeks I have driven over 8100 < PROPMALE > through 8 states and 2 countries . Just typing that makes me tired . 
Doing two half marathons in a year is totally the same as doing 1 full marathon right ? 
got to talk to < PROPFEMALE > today for an hour !!!! 
In Wooster til late ... Still have trips to Chicago and New Jersey on tap for this week . 
is exhausted from this crazy travel stretch . I'm pumped that I get to sleep in my own bed for almost a whole week once I get home tomorrow . 
got a couple weeks worth of letters from < PROPFEMALE > yesterday !!! She misses everybody , but as far as handling basic she is doing really well . 
did a college fair yesterday where I was right next to the University of Akron rep. I was almost disappointed she was so nice . I was ready to throw down if neccessary . 
Wow !! If you would have asked me 2 hours ago if gaining negative 41 yards in one half was possible I would have said no . I stand corrected . 
has to be out in Avon Lake early tomorrow . Not looking forward to that alarm clock . 
10 Days !!! 
9 days ! 
We'd Rather Be Golfing wins again . On to the Final Four . Nice to show these college kids that we staff aren't washed up yet . 
One Week !!!!! 
The old folks keep on rolling . Championship game tomorrow !! 
Oh yeah ... Intramural volleyball champions ... The staff team rolls through these college students all the way to the free t-shirts . 
Got a call from < PROPFEMALE > today !!! She officially graduates on Friday !!! I'm off to Chicago tomorrow afternoon . 
Spending the day with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
Headed south for my last high school visits 
Nice !!! Flashes , Cats , and Cards go 3-0 during the college basketball marathon . This completely unproductive day totally makes up for my pathetic sports fan weekend . 
Headed down to Louisville for part of the weekend . 
One more day of work this week then down to Pensacola Thursday morning . 
Getting up really early in the morning for a flight to Pensacola 
Happy Birthday to my incredible wife and Happy Thanksgiving to everybody else . 
Something tells me basketball season is going to be rough on TCU . Welcome to the Big East . 
Was tonight the end of the Solara ? 
Apparently the temperature will not go over freezing until I move to Florida this weekend . 
Redoing my resume for the second time today because somehow the first one disappeared from my computer today 
Donuts and Coke in the break room at work . That is truly the breakfast of champions !! 
Resting up today , getting ready for my thousand mile solo road trip tomorrow 
lost a hubcap on the car less than 12 hours after buying it . 
Went for a sunrise run on the gulf today . A nice start to the day , but I see a nap in my not so distant future . 
Booo Auburn 
Cam < PROPMALE>'s going pro !!! ( again ) 
Had a great early < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
Saturdays at 5 are the best time of the week . 
Well I may be wrong , but I believe diversity is an old , old wooden ship used during the Civil War 
So last week I learned that driving a forklift is awesome . Today I learned that riding a forklift is pretty much 15 times awesomer . 
Is loving the Florida weather . Guess I shouldn't get used to it . Not sure when we are moving yet but headed to Washington soon . 
There is no excuse to be inside on Facebook when the weather outside is so gorgeous . 
Beach Day tomorrow !!! 
Free showing of Little Fockers at the theater on base tonight ! 
TCU basketball is 1-13 in the Mountain West ? I have a feeling the Big East might give them a little trouble . 
Alright < PROPMALE > State !!! < PROPMALE > Champs again !!! 
I'm glad I had a productive morning because I'm pretty sure as soon as the Big East tourney starts at 11 , I will essentially get nothing done until after the Final Four is over . 
Rooting for Akron tonight ... so < PROPMALE > can beat them in the championship game tomorrow on ESPN . 
Just when I thought I couldn't like Akron any less ... 
Does Selection Sunday feel a little like Christmas morning to anybody else ? 
Well for the next few days I am a big fan of Notre Dame and Princeton 
I really need to pick happier movies to watch before I go to bed . Million Dollar Baby a few days back and then Platoon last night . Nothing like being thoroughly depressed right before falling asleep . 
Think we found our apartment in Washington 
No matter who wins this game ... Worst ending to a tourney game ever 
