I wish that i could have this moment 4 life .... 

Feelin brand new <<<3 hi to tha Haters !! He he 
Yea , yea , yea ..... I know . I got a face book now . :( haha whatever ..... myspace sucks 
Watchin NBA2K10 ..... whatever ( eyeroll , haha ) 
Bout watch Sorority Row ..... Finally !!!!!! Ive only been waiting for like a year lol 
Tha money is tha motive , Fuck wit tha money it get ugly as coyote .......... Jus got off work 
You become . It takes a long time . That's why it doesn't happen often to people who break easily , or have sharp edges , or who have to be carefully kept . Generally , by the time you are Real , most of your hair has been loved off , and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby . But these things don't matter at all , because once you are Real you can't be ugly , except to people who don't understand . 
Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive . If life is to be sustained hope must remain , even where confidence is wounded , trust impaired 
Why is it that when you try to do the right thing , its the wrong thing , and when you do the wrong thing it's never the right thing ??? Ugh !!! 
Do it like lil kids , ya show me yours , I'll show ya mine ;) 
needs someone like WeeZy in my life ;) 
This has not been a great day ..... 
Sigh ..... Smirnoff , the perfect end to a very less perfect day 
WtF !!! ............. Are you serious ??? 
You like my style , but thats expected ...... 
Lol has gone from meaning , \laugh out loud\ " to \ " I have nothing else to say " 
Anyone that knows of any job openings please let me kno !!! I need a job like yesterday ..... lol 
;) got that na-na-na-na-na-na-na ....... 
man ...... its whatever , i dont even care 
Today has been a great day :) 
Tonight I'ma let it be fire Tonight I'ma let you take me higher Tonight , baby , we could get it on , yea , we could get it on , yea 
Just let me be ya only choice , No need for planB ! \ 
My love life is malnutritious , You my VitaminC !!.... haha ! 
Im wanted fuck around n get arrested\ 
Im < PROPFIRST > tell that bitch get to steppin\ 
good mornin brand new bitch fa breakfast !! 
Need a new job ....... 
Your my superstar ..... 
It coulda been u an me it shoulda been me an you .... 
It's been a gReat Monday !!! 
See ? Nothing ever changes ........ 
Need a job ..... anyone got any ideas ? 
Who are you to judge the life I live ? I know I'm not perfect and I don't live to be . But , before you start pointing fingers , make sure your hands are clean . ”\ 
- < PROPMALE > Marley 
Dreams are answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask 
Well of course , I smoke mad weed , I'm on my high horse :) 
Huh , my word is my pride . But wisdom is bleak , and that's a word from the wise .... 
Peace , Love , Party ;P 
I luv you like unicorns luv pixie dust !! Haaaa !! 
Adios Amigo !! 
Absinthe ..... 
HaHa its such a shame that u aint learned a damn thang !! ;) 
Tired of assholes and selfishness ..... 
This day can really jus kiss my ass !!!! 
Do u feel like u bring more joy to my life than pain ? 
FYI your gonna flunk ;) 
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success . \ 
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly 
Lmao this girl asked me what \idk\ " means & I told her \ " I don't know\ " & she said damn don't nobody know .. Lmao Dumbass !!! " 
\Expecting life to treat u well cause ur a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge cause ur a vegetarian . \"" 
hungover ....... 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > :) shes two today !!! She had a great birthday party ..... they grow up way too fast 
Nachos :) 
I seen nights full of pain , days of the same , You keep the sunshine , save me the rain 
Tired of not mattering .... 
Luv the way you lie ..... 
Everyday like a maze turn a corner run into a dead end ... so fuck it sit down were I'm at ..... 
You can be my dawg and I dont even care , If you flaw , you flaw and I dont fuck wit them there 
Maybe that's what happens When a tornado meets a volcano .... 
One Love <3 
Colt 45 and 2 zig-zags baby thats all we need \ 
We can go to the park after dark\ 
Smoke that tumbleweed .... (: 
Fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on me 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and over use I love you 
is tired of ppl bein all up in my business when they dont actually know anything about MY business ..... thats why its my business and not yours (: get it ?? Thnx :) 
This is a \A\ " and \ " B\ " conversation so \ " C\ " your way out before \ " D\ " jumps over \ " E\ " and \ " F\ " s you up like a \ " G\ " (: " 
I hate thunderstorms !! Ugh school tomorrow tho (: 
When words cut you wide open how do you keep going ? 
* sigh * finally home (: 
So glad its the weekend but im boreddd ... Someone hit me upp !! 
Ugh i hate migraines .... Cant sleep ): 
Dyin is easy ..... Lyfe is hard 
Its easy to make an enemy ... Hard to make a friend 
Really lovin school right now ! (: 
Is tired of people who think they know my business when in reality their jus as ignorant as the next 
Good drinks and best friends ... The world knocks me down but i get right back up .... 
Bitches keep talkin shit .... They gonna get whats comin to em 
Is really proud of the hair cut i did in class today !! 
Its been one o those days you try an forget about . Jus take a shot an let it out ... Baby lets get right 
Its been one o those days you try an forget about . Jus take a shot an let it out ... 
Watchin the vmas ..... Love < PROPFEMALE > Handler !! 
So sick of lady gaga for real ! 
Lady gaga took the vmas tonite .... Congrats ! Do what you do girl ! I got mad respect man ! 
My word is my pride .... 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the nite sky are shooting stars . I could really use a wish right now .... 
So over people and their stupidity !! 
Jus ate the best cheese burger in the world !! 
Fu*K A toothache man !! This shit hurts !! 
Really dont feel like class today man ..... 
Is not havin a great day ..... 
Had a great spa tonite .... Thank you so much to the ppl who actually showed up !! I appreciate yall ! <3 
Hurts so good (: 
Doin perm wraps in class .... I think i am gettin the < PROPFEMALE > of it (: 
Baby i got a plan .... Run away as fast as you can ..... 
Watchin teen mom .... < PROPFEMALE > needs punched in her face !! Lol 
Perm wraps this morning and braiding this afternoon ...... I really wish we got more time to practice this stuff ! 
Havin a couple drinks ..... Prolly gonna feel like shit tomorrow but i dont even care lol 
Pretend everyone loved me and no one ever hated .... Jus try to use imagination ..... 
Theraflu and cheeseburger macaroni .... What a friday nite 
Hates it when you look forward to sleepin in on saturday only to find that you cant sleep past ten ): 
This has not been a great day ..... ): 
This day has jus went from bad to worse and back again .... Wtf 
Aced my practical test on perm wrapping .... And no i didn't cheat lol ;) 
Before you point fingers at me make sure your own hands are clean ...... 
You dirty little hampster !! 
Aaaahahahaha !!! How bout them gators !! 
Fsu is #16 .... Uf is #22 .... Life is good (: 
Had a great day today ! Cant wait to get my pedi tomorrow !! Wish i could play the lottery lol 
Is really glad to kno that there are some good people left in this world that will help u mnmut when u need it 
So sweet (: 
I see nites full of pain . days of the same . You take the sunshine . Save me the rain .... 
Chillen at school .... ez day today .... 
* INBOX ONLY * Tell me something you have always wanted to tell me . This stays between us ! (: Then put this as your status and see what you get ! This should be interesting (: . 
I guess its tru what they say .... Ya cant count on nobody but yourself 
Cus I never ever trip ... jus peace happiness and loooove ;) 
Just keep adding bricks 2 that wall ... Eventually u wont be able 2 get bak in ... Not that it ever mattered right ? 
No sprinkles ! For every sprinkle i find i shall kill you !! -Stewie (: 
Sooo bored ..... Some1 entertain me please (: 
On that HpnotiQ and mountain dew !! (: 
Anybody that is interested in becoming a beauti control consultant ... Please let me know ! I need 1 more recruit to promote and i will be more than happy to help u get started 
I am havin a spa party tomorro nite at 630 .... Im tryin somethin new its gonna b a glam spa ! Yall should check it out ... Any1 that wants to come let me kno 
I wanna wear my hair wild in a mess Cut off jeans , can you get with that ? Give you something like you’ve never had Cus I only wanna be wanted by you 
Girls nite woooo !!! 
Aaaaaahh (: detox mask lol 
Ugh .... No matter what i do i still feel like $hit 
Spa party tonight at 630 ! 
Miley CIrus + strobe lights + 50 bad lil young ' uns = one Hell of a migraine .... dunno how these ppl do this everyday 
I wish i knew what u were thinking sometimes ..... <3 
Im the one thats always here for u ... The one thats always waiting 4 u ... . When will u do that 4 me ? 
Jus cant shake this cold man ..... 
Ur as addictive as they get ;) 
Spend tha nite wit me & get popular baby ;) 
Thinking of u ..... <3 
U make me smile ..... ;) 
U make me smile ..... I want u 4ever <3 
I wish i could read ur mind <3 
Too much drama in this lil bullshit town ... Im so over it 
Too many times I’ve been wrong I guess being right takes too long I’m done waiting , theres nothing left to do But give all I have to you and I better find your love and I better find your heart .... 
& im like man i miss my dawg .... 
And ima thro this money whille ya do it wit no hands .... 
:) ............. 
So i better find your love and i better find your heart ...... 
U jus dont even kno ....... 
And i shall travel the road less taken , jus to see where it leads , take a < PROPMALE > with love , jus see if its forever <3 
Yea life is a bitch , but i ap'reciate her man ..... 
U might as well like the person u are bcus at the end of the day thats all u have ..... 
Id rather be hurt by an ugly truth than be happy with a beautiful lie 
Never have liked holidays .... Ive never been good at them </3 
This mikes hard lemonade cranberry lemonade is the shyt (: 
I smoke . I drink . I do my own thing . Im livin in my own world !! 
Lets vibe ...... 
Aaahahaha !! Them noles killin them gainesville boys !! Get u some !! 
Aaaaaahh !! How bout them gators now ?!! 
Its now or never , come with me .... I cant be alone and your my favorite person on earth !! ~ weeds 
This has not been a great day ..... ): whatever 
Haters .... U can kill ya self !! Hahaha !!! 
I hate hiccups with an incredible passion ..... Even the word is annoying me right now 
This day has just sucked 
Relationships are like glass ... Its better to leave them broken than to hurt yourself trying to put them back together 
Its tru what they say ... U can choose ur friends but u cant choose ur family ... I guess thats why the ppl ive chose as my friends treat me better than my own family ...... 
Your hands are mine to hold .... 
If you just realize what i just realized 
I think i maybe see you a little different than you see yourself ..... 
Being religous is not an excuse for being an asshole 
and maybe then you'll hear the words i been singin , funny how when you're dead people start listenin ....... 
Life doesn't come with certainty .... But one thing i am certain of is that i am who i am and you can take it or leave it cus i dont really care ... 
I just dont know anymore man ..... 
Life is like a river .... what has passed will never pass again 
Actions speak louder than words 
Tired of bitchs talking shit .... if u wanna talk shit at least do so in my presence so I can tell u how full of shit u really are ..... 
I must have went wrong somewhere ..... 
And now we lookin ' like pimps In my gold Trans-Am . Got a water bottle full of whiskey In my handbag . Got my drunk text on I'll regret it in the mornin ' 
Just remember I cared when no one else gave a fuck 
Just got done cookin dinner ... Bbq pork chops scalloped potatoes and beans ... Yum ! 
It sucks to be alone even when your surrounded by people ..... 
I think ive always liked you a little bit more than you liked me :/ 
Im not ready to make nice I'm not ready to back down I'm still mad as hell and time to go round and round and round It's too late to make it right I probably wouldn't if I could'Cause I'm mad as hell myself to do what it is you think I should 
Truth is love doesn't last forever and people cant be trusted ... Youre better off alone ... It hurts alot less 
What is everyone doin for new years ??? 
You never know how you look thru other peoples eyes ..... 
I love how the older i get the more people try to tell me what to do !! Last i checked i was grown ! 
I swear i must be wearing a sign these days that says i dont feel like doing anything today so plz ask me to do anything that comes to your mind 
Out of class early today ... Good thing cus i really was not all about it today ... 
I miss you 2 ..... 
Missin u gets harder and harder every Day ..... 
wish i could talk 2 u ....... 
This stomach virus has kicked my ass .... Glad im finally startin to feel a little better 
Bored as hell ... What to do bout this .... 
Because at the end of the day all we have is who we are .... 
Why cant life be like a video game ... If u mess up just jump off the nearest < PROPMALE > and start over 
Is it time to start over ??? 
ell I don't know but I've been told , you never slow down , you never grow old . I'm tired of screwin ' up , tired of goin ' down , Tired of myself , tired of this town 
Cus i know now ... The club cant club cant even handle me right now 
Imma bad motha fucka go and ask some motha fuckas .... 
This has actually been a pretty good day so far ... Its been awhile 
Two plus two not knowing Wat the fuck it is bitch !! Lmao 
Chillin wit sum good friends that I aint been around in a long time <3 
Ridin horses .... such a blast ... I aint been ridin in forever !!!! 143 <3 
Ability is what you're capable of doing . Motivation determines what you do . Attitude determines how well you do it 
Save energy by turning off lights . You wouldn't like if someone turned you on and left . 
wonders why paper beats rock . You stand there and hold a piece of paper , and I'll throw a rock at you . You tell me who wins . 
I can only deal with one problem at a time ..... 
I'm done putting everyone else as a priority in my life , when I'm only an option in theirs . 
I understand , but I'm tired of understanding . All I do is understand . For once i would like someone to be on the other end trying to understand me ... 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes\ 
Hate in my heart , love in my mind\ 
I seen nights full of pain , days of the same\ 
You keep the sunshine , save me the rain\ 
I search but never find , hurt but never cry\ 
I work and forever try , but I'm cursed so never mind\ 
And it's worse but better times seem further and beyond\ 
The top gets higher , the more that I climb 
smh .... Tired of being in this freaking class .... Everyone in here can have their own regular clients but i get told i have to allow ppl to assist me with mine . Wtf . If i dont need or want an assistant then y should i have 2 ? 
ugh i have never been so sick to my stomach ..... im done i dont even give a shit anymore .... all ppl ever do is lie 
must have bitch wrote across my head .... 
Hell is empty . All the devils are here 
lost ............. 
Omissions are betrayal ....... 
feels like a great big load has been lifted off my chest ..... 
oooh , i wanna play the questions game :) \ 
* send me questionssss * 
<3 :) 
just doesnt know how to move on ........ 
Goin to bed with a smile on my face tonite ...... 
jus seen the ugliest flippin < PROPFEMALE > i have ever seen !!! 
:) 
Tired of being let down ...... 
you dont even know the things i wish i could do to you ;) 
Talk about a day that just keeps gettin crappier ..... this shit sucks 
Look Bitch .... Stop tryin to be me damn 
I need you !!! Where u at ??? lol 
:) \ 
Video call me now http://webvideocall.oovoo.com/callme/luckyclover87/326 
~ You are my Peace ~ 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN . ( 1)-FINE- this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are RIGHT and YOU need to SHUT UP . ( 2)-NOTHING - means SOMETHING and you need to be WARY . ( 3)-GO AHEAD - this is a dare not permission DO NOT DO IT . ( 4)-WHATEVER - is a woman way of saying F**K YOU . ( 5)-THAT'S OK - she is thinking long and hard on HOW and WHEN you will pay for your mistake . Re-post if u agree 
Congratulations bby boi .... Im so proud of you !!! 
I jus cant win for losin ..... wish i could jus be invisible 
I guess we have to distrust each other . It is our only defense against betrayal ...... 
It’s no surprise I won’t be here tomorrow\ 
I can’t believe that I stayed till today\ 
Yeah you and I will be a tough act to follow\ 
But I know in time we’ll find this was no surprise .... 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ...... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be one word ...... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ...... Don't just post a word and not copy ..... That's no fun ! 
Nobody trips over mountains . It is the small pebble that causes you to stumble . Pass all the pebbles in your path and you will find you have crossed the mountain 
I never knew until that moment how bad it could hurt to lose something you never really had 
Hypocrite : the man who murdered both his parents ... pleaded for mercy on the grounds that he was an orphan 
Once a man has won a woman's love , the love is his forever . He can only lose the woman 
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird , and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love 
You learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh , but you can never truly love someone until you find out what makes them cry 
Chillin at tha house .... bored n super tired :( 
If anyone knows anybody that has an older car for sale plz let me kno !!! I need sumthin cheap that runs , dont really matter wat it looks like at this point , its a a-b type of thing rite now ya kno !! 
Id rather be the girl you cheat with instead of the girl you cheat on ...... 
is finding it hard to know who to trust , who to leave behind in her past and who to take along with her into her future 
People don't change , they just find better ways to lie . 
Trust is the very foundation of any relationship , lose it once and the damage has already been done ... 
Middle finger salute to all my haters :) 
Home now .... had a very stressful day :( 
All this bullshits for tha birds ....... 
I hate liars , fuck love Im tired of tryin\ 
My heart big but it beat quiet\ 
I don’t never feel like we vibin\ 
Cause every time we alone its a awkward silence 
Lost my freakin phone ..... really ?! wtf ...... i jus dunno where else it could be 
So happy .... < PROPFEMALE > bug jus found my phone !!!!! 
How do you choose between where u want to be and where you need to be ??? 
Remember when we first met and everything was fun , and I made you laugh , and you made me laugh , and we couldn't wait to be with each other ? That was the best time of my life . 
Detox mask and a pedicure :) 
