That forein music rocks , switerland , japanese , spanish ( etc ) 

I can't see it , when people die what happens next ? I mean it's not completely dark right , is there any light is a humans eyes ? 
coco weather 
I'm watching so many crazy shows , frm anime to sitcoms then boringcourt shows just to keep me occupied 
making new amusing things for the kids of tommorow 
I wonder , just throwing this out . Maybe some things that happen are luck and common sense ? Ex : how I am often called a philospher by my history teacher . 
we fight as one , children of 2 morow we need a new generation of heores and we'll show the people who we are . ( thumbs up ) 
caught something and sniffling like coco , i don't like colds . why you ask , after knowing about how the human body works , i hope the white blood cells are doing there part . 
can this cold get any worse ??? 
listening to foreign music , why you ask ........ i listen to american to much , and now i can speak the language and sing it too . NO !!! i won't sing it why , it's because i just plain won't in front people 
I must reconnected with my buddies since i won't see em as often when school begins again . ^^ 
MÁS RÁPIDO MÁS RÁPIDO ! Por lo tanto , mucho por hacer y poco tiempo lo podrán hacer ellos . ( suspiro ) Parece como si tengo que pasar mis límites 
walking in a sea of happiness and flyin cloud 9 , idk why but i feel confident with my story . it's coming out great . 
Saw my comrade and now is kinda sleepy , hope we can meet , soon 
All rested up and now re fixing my story , it was missing a bunch of junk 
the only reason i put cats on computer is not only because they rock , but i never see them much plus my relative is allergic . 
i had been havin these dreams lately , wish they were real but it won't . I dun kno y though , but since the 5th or 6th grade i had them , i am already tenth now . why ? is it < PROPFEMALE > or random 
dun try to at so when in reality your still learning , wake up already your not famous for brains . 
I have a lot on my mind , i need to think ..... i might not be on so .... i'll try to contact when i can . 
been thinking about about the past i seem to forgotten so easily , all the good moments that faded i wish i knew them right now . 
praise does who suffered the most on 9/11 
No one wants to die or lose a loved one , so why suffer at all ? Is it a test for torture , determination , why is there pain at all ? 
Remember , remember the fifth of November , The gunpowder treason and plot , I know of no reason Why the gunpowder treason Should ever be forgot . ” 
i am unorthadox i do things that are not really normal that seems to make sense . 
The last time i felt depressed wanting to go back to school was when it was graduation from < PROPMALE > high leaving my friends . I don't know if I'll feel the same for A.G.L it's kinda odd . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rROQwK-DASM&feature=related 
I can at a bit awkward when it comes to being around friends but c'mon we all acted insane before . XD 
It's weird people say there old , no one is old until like ..... idk but hey i still think 60 is young . 
school can be so ironic and a little unfair when it comes to \fun . \"" 
http://buzz.yahoo.com/buzzlog/93051?fp=1 
Don't underestimate people when in this century your destroying your own confidence since your busy comparing yourself to others . Only the cowards do that , just to feel stronger . 
I am 20% detective 70% crazy 10% strict/sane commander kid 
highschool is boring me , i mean come on can't we have something more interesting like a death case or something ? 
A brief candle ; both ends burning An endless mile ; a bus wheel turning A friend to share the lonesome times A handshake and a sip of wine So say it loud and let it ring We are all a part of everything The future , present and the past Fly on proud bird You're free at last . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Zant , from Lynyrd Skynyrd band 
HISPANIC RESPECT , BOUT TIME ! =p 
It's true i look young for my age , but i kno a lot 
I'll celebrate any holiday to honor my friends and family . 
So many things that i wanna do , see , or remember is something diffulcult . Someday I'll be able to see my memories again . 
HIGHSCHOOL IS WAY INTENSE , HOW HARD WILL THE FUTURE GET ? 
Life can me so annoying , mostly when school wants so many things and you can do very little at a time . What happen to the word LIMITATIONS ? 
HISPANIC/LATINO HERITAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love romance languages it rocks . ( spanish , italian , catalan , french and LOTS MORE ) 
I may seem like a strict or tense person but i am a dreamer who sees things that others fail to believe . 
I won't be on for a while guys ..... sorry 
I gone loco 
don't think you know yourself because there is more potential that people seem to ignore 
true fact : i am ! 00% forgetful of many things , i mean sure I'll remember junk but sometimes i forget people , or imporant memories . Things like that .... 
I may go loco so if i do try to say a riddle cuz that calms me down 
It's diffulcult for me to express how i am doing which is why i write poems and music . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTmBRn22J4o 
I love pullin pranks on people but not to be mean , just wanna see a smile on someone's face when they look troubled or something ya'kno ? 
Some emotions are usless unless they are played the right way , either that or your stuck with a card called confusion 
i'm trapped in confusion that is my thought 
I stump working on philosophy riddles/questions/answers . ( if anyone got a riddle , or question ask me , because i love mind games it's fun , and a challenge . ) 
Making a book , better turn out like how my teachers taught me . -.- 
HAPPY THANKS GIVEN ! =D WOOT WOOT ! 
La gente < PROPFEMALE > no es la época en que la difusión cultural fue < PROPFEMALE > conflicto , sino que mejora con respecto a lo que somos . De hecho , somos diferentes pero la diferencia nos hace más fuertes , con el cambio de los niños de la próxima generación ya no se temen . 
\love is a thrll shock suspense . \ " caseclosed - I agree with this " 
I am trapped with two paths , both of which are hard to choose . Choose one and I'll loose the opportunity for the other path , but if I fail to choose at all , I'll just fall . 
I was asked if i would defend my family , friends , and country with my life today . If you know me well , you know I can't ignore anyone with a conflict . So to answer this question , yes I will protect anyone in need , because that is my true < PROPFEMALE > , but also my freewill also in life . 
I am my own enemy , my shadow taunts me all the time . My past murky and my future is currently unknown . Everday I am running from myself just to see that it's impossible . I struggle to accept reality , but now I am living in my own twisted fantasy . 
I need to think because i'll help me forget what i remember forever 
going to stroll a path that i never knew , thought i could avoid it but now i am stuck walking among it . 
saw an odd movie with my comrades from school that kind felt like them spanish soap opreas , then walked through memory < PROPFIRST > for fun moments . ( for some reason i wanted to cry , but I felt happy too . why ? ) 
If only fantasy was reality . 
lets see .... funniest moment that popped in my head just now , perfoming brain sugery on my old computer and chillin wit my old science teach during the week end . ( had assist the science teach with a lil \h . w . \ " ) " 
ain't i one confusing person ? 
coexistin between fantasy and reality is the hardest thing to do 
Happi new year =D 
lets see .... how can i express my day at school ...... i guess ...... totally FUNNY/weird with randomness 
Dont deny the letter T 
Brain storming for a fantasy got so many ideas from both anime , and fantasy books , no i will never publish it sadly because the pics aren't mine . 
Making new creations that will change the world for the better 
wants to learn both classical and vulgar latin . ( I just wants to know all the romance languages there is . ) 
http://news.yahoo.com/s/space/20100129/sc_space/biggestandbrightestfullmoonof2010tonight FULL < PROPFEMALE > ^-^ 
Feels like doing some improve 
Is life just an illusion within itself ? 
Italian , Ladino , old spanish , i wanna learn XD so awesome 
I dont know what i want to be when I get older , I have lots of ideas but I can't choose . 
I'm playing hard video games , and though its not school work it still puts a stress on the brain ? WHY ????? Just when I thought sonic and < PROPFIRST > games for the gamboy were hardwork . 
sometimes i wonder why the world is a gray pool of confusion , so many questions left unanswered 
who am I , What am I , where am I , When was I , How am I , why do I ......... Exist ? I random fragment of philosophy , psychology questions , that are left unanswered . 
What does it mean to be unknown ? 
I still have things i must reset as time never stops 
If only there really was a utopia everyone will feel better but then that will be a fantasy reality 
Isn't petville and pet society the same thing ? 
There is much for me to think about and yet it is hard to accept it all , maybe i do live in the fantasy life because i don't want to accept my troubles about my reality 
It is not easy to forget , but it's hard to remember what must be forgotten 
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20100305183326AApKr90 
Life is both a drag and a rubix cube , both puzzle the mind 
Why is truth only have known ? 
why is it that fantasy may look so easy to imagene , but when you attempt the reality portion it's actually a challenge ??? O.o 
is locked in herself , juggling the thoughts in her mind 
cant focus 
quisnam says latin est a mortuus lingua ? 
Everyone Everywhere Everyday , wonders of fantasy exist . Those who grasp and make and reality are not unique though because they came from a smiliar scernario to each other . Guess it's true for me , I want to graps a piece of fantasty to make it reality . I am not perfect or specail though some people think so , if we were all like this where would the utopia be ? 
Xp had to something i hadn't done since < PROPMALE > high , guess confidence can really change a person . 
There are people who like to believe they are the best . The people who are the best , the people who really succeed are those who failed . They learn from failure to reconstruct success . 
why is it that no matter how old you are questions are still left a mystery ? 
In order to be part of the clan , it's more then what you expect . Being crazy is our thing so get ready ! >=D You'll be broken and re-made into a new image . 
My thoughts have a habit of eating me inside out , i try to escape but i know that technically i can't . Looks like i need a break yo re-think about certain things . 
This world holds lots of memories some that fade and some that never end . For me the world is a puzzle with lots of twist and turns , some things aren't meant to remembered while others you can just laugh at because it's the past . 
why are people reading my mind so easily when i am a closed book ??????? confusion 
wants to go for a walk 
had a weird dream while reading a good story 
goes on walks to calm down 
is relaxed even when stress suddenly happens . 
I am the type of person to be strict , but thing is i am also the type to have compassion too for my comrades . I do things for others , expecting nothing in return , because that is how I always see it . The only way my wish can be fulfilled is if others are able to gain their wishes and live a happy life . 
What is wrong with people , where is world peace huh ? In this time many people try to push aside wars , and conflicts but the truth can't be hidden . In my history class , we are able to expose all this stupidity , and pull a possible answer many people don't seem to get . So what is wrong with this scenario here ? Who Knows ? 
trying to think of keep the mind busy in any possible way , but still have these dreams that haunt me 
If you were to see me .... i am often the one person who can either be critical thinking about lots of unanswered thoughts . To relaxed that if trouble happiness i can push it aside and solve it easily . super serious and be so zoned into something that time itself waits for me . 
had a funny day thinking up random logic to mess with my teachers at school today , got nagged by someone i barely know and i also ran through the school hall ways ! XD 
had a random day , not as i expected but it was pretty fun ^____^ 
i am getting scared my younger sibling acting so weird . when i say weird i mean more weird then my definition of weird . 
had the most random day yet , will there be anymore ? 
I just when i thought < PROPMALE > high teachers were weird , high school teachers are weird too . O.o 
Just when you think you know it all , your still at the beginning still learning . 
it's hot hot hot O.o 
went bike riding with me familia and chilling at baruch what can tommorow's adventure have in store ? 
Change is so weird 
tends to purposely annoy her friends just to see there reactions 
gonna celebrate b-day this comin sunday . anybody wanna chill wit me just contact meh . 
so i have a mellow personality at least that is what my closest friends and teachers say . All i can say for myself is i am the type of person to be a loner at first , but after a while a person who can really be funny , strict but understanding too . 
i have lot on my mind and the more i think about it the more i wish to forget . I can't runaway because the love gods just enjoy my temptations , and all i can wonder is what will the future hold ? 
I tend to be mellow , risky , or unorthadox . 
gonna explore 
OH NO IT'S MEH B-DAYZ YEA !!!!!!! CRA CRA CRA CRAZAY B_DAY !!!!!! WOOT !!!! =D ! 
I HAVE THE BESTEST FRIENDS < PROPFEMALE > ! 
can't help being awesome 
quisnam teneo quis diligo est ? 
Hasta que te conocí , yo n < PROPFEMALE > ca creí en el amor verdadero . La educación fue y sigue siendo mi principal objetivo en la < PROPFEMALE > . Fue entonces cuando me di cuenta que no se puede ejecutar a partir de algo que se siente en el corazón . Yo no soy el mejor , porque no hay tal cosa como el mejor . Admito , sin embargo , estoy empezando a abrir los ojos a < PROPFEMALE > m < PROPFEMALE > do nuevo , < PROPFEMALE > paraíso que n < PROPFEMALE > ca me dio la oport < PROPFEMALE > idad de aceptar . 
the weirdest thing my sibling said just happen at the deli . =D 
i have so much to be thankful for but i also have so much to forget . 
HAPPAY 4TH OF JULY !!!!!!! USA ROCKS !!!!!! >=-D 
me and my sibling are watching morons going back into the pool through the window . lol they are told to leave so I feel bad for the life guards who are trying there best at there jobs and are miserabally failing . lol XDDDDD 
it's funny , i have always thought about the future and i bet when i get older i'll still behave like a child . 
i like how people claim something can be so great , but then when you try it out for yourself for the first time , it actually is not what is claimed to be . lol 
gonna day dream for the last time 
found an old recorder from ps . 110 this was back when Mr. Goldstein was the music teacher . ^-^ that was my favorite class to have to science with Mr. Bloom 
ZIP ZAP SHABAAAAAM ! 
If\ 
you are reading this , I don't care if we've spoken once or 100 times , \ 
post a comment of the FIRST memory you have of me that pops into your \ 
head . When you've finished , post this paragraph as your own status . \ 
You'll be surprised what people remember about you :] 
went to see relatives and chilled with her childhood favorite cousin , this summer is super random but i can deal with it . 
i have something troubling on my mind , so most likely , ill have lots to write in my next poem . 
a like to explore < PROPFEMALE > town , little italy and lez because it's bigger then i thought . 
it's true i can control my mind , but my heart dominates 
i feel like the living dead , which is an odd feeling . 
confusing self with multiple paradoxes ? ? is paradoxes even a word ? 
i love my job =3 it's better then every other thing i do socailly . 
so i went to put on a mood ring i got with my mom and sis and the thing is it only stuck to light blue then dark blue and sometimes purple . so now tashy , < PROPFIRST > , i finally understand i am way too calm . ( what is wrong with that scenario ????? ) 
i have the most weirdest thoughts ever that even i am confused 
Wish i knew the mistakes i did so i can fix them . Now ill focus on what i can do better for the next generation of dreamers . 
i know me and nat would wanna see vampire suck . lol < PROPFIRST > ? would you wanna see the movie too since i seen your funny twilight diss books ??? 
heh .. it would be a lie to say i hate acting and writing . i get shy to show what i can do , but i realized once you re-try it . it's pretty fun . XD WOOT ! 
lol i am not the type to give in to popularity but its true that i am well known < PROPMALE > ! live it up ! 
i am weird and i am awesome >=-D 
yoshi is so cute so is koopa troopa <3 
im back home , i will miss everyone at reach , but who said it was goodbye ? ^_^ 
my methods are illogical which makes the world wonder 
don't stop believin 
Oh I don't know what can I do what else can I say it's up to you I know we're one just me and you I can't go on .... What is love ? 
I never believed in romance , it was the main thing i wanted to avoid . It took me until now to ralize that i had been sucked into it before i started avoiding it . guess i can't escape . lolz ^-^ <3 
i dont jog i sprint . XP 
I have a totally awesome and random family ! =D love you all ! 
? ?? v ? y ? u ? put this on the wall of everybody who means something to you ? 
I scattered dream is like a far off memory , a far off memory is like a scattered dream . 
My he < PROPMALE > aches that my writing and < PROPMALE > has changed . If i could i would say how i feel , but it's not easy for me to express it . what is wrong with my mind lately ? 
I'm to relaxed , that i don't even realize it , until someone tells me . 
POST THIS IF YOU\ 
AREN'T SCARED TO SEE HOW PEOPLE THINK OF YOU 1 =\ 
Definetly not attractive . 2 = Decent 3 = Cute 4 = Amazing Smile 5 = I'd do\ 
you . 6 = Pretty damn sexy ! 7 = Lovable , I LOVE YOU !!! 8 = I wanna make\ 
you my man/girl . 9 = Just a friend . 10 = Sexiest person I know ! 11 =\ 
Fuckin amazing 12 = Great Friend 13 = Funny 14 = Extremely Stupid 15 = Random 
There was a time when people open there eyes and feared nothing . There were memories that coudln't ever be forgotten . There was a time when forgiveness wasn't needed in life . There were moments like this where hearts promised and create . There was a time when time meant nothing There was this moment that you can re -live the fantasy you wanted . This can happen when you first < PROPFEMALE > to dream and believe . ^-^ 
\Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do . So throw off the bowlines . Sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . \"~ < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
I need a brainwash , because out of all the things i want to forget there is one thing i just can't forget . The more i remember this one thought , the more confused and doubtful , though it's childish for me to feel this way . 
http://news.yahoo.com/s/livescience/20100902/sc_livescience/massextinctionthreatearthonvergeofhugeresetbutton see what we do as humans ? 
I walk a familiar road , that people call a fantasy . I thought i knew what i was believing , but I roam the unknown road . So if i'm in love can i still be insane ? I get good grades but it's hard to tame . what canI say ?. Do we have to be perfect , to remember what we got ? Gotta change to make things right , to be special inside ? - random poem comment . =D 
When every life meets another life , something will be born 
My alter ego's life took over my mind and is now taking over me 
Guess i am an old dog because i am constantly taught new tricks , don't i get a dog treat for this ? 
ok pumped and ready to show AGL and < PROPMALE > a kid only REACH knows . 
nobody officially knows another well , because behavior is different depending on who your with . 
creen en mí 
WHO thinks they know me well and has the confidence to admit it ??? ONLY 2 people I know know my alter ego ! WHO ELSE ??? >=-D 
i need a walk 
I push all of my negatives into my subconsciousness , that is how i am so relaxed 
\live everyday as if it was your last\ " this is my motivation " 
my electronics enjoy haunting me >.> this should be in the weird but true ( kid's editon ) 
struggling to unravel the most impossible Rubiks cube of my subconsciousness , but they key maybe so obvious that i don't know it . 
full < PROPFEMALE > the sky that hypnotizes beliefs that still babble these thoughts older then life , and then all that can be remembered are legends passed down to change . we still nothing as mysterious doors are still closed and yet the infinite pulsing of < PROPFEMALE > still wants us to solve what needs to be known . i myself recall these centuries of romance and yet know not what is to be known but unknown among space and time . 
i feel like a yo-yo 
They say to speak the truth and only the truth , but the truth has hidden message not meant to be discovered even to the speaker . 
I better get a grade so awesome it needs a new number or letter . It's one thing that spanish isn't my dominet language , and it's another thing for me to read my work to my friends . To be taped with my bad spanish and my work deserves something awesome !!! >=-D 
the best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up . 
i dont wanna grow up 
can you feel the love tonight ? 
i can be so weird , that i can confidently laugh at myself without feeling humilated by people who look at me , like i'm crazy . 
I live in the past because it molds my future like yours 
I can be weird , but at least i enough guts to be weird with my friends and family , I can laugh without regrets . =D 
i wanna walk backwards for a whole day , those anybody wanna join me ? =3 
i wanna say YO to my friends from CASTLE , to AGL , and REACH , and DOM !!!!!! =3 
Bow down to the MAD anime scientest !!!!!! =p 
I am often asked these two questions so i am gonna answer them in one : ans : Yes i am in love with someone and the kind of person to fall in love with people not my race . 
Anime MAD scientest has this to say .... It's not that i don't have a dream , but my dream is to make other people's dreams come true , which in turn makes my dream come true . 
Whats on my mind is how to fix and broken heart 
I'm that one person full of mysterious activities that it's easy to trust my unpredictability . 
Who wants to chill wit me on the day of scare and suger rushes ??? =D 
I want to see my friends but somethin is always blockin my way to them ... how do i break the chains so they will be free from my sorrow ? 
No estoy familiarizado con mis raíces indígenas , pero sí sé que yo pueda atraer a lenguas extranjeras con la mía también . 
Alter ipse amicus e Amat < PROPFEMALE > curam . Amicitiae nostrae memoriam spero sempiternam fore . 
I want to risk something to tell my feelings to someome important ... 
I wanna run in school for a full ay during passing 
Does anyone want to have a spooky halloween adventure , and get awesome suger rushes along with scary stuff with me the mad scientest ?????? X3 
I always saw you as something more then a brother but do you as well agree ? >.> 
I want to see someone important along witha another best friend of mine today for the day of spookinest and suger rushes 
My lil black cat how i wish i could tell something that will take me more then guts , but i'd risk it to say it . 
Believe in yourself . Not in you who believe in me . Not in me who believe in you . 
The ingredients for a heart : Pulse . Emotion . \ 
Terror . \ 
Fear . Hope and despair\ 
Mix them all together , and we have a heart ! 
Aw , we don't hate it . It's just kinda ... scary . But the world's made of light AND darkness . You can't have one without the other , ' cause darkness is half of everything . Sorta makes ya wonder why we are scared of the dark . 
Thinking of you , wherever you are . We pray for our sorrows to end , and hope that our hearts will blend . Now I will step forward to realize this wish . And who knows : starting a new journey may not be so hard , or maybe it has already begun . There are many worlds , and they share the same sky - one sky , one < PROPFEMALE > . - kairi 
“Although my heart may be weak , it’s not alone . It’s grown with each new experience , and it’s found a home with all the friends I’ve made . I’ve become a part of their heart just as they’ve become a part of mine . And if they think of me now and then If they don’t forget me Then our hearts will be one . I don’t need a weapon . My friends are my power ! ” ~ Sora 
I love you and I'm not going to run away anymore . 
PURPLE = I would date you . BLUE = I DID love you . RED = I do love you . ORANGE = I like talking to you . WHITE = I really care about you . SILVER = We're tight . GREEN = I hate you . GRAY = You're pretty . BLACK = no one likes you . BROWN = wanna go out ? Put this as your status and see what you get . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVvUSP5ANRI 
i feel like i am in eternal sleep . i need to think . >.> 
Does anyone wanna split a cherri/watermelo lolli and malta with me ? X3 
I wanna break the laws of physics OwO . wanna join the darkside and do the time warp ? heh the pose constantly done by riffraff and magneta is stuck in me head ! XD 
i had a dream that i was falling for eternity to the planet earth , it reminds me of life's choices . 
IT'S ALIVE ! NO WAIT ..... DO OVER !!!!!! X3 
Nisi credideritis , non intelligetis-Unless you believe , you will not understand ( st < PROPMALE > ) 
been watchin pilots of awesome shows , fighting a cold along with feeling light headed , and trying to resist square choco chip cookies on my table . i feel so drowsy from nightquile . O3O 
how to block stress with funtastic_ology without a rubix cube , randomology , and going insane with the laws of physics ????? i need a lolli to help me think or spicy chips . xpppp common sense work your magic ! no advice comments i`ll feel like im in school again . 
Was chilling for a while with < PROPFIRST > and Tashy , while playing an intense game of scrabble !!! Gotta give praise to my friends < PROPFIRST > Filpo , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Lazcano , < PROPMALE > Melenciano , Marivn Torres , < PROPFIRST > Alverez , and yep < PROPMALE > Ramsey , and can't forget Joscally Ramos ! YOU GUYS ARE REAL FUNNY IN CLASS !!!! =D 
I never realized how much i am like < PROPFIRST > brown , and it makes me realize we all have a linus friend and snoopy to cheer up our positive looks on things we think are not important . thanks < PROPFIRST > brown . <3 =D 
when are these C-PAS'S due , monday or tuesday . T-T lil help from my agl friends please ? 
why monday why ????????????????? 
The thing on my mind is how are my REACH friends doing , I miss the funtastic moments i have there that my heart feels like a pair of weights . 
i had a dream i was in the middle of two roads and the dream is replaying over and over , it's hard to choose because anything has a positive and negative result . O-O 
fav feline : house cat and yukito fav canine : my dog buttercup and cartoon snoopy . weirdest catch phrase : algebra is insane because letters and math shouldnt miss . fav language and most challengin : latin/greek is fav/ challenge is perodic table language . laughs at : anythin awkward not out of my own lips 
aaaaah I'm going insane XD 
My fellow AGL JUNOIRS AND ACCEPTING TWO NEW ROLES IN MY LIFE . Get ready =D 
i have been having these strange feelins lately . wish i had a clover instead of butterflies . 
gonna go on a hunting mission through l.e.s. to revive a friendship ! wish me luck ! ;p 
I feel like a rubix cube 
I maybe quiet but i enjoy being known as a crazay illogical student of school 
I am the creator , motivator , aid of the dreamer , second in command writer , the hand of seeking the unknown , the philosopher of fantasy , seeker of the unlimited . who cares to join me with a new generation of believers ? 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! Buon Natale , Joyeux Noël , Feliz Navidad , \ 
Mer ? kurisumasu ! 
today i got my foot caught in snow . Literary flew and been pushed by snow gust , and wants something to do =o 
i don't want the brain of an elephant 
To infinity and beyond xD 
i want to be the one who guards the dreamers . i wanna break the chains called limits so people can freely exlpore then what they grasp which is more then knowledge . i wanna walk in the soles of all the living and non living matter so we can fully understand . all it takes is a step . 
Bueno yo no soy la mejor persona en el planeta . Me llamo a mí mismo el soñador salvajes desconocidos , creen en la lógica y de vez en < PROPFEMALE > de salir y decir cosas raras . Sé en mi corazón que por tanto tiempo que me amaba y cuando no estaba yo solo se perdió en la negación . Te quiero y espero yo siento lo mismo también . 
ANIME !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
stuff funny to me < PROPFEMALE > by my sister nat's class that says weird stuff XDDDD : \yes math married science and had a baby named < PROPMALE > neuton\ " \ " what is the fastest animal on earth ...... < PROPMALE > NORRIS !!!! \ " \ " The pit of the apple .... haha ! apples have pits ??? \ " \ " what flies around when your having fun ? .... THE TOOTH FAIRY ! \ " \ " no !!!! caca isn't a science term !!! \"" 
The willingness to reach my friends 
BINGO !!!! 
RAWR !!!!! 
all i have to say is \question mark \"" 
its funny the things that please us actually our foe . if i wanna play video games be weird and sleep then let me do so without me feeling goofy . =] 
We all pursuit happiness . who said life was easy because in order to gain something your gonna lose something . Obviously there is no such thing as normal but why do we pass things on to people when the truth will reveal itself . Im not saying i cant lie but if its nessary you may need to lie but if thats true why do we fall for it so often ? 
cloud nine daydreaming is woundeful activity =D 
limbo is neither death or life , its neither evil or good , i would like to understand the existence of this third worlc in between two worlds . 
dear love of my life , wish you coud here these thoughts , hear my voice . I have never loved anyone else as much as i loved you , and wish you could believe me . These words are hard to write and say to you , but i really care 4 you . care to like this ? >.< 
somtimes the tiniest things can make you remember what you forgotten years ago . ( i like this how bout anyone else . ) ;D 
< PROPFEMALE > wants to know : What was the funniest moments her friends has had with her ! TELL MEH DX XDDDD 
The way to say im sorry . a way to say i love you . the way to keep a promise . how not to give up . how not to be jealous , angry or bottle up my emotions . how to not be confused . how to dream . how to forgive . how to let go . _ this is the theory of revival 
I looked deep within myself . i realized its not jealously because im great friends with everybody . im just scared people will forget about me and see me as an immature kid still . 
I would like to go to wonderland who wants to tag along ? 
I'm reliving moments of PS . 110 or at least parts i know of it . The first time i went to the jungle gym was in my fifth grade year because the class wouldn't allow us to for some reason . I remember being taught by mr. bloom and ms. doctor and mr. Goldstein as well . I guess my favorite class was gym but i usually enjoyed playing tag with my friends and chilling with the younger grades because it was cool to . 
< PROPFEMALE > from a store tells more about you then you the person XDDD 
Make me a pirate hat and a plushie doll and book back then lend me a cape and a totally awesome wand and , then ill be the weirdest coolest person ever . 
I ask a lotta people advice and though they help i make the final decision , some of them are corny and risky but i know what i feel is the right thing . 
I wanna be remembered making a positive impact on people . Lately I have been stump with new ideas and the most common thing that comes to mind is to make a totally awesome park or a school that is one of kind . What will the future bring while I'm still in the present ? 
gonna zone out into my fantasy world now , oh whelp cya XD 
agl ? My coolest friends ? Thats the reason ! shout out my sibs Stiven , < PROPFIRST > , along kathiie , and < PROPFIRST > . Jeantiel and shyra are as they were in advisory which rocks ! Cant forget niari , mellica , and corlena . Hm ? did i forget jezze , < PROPFIRST > L or < PROPFIRST > too ? Burak , Imram , Tashy , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and Mohamet , < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > pastrana , Angelica , < PROPMALE > of course Lindel . < PROPFIRST > where you at ? Like this , come back , contact me to end my rap . 
I laugh a lot but the best way i ever laugh is when i fall laughin , my ribs hurt and tears come . 
Bulbasaur , cyndaquil , mudkip , treecko , piplup , idk this one but its the water otter in black and white and these are starter poke choices ! 
Sometimes i dont know what to think , write or say , and other times the things i do is differently seen from me . I may seem uncertain but it`s this belief thats makes me strive to be a change in the world . 
you ask me whats on my mind , but if there is nothing on my mind , then it's technically on my mind in the first place . so wow . Either that or i'm just to lazy to reveal what maybe on my mind and could just be putting this philosophical statement on the spot , hence improve on f.b. 
happy nautral pi day X-X 
Guess i really am a dreamer but that's reality 
i may seem and behave immaturely and weird , and i do because i have the guts to do so without feeling different ! XD YEA ! 
