Ive just been recruited into the Facebook army . I shall serve my country well . Now im waiting for something new to happen ... 

Getting absorbed in My Bloody Valentine .... where'd the time go ? 
I am you , and what I see is me . 
Why the shiznit am I up this early ? 
I just sold half of my room to invest in shamanic initiatory tonic herbs on my path towards spiritual enfoldment . What the hell am I doing with my life you ask ? Living it ! 
I just pawned some expensive crap yesterday . Hoping to invest in shamanic initiatory tonic herbs to accompany my meditative practices . 
Nature has allowed us the luxury to make mistakes , because we must have the possibility of being creative . 
Nature has allowed Us the luxury of making mistakes , because We must have the possibility to be creative . 
Nature has allowed us the luxury to make mistakes , because humanity must have the possibility of being creative . 
The opposite of the closed mind is the openness to interiority . 
Our ideas of \good\ " and \ " evil\ " are only relative values and must not be used as an absolute standard by which we judge people . " 
Our ideas of \good\ " and \ " evil\ " are only relative values and must not be used as an absolute standard by which we judge others . " 
Last night I dreamt that I died and embraced an unknown fate . There was no fear , no resistance , only a beautiful liberation .... 
Om Tat Tvam Asi 
The harmonic nature of music demonstrates the great < PROPFEMALE > of creation . 
I couldn't be on a more perfect path , as I direct my Self towards perfection . 
The Universe is a Breath . What allows you to exist ? Are you breathing right now ? Become it . 
As Above , So Below 
It's just easier to get things on paper . I've made notes on this here Facebook . If anyone would like to discourse ! 
Sometimes there is a moment as you are awakening when you become aware of the real world around you , but you are still dreaming . You may think you can fly but you better not try . People can fly . 
All causes of suffering come from the misidentification of Self . The ego veils the truth . It needs to struggle in order to survive , to grasp an understanding of everything which can never be grasped . To live means to BE . Consciousness is not something I am doing , nor something I possess . To bring attention to myself is to realize that I AM Consciousness . I do not wish for anything because I am everything . 
A wise , discriminating person sees all worldly experiences as painful , because of reasoning that all these experiences lead to more consequences , anxiety , and deep habits , as well as acting in opposition to the natural qualities . Because the worldly experiences are seen as painful , it is the pain , which is yet to come that is to be avoided and discarded . 
