needs to rent the third season of < PROPMALE > 

cant wait for college football to start 
is apparently a true neutral 
Banana Banana Banana Terracotta Banana Terracotta Terracotta Pie ! Banana Banana Banana Terracotta Banana Terracotta Terracotta Pie ! 
poker anyone ? 
LIAR !!! LIAR !!! 
anyone want to play poker 
watchin college football 
\\/\\/ l-l0 \\/\\// \\5 l+0l\\l3 
is listening to radiohead 
cmon kansas hold on 
cant believe he thought the chiefs could win today 
hasn't posted a status update in a while 
is messing with his new camera 
I can hear voices calling And I can feel weight upon my mind You'll hold my hand in your hand And after I'm gone you'll still have Time to figure out the things , The things that left me empty inside 
I'm still afraid of ghosts that can see me They know my thoughts , they read my mind Beside myself I judge my condition I close my eyes but can't go blind 
Whenever I'm on my computer , I don't type \lol\ " . I type \ " lqtm\ " : \ " laugh quietly to myself\ " . It's more honest . " 
ROCK CHALK KU 81-79 Collins is a BEAST ! 
I have voices in my head , but they're all speaking Spanish , and I have NO idea what they're saying . 
I think the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades 
KU win + Syracuse loss = ku #1 
Now we grieve cause now is gone Things were good when we were young 
We are the spark We are the great We keep our cities Loud and far We keep their ears glued To the streets We are the underground -the < PROPMALE > bondies 
Rock Chalk Big 12 finals were gonna win this whole thing 
Big 12 champs and i have a feeling that this wont be the only tournament we win this year 
listening to < PROPMALE > sucks 
Watching Cloverfield love this movie 
filling out last minute bracket im thinkin self vs calipari round 2 
Of course . How sssselfish of me . Let's do all the things that YOU wanna do . 
Happy easter everybody 
< PROPFEMALE > Police I've given all I can It's not enough I've given all I can But we're still on the payroll 
Too hard on the brakes again What if these brakes just give in ? What if they don't get out of the way ? What if there's someone overtaking ? I'm going out for a little drive And it could be the last time you see me alive 
thanks to everybody who wished me a happy birthday 
You do it to yourself , you do And that's what really hurts Is that you do it to yourself Just you and no one else You do it to yourself You do it to yourself 
There's a door open to walk through All I want is just beyond What if I could let my guard down Into freedom , on and on 
just bought a new laptop 
I'm child and man and child again A toy broken boy soldier I'm child and man then child again The boy never gets older 
I'd like to be One of the faithful millions But what I see Is an excuse for the killing Your denomination Should be a private thingHow about a spirit For all human beings 
I want to , I want to be someone else or I'll explode Floating upon the surface for The birds , the birds , the birds 
In a little while I'll be gone The moment's already passed Yeah it's gone And I'm not here This isn't happening I'm not here I'm not here 
Imagine there's no Heaven It's easy if you try No hell below us Above us only sky Imagine all the people Living for today Imagine there's no countries It isn't hard to do Nothing to kill or die for And no religion too Imagine all the people Living life in peace 
I can't tell you what you want to hear I can't give you what you need to heal I can't touch you what you need to feel 
see what can happen when the < PROPMALE>'s bullpen doesnt blow up 
is listening to some sigur ros great band 
Everyone Everyone around here Everyone is so near It's holding on It's holding on 
Give me an answer Give me a sign I've been climbing up this ladder I've been wasting my time 
How come I end up where I started ? How come I end up where I went wrong ? Won't take my eyes off the ball again You reel me out then you cut the string 
I feel my time is slipping away Every minute gone by seems like a day I’ll never get back the things I lost along the way What the hell is wrong with me ? This isn’t who I’m supposed to be I feel more alone every day And just so far away I know something’s got to change Inside of me 
I do not Understand What it is I've done wrong\ 
Full of holes Check for pulse Blink your eyes One for yes Two for no\ 
I have no idea what I am talking about I am trapped in this body and can't get out 
Faith , you're driving me away You do it everyday You don't mean it But it hurts like hell\ 
My brain says I'm receiving pain A lack of oxygen From my life support My iron lung 
Take me to that summer past And tell me is it really worth remembering ? I realize that music then Was really just a song in my head And though the fun has past Those mythic dreams would never last 
It's the devil's way now There is no way out You can scream and you can shout It is too late now Because you're not there 
Tell me would you kill to save a life ? Tell me would you kill to prove you're right ? Crash , crash , burn , let it all burn This hurricane's chasing us all underground 
Pray to your god , open your heart Whatever you do , don't be afraid of the dark Cover your eyes , the devil inside\ 
One night of the < PROPMALE > One day I will get revenge One night to remember One day it'll all just end 
Bummed out again by your only business friend The smell of fear is thicker than you think Don't do it Don't jump\ 
Changed shape to fit In the end you just feel sick A million love songs under anaesthetic Hey don't do it Don't jump 
I walked the line , the line I choose I see the people in front of me I climbed the wall , the wall of news I watched them show the tragedy 
And it rained all night and then all day The drops were the size of your hands and face The worms come out to see what's up We pull the cars up from the river\ 
It's relentless Invisible Indefatigable Indisputable Undeniable 
We don't want to believe that the world Can still move on We don't want to believe that the sun can Still shine on\ 
If we're gonna kill each other how we Gonna live forever If we're gonna live forever how we gonna Kill each other 
certain death haven't had the heart to yet maybe by the time we meet you can recognize a change in me baby , certain death haven't had the < PROPMALE > to yet maybe by the time we meet you can recognize a change in me 
A line is drawn up in the sand Is this the way to no where land You've never seen the sky like this You never want die like this\ 
Comets falling for the earth Is this the end or a rebirth You never seen the sky like this You never want die like this 
I know it's really hard to see That We are the enemyI know it's really hard to see That We are the enemy of the earth 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly All your life You were only waiting for this moment to arise\ 
Black bird singing in the dead of night Take these sunken eyes and learn to see all your life you were only waiting for this moment to be free 
The normal make a living , the deranged make history 
According to the Los < PROPFEMALE > Times , 63% of families in < PROPFEMALE > are now considered dysfunctional . That means that we are the majority . It's the people with the mom , dad , brother , sister , white picket fence , those people are the * freaks* ! 
People can no longer cover their eyes , If this disturbs you then walk away ! You will remember the night You were struck by the sight of , Ten thousand fists in the air ! 
I don't care if it hurts I want to have control I want a perfect body I want a perfect soul I want you to notice When I'm not around You're so fucking special I wish I was special\ 
But I'm a creep I'm a weirdo 
When I try to open up to you I get completely lost Houses swallowed by the earth , windows thick with frost And I reach deep down within , but the pathways twist and turnand there’s no light anywhere , and nothing left to burn\ 
And I am this great , unstable mass of blood and foam And no emotion that’s worth having could call my heart its home My heart’s an autoclave My heart’s an autoclave 
Congrats to the 2010 graduating class 
you're so pretty , i could burst and i wonder , who's gonna talk first my muscles all shaking , and blood's turned to foam it's tuesday , and you're going home . 
woke up afraid of my own shadow Like , Genuinely afraid headed for the pawnshop To buy myself a switchblade Someday somethings coming From way out beyond the stars To kill us while we stand here It will store our brains in < PROPMALE > jars And then the girl behind the counter asks \How do you feel today ? \ " and I say \ " I feel like Lovecraft in Brooklyn ! \"" 
Finally beat < PROPFIRST > at basketball 
New slang when you notice the stripes , the dirt in your fries . \ 
Hope it's right when you die , old and bony . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > breaks like a bull through the hall , \ 
Never should have called\ 
But my head's to the wall and i'm lonely . 
Map-quest directions should start at #5 ... I think I can get out my neighborhood on my own . 
Have you ever thought that perhaps < PROPFEMALE>'s map is trying to kill her ? I mean really , look at all the danger he puts her in 
A good friend will bail you out of jail , but a best friend will bail you out and say \HAHA I TOLD YOU I COULD RUN FASTER ! \"" 
After reading about 100 things to do before you die , I couldn't help wondering why \yell for help\ " wasn't on the list ? " 
If Green means GO and Red means STOP ! What does Yellow mean ? Speed the hell up , its almost red . 
There are no secrets in life , just hidden truths that lie beneath the surface 
Human bonds always lead to messy complications . Commitment . Sharing . Driving people to the airport . 
We create our own < PROPFEMALE > every day we live 
R . I . P Big 12 
On another day c'mon c'mon With these ropes I tied can we do no wrong Now we grieve cause now is gone Things were good when we were young With my teeth locked down I can see the blood Of a thousand men who have come and gone Now we grieve cause now is gone Things were good when we were young 
It's said that everything is connected to everything . The butterfly effect . You drop a pebble into a pond and the ripples radiate outward , affecting everything . Until finally a fish grows arms and legs and crawls out of the water , and picks up a rock and smashes the next two fish over the head , and we have the first serial killer . 
I ain't happy . I'm feeling glad . I got sunshine in a bag . I'm useless , but not for long . The future is coming on . 
Never let the facts get in the way of the truth 
I believe in nothing\ 
One-hundred suns ' til we part\ 
Not in Satan and not in God\ 
Not in peace and not in war\ 
But the truth in who we are\ 
I believe in nothing 
home movies is such an awkward show 
Sometimes I don't know why we'd rather live than die , We look up towards the sky for answers to our lives . We may get some solutions but most just pass us by 
The truth hurts so bad , wouldn't you say ? So why tell it ? If ignorance is bliss , Then I'm in heaven now . 
Limb by limb and tooth by tooth Tearing up inside of me Every day every hour I wish that I was bullet proof 
Some days it seems it's not worth it The fight in me is all gone And I'm not trying to be perfect But just get one damn thing done Before I lose control I pick myself from the floor 
Although the summer's past Those mythic dreams would never last Do I care anymore And if it makes you sad Remember all the things you have That can't be bought 
I want something good to die for To make it beautiful to live . I want a new mistake , loses more than hesitates . Do you believe it in your head ? 
I’m running aimless just to Try to and find a place to belong I try explaining , but the words are Always coming out wrong There’s so much more to myself than this 
ain’t nobody around i’m just sitting here by myself with next to nothing on my mind ain’t nobody around i’m just sitting here by myself relaxing on the borderline 
I hope I become a ghost . I hope I can see the end of time . I hope I become a ghost . And make sure the future turns out fine I hope I become a ghost . Oh , when the world is said and done The stars will become so close And there will be nowhere that I can't run 
Distracted by irrelevance The stress and the tension Crawling through the keyhole I'm in a lull 
Keep it to yourself Make your life a living hell Die a little every day Most people die that way 
Fumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen Pour myself a cup of ambition and Yawn and stretch and my life is a mess and If I never make it home today , God bless . 
Has anyone really been as far as decided to use even want to go look more like ? 
Is thinking system of a down needs to get back together serjs solo stuff just isnt the same 
God i love < PROPFIRST > Sandler 
Take care now bye bye then -Ace Ventura 
Alllllllrighty then 
thinks Said Jeilani is a freak 
never forgive and never forget 
Kansas seriously ... where was this last week ? ROCK CHALK 
ROCK CHALK UPSET 28-25 
Did Kanye West just toast himself ? 
Thinks music is mankinds best creation 
The Chiefs may not be a powerhouse but man they are quick KC up 21-7 half !!!! 
Damn that game was intense ... CHIEFS WIN 21 14 !!!! 
Is it just me or is it still wierd not seeing Mangino on the sidelines ? 
wow really ? CMON KANSAS YOU GUYS ARE BETTER THEN THIS 
Who wants to live forever ? Who wants to live forever ? Forever is our today Who waits forever anyway ? 
Jigsaw falling into place There is nothing to explain Ignore each other as you pass She keeps going , you look back Not just once Not just twice 
I blame said 
When you do things right , people wont be sure youve done anything at all 
Can anyone say blowout ? Lets see espn look past us now 
Haha dont underestimate < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
Chiefs having 2 plays in an espn top ten ? Wow havent seen that in a while . 
Royals in mid season form ! Too bad its the end of september . Up by 5 top of the third 
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view , until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it . \ 
-To Kill a Mockingbird 
< PROPMALE > season 1 marathon ? Hell yeah ! 
All you can do is play along at life and hope that sometimes you get it right . \ 
- < PROPMALE > 
Happy tenth Kid A !! 
Chiefs are the only undefeated team left . Now we have to go to indianapolis then < PROPMALE > . Lets do this !! 
Let the dead bury the dead 
Cmon Crennel time to work your magic . 
Oh well ... < PROPMALE > better watch out next week our defense is legit even if our offense isnt 
I keep the wolf from the door But he calls me up Calls me on the phone Tells me all the ways that he's gonna mess me up Steal all my children If I don't pay the ransom But I'll never see them again If I squeal to the cops 
War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength 
Vrabel as a reciever ? Whatever works 
Cassel is lookin good today ... what happened ? 
These refs are gonna cost us this game 
The worse team won today ... if refs do their f***in jobs the chiefs win no doubt about it 
New < PROPMALE > episode !!! 
Life is but a memory Happened long ago . Theatre full of sadness For a long forgotten show . Seems so easy Just to let it go on by Till you stop and wonder Why you never wondered why . 
Just learned that an hour an a half can really fly by quick 
Common fears start to multiply We realize we're paralyzed Where'd it go , All that precious time ? Did we even try to stem the tide ? 
It's not too late To feel a little more alive Make an escape Before we start to vaporize 
Remember what they say There's no shortcut to a dream It's all blood and sweat And life is what you manage in between 
Hali is such a beast 
Previously on < PROPMALE > ... 
In the deepest ocean The bottom of the sea Your eyes They turn me Why should I stay here ? Why should I stay ? I'd be crazy not to follow Follow where you lead Your eyes They turn me 
Time has a way and now I see What happened to all , all of my dreams Now and then I feel incomplete But I won't live my life in defeat 
\hip hop is basically the struggle to bring beverages to yo mouth\ " \ 
In times of trouble Everyone joins a team No one waves a flag For all human beings No one's excited Unless they are divided Someone's going to have to give in It seems uncertain 
Said looks like < PROPFEMALE > from Dragon Ball Z 
Thinks 5-2 sounds pretty damn good 
Dexter = Amazing show to watch on halloween 
Rock Chalk Comeback !!! 
Talking to < PROPFEMALE > .. Good times 
Wow its pretty bad when the refs dont even know what down it is . I mean come on ! 
We did it last week , we can do it again . Bring on overtime ! 
I wanna feel a change I dont mind if it hurts You take away the pain Youre the only thing thats pure 
Like this and ill give you a truth . 
A lie is a lie ... unless your friends and family are in on it . Then it's a \commonly held belief . \"" 
The only difference between medicine and poison is the dose . 
Pokemon for the win .... 
\Tick tick tick . That's the sound of your life running out . \"" 
Inbox me a question . Get an answer . Simple stuff . Go ! 
Driving to the airport at 11:20 . Fun stuff . 
Awesome night ? Definatley . 
Only three more episodes of < PROPMALE > left ? Man it feels like it started just yesterday . 
got off black ops for her .. thats it im whipped . haha 
loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boomgarden 
No phone until Monday . God i hate sprint 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody . 
Did I fall or was I pushed ? Did I fall or was I pushed ? And where’s the blood ? Where’s the blood ? 
Got lucky and got his phone back but lost all his contacts . Text me your name . 
Anyone ready for an upset ? Rooooock chaaaalk Jaaaaayhaaawk KU 
Just completed the M-I-Z chant for a certain someone .. I don't know what to say haha 
Wow .. Kansas really sucks . Jesus Christ 
Okay after a game like that it must be said .. \ 
M-I-Z- 
Two episodes of < PROPMALE > back to back ? Please and thank you . 
Dumb bet on my part .. I look weird in black and gold 
Got weird looks all day today and i'm not sure why .. 
What's on my mind Facebook ? Do you have to ask ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boomgarden . That's what . 
Is jealous of Said Jeliani 
Watching the 2008 NCAA basketball champoinship . Great game . 
Man Chalmer's shot to tie the game still gives me chills . 
Message me a number 1-1000 and I'll tell you my honest opinion of you on my status . 
963 : I'm glad we started talking this year . You're like the closest friend i have . I'm sorry for bein a < PROPMALE > way back in fifth grade haha . But thanks for bein an awesome friend . Friends for life . Love you 
299 : You seem cool . And your car cracks me up haha . But also you're kinda white haha just kidding . 
12 ... : I didn't exactly get the point for the dots or why i had to put them in the status . But you've made freshmen and sophmore year bearable . Thanks for bein a good friend . 
777 : You're too black for your own good . Honestly it's getting ridiculous . Also you better be watching the KU game . It's a good one so far . 
991.17836491201634637812 : Did it honestly have to be that long ?! Well anyway i love you even though you are of a different race . And you're sometimes a little too gay .. Just sayin 
4 : You seem like a cool guy . And also i'm glad that video got erased from your phone . That was embarrassing as fuck . 
1223446795322456421896532 : Honestly can you read ? 1-1000 . Well .. Spanish class is fun even though you mooch off me for paper and answers alot of the time haha 
9 : Achievement freshman year was fun . And also you're pretty cool most of the time . And kind of a crack baby haha 
238 : Honestly you're a cool person . And i'm kinda confused about what is goin on with you and your boyfriend . We should talk sometime . 
25 : You're awesome ! Oh and i love you kinda . You're kinda like a brother . 
27 : This one is going to be pretty obvious . But you're the best brother ever . Honestly talking to you about shit has gotten easier and easier over the years . And look at that no fist fighting in almost a year . Wow ! haha 
738 : Honestly talking to you is alot easier now than it was last year . I'm not sure what has changed but thanks for listening to me and bein a friend to me . 
Well , Jesus Christ I’m not scared to die I’m a little bit scared of what comes after Do I get the gold chariot Do I float through the ceiling Do I divide and fall apart Cause my bright is too slight to hold back all my dark 
Your weakness is copper ? You're kidding right ? 
A study found that 12 out of 40 umpires need new glasses . \ 
\ 
HAHAHA 
Don't die on the motorway . The < PROPFEMALE > would freeze the plants would die . I couldnt cope if you crashed today . All of the things i forgot to say .. 
This went by too fast . Please let this last 5 minutes go by quickly . The finale is almost here ! 
Why don't we move ourselves up the road ? I don't know which turn was wrong . But the roughest roads are the ones that take us home . 
One day i'll be wondering how i got so old just wondering how . 
God you don't want to answer me But if you do , you'd better agree God you've got the strangest sense of humor You're too funny to be so heavenly 
Sometimes i wish i was smart . I wish i made cures for how people are . I wish i had power . I wish i could need . Wish i could change the world for you and me . 
If I open both of my eyes , I still see an empty space , so empty But if I keep them closed Then there's still a < PROPMALE > that something is out there 
You are so unpredictable . Sometimes i'd like to be that way . Your charm so irrestible . You are really somethin else . 
You know I'd wait forever If I have time to But I don't have forever To wait for you yeah So when I say I want Us to be together Just say you want me too And I'll be yours forever 
You could be the end of me Too many shades of gray It's just another pointless game that we play I couldn't tell the truth I'll never make you stay Because tomorrow always happens yesterday 
And the governor's cup goes to ... 
Is thinking pretty awesome night ! :) 
Has a crush on < PROPFEMALE > Treble-Clef < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Is smiling because of her :) 
God what an awesome night :) 
Damn the Chiefs are lookin good today . I can see the playoffs in their future . 
I wish I could see you I'm stuck in a fog I wish I had < PROPFEMALE > A virtue says god I wish I had wishes A gold magic charm I'd wish for more time I'd wish to go far away 
Do you feel lucky ? Tomorrow's another day Can you walk on water maybe ? Turn water into wine ? Can I buy you a drink there lady ? Can you tell me another lie ? 
It only takes one tree to make a thousand matches . It only takes one match to burn a thousand trees . 
It sounds like a whisper It seems like a dream It breaks and it falls It tears at the seam Suppose that it happens Suppose that it's real Supposing you're right Suppose it won't heal forever 
I'm not the type of guy to plea with the sky above Or with the demon under me But to say that there's a reason for everything Makes me , doubtful and intrigued to say the least 
The building turned it's back ignored my call , The concrete looks too thin to break my fall , The sunset stretched across this nighttime scene , I counted people as I neared the street below 
You can find yourself a God Believe in which one you want Cause they love you all the same They just go by different names Did ya fly your flag today ? Are you proud or just ashamed ? 
There's always time to complain about the weather Seasons change in a day just like each other But we wait for summer 
Is probably not going to set his phone on the counter while he showers anymore .. Awkward stuff tends to happen . 
Trust i seek and i find in you . Everyday for us something new . Open eye for a different view . And nothing else matters . 
I see fallen angels When I try to go to sleep And they're always watching I see fallen angels As I'm walking in the streets Silently preparing For what they'll do to me 
Did we lose ourselves again ? Did we take in what's been said ? Did we take the time to be , All the things we said we'd be ? So we bury hopes in sand And my future's in my hands 
The visions come during day or night Angels , devils pray on my weak condition And out of reach there's a < PROPFEMALE > light That could set things right if I could change position 
Love , hate , and then there's you . 
My eyes don't see the obvious It's way too far to go Forget about the rest of me There's nothing left to know 
You just plain can't stop < PROPFIRST > . 
You can count on me like 1 2 3 I'll be there . And i know when i need it i can count on you like 4 3 2 You'll be there . 
Got a false sense of security Giving me a real sense of insecurity Messing with my head now , head down What the fuck is wrong with me A false sense of security Is fucking with my head 
Do you care if i don't know what to say Will you sleep tonight , will you think of me Will i shake this off pretend its all okay That there's someone out there who feels just like me There is 
Never opened myself this was . Life is ours we live it our way . All these words i don't just say . And nothing else matters . 
\I can't balance water !! \ " \ 
Tourists stare at tourist stops One more picture one more God Another top up for a change It makes you think , it makes you sane Talking more about yourself There's a mirror too , have a check Checks are always passing through Some depart but a lot come too 
And I'll miss your laugh your smile I'll admit I'm wrong if you'd tell me I'm so sick of fights , I hate them Lets start this again for real So here I am I'm trying So here I am are you ready ? 
I'm quiet you know You make a first impression I've found I'm scared to know I'm always on your mind Even the best fall down sometimes Even the stars refuse to shine Out of the back you fall in time I somehow find you and I collide 
1-10-2011 <3 
I tried to pull it apart and put it back together No point in living in my adolescent dreams Inspired by true events on movie screens I am a one man wrecking machine 
You have , broken through my armor And I don't have an answer I love you all the same I paint , the things I want to see But it don't come easy I love you all the same 
Is < PROPFEMALE>'s B ** ** Y 
If Heaven and Hell decide That they both are satisfied Illuminate the NOs on their vacancy signs If there's no one beside you When your soul embarks Then I'll follow you into the dark 
When time is in your pocket And you've got no where to go Let the moment take you higher Light a fire in the snow 
Im honestly a creepy fellow 
If only the sun would take me . If only the wind were on my side . 
Loves going to sleep with a smile on his face . (: 
A lie is a lie even if everybody believes it . The truth is the truth even if nobody believes it . 
I believe in a world that can take you high In a place where < PROPFEMALE > can prevail I believe in a thought that can set you free And the seeds of hatred always fail 
Has the most amazing girlfriend ever . (: 
And in every single letter of every single word there will be a hidden message about a boy that loves a girl . 
Baby i'm amazed by you . 
Have I seen you somewhere baby ? Oh no I need another line Are you living the dream there lady ? Oh no Can I tell you what's inside ? 
Are all republicans as clueless as < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? 
Caught off guard . All worked up . The air is as dark and cold as night . Let me go . I'm not done . I swear i'll take just one lifetime . 
Their the ones who'll hate you when you think you have the world all sussed out . Their the ones who'll spit at you . You will be the one screaming out . 
Be who you are , and say what you feel , because those that matter won't mind , and those that mind , won't matter . 
is listening to Radiohead .. Fun stuff 
The writings on the wall , you've read that I'll be gone , but if you call my name Just know that I'll come running , for one more night to spare with you This is where I'm meant to be , please don't leave me 
I know what you're thinking But I'm not your property No matter what you say No matter what you say Move along , there's nothing left to see Just a body , nothing left to see 
And I’m left in the wake of the mistake , slow to react So even though you’re so close to me You’re still so distant And I can’t bring you back 
When you were here before Couldn't look you in the eye You're just like an angel Your skin makes me cry You float like a feather In a beautiful world I wish I was special You're so fucking special 
Click click then you < PROPFEMALE > the phone up After talking late into the daylight Telling stories how we'd like to do it The mind can be a playground if you use it 
Three weeks . (: 
Is absolutley , positively , without a doubt crazy about < PROPFEMALE > Boomgarden . (: 
The sun sets in the sky You're the apple of my eye If the bomb goes off again Blows my brain around the train And I hope that I'm with you Cause I wouldn't know what to do It means nothing If i haven't got you 
Very well might be the luckiest guy on earth . 1-10-2011 <3 
You and me have seen everything to see From Bangkok to Calgary And the soles of your shoes are all worn down The time for sleep is now It's nothing to cry about\ 
' cause we'll hold each other soon 
And then last night i had that strange dream Where everything was exactly how it seemed Where concerns about the world getting warmer The people thought they were just being rewarded For treating others as they like to be treated For obeying stop signs and curing diseases For mailing letters with the address of the sender Now we can swim any day in november 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boomgarden is the prettiest , funniest , most amazing girlfriend EVER ! <3 <3 <3 
is in love with three sounds , The sound of Rain , The sound of a fan to fall asleep to , And the sound of her voice <3 
is Whipped . What can i say ? 
\It's insulen 
Is not a puppy . 
My last status was indeed false ... The truth is i'm < PROPFEMALE > Jbvbt Boomgarden's puppy . 
I'm tired . This game's so dumb . She never played , her race is won . I'm tired . Can't smile no more . I'll sure cave in just like before . 
Ughh . :/ 
Four weeks .. 
I'm fucking angry now , but you don't mean enough Tomorrows yesterday will turn your memory into dust I like the way that sounds I like the way it feels To take away from those who steal 
You took me over the moment you walked in the room I lose my mind every time I see you coming Should I give in this time ? Although I don't know how You got me going now You got me going 
Is incredibly happy . One month . <3 (: 
Got his hair cut .. Really short .. 
Riding home listening to my dad singing to < PROPMALE > mars .. My life might be complete . 
Let's play everyone loses to dad .. < PROPFEMALE > pong is fun . 
The letters keep coming by . To let us know when time will die . And please god will you forgive us ? And give us one more try ? 
Got abandoned in a black neighborhood by my brother .. 
And when you're walking keep your head low . Try to leave no traces where you go . Stay weightless , formless , blameless , nameless . 
Faith , you're driving me away . You do it everyday . You don't mean it but it hurts like hell . 
I believe in a world that can take you high . I believe in a thought that can touch the sky . I believe in peace and < PROPFEMALE > . I believe that you belong with me . 
One , one way ride . To the stars of your eyes . Touch your skin . I cave in . <3 Great night . (: 
Gotta get that feelin , god i love this feelin . Someone better stop me cause this time i'm winnin . 
Saw The Sidewalk Prophets on the sidewalk . Doesn't get much more authentic than that . 
Six weeks <3 
I dreamt that I was perched atop a throne of human skulls On a < PROPMALE > above the ocean , howling wind and shrieking seagulls And the dream went on forever , one single static frame Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name 
My < PROPFEMALE > you make me go crazy forever amaze me Now let's let the day go lazy My < PROPFEMALE > you know what i'm after Your musical laughter a more beautiful disaster 
For you , baby there's so much that I will do , to be near the sweetness of you . Funny everything seems so new , when with you . 
And I do believe it’s true That there are roads left in both of our shoes But if the silence takes you Then I hope it takes me too So brown eyes I hold you near Cause you’re the only song I want to hear A < PROPFEMALE > softly soaring through my atmosphere Where soul meets body 
Oh girl it's true , i can never be away from you . It's like you gloss your lips with glue . When we kiss it's like i'm stuck to you . <3 
Seven weeks <3 (: 
And i don't feel great but it doesn't bother me because i don't have the energy and the x-ray doesn't tell me anything or show me what the hell you see in me 
Remember when we were angels Before we stole cars And when sex and drugs Lived up in another world ... Not a care in the world . 
Give me an answer . Give me a sign . I've been climbing up this ladder . Have i been wastin my time ? 
Eight weeks . <3 
Holy god , music is amazing . 
Has an ear infection .. Oh joy . 
Give me your hand Come walk with me girl Nothing's that far when your near So come even closer to me Something so easy to do 
Two months . <3 
Is the luckiest guy on earth . <3 (: 
Damn .. Pretty amazing weekend (: 
3 nights with her . 3 amazing nights . Coincidence ? Don't think so . (: 
Thinks there is something wrong with people that don't love Coldplay . Great stuff . 
Is .. Happy . Wow universe . You got me . Great night . (: 
And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go 
Wow , what a day . (: Happy St. Partick's day to me . <3 
My heart is yours . It's you that I hold on to . That's what I'll do . But I know I was wrong , And I won't let you down . 
And I want her , need her . And I want her , need her . And I . And I . And I . 
Now has a date to prom .. The girl i love .. <3 \ 
1/10/11 <3 (: 
Said Jeilani has herpes ... 
Has the coolest girlfriend in the entire world !!!! <3 <3 <3 
Fuck wind . 
Is finally going home ! 
Best round of mini golf ever . <3 (: 
When did our leaders become bottom feeders ? We're shooting up flares . Is anyone there ? 
Doesn't know where to go from here .. 
However far away , I will always love you\ 
However long I stay , I will always love you\ 
Whatever words I say , I will always love you\ 
I will always love you <3 
Thank you for making the last three months of my life amazing . (: I love you < PROPFEMALE > . <3 Happy three months . <3 (: 
I need to be bold . Need to drop in the cold water . Need to grow old with a girl like you . <3 (: \ 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > . (: 
Can't feel his lips .. 
LOVES < PROPFEMALE > BOOMGARDEN ! (: 
< PROPFEMALE > is the one for me <3 (: 
BIRTHDAY PARTAY ! 
is a big jerk ! 
These are the days that last forever A time in my life i won't surrender For better or worse , these are the days In my life i've loved no other We all have pain , we all have suffered For better or worse , these are the days I will remember 
Oh beautiful girl , you are the reason i smile (: \ 
I love you so much , < PROPFEMALE > . <3 (: 
Thank you to everybody who wished me a happy birthday . \ 
And thank you < PROPFEMALE > . (: I'm so glad i could spend the day with you . (: I love you . <3 (: 
And I don't want the world to see me Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am 
Type your name : Andrew\ 
Type your name with your elbow : andrew\ 
Eyes closed : Andrew\ 
Type your name with your nose : andrew\ 
Slam face into keyboard : v fhcj \ 
copy this status , delete my answers , and see how you do ! 
Had an amazing time at prom . <3 (: 
One more time to say i love always and keeping faith letting love find a way . <3 
It seems like i just can't stop screwing up . 
Absolutely loves < PROPFEMALE > Boomgarden . Four months tomorrow . <3 (: 
Four months . <3 I love you < PROPFEMALE > . (: 
Alright Gambino is a mastermind .. 
Chillin with my ( insert black derogatory term here ) Said Jeilani 
Copy this if you're brave .. For the next 24 hours I will not lie . Inbox or text me any question and I will answer it honestly . It will stay between us . 
Now i'm trying to wake you up to pull you from the liquid sky cause if i don't we'll both end up with just a song to say good bye . My oh my . 
FINALLY got an interview ! 
Great night with < PROPFEMALE > . (: Now i just got to get ready for my first day tomorrow ! 
First day .. 
First REAL day .. 
01100001011011100110010001100001011101010111001001100001 <3 
TBH .. Like my status .. 
Sometimes I forget I'm still awake I fuck up and say these things out loud My old friend I swear I never meant for this I never meant .. 
Most amazing five months of my life . <3 I love you < PROPFEMALE > . (: 
He was in the habit of taking things for granted Granted , there wasn't much for him to take And the only thing constant was the constant reminder he'd never change Tight fisted with his compliments , it didn't seem to bother him that talk is even cheaper told in bulk And the only thing constant was the constant reminder He'd never change 
And the only thing contant was the constant reminder he'd never change .. 
Life is hard But so is everything Give my regards to a man who cares 
Is chillin with the best girlfriend ever . I love < PROPFEMALE > . (: 
Three out of five , three out of five ( it's not enough)\ 
Six out of ten\ 
Better luck next time\ 
Just like his Dad , just like his Dad ( the same mistakes)\ 
Some things will never be different 
Throwing up sucks . :/ 
I've taken hits like a brawler\ 
But I'm getting back up again\ 
And from the moment I saw her\ 
I was hell bent with heaven sent\ 
I'm throwing rocks at your window\ 
We're leaving this place together\ 
They say that we're flying too high\ 
Well get used to looking up 
Cause < PROPFEMALE > can , and < PROPFEMALE > can't say no And < PROPFEMALE > dies , if < PROPFEMALE > says it's so It's so ! And the anchorperson on TV goes ... La de da de da 
Can't sleep so he's watching space jam . I love this movie .. Haha . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s judicial system is fucked up .. Hopefully this will make people aware of that .. 
\I swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth\ " Doesn't mean much in < PROPFEMALE > anymore apparently .. " 
My heart is set on you\ 
I don’t want no one else\ 
And if you don’t want me\ 
I guess I’ll be all by myself 
Is in love with the most beautiful girl in the world . (: Happy six months < PROPFEMALE > . <3 (: 
And dear God , I found out the same things we learn when we die I found out the truth is it's all a big lie I find that the words are hard to describe I tell you I'm lost here , awaiting reply 
It's your time It's your day It's never too late To change lanes How's your life ? How's your place ? Was it where you wanted Your head to lay ? 
\John Lennon was in the Beatles ? \ " \ 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boomgarden ! I love you sooo much ! <3 (: 
Kill one man , you're a murderer , kill a million , a < PROPMALE > . Kill them all , a God . 
Weep for yourself , my man , You'll never be what is in your heart Weep Little Lion Man , You're not as brave as you were at the start Rate yourself and rake yourself , Take all the courage you have left Wasted on fixing all the problems That you made in your own head 
I'll tell another lie for you Tell you what you wanna hear , but that don't make it true I'll wear another smile for you That way you know I'm fine , and having fun with you 
Jesus was a hardcore ska punk . 
Misses her . :/ 
Today seems like a good day to burn a bridge or two . One with old wood creaking . Burn away right on cue . 
\Mainstream\ " music is such a joke . " 
Anger , stress and , secrets they won't break you ; wake up , Put aside like you're Feeling nothing ; freely speed up Bounding , Stepping , Jumping Jumper 
If life is a game , then death is the only winner . 
I don't mind the sun sometimes The images it shows I can taste you on my lips And smell you in my clothes Cinnamon and sugary And softly spoken lies You never know just how you look Through other people's eyes 
New computer (: 
Seven Months <3 (: 
Time to go to New York . (: 
Just got extorted by < PROPFIRST > mouse .. I'm definitely in new york .. 
Is in the garden state . 
If you ever have to stay at the econo lodge .. Don't . 
Just saw the rejectz at the airport . Fucking amazing . 
Might be stuck in new jersey for another night . That's just awesome . 
\You got < PROPFEMALE > town and little italy .. And then there's wall street which is basically little israel . \"" 
And if a double-decker bus Crashes into us To die by your side Is such a heavenly way to die And if a ten-ton truck Kills the both of us To die by your side Well , the pleasure - the privilege is mine 
Keep it to yourself . Make your life a living hell . Die a little everyday . Most people die that way . 
It's easier said than done What's done is never gone But what's gone ain't coming back What's gone ain't coming back 
Never forgive and never forget . 9/11/01 
Damn , damn girl you do it well\ 
And I thought you were innocent\ 
You took this heart and put it through hell\ 
But still you're magnificent \ 
I I'm a boomerang doesn't matter how you throw me\ 
Turn around and I'm back in the game\ 
Even better than the old me 
You're pretendin you're somethin you're not . You're collectin a head full of rot . You're self rightous . The butt of the joke . It's a secret that every one knows 
Wishes it didn't have to be like this . 
In these bodies we will live . In these bodies we will die . Where you invest your love is where you invest your life . 
When life leaves us blind , love keeps us kind . 
And there will come a time , you'll see , with no more tears . And love will not break your heart , but dismiss your fears . Get over your hill and see what you find there , With grace in your heart and flowers in your hair . 
And i'd die to win , cause i'm born to lose . 
Love ; it will not betray you Dismay or enslave you , it will set you free Be more like the man you were made to be 
TBH LMS .. I guess . 
Loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boomgarden 
So knock me down tear me up . But i would bear it all broken just to fill my cup . Down by the water down by the old main drag . 
\Heroin is spectacular\ " \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > needs to pay more attention in class .. 
It only takes one tree to make a thousand matches .. It only takes one match to burn a thousand trees . 
\The problem is that the people with the most ridiculous ideas are always the people who are most certain of them . \ " —Bill Maher " 
Dr. Jekyll is wrestling Hyde for my pride 
\I love you too now get the fuck outta the car ! \ " \ " Then get the fuck outta my drive way ! \ " Ahh love . <3 \ 
You'd kill yourself for recognition . Kill yourself to never ever stop . You broke another mirror and turned it into something you are not . 
What have i done ? It's too late for that . What have i become ? Truth is , nothing yet . 
Is 
Goodness knows i saw it coming . Or at least i'll claim i did . But in truth i'm lost for words 
This isn't it , tonight is not the end . We will meet again . This isn't it , It's not over . I'll be here , I'll be here until the end . 
Religion is regarded by the common people as true , by the wise as false , and by the rulers as useful . – Seneca the Younger 
They entered into a covenant to seek the Lord , the God of their fathers , with all their heart and soul ; and everyone who would not seek the Lord , the God of < PROPMALE > , was to be put to death , whether small or great , whether man or woman . ( 2 Chronicles 15:12 -13 NAB)\ 
So .. God wants to kill me .. That's just awesome . 
Well don't talk about it ; Write it down but don't ask for help . I can't be honest with even myself . Did you ever wish you were somebody else ? 
Can't make up his fucking mind . 
And how can you say that your truth is better than ours ? Shoulder to shoulder now brother we < PROPFEMALE > no arms . 
Took the g out of yo waffle all you got left is your ego . 
Today's break :\ 
Getting food .. 5 minutes\ 
Checking out .. 1 minute\ 
Getting my food out of the obscene amount of bags .. 6 minutes\ 
Eating my food .. 3 minutes 
That awkward moment when you see your brother pulling out of the driveway as you're commin home from school and you just flip eachother off . 
Made eye contact with a random person from up in the breakroom .. Most awkward 45 seconds of my day . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > McMurray 1994-2011 . If you saw this & didn't care . ( ignore it . ) If you saw this and got sad or cry . ( like it . ) If you would come to my funearl . ( comment with a heart . ) Make this your status & see who really cares about you . 
Running to < PROPFIRST > La Roche .. Hell yes . 
