new information as of today , my phone is still being held ransom . the person who has it is a freaky freak face pedophile rapist who goes threw peoples contacts and text's under aged girls asking for photos . what a supid ass 

is in Vegas :DDDD got here not to long ago . tomorrow I'm going to the stone show for a small amount of time , then sightseeing and hopefully roller coaster :] 
had tons of fun today :D Convention center from 8 to 11 then went off to the casino's with mother dear till dad caught up for dinner at 9 then we browsed the strip . i love this place :))) 
is happy to be home in bed ((: ^D 
food . nutrition . must have . Time for a cheese burger and glass of eggnog :) 
is feeling blah . Hate being sick >:[ 
ruined 2 not 1 but 2 important items on 2 separate trailers . 1 of them the locking mechanism broke and wont come off the ball and the other trailer wasn't locked all the way and jumped off the hitch , ran into the asphalt and i couldn't slow down without busting up my tailgate so i dragged it a block therefor the < PROPFIRST > broke off :( . silver lining , i had a decent excuse to use the cutting torch :/ suckish day 
Mom has sleepy spray that tastes like it should be sprayed on your eye's . I'm at work getting ready for flagstaff possibly :) 
california tomarrow :/ blahhhh 
40 < PROPMALE > from Disney . been driving since 6 so stopped at a Starbucks and am getting some nutrition :) 
just went across town doing 90-105 the whole way , I didnt think a prius could do it lol 
Is ready for turkey day to come :DD 
is microwaving a XXL HUNGRY MAN meal . The picture on the box looks delicious , the actual thing hmm not so much lol 
Starbucks :DDD 
So I just received a fraudulent check :DD Awesome ! 
I love being able to leave a glass of milk in the car and go back 2 hours later and it still be cold :DDDDDD 
is tired . Finished at the shop , ate at < PROPFIRST>'s and is ready to retreat to my ice cold fortress :))) :/ :) 
I love people who park dead center of two spaces . More so I love seeing them overreact when someone points it out . 
Just got back from Sedona . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Murphy died :.( 
is thinking of a plan for New Years : ?? 
Youth in Revolt at 8 :))) 
is experimenting with explosives ((: ^D 
is not going to bed until having had created a weapon of minor destruction . more or less something that looks cool but will probably blow up in my hand , I'm excited :D 
I now have a lake in my back yard :DD 
Wishes to go back to school 
has decided to not turn 18 . Any allegations opposing my will shall be denied and the accuser will find teeth marks on there left cheek . Why ? because I bit them in the face 
Getting pizza for the game . GO VIKINGS !! 
wishes for a change in scenery . I'm thinking green and cold 
won Shaggy , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > from the claw machine . I feel accomplished :) 
Whats your name ? < PROPFIRST > . Here on forth you shall be called Ting , my Chinese friend 
ebay just sent me a machete in the mail . I thought it was a small nothing knife . Next bear I see is going down :DDD ! 
so my dad just saw shia labeouf and < PROPFEMALE > fox walking threw Astansia 
false alarm . It was < PROPFIRST > muniz , he needs to get his celebrates strait 
I saw a family of wild pigs cross in front of my vehicle earlier this morning near pinnacle peak and pima :D 
The show is over :DD we took our booth apart and it is now a big pile of walls on top of walls on top of 2 trailers . I'm going to put pictures up later , it looked nice ( past tense ) at the moment it looks like it should be on its way to the dump haha I'm ready for a 14 hour nap 
So I am currently in a war with statistics and percentages 
I get to pull an all night-er tonight polishing dozens of marble tables with no company income . Skiddleedee :D 
Finished grinding tables at 4:40 and got a starbucks at 5 ( i didn't know they opened that early ) ate at dennys and went to bed at 6 . I'm ready for a movie :DDD 
can disassemble a phone in . 8 seconds 
2 weeks and finaly feeling better :DD 
back from flag , it snowed :) movie's tonight :DDD 
memorial tonight :// tired .. dont .. want .. to go . but going anyways . I need a new'er truck . Im getting 10 mpg :d 
I just chased down a very evasive ice cream truck , 8 U-turns it took . Probably could have gotten by with 6 but you know how much I love turning . I'm off to get a drug test (( 8^D that's my crack cocaine smiley face 8DDD 
is very very stressed . we're cleaning and sealing the floors at casino Arizona which wouldn't be so bad but there's 20 different areas to clean and its a complete construction site so there are people everywhere and we have to be done and out by the end of the week and so far after today we have 2 down and 18 or more to go 
Another not so awesome day at the casino . The building is packed full of big itchy assholes abusing the little power they think they have . been there all week and tomorrow is the last day , so I have something to look forward too . 
At nate and steph's house . I'm going to run by the shop , grab my book and go to starbucks :DD after that maybe a trip to space who knows , I dont 
I want to ask . I'm going to ask . Cool look distraction soda ! hmmm 
Awesome new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > song with b.o.b 
< PROPMALE > will always be my favorite Jew 
I have a plan to get out of phoenix by the end of this year . Will it fall threw ? probably but what an exciting thought . 
going to court tomorrow . 
I should stop doing this . I'm 40 < PROPMALE > away sitting in a dennys reading because I can't sleep . I need a hobby , maybe shoe cobbling ? 
I think the bus boy might be a rapist . Im gonna sprint to my car now 
rush and rou < PROPFEMALE > tte . i wanna scare myself . < PROPFEMALE > t < PROPFEMALE > ts jump off a building baby < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ts jump jump out a window . im ready for an adventure . 
i just finished odd < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > koontz you bastard 
Just finished the 3rd of the Odd series and am moving on to the last of them . 
I have my iPod and my book sitting at dennys in my coazy corner booth and my phone is dead so I'm with no alarm equiped communication devise to desturb my enjoyment . This is how I will make it though to tomorrow 
So hiding a fake gun in a restaurant because you didnt mean to pull it out and dont want to cause a scene .. causes a scene 
Sadly the face of a turtle humping is the funniest thing ive seen recently , next to the pokemon kid 
PVCC do we have school tonight ? Or is everything still shut down ?? 
I left a parking lot to get on the street which only went 1 way because of the curb bound median and there was a left turn opening so I went threw it to find it was for the opposing side of traffic and a truck was heading towards me so I jumped in revers back the 3 lanes to get to where I came from and waved to the guy as I followed traffic and he was laughing his ass off 
class at 3 to 6 then I dont know what 
I spilled spot remover on my dog , now he gone . 
\I hope they serve beer in hell\ " it's sooo depressing how much I identify with this guy " 
I need to get my truck from Ramone our car guy , go to school , and I havent even awkardly touched anyones ear yet 8/ I need a break .. off a piece of that kit . kat . bar 
Awesome week so far :) got up at 6 and I have lab tonight 6 to 10 . I assume we're having a test today 
Hmm < PROPFIRST>'s roadhouse leftovers . Is it me or does chicken just not taste right the second time around ?? 
Dear woman behind the counter at the General Store , No I do not need a bag , but I do want you to move your fat pessimistic ass to get me one . 
32 hours going for 44 
damn only 39 didnt even make it to 42 
< PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
is driving in the rain listening to the black keys . this is a good day 
at school waiting for my study < PROPMALE > ( pun intended ) 
I like that I hid a dollar between the booths cushons and it's still there 
need nutrition 
Nates template then verification . My weekend just turned blank and that is ok with me ! Going to work out maybe jog a mile or 2 when the temperature's appropriate then movie . Hit me up 
i wonder if theyll ever do a batman beyond movie 
my god it is freakin cold 
Up at 5:30 to jog then the Dump then Class 
Tomorrow , I'm suitin up ! and it .. will .. be .. legend , wait for it !! 
I need a lab coat . 
i need to be across town in 15min . freaking crap traffic 
Poorly structured schedule , why oh why do you not ever fault in my convenience 
is late for his first day of english :D 
Finished my homework . I'm tired , need food then I'm off to the gym then bed . Love having a 24 hours place just next door :) 
If I bought a brand new tire and never drove on , I can guarantee you'll still find a freaking screw in it 
tu sabes por que , beeeetcheees !! 
Just bought 2 seasons of Dragon Ball Z :) I miss my childhood 
Has several commitments for tomorrow and the following day , each of equally high importance . I love the stress :D 
is still awake . i had the sudden urge to take the trailer from a customers house back to my man cave . this calls for a trip to < PROPFIRST>'s on a job well done , Huuzahhh ! 
is standing on the rooftop ready to fall , i think im at the edge now but i could be wrong . 103.9 has the greatest playlist . i'll be anything you ask and more going heyheyheyheyheyheyheey . 
my leg hurts . < PROPMALE > , rematch , I bet I can kick your ass tomorrow , even as a gimp ! bitchh 
i just dropped coke on myself in my truck . Now im gimp and im sticky too 
To the wonderful women waiting in line with me at Starbucks , I appreciate your cleavage 
tonight was ok , but kind of a let down . i always expect more for some unknown reason so im cursed with constant disapointment . though tonight ive developed a plan . easy , simple , all i have to do now is take the plunge 
Dennys then back to the office to finish my paper . im never taking a full english class compact into 12 weeks again 
my tongue is numb and as im writing now is my face . i love you chewed up and spit out advil liquid gel cap , you bring me massive amounts of finger poking entertainment . though i fear ham will never taste the same as long as your around 
Hey < PROPFIRST > cline , you a dumbass for leaving you facebook logged on at school hahaha , dont worry i got you tho il log u off 
is making his Scooby Doo themed prizes from the claw machine do embarrassing things haha 
Fantastic week , I'm ready for another 
these 2 really old people just drove past me driving on the wrong side of the road hahaha 
Why does it smell like cheese ? 
come sail away , come sail away , come sail away with me 
had a really really good day i think 
ive been right , ive been left , ive been wrong , ive been left .. behind 
so i managed to get to the trail an hour early , my bad . i'm bored ... i'm going to fill the time looking for snakes :D 
im about to run out of gas 40 < PROPMALE > from civilization , and when i thought that things couldnt get virtualy any worse a tire blows out on my trailer . f m god damn f life 
is home . hiked this morning and had tons of fun with all who went and had an adventure in late afternoon . long but decent day 
all rap could use a little screaming 
has been in line at the dump for over an hour 
I found a rotten peanut last night . Ate it anyway , ate it anyway , ate it anyway last night , It was rotten but ate it anyway , ate it anyway last night 
Almost not sick anymore , 3 days ago I counted 4 rows of bags under my eyes , they were blue enough to be mistaken for black . I should have faked an exorcism in a Starbucks , that would have been epic 
Taxi !! 
Starbucks :D gonna watch < PROPMALE > 2 get pumped and run 3 < PROPMALE > , I'm stoaked 
Awesome BBQ , top knotch people 
Jogging squaw peek , lunch then karaoke . < PROPMALE > you better come or the ass kicking will commence ! 
Nate and Stephs install finally ! No longer shall you be feeding your children MacNcheese off of particle board :D 
Omg < PROPMALE > !! Why would you send me that ?! 
My leg .. its numb .. Help me 
Going off the grid for a couple hours . Im in need of an unknown unpopulated coffee shop 
Given the choice between the two of you .. I'd choose the sea sick crocodile 
Burn another bridge , break another heart . \ 
Try again , it will only fall apart 
Who would have ever thought that balancing a sheet of MDF on your brain cap could cause such a headache .. 
yesterday was strange .. I want more like it 
( overhearing father in a convo ) \so im in a different position now and days\ " me > \ " What ? Your in a new position in life ? is it called BITCH !? \"" 
Template this morning with < PROPMALE > .. I need breakfast O.o Not gonna happen 
The goldfish from \The snack that smiles back\ " commercials finally got home !! " 
I do believe im going returning to my cupp of booze and to my paper , Thank you miss Myers for the cheer up :) 
One day I'll have my grotto ! It'll be an underwater mansion , with its own carousel :) 
Copy and paste this if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts : ? ? ? ? For crap's sake , don't forget the hearts . ? ? ? ? 
Oh that's ok , I only picked this easily ignored booth in the darkly lit corner because I didn't care to be disturbed but go ahead and seat that group of loud shity teenagers next to me out of the whole empty freaking restaurant ... Thank god I know which car is yours .. < PROPMALE > employee number 8008 ! I'll be right back , I'm just going outside to piss on it 
Momentum = mass x speed or if direction is inferred = mass x velocity but in shorthand notation its \mv\ " and momentum is presented as \ " p\ " in most physics textbooks so p = mv . I feel as if I've just learned something worth retaining ! " 
Driven by the strangle of vein showin no mercy , I do it again . Open up your eye , you keep on cryin baby , I'll bleed you dry 
$1.80 worth of sugar consumed and 35 cents worth stolen on a 2 dollar < PROPMALE > . If I was a poor tipper I wouldn't be able to sleep at night 
Thank you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for dinner ! It was delicious :) 
Im going to go off and pretend to be someone else for a little while .. Maybe \Black guy who pretends to speak spanish and has an British accent\ " we're gettin all multicultural up in here ! I love seeing the nations work things out for the better .. " 
Sitting at < PROPFIRST>'s being unproductive . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for sharing your knowledge of \ damnyouautocorrect.com\ " and consequently sucking my life away " 
Working out is a saner and more beneficial alternative to destroying personal/public property .. On a side note , < PROPFIRST>'s messed up my order and gave me a massive plate of free pancakes so at least ill have the extra carbs to burn ! 
Is going to rock this town tomorrow , plans to conquer personal incapability's have come to fruition . Now all that is needed is 7 a.m. daylight and to download \Eye Of The Tiger\ " to my Ipod " 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes :D 
12:00:01 2/21 I did the only thing I had on my list . Woke up , sped off to < PROPFEMALE>'s house , got pulled over , apparently cops don’t write tickets on my birthday :) 2 hour driving adventure with < PROPFEMALE > to ren fair , < PROPMALE > with the sis , not for very long unfortunately . Saw a mass of friends , saw good boob , saw bad boob , got skewered by a steak on a stake , found a dead snake , saved a sweater from a lonely life on the road . 
At breakfast with mother dear .. I love these odd restaurants that she manages to find :P 
today is a day for finding free attractions and benefits .. first stop .. Some Bar's opening weekend , hoping for some free food and a pool table . next stop .. No clue but ill drive until i find one 
I need a party !! Anyone who has something in mind , call me ! 602 909 2497 
And Thank You Marry for looking :) I'm headed over to central 
Defensive Driving course complications >:( ! 
Course Participation : Assume Invisibility Means : \ 
\ 
a That you are supernatural and can make yourself invisible . \ 
b Consider when you are driving , you are invisible to other drivers . 
Taking advantage of a hotel and their free coffee :) :P 
Knock me out 
I've never backhanded a small black child before but I'm seriously considering it .. Shut your little bastard the he'll up ! 
Ive just made a < PROPMALE > Potter reference .. What , oh what has become of my life ! 
So as of now my skateboard is broken in half :(( 
screw it , im starting a new life for myself in mexico .. 
Count down ... 5 .. 4 .. 
some people just never learn ... DONT LEAVE YOUR STUFF UNATTENDED !! -- hacked by < PROPFEMALE > . BWAAHHAHAHA ! 
Met dad at via de ventura and the 101 to drop off some material .. somehow i managed to come back on the bike .. So much for dressing out for kick boxing haha 
Thank you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for the delicious food ! See you guys soon and nice seeing you < PROPFIRST > and Ev .. Love you baby <3 
