is having an alright day so far ... 

this is me changing my status like you said ... 
www.conqueronline.com , volcano server . Free download and firewall . Look for ~ Black_Lotus ~ 
got internet back . havent been on since last month . 
we got a new car 
~ Black_Lotus ~ !!!!!!! FINALLY famous ! 
memento mori 
momento mori 
momento mori and i can't wait for mine 
Havin a rough day :( 
everything is perfect 
boring weekend 
going to Cinci on Thursday 
good times 
feel like I can relax and not worry about anything cause I can't fail now 
Go Blue !!! 
feels like the weekend already 
im so exhausted 
no more heaviness ! 
pain in my chest is coming back ... hurts to frickin breath again ... miiight be in a bit of a bad mood if its not gone tomorrow morning 
I'm happier than I've been in a very long time ... all because of you ;) 
life feels easy right now .... exams are gonna breeze by and it'll be the 25th before we know it ;) 
went out w/ < PROPFEMALE > today ... food wasn't the best but we still enjoyed it :) 
A question for anybody who wants to say somethin ... if you could come up w/ a great gang/group name , what would it be ? 
monday and tuesday ... and thursday ... are gonna easily be the best days this year :) 
okay , so i was listening to a new album ... to a song called Nightmare Anatomy ... and while i listened to this creepy rift my bro decided to stand in my doorway and watch me ... he scared me so bad ... i've never before jumped so high or screamed that loud .... I'm glad i made his day though he's not gonna shut up about it 
pretty good weekend , saturday was great :) 
funny how march madness is the only time I'm actually interested in NCAA basketball 
just went to target and found out a nice bit of info bout the thing i purchased 
damn cards ain't workin !!! 
my god , everything about life is so much different ... spring air , this uplifting emotion , the world around me feels so much different 
nice , sleep and OGT week go hand in hand i could use a little more sleep w/ the quick week 
seriously , how did my weight drop more than 20 pounds ?!? 
interview went great , got my guitar , everythin's great 
I really don't wanna do the showcase presentation tomorrow D: 
that showcase presentation sucked ... but i get officially hired 2morrow :) i get to miss 1st and 2nd period for a physical so i sleep in :D 
What a great life this is 
the weekend .. last days of break ... all spent working morning till late night :( 
okay i got on again so hey :) its not like im antisocial or something 
I'm pretty bored ... don't really have anything to do this summer 
god it feels great to not work for a couple days 
very rough week 
there's a time when there's ' too much ' Family Guy , and that time is now 
theres nothin to do at 12:45 am ... kinda what i expected 
dyed 
why does everything i try to do seem so fuckin impossible ? 
livings just not hard enough burn me alive inside , living my life's not hard enough take everything away 
i just love it when i actually need money and somehow my managers seem to know cuz they dramatically shorten my schedule 
Moos . Moooooooooooooo . 
Kept away from daylight\ 
Deprived from all the songs I loved\ 
These walls may hold my body captive , \ 
But my soul is attending every sunset\ 
This is the hardest there was to walk , \ 
But nothing I regret\ 
Our death would only be the thing they're praying for , \ 
Time won't force us to surrender , \ 
Their crippled freedom is not the one we're longing for 
i said i'd never let you go , and i never did\ 
i said i'd never let you fall and i always meant it\ 
if you didn't have this < PROPMALE > then i never did\ 
you'll always find me right there , again 
In many ways I'm the burden that devides us from the light\ 
In many ways you're the halo that keeps my spirit alive 
no more spending money on things i dont need . only 1 more year . 
On the edge of a new age this is still our dogma\ 
No grave for millions - tortured creatures , \ 
But a common grave for our morals\ 
This slaughter - an ethic I deny\ 
An archaic way of thinking , so monstrous and absurd 
cutting friends cuz only like 6 of you even know me a little bit ... tired of ppl fuckin assumin im things that im not 
if u can read this u aint one of the 140+ ppl i cant stand ... yet 
people in general are so damn hard to trust 
finally my managers know i need money lol im workin today ... and my paychecks finally improved !! 
Curse the day , hail the night\ 
Flower grown in the wild\ 
In your empty heart\ 
In the breast that feeds\ 
Flower worn in the dark 
im really bored 
theres a little bettle tryin to get upright and is runnin on his back next 2 my keyboard lol bug fail 
am i ever gonna be entertained again ? 
In the parallels we struggle ... struggle to upkeep , there is a better way for us to be set free . \ 
From all it is we crave , there must be more to life than to simply stay alive ... to simply stay alive . \ 
\ 
We are not the same as I hope to show . There is a better way if we just let go . \ 
We are not ... we are not the same . We are not ... we are not the same . Let go ... \ 
-Parallels , As I Lay Dying , The Powerless Rise 
eh , im ready for school yet relaxation sounds sooo good right now lol ill treasure the last two days of peace like they were the last days i lived 
wow get to see my friends all this year finally ! can't wait to see u guys :) 
suddenly theres a lot to do around here 
Into battle we ride with Gods by our side\ 
We are strong and not afraid to die\ 
We have an urge to kill and our lust for blood has to be fulfilled\ 
WE'LL FIGHT TILL THE END ! And send our enemies straight to Hell ! 
< PROPFEMALE > katsoi maan reunalta tahtea putoavaa\ 
Nyt kanuiit kasvot neitosen peittaa karu maa\ 
Jokaisen taytyy katsoa silmiin totuuden\ 
Silla aika ompi voittoisa , mut ' < PROPFEMALE > maa on ikuinen\ 
... k now anybody know any finnish cuz i kno what its generally about but idk exactly lol 
The ground rumbles as we attack\ 
in the throes of rage , we will fight\ 
The lightning's flash , the thunder's roar\ 
will petrify the weak\ 
We'll show no mercy , we'll kill them all ! \ 
We are sworn in the name of steel 
if this comp ever breaks down im gonna make a bonfire out of it and do a chanty dance around it as it burns . then ill get a better less janky one 
awesome im workin 11-11 next sunday 
funny how a person can warp a situation to make them look good and make the victim look like the victimizer 
Mother mercy , take my hand . \ 
Follow me through this forsaken land . \ 
Father time , return what's mine . \ 
The innocence you stole from these eyes . \ 
Because I feel numb . For the vision burning before me is one of former glory . \ 
An icon cast in the light of freer times , now writhes in a bed of lies . 
this was an awesome day 
k , got the Alter game friday , paintballin saturday mornin , and X-fest sunday if a certain somebody can get his answer 
life is hilarious .. in a good way 
how old do i really look ? seriously now 
kinda wish i coulda gotten off work for x-fest 
couple weeks left till go time 
damn its wierd seeing messages i sent a year or more ago .. didnt know they stayed on there . a little spine tingling to read though thank god they are gone 
Vodka , wipes away your tears\ 
Vodka , removes your fears\ 
Vodka , everyone is gorgeous\ 
Vodka , yeah vodka ... i dont live by this its just hilarious that these are actually lyrics 
two things that always make me smile no matter what : Vodka by Korpiklaani , and < PROPFEMALE > :) no relation to the two of course 
Ahhhhh peace is so awesome ... but my damn back still hurts . still , i get to relate quotes from my env . lit class with inside jokes < PROPFIRST > and I have from across the room !! 
GOT MY ROBINSON JERSEY 
too many chemicals lately 
idk whats goin on tomorrow 
forgive and let die 
had an amazing time friday w/ the guys 
today was easily ... without a doubt , the best monday EVER 
time is not made up of lines . it is made up of circles . this is why clocks are round ! 
i need to go on this canoe trip 
wtf ! this is already becoming a terrible weekend ! why the hell is everybody being stupid ? 
i really wish i could fix my flaws 
gonna be an exciting week 
out of all the rough things goin on tomorrow ... one really exciting thing comes to mind :) 
The Michigan Wolverines will take back the state that is rightfully theirs . MSU has had their time ! GO BLUE !!! CRUSH THE GREEN !!! 
eh . 
feelin muuch better :) 
Am I really all that much whipped ? 
guy came into Bobs covered in .... Ganja tats and a ponytail and nose ring ... and three weeks before that an actual pimp ... cane , purple suit , and hooker included ! i guess everybody needs farmy old people food 
feelin a little sick ... but hey only 2 periods tomorrow ! 
WTF !! When can I just stop caring ? All this shit at one time is driving me fricken nuts ! 
started < PROPFEMALE > today 
why can't I live in a fjord 
wow i am so screwed 
I am not comfortable with the way people try to comfort me 
such a dull and mindless weekend ... just to do it again next week 
its been a pretty good week so far 
everthing starts to pick up at least a little bit now 
ill try to fill the cat request from my friends when i can just give me time 
I love it when I win no matter what 
a good monday ? this is truely rare and should be written down ... but some bastard broke my shovel ! I will make them pay for it ... with money 
tenacity is something i've never really had , but i guess through a time-tested relationship and an inward pull at what's right , potentially dangerous situations can be resolved in ... an hour and a half 
can't wait till thanksgiving break 
I've never felt more worried about a college football game as I do for this saturday ... Wisconsin is scary good and our defense is pretty damn inconsistent ... only way we could possibly win is another high scoring game ... or a good old fashioned upset . but more likely a really high scoring game 
the one saturday i get off work ... and everything that has occured has gone wrong 
there's so much to be happy about 
Kinde ( Beardy one ) is gonna take a trek with me to < PROPMALE > for an Ensiferum/Finntroll/Barren Earth/Rotten Sound concert in February ! if i miss this i'll prbly never have another < PROPMALE > to see them again before they all run back to Finland never to be seen again on American soil :( 
I'm seeing pokemon everywhere 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
ugh long week ... only one more to go ... 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > , her family , and her ... ' special ' dogs :) Maxx's birthday party's tomorrow , and I am SO excited for that Ensiferum concert in < PROPMALE > ! only two more months ! 
The party was awesome ... some hilarious , stupid stunts ... and some of the best madden I've ever played . 
im so glad i dont work christmas < PROPFEMALE > and christmas ... im too damn tired to be there now . i was fallin asleep at the podium today and with me runnin around it was awful 
hope everybody had a < PROPFEMALE > christmas . My regards to < PROPFEMALE > who's stuck with the worst group of people possible for christmas : a rapist , a whore , a guy with an std , and political uncles in cinci :) glad i could make it as good a time i possibly could in that situation for you 
ATTENTION ! My General Manager at < PROPMALE > Evans Far Hills wants me to find a friend of mine so she can give said person a job . if ur interested and want a weekend morning job bussing tables . comment if ur interested and I'll get it worked out . 
New year's gonna be great . and btw gratz Iowa on upsetting the #12 team in the nation ! great start to the Big Ten bowl run . good luck to Illinois who plays Baylor 2night 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LIONS BEAT THE VIKINGS ! WELCOME TO SUCK WORLD VIKES ! AND FINALLY ! GOODBYE TO FAVRE ! 
this is the longest week ever 
whyd they have to change up the exam score thingy while we're seniors ? why not next year ? oh well at least we only have 1 semester worth of exams ! 
Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim comes out on 11/11/11 . this game looks kick-ass 
i will work hard at work ... but i just can't work hard on the other things . im too exhausted from working . 
party was great . wierd conversation kept us from doing anything . if < PROPMALE > wouldve kept talking we'd prbly still be talkin about it . 
ooooh god i suddenly feel terrible ... stomach and chills . damn dew , chips , pizza and sleep deprivation ! 
yes ! the packers won ! now the jets just have to beat the steelers 
i hope the Packers steamroll the Steelers ... but i feel like it'll be a good one 
FINALLY !!! My bad luck with concerts ends !! The Ensiferum/Finntroll/Barren Earth/Rotten Sound concert in < PROPMALE > is on President's Day Monday ! No school ! 
thanks to < PROPFEMALE > i killed that fuckin virus and got internet back !! 
best day ever ! 
Thanks , God . You've saved us from an annoying , drunken wave of big-headed , loud-mouthed Steelers fans . Let's all be glad that the team in Wisconsin won . 
today seemed to stretch on forever at school now its flyin by ... school is making me live longer i guess 
