tape the lies shut and watch em burn ;) 

another bowl , another cashed hit . lol and so the war continues 
< PROPFEMALE > , dry your watered eyes . 
where's the love ? 
won't you lay down and make me smile . 
because this cold-hearted < PROPFEMALE > doesn't let anything get to her .... until she's alone 
jj's asleep , < PROPFIRST>'s getting there .. going to lake < PROPFIRST > in the morning with the family .... lets just hope all goes well . keep those fingers crossed for me ! its gonna be a rough day . 
the lake went surprisingly well . and i'm completely 100% in love with Austen !! its too bad we're on our way home already . 
i decided to start going back to church . after all , what is soul that doesn't have beliefs ? 
just got back from church and lunch . its been a good day . things are finally starting to get better (: 
don't think its your just cuz you marked it with your urine ! lol 
me : \just one night of dreamless sleep and i'll be fine . \ " \ 
cooking lunch for the syblings and about to watch pretty in pink . i love this rain !!! (: 
people around here just don't know how to appreciate something good . 
i'd give anything for hug right now . 
i'm fighting for a lost cause ... i really don't know what to do . 
i'm about to cook some breakfast . bacon , eggs , and french toast ! yum (: 
and all i can remember is the way you moved your body , and how your lips never said no . 
seriously , learn how to care before everything that cares about you leaves . 
just got back from driving , i finally know how to drive a standard ! :) 
i also got my phone , if you need the new number let me know (: 
with heart shaped bruises . and late night kisses , devine . \ 
:) 
when you act like you don't care , and you talk like you don't care . it generally means you don't care . 
i hope everyone's day is going great :) 
we'll do the things that lovers do . \ 
i adore those sweet nothings and empty promises . 
how about i just stop talking to you at all ? because that sounds alot simpler right now ! 
your standing on the top of my shoes , your keeping me from gaining ground . 
for some reason i can't help but smile when you cross my mind . \ 
hold me in your arms and sway me like the sea . \ 
you have no idea how bad i need a hug right now ... 
i must say , love is such an over rated word . 
ever feel like all you need is a hug to keep from falling apart ? 
thought of you as everything i've had but couldn't keep . 
the words spoken still linger in my ear 
i can't remember the last time i smiled this much . \ 
:) haha (: 
sometimes i feel so happy , sometimes i feel so sad . sometimes i feel so happy , but mostly you just make me mad . baby , you just make me mad . 
its just < PROPFEMALE > and the beach thats why its salty when we kiss . ;) 
hello , i miss you quite terribly . \ 
it was good what we did yesterday , and i'd do it once again . 
survive slowly , it means you can get over it eventually . So that's what i'll do , i'll survive slowly . 
you knew you had to leave and couldn't stay . be strong for me and i'll be strong for you . cause lately i've been tired and uninspired . 
just be honest , its actually quite easy (: 
its too bad they don't really try to let talk . 
i just really need some down time . 
:) i just wanna smile . 
and love , love will tear us apart 
pretzel m&m's are so much better frozen ! :) 
lonely and dreamin of the west coast . 
someday i'll be long gone , and i can't wait for that day .. \ 
oh dear , thats quite a double standard you've got . 
watching remember me ... its a perfect movie to watch when you want to cry without being bugged by questions . 
i wish that could be botanical . 
:) sunshine and bubbles ! but i do wish this head ache would go away . 
i don't feel too happy ... wish i could just go somehwere , anywhere ... 
great day ahead . :) gonna go catch a few new flix at the movies . 
its just a never ending love story . 
there are very few of us who have heart enough to be really in love without encouragement . 
its my turn to sit at home and plot the death of < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer ! lol its been a great day with the kids , i can't wait for them to fall asleep though !! i've been cooking and i smell like butter and vanilla haha :) 
i can't believe my flyin flamingo is leaving !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > , you'll always be flyin high with me . 
i've got a terribly short attention span ! it will be the end of me . 
my back hurts !!!! where's < PROPFIRST > with a massage when you need him !? but at least my feet feel kinds of better :) 
i soooo wish i could go to buzzfest ! 
i absolutely hate when you know i'm completely upset and you can't find one thing to say ... 
some things are better left burried and forgotten . 
i'm just a wallflower ... i see things , keep quiet about them , and i understand . 
Vice president Jannah at your service . lol but i still couldn't win a beauty contest to save my life ! its been a great day !!! (: 
the bottom line is this : we accept the love we think we deserve . 
lol we really do accept what we think we deserve , that sure does say alot about us . 
if you don't look for it , you won't find it . so i think its time i stop looking (: 
it was a great day laid back with my babe , deffinately my favorite kind of day (: \ 
now i'll watch the office and try to catch some sleep . 
all in all , its been a good day . people just need to understand that : we accept the love we think we deserve . that seriously just sums it all up . 
i'm soooo tired ! and i'm sick of being home . i seriously need to get a job or busier life . 
what a sweet , amazing , loving , tiredly exhausted boyfriend i have . no sarcastic tone was intended , i just seriously hate how tired he is after work but he really is amazing (: 
i've had a great week ! thinking about going to the football game later ?? hmmmm not sure though . i really just want to relax . 
i swear you can't rely on anyone but yourself these days ! i'm two seconds away from ripping someones head off ! i seriously need to relax before i break something . 
thank peace for yoga ! i feel lesss like trash now , i think a nice long run will make me feel better , so when i get back that's what i'm gonna do . I hope everyone else has a good day (: 
its gonna be a great day (: 
lol its amazing how quickly i can get over things . 
don't play me for the fool , even though i'm just a fool for you . 
everything is conditional , you just can't always anticipate the conditions . 
i just wanna have a good day . whats so bad about that ... 
Oh my peace ! what a friggin night ! it was great fun :D \ 
and it was a long night , but i know what i need to do ... :/ \ 
but it still gets a :) ??? yea , sooo confusing (: but i'm staying optimistic . 
oh dear peace , we've got a complication . 
hmmmmm .....?........... 
funnel cake sticks and vanilla shakes are sooooo yummy (: \ 
you have no idea how bad i wanted some , i was seriously dreaming of them , and i finally got some today !!! 
this day couldn't have been more satisfying . \ 
:) hmmm well maybe in one way .... lol 
don't you just love the thrill of a good show ! 
oh my peace ! i friggin love that silly kid ! haha 
gotta love life . its so ... unpredictable ! :) 
\love .... love ... oh love will tear us apart again . \ " \ 
sometimes its hard to do the right thing . Even when you know something's wrong , its not always easy to stop it . 
me : \so mike-o ! what ya want for lunch ? \ " \ 
i'm pretty dang happy right now ! (: 
i really do think i deserve a role in the play ... But i still had a good day , thanks to him :) 
i'm sensing a twinge of jealousy from the unwanted bitchy twat . (: get over your self . 
I wish < PROPFIRST > lennon was still here . i love that man !!! 
hmmmm well someone's off to a bad start this morning . (: \ 
i certainly feel bad for what your gonna hear later . 
do i hear a sizzle !?!!? oohhh SNAP !!! lol i love you tate and < PROPFEMALE > ! i'll sing to cheetos with you any day !!! ;D 
Darling , forever is a long time . And time has a way of changing things . 
what a lovely day (: 
ice cream !!!!! hmmmm i want some :D 
just let the music speak for yourself . 
my day just got a whole lot more bright (: 
I made tortillas !!! i can already tell it's gonna be a great day :D 
registered for the SAT today (: \ 
wooooaaah ! i'm growin up ( tear ) 
yawn . life is so boring ! lol kinda ... not really !!! (: 
i made oreo cookie balls !!!! yummy ! what a delicious day ! 
sometimes one person can have a bigger affect on you than you could ever imagine ... 
Its the best day of the year !!! Happy Halloween (: 
I could just disappear ... 
when routine bites hard , and ambitions are low , and resentment rides high , but emotions won't grow , and we're changing our ways , taking different roads ... love , love will tear us apart again . 
Why yes , that's mine . Look , it even has my name on it ! (: 
time passes , and people change . just because you don't know them now doesn't mean you shouldn't be happy to have known who they were . 
its all giggles and smiles ! lol if only that were true .... 
i'm watching the rocket's game . mom starts sayin \get the ball damn it ! get the ball ! \ " so haleigh looks at the tv and says \ " get the ball !!! get it ! \ " lol i love that kid . " 
whispers , \hello i miss you quite terribly \"." 
i like this cold , but i'd really love some snow ! (: 
i could go for a milkshake right now . 
Eventually , we all have to let go . 
me and < PROPMALE > are some undefeated champs ! lol 
one wrong move , and it all explodes . 
i would care , but that requires me to care . and i just don't care about that . 
so SAT tomorrow , and then relaxation . I WILL fininish ALL in the mountain of homework i have tonight .... maybe lol (: 
the SAT was cake ! lol now time for homework ! ugh , do i ever get to relax ? 
Well i guess i do love a lot of things . Including hot cocoa !!!! lol i seriously want some now . 
i'm soooooooo tired ! Stress runs my life , and even though that sucks , i still love my life (: 
Time to write an essay . Just rember this is all helping me reach my goal . TAMS is where i'm headed , i just have to stay focused . (: 
so many exams ... time to study study study ! 
time goes by so fast . 
one year . i can definately believe that . 
playin blacks ops about to watch a movie with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . (: 
Liar , liar . I hope you burn in a fire ! 
the t is stiff !! 
thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday ! it was good and no worries , i had to save room to party tonight ! lol everyone should deffinately party a little too hard tonight (: 
\love will crumble beneath the weight of confession . \"" 
when i was cooking breakfast , haleigh calls me and says , \ < PROPFIRST > cryin . i no love her when she cry . \ " while < PROPFIRST > tells me haleigh made her cry . lol kids (: " 
i wish so bad for < PROPFEMALE > to be here with me . i miss my fellow flyin flamingo ... nobody else gets the craziness that is me . 
maybe its ok for things to end on a bad note . maybe thats how it should be . 
you can choke on a dirty sock for all i care . (: 
better to be alone than badly accompanied . 
i feel amazing !!! 
i need to buy more tea !!!!! i'm almost out !!!! 
I'm consentrating on falling apart . (: 
sometimes there's just nothing left to say , and you know its over and time to let go . 
< PROPFIRST > is ok , tennis was fun , and now i'm watching glee !! and OH MY CHEESE !!!! they're singing a song by the LOVE OF MY LIFE !!!!! < PROPMALE > MARLEY !!!! officially a great day :D 
no tennis today ... but I LOVE TENNIS !!!! its so fun and smile worthy . 
talk about an amazing day (: 
some people stay in our lives only for a while but leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same . 
damn . some guys just need to grow a few inches ... lmao (: 
live to smile (: 
i don't think i did bad ... i probably just failed lol good times ... 
I've been told that love is two people who know their faults and still love each other anyway . 
it's just another night spent wondering who you'll end up with at the end of the night . 
another sunday of cooking , cleaning , and black ops (: 
tomorrow is haleigh's birthday ! i can't believe she's already gonna be 3 ! i feel so old . 
It's ironic that we ignore the ones who adore us , adore the ones who ignore us , love the ones that hurt us and hurt the ones that love us . 
i guess i fell in love with our friendship , and knew it was never meant to be more than that . 
it's one of those days that no matter how many people show they care , you still feel completely uncared for . 
it feels so great outside today ! i'm thinking three < PROPMALE > for my daily run (: 
sure i might fill your heart with \love\ " ... but eventually i'll rip your heart out and tear it to pieces . but it'd be completely unintentional ... well for the most part ... " 
So there's this cow and it's best friend is a cat , and they love to < PROPFEMALE > out with dogs . lol why do i have so many animals ? 
Yes , i am a CheeseHead because they knocked the eagles out of the superbowl lol go Greenbay ! 
Jordy < PROPMALE > needs to be fired for missing 5 passes at a Superbowl game ! 
Thats why i'm a cheese head lol i friggin love you < PROPMALE > jennings ! 
a day when all you want is someone to talk to , but you don't know what to say . 
never quite completely attainable . 
the words just won't come to my head . 
every time that smile starts feeling real , something happens and the next smile feels faker than ever before . 
so me and < PROPFEMALE > just realized our celebrity couple name would be < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! lol 
we've done the whole lost and apart thing , so all that's left is happy and together (: 
perfectly flawed . 
sick and still working hard (: 
Going out with the family :) 
love sick ? well my diagnosis would be more like love cancer , and terminal . 
got that two-hand forehand down , future mixed doubles champ right here lol (: 
people that don't know me should keep my name out of their mouths . 
1st place in mixed doubles constellation (: 
illuminate your eyes ! 
haleigh talks like she knows something . she three ! 
lots of mini golf today , smoothies , nail shop , being yelled at by < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST>'s party , < PROPFIRST > jumping off a moving car , < PROPFIRST>'s , and < PROPFEMALE>'s super happy she saw < PROPFIRST > today . < PROPFEMALE > kinda almost killed us , don't deny it ! lol all in all a pretty frakin great day . 
\jannnnnnahh you eat those chips ! \ " \ 
janelle : \The music on there is retarded . \ " brother : \ " Why ? \ " janelle : \ " Cuz ummm hmmm i like it ... \"" 
desparately in need of sleep . 
We can commit the perfect crime . I'll steal your heart and you steal mine (: 
poo on your shoe . 
you should know , i know you're a liar . 
oh of course ! just because my name is all over it doesn't mean it's mine , i totally forgot about that saying . 
