GOD , give me some INSPIRATION right now ... PLEASE ! 

< PROPFEMALE > over it .. que sera sera 
just because Christmas is officially over does not mean that people can go back to/start acting like complete @ss hole's again .. DAMN , will we never learn ? 
So I have learned that life is what you make of it and while 2010 was def . one hell of a year 2011 is going to be EVEN BETTER ! I cannot wait to watch my little girl grow up and experience every little miracle and milestone with her one step at a time ! MOMMY and DADDY LOVE YOU BABY GIRL ! <3 
Ravens got this today or so I pray * fingers crossed * 
I look around and it truly breaks my heart the way in which people treat one another . Everyone alway's seems to focus their attention on other's and what they are/have done wrong when it is themselves they need to be looking at and focusing on their own , NOT MINE ..... LET'S GET SERIOUS ! 
\How can you point your finger at the speck with which is in mine eye when you have yet to take a look at the plank that so clearly lies in yours \"?- Bob " 
I feel like 100% pure , grade A+ shit .... Pray for me .... 
Out n ' about ... 
All I can say at this point is that there is no going back but i only wish i knew them WHAT IH MYHEaRT knew all along 
hmmm .... 
THANK EVERYONE FOR THE BDAY WISHES ! 
WOW ! I have not logged into FB in so long . THANK YOU EVERYONE for all the Happy Birthday wishes , it really meant a lot to me and I am forever thankful to have friends/family like all .... 
soy mas que tu novia ... 
I'm gonna be a lady cop .... 
GOD .. I cannot STAND people who CONFORM ... 
OMG this shit is BANNANAS .... MONKEY MIND gone APE SHIT WILD ... 
what a joke of a man .... 
It is the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting ( Es la posibilidad de hacer < PROPFEMALE > sueño realidad lo que hace la < PROPFEMALE > interesante 
I am going to be a MOMMY .... 
BUSTING OUT ... 
HOPPY EASTER EVERYONE ! 
stuck inside the house waiting on FIOS when all I want to do is be outside soaking up the sunshine .. :( 
Is this really what my life has come to ? Seriously ? 
I'm walking in March for Babies . Please , please , please find it in your heart to either help me fundraise for this wonderful cause and/or walk right along side me as a part of Team Baltimore in the March for Babies , The March of \Dimes \"" 
Adjusting ... 
Please take the time to check out my note on my efforts to support the March for Babies . In this note you will find a link to my fundraising < PROPFEMALE > , ANYTHING would be sp greatly appreciated ! Thanks and Love to you all .... 
Bored out of my mind ..... please get me out of this house ASAP 
learning slowly but surely .... 
Now this is def my kind of weather .... 
numb ... 
Drizzzzzy DRAKE with my baby ....... 
Butterflies .... 
sooo BORED ... 
sitting , waiting , wishing ... 
God , < PROPMALE > me the strength to make it through these next couple of months because I don't think I can make it on my own .... 
so over these rainy days .... 
white sand beaches and clear blue waters sound ideal right about now ... 
I def need to look into getting a Chiropractor .... 
ready to run ... 
GOD , it feels good to go running again ... 
grrrr .... 
Things that are easily acquired , obtained , or maintained , without any effort or sacrifice , lack value ... it's human nature . Any person worth having is worth waiting for . \ 
\ 
Love deeply and passionately . You might get hurt but it's the only way to live life completely . Remember that great love and great achievements involve great risk . 
I NEED TO GET OUT OF MY HEAD for real , for real ... DAMNIT MAN ! 
tryna maake a getaway to the OC this wknd anybody got any suggestions ? 
YOUR WACK ! 
Get set , ready , go ! Start using your wings now ; they need some exercise / Adelante ! Comienza a usar tus alas ; necesitan ejercicio . 
I am soooo sick and tired of being SICK AND TIRED ! 
I think I will live forever in my own little dreamworld where relationships are like fairytales , everyone falls in love , life is bliss and they all live happily ever after when in reality , this will NEVER be my reality ... 
it's so nice to know that even on dreary days such as these , the birdies will always be out and about just chirping away their sweet little song ... 
WACK ! This has become my new favorite word which I have found myself saying a lot lately .. WOMP WOMP ! 
bored ... 
chowing down and watching Valentines Day with the fam .... 
God damn this weather is off the hook ! What I would not give right now to be chillen on the beach with a cold drink and good book on hand ... 
Lazy day ... 
LMAO ! 
lunch with mama ... 
I am always sad when I finish a really good book :( Oh well , on to the next one ... 
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself : I , not events , have the power to make me happy or unhappy today . I can choose which it shall be . Yesterday is dead , tomorrow hasn't arrived yet . I have just one day , today , and I'm going to be happy in it . - Groucho < PROPFEMALE > 
I miss my friends ... :( 
I need to get to the beach ASAP ! 
I want to do something tonight .... anyone ? 
ladies , when is a good time to start planning your baby shower ? 
Happy Fathers Day to all the fathers out there doing the damn thing and the single mothers who serve as fathers doing the damn thing for them ! 
OFFICIALLY SUMMER ! 
God , how did I get myself into this situation ? 
Be proud of your scars . They remind you that you have the will to live / Enorgullecete de tus cicatrices . Te recuerdan tu deseo de vivir 
Its's going to be a little baby GIRL ! 
Celebrating with new sissy 
tired of the same ol ' same ol cause honestly , it's starting to get real OLD 
It's OVER ! 
Trying to plan a nursery for a baby girl sucks when you absolutely DESPISE the color pink .... SOO FRUSTRATED ! Any suggestions ? 
God's gift to you is LIFE , what you do with your LIFE is your gift to him ! 
You think you know ? Pssh , YOU HAVE NO IDEA MAN .... 
MOCO ! 
what a joke .... 
movies and < PROPFEMALE > food with the 2 most important women in my life ! 
Life is a bitch and then you die ( or at least mine anyway ) .. 
I can and WILL do this by myself if need be , BELIEVE THAT SHIT ! 
OFFICIALLY A FREE WOMAN ! 
.. Lord hear my prayers ... 
This heat is absolutely ridic . 
honestly , I don't even want to do this anymore ... 
It is by far the hardest thing in life to see someone who you love and have come to admire with all your heart and soul deteriorate right before your eyes and know that nothing you do or say can make them stay . You stand there powerless , heartbroken and scared to death as you watch everything you thought you knew slowly dissapear right before your eyes and your best friend in the world slowly slip away . 
I need a f*ckin miracle right about now ... 
Am I a dork because I am totally obsessed with watching Shark Week ? lol ... 
Yes , I admit that I am A HANDFUL !!! I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you can relate then post this on your status .... I DARE You !... 
HEY ! I got an idea ... Why don't you stop asking your man to do shit for you and do it your damn self ? GOD DAMN , it's bitches like you that gives us all a bad rep. 
I bet you think your irreplaceable ... 
Secrets only keep you sick . Why don't you start getting real with yourself and others ? 
I know you mad but so what , wish you bet of luck and now I'm throwin them ddeuces up ..... 
Why do people always hurt the ones they \claim\ " they love the most ? " 
Dear Baby Girl , \ 
I promise to love and protect you no matter what ! I cannot wait to meet you my beautiful angel . \ 
Love , \ 
Your Mama <3 
Sooo my childbirth classes start tonight , this should be interesting lol .... 
Operation Childbirth Class #1 = SUCCESS ! Thank GOD , how awkward .... 
All this talk about bed bugs is making me SO paranoid ! I woke up this morning and the first thing I did was rip off all the sheets and thoroughly inspect the bed for any traces of them . I will be damned if I have some nasty ass creatures crawling all up on me . GROSS ... 
OMG this baby registry stuff is stressing me OUT ! 
Going for a walk , I need to clear my head ... 
Ravens vs Skins tonight ! This should be VERY interesting .... 
soooo yeah , what about the DEADskins ? Look who's laughing now ! RAVENS all the way BABY .... 
it's whatever .... 
Music is my <3 and soul ! I cannot wait to get back to dancing ...! 
I def . have the BEST family and friends in the world and I want to take the time to publicly announce how very grateful I am for you all ! I LOVE YOU ALL MORE THAN YOU WILL EVER KNOW <3 
PURPLE FRIDAY ! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > tired of being taken advantage of and walked all over ... Fu*K YOU ! 
BLESSED ! 
Although sometimes I get consumed by doubt I have faith that in the end everything will work itself out and it always does someway , somehow .... 
It really sucks when u care so much and u realize that they really dont care at all ... 
Soooo we have finally narrowed it down to 2 names . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I seriously need to stop watching a baby story , this shit is enough to drive a girl out of her freakin MIND ... 
OMG ! I cannot believe I am going to be meeting my baby girl in just a few weeks ! This is soooo surreal .... 
Happy Birthday to the most wonderful mother a girl could ever ask for ! I LOVE YOU MAMA ! 
All of this medical jargon is boggling my brain ! 
What a gorgeous day outside ! I think it's about time to crack open the windows and let this cool breeze blow through ! I absolutely LOVE fall ! 
Vanilla candles are the best ! The feel of fall is everywhere and I AM LOVING IT ! 
absolutely cannot stand the skins but despise those cowgirls more so today I think I might have to make an exception . Oh well , GO SKINS ! * blah * 
I wish people would shut the hell up about the damn Redskins game . I mean it's over now and although I am happy that they won I think it is time to move onto some more important things likeeee the kickoff of the official Ravens season tonight !!! WOOT WOOT ! 
what a WACK ass game !! The Ravens need to get it together but at least we did manage to sneak some good plays in there and hey , we did WIN so all in all I am satisfied ... 
I know that no matter how hard things may be right now it will all be so worth it in the end .... 
Love and Basketball <3 
I am so proud of my little girl ! 
Ok , so I am sitting here watching MSNBC and the topic is about children and firearms . Apparently these adults are giving their children AK-47's at the age of 4 and 5 , teaching them how to shoot and fire them and then taking them to get their gun license's afterwards . Are you serious ? And we wonder why kids turn out the way they do , shooting up schools and what not . People never cease to amaze me I swear .... 
sitting , waiting , wishing .... 
Today is International Gratitude day ! What are you grateful for today ? 
yeah soooo my \baby bump\ " has now developed into a full blown BABY BUBBLE and damn I feel like I'm about to POP for real ! I guess that's what it's all about though right ? Only a few more weeks ..... * fingers crossed * " 
I am seriously exhausted and so tired of thinking , feeling , worrying and wondering . 
holy shit , these med's they got me on got me trippin n shit , feeling loopy like hell . Yeah , I def . think it's time to hit the sheets 
Thursday night line up is looking promising I just wish I were watching it with my baby , wrapped up in his arms :( 
OMG trying to plan this damn nursey is driving me BANANAS ! 
My family just keeps getting bigger and bigger ! Welcome to the family < PROPFIRST > , officially as of 4:30 pm today ! 
SEPTEMEBER IS CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
Up early this morning just sitting , thinking , worry and wondering . Emotions are def . staring to kick in and they're coming on mighty strong ..... 
GOD I SWEAR , some people will just NEVER get it ! 
\Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal . Live this day as if it were your last . The past is over and gone . The future is not guaranteed . \ " - Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer " 
HOLY SHIT ! They got Madden NFL on FB ? That's what's up ! 
Thank you everyone for all your love and support through these difficult times ! Baby < PROPFEMALE > made her arrival at 12:24 this afternoon and has been given a clean < PROPMALE > of health THANK GOD ! This has been such an amazing journey and I cannot wait for the next one to begin . Welcome to world my sweet baby girl , Mommy and Daddy love you ! 
Breastfeeding DAY 1 is going great so far ! YAY ! 
When I look into her eyes nothing else matters . I am done stressing over all the small stuff . She is my world now and the rest is whatever ! 
True beauty in a Woman is reflected in her soul . It is the caring that she lovingly gives , the passion that she knows . ~ Audrey Hepburn 
Here's to parents who aren't \inconvenienced\ " by their children . Who don't view it as being \ " stuck at home with the baby\ " when they can't go out every night . Who value time with their children . Who DON'T pawn their kids off as often as they can on whoever wants or will take them . Parents who accept responsibility & don't walk away from their family . Here's to parents who ENJOY being parents ! I cannot wait .... <3 " 
OMG GOOD NEWS ! Baby is on full feeds of breast milk now and off all fluids ! They also turned off the photo therapy lights and the jaundice is subsiding ! She is being moved to open crib today and can wear her own clothes now , NO MORE NAKE BABY ! WOW ! My baby is progressing so well and so FAST ! LOVE HER <3 ! 
I want to go to the Pumpkin patch this weekend and get my lil pumpkin her very first Pumpkin <3 <3 <3 
sooo yeah about those people who only want to act like they care and be there for somebody when it is convenient for them .... do they have a DISLIKE button for that because if so I need to find that shit and get on it FAST ! WOMP WOMP ! 
Praying for all the babies here in the NICU , it breaks my heart .... 
so were having a trial sleepover at the NICU tonight with Daddy and < PROPFEMALE > to see how she does on her own ! It is going to be a long night but I cannot wait ! <3 <3 <3 
trying to pass the time .... 
Going to pick up my baby girl at 3 ! Keep your fingers crossed that nothing changes ! < PROPFEMALE > EXCITED ! 
Night 2 down and she is right back on schedule ! Despite my exhaustion I am extremely proud of her and thankful to have her home safely in my arms ! <3 <3 
< PROPFEMALE>'s first checkup with the pediatrician is today ! II am so excited yet so nervous all at once as I am not really sure what to expect . I just hope they don't have to give her any shots yet because if they hurt her or make her cry we might have a problem . 
I'M A HANDFUL !! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then YOU SURE AS HELL DON'T DESERVE ME AT MY BEST !!!!!! If you're a HANDFUL , repost ! I dare you ....! 
POP goes the umbilical cord ! WOW , what an experience that was ! <3 
33 miners were rescued on the 33rd week of the year ; it took 33 days to drill down to them ; they were brought up to the surface on 10/13/10 which = 33 . They say Jesus , who was crucified at the age 33 , was with them the entire time . Pretty Cool ! Facebook friends , if you believe in ... Jesus Christ and His almighty power repost this ! 
I do not feel good today at all . I do not know if I am coming down with something or if it is just exhaustion but I def . feel like I have been run over by a truck . Taking it easy and relaxing with the little one sounds perfect right about now ! <3 
Watching the game and relaxing with my 2 babes ! <3 
My poor baby is sick as a dog . Called the pedi . and we may have to end up taking her to the hospital . It looks like I am going to be pulling an all nighter . Damn this stupid cold season .... 
Whoever invented this snot sucking device is a GENIUS ! 
need to start looking for a pt job asap . I need something that would allow me to work and make money while still being able to be there for my baby . Any suggestions ? 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a Pittsburgh Steelers Fan . Being a Steelers Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for PSF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise ... awareness .... 90% of Steelers fans wont repost this ... because they don't know how to copy and paste . Go Ravens ! Piss on SHITTSBURGH ! 
Spent the day running around getting stuff done with my momma ! I am exhausted but it felt so good to spend some time with her again ! LOVE YOU MOM ! 
My little peanut is 1 month old today ! WOW how time has flown by already ! She is my <3 , my everything and I feel so thankful and truly blessed to have her in my life ! 
Happy Halloween Everyone ! Have fun and be safe tonight ! Can't wait for < PROPMALE > scared stupid and trick or treaters tonight ! <3 
I need to make some decisions and fast .... 
Dear Lord , Please < PROPMALE > my monkey mind the peace it needs to stop running around long enough for me to take just a quick , much needed hour long nap . I would greatly appreciate it . Thank you Lord ! Amen ! 
I've carried a child within my body . I've slept with babies on my chest . I have kissed boo boos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on & spent sleepless nights in a rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look into the ...... mirror ... I see a mom , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if your proud to be a mom ! 
Praying for the people in Haiti . God , they cannot catch a break I swear .... 
3 years old : my mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years old : Mom Whatever ... 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 years old : I wanna leave this house . 35 years old : I wanna go back to my mom's house . 50 years old : I don't want to lose my mom . 70 years old : I would give up everything for my mom to be here with me . Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom ! I love you Mom ! 
It feels good to cry every once in a while and I have learned that in doing so it does not make me weak but HUMAN and thats ok .... 
Ravens game day baby , lets get it done .... 
A little bit of heaven \ 
Drifted down from above - \ 
A handful of happiness , \ 
A heartful of love . \ 
The mystery of life , \ 
So sacred and sweet \ 
The giver of joy \ 
So deep and complete . \ 
Precious and priceless , \ 
So lovable , too \ 
The world's sweetest miracle , \ 
Baby girl , is you ! \ 
Mommy loves you baby girl and I am so thankful to have you in my world ! <3 
Laying here with my baby girl sipping on some Vanilla Chai Tea and watching my fave , < PROPFEMALE > ! Mood = RELAXED ! 
So my luck def . sucks and although I would love to complain right now life is a little different these days and as blessed as I have been I think I will just let this one roll right off my shoulders , take it for what it is , handle my business and move on ... 
NOTE TO SELF : Today I will remember to count my BLESSINGS rather than my problems because I have so very much to be thankful for today and well if I began to count my problems I might be here for a very long time ... 
is NOT looking forward to Thanksgiving so much ... 
Its my baby girls first Thanksgiving and I could not be more grateful ! Happy Turkey day everyone now go head and get ur gobble gobble on ... 
Taking my baby girl out on here very first trip to the mall ! Oh boy , this should be interesting .... 
Watchin my babies sleep knowing that no matter what hardships may come my way , I am truly blessed ... 
WTF is up with all these mommies , daddies , grandparent's etc . killing their babies ? That shit is WACK and it makes me sick to my stomach to think about ! People are f*ckin sick in their heads I swear ... 
Nothing changes when nothing changes and right now nothings changing ... 
My baby girl is getting so big so fast ! She weighed in at 9lbs 3 oz today and 21 1/2 inches long ! 
There is no doubt about it , I'm blessed ! 
Ok so let me jump on the band wagon ! It was hard to choose just one as there were so many classic cartoons of my child hood but if I had to choose JUST one it would def . be the good ol Care Bears , HANDS DOWN ! 
What a shame ... 
Smiling is infectious you can catch it like the flu when someone smiled at me I started smiling too when I passed the corner someone saw my grin when he smiled I realized I passed it onto him ... Lets start an epidemic of smiling ! 
not sure if I like this new profile thing but what the hell , I'll give it a try ! Oh , and can we stop with this damn < PROPFIRST > game already ? PLEASE and THANK YOU in advance ! 
It's beginning to FEEL a lot like Christmas and this year I'm dreaming of a white one ! 
OMG this child will not stop EATING ! I swear everytime I put her down she is ready to go at it again ! I'm not complaining by any means but damn , give mommy a break < PROPFEMALE > ! lol jkjk I would not have it any other way ! Go baby girl ! 
Why is it that the people that want to and are willing to work and bust their asses off to make a future for themselves cannot find a job to save their lives while those that dont really give a shit one way or the other can find one in a heart beat with or without the proper qualifications ? This shit is wack and I'm tired of it ... 
Ran this morning for the first time in a LONG time and DAMN , did it feel GOOD ! 
Getting my baby ready to go see < PROPFEMALE > ! This should be interesting .. 
making a blanket for my baby girl , watching movies and football and chillen around the house on this dreary day ... 
Only when you get real with yourself can you even begin to think about getting real with your life . Just saying ... 
Damn , shopping really should be considered an Olympic event especially around the holiday cause that shit is no joke .. 
SWEET JESUS IT IS COLD AS A BITCH ! 
I think < PROPFEMALE > just said her first complete \baby sentence\ " ( a series of oooo goo ahhh razzzzz's ) lol if there is such a thing ? I must admit though it was actually kind of freaky sounding because it sounded like she was speaking in some kind of code alien language lol ... " 
HOLY CANNOLI IT LOOKS LIKE A WINTER WONDERLAND OUTSIDE !!! 
Letting go of the past means that can you enjoy the dream that is happening right now . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Ruiz 
Baby has been bathed and fed . My turn now ? * fingers crossed * 
Chillen at home eatin some < PROPFEMALE > food and relaxin with my baby loves ! 
Christmas shopping officially DUNZO and THANK GOD for that ! Now it's cuddle time with my baby loves ! 
I just don't know :( 
Does anyone know exactly when the ECLIPSE is supposed to begin tonight ? I keep hearing different things and I really don't want to miss it ! 
So between the eclipse last night , the baby and my crazy ass boyfriend rolling around in the bed like an animal trying to find all the cold spots I am beat and def in need of some zzz's . 
Bridalplasty seriously ? These women need a psychiatrist not a surgeon ! 
Happy Birthday Grand mom ! I love you so much and thank you in large part for helping me to become the young woman I am today ! 
God saw you getting tired , a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched & saw you pass away . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest ; God broke our hearts to prove to us , He only takes the best . Put as your status if there is someone in Heaven you will miss this Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Let the festivities begin ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! I hope everyone has a blessed and beautiful day ! <3 
I don't mind this weather so much I would just really like to move the hell out of MD at some point in my life preferably sooner rather than later ! I am thinking FL or CA , either would do ! 
Just spent some much needed retail therapy time and let me tell you it felt OH SO GOOD !!! 
<3 California Dreamin <3 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you ... for who you are . Re-post if you have at ... least one true friend . They will know who they are 
I feel like shit ... 
So I watched Jersey Shore for the first time this past wknd and now I am totally addicted . What is my life coming to my god .. 
Damn it is cold as a bishhhh man ... 
I am afraid my baby might be catching a cold :( Damnit ... 
1-1-11 Make a wish !!!! 
Can we do away with winter and just have fall go straight back into Sprng ? I am soooo over all this nasty weather .... 
So much to do so little time .... 
GAME DAY BABY !!!! 
WOMP WOMP 
If your mom is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mom <3 
Why is it Monday afternoon and I still cannot seem to get the < PROPFEMALE>'s loss out of my head ? I mean really ? We f*cked that one up BIG TIME and I just cannot let it go . I am so dissapointed :( 
Despite my inevitable discouragement at times I must say that things seem to be looking up these days and I am very excited about my future and what lies ahead for me in the months to come ! Here is to a PRODUCTIVE 2011 and it's endless opportunities ! 
OMG My baby is finally sleeping through the night and pretty consistently ! Thank God for that because Lord knows mommy and daddy NEED TO SLEEEP sometimes to ! 
It is def to damn cold :( . I cannot WAIT for SPRING TIME !!!! 
tired of worrying and wondering all the time .... 
5 months 15 lbs 4 oz . Still small for her age ( apparently ) but on her way ! Rice cereal here we come ! Yay ! This should be FUN !!! 
This man will always have my heart through good times and bad ; my lover and my bestest friend in the whole wide world !!!! 
Happy Birthday Mr. Marley !!! 
Happy for the pack , they deserved it and while the trophy was nice of course I would have def . loved to walk out of there with that bomb ass camaro as well :D 
Aww my baby is sleeping in her big girl crib tonight and while I am proud of her I must admit I am a little sad as well :( 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ????????????? = 
I AM EXAUSTED 
Excited for Valentines with my baby tomorrow !!! :) 
Happy Valentines day everyone !! I hope everyone has a wonderful day spent with those they love most !! 
I had a AMAZING VALENTINES DAY and am convinced I have the absolute best boyfriend a girl could ever ask for HANDS DOWN however now it is back to the daily grind and you know what ? I am ok with that !!!! Have a great day everyone ! 
Do u do what people tell u to do or follow what u feel in your heart is right for you ? IDK and I'm so confused ... :( 
Man , I didn't realize there were so many birthdays so close to mine ! Happy Birthday to all the Aquarians/Pisceans !!!! 
Worst day EVER :( Hanging out with my baby girl and hopefully getting some much needed SLEEEEEP tonight ! 
Thank you so much to everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes ! It truly means a lot to me !!! 
Thank you all again for all the bday love !!! 
Thank GOD for no school today because I was def . not feeling it .... 
Nursing these Saltines and gingerale something serious ... 
My baby girl is getting baptised on Mothers Day in my grandmommy and grand daddys church ! Best gift EVER ! 
Today is International Women's Day so make sure to let that special woman/women in your life know just how much you appreciate them today and every day !!! 
Thursday is my Friday and thank god for that because this has been the longest week of my life ! 
Happy St < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone ! Be safe !! 
Tired of keeping quiet about shit . Sometimes some things just need to be said ... 
Spring Fest Babyyy !! 
OMJ < PROPFIRST > Bieber is not on my tv teaching Regis and < PROPFIRST > how to dougie ? WHAT !!!? REALLY ? LMAO TOO FUNNY ! 
It's crazy how your whole perspective on life changes when u have a child . I will do any and everything to protect my baby believe that .. 
Soooo happy to see that the sun finally came out to play today . I just hope that it stops teasing us and sticks around for a little while !!!!!!!!!! 
One foot in front of the other .. 
I feel like shit and I wish I could just do something nice for myself ... 
This journey is not always easy but when I look into her eyes I know no matter what , it's always worth the struggle .. 
\If u see a tornado out there crouch down somewhere and cover ur head\ " lol really WBAL ?? Thanks for that ... " 
I have the happiest baby in the world ! I love her so much !!!! 
God it is absolutely gorgeous out today I just pray it doesn't rain . 
Took my baby girl to see the Easter < PROPFEMALE > today ! He scared the shit out of me but she loved it lol ! 
Happy Easter Everybody ! Enjoy !! 
Same old bullshit just a different day . This is all just getting a little tired to be honest .. 
In class studying hard and working toward a brighter future for my family and I on this BEAUTIFUL day ! Oh well , I know that in the end the outcome will be that much more beautiful ! 
OMG I am such a hopeless romantic , this is sad ... 
Mentally , emotionally and physically DRAINED .. 
Putting my baby girl ( and myself ) to sleep with a bedtime bath of lavender and chamomile . 
Happy mother's day to all the mommy's out there and thank you everyone for coming out today and making it so special for my family and I ! 
I never thought I would be so excited to go see the doc but feeling the way I have been lately I cannot wait to talk to him this afternoon 
Dear God , I would like to say thank you for blessing me with those kind of \AHA moments\ " from time to time that remind me that nothing really is as bad as it ever seems and that in the end I really will be ok so long as I stay true to myself and stand strong even when the world around me seems to be crumbling down around me ! " 
Hoping my Friday the 13th happened Thursday the 12th cause boy was that one help of a day that I am not trying to relive again anytime soon especially not today .. * praying for a good weekend * 
Missing my best friend tonight ... 
Damnit is EVERYONE going to the beach this wknd ? WTH , SO JEALOUS . 
My baby girl is crawling ... in circles though ? LMAO .. poor thing , she tries so hard ! 
I miss my fwends :( 
I feel a surge of creative energy coming on and I am excited !!!! 
I REALLY need a job right now ... PLEASE someone HELP ! 
I have off school for the week of July 4th tryna figure out what to do ... 
Summer colds are the worst .. 
Tat #1 
Sooo I really want another tat now , of course I couldent just stop at 1 . 
Went to the drive in last night with my 2 babies , working the market and running errands then off to NC to see the fam for the 4th ! It's gonna be a good\ 
( much needed ) break !!! 
Watching early fireworks with my baby ! 
Every dog has it's day bitch best believe you'll get yours . That shit makes me sick to my stomach . How can someone be so evil ? 
Finishing up this paper then taking my ass to bed . Soooo NOT ready to go back to class tomorrow ..... 
There has got to be something more ... 
I am seriously contemplating dropping everything and moving as far away from here as I can .... 
This damn hw is going to be the end of me .... 
I need a night out like NOW before I lose my minddddd 
I don't want to give up but I don't know what more to do .... 
I refuse to go down with u .... 
My baby girl is sitting here eating cheerios and drinking juice straight out of a sippy cup like she's been doing this forever , grinning from ear to ear so proud if herself ! My god , where the time go .... 
Everytime I look on my damn news feed all I see is girls taking random pics of herself and posting them up like they are really special . It's def not that serious and u def are not that cute so please go check urself and your lack of self esteem . Who do I think I are fooling ? 
I care to much I'm only gonna end up getting hurt in the end so what's the point for real ? 
Medical school has made me a freakin hypochondriac trying to diagnose myself and shit like I need any more problems in my life . 
God I am feeling like this day is never going to end . Please somebody get me out of this hot , musty ass classroom .. 
I can do better 
\ If you continue to do what you have always done you are going to continue to get what you have always gotten\ " . Aren't you bored wih it all yet ? Don't you think its time for a change ? " 
God has no Android , but is my favorite contact ... He does not have Facebook , but is my best Friend ... He does not have twitter , but I still follow Him ... And even without internet , I am always in contact with Him ! Paste it in your Wall if God is Great to You ! 
A 15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son . People call her a slut , no one knows she was raped at 13 . People call another Guy fat . No one knows he has a serious disease causing him to be overweight . People call an old man ugly . No one knew he had a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war . Re-post this if you are against bullying and stereotyping . I bet 95% of you won't . 
LAZY PEOPLE PISS ME OFFFFFFFFFF TO NO EXTENT 
So many things I want to be able to give to her . She is my purpose and reason for living . You will have it all one day baby I promise ! Mommy loves you babygirl and I will do anything and everything for you so help me god ! 
Rolling around with my babies .... 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born .. Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would ..? When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision ... to allow your heart to walk around outside your body ..? Put this on your status , if you have children you love more than life . 
gotta fix this FAST ! 
Crazy emotional right now .. 
nose in the books ..... 
Every woman deserves a man that calls her baby , kisses her like he means it , holds her like he never wants to lose her , doesn't make her jealous of other women but instead makes other women jealous of her , is not afraid to let his friends know how he really feels about her , and makes sure she knows how much he loves her ... GOOD men are VERY VERY RARE !!!!! Repost if you agree ;) 
Saw a little girl get hit while riding her bike today in Towson and I am beside myself . To hear that mother scream the way she did only a mother can feel that type of fear and I felt hers .... 
Studying hard .... 
Traffic was a bitch but I got my baby now headed home ! Thank god , what a day ! 
Fall is in the air ! What a gorgeous day to bad I feel like crap :( . 
B . I . T . C . H ( Beautiful Individuals that Create Haters ) ... \ 
Happy Friday Everyone ;) Be safe ! 
I am a Mom . That makes me an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a waitress , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur , a lifelong student , an event planner , a personal assistant , an ATM , & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or days off . I work through the day & night . I am on call at all hours the rest of my life . Post if you are a PROUD mom --- ? ? ? 
