Hope each one of you and all those you love have a safe , healthy , happy and prosperous new year . Always remember to count your riches in terms of blessings rather than money ! Happy New Year ! 

HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY to everyone . Remember to tell those who are special to you that they are important - otherwise they may never know . To all those who ave touched my life , you are very special , very important and very appreciated ... you make up the tapestry of life . Have a great day ! 
Reposting from a friend tgat I deeply agree with ... now that I learned how - thank you < PROPFIRST > . I actually do read each one of my posts ... Never doubt that I don't . I am not only glad to count you as a friend , but also glad to count you as family .... I care for all of you !!! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . Lets see who the true friend's are . 
Just went to visit neighbrs farms in Farmville and on my screen , all neigbors show Level 0 and achievements O . Is anyone else seeing the same thing ? 
I am in search of an emperor butterfly to complete a collection and don't have it on my request or wish < PROPFEMALE > in armville . If anyone is able to gift me the emperor butterfly , I would sure appreciate it . Thanks . 
If you have a Best Friend who is your Sister , has shared life's precious blessings with you , and has also been there for you through thick and thin , copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without sisters :) ... I'd be lost without mine . Friends by fate , Sisters by choice . xoxoxoon 
Looking for additional Farmville friends and neighbors . If you love farmville and want more friends to share gifts with , let me know . The more the merrier ! 
Argg ... losing gifts and can't return them ..... 
Toooo many gliche tonight so going to bed . Will try again tomorrow . ' Nite all . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all my friends - whether you're < PROPFEMALE > or just wish you were ( at least once a year . ) May today and every day bring you peace , love , blessings and much happiness . 
IMPORTANT INFO TO BE AWARE OF & SHARE : THERE IS A VIRUS SPEADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM ME OR ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU TUBE . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK . PLEASE REPOST THIS IN YOUR status 
Posted via a FB friend ... people must understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , Will you be one of the 7% that does ............... and make this your status for at least an hour . 
via FB friends : CONFIRMED BY ZYNGA : If you hit OK on collectibles , eggs , gold , etc , you END the posting & PREVENT others from sharing . PLEASE , DO NOT hit OK , just Home or Back button . Please repost & spread the word ! ANOTHER THING , if you try to get an egg , collectible , etc ., there isn't any more , take the 5 seconds to type GONE in the comment section so other people don't go looking . 
From a FB Friend : Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our firefighters . If you support our firefighters then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This ... should appear in everyone's status !!!! God bless our Firefighters !! Thank you to all of them ! 
I can't even get on Facebook . My home < PROPFEMALE > is fine , but if I click on FM bonus or egg or ..., all I do is go to a blank white screen that says done . Anyone else having problems ? 
Repost - & sentiments I deeply share . ( Dear Mom ) I thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven . 
Via a FM Friend - Down's syndrome is not an illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to make them better , what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else .... Will you be one of the few folks does copy this and put it as you status and leave it for at least one hour ? 
Wow - can tell I have the right 7% - so many of us reposted the Down Syndrome post - high < PROPFIRST > - I'm pretty proud of us . And what a great response from < PROPFIRST > on < PROPMALE > C's < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Reminder or for new players : WHEN YOU GET AN EGG OR COLLECTiBLE OR ANY PRIZE - DO NOT CLICK THE OK BUTTON ; JUST HIT HOME AND THE PRIZE STILL GOES TO YOUR GIFT BOX -BY DOING THIS UP TO 10 MORE PEOPLE CAN ALSO GET THE PRIZE - EVERY BODY WINS . Also , if you go for a prize and inone left , be a good neighbor and type gone to help everyone . 
Apparently the ok button is a rumor - sorry for sharing misinformation . H(Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ) . OWEVER , YOUR NEIGHBORS WILL APPRECIATE IT IF YOU TAKE THE SECOND TO TYPE IN \GONE\ " if you've checked an egg or collectible or other prize and find there are no more left - saves lots of time and frustration . " 
Bedtime is calling - good nigh all . 
For real , < PROPFEMALE > ( and all ) , off to bed . G'nite . lol 
I can't believe it ... it's 9:23 in the morning and I've just been informed I AM OUT OF fv REQUESTS FOR THE DAY !!!! Argggh - I did play for awile in the middle of the night , but still .... sorry for anyone I don't give or return a gift too , but will again as soon as they'll let me . Oh well , I gues the good news is that I was able to fill a bunch of requests - lots of eggs traded . lol 
Is anybody ( evrybody ) else having a problem geting Farmville neighbors to load ? Mine keeps saying loading , but never does so I can't visit , fertilize farms ( Can get there randomly from neighbors at top ) . You all ? 
Goodnight all .... sleep well . 
Wishing all my FB friends and all those in your lives the joy , the love and especially the hope of Easter . I hope you all have a wonderful day and a lovely spring . HAPPY EASTER ! 
Hey Fellow Farmers , think about Joining < PROPFIRST>'s race to beautify with Morning Glories ! Just go to the Coop Farming box(right above your gift bos ) , scroll thru active jobs till you find < PROPFIRST>'s morning < PROPFEMALE > , click Join and plant and harvest morning glories like Crazy ! Thanks !! 
Join our newest coop . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and I are racing to plant morning glories and GO for the Gold . Please join us and let's make it happen ! 
Our morning < PROPFEMALE > race against the clock continues . I just harvested all but the last 8 or so that I tucked in at the last minute , but they'll be ready in a couple of hours . How are the rest of you doing . If my math is right - always a question - check me out Jenn - I think we should all be ready to harvest within the timeline for Gold - LET'S DO IT ! 
< PROPMALE > who is looking to join a coop farming experience , come join < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and I in < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFIRST > picking coop . We need to plant and harvest grapes and cranberries to earn the gold medal prize of the school bus plow - very cool ! Come join us if you can . 
From < PROPFEMALE > via Mary : Let's see who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays .. attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who responds 
Just wanted to take a minute to thank everyone who helped build my nursery barn . It is finished ! Yeah !!! Everyone can send items to other folks who need them - you guys are all sooooo very generous - I have wonderful FV friends ! 
Can't believe I haven't played all night - busy re-arranging the farm ... lol . Not bad if I do say so ...... see ya all tomorrow . 
Hope this io to post . Interested in a Vacation Rental ? My best friend's renting their 3 bedroom home on Cape Cod ( Mass ) . Great house , wonderful location , priced right , all the amenities .... If interested in details , send me a private message or go to craigslist.com and search property 1703166698 under housing ( vacation rentals , Mass , Cape Cod . ) Hope you have a happy vacation and we rent to someone we \know \"." 
Those of you on my < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > s interested in disability services and Mass budget cuts - and I know there are lots of you - might want to check out the Facebook < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > called Save < PROPFEMALE > Family Support . There is some interesting new content on there and you may want to participate . 
via < PROPFEMALE > ... and I'll gladly post because I AM so blessed . A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . They will know who you mean . 
Must go work on speech for work presentation tomorrow . Maybe back later depending on how long it takes . Have I mentioned I HATE , DESPISE , INTENSELY DISLIKE public speaking ???? However , I believe in the cause so will do my best . See ya . Wish me luck . 
For My Mom in Heaven : If roses grow in heaven , Lord , please pick a bunch ( of yellow ones ) for me ~ Place them in my mother's arms & tell her they're from me ~ Tell her that I love & miss her , & when she turns to smile ~ place a kiss upon her cheek & hold her for a while ~ Remembering her is easy ~ I do it everyday~There's an ache within my heart that will never go away . Give her a hug yo , ok ? Happy Mother's Day in Heaven Mom ! 
If any of my wonderful FV friends still has gift requests left this late , I need one more board and my stable expansion will be finished . If you are able to send me just one , I'd be thrilled ... thanks . 
Thanks everyone - with your help , my stable is fully expanded - yay ... and thanks . If you need building materials , let me know and I'll do my best to send , but please don't waste limited gift returns on sending additional materials to me . Thanks so much . E 
Did I do this right ? Can someone tell me if they can see this 
ATTENTION : Before you click publish for any post , you need to click that little lock that is to the left of publish and select everyone or friends . FB has changed all posts to automatically post to yourself only - you need to select friends or everyone . Otherwise no one else will see your post ,... even if they ... go to your wall . Please ... let everyone know . 
On top of posting issues , is anyone else having < PROPMALE > problems getting farms to load ? 
We did it ladies - thanks and congratulations to all of us for the Pumpkin Gold Medal !!! 
Help - please explain the Tuscan Wedding thing ... what's the difference between ingredients and favors ? Lots of truffles collected but 0 favors ???? I don't quite get it - nothing new there ... lol 
Can't keep these eyeball open any more so off to bed ; see ya all tomorrow ! Nite ... :) 
Thanks to all Veterans and their families who share them with us . Know we are grateful for the sacrifice ! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > and to the republic for which it stands , one nation under God , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and justice for all . If you are a true patriot , copy and paste this into your status . Please rembember those who gave their lives for our freedom ! 
ADDP fannounced Senate Dem . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is trying to pass the FMAP extension . < PROPFIRST > Brown ' is opposing it . Please call Senator Brown , ( 202)224-4543 and ask ( beg ) him to support people w/ disabilities . Failure to enact FMAP will deprive Mass . of $698 Milliion and devastate human services . Go to archive.constantcontact.com, click link & send email . 
WOOHOO - WE GOT GOLD AND < PROPFEMALE > got her pagoda ! THANKS to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > - we couldn't have done it except together . Special thanks to our VIP , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Calling it a night . Happy Farming and Happy Monday to all . \ 
If anyone is looking for a coop to join , think about helping us with < PROPFEMALE>'s PB & J job , Grow peanuts then strawberries for gold . YES , I DO want that Biplane - lol ... but it's true . Night . 
Not sure if this s is for real , but in case ... complaints that Facebook has become unacceptably slow . Report shows that Facebook has a number of non-active members . They want us to re-post this message to see who's active and not . If you don't post this message within 2 weeks you will be removed . I'm posting in case it's true - feel free ... or not . :) 
As Fathers Day Approaches : If roses grow in Heaven , Lord , pick a bunch for me . Place them in my Daddy's arms & tell him they're from me . Tell him that I love & miss him & when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his cheek & hold him for a while . Because remembering him is easy . I do it everyday . There's an ache within my heart that will never go away . Miss you Dad ... Copy & paste if your Dad is in Heaven . 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there . Remember , almost any man can become a father but it takes a special man to be a Dad . Congrats to all the Dads ... and if you're lucky enough to have a Dad , be sure to thank him and wish him a happy day . I was blest with a great Dad - in heaven now - but always with me . THANKS DAD ! 
Summer is really here ... can't believe the 4th of July is just over a week away . I can't figure out how the three months of summer are so short and three months of winter are so long ! lol 
New problem on FV . Everytime it gives me the option to publish anything I only get a black screen . Anyone else ? 
Got kicked off with a \saving your farm\ " argggg " 
Let's try that again ... 
FB won't let me request from the coop < PROPFEMALE > :( so doing it this way :) Can you help ? We need just 20 more morning glories planted and harvested to get the gold ! Please join < PROPFEMALE>'s coop and plant them so we can ALL take GOLD ! Thanks . 
Hi , if you have them , < PROPFEMALE > needs BEES . Hive is completed - thanks to sll - so don't need any more parts , just the bees to move in . If you casn send me a honeybee , I'd be most appreciative . Of course , keep sending reqyests for what you need also ; I try hard to return all . <3 
Anybody looking for a last minute vacation to Cape Cod for this week ? Just had a rental fall thru and hate to have the house empty . Will rent for part of the week at this point at a great rate . It's supposed to be a great beach week ..... you know you want to . <3 Leave tomorrowor Monday for a fee days of vacation ! Send me a private message for details if interested . 
Is FB back to showing each individual post rather than \65 other posts \"?" 
I hate to sound stupid , but ... how do you start a Haunted House in FV ? I can't find the shell anywhere .? Help ! 
Chat is definitely all mesed up - messages not going thru , responses not posting .... arggg 
Hi , It wouldn't let me type in a message so .... I'll do it this way . Looking for Farmers to join the Sachet coop and do some serious planting and harvesting . Can you help ? 
I have decided Farmville Hates me ... lol . Won't let me type in the chat box to recruit friends for a c o-o p . Sooooo , calling all my farmer friends to join me , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ( so far ) in joing the fresh sachet coop . Crops will help in most craft shops , not to mention we want the xtra points for GOLD ! Can you help ? All are very welcome . Thanks . 
So grateful for my FB and FV friends . Bummin that I have to stay in the hospital another day ( and it's far from home ) , but glad I have all of you to keep me \company\ " . <3 " 
Thanks to everyone who joined in our Fresh Sachet coop . Thanks to all our efforts - we did it ... and got gold . Ready for another ? I just joined < PROPFEMALE>'s strawberry shortcake job and hope lots if you will jump in ! Can you help ? Let's go for Gold again ! 
I appreciate the prayers and good wishes you all sent . Thanks to all of them in part , I did get dischardged from the hospital today and am happily relaxing at home . You guys are the best ! 
Anyone out there able to join our coop and plant about 140 sunflowers to harvest tomorrow night ? If we get those in and everyone harvests on time , we WILL GET GOLD ! Can YOU join ? Thanks . 
A HUGE THANK YOU to all my farmville coop farmer friends .... we did it !!! Another GOLD and lots of extra points for all of us - WAY TO GO ! What a team we all make . <3 
Does anyone know what's going on with the farmer's market in FV ? \No bushels\ " of any type available ???? " 
STILL can't get any bushels from market stall - I'm not full , but it keeps saying \no bushels available\ " . Anyone ??? " 
Calling any farmer not in a coop at the moment .... please join ours and help us plant and harvest for gold . It's a huge coop and still needs almost 1500 plots seeded ( but worth over 1000 exp . points if we get the gold ) . We've been on a streak and want to keep it going . Everyone's welcome . Can YOU help ??? Thanks . 
g - still can't type in the chat boxplease join coop and plant ! 
Hey all farmers - we still need coop members to join < PROPFEMALE>'s spice muffin coop We need about 200 carrots and 500 peppers planted and harvested Can you help ? There's still plenty of time to get the gold medal and the 1000 extra points with a few more dedicated farmers Can you help ? Please join ! 
Am I just missing ALL the game feeds for tonight or ....???? 
Happy Thanksgiving to my FB friends ; you brighten many days-more than you know . Today I say a prayer of thanks for you , for my family & friends & for our armed forces , police , fire , emergency & medical personnel . I add an extra special prayer for those gone and no longer at the table , but who's love was a special gift and made us who we are today . Wishing you all a joy-filled , peaceful and Happy Thanksgiving . <3 
Calling all my FV farmers to join < PROPMALE > Koeck's Spicy Tomato Juice coop - we want another Gold and know that together , WE CAN DO IT !!! Please join , plant and harvest .... all are welcome ! 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please post 
Check out our pic in yesterday's Sentinel(Fitchburg , Mass ) – Workers’ Credit Union’s < PROPMALE > Richardson presents a holiday gift to ARC Community Services’ < PROPFEMALE > Nicholson , < PROPFEMALE > Robbillard ( left ) and < PROPFEMALE > Ganong ( right ) in front of the Giving Tree the credit union is sponsoring at its Main St. branch . \ 
One of our local banks is hosting the tree for holiday gifts for families we support . Cool ! 
Yes , we do a Giving Tree with the goal of being able to secure 100 holiday gifts for disabled children and their siblings . The community response has been great , but we're feeling the impact of the economy . If you'd like and are able to help , we still need lots of gifts . 
Reply-yes we still need Barbies & accessories , arts & crafts , trucks , makeup , nail polish , hair do-dads , pj's in all children's and adult sizes , mens M coat , men's Lg & XLG sweatshirts , any toy at all . If you're looking to make yourself feel good and make a child's holiday brighter , donations are still being gratefully accepted . Drop off at Arc Community Services , 564 Main St. , Fitchburg for the Giving Tree . Thanks . 
Just wanted to take a minute and say I hope all my FB friends had a < PROPFEMALE > , peaceful and joy filled day . You're all special to me and I hope you all had a special day . <3 
Anybody looking for a FV coop to join ? We'd love some help in my petal sachet job . We all want the gold medal and extra bonus pointed ... are toy interested/available ? All are very welcome . Thanks . 
is soooo sick . Yuck - smashing headache so my whole face hurts - my cheekbones and my jawbone and my earlobes ... ache all over .... even my fingernails , and they're fake ... lol ... :( Back for yet ANOther nap . 
is soooo frustrated . STILL can't get FV to load at ALL ! Get thru the opening screen , then NOTHING ! Also can't collect any game requests . Anyone else still having loading issues ? 
All this talk about Jets and Stealers ... is it still football season or something ??? LOL . Must admit I don't follow football at all ( if the Patriot's were still in I'd hope the local team one but beyond that .... dare I say , who cares ? I know I'm in danger of being shot but ,,, when NBA playoffs are happening , I'l be posting ... LOL . Good luck to all - hoping your favorite team wins ! 
Reposted gladly as I was lucky enough to have a Mom who was by best friend - E . My mom made me laugh , Wiped my tears , Hugged me tight , Watched me succeed , saw me fall , Cheered me on . Kept me going strong ... AndDrove me a little crazy at times . But , moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever . Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love . 
is soooo frustrated . Can't get farm to load . Once it flashed on then went right \out of sync\ " .... argggggg " 
Been off all day .... what's all the talk about neighbors and expansion - what's going on ????? 
Asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . Too many to mention have fought and are fighting it , I hope to see this in the status ... of all my friends 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to Everyone ! Wishing you chocolate and bling of course , but mostly wishing true friendship , a sense of belonging , and much love to everyone I care about . Have a GREAT Day ! 
