is amazed by the number of turtles on the road today . Fortunately , all of them appeared to be alive and intact . 

is still at the free clinic , taking a break from charting , and wondering whether there's a rock band called \Free Clinic . \"" 
is getting stoked about the Brubeck concert in Chicago on Friday ! 
is off to see the Wizard ( < PROPMALE > Brubeck ) . 
will miss being entertained and , at times , mildly annoyed by < PROPFIRST > Mays . 
is hoping that the Pirates-Cubs game on Wednesday doesn't get rained out . 
: Cubs win . 
is exhausted after 10 days on the road . 
J'écoute maintenant à Fats Waller . 
is full of salsa from this morning's farmers ' market . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is trying to make sense of so many uncanny coincidences in his life lately . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > would really dig this . 
wonders if anyone knows of a place to buy good , meaty pumpkins for cooking in Terre Haute or Bloomington . 
just had the best onion soup ever . 
URGENT FACEBOOK UPDATE : as of 12:01 a.m. EST , Facebook will have the option to : schedule the Rapture ; repossess your home ; eat your pets ; take your children to Neptune . To turn this option off , go to ' settings , ' then ' privacy , ' then ' meals , ' then click ' NO EATING PETS . ' Warn your friends ! 
: It's about time to dust off the violin and start practicing again . 
is in the mood to hear the White Stripes . Don't know what brought it on so suddenly . 
Okay . I guess I'll do the doppelganger thing . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > P . for the photo . 
Before you judge someone , walk a mile in his shoes . That way , if he gets mad , you'll be a mile away and you'll have his shoes . 
is back in scenic Pittsburgh . 
is wondering why I can handle jetlag , but I can't handle daylight savings time . I've been wide awake at 4:30 am for the last four days . 
had a great time at the Here Come the Mummies concert , despite my instant deafness . 
just finished up a ride on the Sugar Creek Trail . Perfect weather ; great scenery . 
wants to thank my friends and family for all of your thoughtful birthday wishes ! 
had a great time at dinner surrounded by his favorite people . Thanks for joining me , everybody ! I'm such a lucky fella ! 
is glad my conference day at Allegheny General is over . Now for some Korean food ! 
is heading out for an evening with with < PROPFEMALE > Hahn and < PROPFIRST > Sibelius . 
has a belly full of Greek food and a head full of good music . 
is enjoying a Wise Pie with pesto , artichokes , & fresh garlic . 
is about to hear some fantastic stride piano . 
is headed to < PROPFIRST>'s Cafe for a tasty Lebanese lunch . Gotta do something about this hummus craving . 
has started rating the quality of my weekends based on how well I dined . This has been a good weekend . 
is grateful for random acts of kindness . 
Lunch at Traders Point Creamery ! 
will be exercising his Midwestern right to refer to EVERY sofa as a \davenport\ " ALL WEEKEND LONG . " 
a perfect evening for a long bike ride in the country . 
Lunch @ Anyetsang's Little Tibet !!!! 
sitting in the moonlight watching a fantastic lightning display in the distance . Better than any fireworks display I've ever seen . 
PIcked up another violin -- a nice one in need of a neck repair . \ 
\ 
I really don't want to end up with a stringed instrument rescue shelter in my home -- and I'd like to be able to retire someday . Maybe I'll sell all of them off for a nice Pressenda or a Curtin & Alf one of these days . 
drove through what appeared to be heavy smoke on the highway that turned out to be a pretty turbulent funnel cloud . Having a lot of fun weather encounters this weekend . 
helped grout a tile floor this evening . Oy , vey ! 
: dinner at the Mayberry Cafe . 
The sky's so hazy ; I don't think I'll be seeing any northern lights . And I'm just too sleepy to drive up to Winnipeg on a work night . 
: concert in the park . Up next , Gustav Holst's First Suite in E-flat for band and locusts . 
@ the Indiana Ragtime Society Festival . 
just drove 80 < PROPMALE > with a lot of Korean food in my back seat . Now my car will have a delicious aroma all week ! 
must figure out why Shell stations in Michigan have 20-pound bags of peeled raw carrots and sugar beets stacked between the gas pumps . 
is still unwelcome at any Ringling Bros . /Barnum & < PROPFEMALE > Circus after questioning whether the clowns are up to date on all their vaccinations . I was only seven at the time . You think they'd get over it by now . 
is playing hurry up and wait at the Apple Store , as always . 
has the day off work and was hoping to sleep in -- until the earthquake rattled me out of bed . Go figure . 
I managed to snag the last seat at the last minute for a < PROPFIRST > Redbone & < PROPFIRST > Asaro concert in an old saloon near Indy . Wish my luck could always be this good . 
Okay , Mother Nature . You win again . After two nights without electricity or a standard source of heat , you've worn me out ! I'm glad that Duke Energy finally got around to my neighborhood . 
Pho at Saigon Cafe !!! 
just stocked up on a month's worth of carrot-ginger and butternut squash soups at Trader < PROPFIRST>'s . I never get tired of the stuff . 
is lethargic , with a belly full of mussels and French bread . It must be a case of PSFBLS ( Post-Shellfish-and-French-Bread-Lethargy Syndrome ) . 
Just heard from a wrong number caller at 11:20 pm :\ 
Caller [ elderly woman ] : \Bob . Did you have your cocoa tonight ? \ " \ 
In Indiana listening to the news on KDKA ( Pittsburgh ) using my 1937 Westinghouse 5-tube radio . Try doing that on a modern radio . : ) 
is very happy to know that my friends in Japan are alive and coping . 
Time For Three concert at RHIT tonight ! 
Time for American Pickers ! 
thanks everyone for all of the thoughtful birthday wishes ! 
