My last video ;) http://rtprestaurantguide.com/pub1icc1ips/ 

Happy new year everyone ! 
I think that it should be ... Willow , Hornswaggle , and the midget chick from total recall in a triple threat match . 
My birthday tomorrow . Lets everyone sing now .... 
thanks to all the bday wishes 
Guess we will < PROPFEMALE > around here and play some scene it . 3 teams of 2 
sundays are the lazy days 
The frikin hot concrete at the pool is worth bitchin about !!! 
I got beat by a girl at mini golf !! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > WTF 
chillin at home by myself tonight . Everyone's gone for weekend . Will see my daughter tomorrow . 
hit the magic house today for a couple of hours . new pics , but not me 
Does anyone know why midgets laugh all the time ? Because the grass tickles their balls . 
Watch out for aj when he sneezes . Better back up the herells have some nostraals . 
well ... i'm up early again . as long as there is something on tv . good thing blade is on . 
Waiting for two more weeks then let the good times roll !! 
The good wheather has finally arrived ! Anyone that works outside , let's all get together and have a keggar . 
Ah !! Two more days ! Enough said 
Finally the time has come . Get through today , then tomorrow the only thing to do is wait . 
Had to say goodbye to someone that i did not want to this morning . very depressing monday after a great weekend . 
Hoping to mend an emotional heartache . 
Got my closure last night but still very hard to accept . Will still be keeping in touch with limited visitation . Really sucks what your heart can do to you sometimes . 
bbq at work .. yummy 
awesome wheather here in stl ! 
It's saturday morning . drinking coffee and watching ghostbusters 2 . not a bad combo i suppose . 
Jampacked day at the putt putt in fenton mo . me and my girl . have not seen it this busy before . ( the hole with the shadow was my hole in one ) 
wearing jeans today . the wheather is finally changing . feels great ! all of you that work outside , hollar ! 
getting the tux fitted tonight for sis's wedding . 
why is it when you try to ease someone or something off your mind , things come back at you to keep reminding you ? 
My daughter gets to try on her flowergirl dress tonight . should turn out ok . 
Playing some mini golf on a nice day feels just fine . Especially when you get at least one hole in one . Could of had two dammit !! 
If you have not seen the movie United 93 , it is a must see . Very well done . I bought it for myself . It is about 9-11 . I got it a while back . Some of the people from that day are in the movie i believe . 
Are you ready for some football !! Let's go rams ! Make St. Louis happy 
Tomorrow i get a big chunk of debt off my ass . Halla frikin leuya !! Been waiting forever . More money for me ! 
A big debt has been paid !! Now i can relax a little . whewww 
Went out and got the new disturbed cd . Heard a few songs . so far so good !! I already knew the- another way to die . 
Hangin out at < PROPMALE > park for < PROPMALE > days . Free concert from < PROPFIRST > dirt . Sounding awesome ! 
preseason hockey starts tonight ! lets go blues !! 
gonna do some paintballin for the first time today . should be fun and interesting . lets see if i get trigger happy !! 
rams get a win today !! we should be 3-0 . but all for not . 
just got done watching ghost hunters on the sci fi channel . they did an investigation on the lemp mansion here in st. < PROPFIRST > . It definately turned out positive ! good results . 
My computer got crashed tonight . just now got all the crap reinstalled and updated again . 
It will be awesome if the rams get a win today . They can make it at 2-2 . After the blues pulled off an overtime win !! It will be a great weekend for st. < PROPFIRST > sports fans ! 
rams get the win !! all is good in st. < PROPFIRST > !! 
Here we go .. getting the tux fitted on wed ., rehersal dinner on thurs ., playing cards on fri ., wedding on sat ., putt putt on sun . sounds productive i think . 
dinner rehearsal went just fine . No More Food !! 
A blues overtime win !!! now lets go rams !! 
Awesome win for the blues on sat . night !! ot win 1-0 
Lets go blues !! remain undefeated at home ? 
Hey < PROPFIRST > , is this new pic of yours your halloween costume ? just asking 
Oh , how sweet it is ! A shootout win for the blues . I'm bleeding the color tonight . 
Trick or treat .. do you know why blind people dont skydive ?... because it scares the crap out of their dogs . 
The mother f'n blues are rollin !! I need a bandaid for this bleeding . 
This just might be the year for the blues ?? Red hot wearing blue . Bring on the playoffs !! 
Well .. the blues are at home for 2 . Let's see what happens .... dammit do something ! 
Happy turkey day everyone . Lets eat some grub , drink some beer , and watch football . < PROPFEMALE > out with the family . 
Should be a good end to 2010 . Get to spend it with some sweetness . Look towards 2011 . 
Breaking in the new year wont be as great as it could have been :-( 
Well .. first weekend of the new year 
Wow , how embarassing for the saints . 
Toys r us with the kiddo , couple of hours with the grandparents , then try to cheer someone up with a smile . Also some playoff football ! 
