HEY-SOOS freaks are my favorite kind of freaks ! 

Who the funk took my he-man action figure ? 
Last night with < PROPFEMALE > and Isak . This morning same . Then the beach with Tweets and her fam . And at night my favorite cousin and i saw how to train ur dragon . Finished with DQ . Summer .... i think yes ! 
Cleaning the litter box for 7 kittens and 1 cat ... Would have rather skinny dipped in a sewer . Still feel violated ! 
Men have traveled the world , faced many dangers , and sacrificed things of great importance in search of treasure , when in fact all they had to do was to look at their family and lover and realize that its been there , in their arms the whole entire time . 
It really should be spelt wensday ... Silly Americans , grammer's not for you . 
If you have never slid around in the grass during a downpour of rain ... well lets just say u dont know what u have been missing ! Cept my booty is pretty much stained green 
A true friend tells you what you need to hear , not what you want to hear . 
Where hate and cruelty stop , love and caring begins . 
Giving away kittens . Lemme know if anyone wants one :) 
Surprise day for < PROPFEMALE > Behbeh ! 
Sometimes in life , you know you can't have something . But that only makes you want it more and try harder to get it . 
The world is full of love . A soulmate's true love , a mother's and father's unconditional love , a friend's eternal love , a brother's unsaid love , a sister's emotional love . To recieve even one is a treasure worth living a million lifetimes , thru the pain , hardship , & uncertainty . To all who love me , you are the reason my heart still beats , the reason my lips still smile , & the reason my soul has so much love to give 
Loves backseat dance parties more than anyone , ever did ! 
A closed heart is like living without emotion . You can open or close your eyes to see , your ears to hear , your mouth to taste . But your heart must always be open to feel and love . 
Treat ya like my sticky ickey or my sweet oowy gooey , fa real though :) 
My thoughts will be constantly on you , my dreams always about you , my heart forever yours . 
To all of those ppl that are leaving for college , I just wanted you to no that no one will replace you . A void will be left here that no one could replace . I love you all for your quirkiness , your loyalty , your honesty , & your love of life and friends . Good luck in college ! Dont forget me , because i am sure that i couldn't ever erase you from my memories . No matter how hard i scrub , u will always be in my heart . 
Even a good decision , if made for the wrong reasons , could be the wrong decision . 
When the monkey finds a banana tree he is happy . And if he happens to drop one of those bananas on the jungle floor he does not become upset or depressed . He knows there are plenty more bananas on the tree and plenty more trees to go around . 
When i hear u speak , when i hear ur laugh , i know that no < PROPFEMALE > , no song , could ring as sweetly in my ear as ur voice . When i see ur face , when i see u smile , i know that no sunset or sunrise , no < PROPMALE > or mountain , is as beautiful as u . When i feel your skin , when i feel ur lips , i know there is no silk or cotton as soft or warm as u . When i sense your love , i no there is no greater feeling in all of the world VTE 
Haven't been this pumped for the weekends in forever ! 
I knew this weekend was gonna be great . I knew it was gonna be awesome . I knew it was gonna be perfect . And somehow it was much much more . 
Had an awesome friday and saturday with a lovely person . Hopefully the rest of the weekend will finish just as swimmingly . 
Even when life is changing , even when it gets tough , even when u think its never gonna be like it was , u cant give up . U have to remember that in the end it will all be ok . That no matter what happens u always have those u love , those that are there for u . You u always have God and ur beliefs . Nothing can take that from u . 
< PROPFIRST > bauman \ I love the smell of sausage . \ " I can't say I didn't know it all along " 
Extremely happy :) 
