Just spilled white-out over my fingers . Thus said , I realized that Germ-X doesn't like white-out ... 

Just broke someone's heart on Facebook . I can't believe this is only Day 2 of Internet exposure . Other than that though , I'm having fun ... 
Just bought a Pineapple Baby at < PROPMALE > World and named it Macadamia ( and if you don't know what a Pineapple Baby is , it's a pineapple that you turn into a baby ) . At the time of writing this post , I'm holding Macadamia in my arm while typing ( I know , I'm a great firs t-t ime mom ! ) Ah yes , life's good ... 
< PROPFIRST > is being a butthead . He just abducted my dear Pineapple Baby , Macadamia , and ate her to compensate for his 2+ servings of fruit that the government is forcing us to eat . What a sad commentary that is ... 
Three signs you live in the woods : 1 . You don't have any paved roads ( check ) , 2 . You just got serviced for high speed internet for the first time in the 30 years of your neighborhood's existence ( check ) , 3 . You just saw a bobcat in your backyard ( and check once again ) ... 
I can't believe I just made over 100 friends in this short little time period of me making a Facebook < PROPFEMALE > until now ... 
My sister just came back from Chipotle and brought me a vegetarian burrito bowl ! If anyone hates 16-year-old drivers , it's definitely not me right now ... 
My dad is now threatening to exclude me in the family Will because I'm not cheering on the Dolphins ( evidently they won just a while ago ) . Gosh darn , how I long to be included in the Will once again ! 
After a Facebook hiatus yesterday , I have a few updates to complete : First , I need to say a late happy anniversary to my\ 
parents who have now been married for 17 years yesterday ! Two , today is Peace Day so I hope you guys are spreading love throughout the cosmos . Three , I finally took a picture of myself and I promised a certain < PROPFIRST > Buckstein that I would dedicate my first profile picture to him , so here it is ... 
I missed a day of school to get my braces off ... which are still on my teeth ! So in order to get my mom's few thousand dollars worth of metal and to have optimally straight teeth , I need to wait nine weeks to see my mouth without a set of railroad tracks on them . November awaits ... 
Call me old fashioned , but I believe that it's perversely wrong when the 2011 College Board College Handbook has twice the number of pages as the Bible and is also double the Bible's physical size ! 
How come the essence of dating brings along so many troubles and heartaches and destruction of friendships ? And I'm single too , that's what really gets me ! I'm not supposed to be dealing with stuff like this ( no offense to anyone in a relationship ! ) ... 
Because I am the most graceful person to ever hold a mechanical pencil , I have now mysteriously found a cut on my leg that has just started bleeding ... 
As I type this at the nearest McDonald's to my house , I have this disappointed feeling within me because people like me who have been let down by Century Link's promises for high-speed internet have been let down once again . Lesson of the day : Never take high-speed internet for granted ! 
Our idolization of materialistic possessions is not a product of society , but rather a symptom of our longing to be cherished . So stop your greed , stop worshiping your fame and fortune , and simply love one another ! Love is all you need ! 
Happy birthday to my Mom , who is 54 years young today ! 
A long cruise on my bike , a beautiful setting sun , a talk with God , minimal homework , and a dinner made with onions organically grown from my backyard all equate to a perfect Thursday ! 
Thank you Google for becoming the search engine of our lives ! < PROPFEMALE > would not be what it is today without you ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
You'd better love the brownies I'm making you ! \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Chi-chi-chi ! Le-le-le ! Los mineros de Chile !!! 
I cannot believe my ears ! My wonderful British neighbors have such a big house and such a large income that they can afford to buy a high-tech home phone that has xylophone-inspired elevator music when I'm put on hold ! I love British neighbors !!! 
So I was watching the news this morning , and apparently < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is going to release his debut album in five days geared towards his younger fans . No offense to Superman but it sounds like a Kidz Bop album . That being said , I think it's safe to say that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > should not quit his basketball gig ... 
I am now going to become a stereotypical , soap-opera obsessive , female couch potato all because of my new-found liking of \Days Of Our Lives . \ " Marvelous ! " 
How I long to be in Key West right now , nibbling on key lime cookies and listening to < PROPFIRST > Buffett while watching the ocean waves roll majestically ! 
Can't wait to watch to World Series ! Go Giants !!! 
My Thursday pretty much went down the drain when my Walkman completely died on me this morning , with no traces of hope left to revive it . Now I must mourn in the death of an obsolete technology which will no longer live to see the daylight ever again ! 
I wish my Pakistani friends would make their own Facebook accounts ... 
Forget going to Celebration to go trick-or-treating ... Publix is where the cool kids go to get their popcorn gloves and pumpkin-shaped sugar cookies ! 
Dear Nose , \ 
You're a nice body part to have ! You've kept me alive for all of these years and we've been together through the thick and the thin air . But when you're congested , it pretty much makes the rest of me sick and under the weather , and I don't like that feeling . So get well soon Nose !!! \ 
Love , \ 
One more day until Toy Story 3 comes out ! I can FINALLY say that I can sob in the comfort of my own home instead of in a movie theater in Roswell , New Mexico ! 
Why am I being consumed by paranoia ? 
It looks like there are some brand new adventures waiting for me to experience ! 
I find very funny ( and yet very sweet ) to be able to chat with my dad on Facebook . It's just nice to see that my dad wants to be up-to-date on my life via the internet ! 
Thank you \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > M . Posephny for reminding me of the importance of November the 5th ( V for Vendetta fans : You know what this means) ! 
I am reminded everyday of how blessed I am to have such amazing friends , ones that run the risk of being called family ... 
I have the strongest urge to go to an < PROPMALE > Magic basketball game right now ... 
Feels frazzled right now ! 
God bless all of the men and women who have fought or are currently fighting in any American war . These brave people do so much for the citizens of our country and are not thanked enough ! 
I truly believe I am becoming a morning person ... 
A disturbance in the Force , I feel ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Haddaway could really use a hug ... 
The Beatles is officially on iTunes . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is officially engaged . Today is turning out to be quite an official day ! 
Thank you , < PROPFIRST > Velez , for soothing my frantic nerves with your words of wisdom and encouragement that you bestow upon me time and time again ! 
A much-needed Thanksgiving break has finally arrived ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had the loveliest Saturday afternoon at the mall with < PROPFEMALE > ... 
The best way to spend a Sunday afternoon is at a Barnes and < PROPMALE > surfing the internet ( high-speed , might I add ) on the comfy carpet in a corner of the kid's section ... 
I love how people love me enough to bedazzle my Wall sixty-nine times ! 
Haddaway is officially braces-free . 
Happy Thanksgiving , ladies and gentlemen ! Beneath all of the fun festivities taking place this time of year , we have so much to be thankful for !!! 
Getting braces off is certainly bittersweet . Example : I love my teeth but I cannot stand my voice with my retainer on ! I sound like the stereotypical nerd in high school who gets their books knocked from their hands and their glasses broken like in the movies ... 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Jansing so much ! She ranks as one of the sweetest sophomores I know , by far ! 
My face is literally frozen into a perpetual smile right now . 
Well this was another interesting day at school ! 
How come Bollywood music causes euphoria ? 
Humans do not realize how precious life is until they have played with their own lives or have been affected by someone else who has . 
Rest in Peace , < PROPFEMALE > Edwards . 
To all of you super-fabulous people out there who are simply amazing , I just wanted to let you know that I love you to death ! 
News spreads fast nowadays ! 
Is 2010 really coming to a close this soon ? 
Life is good . 
How come Disney movies always end up being tearjerkers ? 
So apparently < PROPFIRST > M . Posephny wants to be the flower girl to my wedding . That information alone should be enough to cause mass hysteria . 
Wanderlust has hit me . 
Dear certain person that I will not directly mention , \ 
You have no idea how worried I am about you right now . 
Today is one of those days , I reckon . 
Thank you , Mr. Bicycle , for making my morning on our spectacular quest through lands of beauty . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of you lovely ladies and gentlemen and Happy Birthday , Jesus ! 
This has certainly been the most adrenaline-pumping/ gossip-filled/ overall interesting Christmas I've ever had ! 
I am so incredibly proud of my newly-discovered Italian roots right now , it's not even funny . 
Oh goodness , the nerve of some people ... 
is brushing up on her Urdu . 
Another \first\ " happened today in the life of < PROPFEMALE > Haddaway : I can finally say that I saw a guy get tased today on the median of Sand Lake Rd . near the OBT by three cops . My response to this : I love the ghetto ! " 
On January 1 , 2010 , I was a newly-proclaimed teenager who had no clue what 2010 would offer her . As I type this on December 31 , 2010 in the reflective mood that I'm currently in , I would love to tell that girl back on New Year's Day that this would certainly be the best year in her short existence . Anyway , I just want to thank every single one of you guys for making this a truly amazing year for me . I love you all ! 
So apparently there is a great debate sweeping the nation we call the United States regarding the year 2011 : What are we the collective people of these fifty great states going to call 2011 ? Will it be two thousand eleven , two thousand and eleven , or simply twenty eleven ? Thoughts ? 
Thanks for the amazing night at Amenity , L.e. < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Drummond , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Cudia , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > e , < PROPFEMALE > Dial , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Prevost , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > G ! 
Oh the times , they are a-changin ' . 
And normality resumes ... 
One year ago today , an earthquake hit Haiti and changed the lives of thousands of people around the world . Let us not forget that tragedy and pray for the people affected by that natural disaster . 
Conversation is exhausting . 
Finally , the moment every American has consciously ( or sub-consciously ) waited for : Super Bowl Sunday . I'm so excited for the game , the tailgating food , the hooting and hollering at the TV , and the halftime show ! The only caveat of tonight's big game is the sexist beer commercials that will air at every break . Those , my friends , I can live without . 
To infinity and beyond . 
Egypt's freedom : Priceless . 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . Love never fails . \ 
-- 1 Corinthians 13:4 -8 
Wanting others to find everlasting joy + spreading the Word = Bibles for buddies . 
Why on earth am I up this late ? Oh goodness , I'm breaking the Morning Person Code ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > Kraft and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > François : Just admit that the skit we did in Spanish today was absolutely amazing ! 
< PROPMALE > Jobs is the greatest leader in technology the world has ever seen . 
Nowadays , humility is a luxury . 
Eureka ! 
< PROPFIRST > Hearn , you pretty much made my Sunday afternoon ! 
Curiosity piques mankind's inevitable fascination . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Theory of Evolution is incredulous . 
Please keep the people of Japan in your thoughts and prayers as they rebuild their lives . 
Who is the girl that is now deemed a full-blooded American because she ate her first PB & J sandwich today while babysitting ? This girl right here ! Was it scrumptious ? You betcha . 
Facebook etiquette is spectacular . Too bad it's not as common as it should be . 
The greatest way to celebrate the coming arrival of an AP exam : By having an < PROPFEMALE > Garden bread stick/ Red Lobster cheesy biscuit/ Cinnamon Toast Crunch party in the foreseeable future ! 
President Obama : You are a delightfully grand leader . 
Is it wrong to like the < PROPMALE > Magic AND the LA Lakers ? It stinks to be divided between two great basketball teams that practically despise each other ... 
Isn't it ironic that Florida is nicknamed the \Sunshine State\ " and is also known as the \ " Lightning Capital of the World ? \"" 
