HAPPY NEW YEAR ALL ! Hope everyone had a wonderful time last year and are happy to be apart of this year and all that it brings !! 

Hearts are not to be had as a gift , hearts are to be earned . -- W.B. Yeats 
Life is full of possibilities . Have you stepped up to your next level ? What you fail to pass successfully in this life you will be doomed to repeat in the next life and so on until you get it right . How many more times do you want to repeat the same si 
The little ups and downs in life keeps things interesting . 
we are unable to move forward until we cut loose from the past . Transformation of the self comes in stages . Lletting go of past connections , propels us forward . ( past connections that are not good for us ) 
What a wonderful day to wash the car ! Hot , humid but very < PROPFEMALE > ! Now if the boys would just get motivated to do something ! Summer vacation and they think it is all about them and their friends . LOL ... how the realization will change ... lol 
Happy Dark < PROPFEMALE > to those that are awaken . Go in peace I pray thee . Blessed be . 
It is a wonderful day ! Celebrate life ! 
Enjoying the summer days and the cool relaxing evenings of this time of year . Little bit weighed in at 24lbs yesterday and is 31 inches long . She is so much like her daddy . Such a joy to have around . 
Happy 4th everyone ! Glad it is the weekend . Today should bring about a nice < PROPFEMALE > day with rest and closeness of friends and family . Freedom isn't free . Some must give all so that others can just give . Remember our troops and the remembrance of those 
When you come into realization . Realization runs deep . 
When you open your mind to what is really there , you see how endless the possibilities are . 
I am wondering why I ever agreed to be a mother .... ugh 
When life seems in order , you know that wrench will come flying . Just be prepared1 ;) 
Enjoying the early mornings on the back steps with a cup of coffee . Ahh and the silence before everyone wakes up . Silence is wonderful sometimes !! 
The joy of the sound of little hands and feet as they crawl into where I am . Good morning my something more ! What a wonderful moment when I hug her and understand once more that mother hood is the ultimate gift in this life ! 
Up at 545 this am . Trying to get in a routine before school starts . Love how quiet the world is early in the morning . Ahhhh ..... Just me and GOD at that time . Listening to the birds start to stir , watching the frogs look for their shade for the day , en 
Sabbath at last ! Ahhh ... Nice over cast day . Mornings are my favorite times of the day . Hope you all have a wonderful weekend ! 
The darkest storm brings the brightest rainbow . Hold on , this too shall pass . 
Isn't it interesting how the kids look like angels when they are asleep , and then when they awake there true nature comes out ? LOL I guess we are all like that too . < PROPFEMALE > is the only one in this family that likes raisins . Gross ! But I guess that is 
Good morning world ! Wonderful new day ! Celebrate life ! Celebrate your uniqueness in this life . Celebrate all the blessings you have received . Be grateful . Love you all !!! 
here . I am in you and you are in Me . I will give you all that you need . Now go and walk through your world in the confidence that I've uniquely equipped you with all you need to impact the lives of those around you forever ! Love , Your < PROPMALE > and your Confidence 
I know the world whispers in your ear that what you possess defines who you are , and what you look like determines your worth . This is a lie , My love . The generations to come will never remember you for the things you accumulate or the efforts you placed in your appearance . In fact , the harder you strive to collect more things and to perfect you image , the more insecure you will be about who you are and why you are 
Continue to strive toward your full potential . Even though we know that we will never reach the fullest of our potential , we take comfort in knowing that in this there are no limits places on how far we can go if we set our minds to it ! _ food for thought(t/v ) 
It is a beautiful day ! Life is abundant , Love is present , truth presides and instinct is apparent . 
When you think you have met the end of the road , look around , there is always another direction . Things are not as they may seem . Step back and take another look , see what you find . 
Second day of class . Parking is unbearable though . All else is good so far . Boys start next week . Things are moving forward a bit at a time . To all out there , keep your head up . The challenges will always be there , but they will not last for ever . Hold on and keep the faith . Love you all ! 
Good morning world !! It is a wonderful new day . A new start . A day to make the better choice in reference to the ones that you may have made in the past . Take a deep breath , lift your < PROPFEMALE > and step out on a new beginning . Yesterday is gone , tomorrow will be here soon enough and today , well today is your day . Your day to be a better , new you ! 
I am wondering deep in my heart of hearts if cutting my heart out would hurt less than loving someone . 
When it comes to love we are all going to be hurt in some form or fashion . But what you do with that hurt , when you love someone , is up to you . You can allow that hurt to grow and fester thus destroying the love completely . Or you can allow that hurt to purify the love you have for that person thus bringing you into an unconditional loving relationship . The choice is yours . 
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be a fish ? Just float around all day . No worries . Aahhhh .... maybe in the next life , but then that means all of you would have to be fish too . Hahahahah 
Sometime we have to make decisions that are best for all involved , not just for ourselves . 
Friends are like a carton of eggs . Every now and then you find one that is cracked . Hahaha ... We have to keep things interesting . So , enjoy ! 
I have a new email address . Contact me there if I am not here . Thanks . The email addy is . energystone@live.com Miss you all !! ciao 
It is a beautiful morn .... listen to the birds , feel the warmth of the sun , find happiness in a reflective smile ..... 
I want to take this time to say that we do not know when someone we love or care about will be taken from us . In the mist of a disagreement , say I love you . In the mist of pain , longing , suffereing or elation ... say I love you . It may be the last time you see or talk to that person . The words I love you mean you have no regrets of that person being in your life . 
In the midst of the pouring rain there he stood gazing into me . puddles stretched between us expanding the distance already felt within my soul ..... 
bored tonight .... no plans and boys are gone . 
going to walk the dog and have a smoke .... good morning to enjoy just being alone with my thoughts ....... 
Happy Days ...... Hope all is well Happy and Hopeful !! 
I am thinking that a < PROPFEMALE > or Loki took my keys . They are no where to be found !!!! 
Keys have been found !!! < PROPFIRST > had them in his room . The one place we didnt look is where they were !! < PROPFIRST > Kaul 
This morning is like a smile during the storm . Tears of joy spill from the skies as lightening flashes and the sun rays extend to us .... glorious morn !!! Ahhhhh 
Now that everyone else has had their turn at being sick , it seems my time has come . Atleast tomorrow is the last day of classes this semester . Lol .... now to enjoy the merriment of Christmas !! 
As of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP 
What the Catepiller perceives as the end , the Butterfly sees as the beginning 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas To all !! Hope all of you get what you want this season and to those that only get the lumps of coal , well atleast you will keep warm , ;) 
Went out by myself lastnight ( first time for me ) , made some new friends , danced like no one was watching , sang like no one was listening and , laughed from the heart . I ended 2010 happy . And now the new year has begun on the right note . No hesitations , no doubts just love of life and the people in it . Happy New Year Everyone !! 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . Wonder if i have 20 , or more , brave friends who will participate !? 
When life gives you chocolate , enjoy it . When life gives you a lemon , eat it and enjoy the difference ! 
Back in class again . Think this time around is going to be a bit more expressive as far as writing goes . Lookin forward to it . 
Beautiful Morning ! Hope you all have a wonderful day . Cherrio ! 
Silence is < PROPFEMALE > and really seems to teach the lessons that one so dearly deserves while teaching the one being silent the power of its words !! 
Don't ask , don't say . Everything lies in silence . Post my fortune cookie to my profile ! 
Without change one cannot grow . Without growth one cannot be happy . Change = Happiness 
Ahhh Snow !! It has finally arrived ! Love it love it love it ! 
If the lie is the truth and the truth a lie , then one should believe their gut instint ! 
sometimes growing feels like a seed breaking ground . And then there are times when one can appreciate the elements around us and be grateful for how far we have come . 
When the time comes , you will know it . Let go and know that it is okay to be yourself . We are not here to please everyone , only one . 
Love . supposedly a profound noun . Has it lost its meaning through the ages ? I say yes . What do you say ? 
Ha ha ha .... laughing is the best medicine . Ha ha ha ha ha 
The definition of the word education is : a way out of 
Thinking about going out tonight . Does anyone here play pool ? 
Research paper is turned in and now to prepare for the presentation tomorrow ! So glad it is done . Pretty happy with the way it turned out . Hope all of you are having a wonderful day today . Love you all ! 
Goodmorning all ! Do you ever notice how when people know you , they actually learn how to take advantage of you ? Its interesting how when a person is strong , that there are people who will attach themselves to that person . LOL ..... Time to de-tick myself !!! Have a good one !! 
Beautiful morning here !! Love the rain ;) Ahh coffee and a smile . Nice . 
Kindenss is the oil that takes the friction out of life . 
Your heart is pure , and your mind clear , and your soul devout . this is my fortune cookie for today ... yah ! 
Took CHM and Psych test today . B in Psych , have to wait until Monday for Chemestry results . Have a wonderful weekend all ! 
Its a beautiful day out ! ( deep sigh .. Ahhhh ) Time for a good cup of coffee on the back porch with a long convo with GOD . Have a wonderful day ! 
There is life , and then there is Life . 
On Vacation and so enjoying the time away from the daily routine . Ahhhh !!! Now will be looking forward to Tuesday(No kids !!! -yah ! ) 
Back to life ; back to reality LOL 
In the movie The Four Feathers , < PROPMALE > Faversham left England to search for his friends in the Sudan . < PROPMALE > got lost and was near death . Then , he was rescued by an African , who cared for him . Stunned by the man's kindness to a stranger , < PROPMALE > asked why his new friend had saved him . Fatma's respons ... e was direct : \God put you in my way ! \ " How will we respond to those God chooses to put in our way ? " 
They say a true friend can go long periods of\ 
time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types\ 
of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how\ 
long it has been or how far away they live ... REPOST \if\ " You are lucky\ 
I guess that in the end ALL AMERICANS are Murderers because this country was built on the blood of innnocents . I am not Anti-American . I am just seeing that the soldier that asked the question sees through the propoganda that is used to motivate troops . A life is a life rather it is in this country or in another . 
After much thought this is what I have to say . There is no difference in where or what the motivation . A life is a life . So , are all soldiers who have participated in war murderers ? There is no one situation better than the other . And for those that go to war and do not kiill someone they are there so they too are just as responsible . 
PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! Go to the top right of your screen , \ 
click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and \ 
click Phonebook . Everyone's phone#'s are now being published . Please \ 
repost to let your friends know this is happening 
. And weather pagan or no , this affects each of us directly . We must as people of faith , rather solitaire or coven stand together and stop this . We stand together for a religious freedom for our children tomorrow , or we all lose the old ways and our children and future priests and priestesses will be denied the connection with the Divine . 
And to those of you whom are of a different faith than Christian , I know what you are thinking . Look at it this way . If this law is passed then our hopes of religious freedom is also at stake . Now rather you worship the Lord < PROPMALE > , the Horned GOD or The Goddess , we must be reminded that all GODs are the same GOD . No matter what form we worship , it is still to an Ein Sof . The beginning of everything 
. They got 287,000 signatures to back their stand ! If this attempt issuccessful , all Sabbath & Sunday worship services being broadcast on the radio or by television will be stopped .. This group is also campaigning to remove all Christmas programs and Christmas carols from public schools ! You , as a Christian , can help ! 
, including < PROPFIRST > Osteen , < PROPFEMALE > Meyer , < PROPFIRST > Stanley , David < PROPMALE > and other pastors from the airwaves . An organization has been granted a Federal Hearing on the same subjectby the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) in Washington , D . C . Their petition , Number 2493 , would ultimately pave the way to stop thereading of the gospel of our Lord and Savior , on the airwaves of < PROPFEMALE > 
Pastors Removal from TelevisionRemoval of 20 
< PROPFIRST > MooreM ) 843-557-4249F ) 843-278-9237E ) jmoore84@sc.rr.com 
THIS MUST STOP ! We must change the direction of our government in November with our vote . They have a right to believe whatever they want , BUT they DO NOT have a right to INFRINGE on our rights to do what we want . The time of our government imposing socialist law and regulations on us must stop in November . GET OUT THE VOTE !!!! Thanks 
You find beauty in ordinary things , do not lose this ability 
Believing a lie does not make it true anymore than disbelieving a truth makes it a lie ... 
< PROPFIRST > Casalaspro wrote : The beauty of a woman isn't in the clothes she wears . The figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair . The beauty of a woman is seen in her eyes , because that's the doorway to her heart , the place where love resides . The true beauty of a woman , is reflected by her soul . It's the caring that she gives and the passion that she shows . And the beauty of a woman , with passing years , only grows 
A friend asks only for your time , not your money . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate 27 are all Marines that gave their ... lives thisweek with no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting this . 
? • ???????????? • ? · ? If there is a person on Facebook who makes your world better just because they exist ... post this on their wall .? · ? • ???????????? • ? · ? 
< PROPFIRST > Casalaspro Wrote :\ While\ 
< PROPFIRST > Casalaspro Wrote :\ Women are like teabags . We don't know there true strength until we are in hot water ! \"" 
If you have a brother who has made you laugh ... stuck up for \ 
you ... drove you crazy ... hugged you ... watched you succeed ... saw \ 
you fall ... picked you back up ... cheered you on ... made you strong ... \ 
can't do without ... Copy and paste this into your status ..... ( To my Brothers 
The interesting thing about those forks in the road is that they still seem to lead you right where you need to be . One direction just seems to be easier than the other . Doesn't mean you are going in a different direction in the end . Call it the humorous side of the Universe . 
Arise and arise again until lambs become lions ...... wow if that doesnt just say it all . 
Happiness is not about what you have , what you do , or whom you are with . Happiness is about being who you truely are and loving yourself for it . 
Please \ 
put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish \ 
for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease \ 
nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but \ 
ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 
It is easier to give a cup of rice to relieve hunger than to relieve the loneliness and pain of someone unloved in our own home . Bring love into your home for this is where our love for each other must start . -- Mother < PROPFEMALE > -- 
Sometimes , the most fearsome person to face is ourselves ..... 
We may run from our past , but some how we keep find ourself . 
I made a post about loving a person whom is gay or lesbian . Just received a comment on it . Please feel free to join the discussion . Many of you out there have some sort of belief system . Does that belief promote hate ? Seriously people !! 
Japheth Bohannon Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still ... fighting it 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is an honor , and there are too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste ...... this as your status if you are a Veteran or thankful for your < PROPFEMALE > n Veterans and people in service . 
When you try to be happy for someone and they keep hurting you , how is it possible to turn the other cheek ? Times like these I really want to hate them for all of it . 
baby if you were one in a million that would mean there are six thosand people just like you 
You know I think I might have the plague or something . Everytime I send a chat with others that are online I get silence . Wow ... \Bring out your dead ! \"" 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY four words , what would you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , you have to copy and paste this into your status . Be fair , play along ) . 
Click on the following . Depression vs Smoking 
Best breakfast ever was Mcdonalds with a new friend .... Hahaha 
Goodnight world ! Pleasant dreams to all and to those that haunt the nights , take a vacation ! 
I am so ready to throw in the towel and just let the bottle consume me . 
Had a message on my phone lastnight from the NRA and their choice or support in the up coming elections . I said to myself , maybe I should join the NRA . It is all about our rights , right and those seem to be taken over by the damned liberals . 
when the days are long and the past haunts you just remember how far you have come . 
what you think is important is irrelavant to the relavance of what is important . 
Took the kids and went to a get together for All Hallows < PROPFEMALE > . Beautiful starry night , wonderful fire , blue lotus wine , hooka , friends , good food , laughter and sharing of stories and singing of pagan songs . Wonderful evening . Wonderful evening to all !!! 
Today was a beautiful crisp autumn day . Full of laughter and sharing . 
Sometimes in order to get closer to something/one you have to walk away from it/them . 
Does anyone have any experience with EMDR ? Would you be willing to share your experiences with the EMDR with me ? Looking for informative information that is personal and not just from a website . Thanks . 
What are you going to do when you come face to face with your fear ? Face your demons or run and have them < PROPMALE > you down ? 
Went outside this morning for my morning smoke with coffee , and the world was eerily silent . Not a sound and it was after eight . Felt like I was the only person left on this earth , but then I remembered I wouldnt be that damned lucky . LOL 
does anyone want two teenagers and a two year old for the weekend ? Its going to be one of the loooooong weekends I can see . sigh :/ 
Every road you take you will eventually have to come back from . 
I've carried children within my body . I've slept with babies on my chest . I have kissed boo boos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , &\ 
spent sleepless nights in a rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any \ 
other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the \ 
mirror ~ I see a mom , and there is no greater honor or blessing ... Make this your status if you're proud to be a mom , I am !!? 
Its interesting how people from your past mysteriously appear out of the blue . 
watched the movie Dark Water lastnight . I would advise anyone to watch if you like a good suspense movie .... I give it a two thumbs up . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , what name brand you wear , if your house is a mess , where you live , about your past , or if your family is filled with Crazies , they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking , but never question the friendship . Re-post this if you have at least one true friend , they will know who they are ! :) 
Wave goodbye to the past , youve got your own life to lead 
Face reality ! It's not about what you want , but what you get . 
It was a beautiful Full < PROPFEMALE > lastnight ! I always find it so amazing how the Universe works . How the < PROPFEMALE > phases and how the circle of life keeps going . The sad part is that time doesn't stop when we are in the trenches of life . If you are in the trenches , look up , you are being taken care of . Everything is for a time and a season . < PROPFEMALE > in there ! for this too shall pass and when it does , you will be stronger for it ! 
Going to take some much needed me time . Talk to all of you when everything calms down .... And by the way Happy Thanksgiving !!! ;) 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze\ 
pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider \ 
cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country ? While \ 
you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people who \ 
risk their lives don't get an .. increase in pay , why would we continue \ 
.. raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Repost if\ 
you agree 
Being a parent is the most rewarding , as well as the most trying position anyone can hold . 
I see crazy people . Wait ... never-mind , false alarm . It was just my reflection . 
God allows everything to happen for a reason . Circumstances will either direct you , correct you , or perfect you . 
Congrats to my ex-husband < PROPMALE > and his new fiance < PROPFIRST > !! Here's wishing both of you many years ahead ! .. clink clink .. 
A ship cannot sail with its anchor in the water ! Let go of the past so you can sail towards your future ! 
Beautifully misunderstood , misread and simply taken for granted . Beauty is only skin deep as they say . You must look within to find who i truly am ! 
I tried dancing like no one was watching but someone was watching and mistaked my dance for a seizure and called the ambulance ! 
has always suffered from multiple personalities , we all finally got together & tied up the annoying NICE one that always thought IT should call the shots . 
is wondering how to get back to their own planet ... 
Jingle bells , Santa smells a hundred < PROPMALE > away-blows their nose in cheerios and eats them all the way , hey ! 
Its not the wind that keeps our Country's flag waving , but the last breath's of those who died fighting to keep it flying high 
You can not change your past , but you do not have to let it define your future . 
The ability to speak doesn't make you intelligent ~ < PROPFEMALE > Wars 
Always be yourself , cause the ones that matter don't mind and the ones that mind don't matter . 
U have 10 fish . 5 drown but 3 come back to life . How many fish do you have ? \ 
\ 
Stop counting smart one ! \ 
Fish cant drown ! DUH ! 
It's more fun to act like a kid then to be a kid . Go to Wal-mart and stick plungers to the floor then watch little kids try to pick them up ... LOL . 
Do you ever look at some people and wonder \Who peed in that < PROPFIRST > pool \"?" 
Why do we spend so much time looking for intelligent life on other planets ? I'd be happy to find intelligent life here on Earth first . 
The more you try to insist that I give you what you want , the more I question your intentions . 
Remember that GOD looks at the intentions of the heart rather than the actions of the hand . 
W = Wise I = Intelligent T = Thoughtful C = Cunning H = Honor 
My job is to protect what matters most !!! My Kids !! 
CONFESSIONTIME !! ( Inbox ONLY ) .... 2O1O is almost over . Confess something you've always wanted to tell me :) Put this as your status . You might be surprised 
The homeless go without eating . The elderly go without medicine . The mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them . Yet we give billions in tax breaks to the wealthiest 2% of Americans -- those who need it least . Only 1% of Facebook users ... will re-post this message . I am in that 1% -- what about you 
Dear Lord , please take care of my bathroom scale and keep it safe because I swear if those < PROPFIRST > don't start going down I am taking a sledge hammer to it ! Amen 
Morning is nature's way of saying : HA , HA , now you have to do it all over again ... Sucker !!! 
went to Wal-Mart today and hid in the clothes rack and when someone came and opened it , said \Welcome to Narnia \"" 
My kitchen looks like an alchemists lab !! water bubbling , wax melting , candles cooling , plaster mixing being poured and setting . Love the sound of it all ;) 
Wondering if it is easier to believe what you see or to accept what you hear ? 
Is at the other end of the tunnel !! Its so bright I have to wear shades ! The essence of a new world that is opening and the past that is closing is a wonderfully embracing moment in the arms of GOD . All of those who are still making your way through the tunnel , < PROPFEMALE > on and keep walking . It is SO worth it ! Love you :) 
Happy yule ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Happy Holidays ! May love and peace surround all of you in the Spirit of Christmas and keep you throughout the new year !! Its the Spirit that needs to fill each of us each morning as we open our eyes and allow us to see the world through the eyes of a child again . I believe !! Im not to old to admit that I still believe !! :) 
I don't understand how anyone can walk out on a child , put their hands on a child and hurt them , or look their child in the eye and tell them that they love them , then chose someone else over them . Children have enough troubles to face in this world alone , so why do people who consider themselves to be adults add to it ? Any one have any answers ? Its about time someone SAVES THE CHILDREN !! 
Although I embarrass you , give you rules to follow , say NO more than I say yes ... I will always be here for you , protect you & Love you w/ every breath I take . 
So the boys were up a few times during the night with their new puppy . I got up once and checked on them then went back to bed and snuggled with < PROPFEMALE > . Its so nice to see the kids being responsible and losing sleep over it .... lol . 
I swear the Zobie virus has been engaged here where I live . Everyone is walking around in this stoned look and I am like \what the hell happened ? \ " IS this going on anywhere else ? ANd no I do not speak zombie ! lol " 
Homw with baby girl and the puppy . Still dont have a name for him . I like < PROPMALE > but I am thinking maybe the name Berlin ? Hmm ... not sure . He is a mix though not sure of what . 
Well I guess I wasnt suppose to go out today . Went up to pay the rent and rolled my ankle while holding < PROPFEMALE > . WOW what a day !! Hahahah all is well though ... just swollen and hurts alot . Guess i wont be going anywhere any time soon .... lol 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along 
what would you do if i cried in front of you ? 
It is cold and snowing here ! Nice to know that we are getting snow for a change . It really is beautiful almoset like watching the buding of a flower or the birth of a child . Only GOD could make something so pure yet inspirational at the same time . 
Sometimes being a bitch is all a woman has to hold on to ...... from the movie < PROPFEMALE > Clayborn with < PROPFEMALE > Bates . And I would have to agree with the statement because when all has been taken from you , your need to survive takes over and a woman is a woman in the end . 
How we survive is what makes us who we are 
Memories can last a lifetime , but sometimes the people in the memories fade . Can you think of 1 memory we have shared . 
okay it is time for the cabin fever to go outside and freeze itself !! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions 
Having conviction in your ideas gives you a strength that no one else can match . ( leo ) 
what is obvious is not the whole truth 
So let me get this straight . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is on his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE ; yet the idea of SAME-SEX marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ?? Re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL !! 
So there you are , holding me as I cry , telling me it'll be alright . You say you care and that you are here to listen , what am I to think if your heart is missin ? The sparks begin and the electricities rise as we gaze into each others eyes . You felt it same as me , no denying what has been from eternity . 
Some V-Day here ... Get a call from school my son is sick , a two year old who is acting out , Somewhat sincere convo with a friend while im in tears , my battery dies on the car while at the school to pick my son , oh yeah come home and the dogs have there present for me on the Living room carpet !! Hahaha Murphy today is not your day ..... 
Your car is < PROPMALE > . Your vodka is Russian . Your pizza is Italian . Your kebab is Turkish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your movies are American . Your tea is Tamil . Your shirt is Indian . Your oil is Saudi Arabian . Your electronics are Chinese . Your < PROPFIRST > Arabic , your letters Latin . And you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant ? Pull yourself together . Copy if you're against racism . 
