Has been studying Prepware all day for the FAA Powerplant test , mentally tired ; getting some z's! 

is glad he got a 83 on his prepware on the powerplant test , I now think I am ready to pay the 95 bucks and take it for real ! 
Took his makeup test today and only needs to pay off his hours , save 95 bucks for the FAA powerplant written test all the while studying his 8000 series book then on the the Oral and Practical test with the Designated Mechanic Examiner , thus I will be a P mechanic ; getting the A rating later after the General test . 
is digging the new Incubus album Monuments and Melodies 
thanks all who prayed for me in the test i took today and passed with a 85 , a test of 100 questions out of a 1000 question pool of info on engines . I now have to do the same with the general written and then I move on to O & P's for the powerplant license 
is studying for his general test . 
is going to work out at you fit health clubs in largo for 10 $ a month 
is in the process of imformativly writting his resume ' for aviation employers , companies like Cessna , Boeing , Gulfstream , Hawker Beechcraft , etc . I also ask for prayer regarding studying for the general FAA written test and the Oral and practical test . Thanks to all who take this to heart . 
has finished his resume ' for an aviation career ! 
just got done watching < PROPMALE > Beck and says that Christians need to follow the biblical mandate to pray for their leaders so we may live a quiet and peaceful life . I was reading a column by a former Nazi and Hitler Youth by the name of Hilmar < PROPMALE > Campe regarding the state of Germany in the 1930's and the state of < PROPFEMALE > as of now and the pararells between the two as well as what Hitler did and what Obama is now doing . 
is deeply enjoying reading Heaven by < PROPFIRST > Alcorn . :) 
read 95 percent of the Manhattan Declaration and has signed his name to the 24,753 signatures since < PROPMALE > Colson and many Orthodox , Catholic and Evangelical with him appeared on Tv yesterday . Check it out manhattandeclaration.org 
enjoys the rain , thinks it'll be a soothing sound to drift him into sleep . 
when I point to my sin , the Holy Spirit Who does not speak on His ' own authority but speaks Jesus's words to me points to the Cross . 
hittin ' the sack and gonna take the general FAA written test tomorrow and then go see Avatar ! 
passed the FAA General written with an 87 ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and a happy new year ! 
wants to recommend the documentary called the Bethlehem < PROPFEMALE > , very informative ! 
is studying for his FCC Element 1 test 
read an article in < PROPMALE > My < PROPFEMALE > magazine's most reccent publication that the nations that are part of the G-20 summit are expected to be reduced to 10 nations and thus ten rulers or horns by the year 2012 ultimately giving rise to the 11th horn/ruler also known as the little horn of < PROPFIRST > chapter 9 ; who will displace 3 in his ' acension to power . 
is planning on taking his FCC Element 1 test on Monday 
This status is being tracked , the owners of Facebook have confirmed that they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and pasted as a status . You only have to leave it for a minimum of one hour . Let's all do our bit to help . 
Incriminated by the Law , freed by the death and raising of Jesus by God 
passed his FCC Element 1 test with a 96 and is now sending it off in the mail and then studying scripture passages on Heaven 
had a most enjoyable lunch at the new chinese joint next to publix at Tri-city plaza , I started with pizza/mac and cheese then two oriental dishes and get this finished with of all things ...................... jellow ! 
is going swing dancing lessons tomorrow :) 
is looking forward to the florida state fair this friday 
is reading The Koran Unveiled : A comparison of the Qur'an and the Bible 
finds it interesting how already he is seeing that the Bible is superior to the Koran . The Koran has as it's proof of truthfulness the mere intelligence of the argument which is circular reasoning . Also in contridiction , in surah 2:106 Allah states that he is either replacing or abrogating parts of the older biblical revelation with a \better one \"" 
is planning on going to a HUGE aviation conference in < PROPMALE > on the 27th . 
is proud of his sister for her persistance to her bachelor's degree and for writing about < PROPMALE > in 55 degrees . 
just learned that the difference between a \moderate muslim\ " and a \ " radical muslim\ " is that the first belives a Caliph can only declare a state of jihad and the latter is not waiting . " 
However the Muslim world is reported to be in rising anticipation of the 12th Immam who according to the Qur'an is to make war(jihad ) against christians . Ironicly to compare the 12th Immam and the Anti-Christ(The Beast ) you find stark parallels ...... scary . 
Biblical inspiration vs . demonic dictation . 
Iran appears to be the head and perceived manifestation of this anticipation which drives their foreign policy and nuclear development because the government is full of 12'ers 
Mosab(Green < PROPMALE > ) is to appear on Hannity tonight at 9 eastern time . Be there ! 
wishes a happy b day to his sister , the BIG 27 ! 
is stuffed and lathargicly tired :( 
visited the < PROPFEMALE > wars force unleashed 2 website and got < PROPFEMALE > tled by Vadar's spontaneous breathing ! 
is glad he has four months left of school because he is sooooo over it !!!!!!!! 
feels burnt out . :( 
is not liking today at all ! 
feels pent up , frustrated . 
has a slight raccoon sunburn after sun n fun yesterday and after mowing the yard today . 
hence he wore glasses 
. 
has found mp3s for the oral and practical test so he can work on airplane engines . 
heard an amazing sermon on the Beema Seat of Christ from < PROPMALE > Briscoe , recommends it to all who read this status . 
He who is to be first in the kingdom of Heaven must be servant to all . 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding :) 
Hey < PROPFIRST > , thanks for the heads up and I pray < PROPFIRST>'s mom has a quick and successful surgery and a quick recovery . Have a gtreat rest of the week and weekend :) 
urges people to sign the petition opposing the 13 story mosque to be built at ground zero in New York by the President of Malaysia and any attempt to implement shariah law , border security personnel are finding prayer rugs and jihadist slogans urging jihad against people as they pour through the border from california to texas . Visit actforamerica.com 
is pumped about the new xbox slim ! 
sighs at his ' idolatrous nature to put Me above Jesus Christ and every one else . To see just how much I don't love God with all my heart , soul , mind and strength . Thank Jesus who endured the cross for the joy set before Him of the resurrection on the third day yet to come . :) 
misses Ms. < PROPFIRST > C . Petersen . 
looks foward to the resurrection ! 
is glad that obeying God and enjoying Him are not at odds , not ends but the chief end of man ; they are one and the same 
now i can move back to the joy of my salvation 
Is finished with school and glad 
Is done with school 
looking forward to Creator Lake . 
has officially ordered 1,315 dollars and 89 cents worth of aviation maintenence tools . so pumped ! Lets do this ! 
Only needs a multimeter and extendable ratchet 
read an article from ACT ! For < PROPFEMALE > that reports the Metropolitan Transit Authority banning SIOA from running a \preservation of ground zero\ " bus campaign opposing the ground zero mosque . Also stated is that NYC Mayor < PROPFIRST > Bloomberg has done away with his term limit allowing him to stay in office as long as he wants and that he is implementing Islamic Shariah blasphemy laws in the public market place in NYC . " 
encourages people to sign the petition opposing the ground zero mosque at actforamerica.com 
urges people to watch fox news special about the honor killing of the two girls killed by their muslim father by riddling them with bullets because they were \too western \"." 
two more days till Oregon and Crater Lake . 
anyone in need of a three foot breaker bar ? 
greetings to all from Oregon ! photos coming soon . 
has had a crazy vacation : I've been 80 to 90 feet under ground for close to two hours in a lava tube , come within a mile of a < PROPMALE > fire , hiked two < PROPMALE > around a lake , hiked two < PROPMALE > up a semi snowy mountain and navigated a great many urban jungles with the fam . 
is coming back to his beloved mom , sister and dad in one day ! 
is glad to get the opportunity to go to Yellowstone next summer and hopefully I won't meet < PROPMALE > Frost from 2012 
anyone know where i can find info on where supreme court justices and district court of appeals judges stand on the economy , national security , securing our borders against the drug cartels , etc ? 
has scheduled his powerplant oral and practical test today and also learned just how influential sin is , that too much of anything can become a bad thing . 
is watching a special on the shroud of Turin : in 2007 scientists did a DNA test of blood from the head covering and found that the man from whom it came has no Y chromizone but only Mitocondrial DNA meaning that there was no literal father who contributed to his physical existence as far as His ' genome is concerned and yet Jesus was virgin born fulfilling < PROPMALE > 9:6 . 
october 20th is the day I take my test ! 
broke as a joke 
has a case of the post nasle drip/sore throat . :( 
no more sore throat and sinus headache/pressure :) Thanks mucinex ! 
and his mom nearly plowed into a trailer on I-275 after it came off a truck going 70 mph , started fishtailing then smashed into the guard wall on the right with so much force it turned around and floored into the other guard wall on the left nearly causing two < PROPFIRST > pileup ! 
it was AWESOME ! 
tomorrow is the big day ! Then I want to start looking at working for a repair station rebuilding engines both reciprocating and turbine . 
How can we set our hearts on Heaven when we have an impoverished theology of Heaven ? - < PROPFIRST > Alcorn 
Satan need not convince us that Heaven doesn't exist , he need only convince us that Heaven is a place of boring , unearthly existence . If we believe that lie we'll be robbed of our joy and anticipation , we'll set our minds on this life and not the next ; and we won't be motivated to share our faith . - < PROPFIRST > Alcorn 
“how good is a timely word ! ”- Proverbs 15:23 
despite two setbacks over the last two weeks I am finally taking my test tomorrow ! 
can feel the fat from the Mc ' Donalds i ate blocking my liver and aorta . :( 
people ask how God can be good when there is so much evil in the world , behold there Jesus hangs and bleeds enduring the horror of being separated from His ' Father , there He is - < PROPMALE > washing His ' disciples feet , there He is weeping with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , there He is weeping over < PROPFIRST>'s death ; there He is promising \I am with you always even to the end of the world \"" 
is stoked about the skyline movie , looks freaking awesome ! 
once heard a stunt man who flat lined three times say this \It is easy to die but hard to live \"" 
aliens from skyline are so cool , they're like the aliens from the latest mass effect : the collectors except supersized 
He is there : ready and willing to forgive us if we will just agree with Him about ourselves . 
wishes to ask for prayer for the Christians in Nigeria who were shot or wounded with machetees after their homes were set on fire by Islamists . 
Also for those muslims who persecuted them as Jesus tells us to pray for our enemies that He may reach them too as He did < PROPMALE > of Tarsus . 
skyline was depressing , horrible acting and story line . Everybody gets decapitated and gets their brains eaten , in short the humanity is anihilated . 
Can't believe his eyes , they actually now have a transformer coffee maker ! That turns itself on and off , changes filters , adds coffee grounds and water ! 
I think it's Japenese ! 
Cousins are the first friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately ...... Repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world ! \ 
And I have THE BEST cousins ever !!!!!! 
Thank you to all who attended the graduation last night ! 
heading to North < PROPFEMALE > tmrw , can't wait . 
enjoying a white christmas 
Highly recommends everyone watch the documentary End Game by < PROPFIRST > Jones . 
Take this great power away from the bankers and all the great fortunes like mine will disappear , and they ought to disappear , for this would be a better and happier world to live in . But if you want to continue the slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery , let them continue to create money and to control credit . \\ 
after watching end game by < PROPFIRST > Jones I am no longer going to vote , because the elected officials are not calling the shots , the rockafellers and the international bankers/Federal Reserve are and they have the money ; it's all about money ! 
I say that the federal reserve be shut down , who's with me ? 
the presidency is nothing more than theater , look not at the pawns but look at the kings of our economic downfall namely the federal reserve and Bildiberg Group . 
I urge all to research the crimes of the Bildiberg Group , the Blackbarons , and the Federal Reserve . Learn from Russia between the years 1925 and 1940 and from the Reign of < PROPFEMALE > Sae Tung Leader of < PROPFEMALE > . 
You are the answer , stand with freedom lovers everywhere ; learn from history . 
retake of powerplant license test tomorrow at 12 noon . 
< PROPFEMALE > , Russia , the Gulf Arab countries , Japan and < PROPFEMALE > have joined in a meeting the US was not invited to , a meeting about no longer having their oil priced in US dollars , the day after a Chinese spokesman said this to the press < PROPFIRST > Geither came out and denied it , US press stayed silent . < PROPFEMALE > is getting rid of the US debt as fast as possible without trashing their own economy . It can and will happen here ! 
just bought 2 grams of gold from APMEX.com! End of the dollar insurance policy . 
so manager calls me into the office today to give me pendant for being there for over five years , glad they acknowledged my existance ; hopefully pendant is 100 % gold and I can then melt it into a globule and get moochoo for it ! 
just heard a humorous heavy metal rendition of The Three Little Pigs on 97.9 (98 Rock ) . 
plans on getting a xbox 360 slim with a kinect and a 52 inch tv for pennies on the dollar at bigdeal.com 
Can't wait to get his car back after PSTA bus peeled front end off like a can of sardines . 
so stoked about Battlefield : Los < PROPFEMALE > 
they finally started working on my car and are going to be reimbursed by PSTA . 
eating a heavy meal of meat and potatoes as I go through Suffering and God's Sovereignty By < PROPFEMALE > . 
The essence of grace is that God is not required to give it to us . If you ever feel like God owes it to you , let a light go off in your mind that reminds you that you have just mixed up grace and justice . The hand of God holds us over the pit of hell . And you can't give any reason for God to not drop you into that pit . 
I've been asked every conceivable theological question except , \Why did God save me ? \ " We all harbor the idea that we deserve it . We think that heaven just wouldn't be heaven without us . This is the greatest lie in the history of the world . " 
excerpts from DesiringGod.org 
took test today and passed 19 out of 20 oral sections and all but two of practical sections for my powerplant license today . Plan on Lord willing getting back in this week and knocking the rest out . Then get lead to the right career . 
Perhaps a repair station overhauling engines both reciprocating and turbine ! 
“In searching for a new enemy to unite us , we came up with the idea that pollution , the threat of global warming , water shortages , famine and the like would fit the bill . ”\ 
- Club of Rome , The First Global Revolution 
“We need to get some broad based support , to capture the public’s imagination So we have to offer up scary scenarios , make simplified , dramatic statements and make little mention of any doubts Each of us has to decide what the right balance is between being effective and being honest . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Schneider , < PROPMALE > Professor of Climatology , lead author of many IPCC reports 
“Unless we announce disasters no one will listen . ”\ 
- Sir < PROPFIRST > Houghton , first chairman of IPCC 
“It doesn’t matter what is true , it only matters what people believe is true . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Watson , co-founder of Greenpeace 
went online and searched 350,000 poeple dead every day and found this website among others that state these quotes , I for one am shocked by the sheer evil of these statements ! 
He disarmed Satan—and he did it by suffering . \ 
Hebrews 2:14 , 15 - “Since therefore the children share in flesh and blood , he himself likewise partook of the same things , that through death he might destroy the one who has the power of death , that is , the devil , and deliver all those who through fear of death were subject to lifelong slavery . ” 
1st Corinthians 15:55 - “‘O death , where is your victory ? O death , where is your sting ? ’ The sting of death is sin , and the power of sin is the law . But thanks be to God , who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ . ” 
Yellowstone ....... Here I come ! 
is buzz sawing through Heaven is for Real by < PROPMALE > Burpo and whole heartedly recommends it to everyone . 
Got test monday at 12:30 am , wish me well ; hopefully I'll then get a real job ! 
Had fun at O Keefe's , thanks to Kale , Delaney , Amanda , Murr(pardon if i butchered it ) , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for coming . 
almost got bit by black widow spider while surfing web on my couch , that would have REALLY SUCKED ! I showed it who wears the pants around here ! 
< PROPMALE > is now a certified Federal Aviation Administration Power Plant Mechanic ! Oh Yeah ! 
Anyone know of any entry level aviation power plant mechanic jobs ? I need to start making real money ! 
is looking into the Coast Guard and the Air Force . 
request for prayer for leading to where He would have me to overhaul airplane engines . 
had 300 bucks magically appear in my checking and it's not even payday nor do I ever make so much in a week after taxes ! Perhaps the man upstairs is looking my way ! 
filling out application to Cal Pacific Airmotive Inc to restore WWII P-51 Mustangs < PROPMALE > V12 engines and or turbine engines as well . Prayer much appreciated ! 
true freedom comes from the Gospel of Jesus Christ ! 
Where the Spirit of The Lord is , there ........ there is freedom . 
any situation not approved by Christ is enslaving . 
might be moving to < PROPFEMALE > to work on plane engines ! 
needs prayer on engine mechanic job , thanks ! 
selling my xbox 360 slim 250 gig model for 210 dollars , any takers ? 
Thinking on saving up for and building own chopper , anyone know where to get good rust/corrosion free frame for under 500 buckaroonies ? 
