“To an ordinary human being , love means nothing if it does not mean loving some people more than others . ” - < PROPFIRST > Orwell \ 
We should love each other equally , we should be able to hug and kiss each other , for love is our substance and to deny it to one person is to deny it to everyone , including yourself . 

An hour of thinking teaches more than school has to offer . School plagues the free-thinking mind , reduces the imagination to nothingness and forces the child's mind into becoming captivated on the worthless goals of life ; money , worldly lust and worldly gain . It disables the spiritual and individual , and makes them to become contaminate with the filth of the perverse mind , and the scum of the hopeless . 
\Are not all your ideas borrowed from your senses which do not give you the reality but merely its phenomena ? \ " - The Cloud Upon the Sanctuary " 
That which is perceived is not truth , but its phenomena ; truth can only come inwardly from direct communication or revelation by God . From youth we are taught to follow that which can be communicated from the senses , but the senses teach falseness and vanity . Inward is the immortal , and from immortality comes truth . 
Is it not truth that we are composed of love , borne out of love , to continue that love and give it to everything ? The air , the firmament , our souls , the earth , the seas ; all designed for the production of , and continuation of , love . To lack love is to lack All . 
That\ 
which is perceived is not truth , but its phenomena ; truth can only come\ 
inwardly from direct communication or revelation by God . From youth we \ 
are taught to follow that which can be communicated from the senses , but\ 
the senses teach falseness and vanity . Inward is the immortal , and from\ 
immortality comes truth . 
That which we see is only a symbol of the truth ; Man can never understand truth while he looks to the sensuous world for guidance , but he must look inside and without . He must suppress the influence of this world of desires and follow the guidance of the Spirit within himself , connecting him to the truth . 
That which we see , of the material plane , we may comprehend because it affects our sensuous self ; but the physical world is only a symbol of a higher truth that cannot be expressed , nor described , and is thus invisible to Man unless he forsake all his senses and feed on that which is not sensuous but that envelopes Man . 
which we see is only a symbol of the truth ; Man can never understand \ 
truth while he looks to the sensuous world for guidance , but he must \ 
look inside and without . He must suppress the influence of this world of\ 
desires and follow the guidance of the Spirit within himself , \ 
connecting him to the Truth . 
The human body is the outward manifestation of the imperfection of the soul of Man , that , in his own development , he has bestowed upon himself that he might wear it out and place perfection over this imperfection . 
An\ 
hour of thinking teaches more than school has to offer . School plagues \ 
the free-thinking mind , reduces the imagination to nothingness and \ 
forces the child's mind into becoming captivated on the worthless goals \ 
of life ; money , worldly lust and worldly gain . It disables the spiritual\ 
and individual , and makes them to become contaminated with the filth of the perverse mind , and the scum of the hopeless . 
How , if the world were wise , would everyone embrace , and kiss , one another ; but in this current < PROPFEMALE > of time any sort of affection is more openly regarded as sexual and as lust . Love is not just personal , but public , meant for the masses , not for just one individual or limited to one's family . It must be universal , and only when it is may Man truly be wise . 
The spirit of God was given to Man in his sojourn of Earth that while he inhabited corruption he might have within himself incorruption , that when he witnessed evil he might know good , when he suffered he might be comforted . 
Almost time for school , the institution that has governed the corruption of the youth through human error and temporal understanding ; that has forsaken the thought of individual thought , invention , and realization , to coerce Man into living the life that he knows , subconsciously , will never < PROPMALE > him happiness . 
What should be taught in school , but love unconditional ? To embrace and kiss one another , to pray ( for thoughts are indeed actions ) for one another , and to care for one another . It is within love that we may begin to obtain understanding in this world ; though the world were in poverty of itself love would supply , contribute to , and fulfill all needs . What is of love is necessary for life . Nothing else is important . 
Silence is the communicator of all true wisdom . 
School : An institution designed by men to take away the free-thinking ; and to establish a set of principles so children may , by set of development , welcome a world that will never < PROPMALE > them happiness . 
Love is not merely the object of two persons , but of All ; for to deny love to any individual is to deny it to All . When the world understands this it will help to improve itself . We would be better to embrace and kiss every single one of ourselves than to teach , for in love all that is necessary is given , all the words of righteousness and wisdom are developed . 
When Man is to deny love , he denies freedom ; thus , in a loss of love Man becomes submerged in laws showing him how to return back unto that perfect love . Love is lawless , for it is of God ; and God commits no error , therefore does love commit no error and is in perfect freedom . 
When Man is to deny love , he denies freedom ; thus , in a loss of love Man becomes submerged in laws shewing him how to return back unto that perfect love . 
Whenever I do homework I feel all the dumber ; not out of what I lacked in knowledge beforehand , but what little good that time did to learn such temporal things when my mind could wonder and create a more vast area than all could be taught , we must only teach love , for in love we find the truest knowledge and the truest wisdom of All . 
Freedom considers neither right , nor wrong ; as love considers not its personal self but others ' selves . Freedom is not reliant upon law , for to observe freedom is to observe the perfect obedience and innocence of love . 
Follow ye the teachings of Christ and resist not to the work of God ; seek ye anonymity to the world , for the world seeks its own and corrupts those not of it . 
Mine eyes are blind , yet I witness the Truth ; mine ears have been closed up , yet I hear the < PROPFEMALE > . What tongue hath heard the true interpretation of the Word of God ; that Word that men loosely translate to fit their own perspectives ? 
How absurd is Truth to the average mind , which cannot comprehend it . We dwell in our desires ; yet , people are more commonly drawn toward self-pity and self-deprivation , following vain things in an attempt to find happiness . 
Therefore take no thought , saying , What shall we eat ? or , What shall we drink ? or , Wherewithal shall we be clothed ? ( For after all these things do the Gentiles seek :) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things . But seek ye first the kingdom of God , and his righteousness ; and all these things shall be added unto you . - < PROPFIRST > 6:31 -33 
Should not the holy die for the wicked ? They who are witness to the light have no need for life , for they have already have ever-lasting life inherited . But they who see in darkness , when they die how shall they accept the light if they have not know the light before but have accepted darkness ? 
Love is the consciousness of the living , and hate the consciousness of the dead . Does not love conquer hate , so how shall one validate the hate in their heart ? Was not the heart made for loving , not for hate ? Weren't we made alive , and should we take away that gift ? 
Unto the world : where we entered into life , born to dissolve of our Heavenly past and to bear the absurdities of Man . To be consumed with the greed and contempt that is passed around to convert each child into a vessel whereupon others may profit and consume more utterly their souls , to reign in lusts . 
Why must we create pride within ourselves , so that we may be another savagery aspect of the world ? Let us long for the time as when we were children , when we knew we would have all our cares met and dwelt in perfect innocence . 
Should we not love each other ? Once taken into the release of love you shall never forget it , it is a memory of once was , and what shall be ; but it is up to you to have it be the present , also . Never forget , try to remember , the total love that brought you life , and why you're here today . 
How much greater would the benefit of school be if we were allowed time to pause and think , instead of constantly worrying and working ; a time to lay down and stare into the sky and imagine , instead of being lectured at . 
Freedom considers neither right , nor wrong ; as love considers not its personal self but others ' selves . Freedom is not reliant upon law , for to observe freedom is to observe the perfect obedience and innocence of love . When Man is to deny love , he denies freedom ; thus , in a loss of love Man becomes submerged in laws showing him how to return back unto that perfect love , and perfect freedom . 
Let us not be consumed by the world , by its hate and its anger , but rather let us relinquish it . Be not of the world , but be of God and embrace all whom you see with the virtues of love . 
All that is necessary for life is love , for in love is everything provided for you ; but the world would have you not know that : for you , being not of this world , are above it , though this is forgotten wisdom . 
It seems more and more that the struggles one faces in school is set , mainly , to desensitize the youth from its previous innocence so that s/he may freely come unto the corruption that awaits mankind after . All in the hopes of learning of useless material that s/he may earn worthless trinkets of Earth's substance . God is banished from the mind and replaced with iniquity . 
Love is given to those who seek , yet few truly seek ; they seek the personal love , but not the Divine . If we are to deny love , we deny our existence . God expresses Himself to Man through the manifestation of love inwardly ; if Man were to feel the total expression of love he would crumble for his body could not manage it . 
Behold , to those who seek love , the gates of Heaven will be opened unto him . As the world doth not promote love , but lust , ye are condemned of the world ; so find ye anonymity to the world , wherein ye may find God and fulfill thy love toward Him . For he who doth love belongeth not to the world , but unto God , for love is righteousness . 
Subdue your heart unto love , and witness freedom ; communicate that love unto all persons that they may , too , be free . We are in bondage when we are bereft of love ; free your self , and embrace love . 
The Truth cannot be represented , \ 
completely , into this world , for Man to perceive something he must use \ 
his senses to discover and describe it . Man , being imperfect , cannot \ 
fully understand perfect things . 
To love , one must reprove another of their wicked behavior . To accept the person of wickedness leads only to the spreading of wickedness ; it is in love that we correct their ignorance and lead them to truth . Love , being nonjudgmental , accepts all , and wishes to show and lead all into salvation and life . He who is of the Earth shall be entombed with it . 
The eye sees , but wherewithal does it sense ? Through the light ; of the Sun . The Sun , and stars , being representatives of God , and His angels . So does the mind's eye have sight , but only through the light of God ; yet , how foreign is the light to Man . We dwell in darkness , and how great is that darkness ! 
Who is to say life is not a dream ? A dream we have while resting on the bosom of our Creator , listening to the lullabies of the angels . We forget not our Father , who , wishing for you to awake , sends Himself to you in that dream to remind you of your home . 
Life is a dream ; our senses the symbols of the Truth : Love , whose fulness cannot be perceive through human thought , is the representative of Truth ; giving memory of God and our own true selves . Though only a biological perception , it shows ( in small degree ) the totality of Truth , and our connection with God . 
Life is merely a dream ; love , its interpreter . 
These things I command you , that ye love one another . If the world hate you , ye know that it hated me before it hated you . If ye were of the world , the world would love his own : but because ye are not of the world , but I have chosen you out of the world , therefore the world hateth you . \ < PROPFIRST > 15:17 -19 " 
Whenever I feel ready to learn or am relaxed and just want to lay back and think and imagine , comes school ; that destroys imaginations , free-thought , and wonder . 
Life is a dream , dreamt by Love ; and who has any excuse to not love : All the scenery , nature , is a symbol of the Most High ; the events orchestrated to demonstrate unyielding love ; would Man open his eyes he would see himself Immortal and Divine , and subject his brethren to undying love , and awake from this dream . 
Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe :\ 
\Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago . \ " \ 
Remember remember the fifth of November/ the Gunpowder , treason and plot/I see no reason why the gunpowder treason/Should ever be forgot 
\Ye have heard that it was said of them of old time 
Of his own conceptions of self shall Man judge others , viewing others ( consciously or unconsciously ) as himself and placing his own treatment upon others , either in heart or in action . It is within the heart where contempt lies , and love , where it invisibly affects the foundation of others ; and we are thus judged by action and thought , both objects of rhythm and motion manifesting itself unto the stage of life . 
\First he ( Man ) was moved to deeds by unconscious\ 
If a brother or sister be naked , and destitute of daily food , And one of you say unto them , Depart in peace , be ye warmed and filled ; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body ; what doth it profit ? Even so faith , if it hath not works , is dead , being alone . \ < PROPFIRST > 2:15 -17 " 
The poetics of one's imagination , the eloquence of one's tongue , the passion of one's embrace , the virtues of one's actions and thoughts ; the mind guiding Man has become polluted with the excesses of the world : deny the world and be free . 
The soul is merely a subjective consciousness of God , exploring its new-found being : its own creativity and imagination . Devoid of its Immortal essence , of its Father , Origin , and Heritage , it will become as naught and abide in the stillness of the world until it awakens back unto the Truth , and reunites with its Father ; its Dreamer . 
God created His children for witness of Creation , and for inheritance thereof : but His children , indulging themselves in the fruits of their own creation and degraded into Man and lost sight of their Heavenly heritage ; so God sent the Word to give memory back unto Man , that they might lift themselves up from bondage and be His children again . 
In the beginning was the Word , and the Word was with God , and the Word was God . The same was in the beginning with God . All things were made by him ; and without him was not any thing made that was made . In him was life ; and the life was the light of men . And the light shineth in darkness ; and the darkness comprehended it not . \ < PROPFIRST > 1:1 -5 " 
\And the Spirit and the bride\ 
The child is deprived of his imagination ; the teenager of his thoughts . School is not fit to process children , yet they do ; this world is shaped through that revolving ignorance . When a child is taken from his imagination , he cries ; but , now , when a teen is taken from his possessions he sobs . The influences of the world has corrupted the generations ; and made them unable to even contemplate emotion . They lack love . 
\Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination ? \ 
\Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die ? saith the Lord \ 
\For with God nothing shall be impossible . \ " < PROPMALE > 1:37 " 
\The righteous perisheth 
\But if from thence thou shalt seek the LORD thy God 
\Lift up your eyes to the heavens 
\I will hear what God the LORD will speak : for he will speak peace \ 
“Few people have the imagination for reality . ” - Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe 
