It's so boring right now . damn . Next week , we needa go to the beach . 

I want coffee ... 
uploaded some pics again so yeah . going to bed now .. 
man , life is weird . 
today was pretty awesome . the ocean is amazing and the fact that I felt like I was being swept to sea was pretty damn scary . wetsuits are fun stuff , yo . 
Looking forward to BHS - but I'm worried that people will still think I'm crazy like I was , geez ... oh well , haha ... 
It's really relaxing . One month til BHS ! 
I'm home ! felt like a long time . 
Finally figured out how to send pictures from my phone to my computer , I'm so happy 
An up and down kinda day 
People shouldn't get angry at me for trying to help out . kinda sucks 
feels really awkward .. 
I didn't realize how many people didn't know I wasn't going to BHS - yeah , I'm going , I'm feeling a lot better . Just nervous that people will dislike me for who I used to be , as cliche as that sounds . Also , group 36 I think , anyone else ? ( I wrote more than I wanted to , damn ) 
See you guys tomorrow 
school was okay . kinda disappointing ? also : 1st : jap100 ( ugh ) , 2nd : Library Assist , 3rd : Health , 4th : Math , lunch , 5th : English , 6th : Bio B-lunch , anyone else ? 
I miss Portland 
Fresh < PROPMALE > is still amazing . 
I feel so terrible ughhh 
Good mood , man ~ 
Lalala ~ 
Odd question : what's your favorite exercise ? ( I'm bored ) 
ohmygod I miss everyone so much right now . RAZZLE IT UP . 
I really want to razzle right now . I can't wait for next weekend !! 
Duuude . Apparently my grandma's family is English and French , no < PROPMALE > . Then Grandpa is < PROPMALE > , then the other side of the family is < PROPMALE > , Austrian , Czechoslovakian , and a whole bunch of other European places . I just didn't know grandma was English and French . Whoaaa 
No school tomorrooowwww 
does any one know how much homecoming photos are ? you have to buy them before homecoming apparently 
Homecoming was really fun :D 
I miss my friends outside of school ... 
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G GAME 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > <3 my best friend is older ! 
So nervous about tomorrows game ... we're gonna win though !! ( I hope ) <3 See everyone there . 
Bright Pink ( like Bethanys ;D ) 
I just realized I never update statuses . Huh . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday :D I forgot completely about being on facebook haha , but I'm baaaack . 
