Uncle's are kickass 

life is preventing me from having a life ... 
USA whyyyy ???!!!! You were up 2-0 ! How could you have let this happen ?! 
Why is life so physical ? 
Go on an crazy adventure , in order to save the girl ?! Talk about a perfect life . 
Life is good ... but work sucks 
I'll respect your privacy but can I invade it , just a little ? 
Because I have better things to do tonight than die !!! 
is ready for ... whatever . 
Needs to find his wallet which went missing at the pink house last night . 
found his wallet at the pink house . 
Let the ass kicking begin ! 
Time to battle the laundry machine . 
Smooth elecricity ... 
You can't gamble if you don't have something to lose . 
sucks . 
... 
10 X 2 = < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
god damn , needs to stop \letting\ " people touch my computer " 
<3 ' s < PROPMALE > 
Toga !!! 
weekend you disappoint me for not being longer ... 
is ready for a long break 
finally found the last pokemon card needed for my collection . I am a POKEMON MASTER !!! 
Who says waking up at 2 is a bad thing ? 
Where are the Turkeys ?!!! 
The weekend is over so it's time for life to go back to normal ... Mixer tomorrow !!! 
is wupped 
\We should name it something about the coldness ; like stick . \"" 
Has learned that manlike was not made to have wheels on their feet 
an angina ailed alligator allocated apples and asparagus angrily at an aluminum alloy apartment activating an armored ( adjective ) armadillo's anuus 
Forging your soul is hard work . 
Dang . 
Found my phone and fixed my computer . Take that world ! 
Found his wallet , thank god ! 
That was a crazy chain of events , it seems like out of a story . 
and now on to the second act of the performance . 
figured out < PROPMALE > . 
Is remembering the old times ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Dickinson can suck it . 
Just got four different medications and doesn't know how to use a single one . 
had a nice time with his parents , hurray for being spoiled ! 
Did that really just happen ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland is at the top of the list . 
wishes that dyers would stop stealing socks and actually dry clothes . 
what a week ! and its only going to get better ! Congrats PC 010 ! 
so much to do , so little time . 
My bad about changing my profile pic so much , mischief has been about ... 
Anyone have connect-four ? 
Up 1 air-conditioning ! 
loves studying for finals !!!! i just don't know what I am gonna do with my life when they are over ... SIF ( school is life ) 
Kansas City is SOOOO COOOL ! < PROPFEMALE > Duffy 
Time for a job ... 
Finally has a job ! Salad anyone ? 
Step one : get a tan\ 
Step two : peel\ 
step three : repeat 
Anyone feel like chatting ? 
NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! 
The Sound of Tomorrow !!! but also Today ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAV0XrbEwNc 
This week I tried waterskying with a surf board , ( also known as skerfing ) and face planted most 75% of the time . I also beat a buntch of little kids at their own baseball game . Boy do I feel accomplished . 
Monday already ? what happened to freetime ? 
is trying to figure out skype with his new laptop ! 
Thank you everyone for all of the notes but there is something you should be even more exicted about ! \ 
\ 
New Wheel of Time book comes out in exactly one month !!! 
Should I shave my head again ? 
very big week , can't have a life until 8:00 pm friday . 
had a dream last night where my friend < PROPFIRST > and I where playing a video game . In the game we got jobs as school cooks . On the way there we ran over the pricipal . \ 
Point being it was the best pasta those genius third graders ever had ! 
Will be at < PROPFEMALE > on the 11th , so lets play where's waldo !.... Also could someone pick me up ? 
Is there anything worse than repetition ? 
Hip Hop stations , please find more than 5 songs to play . \ 
p.s. make them less girly for everyone's benefit . 
North Korea and South Korea , isn't this a little too close to 2011 if ya know what I mean . 
Wheel of Time could you get any more awesome ? Oh wait that happens everytime I read you ! Thank you ! 
8 hour shift with my co-worker being a no show , why do holidays always mean more work ? 
Well now is a great time to figure out \the internet \"." 
Just keep swimming ! Just keep swimming , swimming , swimming ! 
