happy new years everyone hope 2011 will be awesome 

got tgo work today ugh ... o well cant really complain when im making time and a half today 
Came up with a great acronym at work today ..... S.T.U.F.F. ( Stop Talking U Fuck Face ) lmao 
saints are goin to come out the playoffs superbowl champs 
i miss u too 
bored out my mind 
chillin at home 
im out be back later 
hey im back 
im out peace 
heyy heyy guyss 
SUPERBOWL CHAMPS NEW ORLEANS SAINTS 
hey i do me if you dont like it them f *** off and hate on someone else 
track meet was the best 
imma beast at track can't nobody stop me !!!!! hit me up to catch up at 484-707-3745 
im mad bored n got nothin to do 
Track meet today goin to k some a 
i rock the hell out of hamburg boy cause they jus cant compete wit fleetwood track !!!!!! 
Big meet comin up tomorrow !! got to trash them other schools lol !! shout out to all my old trackmates !! 
just ran a 2:01 800 meter an still gettin better !!! Who can stop me besides the good man upstairs and im not talkin bout my father lol !!! 
got my mind on someone that i liked for a long time :) 
Shaner Invitational 800m champion ; thank the lord for he has helped me every step of the way . 
Some people < PROPMALE > their dreams ;; Others hunt them down and beat them mercilously into submission !! 
madd tired ;; just got home from work ;; startin to figure out who the real friends are in my life 
SAT's later today not very excited 
im goin to niss my kupa ppls . We got to end this year wit a big bang 
Eminem's new cd \Recovery\ " is amazin ;; summer vacation starts now woo hoo !!! " 
i got stitches o well now i kno to cut away from my body lol 
bein stuck in house sucks 
the one i like . Likes me back but because of some other guy i cant have her . So wat in the world should i do . 
the hardest thing to do is watch the one u love , love someone else . 
skit skit S . K . Pi Kupa champs forever 
Those who want love . Can't have it . Those who look for love . Can't find it . Those who have love . Don't want it . Love finds those who truly kno wat love is . 
Jus chillin wit the person I care about most 
mad bored but still chillin wit her !! Can't wait for tonight goin to have so much fun !!!!! I . L . Y . KMM 
made tired . got off work at 2 am n goin back at 12 ugh lol ily kmm 
im sooo bored right now ... missin her so much ... ugh n i got to work 
made bored .... stuck at home grounded ugh ..... i hate bein stuck at home ....... i . l . y . kmm 
If there is one person who can make my day it is u ...... no matter how im feelin that day u will always make it better ..... im glad its u nn no one else that can do this i.l.y kmm 
If there is one person who can make my day n it is u ...... no matter how im feelin that day u will always make it better ..... im glad its u nn no one else that can do this i.l.y kmm 
jus got home ... went school shoppin .... also sat in a stadium for 2 hrs to find out the iron pigs game got cancelled .... ugh today sucks .... hit me up 
rrreeeaaaalllllyyyy bored .... work at 5 ugh ..... its goin to be a long day .... but tlkin to mi amor will get me through it i.l.y kmm 
bored out my mind .... tlkin to mi amor ... i.l.y kmm 
im worried ..... this doesnt happen ... acctually this never happens ... i need to kno if she is ok ..... 
well to kno love one must experience love . if love finds u charish it . dnt push it away like its nothin . love is somethin . its somethin everyone wants . somethin everyone needs . so wat will u do if love comes knockin at ur door . will u push it away or charish every moment . ask urself this n find out wat u wiould do . 
friends .. u have real friends , fake friends , n neutral friends . Real friends r there through everythin . They help u up when u go down . Fake friends r the opposite . Yeah they r there but are never around when u need them . Neutral friends r there to help u up , but still tlk about u when ur not around . Real friends everyone want , fake friends everyone has , n neutral friends well who cares about them . 
There is a reason y theres a past , present , n future . The past should be left where it is behind u . If u keep lookin back ull miss everythin happenin in the present . The present is now n how u live it is up to u . Follow the opportunities happenin in the present . The future is never defined . It changes wit the thins u do in the present . The past , leave it there , the present , live it up , n the future , dnt worry about . 
x country practice today ..... i wonder how good the schoola around around fleetwood ..... i miss < PROPFIRST > x country mad fun lol 
tired sore n bored .... but i have cross country practice so imma suck it up n keep movin forward . 
woke to one f'd up day ...... but still at least im here to live it 
goin deep sea fishin tomorrow .... kinda excited to go .... only 1 problem about that is i cant tlk to mi amor =( 
fishin was pretty cool .... caugh a blue fish .... mad tired though n still tryin to figue out y im stll up so late 
woke up lookin forward to a nice day n its rainin .... ugh it looks like another shytty day comin .... 
today was better then i thought .... still pretty borin though ..... practice tomorrow ..... goin to be another long day 
bored like usual .... but wat do u expect from a place alled blandon .... lol 
bored .... injured ...... ugh this sucks .... 
bein injured sucks ..... but the is a first time for everytin 
I remember when we would wake up n jus tlk . No problems , no distractions , nothin in our way . I miss that . Wat happen ? Is it the distance between us ? Is it the parents that controll us ? Is it the responsibilities put on us ? Well wat ever it is . Im puttin an end to it . Come with me . I don't know where we will end up . i don't really care . As long as im with u . I feel like the only thing that can stop me is God . I love u 
no phone :( .... n stuck at home ..... today jus sucks so much 
been bored all day ... jus want to tlk to her ... =( i miss u so much babe ...... today sucked so much .... 
u kno ur invisable when noone tlks to u . u kno ur not when at least one person does . today im invisable . but tomorrow ... idk i may jus still be invisable . 
thought of my baby all day .... i miss u sooo much =( ..... hope she is enjoyin herself at camp cuz im bored over here without her ... i.l.y kmm 
jus got home from watchin ufc .... bj penn got his ass whooped lol ... 
last day of summer .... first day of school tomorrow ... ugh i hate the first day of school . 
first day of school was beter then i thought ... but practice wasnt so nice 
practice sucked sooooo much ... it was as hot as aiden < PROPFIRST > martinez lol jk but i was hoooot ...... 
practice was better then yesterday but still hot as hell 
\Stick a < PROPMALE > in their mouth so i guess its fuck wat they say \"" 
timed mile today woooohoooo .... syke that shit sucks so much but lets see if i can get under 5 mins this time 
i kno i mess up . i kno im not perfect . but i try my best to do wat i can . i opened up my heart for u n nothins changed . i want to be there for u . i want to be by ur side . ='( i cry when im not by ur side . i dnt like bein sad but i cant seem to stop cryin . watever happens from now on i have no control . my hearts still open but not only for u this time . its time i step out n keep wlkin the path set in front of me .. bye 
If there was one thing i need to change ..... wat is it ? 
hate myself for the stupid shyt i do .... 
\Within all of us there is a storm . Some believe it will never end ; but he who has faith in heavens will weather any storm .... \"" 
Senior pics tomorrow at 1 wooohooo i cant wait .... 
senior pics were a blast cant wait to put them up .... 
dnt wnt to go back to work to have to paint the lobby ugh ..... its goin to be a loooong night 
4hrs of sleep n a day full of nothin goin on ..... wat to do .... wat to do .... 
another day of doin nothin then back to school tomorrow ..... kinda lookin forward to tomorrow .... first meet n im lookin to run aboud a 17:30 5k 
up in a-town chillin wit my bro < PROPMALE > 
to see my senior pics go to berishphotography.com 
i need songs to download ... dnt care wat type of song it is 
\One ... you're like a dream come true ... two just wanna be with you ... Three girl its plain to see ... that you the only one for me ... and Four ... Repeat steps one through three ... Five ... make you fall in love with me ... If ever i believe my work is done then i start back at one .... \"" 
first meet of the season .... wish me luck 
i did good 18:35 for my first meet in ninty degree weather 
< PROPFIRST > n dieruff r jus startin school ...... man i been in school since last week .. 
they say things happen for a reason ..... can someone tell me wat that reason is ???? 
as each school day ends my year gets better .... only 174 days of school left wooohooo 
The \Who Dat\ " nation startin off the season wit a W .... LETS GO SAINTS !!!!!!! " 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity < PROPFEMALE > real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for ............ stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't Copy and Paste this because they don't know how to Copy and Paste 
going to kick some ass at the twin valley invitational today ..... n im not runnin by myself .... i got those two special people in my heart at all times ..... 
i went ... i kicked some ass .... n i feel like shit now lol 
i went .... i kicked ass .... n now i feel like shit lol .... 
prayin for the families that lost someone on 9-11 may they rest in peace 
ugh school tomorrow .... not lookin forward to it at all . but practice will probably be worst 
on a scale of 1-10 how much of a friend am i to u .... 
Cowgirls r gettin spanked lmao ..... n i thought they were goin to be a team tro look out for .... 
is so bored .... wnted to go to the soccer game but couldnt get a ride =/ ..... today sucked 
goin up against oley n < PROPMALE > today .... lookin to place in top ten n beat my best time of 17:39 
woke up this mornin n feel like shyt .... my calfs hurt so much i look like im crippled when i walk ..... hopefully this pain goes away soon 
gWouldn't life be perfect if sweatpants were sexy , Monday's were fun , junk food was good for you , homework didn't exist , all girls weren't drama queens , most guys weren't losers , and saying goodbye only meant until tomorrow . 
goin to work =/ not to excited .... 
granted the skins r not my team but i want them to win 
LETS GO SAINTS !!!!! < PROPMALE > Hartley wit the game winnin field goal to send the \who dat\ " nation to 2-0 " 
just finish my essay for english .... yay i hope its good enough for an A 
I CAN'T STOP FARTIN LMFAO !!!!!!!! 
How did we meet ? ( Copy this into your status and see who remembers ) 
its funny how u think u know people .... n find out u dont know a thing .... 
life sucks when ur friends are not in it .... life jus aint worth livin if the people u love r no where around .... which makes findin love that much harder 
its funny how things seem that they have changed but then u find out that nothin has changed at all ... thats how i feel right now ..... so much for tryin 
get him to the greek was one of the funniest movies i have ever seen in my life 
i use to care about the world now i say fuck it .... cuz noone in this world treats me the way i treat them .... so i say fuck em all n im not takin it back .... 
like this if u think the jets are the best team in the afc .... 
who remembers when my birthday is ... anyone ... 
mad tired so im goin to sleep ... hit me up if u got my number 
infinitos tonight wit the team goin to stuff my face 
17:14 5k so glad that i finally beat my old time 
like this and turth is ... 
practice was awesome today 6:09 < PROPMALE > for 6 < PROPMALE > and i felt great 
\Ghetto superstar that is what you are ..... comin from afar reachin for the stars ... run away wit me to another place ... we can relay on each other uh huh .. from one corner to another uh huh ... \"" 
SAT's on saturday whos not excited .... meeee 
Children with\ 
special needs only want what we all want ... to be accepted . Can I make a\ 
request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status\ 
forat least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor\ 
of all children who learn a little .... differently . Thank you 
SAT's tomorrow totally NOT excited lol .... 
u move n u find out who ur real friends are 
its funny how people who say will always have ur back never do once u leave ... 
Dnt tell me u miss tlkin to me if every time i try to tlk .... u always ignore me .... wtf i dnt know wat to think of this anymore 
tlkin to her lifts all the stress i have off my shoulders .... 
Copy\ 
this onto your status and see what people rate you ! ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish\ 
we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) i \ 
want you ( 8 ) spoiled ( 9 ) pretty ( 10 ) wild ( 11 ) funny ( 12 ) beautiful ( 13)\ 
mature ( 14 ) ugly ( 15 ) I’d take you home ;) ( 16 ) wish I had ur number \ 
... ( 17 ) wierd ( 18 ) honest ( 19 ) freak ( 20)sexy 
first place at my meet today .... so glad something was good about today 
good night facebookers 
Ewwwwwwww .... JJ farted and she was happy about it 
tired from work n i got an < PROPMALE > project i have to finish that was due a week ago lmao im sooooo laazy 
i'm backin up backin up backin up backin up cuz my daddy taught me good ... im backin the hell outta ther n im like oh my god oh my god my god ...... lmfao 
Everyperson has 1000 wishes .... A cancer patient only has one ; to get better . 97% will not post this , but I know my friends will be some of the 3% that will post this for an hour . In honor of those who have died from cancer and for those that are still fighting ! ? 
when life gives u lemons ... u make lemonade but when life gives you oranges ... wait why the hell is life giving you fruit anyway 
wants to see < PROPMALE > potter so bad !!!!!!! 
well to kno love one must experience love . if love finds u charish it . dnt push it away like its nothin . love is somethin . its somethin everyone wants . somethin everyone needs . so wat will u do if love comes knockin at ur door ? 
i can be in love \ 
but i just don'e know\ 
baby one thing is for certain\ 
whatever you do it's working\ 
All the girls don't matter\ 
In your prescence can't do what you do\ 
There's a million girls around but i don't see no one but you\ 
\ 
Girl you're so one in a million\ 
You are\ 
Baby you're the best I ever had\ 
Best I ever had\ 
And I'm certain that\ 
There ain't nothing better\ 
No there ain't nothing better than this 
when you love someone the moment u two are apart you miss each other ... well ive been missing her since we been apart and i can't stand it anymore ... just have to survive 2 mores day .... 
soooooo bored right now ... randomly answering quizes lol 
today .... winter track begins ..... man i can't wait 
one of the best nights of my life .... spent it wit the person i care about ..... :) can't feel anybetter 
Change your FB Profile Picture to a Cartoon . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Support the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this as your status and joining this group to support this sometimes over looked cause ! Invite friends to join and do the same . 
how many ppl really kno who i am ???? : T i wonder ...... \ 
Comment if u kno who i really am . 
2010 was fun but now must be left behind .... time to startp lookin to the possiblities of 2011 
If the saints win next week and the falcons lose they switch spots and new orleans becomes the #1 seed 
woooo-hoooo school today which equals one thing .... complete fuckin bordum all day .... i can't wait 
just great injured all over again :( ... i hate the winter 
work , work , work thats all i do ... but at least i get money for it 
[ POKE ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do .. [ LIKE ] This status if you think i'm a good friend .. :] [ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. [ COMMENT ] On this if we have had good memories .. ;D NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT ON THEIR STATUS !! :) 
Lmfao ..... fleetwood would be the only school to not have a delay ...... man thats just F.U.B.A.R. 
hey look at that fleetwood we have a 2hr delay 
when life sucks who do u turn to ?????????? 
idk ... if things keep going the way they r ... somethin is going to happen that some ppl includin myself wont like at all .... 
When I first saw you , \ 
I was afraid to meet you , \ 
When I first met you , \ 
I was afraid to hold you , \ 
When I first held you , \ 
I was afraid to kiss you , \ 
When I first kissed you , \ 
I was afraid to love you , \ 
Now that I love you , \ 
I'm afraid to lose you . 
Funniest thing i have ever herd in my life .... She's so dumb , she's ugly .... lmfao 
really wants to go to a muse concert 
listening to mu favorite song \Resistance\ " by muse " 
if u could describe me in one word wat would it be ???? 
Can our school get any stupider .... 2 hr delay for absolutely nothing 
Put this as your status and see what colors you get (: \ 
Red- I love you\ 
Pink- your a cutie\ 
Green- your funny .. \ 
Yellow-your amazing\ 
............ Black- I miss you\ 
Blue- I wanna be friends forever\ 
Purple- your a hottie ;] \ 
Brown- your sweet\ 
Aqua- I wanna be yours FORREVERR ! \ 
Grey- your retarded but I love youSee More 
going through some rough times ... hopeing everything goes back to the way it was . 
as of 5 mins ago i am a single guy 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours 
yay !!!! gettin my wisdom teeth out tomorrow ... no school for the next two days ... cant wait for the pain 
just got my acceptance letter from california unversity back today .... im so excited ... now just waiting for york before i made my choice 
woooohoooo got accepted to california university of pennsylvania 
got accepted into york college of < PROPFEMALE > .... can't wait to surprise my < PROPFEMALE > rents :))))))) 
well home from work .... time to work on my mural 
finally got my phone ... but it got shipped to my grandmothers house ... :\\ going to get it tomorrow .. inbox me ur < PROPFIRST > if u want to tlk anytime 
yayyyy !!!!!! im done wit my mural .... 
yayyy !!!!! i got my phone .... need < PROPFIRST > ... inbox me pleasssseeee 
when i open my eyes tomorrow ill be an adult .... but i will always be my parents baby boy and ill always be a five year old at heart .... 
thanks you everyone that said happy birthday . it was a good one . 
new phone same number ... hit me up if u got my number 
making a survey .... tie dye shorts for man ... gay or not gay explain y 
