I am tired of reading all of these EIS . 

Would like everyone to check out the WSDP website . http://www.wsdp.org 
Looking forward to Friday , its a paid day off and its also Native American Day . 
They approved the SNPLMA ( Southern < PROPFEMALE > Public Land Management Act ) < PROPMALE > for the title of land to Rock Creek . 
Is a little bummed out that he can't go look for some Dosa today because of the weather . 
Another great day in the office . Can't wait until my bro's show up this weekend . Deer stew and pinenut gravy ..... mmmmmm 
Just got back from delivering wood to some of the Elders . 
Going to Tuscon . Its going to be a great week . 
Going to go see one of my family members get sworn in for lawyer in the State of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Tomorrows < PROPFEMALE > Day .... another day off from the office , but another day up on the roof to finish fixing it before the snow starts to come even harder . 
Reading the new GWD ( Ground Water Development ) Project Ethnographic Assessment for the Southern < PROPFEMALE > Water Authority pipeline . Hopefully I can learn enough from this to help draft up a resolution against it . 
OH yeah , I am going to go see the Temptations and the Four Tops next Friday . 
Oh yeah , just today of work , then I will be off to Reno for the weekend . =-) 
Hope everyone had a good New Years , mine was no bueno . 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best 21 ... : Sexy 
Today was an ordinary day until the coyote decided to test everyone . I wonder how I scored . 
Some days it feels like the progress of big business and government seems like its too much until they cross paths and cause a pileup to stop the progress . I'm glad the SNWA pipeline was delayed by the < PROPFEMALE > High Court . =-) 
Today is a good day . Things are getting done , but all I can think about is a nap . =) 
Just chilling here at work , not in a very good mood . I can't believe I don't have the respect of one of my best friends . 
Today is a much better day . Glad I was able to talk things out a little . 
It seems like whenever you really need to talk to someone , they are never around . 
Just another day . Don't know what I'm going to do this weekend though . Had time to think about what happened the last few days and I am still not sure if I want to be social . 
Well I can tell you all one thing .... I will never truly understand some things . 
I now understand the value of a walk in the morning . Gives me time to greet the morning sun and helps me clear my mind and free myself from any negativity that may be out there . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
Another day 
I hope everyone has a safe St. Patricks Day . I know that I'm going to be safe just chillin at home letting my thoughts run wild . 
Is tired of trying to communicate with people that are like walls .... you can say whatever you want to them , but you're basically talking to yourself . But at least I know now . 
THE FRYBREAD MAN CAN !!!!!!! 
Maybe today will be looking up . 
Isn't work supposed to take your mind of things ? 
Prayer works in mysterious ways .... I was praying on something today and I asked for a sign , I know everything will be good because when I asked for that sign 3 hawks started screaming above me and two landed in front of me and looked me in the eyes then flew off . 
I know I can accomplish anything , as long as I keep my head right . 
Just another day .... looking forward to tomorrow . I wonder if my dad will make up some frybread 
Alright , I'm outta here . I hope everyone has a great day . 
Its kinda funny .... I'm not really full of joy today . Maybe when I get off work it'll be different . 
When you need someone around ... they never seem to be . I just hope I'm not one of those people to someone else . 
Feeling alright today . Had fun on my birthday . 
Drama ... when it rains it pours . I'm just glad that I'm not the cause of it , I just happened to be standing close enough to get pulled into it . 
Is up and ready to go meet the big bosses over at the EPA building here in San < PROPFIRST > .... I hope today goes well . 
Ahhh ... another day done . Can't wait for the phone call later . I love the people in my life . =) 
Today is going to be a great day . The sun is shining , my thoughts are good , and its one day closer to next Thursday . 
The weather always seems to be changing for the worse here .... at least I got good thoughts in my head even though I'm being told not to . :) 
Man what a night . I have no idea what to say about that one except I don't know why everyone was hating on me . 
I don't know what is going to be of me this next week . 
Having a good time with my dad . I love my family !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Will be right back 
Is cooking up a nice glazed ham ... its going to be good 
Ahhh ... another day at work and I need more tools .... typical . 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovable . 6 : Moody . 7 :D umb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Cute . 16 : Generous . 17 : Smart Ass 
I wonder how today is going to turn out . 
Today I'm getting things done . Don't really know if its a good thing or a bad thing . 
I just realized ... that either Grandfather or the Coyote are messing with me .... either way I don't understand the lesson . 
I don't know what I'm going to to do this weekend . 
I feel really weak right now . Can't seem to eat these past 2 days . And the messed up thing is I'm not even hungry yet . 
Gonna be going to Wendover tonight to see my mom . Its going to be a great weekend . 
I'm going to be heading back today . 
Ugh .... Back to work . After last night I decided I'm going to need to find me new friends ... the ones I have suck . 
Ugh .... I'm hungry . Its almost lunchtime anyways .. :) 
Lunch was good .... just looking forward to this weekend ... plan on cookiing some Baked Ziti 
Do not open any private messages that say funny as hell . It looks like a video , but it's not ! DO NOT OPEN IT ! It's a virus and a worm ! DO NOT OPEN IT 
Alright , one day closer to the weekend where I can cook up some mad Baked Ziti ;) 
I wish this < PROPFEMALE > thing would kick in .... I'm tired of doing good things and then I get the bad end of the deal . While the ones who are bad get everything handed to them ..... I think < PROPFEMALE > is a lost cause . 
Got offered a good job in Lousiana .... I'm thinking real hard about it because ain't really anything good for me here anymore .... I just need to see something in writing as far as job security ... once I get that .. put my two weeks .. then I'm GONE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting ready to go out and spray for weeds today .... ugh ... 2-4 D stinks . 
Sometimes wonders what would be if I lived somewhere else ..... I'm thinking it'd probably be about the same , just a different place and different people . ;) 
Nobody knows you ..... when your down and out ..... 
Getting ready for my Community Outreach tomorrow ... YEAH !!!!!!!!! 
People need to understand that children with special needs are not sick . They are not searching for a cure , just acceptance . This week is for special needs education . Ninety three percent of the people will not copy and paste this . Will you be part of the seven percent that will and will you leave it on your wall for at least an hour ?? 
Sitting here with the babe !!!!!!!!!!!! Just watched a good movie . :) 
well dude i dont see any mesages on here for you from you know who ... ill keep an eye out at the smoke shop ... thats atl i can do save for becoming a private eye detective or something ... i would check the myspace or ask < PROPMALE > or her old roomate dfrom college .. oh yeah ill ask katey becuase she comes in for singles all the time ... 
Getting ready to go to work ... gotta love these 10 hour shifts . ;P 
Just sitting here chillin at the hospital . I had surgery yesterday and I am healing good . 
Ugh .... I'm in pain right now ... but I am thankful for my babe . She's trying . I love you babe . 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF U ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANTED U THERE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT U AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ON MY FRIENDS ' LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY & PASTE THIS AS YOUR ...... STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK U FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . LOVE YOU ALL !! 
I don't know what to think about the daily events that transpired here today . 
Gotta love Fridays !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just about to go out with the Babe and have a little fun . 
I hope that everyone had a good day today , spent time with the ones they love , and learned something new . I feel very blessed to have spent this day with the ones I love . But its kinda funny , even though I don't like the TRUTH about the origin of Thanksgiving , the concept of it is really nice . 
I thought a team consisted of more than one person ... but I guess not . 
About to go to work , going to be missing the babe while I\m there . I'll be home soon enough . ;) " 
Ahhhh , it feels so good to finally be off work and being able to relax . Today was a LONG day . 
Alright , getting ready to go lay down and cuddle up next to my babe . ;) 
Just chillin here at home . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I like chasing fat girls ..... they're easy to catch ;) 
This New Year is already like a Roller Coaster Ride ..... 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being bitchy , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are 
Kicking Ass in Farkle against the babe ... hehe 
Well its off to work I go . 
Loving my new setup and loving having those who are close to me around ... lotta love for you babe and Tarina 
Oh man ... Sunday morning and I'm already not feeling up for today . 
Alright , I'm going to play Gin Rummy with the babe . ;) 
I miss my babe . :( 
Man , these are going to a long next 2 weeks ..... :( 
Its only been one night and it already feels like an eternity .... =( 
Where ' o where can she be ? Breaks almost over 
Ahhh , another day in Paradise !!!!!!!!!! 
I can't wait until tomorrow ... its payday and I'm going to have some fun with my money . 
Going to go chill with my mom :) 
Going for the Steelers this year . 
Join monster fight in Age of Heroes ! http://apps.facebook.com/age_of_heroes/p.monster.php?mid=126991 
< PROPFIRST > Belushi was a very funny man . 
I'm missing my babe right now but one thing I can say is that its good to be hanging out with my cousin . Too bad I have to go to work tonight . 
I need to round up $622 to get my woman out of jail . Man this is the worst Superbowl Weekend ever . 
I miss my baby sooooooo much right now its not even funny . l Babe ... I don't care what my family thinks about you .... you are my world . I want you to realize that . 
Getting ready to take a shower and get ready for work . Man its going to be a long night . Oh well , don't seem to mind it when the paycheck comes in . :) 
Man its been a long week . 
Going to work . Hopefully tonight will be a little better than last night . ;) 
Wow ..... I'm not sure what the hell happened today , but I know I don't want anything to do with it . 
glad my babe is home 
