is grounded again . surprise surprise . 

grounded for a month . over one little thing ... what the fuck . 
my parents are making me delete my facebook , so i made a second one to keep my real one =) add me ! 
all right so since my parents are reading all my messages on my other facebook i think ill just stick with this one . 
this is one race where you dont wanna come first , i know what im doing aint no need to rehearse ;) <3<3<3 
im gonna shoot whoever the fuck decided to make life complicated . 
drove all the way home with her parking brake on . damnit 
why talk about real life when you can talk about farmville ? 
whens the last time i did something fun on a friday ? being grounded sucks balls . 
im sick ... =( 
if you dont know my dad consider yourself lucky 
im sickk ... with stickittodamanneosis 
ill leave my window open , cuz im too tired at night to call your name , just know im right here hopin , that youll come in with the rain . 
mall with livyyy laterrr =) this is the first time my parents have let me < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends in over a month lol 
my dad ripped the bag i was holding because he wanted to see the bras and underwear i bought to make sure they werent \too sexy . \ " ... tell me theres someone else who thinks somethings wrong with that " 
feels like blahh . waiting for homecoming 
sooo can yall please add me as a neighbor on farmville ?? i wanna expand my farm 
juvederm - \everyone will notice but no one will know . \ " that should be the slogan for pushup bras " 
well , this was an eventful day . 
nobody on the road , nobody on the beach . i feel it in the air , the summers out of reach . empty lake , empty streets , the sun goes down alone ... im drivin by your house though i know ur not at home . 
tired of being grounded on friday nights =/ at least im going out tm 
just finished the common app ... almost . took 2 hours but it really wasnt as bad as i predicted 
its shorts season again ! even if only for a day . ill be in town , come find me =) 
just got back from work ... sooo tiredd . 
there is no rest for the weary . 
well its about time i enjoy my reward for a long days work : free ice cream . 
is shaking . overheard my parents talking about a rehab facility ... holy shit theyre actually serious 
just recorded one of the songs i wrote on my < PROPMALE > ... garageband is GOD 
listen up cuz i love you baby , we go back like 1980 . lord knows youre the one to change me , you love me cuz im so crazy . youll see itll be you and me always , always . 
homecoming tonighttt =) i better see all of you there . 
homecoming kicked ass . pics are going up . =) 
chasing cars around our heads . 
isnt feelin too hot . 
cant wait to SLEEP IN tomorrow =P 
i wake up beneath the sun , wasting hours one by one . before my eyes , time comes undone ; youth is wasted on the young . 
so this day pretty much sucked . 
had the most amazing time last night with him <3 
time for work . bleh 
is going horseback riding today for the first time in 3 months =) 
hail < PROPFIRST > to the city , ur a virgin , and jesus cant save you , life starts when the church ends 
ima tell you one time <3 
even flow , thoughts arrive like butterflies . oh he dont know , so he chases them away . someday yet , he'll begin his life again , life again , life again . 
i am so exhausted . 
work tonighttt . my favorite way to spend a friday . 
today ... was a good day . =) 
just got back from the gym . feelin good =) 
purple teardrops im crying dont have a price , loving you is < PROPFEMALE > pie . cuz you know that baby im your biggest fan <3 
oh now feel it comin back again , like a rollin thunder chasin the wind . forces pullin from the center of the earth again , i can feel it . 
i dont want to get sick =/ 
< PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > gonna give you a fright , cuz were both going trick-or-treating tonight =) 
i called out of work just to get rained out trick-or-treating yesterday ... epic fail for halloween 
so tired from the show . pics goin up soon . 
time to bullshit a paper . 
so fucking sick of this shit . cant wait to move out 
a day off is always a good day . 
if i dont do nothin ima ball , im countin all day like the clock on the wall , so go and get your money little duffle bag boy , now go and get your money little duffle bag boyy =) 
i dont ever want to see who i would be without you for infinity . 
should feel happier than this ... 
when you see yourself in a crowded room , do your fingers itch , are you pistol-whipped , will you step in line or release the glitch , can you fall asleep with a panic switch . 
GOT ACCEPTED TO PENN STATE ! =D 
one of these days , maybe your magic wont affect me , and your kiss wont make me weak ... but no one in this world knows me the way you know me , so youll probably always have a spell on me . -\hate that i love you\ " ... love you still " 
going to my first football game in two years =) 
havin a good saturday night ova here . =) 
is grounded from facebook for a week 
well i was having a good day till now . tired of people criticizing my choices 
just got back from the banquet of a lifetime ... with a series end reserve champion ribbon , 6th place for equitation , and a saddle pad ! + lots of love from the barn homies <3 
boring friday but ... cant wait till tomorrow . <3 
just saw the most BANGIN ukrainian dancers in philly . ur all jealous . 
cant decide if today was a good day or a bad day ... 
it really cant get any worse 
sweet night , and our chemistry , make my rapid heart beat naturally . and our organic minds , while the others climb , we contemplate , what is time . <3 
doesnt get to stuff herself until tomorrow . but i get to do it two days in a row =) 
screw black friday , im about to feast =) 
just had the funnest thanksgiving all over again =) 
got 4 applications in baby ! 
I took a moment from my day and wrapped it up in things you say . mailed it off to your address , you'll get it pretty soon unless the packaging begins to break and all the points ive tried to make are tossed with thoughts into a bin . time leaks out , my life leaks in . 
feels like something bad is about to happen 
my jeans smell like gasoline =) yum 
fingers hurt from playing guitar ... no better feeling in the world <3 
guess where i just got back from ? THE CIRCUS . =) 
mad props annalise ... best st nicks party EVER . =) 
i really dont understand how there can be so many different ways i can get in trouble , and i end up finding out every one . 
this day really doesnt want to get better . =( 
FUCK THIS WEEKEND . dont ask me whats wrong cuz ill be talking for hours 
i dont like being grounded . or sick . =( 
not a great day . =/ 
just hear those sleigh bells ringing and jing ting tingaling too ... come on its lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you =) 
quitting sucks . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas =) 
you cant fucking control me you faggots . 
i will give you twenty dollars if you can buy a pack of reds and deliver it to my house . 
is sooo glad 2009 is over ... not exactly excited for the new year but ... lets hope its less topsy turvy than the last one . =) 
it just takes some time . little girl , you're in the middle of the ride . everything , everything will be just fine . everything , everything will be all right , all right . 
is finally homeee <3 
wow , being grounded actually makes me wish we had school tomorrow . fml . 
audition tomorrow , audition wednesday , singing the national anthem at 2 games next week ... fuckk im nervous . 
i am one of 16 people on fb right now . its 8:40 on a saturday night . this is what happens when you're grounded and have overly strict parents . 
writing a song =) 
i didnt know it was possible to feel this hurt , to feel this hollow ... didnt know it was possible to love someone so much , but manage to lose them twice in a row . 
i gave you everything . i trusted you , i let down my guard again , i let myself love you again . you broke my heart twice , and now it hurts twice as much . but its still my fault . i tried so hard to hold on that i forced you to let go . now only one of us remains hopelessly in love . sadly it takes two . 
chillen , picking songs to do for the coffeehouse , hitting the gym later . =) 
im that red bull , now lets fly away . 
I just want someone to say to me I'll always be there when you wake You know I'd like to keep my cheeks dry today So stay with me and I'll have it made . 
i have to sing tomorrow and im losing my voice ? what the hellllll i hate being sick . 
we are always looking for this elusive thing called happiness . you will never find it because you already have it . now close your eyes and feel it . 
arent we all crazy ? 
if you're gonna hate me then hate me , if you're gonna hurt me then hurt me , if you're gonna spite me then spite me , if you're gonna be offended by what i say then so be it . this is the first time im saying this but i honestly do not care what you think of me . 
driving fast in the pouring rain , music turned all the way up , bass pounding through your whole body ... no better way to feel better <3 
completely NAILED my brown interview ! =D 
still needs to pick songs for the coffeehouseee . those of you who have heard em ... suggestions ? 
Where are you now ? Swimming in reveries west of the bow ? Here she sets sail Crying bitter sorrow under the veil . 
we do crazy things when were in love . 
coffeehouse <3 
COFFEEHOUSE . WAS . AMAZINGGG . ! =)))) 
is soooo tired of being grounded . 
Love Is Our Resistance . 
you have no idea how much i am sacrificing just to be with you . the least you could do is not make me cry every other day . 
in my heart , i took your < PROPFEMALE > apart , sang your sweet songs in my head , holding onto them by a thread , and ill stitch up the battle wounds , play okay till we make it through , and ill give up the rest for you , save whats left of the best for you <3 
i think everybody had a bad day today . 
am i the only person who still plays farmville ? 
sledding anyone ? 
sledding at south campus . bring your friends 
had the bestttt dayy with my best friendd =) 
sometimes , there just isnt an answer . RIP < PROPFEMALE > . we all love and miss you . 
The smallest sprout shows there is really no death . And if ever there was it led forward life , and does not wait at the end to arrest it , and ceas'd the moment life appear'd . All goes onward and outward , nothing collapses , and to die is different from what any one supposed , and luckier . [ Walt Whitman ] 
guess what ? im gonna embarrass you . =) i love you <3 happy valentines dayy ! 
keeps making the same damn mistake over and over and still cant stop . 
why do i play rugby ? cuz i get to run , fuck people up , and i love my girls <3 practice tonight . 
just an fyi , the talent showcase last night is not the same thing as the rustin talent show . thats next friday . so be there =) 
oh what an adventurous night . <3 
let us die young or let us live forever . we dont have the power , but we never say never . sitting in a sandpit , life is a short trip . the musics for the sad man . forever young 
senior skip =) 
I'll leave my window open Cuz im too tired at night to call your name Just know im right here hopin ' That you'll come in with the rain . 
tonight ima let you be the captain , tonight ima let you do your thing , tonight ima let you be a rider ... tonight ima let it be fire <3 
jammin . 
you know , i would love it for people to stop being such assholes . 
is grounded . what else is new . 
is singing the anthem at the game tonighttt ... =) i better see all of you there !! 
my dad just told me i dont have the talent to be a singer . funny , juding from the cheers and applause over a thousand people tonight seemed to disagree 
see you give me a purpose , now im getting nervous , that my heart will never sing again . oh , when we was runnin up the airways , they knew us from the virgin islands to the UK . see we was on the way to platinum and gold , never thought you'd go but you did , yeah you did . oh baby you left and sailed away alone . 
is volunteering with the horses :))) 
windows down , sunroof open , almost spring <3 
congratulations to everyone who participated in the talent show - you are ALL incredible =) 
falling s l o w l y . 
being a < PROPFEMALE > does not make me < PROPFEMALE > . get it right people ! 
its really depressing that no one ever truly understands my music . 
awesome fun game against conestoga . <3 rugby 
& iwonder , when i sing along with you , if everything could ever feel this real forever , if anything could ever be this good again . <3 
im sorry . 
i need to stop clicking \like\ " and \ " become a fan . \ " its almost an addiction . " 
is going to the BAHAMAS tomorrow =) 
got into Boston University !! =D and leaving for the bahamas ... great morning so far =) 
hates travelling and wants to go home . 
aside from the sun poisoning , life is good . ya cant beat sipping banana dacquiris and listening to < PROPMALE > Marley on the beach =) 
and when the night is cloudy , there is still a light that shines on me . shine until tomorrow , let it be . i wake up to the sound of music , mother < PROPFIRST > comes to me , speaking words of wisdom , let it be . 
got a < PROPMALE > Marley t-shirt as my souvenir from the bahamas haha =) 
id like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden with you =) 
had a really bad day . 
GOT MY PROM DRESS ! <33333 ittt 
played what was definitely one of the funnest rugby games of my life . good job girls ! 
for once sleep is more important than facebook . zzz 
before you go off criticizing me , take a good hard look at yourself . you have the same fucking flaws . 
needs a job . if ANYONE knows places that are currently hiring or a little gig that will get me money or something , please let me know . im flat broke ! 
in a cruel world , a symphony is a smile . in a stressful situation , creation is catharsis . in a torrent of tears , song is solace . in a room full of strangers , music is a friend . 
celebrate good times , c'mon =) <3 4.2.0 
if anyone wants a bracelet i can make you one with any colors for a couple bucks =))) 
give me the beat boys and free my soul , i wanna get lost in your rock n roll and drift away ... <3 
is on top of the worlddd right now =)))) finally scored a try in rugby ! 
decided on a college , scored a try in rugby , got a jobbb ... how could this weekend possibly get any better ?? =) 
we all have weaknesses . for some people , its things like chocolate , or video games , or sleeping in on saturday mornings . for me , its love . sometimes second chances are easier to give than goodbyes ... sometimes loving halfheartedly is easier than watching your heart break in half ... sometimes gaining nothing is easier than losing everything . somehow , that still doesnt make love easy . but i love you still . <3 
likes being a waitress =) 
is gingerlicious . 
worked a 9 hour shift with a hangover . and made 25 bucks in tips . i think i might be a beast 
ive got another confession my friend , im no fool . im getting tired of starting again , somewhere new . were you born to resist , or be abused ? i swear ill never give in , i refuse . is someone getting the best , the best , the best , the best of you ? 
had a thoroughly enjoyable friday afternoon =) work tomorrow , come watch me accidentally screw stuff up ! 
bye bye , miss american pie , drove my chevy to the levee but the levee was dry . and them good old boys were drinkin whiskey and rye , singin , this'll be the day that i die . 
dont know whether to post my status as <3 or </3 ... ah , the perpetual confusion of teenage love 
sing-song time =) 
screwed up a one-word solo . that takes skill 
movin to the country , gonna eat a lot of peaches 
the world is our oyster , and we choose to hold it in the palm of our hand , or let it slip through our fingers . 
got my first ticket . at least the cop was hot 
prom tomorrow <3 
trying to reinstall iphoto onto my computer . photos will go up eventually . <3 
FINALLY figured out iphoto . williamsburg , prom , and grandparents ' place pics are going up . =) 
is talking about poop with < PROPFIRST > Burtch 
i can feel it coming back again , like a rolling thunder chasing the wind . forces pulling from the center of the earth again , i can feel it . 
is FINALLY out of my songwriting rut . and is loving this summer storm <3 
i gave you all of me , all of my heart ... and the most painful thing is to see it given back . there is no past tense for love - either you never did , still do , or always will . i still do . i always will . 
writing out my life on the piano 
Me : \You'll probably be able to decide the gender of your kids by then . \ " < PROPFIRST > Mazzanti : \ " You already can . Just abort it until you get it right . \ " ahahaha " 
funnn weekend , crappy day off 
last day of high school tomorrow . holy macaroni . im gonna miss everyone ... well , almost everyone . =) 
high school is OVERRR , summer is HEREEE ! =) everyone better be ready to celebrate alllll summer long . 
i love you < PROPFEMALE > Degville <3 so proud to get a scholarship in your honor . the rugby team will always remember our little black belt <3 
i dont understand why everyone feels compelled to hold their grad parties on the same friggin day . 5 in one day is pushin it 
If you like this status , i'll post on your wall something i like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge =) 
had the best time watching < PROPFEMALE > Flynn geek out ahahaha =) 
had the funnest day with Jisa < PROPMALE > ... and all my moms coworkers haha 
conditioned all the leather in my car . cleaned and shined up the rest of the interior . waxing the exterior by hand tomorrow . damn i take good care of my baby 
parents took the phone away . dont call or text 
is on top of the world right now =))) 
mama mia , here i go again . my my , how can i resist you . <3 
its not over tonight , just give me one more < PROPMALE > to make it right , i may not make it through the night , i wont go home without you . <3 
LIVIN IT UP IN DUB-C ;) 
i can hear my parents whispering about me . wonder what theyre saying ? 
is going to Costa Rica in the morningg <3 hit me up in 3 weeks ! 
is back from Costa Ricaaa =) yall better HIT ME UP ! 
Hakuna Matata . 
and thats why im wondering why you had to tell me whats going on in your head , whats wrong . come around to another time when you dont have to run . 
got a smile in my pocket and my heart on my sleeve , foot on the pedal and hand on the wheel . 
lalalalalaaa =) 
we live every day , but only feel alive every so often . i feel alive today . :) 
aint nothin but a white trash partyy <3 ;) 
every one of us was born to change the world . we just have to find a place to start . 
saw inception today . blew my mind . < PROPMALE > dicaprio never disappoints . for realsies 
boston for the rest of the week . peace WC 
orientation was the < PROPFEMALE>'s knees . 
old spice swagger , for the man who holds the complete works of aristotle in one hand and a delicious sandwich in the other 
hanging on , here until im gone . right where i belong , just hanging on . \ 
<3 foo fighters 
only in pennsylvania would you get stuck in traffic behind a tractor . 
had the BEST night with my girl < PROPFEMALE > Ivins at the goshen fair ! <3 
life is like a bowl of mixed nuts . you never know what ur gonna get . sometimes its totally sweet . other times its downright salty . unless ur allergic to nuts , like me . in which case , it sucks all the time . =) 
there are so many ways to come alive . 
sooo ilovethebeach . <3 
im gonna go , but im not gonna go quietly . 
forget all your politics for awhile , let the color schemes arrive . 
getting my ears pierced tomorrow ... second holes too ... its about time 
Finally 18 ! =))) 
thank you so much everyone for the birthday wishes ! =) i feel so loved ! 
you are the only exception , and im on my way to believing . 
back from wildwood , off to boston . im gonna miss good old WC 
game tonight , maybe ? then who knows what ? classes start tomorrow =) 
chiddy bang = epic fail 
frat partyy , whattt 
nothing like a torrential fucking hurricane to start your day 
I will help you fight your war , You know we were both born soldiers , We will fight it out till the end . <3 
got a spot on the Chapel Choir =))) 
going to the esplanade . hope i dont get knifed 
i really need to stop oversleeping ... 
whats good for tonighttt , Boston ? 
open mic tonight =) still cant decide what song im gonna do 
is having a conversation about horse semen with < PROPMALE > Curreri and < PROPFIRST > Donahue at 4 in the morning 
i love getting a compliment that just makes your day =) 
homework is the bane of my existence . 
i love my choir =) 
to the < PROPFEMALE > and back <3 
thinks its really weird seeing your friends from high school being tagged in the albums of people you dont know 
sooooo excitedddd ! =D 
off to the north end for some amazingg pizza from reginas , then jammin in CFA , then esplanade =))) 
best weekend ever ? possibly :) 
mens impletur gratia , et futurae gloriae nobis pignus datur . 
i like it in the shower 
i like it in front of the mirror 
partytime . <3 
with a great big hug and a kiss from me to you , wont you say you love me too ? 
damn , wheres < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > when you need her . 
concert tonight at symphony hall =) yaysies 
you are my sunshine , my only sunshine . you make me happy when skies are gray . youll never know , dear , how much i love you . please dont take my sunshine away . \ 
iloveyou <3 
FACE BOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you 
overslept for my midterm . fanfuckingtastic 
played guitar for the first time in a month . i feel whole again 
goddamnit , i always find other peoples socks in my laundry . 
will be spending pretty much the next 5 days of my life at marsh chapel practicing Schumann . so you guys all better come out and see the concert at 7:30 pm this saturday =) 
Schumann Concert ! marsh chapel at 7:30 TONIGHT . be there of be square 
finds this rapid onset of darkness extremely disconcerting . 
nobodys weekend could possibly beat my weekend <3 
talk shit get hit 
note to self : NEVER procrastinate astronomy homework . 
cant wait till west < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! <3 
is in west < PROPMALE > !! <3 
at < PROPFIRST > Melgar and < PROPFIRST > Melgar's thanksgiving =) 
ah , boston , its good to be back . 
jinkies 
is now completely alone . 
everybody knows pterodactyls cant stand the screech of an electric guitar . 
you have love to hold on to , so love , hold on 
CLASSES ARE OVER =) 
got a 100 on my ear training final =) thank god for music classes or my gpa would probably be in the negatives 
is failing calculus ... and praying i didnt fail the final because that is the only thing that can save me ... 
I MISS < PROPMALE > ' N CHEESE 
GOT AN 88 ON MY CALC FINAL !! and a solid B in the course !!! sooo happyy =D 
and < PROPFIRST > Mazzanti love Opti Free Replenish 
is off to Riviera < PROPFEMALE > for a week ! back on new years < PROPFEMALE > , get at meee =) 
you know what grinds my gears ? seeing food commercials at the gym 
its so nice to finally have time for music again =) wish winter break would never end 
\can you imagine if there were pokemon in narnia ? i would fuck them in the snow and it would be beautiful . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Mazzanti " 
is really really sick =( 
no better motivation to quit smoking than strep throat 
flying back to boston ... bittersweet 
i <3 creeping 
why the fuck do i have to get inspired at 4 in the morning ? cant i think of potential songs at a normal time of day ? 
loves having nothing to do on a saturday night ... fml 
i actually have free time this semester ? can it be ? damn , why did i leave my Nintendo DS at home ! 
fuck the BU registration process 
the world is falling apart ... 
just found out why musicians write more sad songs than happy songs . this explains so much . i love psych 101 
i got soul but im not a soldier 
found out harvard got a snow day but we didnt . waited half an hour for the bus just to find out my 8 am class was cancelled . and left my purse on the bus . great fucking start to my day 
got my purse back ! someone found it with the contents scattered , put everything back in , and delivered it personally to the human resources office . its good deeds like this that restore my faith in humanity . have a wonderful day , kind stranger =) 
bitches , man ... 
cant wait to see my best friend < PROPFIRST > Mazzanti tomorrow !! XD 
partying with my best friend forevaaa < PROPFIRST > Mazzanti ;) 
got my nose pierced !! =) 
wearing cargo pants makes me feel like < PROPFIRST > Possible 
who needs friends when you have a guitar ? =) 
BSO concert , then hopefully getting into some mischief later =) 
just got back to my room and its 8 am . holy shit i have to sing at a church in an hour 
the only person who told me happy valentines day was a hobo ... 
i miss my high school rugby team =( 
its soooo good to be home =) i love west < PROPMALE > , no matter how boring it is ! 
it is 14 degrees fahrenheit in boston . comfort level is 0 degrees . and you bitches thought west < PROPMALE > was cold ... 
On the dry and < PROPFIRST > road The nights we spend apart alone , I need to get back home to cool , cool rain . I can't sleep and I lay and I think , The night is hot and black as ink - Oh God , I need a drink of cool , cool rain . 
love , reign o'er me 
hush , hush the world is quiet , hush , hush we both cant fight it , its us that made this mess , why cant you understand ? woah , i wont sleep tonight . <3 
why does everybody always fucking blow me off ... 
it gets harder every time ... =/ 
spinning in my swivel chair and making myself dizzy ... ah , the simple joys in life 
going to the esplanade to play guitar =) what a beautiful day ! 
i fucking love rugby . <3 
is there a word for music addiction ? just played piano for 4 hours straight , i think i might have a problem . <3 
It's this guilt that makes me write my heart upon the page ;\ 
My silenced conscience compels me up onto the stage\ 
And when I have been exposed , when you have seen the proof , \ 
I'll only pray that you forgive me for the truth . 
going to Annalise Curtin's costume party ... dressed as a jockey =) represent . 
we all need to remind ourselves sometimes that were human . 
it is a BEAUTIFUL day outside ! i love the world ! 
saw multiple people from high school while driving on street road/202 at 2:30 today . SO weird . 
so sad to be flying back to boston tomorrow =( all good things come to an end i guess . 
practice at 5:30 am tomorrow . not to mention i have to walk half an hour just to get there , seeing as theres no form of public transportation running that early . and i dont have a bike . cant wait 
2 years strong <3 i love you 
and all the roads we have to walk are winding , and all the lights that lead the way are blinding . there are many things that i would like to say to you , but i dont know how . i said maybe , you're gonna be the one that saves me . and after all , you're my wonderwall . 
love shouldnt have to hurt this much . 
asses will be whooped and bones will be broken ... first game tomorrow against UConn !! 
dedicated 13 hours of my day to rugby ... now sunburnt and exhausted but happy =) B side won ! 
But my dreams , they aren't as empty as my conscience seems to be 
just spent 4 hours writing a 4-page poem . well , so much for doing homework today . 
i hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited , but i couldnt stay away , i couldnt fight it . i had hoped youd see my face , and that youd be reminded that for me it isnt over . nevermind , ill find someone like you . i wish nothing but the best for you , too . dont forget me , i beg , i remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love , but sometimes it hurts instead . 
i am officially obsessed with dubstep . 
dragon tales , dragon tales , its almost time for dragon tales . come along and take my hand , lets all go to dragon land ! 
cant play rugby until i get an EKG , an < PROPFEMALE > and a stress test . goddamnit ... 
