is getting ready to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s house ! 

fml 
going to put windows in ! ugh ! 
All this is a bunch of bullshit ! 
Is kinda pissed off at some people right now 
Can't wait for this weekend to get here ! 
can't decide what to do about friday 
is in a really good mood and has no idea why ! 
hates her life 
is pretty pumped for tonight !! 
is going to miss my big me this weekend !!! 
is trying to find something to do tonight ! 
is bored ! Sitting at home by myself ! :( 
I just got my belly button pierced ! :) 
Can't wait for this weekend to get here !! 
is thinking ........ 
You never stop loving somebody , you just learn to let go of them ... 
7th grade basketball team done awesome tonight !! great job girls ! 
is getting her hair done tomorrow but can't decide what to do with it 
All I have to say is don't trust anyone even the ones that you thought were close to you no matter what ......... 
had an ok night 
is running with makenna and < PROPFEMALE > 
doesn't know if she likes her new hair yet 
is ready for this week to be over with 
is ready for tonight !! :) 
Love begins with a smile , grows with a kiss , and ends with teardrops ... 
has to go to basketball practice in a lil while .. ugh im so sore 
is bored !! 
Some people make your laugh a little louder , your smile a little brighter , and your life a little better . 
Laugh your heart out . Dance in the rain . < PROPFEMALE > the memories . Ignore the pain , love and learn , forget and forgive because You only have one life to live ? 
learn from yesterday . live for today . hope for tomorrow 
just got home from taking pictures ... and is bored 
is hoping tomorrow night will be better than tonight . I don't think i have ever been as bored as I am now ... 
Happy Turkey Day !! 
tonight was just like last night but with a few good moments ... 
is with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and gage 
can't decide ... 
just doesnt know anymore ... 
Hates when little peacock biznatches get in the way of every little thing !! 
is getting accused of something that didnt really happen ... and it really sucks people are mad at me and i have no idea why .. 
is going to sleep for a couple of hours then is getting ready for an awesome night !! :) 
had a pretty fun night last night ! :) 
is hoping the revolution will happen again sometime soon !!! :) 
is not looking forward to basketball practice today ... :( 
is trying to make a basketball warm up cd and cant think of any songs ... anybody have any suggestions ? 
is sitting at home all by herself ... no idea where anybody is at 
is trying to think of a way ... 
they think im movin fast naw im just in cruise and i ain't bout to crash i do this any day . Stop lookin at my dash you can't afford it anyway . cream on the inside clean on the outside 
gets her new phone in 7 days !! :) 
is very tired but can't go back to sleep ! 
is bored out of her mind !!!!!!!!! 
is getting ready to go to my little sisters basketball game in frontenac ...... 
i love you < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! :) 
can't wait til i get my new phone ! 5 more days ! :) 
It doesn't feel too good to getting your foot ran over then going and playing basketball tonight ... 
hates finals !!! Going to be up for awhile .. Ugh ! :( 
finally going to bed !! im just gunna give up on studying because i don't get half of the things they are trying to teach me ... 
is all smiles ... :D 
got my new phone today !!! :) 
is trying to find something to do tonight ... 
is very bored ! 
i love my new phone . It is pretty much amazing ! 
is trying to find soemthing to do tonight ... 
is wanting to go and get my nails done with my Bigg Mii ! :) 
is wanting to party it up with her favoritest cousin ! :) 
is waiting on the family to get here ... so bored ... 
is watching step brothers then probably going to sleep 
just got done playing band hero with my mom !! :) 
wants to go sledding sooo bad ! 
hates sitting at the house every night needs something to do !! 
can not flippin sleep !! 
just got done sledding with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and i am freezing !! 
is going to wal mart and to eat with the family 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s house then getting up in the morning and going to basketball practice ... yay ... 
is very bored !!! ugh !!! 
wants to go somewhere . I don't know where though ... 
just got done sledding . Dad had the tractor and an old hood of a car and my hair is soaked now ! 
is sitting at home watching movies with the family :) 
if you wanna get a piece of this heart of mine . boy , you better get in line . 
What you got boy , it's hard to find , i think about it all the time , I'm all strung out , my heart is fried I just can't get you off my mind . 
wants to go where its warm 
is getting ready to go to kennas house ... 
is sitttin at kennas house really bored !!! 
is going to my grandmas to eat now 
is playing dirty minds !!! :) 
is playing just dance 
is never doing that again !!! 
ugh !! so bored !!! :P 
take them shoes off ya teeth and stop runnin ' ya mouth ... 
definately needs to go shopping !! :) 
Love the life you live . Live the life you love . 
cannot go to sleep !! 
still cant flippin sleep ! i hope this one doesnt turn into a 6 in the morning thing again !!! :( 
is ready for this weekend !! :) 
if your always looking back , you will never see whats ahead of you .... 
This girl might get knocked down , but she will never break ... 
You worry about yours , let them worry about theirs , cause I got mine 
hopefully i wont be another < PROPFEMALE > Pissy Pants tomorrow lol :) 
Never make someone your everything when you are nothing to them but an option ... 
is lookin at pictures from when she was little ... 
just doesnt get it ... 
getting ready to go to the doctors :( 
I look at whats in front of me , I'm focused on the future cos yesterday is history 
thinks she found her prom dress but doesnt know yet ... 
Don't be shy you and i me and you can be as one i can't lie won't deny everytime with you was fun ... :) 
is done trying to impress when all i get is nothing ... 
is thinking she is going to go back blonde real soon :) 
has to get up at 5 tomorrow morning to go to arkansas ... ugh !! 
just got home from arkansas , had to make a few stops along the way home . ugh ... 
I tried to treat you like no other , To be like no other in your life and I'd of cried to see you with another , To see you with another to win your life ... 
I'd rather hate you for everything you are , Than ever love you for something you are not 
is getting ready to go to basketball tonight ... ugh ... 
never enough ... 
if you want a piece of this heart of mine , boy you better get in line ... 
FANGER WANGERS !!! :D lol 
Live each day to the fullest & love your family like there's no tomorrow . You never know if there will be a tomorrow & ... do the things you want to do ... 
thinks maybe we are supposed to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one , so that when we finally meet the right person , we will know how to be grateful ... 
is wanting to go see dear < PROPFIRST > ... 
You say it might be , But baby that ain't , Gonna be good enough , So there ain't no us , Cause you don't love me -Gucci 
ugh ! so bored !!!! :( 
is thinking .... 
doesn't know what to think anymore ... 
wants a puppy ... 
passed out twice last night and hit her head both times 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind ... 
just woke up and wants to go back to sleep ... 
theres something called compromising ... 
messed up big time ... :( 
can't wait for Saturday night !!! :) 
No i didn't say that I'm flawless , but I damn sure don't tarnish . 
is ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday !! :P 
you can love me or hate me i swear it won't make me or break me 
is bored and wants to go shopping ... 
is excited for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday Saturday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i know you prolly wish you never met me , but i just hope you never forget me 
loves the weather right now !!! :) 
fuhhhhhhhhh ! bahaha !!! 
hates when people make things confusing ... 
is pretty mad about this weather thing . It just ruined my plans for this weekend pretty much ... :( 
hates this whole time change thing ..... 
is tryin < PROPFEMALE > find something < PROPFEMALE > do tonight ... 
what's understood don't gotta be explained ... 
Why have I clouded up my mind , Why's my mother always right , And will I make it to the end or will I crawl away and die . 
is flippin bored ... 
is thinkin bout goin < PROPFEMALE > sleep but prolly wont 
thinks the last night of spring break sucks .. 
make jokes . no stress . love . live . life . proceed . progress . 
is finally going to bed ... 
all I gotta say is wooww ... 
Dominated the egg crackin contest lol 
is ready for next weekend ! :) 
not in too good of a mood ... :( 
Cottage cheese ! bahaha !!!! 
is ready for friday to get here ... 
is sitting at home . Bored . 
is in pitt with d and < PROPMALE > 
is going to attempt to make some brownies haha 
Don't be shy , you and i , me and you can be as one , i can't lie , won't deny everytime with you was fun ... 
Is going to try to go fishing lol 
You got spark , you got spunk , you got something all the girls want . your like a < PROPFEMALE > store and im a toddler ... 
i only take that on fridays ! ( while im hitting my chest ) 
can't go to sleep !! ugh ! :( 
best day ever so far !!! :) 
I ' m on another planet .... 
people just dont get it ... 
on the way to parsons with Mr. J and um the favoritest senior ever !!! 
is going to bed with a smile on her face :) 
is cleaning out the barn ... 
is on my way to softball already ! 
Hmm what to do today 
Is going fishing with < PROPFEMALE > 
just got her laptop to work again !!!!!! so pumped !!!! :) 
wants to go to the lake ... 
is sooooooooooooo bored ! 
is going to jomo with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a very long day ... 
feels pretty good ... 
wants to go swimming really bad 
Are you comfy ? Yea . Well I'm not ! Bahahaha !!! :) 
is with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
life is such a beach . its < PROPFIRST > all around me ... 
What is today !?!?!? O wait I thought this was morning !!! Hahahaha !!! 
finally got a puppy !!! 
Going to Fayettville this weekend ! 
make jokes . no stress . \ 
love . live . life . proceed . progress . 
I'm my best friend . And I'm my worst enemy and no one else can hurt unless I let them 
Keep your mouth closed & let your eyes listen .. 
just now realized yesterday was thursday not friday ! wooow !!! 
bored !!!!!!!!! 
im the one who has to die when its time for me to die . \ 
so let me live my life the way i want to . 
woooow !!! seriously !!? 
thinks summer needs to slow down just a little bit ! 
fml .. 
on our way home from canoeing 
Give me the < PROPFEMALE > that I need\ 
To keep my piece of mind , \ 
And with life’s cares , I hope , Dear God , \ 
Some happiness to find . \ 
Give me the courage to face life`s trials\ 
and not to from troubles run . \ 
let me keep this thought in mind . \ 
“Thy Will , ” not “Mine , ” be done . \ 
\ 
- “Pray” 
you just do you and ima do me 
ugh .... bored ! 
Just doesnt know ... 
all i do is win win win no matter what ... 
3rd at the world series !!!! 
what to do today ...? 
and for your love ima die hard like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . you got spark , you got spunk , you got something all the girls want . youre like a candystore and im a toddler . 
You could love me or hate me . I swear it wont make me or break me . 
the top gets higher the more that i climb .... 
At the lake ! 
wooowwww ..... 
Hope is a good thing , maybe the best of things , and no good thing ever dies . 
wow ... i guess not ....! 
is not going to be able to sleep at all tonight .... 
Wow ... really ..? 
looks like im going to joplin tonight !! :) 
Anybody sayin stuff about me really needs to stop .!!!!!!! 
I dont think you understand ... Just believe me .... 
loves it when people make up things about me and then spread it around ... love it !! :P 
is watching the boondock saints 2 
It's not been a good day ... 
I want you to make me feel like the only girl in the world . Like im the only one that you'll ever love ... 
\Dont give up on someone you cant go a day without thinking about :) \"" 
I was thinkin bout him . I was thinkin bout me . I was thinkin bout us and what we gunna be . hope in my eyes . But then i realize it was only just a dream ... 
What if .... You were the one ?? 
my watch dont tell time .. i tell it . 
wowowowowowowowow !!!!!!!! 
Everything happens for a reason and things fall apart so better things can come together . But , really , in the end whats meant to be will always find a way . 
You were my everything . You were my bestfriend , one of the few people I could tell everything to . One of the people that made me smile everytime we saw each other . Then we never had ways to get to each other hardly . We need to change that !!! If we truely care that much . I just miss you !... ? 
:) 
hmmm ....? 
am not < PROPFEMALE > , I’m Aladdin\ 
So far ahead , these bums is laggin’\ 
See me in that new thing , bums is gaggin’\ 
I’m startin’ to feel like a dungeon dragon\ 
Raah , raah , like a dungeon dragon\ 
Look at my show footage , how these girls be spazzin’\ 
So I look like gettin’ back to a has-been ? \ 
Yeah , I said it , has-been\ 
< PROPFEMALE > it up , flatscreen 
You Told Me You’d Come When I Needed You\ 
And You Said It So Sweetly I believed you\ 
But Im Standing Here Calling I Cant See You\ 
But I Am Holding You , Holding You , Holding You To That 
I believe that life is a prize . but to live doesnt mean your alive .... 
Is ready for this weekend ! :) 
So i just found out one of my best friends is missing ....... i cant believe it ...... I miss you < PROPFEMALE > ! :/ 
Hatin ' and I know they got a reason why .... 
can't wait for tomorrow ! :) 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > , I'm so very\ 
Fly oh my it's a little bit scary\ 
Boys wanna marry looking at my derrierre\ 
You can stare but if you touch it I'ma bury 
is in pitt at my baby girls birthday :) 
Loves her mommy !!!! <3 
