I give up on writing . It all sucks . 

I'm hurting on the inside , but what's new ? I'm head over heels in love with this guy ... but it really seems too good to be true . There's no way he could want anything to do with me or my son ... 
Damn ... Milwaukee is flooded to hell ! Just got home from < PROPFIRST>'s birthday dinner . A 30 minute car drive took us close to 90 minutes ... 
I have two baby cows ! Not even joking ! 
I can't stop thinking about this amazing guy . He's handsome , smart , quirky , vivacious , accepting , lovable , and incredibly outgoing . I miss hom so much ; hopefully I'll get to see him really soon ... 
Well , < PROPMALE > is looking pretty healthy . < PROPFIRST > bought him a Pink < PROPMALE > onesie from Target . Got to chill with Darian and the cows for a little bit . Now just relaxing in bed , hoping I get to talk to a certain someone at somepoint . 
Don't really want to talk to anyone today . Got bad news today so I'm just gonna stay in bed and read with my dog . 
Fog rolls in . \ 
\ 
A man cuts wood . \ 
A spider feasts upon insects . \ 
Fire blazes to combat the darkness . \ 
The smoke swirls into the fog . \ 
... A vortex of light and dark emerges . \ 
They seem as one , yet remain separate . \ 
As they fade into oblivion . 
Hoping against all hope that he'll come see me ... my heart might break if he doesn't ... 
Well ... I officially want to curl up in a corner and disappear ... Let's see if we can manage that . 
I've never known the loving of a man , but it sure felt nice when he was holding my hand . There's a boy here in town who says he'll love me forever , who would have thought that forever could be severed by the sharp knife of a short life ? 
Hmm ... made spaghetti for dinner . Now to relax and finish my book ... I'm running out of new material to read >_< 
Ugh ... can't sleep for the life of me ... I finished my book ... now I have nothing to read ... what a disappointment . Tomorrow is going to be miserable , but I'll just have to bear with it . Night < PROPMALE > . I love you . 
Can't believe how depressed I am ... The nightmares I can attempt to deal with ... I don't know how to not feel lonely though . Its going to be a long , painful 6 months ... 
Just got home from Chicago . So so tired ... and full of allergies . 
I'm going to the County Fair for the first time today with < PROPMALE > . Then visiting Mum for a few hours . Then back to the Fair for a demolition derby at 7 . Busy day today ! 
It's official ... I'm sick : sore throat , runny nose , lots of sneezing . This is so not fun . 
Well I'm babysitting a 3 month-old Pitbull puppy named Jax . He's so adorable , and such a sweetheart . Really missing a certain someone ( and \secretly\ " hoping they have to take a class before they leave ... " 
</3 
Having a lazy day . Sitting on the couch reading ANOTHER book . Hope I get to \see\ " my love today . " 
Court went okay-ish . I have so much on my mind right now ... I promised that I'd love him no matter what , and I still do . Why doesn't he realize that ? And if he has ... why doesn't it matter . I gave my heart to him completely , and I don't want it back . Its his . 
Today is going to be a really long day . Packing for the Waupaca trip today , trying to figure a few things out , and thinking about someone that means a lot to me . 
Waupaca with the whole family . 7 days of being surrounded by Skaggs people . This ought to be entertaining . 
I`ve come to the conclusion that pregnant women are worthless ... I used to beast at paddle boats and now I can hardly go to the other side of the lake ! 
Hmm ... got too much on my mind to be enjoyinmg this vacation ... I wish that I knew what he wanted . 
I missing being told \I love you\ " at night and being woken up by \ " Good morning beautiful\ " . I`d give anything to have that back ... " 
Not doing so great . I can hardly eat or sleep anymore . 
Went for a boat ride today - its awkward being told that you're \hot\ " by 27 year old men in front of your dad and little sister ... But it's better than being told you're unattrctive I suppose ... " 
Wow ... shitty day so far . I need a pick-me-up in the worst way . 
Seeing my mum again today ! 
I think there must be something wrong with me . For any guy/man in my life ... the expiration date is about 3 years . Am I repulsive , defective , or just unlovable by the male species ? I really don't get it and I'm tired of having my heart broken repeatedly by people who get me to believe that they love me ... 
Why can't I get him out of my head all of a sudden ? All I can say is \ouch \"..." 
Dating sites make me giggle on the inside . I love being dared to do things ... especially when I follow through with them . 
Got in an arguement with mum today . Feeling pretty shitty ... 
Seeing my boys and mum today ! 
I was told that I have amazing \junkie veins\ " yesterday while visiting mum ... I almost feel guilty about it . " 
Oh jeez ... got me into a mess tonight ... 
Shitty news . Uber depressed . 
