Do you Remember the Time when you fell in love 

HOW the HELL is < PROPFIRST > MAYES still doing commercials ???!!!!! 
Is about to make a comeback to the world 
I'm on a boat motherfucker look at me !!! >.< 
Yea I'm on a dolphin doin flips and shit gettin errybody all wet 
What we are going to the bermuta triangle 
nothing like getting OC spray in the morning X_X 
Cant wait to go home to see my KUPKAKE 
So what do you think i mean i think that i am doing my job good . i mean i take care of everything and try really hard . but i just feel like i need to do more like i am not doing enough . Why does it feel like i am doing something all wrong ? Why does it feel like i am not making her happy ? 
Does this make my butt look big .....?? LMAO idk i am bored 
Sleepy time sunshine i will see you tommorow . And where did you go i cant talk to you anymore . says your offline 
hates work and really just wants to go home , spend time with his kupkake , play games and eat . 
WTF why am i still on this fuckin Boat after fuckin boat after 8 pm this is some ole bull 
OK first off M . crabtree is a retard holding out for a whole year and reEntering the draft , not smart . Second SD lost 2 OL in the win over OAK monday night then they are going up with the Ravens = STEAMROLLER lmao blitz blitz L . T . -20yds Rivers 4 sacks 2 INTs 1 TD . Flacco 2TDs 295yds 
So far the good news is no one is dead that is all ...... just more dissappointment , well kind of 
The takeover has begun i am going to do things my way all the way . Doings it how I want it and know how to do it . Going to takeover life like The Takeover did in the ring 
What's on your mind ? the way takeover did the ring ... And while I'm at it I'ma have to upgrade her again . Oh and its gonna happen dont worry 
Hey Happy Birthday MOM !!!! LOVE YOU 
Yes Night vision and shooting the 240 in the pitch black ocean = AWESOME ... almost made my day better then chief started yelling about something or another 
In scottland with no money and my birthday day is wendsday 
Yep todays my birthday and i am in the middle of the ocean , but i still gonna make the best of it . Got watch 17-22 but its all good . 
And there will be another RAZ !!!! Maybe we should just stay connected to the Larimie . 
And the winner is ....... Dev ....... Speach 
Gonna keep grindin to get rookie of the year . Went in the last round of the draft to the top pf the league 
Email me i dont have anyones email address here fosterd@ddg61.navy.mil 
To be especially watchful at night , and , during the time for challenging , to challenge all persons on or near my post and to allow no one to pass without proper authority 
Got damn this is insane the same movies on every sunday what is wrong with people Batman , Transformers 2 , and Terminator Salvation . This sucks i just want to shot something cant wait til the next gun shot i am going to get the M4 out and put everything on it and shot that lol . Just cause it makes me happy 
Yea its sleepy time now i just ate and i got watch in the morning at 07 along with a list of maintenance yep full day 
Atleast at your job you can : 1 ) Come in late 2 ) Call out sick 3 ) Stay home if it is going to hurricane 4 ) GO HOME EVERY NIGHT Not be gone 6months or more every year with the only way to cocontact the person you love by way of email 6 ) Dont have a 6 hour time differance from friends 
finally is tipping the scales at 160+ LMAO i have been trying since high school loland the best part is i have not been using supplements . 
Never would have thought the the former USSR Riga , Latvia would look like some of the bad places from the movie taken . I is kind of like that place you drive pass but never slow down or get out to look at lol . well at least this park 
Looks like i can play Mafia Wars Moscow in Real life lol not to get those untraceable cell phones lol 
Five Questions YOU CAN ASK ME 5 QUESTIONS : 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . No matter how random , revealing , rude , or pointless . I promise to answer them 100% truthfully . All questions are COMPLETELY confidential - send to my inbox . Repost this to see what others ask you . IF YOU DONT THEN YOU'RE SCARED OF WHAT PEOPLE MAY ASK . 
Yes I love my money almost pay day !!! While we are out here you have to be happy for what you can 
Ok so do drunk decisions outwieght sober ones .... No but they tend to be way more fun LMAO . Had so much fun today that was crazy need to have a fun like that again . Long story well kind of . < PROPFIRST > = the least fu cked up lib < PROPMALE > 
And i found the missing pair of NVGs and they were in my MW2 Box 
And P90x wasn't as easy as they made it look on tv . Its been 3 days and i am sore as hell and i haven't even really lifted any weights . 
first < PROPMALE > , next up Manning 
So sore and tired but we finally can take showers again lol . gotta look at the bright side . 6on 6 off watch = bad but it could be worse could be like 7 or 8 hours . Gotta be thankful for the little things 
So whats good ? how has everyone been ? Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > i dont remember if i told you . Sorry if i didnt and i know its late . But yea you guys can email now and then . i might not get right back to you but my email is dfoster@ddg61.navy.mil 
Yall got snow and we have cloudless skies and 80 degrees and a steel beach picnic . 
Get'em a Body Bag !! Sorry Payton maybe next Year 
I want it more then anything that i have ever done . This is the one thing i dont want to fail at i would give my soul to make this work . I made a mistake but please 
SO when you gonna hit the Gym and stop Bullshittin ??!! 
Yep 2 a Day sundays started today and i am sore 
So break me down if it makes you feel right and hate me now if it makes you feel right 
One thing that cant be changed that hurts the most 
Yep pretty much sucks without being with you . And FB chat is the worse where i am . 
\Oh Baby if i could change the world you would be the sunlight in my universe \"" 
All energy is merely barrowed , I really relize what it means now 
So i realized that other contrys money really means nothing to me cause it all looks like monopoly money , SOOO i just throw it away 
In the words of my boy PYE \PUSH UP OR SHUT UP !!! \ " I'm bringing the guns home fully loaded " 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOM !! 
\Yo if you dont hit the gym i am gonna goto the ship store and buy you some pads write your name on them so everyone know that you have a pussy \"" 
I'm ON A BOAT MAFUCKER DONT YOU EVER FORGET ! 
PASS MY WIEGH IN , LIKE A CHIEF 
Then i found out i have no clue what to buy you . lol 
Living one day at a time ;\ 
Enjoying one moment at a time ;\ 
Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ;\ 
Taking , as He did , this sinful world\ 
as it is , not as I would have it ;\ 
Trusting that He will make all things right\ 
if I surrender to His Will ;\ 
That I may be reasonably happy in this life\ 
and supremely happy with Him\ 
Forever in the next . \ 
Amen . 
Just in case you didnt know i'm thinking about you and I LOVE YOU 
New song for when i get there , There and Back by Daughtry 
Missing you Babe cant wit til i get Back to give you hugs again 
i dont know if its just me but i really cant watch stoploss no more , it hurts too much on the inside 
I need a certain person to tell me somethings that they like and dont like just so i dont pick out the wrong stuff 
So i think that i am reaching a point that i shouldnt i cant really touch my elbows together anymore ..... Oh well now my arms work as pillows lol 
I just want to say that the best thing about you is your mind and i really miss just talking to you and hearing your opinions on things . Next i miss your smile and all of the love and kindness and careing that i feel when i see it . Your actions cause they always would speak so loudly . 
Your walk omg i hate it when you leave but OMG i love to see you go . You know what i am talking about . But it just fulls me with ...... And i save the best for last your Touch just to know to feel your skin touching mine is just so amazing it is a feeling i cant discribe . 
Even when things are looking down something will come and surprise you and lift you right back up . Remember it might not happen when you want it to but it will happen when it needs to happen . 
OMG you are so going to get it in like 5 days . Had me going HARD . Honestly it was a good one kind of messed up but a good one . I couldnt have done better myself . But you still gonna get it . You know who you are 
Abs sore , biceps sore , chest sore . Good Day and Have a good Nite fb 
Most def gonna need some TLC when i get back 
Had a few drinks but still gotta hit dat gym up and get my weight up cant be slacking . Baby i see you , you know i miss you . 143 all day all da time . 
Lord , \ 
Please bless my friends , my enemies for they know not what they do sometimes . and they need your help and your guidance . In the times when it igets hard hard and they cant walk it alone please help them < PROPFEMALE > , them cause they might not know that you are there but i do . Let them learn how to forgive not forget and learn for the things that they have done and have had done to them . 
If she trys to leave again I'm gonna tie her to the bed and burn this house do . Lol eminem 
Happy that my baby is out having fun just wish that i could be with her :( 
And then the best thing happened , You know he has a plan for everything even the smalllest things 
So after driving around Ft . Meade for an hour on saturday and then another 45mins today i found out that wasnt even where i was supposed to goto lmao but its all good now . 
Just sayin you must mean a hella lot when i will run track cause you want to . Damn i hate runnin but i love you BABY 
\you must be a Sorcerous cause you just did the impossible 
And operation cheesecake surprise = ??? 
Happy 4th of july hope that y'all ain't workin or doin drills . 
This is < PROPFEMALE > , My president is black and my lambo is blue N***A now get the Fuck out my hotel room , and if i see you on the streets i'm slappin the shit outa you 
\it hurts but i never show this pain you'll never know if only you could see how lonely and how frost bit i've become \"" 
\All this bullshit done made me strong \"" 
Its Friday the 13th guess who's playin < PROPMALE > 
\So are you going to keep trying to cook with Wonder Womans invisible pots and pans or do you want me to show you where the real ones are \"" 
\Punk Rock tryed to destroy the metal but metal was much too strong \"" 
100 wing challenge is on !!! 
Correction it was only 50 
My chick bad , my chick hood , my chick do stuff your chick wish she could !! 
And then in the next month month in a half it will be .... GO GO 8pack abs lol but really i'm not joking 
so then i thought idk maybe it was chicken 
How the hell am I gonna make my teammates better by practice 
Yo is anyone trying to play some football sometime soon 
Yea so FB its all on me i messed up and I didnt do everything i was supposed to . I accept all the blame i deserve it . I'm sorry for what i did and for not trying harder . So when you point the fingers it was all me period . 
Ok after listening to the police scanner for the last 30 minutes , i < PROPFEMALE > couldnt be a city cop . Someone called in people playing football in the middle of the st 
No bullshit bout to hit the easy button on this shit for real 
but what should i scream for this is my theme park 
Ok who wants to play some football today . hit my phone up 
Practice makes potatoes ... 
Welcome Back Everyone on the USS Ramage , Glad to have all my family back home 
Ok Who is trying to play some football this weekend . Any suggestions on a place that is good for eveyone ?? 
Note shooting at a < PROPFEMALE > hive from about 150-200ft is fun til someone gets stung ... well too bad i am so far away lmao 
damn went to the grandvopening of sonic in baltimore and been i the line for like 45min with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I saw her everyday for the last week and now she has been gone for like a few hours and i really miss her . ( very sad face here ) lol and i need to wrestle like now .......!!!!!!!! 
\You LOVE HER .... I came on her face YESTERDAY\ " lmao " 
Fuck i think i really miss active duty it is just too much stupid shit 
So the recruiter was mad i told the kids joining that norfolk was the worst place to get stationed lmao really was i wrong 
wish there was more real tag teams to add some life to the division 
T.J. GOES TO THE RAVENS !!!!!!!!! RAVENS UNSTOPPABLE FUCK THE STEELERS !!!!!!! 
NOW I CAN USE THE RAVENS ONLINE 4wr Spread 
Ok so let me get this straight Fuck Faces want to protest the Building of a mask 2 blocks from the DESTROYED WTC buildings based on OH its insensitive BUT < PROPMALE > Roethlisberger only gets to miss 4 games for raping women in the bathrooms of bars across Shitsburgh WTF is wrong with people . 
everybody needs to bump whip my hair by < PROPFEMALE > smith . everybody just keep requesting the song on the radio cause it aint gonna get no play 
So I am just saying if NE doesn't Resign Moss he might as well come to Baltimore for the Super Bowl WIN cause with him , Q , Rice , T.J. can we really lose games . 
Just listened to A Thousand Suns Linkin Parks new album it has a somewhat new sound but overall it is a great cd it hits stores tommorow everyone should pick this one up 
Got Damnit Colts D does it again . Manning just need to come to the Ravens !! LMAO 
So after watching RAW I realized the the General Manager of RAW is ......... STEVEN HAWKING 
So < PROPFIRST > Moss is back to theVIQUEENS ( VIKINGS ) . Looks like Madden is going to get real gay now , but the Ravens are not going to have such a tough time when we play the PATs 
Thank You to all my friends and Family for the Birthday Wishes 
Ok so it is 3AM and I just got everything from my group for my group project finish and it is due Sunday . 
OMG I just had the worse dream . I was sent on deploymebt from the reserves and they put me on the Ramage and I woke up screaming 
Is it just me or does < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > look and sound like Edge 
So thank you EA Sports studios now I need another new controller . Yes I have A FUCKING ANGER PROBLEM . Now I have to save up the money to get to Cali . I am going to personally fix all EA games thenn see everyone in like 10-20 
209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , San Mateo , California 94065\ 
that is where I am gonna take a trip next year ... 
So if D . Hall can get 4 INTs on Cutler does that mean that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > would have had like 8 ??? 
GOT DAMNIT !!!! Why are all the other classes < PROPFEMALE > easy and the Networking classes so fucking difficult ??! 
The worse thing about taking classes online is having to see other peoples ideas/ thoughts on topics that the professor wants use to discus . i hate most peoples views on anything I have a view on . Its not because I think I am better then them its cause they are dumber then me . 
Damn , I just got it they call them Tie Fighters cause they look like Bow Ties .. 
Put this as your status if you know someone/arerelated to someone who suffers from being a Pittsburgh Steelers Fan . Being a Steelers Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for PSF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% ... of Steelers fans wont repost this ... because they don't know how to copyand paste 
LMAO TO ALL the STEELERS FANS , thats what happens when you look over the Super Bowl Champs . Just cause they lost to the Browns doesn't mean they will roll over for the Wack Ass Steelers . 
WTF Sunday was all full of surprises Steelers over look Saints , Heyward-Bey catches a football and scores a TD , < PROPFIRST > Smith throws a TD , Cowboys give there season away , < PROPMALE > Farve gets hit in the mouth lmao , Bucs gettin it done with 2 picks , Oakland with another BLOOWOUT ?? lol , overrated JETS go down hard at home 9-0 , < PROPMALE > Moore with 3 picks in a L , 
OK so I pre-ordered this months ago and now I have it but WTF uses 12 AA batteries 
OK so how does this Q & A work , I want in 
Q and A time send the questions lol 
Damn , watching the news and found out Terrorist are looking into attacking Germany . Do they know what they did to the Jews ! 
Damn school and stupid textbooks pissing me off . Why cant they make text books that I can ask questions to ... lol 
IF ANYONE WANTS TO BUY SOMEONE GAMES FOR ANY EVENT LIKE CHRISTMAS OR BIRTHDAYS OR JUST LIKE A SALE , BLACK FRIDAY SOME GAMESTOP STORES WILL BE OPENING AT MIDNIGHT . ALSO MOVIE LOVERS MOVIE STOP IS ALSO OPENING AT MIDNIGHT . 1238 PUTTY HILL AVE IN TOWSON IS THE MMOVIES STOP GAMESTOP LOCATION . tHE OTHER FOR A MOVIE STOP IS 3611 WASHINGTON Blvd . 
How many fuckin times can the Ref's fuck the Ravens . If the ball is betwwen your legs and does not touch the ground that is a catch . Meaning that is an interception . BTW Fuck the Steelers 
WHO THE FUCK IS #56 he made the touchdown saving tackle on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > WTF 
SOOOO I just looked at my grades in my class and I just found out that I turned in 3 assignments and my teacher somehow never got them . 
Wondering how I got this cheetah , My < PROPMALE > pile , my sky whip . Cause I'm fffaaaassstttt !!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Black ..... he'll teach YOU how to Dougie !!! 
Wow so the jets have given up 45 points and there is like 9 minutes left . I hope the jets lose the rest of there games 
729 - One of my best friends(i dont have many ) , I can trust you with anything . I mean there is nothing that i can say that you dont already know . 
7777777 One of the coolest , fairest people I have haad the pleasure to met . You are fully of wisdom and have helped me alot with the things that you have told about . I cant wait to see what the next year brings . 
Woke up to my GF watching the New BeyBlade Metal fusion and wondering what the hell happened to good TV show and how do they turn a good show into something this lame .... 
So who is trying to play football on sunday ?? 
One final down one more to go then one to the next two classes and a huge step towards getting that degree 
Just finished final number two and it took forever . well 153 minutes , I could have watched like half of Inception by now lol . But its all good cause soon I will have two more classes to ace and 2 more finals to sweat over . 
So I guess no one is trying to play football on sunday 
< PROPFIRST > Phelps : Push Limit comes out May 5 , 2011 . I wonder if its about smoking weed lmao 
Wow the New York football GIANTs SUCK . Lost there game in 5 seconds lmao 
Did the JAGs really think that they had a < PROPMALE > of winning lmao poor poor JAGs and JAGs fans . Just cause Manning did bad for a few weeks doesnt mean he cant beat the JAGs lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone Have fun times ripping open gifts 
As much as I hate to say it Vick should not get the MVP this year , he really hasnt dont as much as the other top 10 QBs in the league . If they dont give < PROPMALE > the MVP there is something wrong . Cause looking at the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has 34tds and 4 INTs which is the best in the league . 
Can you believe this shit a motherfuckin Chipolte burrito almost took me out today . I was just sittin there eating my burrito and then I was having trouble breathing and swallowing food then I realized that my throat was all swollen ...... I blame Big < PROPMALE > and the Steelers !! They tryna take me out . 
Who dat say they gonna beat dem Saints ???? Well the 7-9 Seahawks thats who 
NNOOOOOOOO !!!! DONT DO IT < PROPMALE > !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > yea I am watching TNA and I am wondering why I have seen better in BEWA and they are the PROs well you know only in the fact that they are licensed to wrestle but not so much as what is showed on tv 
LETS GO GREEN BAY !!!!! 
Damn why couldn't the Ravens get < PROPFIRST > Singletary as our linebacker coach . 
\I reject the Challenge cause he is no challenge ! But I will be more then happy to beat up on him some more . Always said he was nothing .... \"" 
Todays news fact : 10% of Steelers revenue comes from Bin Laden and al-Qaeda so if you support the Steelers then you support Terrorism and are not american 
OMG i live like 400 feet from my job and on my way home I help 4 people that were stuck in the snow . All before I got home . 
Solo Super Bowl 
is anyone trying to play some football sunday hit me up . already got a few people that are going to play 
Very surprised about how good this WWE Divas match is so far 
ALL my dreams just came true on Raw THE Rock is back 
OMG I THINK I WILL CRY if they give me Rock and Cena 
So how can you turn the biggest face in the WWE heel BRING back the biggest SUPER FACE OF ALL TIME 
Just a thought WHEN YOU ARE PUMPING GAS GET THE FUCK OFF THE PHONE !!!!! 
So i have watched raw for an hour and have yet to see one wrestling match 
Sooooo yea that was like a whole 20minutes of filler ...... damn WWE what happened to the wrestling or are we just going to parade more attitude < PROPFEMALE > superstars around for no reason 
\Dieing's for Fools \"" 
So I am watching Muarry and just found out that \it is hard to be a single mother especially being a single mother with out the baby's father \"" 
So I just got in and turned on Raw only to see that they were in that shit hole known as Shitsburgh , PA and almost threw up 
So I just found out that Satan is using the metro as a tool to play on our ingnorance . I guess thats good to know . So does this also go along with the rapture on May 25th 
So i guess the rock can oversell anymore aand he almog for got how to do that DDT 
So since when did the pizza man not ask you if you wanted your change and just keeps it for a tip ? 
DAMNIT TAKER DAMNIT . Should have just stayed down . 
WTF !!!!!! NO NO NO REALLY WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT !!! Morrison didnt even wrestle 
