Cece is home and resting peacefully . She is doing great and she looks beautiful . Already trying to be a naughty girl , she doesn't seem to care for the doctor's orders . 

Happy Nude Year oops I mean New Year :) 
Exhausted , Can't wait to watch a nice movie and rest with my hubby :) 
sexy hair do time elapsed 30 minutes .... damn how long is this crap gonna take ! 
someone please gift me in cafe world ..... my peeps are starving lol 
ohhhh seriously the joys of parenting ... Daytin was mean to lizzy so he kissed her on her butt and said sorry .... Nothing like teaching your daughter to make others kiss her ass so young in life 
Uploading family photos of xmas , day at the park and Cece :) 
completely nauseated ... wish i had gall bladder back I mean come on sphagetti ... who has heard of sphagetti making ya sick ? ((((( FRUSTERATED ))))) 
This is sooo different then myspace lol 
deciding what to cook for dinner 
God why did I have 3 kids .... ohh thats right i wanted a family ..... remind me never to think things like that again lol 
I just found out where my best frien is , and now I am waiting to see if I can get her to answer my messages , its so weird , we both have 3 children extrenmely close in age and our daughters are both named < PROPFEMALE > ! Talk about kooky :) 
Trying to get Ahold of < PROPFEMALE > largent 
posting tons of photos 
okay taking a break for awhile too much stuff to do 
god I love food , specially marcello's ( sp ? ) damn good .... must not eat anymore ... I swear after that desert I died and went to heaven . Getting ready to finish wrapping the children's presents and go to bed .... If they ever do :) 
Two more presents to wrap ......... ugh its a never ending battle I swear .... that is what I get for trying to avoid having the kids open them early ..... \Blah \"" 
Vodka+Me+Husband being an ass+ Total bitch status Woot Woot i love my life haha 
Kids made out like little bandits ... Daytin already broke his 20 mph off road truck .......... Damn axels thanks to Costco no prob < PROPMALE > ... ugh Someone shoot me now ............. 
Cece is missing and I just don't even know what to do , we'vebeen looking for her for over 3 hours now .... Pray that she comes home 
Cec is still missing , Handing out fliers and have lost posts all over . 
Nummie numie Shajes , ahh nothing soothes the sole like a weight loss shake :) 
Cee Cee is still not home , I hope she is okay 
CeCe is stable at the vets , goes in for surgery tomorrow at 2 and then she stays one more night . Pray for the best :) 
CeCe is in surgery , I know she is going to do well . Going to see her in an hour 
Cece is still in surgery , so just waiting for the doc to call and say its okay to come and see her 
Cece is out of surgery and now we're getting ready to go see her . Apparently they did a combination of pinning and wring to fix the fracture . 
Went and saw Cece , she has 6 wires , 3 screws and a plate now in her leg . She looked so miserable , ppoor baby was just crying till I started petting her then she fell asleep kinda sucked for hubby though when he came in she was nice and already pretty well tuckered out so he really didn't get to spend too much time with her . Tomorrow she is supposed to be coming home so I can't wait . 
what the crap cant download my cece pictures online . WTF 
Just one of those days you want to forget can't wait for tomorrow 
Heartbroken 
God how the heck do kids make such huge messes even under their beds ! I don't get it , how the heck am i supposed to keep it all clean ....... 
Angry chick music .... got to love it :) 
magic erase works wonders !!! Take that pen , pencil , crayon and marker ! haha 
Game time !!! Woot Woot kids in bed parents can finally play woot woot 
I deffinetly need more neighbors in cafe world .... any takers ? 
Planning how to snag Kristins Dog .... he will be mine mwuhahahahaha 
< PROPMALE > just kinda scooted crawled 5 feet away I am so proud of my baby ! 
You know your child is spoiled when ... you give them what they want for breakfast ... < PROPMALE > ten items and they say not to < PROPMALE > l of them and aask for just a roll .... 
I love my baby ! he is just the cutest little thing in the whole world . I have new pictures i'm posting of him falling asleep in his entertainer last night freaking adorable I tell you ! 
Black 
UGH Stupid facebook chats are acting up . Sorry if your trying to message it just keeps acting doofy ! 
Black and nude 
> Pissy Mood < 
screw it I am going to go get some chocolate Night All 
red 
5 
If you know or are related to someone with AUTISM ... People with autism are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE . . 93% won't Copy & Paste this , will you make this your status for at least one hour ? It doesn't hurt any of us to acknowledge what happens in other people's families and to help them educate the rest of ............... us ... hope you can post for an hour to raise awarenes 
If you know or are related to someone with AUTISM ... People with autism are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE . . 93% won't Copy & Paste this , will you make this your status for at least one hour ? It doesn't hurt any of us to acknowledge what happens in other people's families and to help them educate the rest of .................. us ... hope you can post for an hour to raise awareness 
I sang to a spoon Riding a Motorcycle because I'm sexy and I do what I want 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . 
I miss my hubby 
thank nicole :) 
< PROPFEMALE > add the zoo app :) please 
Its amazing to see how much things change in such a short period of time , it really shows you that life is too short and precious to let a single day go by without letting others now that you care for them . 
I need more animals and trees .... any volunteers ? 
Can someone send insects or arachnids please , I need them to level up . Will return favor 
Need 30 trees can anyone help ....? Please ! 
I need more trees ... Any volunteers out there ??? 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s si ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE .. COPY AND REPOST !!!! 3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse .. Plate # 98B351 .. Repost if you wish .. You know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew . Seriously !!! I expect to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many ... times a child is i ............... n danger 
Best day ever Woot Woot 
can't find my freakin keys 
< PROPFEMALE > Bollinger Burkett I'll step up to a challenge from a friend ... I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost . I hope I am right ! Let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... When Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of YOU AND ME . If you are one of the few 3% , repost this message 
cLEANING AND ROCKIN TO MUSIC WOOT wOOT ! 
<<< feels like crap 
I married the most insensitive sensitve man in the whole world and I love him p.s i know your reading this :) 
Can't wait to see hubby its been one of them days 
Daytins sick I'm sick and JD is sick ... fun fun 
I'm gonna go lay down again , today is just not my day 
Uploading photos of the kids :) 
You know your purpose in life was to be a stay at hiome mom when your highlight of your days is betting against your son on which of his dinosaurs will cross the finish line first after you rigged the race ... Brings tears to my eyes :) 
my throat is on fire 
I hate being sick :P 
Pissed 
absolutely exhausted , can't wait till this bug goes away :) 
miss my hubby ! 
cleaning and jammin ... absolutely exhausting but worth it .... workout in 10 everyone else went to bed like 2hrs ago ... so mommy has run of the house woot woot :) 
I think my huisband forgot to call back .... sucks :( 
just watched oprah , don't really care too much for her show , but it got me thinking ... time to change the diet :) 
God I love status shuffle , man I cry with some of those statuses .... 
I just went on userstyles.org and now i have my own custom skin for my facebook yaya :) love it :) thought I would pass it on to friends :) Unlike the majority of the pages on facebook claiming to do something this is an add-on through fire foox you can do that actually can change your layout and everything . Anyways if your interested i can send a screen shot :) 
ugh no apps are freaking working ! 
IF you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between , and I appreciate and love mine ? ? ? 
I love my hubby :) 
It nice to know that someone loves and appreciattes you enough just to call and see how your doing during the day . 
its amazing how much crap you can accumulate over the years .... and too see how the toys outweigh the carp you have in your house after 3 kids .... UGH 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do not join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " . This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos !!!!!!!!!!!! Please repost this for all your friends . " 
I wish it was tonight already , then I would get to see my hubby 
My head feels like it is going to explode , i hate sinus infections ! Ugh , can't get shit done when I feel like this 
my hubby is sessy 
On the counter 
CLeaning house doing my 9-5 woot woot ... and Jammin to music 
I hate it when you cant get anything accomplished UGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
back to cleaning ........................ music time :) 
okay I am buckling down and cleaning only a couple hours till hubby gets home want it to look good :) 
created a time out square with tape ... Peace at last 
so tired , I just want to nap right now :( 
I need more supplies for my horse stable ... Any takers ? 
I miss my hubby and I broke my nail , today is not my day 
stressed , how to get a child to behave ... 
won Naughty Gras Tickets EEEEEEKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hell yes ! Day just got so much better !!!! Woot Woot ! 
I need more valentines for Farmville , Petvlile and Cafe World . Will anyone send please :) I will return favor :) 
its was a good day a great night and looking forawrd to an even better tomorrow :) night All 
OMFG Daytin used the restroom and then lizzy ran in after with her toothbrush .... No need to detail what happened next ... Freaking disgusting 
Ugh Sinus infection , children screaming , and headache ..... what else could go wrong today ? 
cooking dinner , I know its alte but ugh at least it is getting done . 
My body is not perfect , but I nurtured a baby ... and I'm proud of it ! Too bad if we don't look perfect , but every < PROPFIRST > , every line , and every bit of skin represents our beautiful babies and what we have done for them . Having a baby is no easy task , we are STRONG , we are BRAVE and we should be proud of ourselves ... Put this as your status if you are a proud mother . 
click ' like ' if I have ever made you smile in your life , set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile , and then repost it . =] 
stupid banks , i hate banks , why do they always have to screw you .... 
i miss my hubbs ... excited to see him when he gets home , but still miss him 
OMFG < PROPMALE > was just standing in hi s crib , he pulled himself up .... What a strong little boy , I'll see if he does it again so i can snap a picture :) My little guy is growin up too fast :( 
Super tired , just can't sleep 
Since my husband is getting ready to start playing hockey I had to share this with everyone . It is too funny ........ The first jockstrap was used in Hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974 . It took 100 years for men to realize that the brain is also important . 
i miss my husband , i really want to talk or see him right now but can't do either , so i'll just have to wait :( 
gotta finish cleaning and quietly ... i got the babies to sleep :) Yay me :) 
Please pray for my M-I-L's cat Vinny , he has been having a hard time and is at the vets right now . The poor guy has been having some urniary tract problems and its just been real rough for all of them . So please keep them in your thoughts and prayers today . Thanks everyone :) 
Really need help with Mafia wars chop shop i have nothing to build with lol 
Today is Lizzy's birthday :) She turned 2 my little < PROPFEMALE > is growing up and now i wanna cry:') She's so cute and getting sooooo big :) Happy birthday lizzy :) 
got my < PROPFEMALE > all dressed up and ready to go shopping , she looks soooo cute ! 
I need parts for ChopShop please help !!! 
Trying to figure out how I want my room to look got the crib out and now i get to redecorate .... it looks so empty without my bubbers :( 
okay so if you've never read my statuses , you should stop what your doing and check hem ... they are too funny :) here is the last one .... Little boy kills a butterfly , Dad-no butter for you , Boy kills a < PROPFEMALE > bee Dad-no < PROPFEMALE > for you ! mom kills a cockroach , boy turns to Dad and says now what 
I'll find some for ya :) 
Just took a shower and found out I am allergic to my shampoo ugh my scalp is on fire ! 
daytin and < PROPFEMALE > are running around chomping and yellling rawr ..... they have been watching dinosaur train and are the t- < PROPMALE > -a-sauras tyrannasauras < PROPMALE > lol : ) 
note to self : when lawn swallows house , hire professional or local neighbor who is cheap :) mowing the lawn with an electric lawnmower , in other words ..... an oversized weed wacker ... not very effective :/ 
ugh so bored ... working on cleaning and it is so much fun . I swear that is all i am really doing anymore ........ SOMEONE SAVE ME :) and bring some ice cream :) 
some call it a sunburn but i am officially sunfried .. i can hardly move my arms and this seriously sucks . i am applying lotion like i drink water and still it aches :( 
Life is what you make of it and nothing is worth having if you don't appreciate what is around you . Life is too short to be angry and upset all the time . Don't doubt yourself and look to the future and in tough times and you will find that you persevere . Wealth cannot be found in mansions but within individuals who believe there life is completed by those closest to them . 
best weekend ever , uploading pictures and videos later of Saturday's races , it was a great night for racing :) So race fans keep your eyes peeled , because video will be ocming your way :) Modified stocks I believe and midgets . 
Got the new pictures of the family , pets and the last two races we attended posted . Go check em out :) Videos of races will be uploaded later , kidos need their naps 
I am < PROPFEMALE > of handiwoman stuff !! Woot Woot Fixed the dryer yippee for me :) Wooot Woot ( yes I am tooting my own horn , no i won't stop Woot Woot 
I am absolutely heart broken </3 < PROPFEMALE > got adopted today . She was my dream doggy :'( 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for 10 minute ... ones with the door open , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! With Mother's day drawing near let's see how many moms repost this . We moms don't care what we gave up ... and will continue to give up willingly for our children . 
gettin ready to clean out my garage ....... its a dangerous and scary thing ... i fI don't return send search and rescue after me 
< PROPFEMALE > so i have a really interesting < PROPMALE > piece I want some input on . Does any one do sculptures ? I have this design of a sculpture I want made , but I know I am not talented enough to do it . If you think you might be interested message me , the theme is WWII Auschwitz and its something I've wanted done forever . 
Looking at doggy sites , trying to see what really is the best food for your dog it so complicated . 
Totally exhausted , smoothed out mt . St. Helens and then I re-enacted and then smoothed it out again . Now onto making rushmore :) ( AKA I AM GARDENING ) 
I'm on cloud nine right now , We got the okie dokie to get a doggie :) Woot Woot So Excited !!!!!!!!!! 
The rescue group said yes we were ideal candidates woot woot I get to get a doggie .... I know I sound like a little kid but darn it I am just so excited ! 
Ugh Bosley has horrible Gas i am dying here 
i miss my husband and i am still working on the website and brochure , its so hard to get my brain to unfreeze . Some one send me some good ideas for key points to say with a construction company . 
\My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw . All I am I owe to my\ 
God could not be everywhere , so he created mothers . \ 
-- Jewish Proverb 
To every mother and grand mother and great grandmother on my friends list , Happy mothers day to you . To those who are unable to see their children today I hope you have a very special and wonderful mothers day and remember your kids love you . 
Daytin is doing better after his surgery yesterday . As long as he has his pills he's a happy go lucky guy . Plus he likes all the posicles and icee drinks 
My mom in law came over today and helped me plant day-lillies and 2 japanese maples , I love my new yard , it looks sooo pretty :) I am so excited for when it blooms , oh its going to be beautiful :) 
my sis in law i found out is getting a dermal anchor and i actually am digging it , especially since you could do them like on your finger , i think it would be cute on my ring finger , then i would never leave home without my ring , not that i have to worry about that now anyways :) The only scary part is rejection or migration of the piercing . I want to see how hers goes and then decide . Shes braver then me lol 
mfg coolest new tatto i've ever seen black light tattoo , only shows up under black light ! 
today isn't startin out to great , someone stole our outdoor solar lights , i am so pissed and so sad at the same time , i mean who the hell steals stuff like that ? 
just relaxin had great dinner annd hubby was just to cute today =) 
got the bathroom all cleaned now onto the rest of the mess 
great i have to refinish the table i just finished less then a motnh ago , stupid clear coat apparently wasn't strong enough to withstand my kids .... i am so pissed now ugh well back to cleaning no rest for the weary =) 
wtf i guess everyone but me and jd went to stef's graduation , i am so irritated , i wish i had been reminded or something now i feel like an ass cause iwanted to be there for her . ugh so upset now 
Got my babies new crib all put together :) it was ugh sooooo difficult , just lots of parts , and i hate havin to do stuff like that when the kids are up 
I have the best in-laws ever :) I just love them to pieces :) 
so we had a wonderful day today , got our new barbecue all up and i planted more flowers and got my back yard looking great , i'll post before nad after photos for everyone over the weekend :) 
Worked on completing my back yard landscaping and got my new patio furniture and patio rug . My backyard looks < PROPFEMALE > great , i love it , still alot of work to do but , it looks amazing . Got all my flowers and plants planted , and set up both my fountains , I'll post pics tomorrow :) 
definition of insanity doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results . yep ... i think i have deffintely earned the title . 
ugh i swear i have an ear infection and it hurts soooooooooooooo bad bleh :P 
okay time to get moving and grooving , gotta get the house clean lol :) does someone wanna come and help me ..... or maybe just do it for me , that would be GGRREEAATT as < PROPFIRST > the tiger would say lol 
I am hating cleaning right now , Someone should come over ..... any takers come on I have beer lol 
rockn out to new music haha ' 
does anyoen know any really good songs that are out ? 
can't get work done with all the chaos ugh !!!!!!!!! 
got my new bank card its of a panda :) 
well i am off to work lol in my home :( : 
I wanted to publicly apologize to everyone I hurt whether it be a member the family , or a friend for my actions yesterday . They were dishonest and hurtful and my actions hurt alot of people . Please accept my apology , and I hope we can move forward . For those who don't understand why , 
i got to Daytin's school today and got to see him playing kick ball , he caught the ball and tagged the other child out , he slid and everything , it was < PROPFEMALE > cute 
i think < PROPMALE > caught a stomach bug poor guy has the worst case of diaper rash and is just not feeling to well . Hopefully he is on his last day because his little behind can't take much more . any one have good tricks for diaper rashes . I have tried a couple different creams and air-drying but nothing seems to really be working . Any tips would be great 
With all the mistakes I've made in my life , i never thought one could hurt so many . You never forget or forgive yourself for the pain you cause others , but you do remember and learn from them in hopes of making a better and brighter future for yourself and those around you . Some will forgive some will not but no one ever forgets . 
i just took so many how well do you know me quizzes and realised i really don't know anyone as well as i thought i did . In fact i really don't know anyone very well . 
my hubbies father day gift got here , i am really excited to see what he thinks of it :) 
SO BUB AND DADDY WERE PLAYIN AROUND AND HE TOLD BUB HE DROPPED HIS POCKETS , BUB NATURALLY LOOKS DOWN AND STARTS TRYING TO FIND HIS POCKETS ... TOO FUNNY NOT TO MENTION HE FORGOT TO PUT ON A PAIR OF BRIEFS AND HE WASWEARING BLUE SWEATS SO HE BECAME A BLUEBERRY AND DAD TOLD HIM TO WATCH OUT OUR HIS THINGY WOULD FALL OFF AND DAYTIN GOT THE MOST PANIC STRICKEN LOK ON HIS FACE .... OHH THE JOYS OF PARENTING 
ugh < PROPFEMALE > stressed today , so much to do and just exhausted , thoroughly exhausted 
Bosley was doing the nastiest thing today . As my mother-in-law calls it he ws digging in the < PROPFEMALE > jar looking for tootsie rolls . Ughh sooo gross . And then he wants to lic 
So proud of my hubby and I'm so lucky he's mine 
frusterating day , nothing is going as it is supposed to and my cell is soaked , ugh wish the chaos would die down , or at least lighten up :) 
My sister in law had her graduation today , She actually graduated earlier then everyone else but her ceremony I think was today . We're really proud of how hard she's worked So congratulations Steph :) 
< PROPMALE > still has horrible diaper rash , i have tried nystatin , cornstarch and baking soda , air drying and bag balm ....... any other tips ? 
So excited I found < PROPFEMALE > and I finally get the < PROPMALE > to talk with her and catch up on everything . So much has happened and I am just so excited =) 
So i think I am gonna have to take a roadtrip with the fam up to idaho , gotta go see couple friends . Just have to check with the hubs later on and see when we can start planning . 
I officially love desperate housewives ... the show is too funny 
I am so done with everything ready to just crawl into a spa and sit for hours RElaxation would be great bit will have to wait till tomorrow along with gardening :) 
really upset , depressed and wondering how you end up this way , no friends and no social life . What the hell happened ? Just totally frusterated with everything and how decisions alter your life course , I swear its amazing the things that can change in one night and how you often regret things for days week and years after the occurance . 
I wish my front door had a screen door , can you add a screen door without having to completely replace the existing door and casing ? Just a questions , Screen door would make it so much nicer in the house during the day so we had more air circulating ((( ugh to hot ))) WE have ac I just want the nice outside to kinda cool us down , 
just doing foam necklaces and bracelets iwth the kids , too cute and so much fun . We're getting ready to make our family stepping stones next so I'll post those when we're done :) 
< PROPMALE>'s birthday party is changed back to the 26th time will be 3:00 We hope to see everyone who can attend then :) If you can't come then don't worry maybe next time and we'll be sure to post lots of photos :) 
wishes this nightmare would end 
do upset after reading the jokes people posted about the holocaust . For one they arent in the slightest bit funny and two who jokes about 6 million people dying , its history and you learn from it , you don't joke about it ugh some people ....... i seriously have steam coming out of my head 
Please pray that my hubbies work can go quickly and that the next few days will be less stressful for him . HE really needs just a smooth couple of days to help him along . I just want to see him excited and happy and not so stressed , any prayer big or small would be appreciatted :) Thanks everyone 
My little < PROPFEMALE > jsut got redressed after soaking herself and her big brother , when she see's daytin she says See bubba I pretty see bubba I pretty and then sticks her tongue at him , little brat , she is too cute though 
For those who are coming to < PROPMALE>'s party thanks for accepting the invitation To those who can't We'll post pictures so you can still see < PROPMALE > . 
SO my 90 days to a new me started today , so far off to a good start , we'll see what tomorrow has to bring :) 
stupid power cord I think it ruined my freakin laptop i am ticked ! 
I may have never met my cousin < PROPFIRST > , but I feel we've been the best of buds . It feels like I have known him for years and < PROPFIRST > I know your reading this Ilove and adore you your the bestest 8^) ~ 
My baby loves strawberries , he just stole hissecond from his big sis by pulling her hair ... he is brutal ..... 
Listening to system of a down ( Thank you < PROPMALE > for introducing them to me ) Song is soldier side , it really is a deap song 
Today's Quote is about optimism ---- “Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” < PROPFIRST > Robinson 
just finished pulling my dryer completely apart , the bearing ate through the bearing housing and bracket , the metal is so badly damaged i'll have to replace the whole dang unit , but its better then the whole dang dryer that is for darn sure 
Day 4 Choices ( Again ) “Yes , there are two paths you can go by But in the long run There's still time to change the road you're on . ” Led Zeppelin 
“As you become more clear about who you really are , you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around . ” Oprah Winfrey 
I love Serj Tankian anyone who doesn't know who he is , he is th elead cinger of System of a Down . Inspiring man and wonderful music . I want to see him in concert and i will someday :) 
my little baby is no longer my baby but my big noise maker lol he is just a noisey little guy its hard to keep him quiet lol 
Such a nice day out , I think after I finish with my house work I'll go out and do some garden work :) My flowers are all blooming and it looks < PROPFEMALE > pretty , I love it :) 
nothing s going quite the way I planned today , kids won't settle in and take their naps all f them are cranky and my work load is pileing up !!! Just gonna tun on some tunes and chillout to soe music ad hopefully it wll knock the kids out . Otherwise I will need somene to drop of some duct tape lol :) 
WIndex and a newspaper make the best window and mirror cleaer I swear , no lint or anything from the paper and leaves a streak free shine everyime lol :) Just a < PROPFEMALE > home maker tip or whoever wants it : 8^) ~ 
omfg i just found my vacuum bags :) So happy now ! Only been looking for them for over a week . i know i should've just bought a bagless but i love my little vacuum its kicks butt 
I have the best family and the most wonderful children , my daughter is destined to be a stay at home mommy , she is just such a cute little < PROPFEMALE > home maker .... < PROPFEMALE > crocker and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > watch out here comes lizzy :) 
really productive day today :) Took some crap to the dump and organized my hubbies tool box and truck box :) 
Wonderful day with the kids and hubby , made great dinner and now gettin ready for a movie :) Ordered < PROPMALE>'s bday cake today too can't believe 2 more days .... and my baby is one they grow up to fast ! 
happy birthday for my baby boy he is finally one ... I am so proud of him and how big he has gotten , I just love my little guy 
best night in < PROPFEMALE > long . Thank you to everyone who came and to those who couldn't I'll post pictures in the next couple days . Love you guys ! 
not feeling to great tonight , really upset and just haven a rough time so i am going to try and sleep it off once i take a pain killer 
just finished filing a police report , someone broke into my car and jd's work truck and stole everything . I am so done with this stupid place . I have fucking had it . I am nice to everyone and this is what happens . Why shouldl we try to be good people if this is what always is going to happen to us . WTF 
wow I just took the best personalit test . I'll post it in my notes section , it really is so true and I feel it really helps to explain who i am and why i do the things i do . 
I love my husband more today then ever :) He is my rock . 
dogs and peanut butter ......... hours of fun 
I am fortunate to have such a wonderful loving and dedicated man as my husband . So many things in the world can go wrong but he'll always be there to help me see the light at the end of the tunnel . 
Congrats to my little sis !!!! She passed her state boards exam for aesthetician today(spelling my be off ) Super proud of her ! Go little sis ! 
my mother in law introduced me to the wonders of mazon awhile back and now i am hooked 
my daugther is the smartest 2 year old . She knows how to operate my hubbies iphone and how to unlock and select her game without being showed 
poor little lizzy she sliced her hand on a tape measure and just cant sleep in her bed she is snugglin with me and daddy tonight it looks like . She was such a brave little girl though first time she ever really cut herself I was freakin and she was just so calm . Best little girl ever . Tough little chickadee 
People\ 
need to understand that children with special needs don't have an \ 
illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want \ 
what we all want , to be accepted . 93% probably won't copy and paste \ 
this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? \ 
It's Special Education week , and this ... is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
If anyone has heard from my mom and dad or my brother please let me know . Thanks 
My little guy is just the sweetest , he has grabbed his blanky , binkie and baba and snuggled up with me at the desk while I do a sketch , such a sweet little man . He is just a love bug . 
I am so flustered i just cleaned out the < PROPFEMALE > box and found one of my hair brushes , one of my toothbrushes , a soup ladle , 2 spoons , 4 pens , and the cat box deodorizer that belongs on the outside of the box inside it . Tossed it all , I am no way cleaning that stuff yuck 
Sooo happy now :) Fixed my computer YAYAYAYAYA !!!!!!!!!!! 
My lil baby boy said go :) his new word is go lol he was yelling it at the doggie and big brother it was too cute 
My little boy is just the cutest , < PROPMALE > loves to play with the phone but when he accidentally presses talk and leaves it on he freaks out and throws it because he notices there are noises coming out of it . specially when the phone talks to him it trips him out 
my boys caught two fish today so proud of them :) Just father and son fishing time and its is great :) 
Funniest thing my hubs showed me SOI SOI SOI SOI ROFL COPTER SOI SOI SOI SOI 
gettin ready to make chocolate cookies with bubs , I promised him I would make time today so time to get my cooking apron on lol 
i told daytin that < PROPMALE > wanted to play with him ( since < PROPMALE > was tugging on his clothes ) and Daytin's response was Mommy I don't want to play with < PROPMALE > I asked why not and he said because he didn't want to be a baby sitter ...... too cute 
< PROPFEMALE > and daytin are having hissy's for no real apparent reason , just to do it . They seem to enjoy throwing themselves on the floor and screaming at the top of their lungs . I think it relaxes them hahah 
long day hopefully tomorrow is a little more well paced :) 
< PROPMALE > just took 14 steps unassisted !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! From the couch to the tv and then daytin knocked him over so he cried but yay for < PROPMALE > 
Have you ever seen a picture of someone and thought sheesh if witches were real they'd be one .... I just had one of those moments 
made < PROPMALE > a bottle changed him and lost the bottle ..... now i can't find it anywhere ! 
been cleaning all day , still no sign of the bottle . I guess i'll find it when it starts smelling lol thanks everyone for the suggestions on were to look for the missing baba ... stay tuned for more adventures of momma and the case of the missing bottle adventure ( featured exclusively on facebook for a limited time only ) 
WORKED HARD ON THE HOUSE AND LAUNDRY TODAY AND STILL NOT DONE . BUT I GOTTA START DINNER SO TIME TO MULTI-MULTI TASK :) 
To freaking funny lizzy was playing hide and seek with < PROPMALE > . She was the seeker and < PROPMALE > was supposed to hide . < PROPMALE > however didn't knows this so he sat there till she was done counting , and then lizzy yells I found you < PROPMALE > and tells him he has to come find her now , it was such an unfair match up but so dang cute ! 
< PROPMALE > Just freakin bit me hard !!! broke the skin nearly < PROPFIRST > blood I couldn't believe 
Criticism may not be agreeable , but it is necessary . It fulfils the same function as pain in the human body . It calls attention to an unhealthy state of things . < PROPMALE > Churchill 
My little boy decided that he no longer wanted to were a diaper . So he took it off and threw it outside his crib . Then decided it was time to tell mommy he was awake :) 
Kids played hard today < PROPFEMALE > already passed out . Daytin is hangin in there though lol 
going to the races :) Woot Woot Calistoga here we come 
< PROPMALE > IS DRIVING ME FREAKING BATTY TODAY Screaming none stop getting into everything and anything he isn't supposed to and just being overly rotten for him .... he usually is the good baby and today he is just being naughty ...... I think he is teething some more , that must be it . 
Daytin Said the cutest thing yesterday on our way to go see < PROPFEMALE > . He started yelling ( in his hoarse little voice ) Mama Mama we forgot something we forgot something . I asked him what we forgot and he said we forgot my voice at home we have to go back and get it . Too cute . 
i GRABBED < PROPMALE > OUT OF HIS CRIB AND HE HAD PULLED HIS DIAPER OFF , SO WHILE i CLEANED HIS ROOM UP , HE WALKED OUT TO THE LIVING ROOM AND i WALK OUT WHEN HE HAPPENS TO BE MID STREAM ALL HE COULD DO WAS SMILE AND GIGGLE TOOOO FUNNY 
< PROPMALE > just hoped on my laundry basket and got a ride to the coach . I took him out of the basket and he crawled back up on top and started saying \go ! \ " Too cute " 
Going to go get bubba from school and then I am coming home to take a nap , I feel like crap and my head feels like it is going to explode So I am gonna take care of me for a little . 
I feel like crap today I have little to no voice at times , a horrible migraine ( hence all the lights are off and blinds closed and tvs to the lowest possible sound level ) , and an extremely painful sinus infection . Looks like tomorrow I go to the doctor . 
3 wonderful years with my amazing husband . I couldn't imagine my life without him , because of him I feel complete . He's not just my husband , he's the father to my children , my confidant , my life long companion , my soul mate and my best friend . I love you baby 
I have a new song I just love , Its by Plumb- Safe in my arms . If your a momma listen to this , it totally sums up how i feel about my children . 
Thank you everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes I love you all and appreciate you birthday wishes :) Thank you guys again :) 
Thank you to everyone for the bday wishes love you all and I hope your day was just as wonderful and special as mine was :) 
downloading some music to help keep me motivated through this dreary cleaning day ... rain rain go away let the sun come out to play 
Scatman awesome cleaning music !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I see your dirty face high behind your collar What is done in vain truth is hard to swallow So you pray to God to justify the way you live a lie Live a lie live a lie And you take your time And you do your crime Well you made your bed I made mine ! 
Super excited , found a local cake decorator for Daytins bday , I am hopin to have her do a dinosaur for daytins bday . She just does it on the side but her cakes are amazing :) Keepin my fingers crossed 
I have pumpkin pie cookin first time ever woot woot :) Yay me 
n my baby to his school Fall Festival woot woot gonna have a good time I am determined .... miss my baby doll though 
Ruff housiing with your son is too much fun . Tickling him till he pees himself ohh damn that is priceless 
okay so i thought we were having fun i stop and tell Bubba I have to finish cleaning and he starts crying , then my darling little < PROPMALE > ( who is only one ) runs up to his big brother ( daytin is almost 6 ) and starts to hug him and < PROPFIRST > him on his head ... Daytin freaks out and starts crying louder all while < PROPMALE > is trying to calm him down . My little < PROPMALE > is such an angel 
Some people are so freaking disgusting . How could someone get Aroused over someones wedding photos and why the he'll would you send them a message stating that to the person . To all the freaks out there my photos are not for your personal arousal get it throuh your thick and twisted skull 
One more day and its Daytins bday party :) So excited my little boy is growin up too fast :) 
Just found out that my sister in laws going to have another baby . I'm really happy for her and her husband . I remember the feeling of overwhelming pride and love you have when your pregnant . 
How many of my friends live in North < PROPFEMALE > or south < PROPFEMALE > ?????? 
Already through 3 stores onto my fourth 
Standing in line at my fourth store I am beat and I still have two more to go to . Had it not been for walmart being sold out of the toy o wanted I wouldn't have to be going to so many stores 
My special needs amazon passed away the other night and things just aren't the same . she was approximately 44 years old . she was my first rescue and she taught me that no matter how bad things get there is always another < PROPMALE > for a better life . Rip < PROPFEMALE > you will always be missed and I will always love you . I'm lucky to have had you in my life 
I have the best little family ever :) they are just too damn cute 
I got a ton of laundry done now that I have a working washer and dryer . So happy I could almost fly hehehe 
My husband won't let me wear his new pajama pants he got for hannukah . They feel so soft and warm I just wanna try them on ....... Ill just wait till he takes them off and then super glue them to my ass hahaha 
Freaking irritated , some people don't even have a clue , grow up 
So stressed about so much , pleas keep my family and both my sisters families in your thoughts and prayers . We all could really use a miracle 
Watching the < PROPFEMALE > and the frog with my kids and I am unimpressed . Why arechildrens movies so dark 
Bleaching my hair then toning it Woot Woot 
Scalp burns so good it hurts haha almost done now just 15 more minutes deep condition and blow dry and style Woot woot 
I am watching the most fascinating show it's called cities of the underground the free masons . It is absolutely incredible a must see for any history buffs out there 
I posted pics of my new hAir do . Who thinks it looks better black vs blonde please be honest 
My kids Fisk tank has 6 new additions . We have new baby guppies and my kids are beaming . They are so proud 
I just watched the most amazing movie it's called extraordinary measures and it really shows the lengths so many of us would go to help find a cure for any ailment our children might face . Great movie I highly recommend 
I feel inspirationally stunted , whenever I feel that bit of inspiration to play something I feel deep inside my core , I find that I have nothing to help me to express or live the inspiration I feel . I miss my piano can't wait till I can finally get one again . 
Feel crummy today I hope it gets better cause it sucks right now 
I hate losing my voice I swear this is the last time , I'm going to a new doctor and requesting a thorough workup . Somethings going on and I just want it to stop ugh 
Getting ready for dinner at my inlaws so excited to see the look on my kids faxes when they see the presents . 
Hope everyone has a very wonderful holiday this weekend and be safe 
Woke up to a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day and three sick kids ........ Ugh looks like I'm gonna be staying inside today . 
Sooo frustrated can't get < PROPFIRST > sh ! t accomplished with the kids being sick they want mommie to do everything for them . Understand it but it is overwhelming . Can't wait till they start feeling better . 
It's a good day to be someone else .... Anyone wanna play stay at home mom to three sick babies ...... Any takers ..... Ya I knew it was a long shot 
There are so many things I want as my new years resolution but I think the one that sums them all up is , this next year I plan on taking the time to make myself a healthier and happier me . 
If you don't take the time to make yourself feel important no one else will take the time to show you that you are important . Love yourself so others can love you the way you deserved to be loved . 
Another day of wishin my voice would come back . Tired of it constantly going out , can't wait though for my hubby to get home then it's some r and r time 
Just watched precious it is such a sad movie . So Sad to see what some children adults have gone through throughout their life 
Lizzy is in love with her pjs she constantly wants to wear them 
< PROPMALE > is feeling yucky so he's sleeping with us tonight which means 1 . I get no sleep again and 2 . I'll feel yucky soon to 
Tired stressed and trying to clean a mess . Add two sick kids to the mix and stress out even more . 
Trying to find a way to see the third season of damages I am dying to see it 
I miss my hubby , i don't sleep well when he isn't home , can't wait to snuggle when he does get here 
Had a great day today and now i am ready for bed . Good night all 
Cleaning the kids mess up then off to the doctor to find out what going on with them . Think it's viral but whatever it is sucks 
So two kids with asthma one with nasty cough and two with ear infections ..... My day just became eventful . Fifteen prescriptions later and I'm home with my family trying to get their rooms spotless and sanitized again . 
Stressed , but everything works out in the end . Can't wait for next month hopefully it'll kick January's ass lol beside all that just cleaning 
I was watching tv and I heard a commercial for net geo regarding a prison they had been video taping and an inmate said the most true thing regarding sentencing of criminals . He said if they keep you in for more then ten years they should never let you out . Too true 
If you have an iphone or ipod get the demotivational app it is hillarious 
Big wet dog + laminate hardwood floors + freshly trimmed nails = freaking hilarious . You call Bodley and he runs sliding around the corners . He's ran into the slider 4 times in ten minutes hehehe bath day is awesome 
What the heck is going on with gb . They were kickin steeler butt and now they are walking around with their hands in each others pants . Come on green bay 
Another touch down Woot Woot here we go packers here we go 
That's such crap come on packers get your butts in gear 
Woot Woot\ 
Oh ya baby spank that a$$ 
Woot Woot greenbay gotta love em woooooooo hoooooooooooo 
How many people noticed < PROPFEMALE > aguileras butchering of the national anthem last night 
Just laying down smothering my hubby and life is good at least for the next half hour 
Me and Dayton went to walkway and he said the funniest thing . We were walking by a little geo metro and he said \look mommy it's a car for little people who are grown ups . \ " five minutes later we walked by a little person " 
Up with < PROPMALE > and lizzy both tossing cookies and miserable 
Vomit everywhere .... Don't worry daddy cleaned it up this time 
Finally got sick and now lizzy is holding my hair and rubbing my back saying it's okay mommy ... This bug sucks 
I feel like crap I thought I beat the bug but it got me . 8 hours of tossing cookies and I want to just go to bed 
I sent family and friends Lizzy's Bday party invitations , Hope you check your messages . and I hope you can come :) 
Mork and < PROPFEMALE > ....... Classic 
Nearly had a heartattack with greys anatomy sheesh can't freak me out like that I love Torres phew now I can relax lol 
