Got my < PROPFIRST > Benatar tickets today and am on cloud nine no matter how many times I go she rocks !!!!!!!! 

I just got a < PROPFIRST > Benatar Tshirt from her first tour on ebay !!!!! Im thinking Im gonna wear it to the concert see if I can get signed !! 
Happy Birthday Davey ! I Love U ! 
Found out Im not the only < PROPFIRST > Benatar fan in the family , feeling like I belong !!! 
Everyone I am not obsessed Im vain and I think I look pretty damn good in this picture !! LOL 
Everyone I am not obsessed Im vain and I think I look pretty damn good in this picture !! 
Gray skies are gonna clear up , put on happy face , spead sunhine all over the place when u put on a happy face !!!!!!!!! 
OMG everyone I just signed onto Family Link and was infected with a virus named Heuristic ! Luckily I have Nortons but beware , I didn't click on anything I had just opened the link from facebook and was loading the 1st < PROPFEMALE > still !! 
Happy to have a husband who loves me , awesome kids , a whole bunch of new family members , and the ones who have been there all my life and for all my friends . Thank You All for putting up with me ! 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ????? 
Im sorry if me reposting that on my status offended anyone . In my neighbor there are many homeless mostly elderly who sleep on the sidewalk , there are people at most intersections who are asking for handouts and its only getting worse with the jobless rate at record highs and the foreclosures leaving families homeless . We are heading for a depression and somethings got to be done . 
Im at pick a part with my husband wondering why he wanted me here Ive got to be the most annoying person to bring ! Now that I have a new car theres nothing for me to hunt for , so I just stand here bored off my ass wondering if my crops are dying ! 
Tonights < PROPFIRST > Benatar YAAAAAAAAAH ! But being me I almost missed it ! For the last six months Ive had it stuck in my head that Friday was the 15th ! It wasnt tell Tuesday that I actually said hey if todays the 13th hows Friday the 15th ? DDDUUUHHH ! Only me people only me !! 
Off to grandmothers house I go 
I wish I never would of started playing Farmville cuz now Im freakin obsessed and I should be doing other things , like the laundry !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > u r awesome Thank You so much for helping me complete that job !! 
< PROPMALE > we have a problem , tropical storm < PROPFEMALE > is approaching with alarming speed and should make contact by August 1 so yall better get ready !! 
They say a true friend can go long periods of time \ 
without speaking and never question their friendship . These friends \ 
pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it \ 
has been or how far away they live . REPOST if you are blessed to \ 
have at least one of these true friends . ( You know who you are out \ 
......... there ! ) 
Ok Im guess today Im just on one cuz I gotta get this off my chest ! To all those who join my coops thank you ! The more the merrier , but to all the freeloaders , WTF ! Can u at least pretend to help ? It really pisses me off when I see someone in my group growing peas when the job is for cranberries ! And the two of u know who u are ! Do it again and Ill just quit ! 
Wanna talk about ironic , I love shoes have a million pairs , but just dont like to wear them often . So I go out to check the mail barefoot as usual and Ill be a mother fucker if I dont step on not one but TWO fuckin bees !!! Oh well at least I have an excuse as to why I cant keep packing now and can play on facebook in peace ! LOL 
OMG guess what everyone < PROPFIRST > BENATAR yes my < PROPFIRST > Benatar is gonna be in < PROPMALE > on AUG 13 !!!!! Theres my sign , Im doing the right thing !! LOL 
Thanking God Im married to someone that loves me enough to work his ass off to take care of me no matter how much I run up all the bills ! 
No freakin way I never posted anything about a ipad !! Someone must of hacked my account !! Im in the land of dial up for the next few weeks so I basically wont be on ! But I am for sure changing my password ! 
Ok I am having < PROPMALE > withdrawal pains from facebook ! I miss my fish my farms and all my treasures ! Oh and a couple of my friends too ! LOL Anybody miss me ? If no then your not one of the ones I was talking about HA ! I guess I could just sit here and read what everyone else is up to but Im way to self absorbed for that kinda shit ! 
YAAAAAAAA ! Im back online ! Hows everyone doing ? 
Oh wow that lasted all but 2 sec . Now the att man is shutting me down for a < PROPFEMALE > 
What can I say its Labor Day weekend so Im drunk ! 
Depeche Mode rocks Im watching dm 86-98 and loving it !! 
Got my hair cut today short !!! well for me anyway 
only 24 more days and Ill be home !!! 
maybe less Ive been drinkin alot since I got to Texas so I dont know but Ill be there by the 25 
oh and then its off to Washington 
Hey all my Cali friends guess whose gonna be home for a week ? Yes its me next week ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Im gonna be staying at a casino by u would love to see u 
Yes people Im staying at a casino so lets see how broke my ass is when I get back to Texas 
Im home finally but in pain my jaw is so bruised from them taking out my wisedom teeth ! I look like a bruised chipmunk LOL 
All my Rowdy friends have settled down 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
If your mom is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mom . I Love You Mom !! 
OMG Im like 40 freaking yrs old now !! LOL 
Thank you everyone for my birthday wishes I had a wonderful day ! Drank , gambled and ate , and most importantly didnt lose my ass at the slots ! LOL 
Hello fellow farmers I need ducks if u can thanks so much 
Ok so my husband is a good bowler ( usually ) but Ive gotten pretty good myself and just kicked his ass 4/4 games so Im joining a league cuz I rock !!! 
going to < PROPFEMALE > on Monday and Im freaked out since my husband had a dream I crashed and fuckin told me about it !!! 
