I need a picture . I don't have a webcam , and I've got two crappy ones on my phone . 

Got to love it when people bail out on your plans - guess I'm doing nothing . 
I want to bring one of those rolly backpacks to school - just to see how everyone would react . 
Yay , haircut . 
Eww , the sun's outside . 
48/80 on a practice AP Exam . Ouch . Guess I'm studying , damn it . 
Giannaaa , take a picture with me :( 
Mmm , white castle ... 
They really just need to make it possible to hide fan pages on your news feed . 
Right , I'm going to see what the big deal about this Glee thing is and start from the first episode ... 
Doing another AP Packet . Just how I imagined spending my spring break . 
Damn . Just woke up now . 
Does anyone want to explain to me what doublethink is ? Because Bowman's examples and the internet's examples sure do contradict . 
I need to go to a dim sum place sometime ... 
Why doesn't Arizona just make it so you have to get some sort of pass from the govt . y proving legal presence ( social security ) which would be required to apply for a job ? Honestly , it looks like they just took the easy way out , to ensure that it wouldn't inconvenience white people whatsoever . 
Fuck this shitty new wikipedia . I hate it when they change the interfaces . 
Isn't it rather hypocritical to stand against hunting for meat yet eat factory farmed meat ? At least in the former the animal has lived life the way it was meant to be before being killed , and that means you're making some small impact on factory farmed meat by not consuming it as much . 
If anyone has Shull for regular Chemistry , what are the vocab words and what do we have to do ? 
http://www.formspring.me/ItsKumar 
Somehow I have a feeling I'm going to regret procastinating on Bowman's independent reading project until Sunday night . 
Got stuff for Bowman's party ! 
Awesome . Aleks owes me five bucks . Second world countries do exist . 
Hahaha , Mr. G gave me a 100% on the notes and I was missing like , half of it . 
http://www.formspring.me/ItsKumar\ 
Ask ! 
Failed Ferth's final ! \ 
82% in that class , thank god for the project , averaged the final exam section to a C- . 
Uhm . How the hell is Ender's Game an allegory ? Google doesn't seem to know either ! Thanks , English majors , for reading into books and making up your own meanings . 
I already regret taking Honors English . A bunch of pointless assignments on the worst topics for summer homework . Awesome . 
Sweet . Five on AP European . 
The Dutch lost . :( 
Was that supposed to be a ending where the good guys win in One Fly's Over the Cuckoo's Nest ? Because that was fucking depressing . 
APUSH - Glasser\ 
Multimedia - Savage\ 
Algebra II /w Trig - Holm\ 
Physics - Nichols\ 
English Honors - Bowman\ 
APES - O'Hara\ 
\ 
I want to transfer out of MM and to Spanish . 
Dropped Multimedia and took Spanish Honors . I better get fourth with Pimentel . 
So does anyone know how to do this surrealism portfolio ? 
I got proficient on my CST for Geometry ! I completely blame that on having an incompetent teacher , and because I convinced G that I didn't need to do any of the review packets because I was going to get advanced anyhow . 
Glasser's homework is insane . 
Signed up for Spanish online classes . Looks really really long and boring ... 
Righto . Finishing up short stories at 5:30 . Fun . On the sixth < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Damn , it's going to be nice weather throughout . 
Gettin ' it down to Arab Money ... 
In the 42 states which held statewide elections in both political \ 
parties , 33,824,108 voted , an average turnout of 17.8 percent of \ 
age-eligible citizens . \ 
------------------------------------- \ 
17.8% . There's democracy at its finest . 
Uhh . \ 
Ms. Bowman's on facebook ? 
I've never had a day go from such a great one to such a shitty one . Being sick sucks . 
Long Hoang is my secret lover . <3 
So I think I'm going to learn how to play the piano again , but this keyboard doesn't have enough keys for a lot of songs ... 
It's amazing outside . 
Anyone interested in buying a PS3 ? 
What a waste of money .. 
Pie is gross . 
Waking up at six forty five so I could go to < PROPMALE > and answer ninety five questions on world history sure was exciting . 
So fucking bored . 
Why is Mountain Dew so good ? 
I tried studying for APUSH . I quit after a minute . \ 
There's my effort for the day . 
>:( 
Screw the new zodiac signs . I'm a lion , not a god damn crab . 
Brother's bringing Smoke Eaters for me . Sweeet . 
Time to write twenty two paragraphs . Fun . 
Biggest waste of time . 
