said her goodbyes to her bff !!! Please protect you head !! 

2 years ago it was a tree , this year a barbed wire fence , what will next year be ?? 
is singing at the top of her lungs \every word every thought every sound .. every thouch every smile every frown .. all the pain we've endured until now .. all the hope i have lost you have found .. \"" 
' s new residence is 600 park street , aka wiest dorm .. yay ! 
doesn't make to make the journey home , but really wants the truck fixed 
doesn't want to make the journey home , but really wants the truck fixed 
is back in Hays 
doesn't like people who ride their bikes on the streets and dont follow proper bike riding rules ! 
gr 
there was no hot water this morning in the showers .. gr ! 
blah 
was reunited with some old friends !!! so much fun !! 
is in complete stress mode right now 
thinks that everybody should get OOVOO !!!! its amazazazing ... 
haha , i wonder if she's moving out ? 
is thinking some people really are just dumb 
* I'm on a boat and it's going fast and , I got a nautical themed , Pashima Afghan * 
* L-O-V-E is just another word i never learned to pronounce * 
thinks she has a pretty rad grandma .. 
maybe its maybelline ? 
hates when people have typos in what their status says ... I mean is it really that hard to write a proper sentence ? 
holy shit ! they finally turned the heat on in the dorms .. it's sooo warm in my room .. 
can't wait to give < PROPFIRST > his b-day present !! its sooooo good !! 
!! I think I found tne one !! * sigh * 
!! I think I found the one !! * sigh * 
holy shit ! I'm not making that mistake again , haha .. and P.S. it's boys like you that reminds me why I dont put < PROPFIRST > in my phone anymore ... 
* If you come knockin ' at my door and I am not around . Foolishness came by and we're downtown ! * 
wishes boys still gave girls mixed-tapes . 
doesn't want to hear the life stories of the people in my psych class .. 
Ku is THE shit , KP !!! 
hmm .. what's the difference between live feed , and news feed ? any guesses ?? 
hmm .. another day Dr. Naylor decides not to come to class and neglects to tell us .. according to my calculations she has now wasted about $3000 in tuition .. stupid psychologists .. 
finally shot my first bird !!! 
anybody want to buy a snake ?? seriously ?? 
wow , dont care about my psych class's obsessive compulsive disorders 
sometimes wishes it was acceptable to break out into song and dance in a quiet room ... 
going to make her cats some KITTEN MITTONS ... haha , shoutout ! 
is wondering why its always more sad when the cute boy dies in the movie 
happy birthday to me bitches .. p.s. thanks for all the love .. 
loves how people put subtle messeges in their status ' that are directed to someone else for some reason or another , but trust me kids the other person has NO idea you're talking about them . Just do everybody a favor and include their names . :) 
is moving out !! yahoo !!! 
oh goodness i'm head over heals 
Forever young , I want to be forever young ... 
- oh high speed interent , how i missed you .. 
realllyyy hates being lied to . 
thinks it's time to move on . 
thnks it's time to move on . I knew I couldn't count on you . 
According to my World Lit teacher , it costs more to shut Fort Hays down for a day rather then keep it open . Now how much sense does this make ? 
believes KU knows what they're doing . Nobody wants to watch a game when the teams wins by 30 points , but when it's a close game that shit gets INTENSE ! 
believes KU knows what they're doing . Nobody wants to watch a game when the teams wins by 30 points , but when it's a close game that shit gets INTENSE ! GO KU ! 
well , you only live once 
boys boys boys ... 
is best friends with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
still loves her Jayhawks 
is sorry < PROPFEMALE > Commons , but I drop kicked < PROPMALE > last night .. 
What came first ? The fruit or the color ? 
would like to thank her pops for teaching her how to change , and patch , a flat tire ... However , I never want to do that again without a floor < PROPFIRST > and an air ratchet ... 
is feelin ' like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , i'm lovin ' cloud nine , my head's in the sky , i'm solo , i'm ridin ' solo ... 
will be in Colorado in a little more than 24 hours !!! Better get ready KP ! 
is counting down the hours .. only 9 left ! 
is enjoying Colorado with her bestie ! yay !! 
finally got her tattoo , and it looks sick !! 
misses Coloraro already :( and KP 
so glad to be talking to < PROPFIRST > again .. I missed this kid 
man , I need to get out of this place && I think Boston is calling my name 
is now taking boyfriend applications ... 
haha .. yeah dude .. it was off the hook\ 
< PROPFIRST > was there , and we partied .. haha\ 
maybe next year ... 
is now taking boyfriend applications 
when life gives you lemons , just say fuck em ' 
who made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? 
You're The Perfect Mistake I'd Love To Make ... S2 
finally got the kitchen put back together .. now it's just time to clean 
just packed her bag for MO .. only 5 more days 
I guess I'm done waiting for your call .. I'm going out :] 
oh missouri .. here i come ! 
I might drive myself insane if those lips aren't speaking my name ... 
I'll regret it forever .. 
gross .. stop brushing you teeth at work ... 
is worth more than an unanswered phone call 
will give you my Soul but I already Sold it . 
got her Rubik's magic today .. eek ! 
Oh there's something ' bout a man in black , makes me wanna buy a cadillac 
Believes ... \ 
\ 
That you shouldn't be so eager to find \ 
Out a secret . It could change your life Forever . 
The Stars are always Brighter when it's Cold Out . 
Never tell your PROBLEMS to anyone .. \ 
20% DON'T CARE\ 
and the other 80% are GLAD you have them ... 
safely in Massachussetts .. let the adventure begin .. 
Oh Hawks ! 
Can't wait for KU basketball and My Birthday !! 
Oh What a Night ... 
\Everybody Love Everybody\ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
First day of work at a new Home Depot ... I hope this one is as great as the Hays Home Depot was .. :) 
just made some delicious home made pretzels .. yumm ! 
F you East Wichita Home Depot .. I'm so tired of all your rules !! Just get you shit together , quick ... 
I'm so over old ladies and their old lady problems .. If I wanted to deal with it I would have gone into business with my mom .. 
Dear Rock , \ 
I'm sorry . I don't know why we let so many things get between us . \ 
Sincerely , a Hard Place 
Steak and Beer Sundays !! 
I hope this wasn't a mistake ... 
Haha ... Shit got real yesterday .. Thankfully I have two awesome roomies . Thanks Steph and < PROPMALE > ! 
Woke up this morning and it was 45 degrees in my house .. FML 
We could have had it all . 
Just got home from work and my roommate was watching New < PROPFEMALE > ! yes ! 
F off < PROPFIRST > Griffith ! You're going to hell ! 
mmmm .. it's pretzel time ! 
\Dying is for fools 
Just had the pleasure of watching someone try to parallel park and hit the car behind them . Late night Adventure (= ) a Success . 
I just had sex ! and I'll never go back , to the not having sex ways of the past !!! 
Taking a nap .. Wake me up when the KU game starts .. Ha . 
Just heard an add on the radio ... Heritage College for the Blind wants you to donate them your cars !!! ha ! 
It is time to start a new chapter in my life . Let the adventure begin !!! 
