Im so sick someone come take care of me ! 

R u happy telsha ! 
Im not going to lie i just had some fried chicken ..... and it was delicious ! 
Soooooo I just spent 15 minutes looking for my new stick of deodorant , and realized that i had a dream about going to wal mart and buying deodorant sooooo , yeah im of to the store to buy some real deodorant . Im so special ! 
Maannnnn i got the fries that will cross yo eyes ! I got the shakes that will make you quake ! I got the burgers ........... man i just got burgers ! 
I just had ice cream for breakfast for the first time in my life ! I felt guilty , but then realized im a grown ass man ! Bacon , eggs , sasauge , buscuits and vanilla ice cream with chocolate Syrup , topped with slightly salted nuts hahahaha . Im retarded 
My brother just had a baby girl and she is gorgeous ! But ......... it ....... ok ill just say it ! It was a lot whiter than i though it was going to be ? Im sure its going to get a lil more color in an couple days but if it didnt have Danes nose , which is very distinct ! I'd have to be askin Jenn some questions hahaha 
Family is in town !!!! My two new beautiful nieces in the same house ! Im going to my brothers for dinner , Mom and Dad sitting across the table from each other . Could get interesting , got my popcorn ready !!! 
Famous < PROPMALE>'s and go cart racing here we come !!!! 
My oldest niece left yesterday and i truly miss her . As i kissed her goodbye and gave her to my sister , she turns back and waves good bye and my heart melted . It's funny that I know one niece for 10 months and the other for a couple weeks , and i love them both more than life itself . I cant imagine how it feels to be a parent . They're both to lucky lil angels . 
Intermural Flag football ! Its time to bust out some Ochocinco all over that ass ! Haha I better be carefully , not as young as i use to be ! Might pull a hammy ! KOBE !!!!! 
Just got through toy story 3 , it was so sad ! made it til the end annnnnnnd , sooooo i didnt cry ..... more like a dry heave hahaha , dont judge me ! 
I woke up this morning and decided i didnt want to go to class , then i told myself ... self stop being lazy so i get up go down to heat up my car . I find my baby in snow up to her doors . So 30 minutes and 5 nice guys later i was out ! So i rush to school running a lil late , ope doors up the doors to nothingness , i turn around and on the board says class is canceled today ! damn , so i go back out to my car get in and 
guess what , yeah im stuck again ! This time it only took 3 nice guys and 5 minutes . So Im going home and decided im going to be a bit smarter and not park where i got stuck ! But in the parking lot across the street ! 
well guess what happened when i tried to get in that parking lot ..... oh yeah . But one guy and 2 minutes later I was unstuck yet again haha ! I ended up parking 1/2 mile way at a beautifully plowed bank . I know what your thinking < PROPMALE > you need a truck or < PROPMALE > you need new tires , and i say yes to both ! 
OK ! So i was watching < PROPFEMALE > the other night ..... what about is it ? I got kinda lost after his mom got mysteriously kidnapped , lol . But someone through me a bone was there a moral behind this story or is it just an hour cartoon about deer being born ? 
OK ! So i was watching < PROPFEMALE > the other night ..... what is it about ? I got kinda lost after his mom got mysteriously kidnapped , lol . But someone through me a bone was there a moral behind this story or is it just an hour cartoon about deer being born ? 
I watched CasaBlanca for the first time this week ! I gotta tell you thats a good ass movie ! HERE'S LOOKIN AT YOU KID ! Humphrey Bogart isnt the most attractive , but something about him was just captivating ! And < PROPFEMALE > Bergman is gonna be my next ex-wife ! A woman who can pull a gun on the man she loves is a keeper ! 
I love wrapping presents the day before christmas ! \ 
\ 
P.S. glitter wrapping paper is not a good idea , it looks amazing but it did a number on my hands ! looks like i just got in a fight with a stripper ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
I just hit a dead squirrel ! I feel horrible like im the one the one that killed it ! But if it was alive its definitely not now , i didnt see it and before i knew it i had double tapped it with my left two tires ! R.I.P. < PROPMALE > ! 
