< PROPFIRST > and I are engaged ! :-) I'm so happy . 

Thanks for all the mazal tovs / congratulations . :-) 
I hate having laryngitis as a songleader . I want to be able to do my job , but I can't . :-( 
Thank goodness my voice is back . :-) Shabbat Shalom everyone ! 
Two more weeks left of camp . Looking forward to seeing Fiddler on the Roof on Sunday , August 9th ! 
I've officially booked an October flight to New York to visit my future husband . :-) 
Lesson planning and creating a calendar for the school year ... hard to believe I will be teaching already on Sunday . 
I am thankful for webcams . It is nice to be able to see my fiance online while he is in New York . :-) 
Shabbat Shalom ! 
I hate the fact that I currently have no computer . It is not fun to have to borrow other people's computers . 
I'm liking my new desktop computer and thankful that it is not giving me any grief thus far . :-) Shanah Tovah ( Happy Jewish New Year) ! 
To all my Jewish friends : Gemar chatimah tovah . - May your final sealing ( in the Book of Life ) be good . 
is hoping that everyone who fasted for Yom Kippur had an easy fast and a meaningful prayer experience . 
Can't wait until Friday morning when I'll be in my fiance's arms . :-) 
I'm so excited about my upcoming trip to New York ! :-) I leave Thursday night on a red eye . 
Enjoyed spending the weekend with my love . Now it is back to the grind . 
Contemplating the Forms and Plato's utopian society as I write my paper on Plato . Please note that I do not actually agree with Plato's ideas , but I find them fascinating . 
I am getting less and less sleep due to midterms . :-( 
I see the light at the end of the tunnel ! Liturgy take home final due Friday and last but not least , Philosophy of Education paper to complete during Winter Break . 
Now that < PROPFIRST > has returned to New York , I am finally working on completing my philosophy of Jewish education paper . It is pleasant to do school work after two weeks of rest , relaxation , and fun . :-) 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease : people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE . 
Flying to New York tonight on a red eye to visit my fiance . :-) I'm looking forward to being in his arms again . 
At JFK waiting for my plane ride back to LAX . 
Back in Torrance . My flight arrived 1 hour early ! 
RIP Whitepaw ( my dog ) . I hope you are in a better place . May God watch over and care for your soul . 
Getting married on 6/26/11 at the Reef ( in Long Beach , CA ) . :-) 
One more final to go ! Looking forward to graduation dinner , spending time with my fiance , and graduation ! :-) 
Graduated and have a par t-t ime job ! :-) 
Got to meet my soon-to-be coworkers at < PROPFEMALE > Adat Elohim and enjoy sushi with my soon-to-be supervisor . :-) Everyone was very friendly and welcoming . 
I will be out of town from June 19th to June 30th . I will have little to no internet and cell phone access during that time . If you try to get in touch with me during that timeframe , please assume that I will be unable to respond until June 30th in the evening or July 1st . 
Happy 4th of July , everyone ! 
New cell phone number : 424-200-3320 
Had my first day of work yesterday . :-) Everyone was really nice and welcoming . 
Enjoying my job at TAE and loving the wonderful TAE community . :-) 
Thank you everyone for the lovely birthday wishes ! 
Very long and complicated story short : For practical reasons , < PROPFIRST > and I are going to be changing the wedding date . Not sure exactly what our new date will be . We are currently thinking about late August or mid to late December . 
Possible wedding dates : 8/28/11 , 11/25/11 , 12/27/11 , 12/28/11 
Eternal Teacher , in this moment , I forgive those who have angered me , who have tried to diminish me , who have acted wrongly against me , concerning my body , my propery , my honor , everything . Whether the people involved acted accidentally , willfully , or under the influence of other forces , I forgive everyone , and may no harm come to them from my reasoning . - Eliyah Rabbah 
( continuation of previous post ) May it be Your will that I refrain from hurtful acts . With mercy , erase my past mistakes , keep me from suffering . May the words of my mouth and meditations of my heart find favor before You , God , my Rock and my Redeemer . - Eliyah Rabbah , 5th Century 
It is official : the new wedding date is 8/28/11 . :-) 
All wedding vendors have been rebooked . :-) So glad that people were flexible about the date change . 
Shanah Tovah ! Happy New Year ! :-) 
If you live in the Valley and are interested in hanging out today ( Saturday the 11th ) or tomorrow ( Sunday the 12th ) , text me : 424-200-3320 . :-) 
My day at work started off with my supervisor telling me how great of a job I am doing and how she appreciates all of my hard work . It was really nice to hear , especially during this crazy time of year . 
High Holidays down . Now , time to start religious school tomorrow ! 
In New York with my love . :-) 
Lots of travel followed by work . Still on New York time . 
Back on California time ! Yay ! 
Kinda hard to believe that Chanukah is tomorrow night . Happy Chanukah to all you Jews out there ! 
Happy last night of Chanukah ! 
