woohoo < PROPFIRST > with the pick he is just great to be in the lineup 

td awesome go steelers 
looks like my madden 11 game yesterday with the long one to < PROPMALE > you know what I mean < PROPFEMALE > 
again td steelers keep it up 14-0 
way to go defense good stop and give up only a FG tell you < PROPFIRST > is part < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Terrier the way he is all over that field 
McCoy you might want to stay out today is not your game regroup for next year 
completely bored just spent the last 10-15 minutes popping some bubble wrap 
the most rewarding love is the love for GOD 
just looking out the window at so called garden boy I can grow some lovely weeds 
mp3 player ugh need cd to do video but this computer has no cd drivers blah 
Well its going to be Monday again good thing the weekend is a holiday coming up yippee or yeehaw to all the country kin 
Everyone have a glorious 4th Im not sure how great this one will be but celebrate it to the fullest . For all the ones who have to work have good day there also hopefully you get to enjoy some of it with friends and family . Love the freedom it stands for and dont take anything for granted . GOD bless everyone and the U.S.A. 
back to work blah wish the day would not start so early life sucks at times at least tomorrow is my last work day for a week unless get a pt job then it will be hectic 
Life is so confusing to a point it really sucks full of such misery and grief . Accept the savior then you will have eternal life which i already face death with no fear cause I khow the new beginning with the lord by my side is glorious and peaceful . Love should be spread around the world always . God bless everyone . 
why is it the one day have plans it rains BLAH . It seems like everything wants to be against me having a good time . But Rain is a good thing it makes corn , corn makes whiskey(yeah ) , and whiskey makes my girl feel a little frisky(I would love that ) . Everyone have a good day at work or play . God Bless . 
Life is short until you have the everlasting love with the Savior . Dont fear to love even if it ends in hurt . Love everything you do and you will have satisfaction when glorifying GOD through it all . Life and love is so confusing dont run away from it when you get hurt just keep trusting God that everyone will benefit in your everlasting love . 
Hope evryone is having a good day . Either at work or play . Looks like it is a beautiful day . Church is calling me to celebrate the Lords < PROPFEMALE > . God Bless 
everyone have agood day at work it is supposed to be a hot one in < PROPFEMALE > just everyone be careful who works outside and drink lots of liquids . Just think weekend is just around the corner . 
Suppose to be another hot one everyone be careful when doing outdoor things . God Bless in whatever you do and tgif for those who are working their last day of the week 
Yeah tomorrow the end of my work week then its MILLER time yeehaw 
Well my work week is up time to sing , ( ya right ) dance , and drink til the cows come home yeehaw 
Took long walk beautiful out today . Had a few appt to take care of before I did not have < PROPMALE > to do . Everyone have agood day God sent us a nice one outdoors . 
Well it is hotter than hhhhhhhhhhh ! Everyone try to stay cool for the day even if we might be in hell right now . God Bless and love everyone for who they are . 
everyone have a good Sunday and glorify all the Lord gives praise and love everything around you even if it dont love you back . Share the goodness around you and lift those who need some support . Love your families and dont let satan or anyone tear them apart keep them safe in the Lords grace , trust and guidance . God Bless everyone and be safe in all you do . 
Well I feel gyped today other than losing my love I went to bank to change account to just me and < PROPFEMALE > told me I would get a cool t-shirt and 100 extra dollars for switching my account . Well no dice no shirt or money boy I feel like I was lied to and this sucks for a monday to feel all used and everything . Blah good grief . God Bless everyone though . 
tgif everyone hope everyone has a good day . God Bless 
whoa getting hit with good storm actually dont mind them as long as not outside into them hope everyone stays safe God Bless and dont work to hard week winding down 
I am not ashamed that I grew up saying : I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up saying this every morning in school - it's a shame we no longer ... do that ... for fear of offending someone ) . NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST AND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE 
Well its friday no work until next week time for some captains and coke woohoo 
boy never drank capt . and cokes people said they were smooth and yes they are yeehaw maybe ill sleep good tonight for once 
Bullriding on versus channel tonight yeehaw ride em cowboy . I wont get to see it dont have versus at present residing place darn love watching them getting down and dirty . 
Well all you hersheypark employees im part of the team now just have to get wardrobe done & schedule . Boy you guys never told me the fun of the orientation and the < PROPFIRST > the bagger video was neat almost cried but if everyone had his attitude just think how much love would be spread around this world it is very eye opening and i feel energized to work with the he&r group . God bless everyone one and have a good week 
wow brie just did that really not to long ago found it under < PROPFIRST>'s playpen blinking with like 8 missed calls from trying to find it when on silent . 
here is one I heard on the radio ( Do comic writers have to work harder when congress is not in session ) lol I think they do probably have to work harder without that extra help from the government . 
Was at knobels with the girls was a nice day a little hot but really nice . < PROPFIRST > was great and the girls had fun as far as I know that is what amusement means fun times . 
So play me some mountain music like grandma and grandpa used to play . Im glad I dont live in Iowa right now with the flooding im thankful for that I dont live there . 
Now the number for the day is 13 do I need to say more ooooooooooooooooooo . frustrating day at work full of idiots need another job just for sanity reasons gonna kill someone wish hersheypark was a full time job instead of part/seasonal 
I like < PROPFEMALE > haws \WHERE OH WHERE ARE YOU TONIGHT . WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME HERE ALL ALONE . I SEARCHED THE WORLD OVER AND THOUGHT I FOUND YOU LOVE . BUT YOU MET ANOTHER AND PFFFFFFFFFFFT YOU WERE GONE ! " 
Just worked the evening at the park was great did not rain on me did trash detail and actually loved it felt like old times . The one thing that sucked today was the drive home . Just me and another car on 422 east and what do you know he rode my ass from Annville to Lebanon Boy I hate that with no cars for < PROPMALE > in front or back I almost slowed down more . God Bless all . 
\iF YOU'RE LOST AND YOU LOOK YOU WILL FIND ME TIME AFTER TIME\ " \ " IF YOU FALL I WILL CATCH YOU I WILL BE WAITING TIME AFTER TIME\ " JUST LOVE THIS SONG AND I WOULD DO THIS \ " TIME AFTER TIME \"" 
Yeah my full time work week over capt . and coke time now I get to do my fun job I enjoy Hersheypark find out tomorrow when go to work at 1pm my whole schedule . Not sure what days and time going to be working 
Today was good day at the park the one bad thing is my schedule they scheduled me tomorrow in the evening need to work morning well maybe thing will work out and by the way < PROPFEMALE > Brandt young lady you need to slow down when driving you flew past me and another quite quick slow it down a little it not that important to drive that fast to get home LOVE YA and God Bless everyone 
I may not be good at much of anything but Im good at drinking beer ( O.k. maybe not beer but do like capt and coke and fuzzy navels ) but definitely not good at anything especially having a long-lasting , loving marriage didnt do that right 
Well had my cry for the day this evening . Why is life so sad/confusing and why is Country music so emotional . Plus watched a little tv before grabbing a capt/coke and that was emotional also so I was crying a bit . Work was good and i did not get rained upon yeehaw . God Bless everyone . 
Today was a fun day at work at break a rabbit jumped unto our sanitation crew and the guys were trying to catch it until they were told to not harm/damage hershey property since the rabbit was part of hershey property they left it alone lol 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise awareness . I DARE U TO POST THIS 
God is great , beer is good , and people are crazy . Boy this lyric is so right also I may not be good at anything but Im good at drinking beer . my life cycle . God bless everyone what a beautiful day . 
just had my daily cry watching youtube this aint nothing video cry most the time when hear that song and why is country music sad a lot of times . Happy days get to work tomorrow GOD BLESS need to get some sleep I hope 
Hey found 69 cents at work walking around Hersheypark at least im not completely broke 
why is it always when you are looking for something its always in the last place you think of . The answer by the way is because you stop looking after you found it in that last place . 
Holiday fading away need to break out some capt and coke and try to forget my boredom God Bless everyone have a great remaining weekend 
Everyone have a great/safe holiday . Looks like another beautiful day in < PROPFEMALE > . What a wonderful state we live in with the different seasonal changes all year round . God is great with providing such beauty for everyone to love in every type of condition . 
Why do I listen to people at work supposed to work 6am to 3pm I knew better that there wasnt gonna be much to do . Well here I am 3hrs later not at work and feel like I wasted my time . I feel like that with life in general like all I did was waste peoples time in whatever I do . The only one I know I listen to 100% is God and he will never lead me astray like a lot of idiots in this world . God Bless on beautiful day 
Looks like another beautiful day in < PROPFEMALE > but I do hope it rains soon everyone have a great day midweek soon weekend will be here . 
looks like another cool night to sleep to but the way im sleeping lately how do I enjoy sleeping when I get maybe 3to4 hours of good sleep 
good day at work full but not overbearing and had fun being there but my life is a lonely one considering im still on facebook at this time knowing no one will respond like all my messages of any type ie . texts/comments/or messages 
I cant stand these darn stink bugs one inside light panel keeps banging up against it driving me crazy other than this good day did not do much but lazed around 
Watching the miniseries \V\ " a little trivia from it how many remember \ " Freddie Krueger\ " < PROPFIRST > Englund was in that show as the turncoat alien < PROPFIRST >." 
I wish the IQ test would stop showing up I tried to get it done but it keeps not working for me where I cant see my results 
Thanks to all who wished me happy birthday yesterday did not do anything special though just sat at home by oneself and watched a very interesting Ghost Adventurers last night they were at Gettysburg this filming very cool and creepy . Love ya all and God Bless . 
Woohoo yeehaw Phils sweep the braves what a game 
Haahaa one of my fav movies is on comedy type airplane that movie cracks me up ---- and dont call me < PROPFIRST > . Were all counting on you Stryker 
watchin CBR bullriding on Gac it such a cool sport/entertainment would not do it ever but really cool 
rain let up a little bit but it still isnt finished there is a stream across the street forming from all the rain already well just think of this at least it isnt snow and sleet yet thankful for it being rain 
Everyone careful if traveling this storm is getting quite wicked keep safe unless you are redneck like < PROPMALE > Urban sings grab your lawn chairs and a cold one theres a tornado coming down in the trailer hood 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!! Do NOT join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on FoxNews at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our childrensafe !!... ( Please take a ... minute to copy & paste\ 
LETS SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST , AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANTED YOU THERE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO HAVE YOU COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO AS FAMILY , LETS SEE WHO ON MY FRIENDS LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION COPY & PASTE THIS AS YOUR ... STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING ... TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FREINDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE 
Oh my God today at work we had a snake in the department/room next to the one I work in I was creeped out the whole day looking constantly for another ! I cant stand snakes and spiders ewwww ! 
yeehaw a thunderstorm a brewin hasnt rained i think but a lot of thunder and lightning 
How cool is this the Chile miners are all almost out been watching since home from work want to cry for joy with all the efforts to save their lives awesome work God did through all the efforts 
Great weekend at HPID it was fun working seeing all the kids dressed up in their costumes . Got to push puddles yesterday at first left from hosing down park was fun then got to drive truck a little getting trash if there was any . It was such a nice day totally . 
Why am I surrounded by a bunch of idiots at my job if I would quit the million dollar robotic system I run would be just twisted metal , wow . I would love if job at hersheypark was fulltime at least have some fun there . 
believe in Jesus Christ . I'll take it one \ 
step further - I have accepted Jesus Christ as my Savior and Lord . One \ 
facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In \ 
the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny \ 
you in front of ... my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . This is a simple \ 
... test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost 
Having faith is like being a pumpkin , God picks you from the patch and washes all the dirt off of you . He cuts off the top and scoops out all the yucky stuff . He removes the seeds of doubt , hate & greed . He carves you a new smiling face and puts His light inside of you to shine for all the world to see . This was passed on to me by another pumpkin . Now it's your turn to pass it onto the pumpkins in your patch ! ? 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a Pittsburgh Steelers Fan . Being a Steelers Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for PSF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise ... awareness .... 90% of Steelers fans won't repost this ... because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
Happy Halloween to all the trick or treaters tonight always enjoy all the kids enjoying themselves be careful and bring home the motherload of sweets 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a Philadelphia Eagles Fan . Being an Eagles Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for PEF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise ... awareness .... You can always tell an eagles fan because they don’t know anything about football . 
Cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as \ 
forever friends .... Repost this if you ever had or have a cousin that made you smile :) I have the best cousins !!! ? 
Whenyou < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a \ 
headache . When you open It , he collapses . When he sees you reading It , \ 
he faints . When you are about torepost this message , he will try to \ 
discourage you . I defeated him . I reposted it without hesitation !!!!! 
Got to get ready to go to HPID work tonight Happy Halloween to you all . Muahhhhhhhhhh 
Oh my Goodness watchin 27 news an 11 and 12 yr old in york county were shot by a bbgun for their trick-or-treat < PROPFEMALE > how despicable is that like really wow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
watched the news again don't know why all bad most of the time someone ripped the safe out of the concrete with the money for Habitat for Humanity how despicable is that ! 
Go A&M Aggies beat that OK Sooners team put a dampener on their BCS hopes 
woohoo A&m 102yd td return start of 3rd QTR . Up 19-0 over Sooners yeehaw keep it up 
yippee A&M upsets THE #8 Sooners Im glad they played well and became bowl eligible also with win 
Hope NFL stays consistant with fining people for late/flagrant hits on quarterbacks/receivers this week and not make < PROPMALE > a posterboy and just singling him out for them . Just stay consistant NFL . By the way where does that money go I could use some of it ? 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise awareness 
Were asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days . \ " Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE THIS ON EVERYONE'S WALL . Please pray for our soldiers ...... GodSpeed .... 26 minutes ago · " 
Thank you all veterans so I can be on facebook to thank all that have served/serves in our great armed forces 
Good news all you Steelers fans Ravens lose to the Falcons yeehaw 
Good night all hope everyone had a nice Vterans day and shared with them some way or another . Next stop Thanksgiving coming up in a few weeks . God bless all . 
Well all you Steelers fan no more < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > hope the change is for the better and good luck to < PROPMALE > he had a great career at Pitt at least I will miss him to an extent 
< PROPFIRST > Buckmoyer\ 
WARNING !!!!!!..... If you are using the Christmas tree app . please be advised it will crash your computer . Geek squad saysits one of the WORST trojan viruses there is and it is spreading quickly . Re-post and let your friends ...... know !!!!!! about an hour ago 
omg just saw on tv the 2 that got into scuffle in < PROPMALE > Tennessee game each get 25k fines but < PROPMALE > hits 2 players legally and get 75k fine boy Nfl you are looking like your picking on < PROPFIRST > now how fair is those fines for fighting . Very disgusted with football they need to get balls out their and serve justice properly . 
ok you have a guy smack < PROPMALE > in the face helmet gives him a bloody nose but no penalty heck I saw it before replays and of course not fines either cause it was not < PROPMALE > 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , post this as your status 
Well went to work for a meeting that wasn't they decided for next week ughhh . But on way home had my daily cry The song Christmas shoes was on and that song gets me all the time . Have a good day everyone and stay warm . 
Wow my life just keeps gettin better after the economy droppin losing hrs , wages , almost losing house , losing wife and family , now my work is making us ; because of insurance premiums going up , pay 100 dollars per pay more to have insurance for a family which is needed not any other option . Soon be working for free way its going . Thanks to the big businesses lets put everyone on the streets . HOHO WOW 
watchin UP cried at beginning and before was watchin end of SIGNS and was crying from that trying to realize like < PROPMALE > says everything happens for a reason and trying my hardest to believe it with all the hardships in life . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... 
Hey everyone hope enjoyed the pretty snowfall knew we would get some this weekend since we always have some precipitation during Farm Show Week you gotta love it 
Yay go Aggies win that Cotton Bowl Gig-Em 
AAAAAAAACCHOOOOOOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic to bullcrap , drama queens , head games , liars , 2 faced fake people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who reposts this !!!!!!! 
Hey you dang woodchucks quit chuckin my wood- hahaha 
***** WARNING ***** The national weather service has issued a falling bird warning for Pittsburgh Saturday starting at 4:30 and continuing until the end of the fourth quarter . Falling birds could be heavy at times , especially around the Heinz Field area . Heavy accumulation is likely . POST AND REPOST ALL OVER STEELERS NATION !!! WE ARE EVERYWHERE !! HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO !!!!!! LUV YA BLACK AND GOLD !!!! 
sitting watchin the beautiful snowfall and pondering ; Do wood < PROPMALE > s really < PROPMALE > wood ? Have a good night y'all and take care . 
Come on pitt b-ball get it movin you just gotta beat those hoyas 
A little boy walks into class with a Steelers jersey on , the teacher asked him why he liked the Steelers ? He replied cause my mommy and daddy are Steelers fan !... The teacher said you can't always be like parents , if your daddy was a drug dealer and your mommy was a prostitute would you want to be like them ? The little boy said oh no ma'am I would never ! That would make me a Ravens fan 
the party is over ravens < PROPFIRST > try again next yr . woohhooooooooo 
Suggs you can now use your fingers to hitch a ride home since thats where you will be and maybe you might stop runnin your mouth 
Cousins are the first friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you don't talk much lately , repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world . \ 
I love you all !!!!! ? \ 
I DO REALLY 
Wow just got a tidbit from history channel one thing that started on this date was in 1919 Prohibition so I think everyone should raise a glass and toast this . LOL . And thank its no more hahahahaha 
Good night to all be careful if venture out into wintery mix tomorrow don't want to see anyone in any accidents I'll be one to go out have to work and trust me I'll be the one going 5mph well maybe not that slow 
yay flyers 2-0 over caps so far keep it up 
sitting watching lord of the rings , listening to youtube favorites , and typing on facebook- see some guys can multitask at times LOL . Random thing Damn that < PROPMALE > Bloom is awesome ! 
my daughter < PROPFEMALE > Brandt is RAD !!!!! Ahhhh yeah ! =] 
having ham and bean soup just what needed for a cold day and maybe < PROPMALE > the blahs away . Maybe grab a cold one later as a < PROPMALE > r . 
woohoo more snow as long as it stays snow and no wintery mix I love it 
¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful daughter in the world . \ 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . •*¨\ 
*•?•* ¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Watchin \they live\ " with Roddy < PROPFEMALE > love that movie always liked him wrestling and acting " 
heads or tails I'm going tails and we want to defer 
did I listen to that wrong but did < PROPFEMALE > sing a wrong word in the National Anthem I could have been hearing wrong though 
bet anyone the team wearing gold is going to win LOL 
LOVE THAT ECO COMMERCIAL 
LIKE THE GODADDY ONE FUNNY 
cool new pirates movie must see 
Is that turf not ok why is everyone slipping to many people sliding around 
dislike the elantra commercial made me get a headache 
wow eject the guy for throwin a punch 
Ok if the Steelers lose keep this score at least I'll win some money come on defences hold that score 
Another one point comeback win maybe like a couple years ago who knows maybe 
Steeler fan til I die not this year but there will be others along the way as well as a lot of other teams . Green Bay you played a great game and deserved that win 
well no win today JR . better luck in 1 week 
why couldn't < PROPMALE > be in a wreck , shitake mushrooms 
Damn < PROPFIRST > now , man everyone I like keep wrecking now who to cheer for and hate < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > so don't suggest them 
wow not having the internet for few days makes you have to play catch up on things happening . Have a wonderful day everyone and enjoy . 
NCIS yeah like Tuesday programming 
Might have to watch Dancing with the Stars coming up later this month since Hines < PROPMALE > is a contestant 
awwwww < PROPMALE > Gordan into the wall 
OK . I don't like to swear out in the open but why the fuck is the Westboro Baptist Church planning to picket the seven innocent children of the Couse family's funerals is this just to prove you are fucking assholes . Would be terrible if some of the wildlife in < PROPFIRST > County would just run over their protest line . 
OK . I don't like to swear out in the open but why the fuck is the Westboro Baptist Church planning to picket the seven innocent children of the Couse family's funerals is this just to prove you are fucking assholes . Would be terrible if some of the wildlife in < PROPFIRST > County would just run over their protest line . \ 
Husband and Wife Week -- If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the year you were married . ( Married in 1990 ) 
Let's go SDSU 
attended Palmyra's Musical \The Music Man\ " they did an awesome job . " 
happy for VCU my brackets were done a long time ago glad to see the underdogs keep rolling what a crazy season 
FACEBOOK has 3 new VIRUSES !!!!! #1 --- If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG ... DO NOT OPEN IT !!! #2 --- If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc .. DO NOT open it !!! #3 --- a message from your friends via chat saying click this link .. DO NOT OPEN IT !! These are BAD ones and will crash your computer ...... RE POST AND TELL EVERYBODY 
