Can't stop thinking about her 

is hoping for the best 
is waiting for this god awful sunburn to go away 
wants to get a god damn job already 
needs to be more self confident 
can't wait to learn a martial arts and start boxing !!!! 
might get a job !! 
is excited for No Shave November !!! 
wants to get his fucking gym membership already !! god damnit .. 
reserved a copy of cataclysm !! wooo !!.... still wants a fucking gym membership though !! 
hell ya !! fucking winter break !! and i destroyed my finals too .. 57% for the semester ? i dont think so RAWWRR 65% OWNED ! 
got a cell phone !!! WOOOO ! number is 928-308-7348 , call or text sometime !... now i just need a gym membership ... i think next month though !! 
is getting a gym membership this weekend or on tuesday !!!!!!! FINALLY !!! 
made a quote just for myself !! \LITTLE MAN I COULD EAT YOU !!!! \"" 
FINALLLY got a gym membership !!!! fucking hell ya ! got to get papers signed on friday though ! but then i'm in and i'll be as buff as < PROPFEMALE > Miller in no time !! lol 
If I'm going to hell ( or more like when ) , I better be shipped to Norse Hell ! Niffelheim is what it's called . Instead of a firey hell , it is an icey one ! I LOVE the cold so it would be just right for me ! I'm so sorry if I made you learn something . For serious . 
just picked up his reserverd copy of God of War 3 !!!!!!!! sdfjkwerhivankleqioasdhfAKNK !!!!! ZOMFG I CAN'T WAIT !!! 
went back to fury on my warrior ! Oh how I forgot how fun it is !!! Officially B-A . 
fucking god damnit . why do i have the SHITTIEST fucking luck with people ? i always run into assholes . and when someone fucks up , for anyone else it is not a problem , for me it is a bad fuck up . this is the shit that makes me want to be a serial killer . fucking really . FML 
i got a Battered Hilt bitches ! woooot ! 10,000 gold here i come ! 
fucking Dewmocracy !! hell yeah !!! Distortion all the way !! 
just saw Ironman 2 !!! it was FUCKING amazing !!! one of my favorite movies of all time !!! i must buy it ! 
fuck my shitty mouse . how about I choose when i go back a < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Needs a workout < PROPMALE > at 24/7 fitness ! lol . It sucks not having a friend to go with . 
has learned how , and successfully competed the rubik's cube ! woo lol . all i have to do now is memorize 
I'm so fucking bored !! Anyone have anything to do ? lol . No one should be this bored over summer !! 
freaking psyched for Mayhem Fest ! going with a bunch of friends ! 
god damnit im bored ! I just want it to be friday already ! Mayhem Fest here i come ! 
god damnit . facebook needs a DISlike button , or hate , despise , loath . give me some GOOD recommended pages ! 
Just got back from the SICKEST fucking concert ever ! Mayhem fest was so much fucking fun !!! It was soooo wild at night ! 
Saw Inception last night !!! That is the BEST FUCKING movie EVER !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , you are a god . 
just got my schedule !! i've got a half day , this year is gonna fucking rule ! 
... bored as fuck . anyone have something to do ? lol . 
Had\ 
enough of Google Chrome's bullshit ! It is a great browser , but not very\ 
much customization AT ALL , so I'm back home ... good ole Mozilla Firefox \ 
:D 
oh and ! the new hulk in The Avenger's movie will be .... Mark Ruffalo ! 
yay going school clothes shopping ! 
People often say I am pessimistic , but that just isn't true . I am just a realist and I look at the world for what it actually is . If I expect the worst , then nothing comes as a surprise and I will always be prepared to take whatever is given to me . 
well , my car is legal now ! its not the best , but meh , i don't have to depend on my mom anymore ! ( who is always late ) . 
dude ! TV services ( dish network , direc tv , etc ) should have a like/ dislike button for shows , channels , times , etc ! i would fucking love that idea ! 
Gah ! downloaded a ps2 emulator ... the only game i want to play runs extremely slow . Need a freaking 20 or 60 gigabyte PS3 model .. those ones are backwards compatible . 
awww ... tastebud's ... why did you change your pizza ? its till delicious .. but it was perfect then ! and i can clearly taste the difference ... i cry because of you 
the new eminem album Recovery is amazing ! very good , truly . 
i am seriously going to murder my 2nd hour teacher ..... if he doesn't fix himself and stop acting like a complete piece of shit , then i will fix him with my fists ... 
Downloaded Doom 2 on xbox live ... man does that bring back memories ! That is seriously without a doubt , one of the best games ever made . Or at least the best first person shooter ! and Duke Nukem is right under that . I seriously cannot wait for Doom 4 ... yes it is coming ... 2011 ... 
So .. I have a teacher who BASICALLY called me an ignorant retard for submitting an assignment the wrong way-which he didn't explain how to do , he just assumed that we knew how to do it . It was a big fiasco .. and now .. I'm going to tell the principal , vice principal , I really don't fucking care who knows , just as long as the school knows what PIECES OF SHIT that they hire and allow to teach . 
-And if this doesn't work out well ? Well then I'm going to eventually \ 
beat the LIVING fuck out of him , then back into him . He will bow down to\ 
me and accept me an his lord and savior , master , superior . 
gaaaah ! i want to install windows 7 as my main operating system ( have it on a partition at the moment ) but 1 . i dont know if i should , and 2 . i really dont want to replace all my files or have to start over with no browsing history .. and no saved usernames and passwords . what to do ! 
damnit ! getting bad driver's tan on my left arm lmao .. it is turning a different color than my right !.. must fix this 
gah .. November I COMMAND you to arrive right NOW !! so much to do in november ! turn 18 , might get a job , wrestling , strippers , who knows ! 
woo finally !!! House season premiere right now !! 
well FUCK you microsoft .. you win again ... i cannot upgrade to windows 7 professional from windows vista home premium ... i can either stick with vista .. OR spend a large portion of the little life that i have left on reinstalling every program , file , etc i had on vista ... or i could copy some files on my brothers 320gig hard drive 
ah .. how i love to DEgress in age .. frozen Go-Gurt is the fucking bomb !! thank you < PROPMALE > for showing me them !! i am eternally grateful ! lol 
FINALLY !!! I got a cassette adapter for my car ! Now I can finally listen to GOOD music ! 
my hair is looking extra super saiyan today ! 
God damnit i love Fruit by the foot ... why must you be so god damned delicious !!? 
So .. just as I thought ..... Spiderman : Shattered Dimensions was fucking amazing !!! my brother and I beat it already lol . We will have to get it back from gamefly eventually , so we can totally beat it , but still . 
God damnit ... I've got so much fucking work in English . Let the bullshitting commence ! 
gah ... so fucking bored 
so i've been playing Bioshock 2 ... FINALLY , and man , what a great game !! it is fucking 10 times harder than the first game , but i love a challenge ! 
Now , when you literally can't move , and you collapse to the ground after 45 minutes of solid lower body work out , you KNOW you did something right ! 
Now it's improbable that I will get an answer , but anyone who goes to PHS .. do you know when wrestling season starts ? I desperately need to know before hand haha . 
Fuck yeah ! Got information on this years wrestling season ! ..... starts November 1st .... god I don't know if I'm ready lol . Oh well , that means extra running , and lots of it ! 
woo ! sucessfully downloaded and installed Age of Empires 3 .. with the expansions ! 
woo ! got phone time .. finally 
My < PROPFEMALE > is so cold ... i can actually feel the wind on it without my beard . 
God damn you Milk Duds .. you win yet again .... but you are so delicious ... 
Oh my fucking god ... my everything hurts . Is it natural for your lungs to be in pain ? First wrestling practice went well I suppose , but if my body/muscles hurt in any way , that means I did something RIGHT ! 
FUCK YEAH !! Practice at 10 am ! hell yeah , who's pumped up to get their ass kicked ? I know I am lol ... 
Gah .. I had wrestling practice at 10am today .... was not fun either . But it was only running basically . I stayed an hour extra with a few other guys to get some extra technique practice , that's dedication . 
\I think he is trying to watch some illegal channels here ! \ " \ 
I give props to anyone who can tell me what movie that quotation is from ! 
Time is up ! That quote I posted yesterday was from the very beginning of American Pie ! 
Holy fuck yeah !!!! My mom got me Deadrising 2 Zombrex Edition ! @#$*%^ 
Well , about time for a rant isn't it ? Yeah , I thought so too . 
-Currently , white people are almost a minority , and black people are actually a majority . \ 
\ 
-You black people were born in fucking America .. you are an American .. and you were NOT a slave . \ 
-Africans enslaved their OWN people before us white people did , and sold them to us . 
-Even if you give me proof that someone in your family was a slave , \ 
think about the benefits . < PROPFEMALE > is and was better than Africa at the \ 
time , obviously , and it was completely full of opportunity for for \ 
anyone coming to < PROPFEMALE > . Your relatives knew this too , think : you live \ 
at someone's house for free , forever , get fed , and raise your family \ 
there , and all you have to do is a little work ? Not a bad deal ... 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes on friday , it was a great day ! 
Fuck you all .. Pokemon is overrated .. lol . I was going to say that I hate it , but I know a couple people who would have a problem with that statement lol .. 
You know what ? I don't usually play along with these facebook games , but this seems ok . Send me a number between 1- 1,000 and I will tell you what I think about you in a status with your number , instead of your name . 
777- Well , you are such a nice person , I'm sure you could never hurt a soul . You definitely are very smart too , with all those advanced classes you take haha . You are very kind and funny and a great friend . 
822-You have to be the coolest girl I know ! You share the same twisted sense of humor as my other friends do , got lots of common sense , cute , and you are intelligent , we or you and my other friends need to < PROPFEMALE > , definitely . 
God Cataclysm is just amazing .. Blizzard really did do such a great job on this expansion . 
Meet in Coconino was really fun ! We kicked their ass ! I could have done better ... just means that I need to run a shit ton more .. 
It is finally time for WoW !! Took the rest of my finals .. went through a dreadful wrestling practice .. showered ( and scrubbed extra hard by the way ) ... got coffee ... and a safeway cheese bagel !!! 
Congratulations Pizza Hut ! Your wings suck bigger < PROPMALE > than < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Who the hell has just mild and hot ? All you can fucking taste is the god damn heat ! Either that or dip them in ranch , then all you taste is ranch flavored chicken ! I just do not understand how people like them . 
Papa < PROPFIRST>'s on the other hand ... they have bbq , < PROPFEMALE > chipotle , unsauced , spicy buffalo wings ... and chicken strips !!! THAT is called VARIATION !! Fuck off pizza hut ... why am I still ordering from you ? Because , ironically , Papa < PROPFIRST > s has no variation in crust .. 
Ugh ... I can not fucking believe we have practice ALL next week .. even Friday ! For anyone who wasn't at practice recently , Coach wants everyone at these practices , bring your equipment on Tuesday .. or you can just call him haha . 
Oh .... MY ... Fucking ... GOD ......... I just saw motherfucking Tron : Legacy .... SO fucking epic !!! If you have NOT seen it yet ... either watch it some how .. or jump off of a god damn bridge . It was such a good movie ! The music was incredible , it is easily one of my favorite movies of all time . Make sure you watch the first movie though , or else it might be confusing , and not as awesome . 
I was going to confess my love for Archeology , but then I realized that only a handful of my friends would know what I'm talking about lol . Fuck it , Archeology on WoW is so cool and different ! I just love it . 
So I bought something online a couple days ago , expecting it today , and I tracked the package only to realize that UPS is delivering my package . I'm suppose to trust that \OOps\ " is going to deliver my package safely and on time ? Yeah right rofl " 
Wow , Toy Story 3 is literally the saddest movie I have ever watched lol . Very good movie 
HOLY SHIT !!! lmao . I found out Boomhaur's job ! On one of the newest episodes , it zoomed into his wallet ... he is a Texas Ranger ! God I have always wanted to fucking know ! 
General < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > III & Aebrax- Destroyer of Worlds 
You know , fuck religion . Who believes ANY of this shit ?! Every religion to me is as believable as Scientology lmao . Most people are pulled into a religion cause of fear , and that's just sad . Some people are very good with words , and they know just what to say to scare you , then offer you a life line . 
But it just annoys me how die-hard people some people are for their religion , and then they try to shove it down peoples throats . How could some people just ignore science .. which proves what we know is out there in our world .. and pretty much go out on a whim and believe in it ? It just sounds obvious to me , but I just don't understand the other side at all . 
So I finally stopped by Hold Fast . They gave me a rough estimate of about $300-$400 for the tattoo I want .. I've only got $120 : C Does anyone want to raise a \Kevin's Tattoo Fund\ " ? We are now accepting all donations ! lol " 
* sigh * For some reason , I just don't feel like a team player today .. I've got a lot of extra hate flowing .. and it could be directed towards anyone within seconds of saying the wrong thing . 
Rofl ... sitting here .. watching Blues Clues at 5 am in the morning lol ... fucking awesome 
You know , you varsity wrestlers are some of the best I have ever met ! I plan to continue my wrestling in college .. even though it will hurt , and I won't be as good as them . But I will be proud if I could be half as good as anyone on our team . And as long as these hulks are out there .. this world will NEVER be safe .. or always safe ( depending on which way you go lol ) 
Well .. I FINALLY beat Dead Rising 2 !!! God ......... what a good fucking game ... EASILY my favorite of all time . And now on to Dead Rising 2 : Case West . 
Gah ... fucking BORED ! Beat Dead Rising 2 .. no one is on WoW .. no money lol ... everyone is busy ... and school tomorrow . FML .. why can't it be tomorrow already ? 
Gah .. I could shower right now and play Fight Night Round 3 lata .. or vise versa . But showering incorporates shaving .. and guh .. shaving is just a lot of work . What to do .. 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A SOLDIER has only one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re-post this in their honor . 
Woo ! I just figured out how to do delt/tricep push ups ! 
I need a job , I've applied numerous places , yet , I haven't even gotten a reply ... can anyone hook me up ? lol 
I'm curious ... any of my fellow friends .. do you have any things that you are ashamed to say you like/love/ or enjoy ? I know you do haha ! Are you brave enough to post it in a comment ? 
Ahh .. have to run the mile in first hour tomorrow * cry * my hamstrings are still sore from Monday ... this will be fun 
Wow ... I delt with some fucking AGGRAVATING drivers today ... god damnit I hate them . But other than that .. Spring Break ! 
Today has been a bit of an Asshole of a day . The ONLY reason why it hasn't gone completely is because I have coffee and it is spring break .. 
All of my friends have something they are good at except me . One of my friends is the strongest and fastest person I know , one is great at math , my brother is great at writing . And what the fuck is my talent ? Fucking nothing . I don't really care though , it's just annoying . 
Incredibly fucking annoyed right now . I am not in a fucking friendly mood right now . \Oh hey there's just good ole < PROPMALE > Kevin\ " No . Just no . Not right now I'm not . " 
Ok people , fucking listen up . I am very easily annoyed and very easy to piss off , if you keep poking or prodding the beast , I will fire back , and it may or may not hurt . However .... once I let it out .. it's pretty much gone and I'm completely cooled down . I just have to get the anger out of my system , like cleansing . Once I do .. I will be nice and willing to listen , and see the error of my ways , and I will apologize . 
My last status update was just for your information . I'm just saying it so that if it does happen to you .. you won't take it so seriously , you know ? Know that shortly after , I will realize that I've been an asshole and what-not , and then I'll fix things . It isn't healthy to bottle in anger 
I am so bored lol . And I haven't slept in over a day .. why I willingly do that to myself , I'll never know lol 
Oh god ... just cooked breakfast for my bro and I .... sooo fucking good . Thick sliced hickory smoked bacon , scrambled eggs , pork sausage < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > sausage links , and a good fucking cup of coffee . And I haven't slept . 
Arizona State wrestling champion < PROPFIRST > Robles is truly amazing ! It's really unbelievable how good , and how big of an inspiration he is . 
If I IM'd you with that spam saying you were tagged in a picture .. this is still me online lol . Don't go to that link or it will do the same bullshit . If you want to help though , press alt & print screen to take a screen shot , then ctrl V in a paint then save the file . 
Then go to the link , then IMMIDIATY stop loading the < PROPFEMALE > when you see the link that says \report this application\ " then upload that picture as proof that that it is a hacker app . " 
Oh my god .... I attempted to make some biscuits and gravy . I messed up somewhere in the biscuits , they were < PROPFEMALE > and crispy on the outside , yet soft and doughy on the inside . But the gravy was fucking godly ... 
Just made a grilled cheese sandwich .. but instead of using grilled ham .. I made it with a sausage < PROPFEMALE > ! Outcome ? Incredible .. 
I need a fucking job man .. 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status 
Totally gonna shave tonight . Time for POWER BEARD ?! I think so . 
