YES !!.. that's how the Nuggets rock some faces to keep the series alive !! 

in god we trust and in melo we believe 
DAM U UTAH !!! when does football season start ?? 
ON MY WAY TO RAPID ... ILL BE IN GILLETTE TOMORROW 3076701727 ... CALL ME !! 
In rapid now .. be in gillette tomorrow i believe ... still call me tho :p 
Sittin at Bbrads .. Gillette old times new times kick ass 
Finally made it home after bein horribly an suddenly sick .. I do apoligize I was unable to say bye to lots of my homies .. still glad I got to see all of you though :) 
Fillin out job applications .. I hate jobs .. but it IS for a very good purpose .. :P 
( 8 ) .. you tell ur ( shit talking ) boyfriend .. if he says he's got beef .. that imma vegetarian and I aint fuckin scared of him .. ( 8 ) 
haa .. nice try 
Hey ;p 
So :s 
I'm more than just an option .. Refuse to be forgotten .. I took a < PROPMALE > with my heart .. And I feel it taking over\ 
\ 
I’m more than just a number .. I doubt you’ll find another .. So every single summer .. I be the one that you remember\ 
It’s more than just a mission .. You hear but you don’t listen .. You better pay attention .. And get what you been missing\ 
I bet if I give all my love .. Then nothings gonna tear us apart :) 
You win Aaron .. but admit is was pimp .!.. At least I appreciate it mucho Autumn :P 
OK .. when the bottle says no more tears .. it doesn't mean that .. it means NOOOOO !... MORE TEARS !!!! < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > claims yet another victim ... 
? she got me speedin in the fast < PROPFIRST > , pedal to ze floor mayn .. tryna get back to her love .. bes believe she got that good thang , she my lil hood thang .. ask around they know us .. everybody know thass my .. baybay ? 
.. another day .. another decade .. someone buy me a beer , for I'm not yet old enough ;P 
HEY !!.. if we don't keep all these happy birthdays on ze down low .. people will actually believe that I have friends .. lol , thanx everyone ;p 
restless tonight .. cuz i wasted the light .. between both these times .. i < PROPFIRST > a really thin line .. iss nothin i planned .. an not that i can .. but you should be mine .. across that line .. 
.. this body holding me reminds me of my own mortality .. embrace this moment .. remember .. we are eternal all this pain is an illusion 
oh you know .. jus got registered for some spartan aeronautics today .. very quite excited for the start of a great life 
startin spartan tomorrow .. kinda nervous .. mostly excited .. if only you all could see the giant hangar full of airplanes that is my classroom though .. iss b.a. 
ahh .. startin my second week at spartan .. enjoying the company of my brothers family , my beautiful nieces and my < PROPMALE > liddel haircutted nephew .. an goin to monday night raw at the < PROPFEMALE > center .. 3rd row style .. so you can watch for me on tv .. imma be the guy doin ze u cant see me .. haa !!!! 
.. 2 weeks down .. got 94% on my first test cuz im pretty much a b . a .. think imma do some night swimmin right about meow :P 
i forgot how many weeks down .. but i got 100 on my physics/aerodynamics\\thermodynamics/aircraft structures test .. which means another so-co celebratory spartan tuesday with the homies .. hey baby whas your name .?!! 
Aviation Fundies down ... 97% ... Basic Mechanics next ... bring it on SPARTAN !! 
.. 90% on my shop project , an 90% on my tools test ... F U Mr. Jaeger !!! lol 
no more limewire .. wtf 
no more cena .. wtf is happening to our world .!? 
So .. christmas break is over and now it snows .. what are you doin to my life tulsa .!? 
15\ of snow in < 12 hours + no school for 2 days = < PROPFEMALE > going sledding tomorrow .!! " 
