is highly annoyed that every time she goes on break her stupid computer develops another issue . At least her dad and brothers aren't creating unnecessary sparks trying to fix this one . 

hates to keep asking about the D.C. area , but if anyone knows anything about the condition College Park/University of MD neighborhood , that would be very helpful . 
is kinda annoyed her computer's power cord is on the < PROPMALE > again , though < PROPFIRST > temporarily fixed it by creating a lot of sparks and cutting up a coat hanger .... Now she's going to go watch that concert version on Chess from last year on PBS . 
is 20/09 . 
thinks her aunt and uncle should stop facebook stalking her . 
really really hates her computer . 
is helping < PROPFIRST > and Sgt . Tibbs move into Loyola . 
made it to the District . The first three things that happened : ( 1 ) had to wait three trains to get on the metro , ( 2 ) it rained , ( 3 ) saw a guy getting arrested . 
finally getting to go to the new American History Museum . 
was stalked by a squirel who wanted her bagel this morning and then almost froze to death in the Library of Congress . 
is still excited she got to go into the NARA stacks . And no , < PROPMALE > , they don't have the environmental control rooms like in Angels and Demons . 
' s headphones broke halfway through the day . She had to listen to a bunch of legal interns talk about their social lives of the rest of it . 
is not sure which is a worse enemy : the weather or her computer . 
needs a new watch , some cold medicine , and a battle plan . 
can't find her electrical tape , the power cord on her laptop is shot ( again ) , one of her brothers left rather than help her fix it , and the other thinks she reminds him of the medical examiner on NCIS . Lovely . 
is apparently going to Milwaukee tomorrow . Because she can . 
' s life would be a lot easier if Confederate blockade runners had kept better records instead of running around like some kind of criminals . 
finally got rid of < PROPFIRST > . It may have taken eighteen years , one month , and two days , but her evil plan came to fruition . 
actually has texting on her phone plan now . * Insert exclamation of suprise here * 
will probably reappear tomorrow five or so states over . 
loves how everyone waits until the last possible minute here at W&M . 
is not sure what to make of her Logic book containing spoilers for < PROPMALE > Potter and discussion of < PROPFIRST > Colbert . 
finally sorted out her class schedule . Funny how all her courses relate to each other . 
overheard a guy at the dinning hall say he wants to be an \old school badass\ " like \ " that French guy\ " from South Pacific . Then he started singing \ " This Nearly Was Mine \"." 
managed not to faint after standing in the ridiculously brutal sun for over an hour at Jamestown , which is good because she would have fallen into the half-excavated well . 
: Fire alarm-1 , < PROPFEMALE > getting sleep-0 . 
is pretty sure Little Shop has taken over her life as of now . 
is wondering if there is anywhere on campus where one can use Adobe InDesign . Also the Feds and the county need to stop sending her jury summons . 
is wondering if anyone has a bike she can borrow mid-day on Friday . 
is wondering why everyone is changing over to using their middle names . It's confusing her . 
is < PROPFIRST > and Silent < PROPMALE > . No , she doesn't get it either . 
can't remember the last time she slept until one . Yay for break . 
guesses she has to actually do this residential evacuation plan now . Quick , somebody give her an address . 
thinks you should consider this fair warning- the 150th anniversary of the American Civil War is fast approaching , and she likes to quote people . Today , 1859 , the raid on Harper's Ferry : “I , < PROPFIRST > Brown , am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away but with Blood . ” 
is wondering why she bothers attending Logic . It doesn't make any sense . 
is not cool with her room being 75 degrees . She wants her a/c back . If it's really 82 out tomorrow she's going to be quite miserable . 
experienced the most awkward trip to D.C. she's ever been on today ... yeah . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Biggio should check his facebook more often or she might have to do something drastic , like reveal his middle name . 
would like to remind those responsible for the map of the U.S. in yesterday's Flat Hat that Illinois is , in fact , not in New England . Also , Maine is not in the Midwest . 
has a few days off from being an air traffic controller ... er , assistant stage manager . 
wishes she had been at the coffee house opening , but had to stay behind and work on the architectural field school report instead . On a less whiney note , last three days to see . 
was going to make a derogatory remark about never having to see the ( insert insult of choice ) plant again , but was able to work out her excess anger by having a nerf gun fight in the side lobby . 
is glad she can run down two airport terminals in five minutes carrying two bags because otherwise she'd be stuck in Atlanta . 
had to get a new hardrive today . She carefully backed everything up . She only forgot one little thing . Anyone have a copy of Microsoft Office she can , er ... borrow ? 
is wondering if anyone if leaving campus next Wed . evening around five in the Newport News direction could give her a ride to the ariport . 
has one thing to say to Villanova : have a nice trip to Chattanooga . She hears the fishing is great . Oh , and go to the International Towing and Recovery Hall of Fame . 
is pretty sure her studying ability has been destroyed for the rest of the night . Thank you , < PROPMALE > Complex fire alarm . Well , at least it wasn't cold like the time she had to stand out in the snow with no coat because of stupid people setting off the fire alarm . 
spent the hour she would have regained by returning to central time sitting on the runway in Atlanta . Listening to the xm radio . Apparently , the cast of The Lion < PROPMALE > recorded < PROPFIRST > of the Bells 
' s family Christmas tree is not topped with a < PROPFEMALE > or an angel . No , it's topped with the Grinch . A Grinch constructed out of an egg . 
is eating jell-o and drinking grape juice . Her grandfather has a toupee made of green confetti paper and her uncle has a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > beard to match . < PROPFIRST > is dripping candle wax on the table cloth , < PROPMALE > is reading < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > jokes , and her dad is helping . Yep , it’s definitely Christmas with the Biggios . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , all . 
has flight problems falling out her ears . If anyone can pick her up at the Norfolk airport at 11:30 or < PROPFIRST > Collie at Dulles at 7:30 it would be a big help . 
just found a picture of her great-grandmother with < PROPMALE > Lahey , who the greatest newspaper lead ever written may or may not be attributed to . 
is now facebook friends with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Chamberlain . Life is complete . 
is still mad at air < PROPFEMALE > for their new policy on checked baggage size . Now not only do I have to pay to check one bag and keep it under weight , I have to deal with this ridiculousness . Ya know , this is why I like Southwest . 
is going to have to start lifting heavy set pieces again ( or something ) in order to start spinning her rifle again . She forgot how ridiculously heavy the stupid thing is . 
learned something very important today : Daoism is everywhere . Like the matrix . 
is starting to wonder if she accidentally sleep-walked back to Chicago . 
realized the real reason Stage Lighting is different than all her other classes is it's the only one in which she has to be told to stop participating . 
knows we don't get a lot of money from the state and all , but really angry ranting WGN caller , we are still technically a public school . However , thanks for ranking us up there will Harvard and company . 
is glad we have the rest of the day off and all , but the next person who calls this a blizzard is getting shipped to Wisconsin . 
magically got her desktop back but then saw the most recent theory of the cause of < PROPMALE > Tut's death has been pretty definately confirmed . It's lame . Day ruined . 
should have been doing more productive things this weekend , but instead she took the time to watch the Parade of Nations and all the figure skating free skates . And learn that the country of Finland is < PROPFEMALE > Claus . 
is fairly sure the crowning acheivement for the week was fitting a tarp in the back of a Beetle . 
thinks of the many things she does not understand about the tidewater , the tunnel-bridge has to take the cake . 
hasn't updated her status since she got home for break , but she promises she's doing lots of exciting things , like sorting clothes , teaching < PROPMALE > to sing Dirty Rotten Scoundrels , and going to the library . 
it may have taken her five years , but even < PROPFIRST > crashing her computer couldn't stop her from solving the secret of shadow ranch . 
lost two hours of her life today . If found , please return ; she's really missing them . 
is highly dissapointed . Really , Notre Dame ? Really ?!? You couldn't beat ODU ? You couldn't do that one little thing for me . 
feels better now that Baylor has beat ODU . She probably shouldn't care this much . Meh . 
was talking to a classmate who spent his break in Chicago , when he mentioned he went to the < PROPMALE > Tower . * Sobs in corner * 
is content to be sitting here not in last place . Wa hoo 0.1 points ! 
is suprised the College decided to turn off the heat already . After all , it's only seventy-five degrees outside . 
should really figure out her housing plans for next year ( oh , yeah , that ) . Anyone know somebody looking for a roommate ? 
is ever so slightly freaked out by the large group of people on the ghost tour who all took her picture for no apparent reason . 
was just minding her own business when suddenly she was hit by a tribe of griffins . 
has gone crazy and agreed to be the second electrician for School For Wives . 
has finally finished Como agua para chocolate . It should have had more angry disappearing ghosts setting people on fire . 
is being wishy washy . What to do about the summer ... oh , yeah , and all the stuff that comes after summer , too ... yeah . 
has made it back to the insa- Illinois . She has made it back to Illinois . 
hasn't had her team win a game she actually watched since W&M played Southern . Curse broken . Go Hawks ! 
regrets the loss of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s four teeth , but seeing as last time the Hawks even played for the < PROPMALE > Cup she was learning to write and her dad was fending off Penguins fans in < PROPMALE > , she'll take it . 
was entering death dates into the Honorary Fellows database at the American College of Surgeons and sure enough , one of them was killed by Nazis . Godwin's Law at its finest . 
wishes her neighbors would stop singing \The Mob Song\ " from Beauty and the Beast in their backyard . " 
can't believe we actually won something . Is this what it feels like to live in other cities ? 
is aquiring an interesting buch of souvenirs from THS , including a twenty-year old photo of the Texarkana Post Office and an 8x10 of < PROPFIRST > Shatner . 
is not buying < PROPFIRST > Biggio alchohol with her new , not-stupid-looking license . 
is considering her grandfather's newest bit of wisdom : \What goes around comes around and hits you in the face if you don't duck . \"" 
is off to Las Vegas . This should be interesting . 
has been home for four hours and < PROPFIRST > has seventeen staples in his head . 
can't believe < PROPMALE > to his Xbox with him to boy scout camp . Now how is she supposed to play Call Of Duty ? 
can't stand much more of this hot weather . Blah . 
got to hold a baby today . She might have also bought a laptop to replace the one the stupid < PROPMALE > one that's been dying for the past two years , but seriously , it was the most adorable baby ever . 
thought giant robots could do more damage . 
just saw Little Shop of Horrors and feels like a horrible person for being the only one laughing at \Somewhere That's Green ( Reprise) \"." 
just loves family dinners : < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > run around the table trying to hit each other and < PROPFIRST > Rutkowski tries to show everyone his underwear . This is why I go to school in < PROPFEMALE > . ( What am I going to do after this year ? ) 
is kind of disturbed we have the same predicted high temperature as Birmingham today , one that's hotter than D.C. and Miami for crying out loud . 
is still trying to get out of jury duty . Apparently being eight hundred < PROPMALE > away isn't far enough away from the Dirksen Building . 
will be on the road in a few hours . Here we go again . 
on has one class on Friday now . Yay ! 
The 24 hour play festival -- PERFORMANCES ! are tonight at 8 ( and probably 10 ); come out to the PBK lab theater and see five great shows ! 
has broken her not-passing-out-a t-t he-blood-drive streak . Mrs. Potempa would be very displeased . 
hates to ask on Facebook , but is getting really desperate to find people to help with her lighting project on Tuesday- just to show up and read some lines . ( It's Copenhagen , great show ) . 
kinda wishes her mom would stop sending her the Providence newsletters .... 
should probably remember that while detailed knowledge of < PROPMALE>'s early life and military service is considered normal in her military history class , it might not be among the group she hangs lights with at the theater . 
is under a tornado watch and her chemistry teacher let class out early because the Bears beat the Packers . Where am I again ? 
is looking for a catchy song to listen to so \The Farmer and the Cowman\ " isn't stuck in her head all weekend . " 
is wondering if there's anyone still in Williamsburg who could let her borrow/use a computer with a 32-bit Vista/7 or any older version today or tomorrow . This GRE practice test she wants to do won't download on her computer . 
will miss fall breaks here at the College . Just spent an hour watching filming of a twenty second scene for who-knows-what behind the Wren Building . Totally worth it . 
is still not particularly happy with whoever set the fire alarm of at quarter-past two when she had a nine o'clock production meeting . Still tired . Blah . 
went to a lovely dance performance tonight , though judging by the signs , screaming , and cell phone light it could have been a rock concert . 
is fairly sure singing \We Are One Body\ " doesn't even count if you take out the \ " yeah ! \"" 
is still shaking hay out of her clothes and has a feeling that isn't going to stop anytime soon . Why isn't this show called Alaska ! or something ? 
has never been much for philospohical facebook stauses or , for that matter words , but sometimes just a few words really do mean everything . 
sometimes forgets she's a history < PROPMALE > when she's in PBK past midnight . 
made a TV Tropes reference today which was understood . I love my crew . ( Also , thanks to subliminal messages from < PROPMALE > I have \Brush Up Your Shakespeare\ " stuck in my head ) . " 
is not happy she has lost her voice . Now how is she supposed to yell at the cast of Oklahoma ! The Musical ? ( Which , by the way you should come see at 8 today and tomorrow and 2 on Suday-buy your tickets in advance . ) 
isn't quite sure what to make of the descriptor \thermonuclear Zero Mostel \"." 
has three goals for the rest of the day : finish writing an approch to lighting Fifth of July in the next forty minutes , finish reading The Forever War , and not totally losing it and going ballistic on anyone . * Sigh * 
is still alive . 
is enjoying listening to the choir while working in the PBK computer lab . Much preferable to the usual creepy silence . Still hot as heck , though . 
is working at the paper conservation lab next semester . Yay ! 
is once again all alone in the PBK computer lab . Now I miss the drafting room . 
has finnished lighting design , which means no more working in the PBK computer lab by herself ! 
has an irrepressible urge to see that new Disney movie , and not even military history seems to be able to distract her . 
was very happy the kitchen was clean , but then realized it was because no one else is still here . 
just gave U.S. Military Diversity Today : The Abridged Presentation . 
is glad to ( finally ) be home , where her father keeps the house so cold she has to use a space heater to keep from freezing to death at night . 
doesn't want to dampen the holiday spirit or anything , but a hundred and fifty years ago today South < PROPFEMALE > seceded from the Union . 
has gotten her jury duty deferred again . [ Insert joke about business as usual in Chicago ] 
' s dad is playing < PROPFEMALE > for the neighbors ' grandchildren and he's way too into it . 
< PROPFIRST > Collie doesn't envy my job . 
has been slacking on her Civil War sesquicentennial history . We've skipped Mississippi and Florida and went right on the the secession of Alabama ( so < PROPFEMALE > Vining is making fun of her ) . 
