why do we drive on the prak way and park on the drive way 

I really dont wanna go to work . if you have my number text me lol 
Just loving every moment everyday . Just need more time . ha ha ha ha ha ha 
what is there to do when there is nothing to do 
i have my phone now . Someone found it yeah . 
Really tired . but still trting to watch Flash Forward 
i love you 
So its 2010 it's a hole new ball game people get with it or go home . 
Keep your hopes and prayers for the people in haiti . they need all of us right now . 
Saw daybreakers it was good . what would we do if we all became vampires and the humans raise was dying . i would be a fighter lol . 
Chillin on the couch thinking about the good ol days . 
Hanging with the cats . so my alergies are gonna be crazy ugh . 
Im so sleepy right now cant even hold my eyes open . 
I was loving the snow and i want it more but its the gone . now here comes the ice . 
How many lick does it really take to get in the center of a toosie pop somebody please . 
Mom is doing ok at the hospital . she got 4 pints of blood . yay . now she is catching some zzzzzzz's 
You know what's funny you . So you should just know facebook . 
Going to the movies . 
WORKING . 
Im not at work but im at work cleaning BS LOL . 
Ok so i just saw the blindside and everybody needs to watch it now . 
So you do or you don't . 
Had a good night . 
Frustration . 
Why do people lie just because they relationship is fucked ur doesn't mean mess us everybody flesh 
Does anybody have EAGLE EYE i really wanna watch it . 
Sit back and think of the good times that we all have because before you know it it can all be over . 
About to get a cut finally . Smiles it's a pretty day . 
Looking at the sky thinking . 
Just out the shower headed to work off at 6 . what we doing tonight . 
Working today so yeah you know what to do . text it . 
Off work and was a good night :) . 
Is work going to be good as yesterday lol . 
I have only gotten three hours of damn sleep and i have to be at work in like an hour for the guys who is coming for an inspection ugh . Come tomorrow lol hope it goes well . 
So me and < PROPMALE > where driving we had to pull over because is car almost blew up and now where stranded and have to eat food we don't like and my phone is dying help US . 
I have to go to work now people ugh lol . But big check . 
I never like < PROPFEMALE > MINAJ until i heard YOUR LOVE she has my respect now plus she is hot as he'll . lol . 
About to get a cut finally . 
So i have never bought anything from RUE 21 until today 
The INSANITY work out is no joke . 
Im up so early my legs hurt like he'll i just < PROPMALE > oat meal and had water they never said working out and dieting was this damn hard . 
Wondering why . 
So i < PROPMALE > out with my brother friends today and meet some new interesting people had fun went swimming bar-ba qued and volley ball no better baBy . 
Just thinking . 
Save her . 
Going to work and im really tired . ugh . 
About to shower brb . 
Nothing to do . 
H.O.M.E. 
Happy mother's day to all . 
Morning fb and everybody else . it's One of those days again where i'm workin ugh . 
Well i just woke up and going back to sleep night yall . 
Morning fb another day of work can i get brake or do i have to ask off ugh . Off at 1 find something to do . 
So i don't work this morning it's tonight mad as he'll could had still been sleep . 
i need more friend on faebook 
Always there for other but who is there for me . 
Drive . 
Mad because my ride is not here to pick me up and now i have to wait twenty Minutes till she get's here thanks mom . 
Waking up with me is like waking up to superman . 
Well off to work here soon you guys so you know what to do . 
I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest ... Nor have the perfect body ... I might not be anyone's first choice ... But I am a GREAT choice ... I don't pretend to be someone else ... Cause I am too good at being ME .. I might not be proud of some of the things I've done .. but I am proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or don't take me at all . ~ Copy & post this as your status if you love your life being YOU ! ( 
Is needing something to do . 
home wondering am i going to leave again so tell me . 
To damn early . 
For you to hurry the hell up . 
If you have the time , isn't everywhere walking distance . 
Paying all my bills hope i have some left gosh . 
Still awake ugh . 
So how you go ask me to come over but when i say meet me somewhere you say no and you wanna get mad . WHAT THE FUCK , If that's the case then don't ask again . 
I need to go to wal-mart but don't wanna go by myself . 
Ugh so bored . 
It's a nice day outside and i'm spending it at work 12 to 5 ugh . 
If your looking for good movie to watch JUST WRIGHT you be perfecti 
it's early . 
If only if only . 
If you ever wanted to save someone's life giving blood would be a good way to go guys . 
Ugh 
SHAWTY SWING MY WAY . 
You say you love me but you forgot my birthday ugh if you only knew . 
I am so pissed right now i just want to kill you . 
Ha ha . 
I'm thinking Arby's 
Work ugh . lol . 
Finally off . 
I'm alive but still sleepy as hell . 
They got nothing on you baby . 
Hmmm . what are you doing . 
Sleepy as shit . 
Are you serious . 
I'm off . 
About to get a nap or just sleep all night . 
Hmmm thinking but wondering why . 
Work 12 to 5 after that the movies . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > lockett ! :) 
Thanks boo for the twenty dollars 
Movie time . 
< PROPMALE > OF PERSIA was awesome . 
I'm really tired but can't sleep . 
Morning you all . 
WTF . ARE YOU CERAL . 
Bored to death . 
So early ugh why me . 
What to do what to do ugh . 
After the physical contact we just had life couldn't be easier . 
Finally home tired as Heck and tomorrow there is so much more . 
Only we can prevent what happens in your future by the chooses we take in the present because the past is already gone . 
I had a lot of fun tonight woot woot . 
Just got up . 
Omg so early . 
I need an edge ugh . 
your love your love your love your love . 
Seriously Are you kidding me . 
I'M NOT HERE TO HOLD YOU BACK , I'M HEAR TO HAVE YOUR BACK , I GOT YOU . 
Is just now getting up . 
You always can forgive you but will never forget . 
Well night you guys . 
I really wanna go swimming you guys help me out . 
Tonight was a good night < PROPMALE > out with some awesome friends saw a couple of old school buddies and the movie was even better the second time around well night all . 
I need adventures different levels magical xbox games . 
Night all . 
Ha ha ha . 
YOU GOT SPARK YOU YOU GOT SPUNK 
Work 11 to 5 then what else will i do hmmm . 
Off work yes 
Safety checks on sparkman Avoid lol . 
SMILING FROM EAR TO EAR . ONLY YOU . 
Going to work off at 7 . 
Off to work till 1 then who know's what . ' s after that . 
I better find yo lovin i better heart . 
Going back to work yay lol . 
Another day of work . vacation in two days . 
i am going to sleep all Day until work . 
Having second thought . 
If you ask me i'm ready . 
So i have to drive six hours by myself . ugh . 
OMG MY CAR WANT START . 
swimming . 
Omg i leave in an hour whot whot . 
made to dauphin island safely so yeah later 
Heading to STICKS RIVER . From what they say it's an all day thing so i may be dark when i return lol . 
Ok so we where on the STYX RIVER and we rode it down for 4 hours . Whoo i need a shower and lotion . 
so they want usto go out but im tired not use to being in water all damn day then going ou lol . 
Happy fathers day . 
We went to go find turtles and didnt find any . but i needed the walk because we laid up all day and chilled . I am so tired i need sleep but they want to go out and look at the < PROPFEMALE > and i saw the most awesome sunset in my life today whoo . well later guys 
I'm back home . 
so i like how i love you . 
I'm so tired ugh . 
Thanks boo . 
My night just went from GOOD to FUCKING ANGRY 
Every time i close my eyes i see my name in shiny lights . 
BULLET PROOF 
Coca Cola ( hmmm hmmm hmmm hmmm hmmm ) 
Just waking up again . about to shower and got ready for Worki 
There is a THIN LINE between LOVE and HATE . 
Thinking of you . 
You 
Ugh work again . 
I could really use a wish right now . 
I get so high when your around but crash and burn when you leave . 
Wondering what . ' s on your mind . 
Hmmm Tired 
Why am i still here . 
night all 
LISTEN BABY I'LL BE HERE BULLET PROOF 
Just walked the mountain for two hours . if you want to get in shape do it . But it's hard lol . 
Get it < PROPFIRST > BROWN . 
Your on my mind . 
Watching the GATES 
You always want this this way and you want that that way but what about what . ' s best for ME WHAT ABOUT THAT'S BEST FOR US . 
Tired as shit . 
Just off of work . who's awake 
Finally getting a DAMN hair cut . 
Sometimes i just don't know what to say or do . 
Just Thinking 
SAFETY CHECKPOINT ON DRAKE . 
Night all 
Work 12 to 4 then FIREWORKS . LOL . 
Work work work . 
So sleepy . 
Is feeling really horny right now . 
Just walked a trail getting in shape BABY 
Ok so i want some TACO < PROPFEMALE > who is going to bring me 2 chicken stuffed burritos 
Sleepy . 
What to do what to do . 
Off to work . 
So i got a question do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement do i make your heart beat like an 808 IS MY LOVE YOUR DRUG . 
At work ugh 
Sometimes i just want to know what . ' s it's like to fly like a bird . 
Morning peeps . 
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE WANT YOU TO TEXT AND CALL THEM . BUT WHEN YOU DO THEY CAN'T HOLD A CONVERSATION 
Just walked the trail i got attacked my creatures i have never seen before and i almost feel into a ditch . \ 
Sn : GOOD TIMEZ 
life is like a box of chocolate you never know what you are going to get 
This better pay off in the end . 
another walk on the trail 3 hours . 
It's sleepy time FACEBOOKERS night to you all . 
ONE MANS TRASH CAN BE ANOTHER MANS TREASURE 
Don't you hate when any other time you talk to someone they act like they got a attitude but when it comes to money it's like everything is all good . 
Just pulled up at work . let's hope it's a good night . 
Is really needing a haircut right now . 
If today was your last day and tomorrow was to late could you say goodbye to yesterday . 
Sitting at LITTLE CAESARS waiting on my moms cheese sticks . i wish they would hurry the Heck up . 
Just keep swimming just keep swimming just keep swimming swimming swimming . 
At home watching THE GATES with my dog 
6 more days baby 6 more days 
It's early . 
Finally off work . 
So want taco < PROPFEMALE > 
A TRUE HERO ISN'T MEASURED BY THE SIZE OF HIS STRENGTH . BUT BY THE STRENGTH OF HIS HEART . 
Off work about to shower . 
Just want to go back to sleep . 
working till 5 . 
I'm sure today is going to be an awesome day . 
I'm so tired . hey i move into my apartment on tuesday day i need someone who has a truck so if i get any volunteers let me know . 
So stressed 
Finally moved in just gotta unpack then move more stuff . 
So me and my mom just unpacked everything in my room . then we rolled coins together to get food and gas . \ 
sn : great times 
So needing a hair cut . 
still sleepy . 
Sometimes the worse bad guys can be the best good guys . 
I'm at work and I'M THINKING ARBY'S . 
My feet hurt my back hurt . but still kicking . 
Is so needing a heater right now . 
I hate when people get mad and upset when you don't do the things they want you to do . That shit get's on my F**king nervous . 
Well off to work didn't really have a good so let's hope work puts me in some what of a good mood . 
I'M JUST GETTING OFF OF WORK . I have never felt this TIRED in my entire like except when i had a BACTERIAL INFECTION i'm just not feeling good at all . 
It's to early for work . eyes burn nose stuffed ugh . 
Just got done planting a tree . Butt what to name it . 
Sitting in my room cleaning and thinking . 
I hate when people say excuse my house when each time i come over it looks the same so hmmm yeah . 
Spent $347 dollars on grocery's never again . 
It's like no matter what you do in this world some people are never happy . 
So i went to walmart to by some new pants and all these people were stairing at me and i didn't know why then when i got home i realized that i had my basketball shorts on backwards . ugh lol . 
Thinking of you more than you know . 
where you at 
So my phone was off for like 6 hours i don't know what i have missed ugh . 
At work . thinking of eating onion rings lol 
Sometimes it's easier to deliver a small lie than a painful truth . 
So bored what to do . 
Got called into work so that's where i will be for the night . 
I tried 
my phone is off again so later . 
So i have went 24 hours with out a phone and still going this is very annoying 
My phone is finally working back in business baby . 
Was doing fine but just got irritated . starting to do that alot . 
Really don't know what to say Or do right now . 
I never knew how hard it is to let someone go . 
You make shit hard for no reason . 
Funerals there are just to many tears for me . 
Where the hell is a car wash when you need it . 
Why is it always freezing cold in the damn hospital . I though they were suppose to make you feel better not worse . 
A new day a new store and new peeps . legs have a good day . 
Got some awesome gifts today . Excitment 
Gonna be a long and tiring day . but hey think about that paper baby lol . 
Just got out the shower from a 14 hour shift at work today to tired . 
I think i should be able to make love to something innocent without giving my finger prints out . 
With great power comes great responsibility . 
Giving blood to save your life . 
Question of the day . If you could have any ONE Super power what would you pick . 
well goodnight 
Ugh so tired just really needing sleep . 
If we all could turn back the hands of time we wouldn't be who we are today 
Random drug test 
The small things is life has the biggest impact of all . 
I am the modern day SURER HERO . 
Love or money . CHOSE 
My apartment smells so damn good . 
At a meeting all day . what you doing . 
Meeting wasn't that bad . almost home . 
Well i was about to lay down but now i'm at work . 
5 And i'm still awake . 
So ready for my dog at my apartment ugh 
Don't feel good 
Apartment to my self all weekend . what to do hmmm . 
About to take a hot shower then hit the sheets . 
May take dog to park to wall anybody waywa go . 
So tired of work needing some much needed rest and sleepi 
At the animal clinic with GUARDIAN finally 
Another day another dollar . 
Take caution when it comes to love . 
On the couch listening to the ticky of the clock . 
Men will do anything to get in your pants . Women will do anything to got your money . So to me it works out even lol . 
Can't explain why your love makes me WEAK . 
I'm bored . What you doing . 
Clean up time 
So i just got skype and i have no clue on how to use it lol 
Dude i'm so tired . 
Thinking of you baby . 
THINKING 
Seeing PARANORMAL ACTIVITY and i'm scared . 
So tired . 
If you want something wrong you have to do it yourself . 
I see why < PROPMALE > jones kids don't stay in meaningful and committed relationship . 
bake sale at arbyS on the corner of hunger rode and highway 72 come bye . FOR BREAST CANCER 
Pissed 
Trying to work it out . 
Is at work thinking . 
Off work . so hot shower then bed . 
Is still awake 
All will be good in the world tonight let it me . 
Haven't even started working yet and i'm already sleepy . 
Off work . now lets get warn 
If you were able to turn anything into gold does that mean you have all the riches in the world . 
I was flirting with the hustle and failure became my ex now i'm engaged to the game and married to success 
I need a vacation 
off early thank you 
Is very very aggravated 
I really need a hair cut super bad . 
May take my dog walking at the park . 
Finally about to get a hair cut . 
Still waiting on this damn haircut 
What the hell is the question game about 
Lets give this question game a try . come with the questions folks . 
Q : will you ever get to kiss me again . \ 
A : yeah you will . 
Q : do you mind me attractive and why i don't text no more . \ 
A : yes you are cute and i don't have your number 
Q : Would i ever go out with you . \ 
A : depends on how you act 
Q : will i by you some jordans\ 
A : hell Naw 
More questions 
come on with the questions . 
q : What do i rate you in your looks . \ 
a : an 8 
Night to all . 
Q : so um .... why do pirates where eye patches . \ 
A : so that when they go below deck there eye will already be adjusted to the light 
HAPPY POTTER IS SPEAKING AMAZING . EVERYBODY NEEDS TO SEE IT . 
So for the first time in my life i have work an open to close shift and it not that bad but when it hits you it hits you hard 18 hours today i just want sleep 
I don't think i would be the same with out you in my life . 
Starting the day early off to work there all day to 7 so lets go by fast . 
Is at work . lets get it . 
Ok i don't want to be bothered by no one today just wanna play my games so yeah . 
Everyone has a purpose , Mine is to love you . 
It's my birthday can you believe it i'm 21 . 
Saying thank you to all the folks who wishing me a happy birthday means alot . i'm 21 who is buying my first drink . 
Is almost at work and hoping it goes by fast . i need some more sleep . 
Just off work . It's so freakin cold man . 
Thanks for the memoryS 
Really bored at work . text me . 
IS getting my oil changed and the lady next to me has drove her car down into the damn < PROPFIRST > . Sucks for her . 
I mean your single you can do whatever you want . 
#87 YOU ARE SO SEXY WISHING I COULD SEE YOU EVERYD A.Y. JUST WAIT IT'S GO HAPPEN BOO 
#21 Just like < PROPFEMALE > . sometimes i wish i could have more lol . jk . 
#4 Wish everything could had worked out in our relationship and to be more honest with each other . 
#2121 I love you . nothing else to say . 
#7889 Wondered why we never really talked . 
#2008 one of there days i'm go do something terrible to them lips lol . 
#022 what to say oh i love you . and yeah lol 
#979 Hmmm 
#4652 I love you more than air . the things i would do for you no ONE else will ever know . 
#42 One day we go have a lot of fun in the bedroom lol . 
#20 What to say well nothing . yup . 
#911 i know you think i don't care but i do it's just hard to show it . but i promise i will make it all up ? to . 
#623 The things i would do to you if i had five minutes and some butter ummmi 
#21 Cool Ass hell need to spend more time together . like for real . 
#745 Have questions but not sure if you have answers lol . 
#777 Wish we went further with what we had . lifes not fair . 
#51 #I love you like a fat kid lover cake and where is my nephew . 
#Two hmmm your weird but still cool as he 
#111 What te say jokes 
#2014 ugh the things i would do . 
Anymore < PROPFIRST > for the night . 
#42 If i could fix all the things i did wrong i would just to make things right with us . who know's maybe i still can but would i have all your trust . 
#797 Is one sexy Ass person . When do i get a < PROPMALE > to experience that lol . 
#69 I would really love to have this position with you in sex but we can't because of ......... but anyway love you mean it . 
#999 i don't know . 
#62210 Miss you so much . when will i see yet . 
#21 even thought i have known you for only a short time i feel like i have known you forever but anyway you are an amazing person i wish thing could work out the way you want but they just cant right now . but if things were different the would but i love having you around me and i couldnt ask for someone else in my life . 
#69 asshole lol why haven't i heard from you . you got my number shit < PROPMALE > . 
#313 lesbian 
1129 i love you and your hips lol 
#856 just text me lol . 
#99 just like < PROPFEMALE > 
Is finally glad to be home . shower time ha ha . 
Is at home watching house . What else is better . 
#777 when you going to call or text me and yes you sexy 
It's snowing . 
Your the classification of a true friend . 
The true friends we make in this world is like air . The more your around the better we breathe but when the friendship ends feel like were dying . STAY TRUE TO THE PEOPLE YOU LOVE BECAUSE THIS LIFE IS TO SHORT FOR OTHER PEOPLE TO RUIN IT . \ 
LET IT BE . 
On the way to prattville so if you have my number text me . 
I'm looking for something dunm to do . hey baby i think i wanna marry you . 
I though christmas was about peace and joy . everybody at the malls are just being evil . ugh . 
Is at the hospital awaiting help . 
oh my god i have the flu . 
feeling ten times better 
Dude i'm tired . 
I love you . 
I don't wanna sleep alone tonight . 
Does any of my friend have any other friends that have an old fish tank they don't use like a big fish tank . 
Really really FRUSTRATED . 
Is needing a smile right now . 
It's a very slow and boring night here at work so people please text me if you need my number inbox me . but note it ? only will be given to a certain few . 
I hope this snow comes like it's suppose to . 
We got thunder snow yall 
brb in a few guys 
its so cold outside i just hope i make it to work ok lol . 
It's snowing again . 
It's gonna be another slow folks . hit me up . 
Is getting a cut . Then paying them bills then off to the movies tonight . 
Tell me how you really feel then . 
What to do when i get off work tonight . . 
ARE YOU DOWN FOR ME BABY LIKE I'M DOWN FOR YOU . 
Just woke up ? from a Nap 
I see already see that tonight is about to be a horrible night . 
At work ready to get in the bed . how was your day today . 
Frustration is apart of out daily life why can't we just have good days like they do in cartoons . 
Just got done watching TAKERS good movie . 
I'm so bored somebody needs to text me 
Work tonight hope it goes by quick 
Is thinking really hard about my life . 
A lady just gave Me ? some toilet paper threw the drive thru . talk about helping a brother out lol . 
It's late who else is up . 
I love you more that i love myself 
So tired 
So frustrated And aggravated 
I would rather live my life close to the birds than not have wings and not fly with them . 
When you learn to care as much as i care then you will understand but until then your just going to have that stupid look on YOUR FACE . 
Nothing to do so bored 
Top of the morning to ya . 
When is spring break . 
Just sitting back And watching . 
If you can't be honest then there is no point in this . 
I'm going to chill in a few . You might not want the cold shoulder . 
Everybody dies but not everybody lives but with you right here i'm a rocketeer i wish that i could have this moment for life . 
I'm so freakin sleepy lol . 
I want to see my baby . 
So bored AND so cold ugh . 
For some reason i can't make any calls or do text messages but my facebook is working will someone get in touch with my mother my tire is on flat 
At @t ain't never done me wrong till now . what the fuCk man . 
It ? is so dead AND boring here at work ugh 
I love to play this game because i know i'M going to win . 
Anyway my way or not you just mad 
You know what fuCk this bullShit i'm done with this . 
I so want more snow yay . 
I so don't want to be at work right now . i need a vacation . 
it's cold outside ANd i want to stay warm so who wants to stay the night . 
Why don't you just give things a try before you assume there going to be bAd 
I really want a smart phone . this phone is annoying . 
The conversations that go on at the barbershop women would lover to here . It's some juicy Shit . 
There lines at the bank are freakin long 
So you think something is going to happen between us because i get someone else's facebook post . ha ha . 
Happy Valentines Day 
So i have never been to the galleria Mall before it's huge . 
So somebody needs to talk to me ? all the way till 6 tonight please . 
Is so needing something to do somebody text me . 
House is the best shower ever created . 
Can't sleep hit me up . 
Hurry up . 
I so can't sleep ugh . 
Are you serious it's some messy folks out here before you try to get me cough up make sure you got yo story straight you punk Ass bitch 
Nobody know's how to make me smile like you do . 
Very interesting 
what do tigers dream off when they take a tiger snooze . Do they dream of mauling zebras of halle < PROPFIRST > in her cat women suite . 
Feelings are so hurt . 
ugh ugh ugh 
I'm so speaking bored . 
do any of you have the movie < PROPFEMALE > trek please tell me you do 
hello 
Chains and whips excite me . 
This is so annoying . 
First day back at work hope it goes well 
Goodnight world . 
I REALLY WISH MOTHERS WILL STOP TAGGING THERE KIDS IN PHOTOS THAT THERE NOT IN I'M JUST SAYING . SO MOM PLEASE DAMN STOP . 
The start of a great day . 
So irritated . 
If you have a skype send me your skype name in my inbox so we can chat . 
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck youi 
This doesn't change the fact hat you said it but i'm over it . 
Want you come and save me . 
I tired of dealing with PEOPLE and there incompetence . If you would just take some responsibility for once in your life . 
sexy love i love making love to you . You make the hairs on the back of my neck stand up . 
You are really on my mind 
I really really really really miss you . 
Headed to work unfortunately 
Do i make you horny baby . 
It's amazing how people can lie and think they good at it . 
How now brown cow how now 
Fresh cut 
I don't care but somebody text for the next 4 hours please Please please . 
Morning folks . Today was such a good morning waking up to you . 
someone let me hold 150 
Headed to work hope it goes by quick . 
I'm so bored and I'm never bored 
Your not alive unless your living 
If your not in my life I have no meaning 
What's on your mind ? 
Hey 
< PROPFIRST > 
What to do what to do 
What a day what a day 
Some times wonders if I should put as much truth in people as I do . 
Wishes it was easy to talk about whatever 
It's 4 20 on 4 20 
Lets play the question game 
Q ; have I ever had a crush on you \ 
A ; no but I think your cute as hell 
i hate you so fucking much 
I'm go take my dog for a walk . 
It's all good its all good lol 
It's going to be a long day 
Tired of fighting 
So tired man beeb at work all day 
Do any of my friends have words for friends on the . I phone 
This goes our to the ONE I LOVE 
Well my phone is working a little better yay 
I can't stop missing you . 
So ready for the bed 
Tonight was a really awesome night I love you 
Ugh its so hot 
I don't feel good 
Did you really just fart 
I guess night everybody's 
I swear sometimes people make me want to just give up 
Life needs to be easier . 
I swear im done I'm done im done 
My dogs first day at home by himself outside his cage hope he don't . do anything crazy 
Your such a liar damn man 
I would hold you in my arms , I would take the pain away Thank you for all you've done , forgive all your mistakes There's nothing I wouldn't do to see your face again Sometimes I wanna call you and I know you will be there 
I'm So ready to go home I'm sleepy 
Take what you can leave nothing behind . 
A pool is looking so fresh right now 
Why always wait to the last minute when you want some just get it over with . 
Really don't want to be at work all day . 
Just needs a break from the world 
Trust is apart of my life ......... I think . 
Really wishes I can clean my car out . 
There is more to my phone then I thought 
I think it would be best for things to be seperate 
Lol really . It's just one of them days 
Just in case you didn't get it yeah its over 
Just in case you didn't get it its over for the both of us 
So as I'm at the bArber shop waiting to get my hair cut one of myco workers calls and says someone didn't come to work I need you to come in early so me being the dedicated manager I am I git up out the barber chair and left I'm to dedicated 
I love you and only you 
Night everybody see you in the morning 
black : i want a relationship wit you . white : i wanna smash you . Blue : can i get your number ? orange : i like you . Purple : i want another < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > crayton is an asshole 
Got off work early tonight yay 
Second night going to sleep mad ugh . 
F.M.L. 
Is really really stressed 
Well one good thing about tiday by boss let me off super early . 
I just don't know how to feel anymore . Everything is really out of place 
So now your quite Why . 
Wishes it didn't happen . I wish I could change the past 
I'm feeling alot better but wishes you showed more don't know attention 
Had the worse dreams in the workd . Now I reAlly am scared 
I just got this damn tire and its already on flat 
@ < PROPMALE > pudigon traylor is cool 
I am so awesome 
I am so wide awake . I wish I could sleep forever . 
I seriously need a huge break from life . 
Hmmm lots on my mind . But so little time to think about it 
I wanna trust you but dint know how . 
I wanna trust you but don't know how 
Trying my hardest not to even care anymore . But love makes you do stupid and crazy things . 
I guess this shot was out of defense ? Either way it goes ... I still got nicked . 
Really wants everything to work out for the best . Please GOD PLEASE 
Don't over promise and then under deliver 
So what's up Facebook . Haven't been on in a while 
I'm so < PROPFEMALE > tired 
Sad all over again 
I can't keep up with your turning tables\ 
Under your thumb , I can't breathe\ 
So I won't let you close enough to hurt me , no\ 
I won't ask you , you to just desert me\ 
I can't give you what you think you gave me\ 
It's time to say goodbye to turning tables , turning tables\ 
Next time I'll be braver , I'll be my own savior\ 
When the thumb that cost me\ 
Standing on my own two feet 
And you wonder Why 
Good morning world 
Is just really annoyed right now . 
Really wishes you would understand 
I'm done trying brought to you by the letter C . 
Is just not in a good mood 
So depressed 
Is so ready to go . home and get in the bed 
Sometimes I wonder what to wonder about you . 
I'm on the edge with you . 
What you thinking about . 
Hopes for the best 
I am so . bored please somebody text me if you don't have my number ask . Only a select few will get it thougj 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Pesto are two of the best people in . the world 
Regrets are mistakes that memories make 
I Think the best ever 
Do dreams tell the future or what happened In the past that your not telling me . One things for sure I'm not happy . 
I love my baby . I had a blast today 
Ugh ugh ugh 
