has had a good night . ( : but ready to go home ! wish my parents would hurry . 

needs someone to txt her so she can stay awake because its almost another new year ! (: 
finally caught the gray kitten . took it in and gave it somethin to eat . its so cute . (: 
i think it would be funny if they put < PROPFIRST > lohan and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on that tapout kick boxing show , let them go at it , and the first one 2 break a nail loses . ha . 
how do ya delete stupid games on here ? i accidentally clicked on one the other day . and i dont want it on my profile :/ 
Thanx to those who hated me , you made me a stronger person . Thanx to those who loved me , you made my heart grow fonder . Thanx to those who envied me , you made my selfesteem grow . Thanx to those who cared , you made me feel important . Thanx to those who entered my life , you made me who I am today . Thanx to those who left , you showed me nothing last forever . Thanx to those who stayed , you showed me the true meaning of friendship . 
I love rumors , they always tell me stuff about myself that I NEVER knew I did . 
gosh , last night was crazy . but , my fav part was : when im tired and everything seems funny at 1 in the morning . i was watchin suite life on deck , and it was like < PROPFIRST > and the chocolate factory , and someone threw chocolate on the fllor and the crazy < PROPMALE > wonka lookin dued takes off runnin and yellin ' 5SECOND RULE!' thenb he falls over some guy and spill chocolate on him . haaaa . 
i absolutely hate it when someone does something just bc i do , especially someone i dislike ... 
haha , that was soooooo fun !!!!! i got 2 play on dads lawn mower and that things got speed !! haha i was so close 2 flippin it tho ! 
gosh , i am so , so tired of school ... but , the greatest thing they taught me 2 spell its BORING !! which is what school is . can't wait till next year when i dont have to go anymore (: 
oh my gosh , i just found out my aunts pregnant ... YAY !!!! I GET ANOTHER NEW COUSIN !! 
Take my How Well Do You Know Me ? Quiz 
'' haha , < PROPMALE > is so mad , i accidentally turned off his xbox after he played it all day '' 
gosh i hate this class . soooo boring ! 
hmmm ..... whats like the greatest xbox 360 game ever ???? 
yay ! on my way to the assembly ! finally ! 
haha just going 2 bed . ha jk 
so tired of all this lame drama . < PROPMALE > county sounds like a great idea now . 
In case you didnt notice ... This isnt a movie , its reality . the place where < PROPFEMALE > tales dont always come true . and people always get hurt . so get over it . 
haha , ( < PROPFEMALE > ) RUN < PROPFEMALE > ! ( < PROPFEMALE > ) If it's not afraid of you , don't make it ! ( hahaha im evil 2 kittys >:) . ) ha , love hangin with < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
i love how the speed limit is 55mph . and were going 80 haha . 
woohoo ! cant wait till battle of the bands ! 
woo ! battle of the bands tonight ! cant wait ! 
has high hopes for playing softball this season for monticello (: ' i dont want it 4 competition , i wana play juss 4 fun ' (: 
yay , i had such a great time working with the kindergardeners after school today , cant wait 2 start full weeks (: 
new school rule : no facebooking during class . bc its prohibited ! ( unless your smart like me and dont get caught ) haha , good luck catchin me teachers ! ( : 
i dont like bluegrass cellular anymore . my phone always messes up and its annoying :/ 
off 2 school . got 2 meetings this morning then facebooking the rest of the day i suppose (: and its finally friday ! :D yay . 
is exhausted , and happy i dont have 2 work today . cant wait till after school so i can sleep . 
when life gives you a Bad Romance , then buy a new Telephone , call < PROPMALE > , and you guys Just Dance (: 
is feeling horrible :( . 
remembers the spongebob campfire song ! C-A-M-P-F-I-R-E-S-O-N-G song , if you think we cant say it faster than your wrong but itll help if you sing along (: haa . 
tornado warning :/ and these dorks are 2 worried bout who gets 2 hold the baby ?! And the wind is like crazy !! 
is goin back 2 school today :/ oh well , atleast im not realy sick now . 
ok why does everyone keep callin me freshman !? its like i know i am stop repeating it ! 
hmm ... i think there should be a freshman hunt . especially since some of us freshman are thinkin bout getting all you seniors first . haha . 
just had the greatest day of this school year !!! so happy i could cry rainbows !! hahaha . but ik it the whole time , shes good , she gots all them clueless ! haha 
is so tired of all this over rated drama . i mean foreal its immature . and honestly nobody in this school cares . their all just worried bout theirselves . 
ah lunch was funny today . it all started with < PROPFEMALE > then ended with applesauce across the backs of my friends and the top of our table haha . 
lost my phone ): 
' cause i got some intuition or maybe im superstitous , but i think your a pretty sweet pill that im swallowin down ! to counter this addiction , you got me on a mission , tell me darlin can i get a break some how ? how could i say no ? shes gota love like woe ! ( : love this song , and its stuck in my head !! 
so happy ! I got my phone back ! ((: 
workin with the lil kids again . will someone txt me in like 45 mins and remind me 2 tell mom 2 pick me up ? 
ILY CHRIS . ( : 
is gettin real tired of this school . real fast . :/ . 
i hate how when your late for class and walk in . the teachers like your late ! its like realy . i thought i was early !?! :/ . 
i just listened to the ' hey there obama ' song written by this lil boy and it was so clever and cute !! lol . ( : 
Well go get your shovel And we'll dig a deep hole To bury the castle Bury the castle Go get your shovel And we'll dig a deep hole To bury the castle Bury the castle Bada bada bada So one day he found her crying coiled up on the dirty ground Her < PROPMALE > finally came to save her And the rest she can figure out But it was a trick and the clock struck twelve Well make sure to build your house Brick By Boring Brick 
got my phone back ! ( : but ive got like 180 txt so far and they just keep comein :/ . 
so not cool . someone hacked my brothers facebook . whoever it was . just pray that i dont figure out who did it . bc i take mega afence when ppl mess with my bro . 
( Courage ): is being scared to death , but satleing up anyways . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . (: 
OK I've already asked all my friends what idk and ttyl means and they all say i don't know , talk to ya later , do you know what it means ;) 
woo . cant wait till this weekend ! i get 2 < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > ! :D . 
im so happy . im doin great in science . i wana go 2 florida state college and be a < PROPFEMALE > biologist ! (: 
this work after school is startin 2 get over rated . 
if someone is stuck in your head ... does that mean that maybe their suppose 2 be there ? 
95% percent of girls would cry if < PROPFIRST > Cullen jumped off a < PROPMALE > but 5% percent of girls would a get a lawn chair and popcorn yelling JUMP YOU SPARKLY VAMPIRE 
hah why do the teachers ask me if im facebookin during class ? hah its pretty obvious . (: 
if one day you wake up , and find that your missin me and your hearts starts to wonder where on this earth i may , then maybe youll come back here to the place where we meet . and you see me waitin for you on the corner of the street . so im not movein . (: -The Man Who Can't Be Moved (: - 
thought so do you know < PROPFIRST > worley ? 
hates when ppl toy with my emotions ... but thats my bad bc i was acctualy dumb enough 2 trust you . 
ok i just realized .. josh's weddings comein up . now who should i have help me mess his car up ? >:) ha this is gona be fun . 
is so irritated first i cant find my memory card and now facebook wont come up on the computer . 
welp looks like i might be goin back to < PROPMALE > county tomorrow . 
haha im a mistake ? awh how funny considering you ruined my life i went from the most loved at that school 2 most hated just bc of you ... have a good life . 
on my way 2 < PROPMALE > county . 
ok idk who keeps hackin my facebook and writein stuff but stop bc thats stupid there aint no way in the world i would bc cussin especially 2 world ! Gosh . 
looks like ill be at < PROPMALE > county tomorrow . always fun 2 go back 2 where you started but now i kinda miss Monticello bc that's the school that made me . 
is exhausted . its gona kill me 2 start school tomorrow . especialy since ima be up at least another hour or two . but it was worth getin 2 her the meeting . 
come on somebody why dont ya run ? old red's itchin ' 2 have a lil fun get my lantern get my gun red'll have ya tracked before the mornin's done . (: 
it's sad realy .. i went to < PROPMALE > county to get rid of the monticello drama , but for some reason ya'll just don't get the hint , but friday its either put up , or shut up ... ( : 
so proud of myself ! ive lost 16 pounds since this school year has started ! (: 
first day of school . ( ha i feel like a kindergardener ) lol jk but today should be interesting . 
gag ! i think ima get sick ! 
loves you < PROPMALE > county high !!! 
my house friday . (: 
lol , whats up with these poke things ppl keep sendin me ??? i doubt they would acctually do that in real life . lol . 
in a second youll be raped around my finger cause i can , i can do it better , hey hey u u ik that ya like me no way no way ik its not secret . (: 
in a second youll be wraped around my finger cause i can , i can do it better , hey hey u u ik that ya like me no way no way ik its not secret . (: 
just realized i hate gym . this should be fun . 
they made me write an essay at < PROPMALE > county today . so i wrote on how monticello is better and everythin . ha wont they be mad . 
sick , goin 2 bed . 
today is so awesome ! (: 
Dear facebook , i hate you . lol - < PROPFEMALE > . (: 
got somethin 2 say then come right out and say it bc this is dumb ! 
lovely day then i realized somethin . who needs enemys with friends like them . ( : 
goin ' shoping ! (: and listenin to music and talkin to some of the greatest people ever !! ((: . 
i hate private calls where they call and its just pure silence . :/ . i mean come on say somethin atleast ha . 
whoever said it dont happen over night never suceeded because ya gota start somewhere , sometime . 
i love P ! nk and < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne (: 
love me or hate me . either way i promise you wont break me . (: 
hey has anyone heard someone say that ive been usein bad language or talkin bout somethin stupid ? bc if so then i kinda need to know like now . 
this is gona be so interesting . (: 
i hate school so so bad i can't wait till next year when i dont have to go . 
man i got it all figured out . ive got no worries that i worry bout its like i caught some crazy sorta happy disease . man it feels good to be me . (: lifes good (: 
i hate how ppl use facebook like twitter and update what they are doin every minute of the day and give details of what their doin . 
curiosty ... may have killed the cat but gave us einstien ! who used curiosity to make his knowledge grow and gave us more things to discover in science . . :D 
adison has such curly hair for a one year old . (: 
miss when i was a kid . when everyone was your friend , enemys didnt exist , nobody could hurt you , school was like daycare , and nobody had worries ... 
yesterday is history , tomorrow is a mystery but today is a gift that is why its called present . 
gettin tired of these prank calls . its not funny . its immature . 
-just got a great idea . >;) . 
frustrated . :/ . 
pizza ! (: . 
ah just had a race with my brother to see who could eat their pizza first . and he won i think im bout to upchuck blah ! but it was fun&i kinda cheated thanx megs 
gr ! facebook makes me so mad sometimes ! 
offically hates food very much . . :/ 
'' you have enemies ? good that means you stood up for something . '' -Eminem (: 
just had a pretty great day ! (: and i cant wait till this semester is over my good buddies are comein to < PROPMALE > county high with me ! :D 
i love these country songs ! and i aint a huge tennesse vols fan but i LOVE the song Rockytop Tennesse ! ( = 
im so mature i decided to delete those who dont even deserve an issue in my life and yea ya know who ya are so i now declare u delete and blocked ! :D 
GREATEST LUNCH EVER !! 
great day ! could not have went better . (= 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Minaj . and i think its awesome that she revived womans voices back into rap , even tho everyone may not like rap , what she did is still amazing . (: 
a friend is someone who knows the song in your heart , and can sing it to you when you forget the lyrics .. <3 
good luck trojans . i realy hope yall have a good game tonight . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until monday(Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for violence against children .. hmm im acctually gona do this . 
hmm ..... spongebob (: only those who have ever been close to me knows that inside joke haha . 
ah i realy hope the cats make a huge comeback and beat the tarheel losers ! (: . 
18 more days . (= 
thinks that if you did somethin bad then you should grow up and take your punishment not run away like a child ! 
hates when someone makes my bestfriend cry )= makes me very aggitated .. )=< 
loves bein out in the country . 
just got a great idea ! (; 
dear bluegrass i dont care what the rest of them say ! i still love you ! -- your loyal customer (: 
eww ! eww ! eww ! ewwie ! blah !!! 
hates snow and bein sick ! blah . :/ 
don't worry ' bout the fire , i promise i won't let you burn . 
woo ! i want in on this , so msg me a number and ill tell ya the truth next time im on fb . 
123654798 your one of the greatest people i have ever met . loves ya < PROPFEMALE > death and still think you deserve the best and that idiots need to leave ya alone ha . (= 
i love ditcy people ! (: . 
ah so scary . haha . ( 8 
baha munchkins crack me up ! ( : 
thinks its bull that my FRIEND can say somethin to be then go behind my back and try to screw me over ! wow great friend .. 
watchin horton hears a who (: '' in my world everyones a pony and they all eat rainbows , and poop butterflies!'' hah i love this movie ! (= 
'' how do you use eye drops ?! '' - < PROPMALE > bahaha i luv you buby . you crack me up sometimes . 
can offically do the dougie ! ( : 
ahh yeaa !! i can do the dougie , crank that , jerk , and all that good stuff !! (: 
can compare this song by < PROPMALE > mars to someone . i could do anythin for em , and it wouldnt effect them one bit . 
perfect song of the moment !! LOVE LIKE WINTER by AFI (: (: (: 
Inbox only ! 2010 is almost over , Confess something you've always wanted to tell me ( through message ) . It will stay between us . 
is goin to bed ! forget these rules im tired and whoever made em obviously never had to put up with me when im tired and throwin a fit ! ha im so immature (: dc 
just had the greatest time ever sledin with some awesome friends ! (: . 
LOVEs getin to help out with the talks ! and gots one in february (: cant wait ! and fav quote of the night . : you cant be afraid to be your own man , or person .. 
omg ! ice storms and its almost 2011 just think in 2012 we're all screwed ! hahaha just kidding ! 
found my phone ! :D if ya got my number then ya should text me . 
HATES shoping !!! gosh just give me the money and ill go buy my clohes instead of takein ppl have them critisize me and say stupid stuff that makes me mad . 
finds some people to be very outgoing and at times charming ha . (: . 
so im playin a game with granny and she calls me hunie and im like dont call me that shes like ok ! Play ugly !? ....??? ha i feel loved ! 
ha its funny how some people just always wake up on the wrong side of the bed . 
im havein a good time they tryin to ruin mine . ima bout watever man forget what they say . they oppinion dont count anyways . ( ; 
gosh facebook makes me so mad . 
its called the past for a reason people ! as in stop bringing it up . ug . :/ 
introuble again :/ and im pretty sure citeing the constitution and saying ' search and seizure , wheres your warrent ? ' didnt help anything ha . 
bahaha i feel loved . (; 
just got prank called , not too happy now . :/ 
just wana say thanks for all the love today everybody lol and today was a good one ! xD but cant wait to be 16 haha anyways thanks every1 who wished me a good one 
monopoly and a crying baby whos teething do not go with eachother :/ 
feeling Pre K right now . sittin here eatin my < PROPMALE > bear gram crackers and drinkin juice ! :D 
loves how the snow sparkles in the light . ha hope my brother and his fiance are havein fun (: 
just went outside in my ugg boots , and ball shorts (: \ 
-TheSillyGirl (: 
is eatin beef for the first time in forever . o§§O 
wow . how weird . obviously some of the people ive ever been close too don't know anythin bout me at all . :/ 
Over the Rainbow . Greatest Song Ever ! <3 (: 
JUST DOMINATED IN MONOPOLY WOOT WOOT PUT EVERYONE OUT ! :DD WOOO !!!! 
feelin so smart ! Watchin NCIS and with in the first 5 mins i knew who did it , how they killed em , and what they did it with . and i was right totally ! :DD 
is watching Rugrats ! :DD \ 
-YouBeMyNumbaOne 
strongly believes some people are just so immature that they don't even realise the most wonderful things they got in life . :/ 
wishes my good < PROPMALE > courtneyy didn't have to go to tennessee ... ): . 
can not believe how ungreatful certain people can be ! 
Hinder , you never disappoint . best music group ever . :DD 
is extremely happy bout how my nights have been lately (: (: (: (: (: 
watching 20 most shocking moments . A.K.A. the greatest epic fails ever ! (: 
bored and tired thinkin bout goin to bed . but ima wait up . 
wishes the flippin bus would get here . 
drama class is offically boring . \ 
YouMyNumbaOne (; 
Dear Drama Queens , theres a reason why its called MY life and NOT YOURS . so grow up and get a life , thank you , -Miss ¤heri- 
shocked . just met the most wow looking guy in the world (: :D 
talk tonight . and big speach tomorrow . yay . had such a great day . (: 
Loves givein talks . makes me happy :D cant wait to get another one . 
is gona feel dumb tomorrow considering i gota wear shorts for a mile run and its suppose to snow . * sigh * -§§§§- 
has decided to blow off my mile run today and wear pants instead lol . 
i can NOT stand it when two people wana fight and then ya always got that one idiot whos like record it really ? why dont ya grow up and get a life bc thats dumb 
hopes my brother < PROPFIRST > may take me to battle of the bands . 
i wana talk to you , but i think i annoy you so thats why i wait for you to talk to me first (: 
loves my < PROPMALE > and his wonderful sweater (: 
is changein for the better (: and im actually happy and calm now (: . 
has decided its gona be one of them days . (: 
hate how i have to see a movie atleast 3 or 4 times just to actually understand what its bout lol . 
treatin me like that only makes it easiar to forget all bout you . (; 
lovein the stage fighting ( 8 \ 
VotreMonNumeoUn 
bahaha me and < PROPFIRST > are messin with some guy on xbox live and we keep speakin spanish & hes like wana play WWE and we go with your mom ! lol and he goes si hahah 
its crazy how you dont realise the bad things youve done or the people youve afected untill the bad comes back around and it all happends to you .. :/ 
loves talking to the greatest people ever ! (: 
completely confussed 
this is me swalowin my pride standin infront of you sayn im sorry for that night turns out freedom aint nothin but missin you i go back to december all the time 
got my phone back . bout time . 
hates being sick . hope i dont fail this year . :/ . 
just got to hug my awesome < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! lol i think i hurt her tho . \ 
ThatsWhatsup143 
the only way you can fail , is to quit . \ 
ThatsWhatsUp143 
just because your alive , doesnt mean your liveing . 
is exstatic bout how my days goin to go . :D got my plans and ready for today (: 
dear < PROPFEMALE > and vee , glad to know pooh bear aint dead lol . please take care of him . \ 
-¤heri (: 
cant stop smileing because lifes good . ( : 
loves the mall especially SHOE SENSATION 
your words and your actions cant phase me a bit theres only one person who can hurt me and i promise you aint that one . 
is extremely totally like no joke happy (: 
when life gives you a million reasons to cry , think of a million reasons to smile . (: 
ah yea beast mode ! sit ups never seemed so great ! but txtin the most awesome person in the world while doing em did help alot ! (: 
sigh .. there goes my really good mood now im just sittin here worryin . :/ 
quote of the day : '' do you ever get the feeling that you peed your pants but your not sure ? '' bahaha NO 
well look at that no matter what happens somehow it always has to flippin come back to the same person this is getting so old ! 
And now I know I can't be the only one , I bet there heart's all over the world tonight , With the love of their life who feels , the way i feel when im with u . (: 
whos number is 340-1818 ? (: 
today should be so interesting . aint gona be nothin but happy as long as i get to talk to a certain someone . (: 
stomache killing me but oh well still gona make it a good day . (: 
not proud myself but good i finally told er i dont wana talk to her anymore . maybe things wont be so crazy now . -friends come and go but bestfriends stay- 
my new favoritest word : spectaculous . :D 
never thought speaking some italian would ever come in handy untill just now . (: 
feels really bad now , really didnt mean to get smart with her . ): i need to chill out big time .. 
thinks my granny is beast in an awesome way . ( : iloveher . (: 
just got my grade report thingy . its weird that im failing a class i didnt even know i had haha . 
ok away we go only thing we have on is the radio , let it play , say you gota leave but i know you wana stay . (: 
is havein one of them days already . oh well still not gona let it break me . just gona hope for the best . 
gah headache . no fun but oh well still kinda happy but then again kinda cofused ? oh well ima figure this out . (: 
i was so right . oh well just gona take care of what needs to be done . 
the things i wana say to you . the goodbyes i never even told . they way it all happened and the promise you broke . atleast i cant say i didnt see it comeing . 
anyone call me cryin and leave a voicemail ? 
take what comes and we keep on goin leanin on eachothers shoulders so weve come so far somehow were half way there were lookin good nothins gona get in a way (: 
just pulled an all dayer with chey :D 
science corups thinking . history evolves ideas . but music changes the world . \ 
allovertheworld 
dear < PROPFEMALE > matthews , Raise your glass ! if you are wrong in all the right ways all my underdogs we will never be anythin but loud haha i just heard ya fav song 
this tragic cause we had it we was magic cause i was flyin now im crashin this is bad real bad < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > now im mad real mad < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > (: knock you down 
its like i waited my whole life for this one night i just wana see you again . and dance forever forever ever its gona be me you and the dance floor . (: 
ah ! let my notebook homework and possibly my greatest song ever at vocational ): oh well i shall go get it in the mornin ! :D 
rule of hard ball it works two ways watever you do you always expect reaction and no matter what your enemy always wins in the end and expect to see it comein (: 
dont get short with me Frodo . haha . 
no way its all good ' it didnt slow me down mistakein always second guesin look im still around pretty pretty please dont you ever feel like less than perfect . 
already havein one of them days . wonder why . hm . go figure . and goin to wc always makes it worse . its gona be a long day today . 
bahaha piggy back rides are funny ! (: 
is tired and not even feeling good . eh try to make today better but class 30 mins early before school even starts aint helpin nothin . :/ 
just loves ridein ' this bus . \ 
prettygirlrock (: 
is thinkin bout just goin to bed early ah tomorrows gona be a good day , just like SuperBowl Sunday ! :D 
whats the diff between a faty and chuncky ? baha 
'' this is Kentucky , anythings possible . '' (: 
is at walmarts again for the second time today oh joy . (: 
for those who hate music ... thats why we got haterz haterz everywhere we go i think your a hater haterz everywhere we go haterz goin down fo the count (: 
thinks people need to get off < PROPFIRST > Lohans back and leave her alone , shes only human . 
ah walmarts ! (: again ! :D hope the steelers win ! 
lets go steelers ! wheres the defence !? Come on ! 
the akward moment when Fergie watchs the SuperBowl and realizes she cant sing . . . (: 
woohoo walmarts ! :D lol ima live here eventually . 
is offically homeschooled 
dear < PROPFEMALE > , you can have Heu Laori and < PROPFIRST > Depp . and < PROPFEMALE > Stamper , you can have < PROPFIRST > Laugtner . Cause i call < PROPMALE > Turner (: lol . 
had fun with meh sisters tonight they stayin the night :D this will be fun !!! Wii day tomorrow ! xD 
' whats your name ? ' ' my name is < PROPFEMALE > Phillips and im the Greatest of my time ' ' do you have a rocket ? ' ' yes a purple one ' ' why it purple ? ' ' i like purple .... ' ha 
nvm what haters say ignore em till they fade away < PROPFEMALE > been a hater but i love em in a crazy way got love for the game but im not inlove w/all it Live ya life (: 
thinks jealousy is stupid . :/ 
startin to get sick . AGAIN . g'rrr ... 
forgiveness- giveing up hope that the past could be any diffrent-Oprah (: 
dont understand why people have phone if their to stubborn to answer the thing ! 
old people at weddings used to poke me and say your next . so i started doin the same to them at funerals hahah . Its not right but i laughed . lol . 
heres a quarter call someone who cares call someone wholl listen . but dont come around here outa ya mind . heres a quarter call someone who cares - < PROPFIRST > Tritt (: 
they be like smooth what ? can u teach me how to dougie ? put your arms out front , < PROPFEMALE > side to side , They gona be on you when they see you hit dat dougie . (: 
dear snow . go away . cause i wana play basketball and im bout to just put on my shorts and go for it . but dont wana be sick . so go away . please . -love < PROPFEMALE > (: 
madden with < PROPFIRST > bout to show em how its done . bahaha . NY Giants ! ( : 
woah its me this is tragic cause we had it . we was magic i was flyin . now im crashin this is bad real bad when loves comes around knocks ya down get back up . (: 
i like blueberry waffles . bahahahaha that made my day right there . (: 
cant wait to try for 30 hours in april and to see < PROPMALE > happy . and so ready for < PROPFEMALE > this summer . gona be great this year ! (: 
oh woww .. not again .. 
just loves bein on mute (: and still dislikes < PROPFIRST > beiber :D 
id catch a garnade for you ( if it had the pin ) throw my hand on a blade for you ( if its dull ) jump infront of a train for you ( if its stoped ) . (: 
aint no stopin us now i love that song when ever it comes on makes me feel strong i told ya we wont stop . made me saved me drove me crazy . -Comin Home . (: 
aint to fond of this ' ashworth ' homeschool so far but itll be worth it i guess .. 
ya know were all screwed when McDonald's starts chargeing hiden fees on cheese burgers bahaha . (: 
my stupid fb mobiles messin up again ... :/ 
if your a bird , im a bird \ 
-The Notebook (: 
worlds dumbest ... give it up for british ! they out dumbed americans haha ' lets all < PROPMALE > a wheel of cheese down a steap hill or jump off cliffs!' you do that ha 
Is this perfect basketball weather all week (: 
just loves goin to the mall . wish i had got the nikes tho ha they were awesome . xD 
IM GOIN TO WALMART :DDD 
will never understand the reason to why people just decide to leave ya hangin there sometimes . 
I finally put it all together but nothing really last forever i had to make a choice that was not mine i had to say good bye for the last time-Call Me-shinedown 
< PROPFIRST > samler : say what you want ill take a free ferrari and a kiss anyday . < PROPMALE > bran : id just like to kiss a ferrari ... haha i love this movie .. 
cause somethin changed you were actin so strange and its takein its toll on me safe to say im ready to let you leave without u i live it up alil more everyday (: 
had a lovely and awesome day (: cant wait till tomorrow then lookin forward to lexington saturday :D 
strongly believes that the dorks at ashworth and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > should send me my stuff for school already . (: 
feels like crap again . * sigh * hate allergies real bad\ 
IGottaFindYou (: 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > the explorer with adison < PROPFEMALE > . :D oh how fun . 
ha it cracks me up when ppl have their friends call or text me when i dont respond to their msgs . (: 
oh yea ! extreme hardcore pattycake ! ah ! xD haha 
goin with my granny to watch i am number four tomorrow . (: 
gettin pumped for the NCAA march madness ! :D just one month away ! Woo ! 
yup . thats just made my day . (: 
thought bout it . and it would be so fun to be friends with Barnie The Dinosaur . (: 
hates skinny jeans with a passion . whoever made em deserves to be punched in the face .. :/ 
so so sick and tired of doin my brothers job .. 
thinks its stupid that im the only one who got introuble and that i got people blowin up my phone cause my cousins are morans 
dear < PROPFEMALE > . i found my < PROPFIRST > Hawk Ride game and the board . ya know what that means . nuff said . lol . (: 
had a good day . lot of laughs and got to meet < PROPFEMALE > Smithiser . nice person . haha anonymous hurt my feelings . bahahaha good joke ! 
to love is nothing . to be loved is something . but to love and be loved is everything . 
And who do you think you are Running round leaving scars Collecting your jar of hearts tearin love apart and your gona catch a cold w/the ice inside your soul .. 
is extremely upset with whoever it is at mhs thats lying bout me . and playin my friends like this . and whos < PROPFIRST > 8752452 
and after it all i just don't care anymore . you , may be a broken person . but me ? im perfectly fine now . (: . 
goin to the meeting . Thinkin basketball later tonight . sounds great (: 
somethin gota give , i was so weak when i shouldve been strong , its bonnie&clyde its me and you for now on .. ( = right here waiting . (= 
hopes southwestern wins tonight against < PROPMALE > county . :D 
has been havein some pretty bizarre dreams lately .. :/ 
alright southwestern ! way to go ! woot woot ! :D 
i HATE being sick ! i just wana get over it this time ... :/ 
cant wait for american idol next week ! exciteing ! :D 
i found a reason for me , to change who i used to be , a reason to start over new , and the reason is you . (= lovely song ! 
i swear i wont forget you . oh if my voice could reach back thru the past id whisper in your ear . ' oh darling i wish you were here . ' Vanilla Twilight (= 
is playin basketball :D gettin more pumped cause of March Madness ! :D 
thinks my cousin < PROPFIRST > is gona have a cute lil baby ! congrats cous ! :D 
I hope < PROPMALE > McCreery wins American Idol ! :D or that awesome Jamacian woman ! :D either way , I'm happy ! :D 
interesting day . very much enjoyed the CO visiting my family . but the hard part was seein that even the greatest ones can break and hurt cause others ordacity .. 
dad : hey sweettie wana get a burger when your done ? girl : Red Roban ?! boy : YUM !... ill call you ! * jumps out window * dad : hes not gona call you .. 
' likea good neighbor state farm is there ' ' with a new boyfriend ! hot ' ' with a new girlfriend!' ' oh so this is what you like ? ' ' mhm i was perfect the way i was!' 
just saw the biggest line of cars down town , atleast 70 or more cars all in a row ha suck to be at the end of that line . 
haha nice to know im one of the most awesomest people in the world ha love ya 2 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and chey ! :D 
had A LOT of fun workin ok with my father , and bros Mosher and Shmidheiser . still can't get over that phone ordeal . haha blew our minds . :D 
dear < PROPFEMALE > this is ur bestie < PROPFEMALE > Stamper i hacked u :P haha u rock < PROPFIRST > hawk lol <3 :) 
thinks Kentucky should bring home a win today against Tennessee ! Go Big Blue ! :D 
' hows breakfast ? ' ' they burnt the toast again !.... oh ! but i like it that way!!' haha thats was a great talk ! (: 
' a pessimist sees the difficulty in every oppurtunity , an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . ' - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
bahahaha just heard the abosolute funniest thing ive heard in awhile haha cant say i didnt see that one happening hahaha . 
my confidence is off this stage im unstopable incredable hope your traped in my medicine ball i can circles round you so fast your head'll spin . (= 
' just because someone wins an arguement , doesn't make them right . ' (= 
< PROPFEMALE > just got hacked < PROPFEMALE > just got hacked but by whoooo .....???? tehe 
i thought bout you for a long time cant seem to get you off my mind . i found ya picture today i swear ill change my ways . great song ! (= 
proud of myself for sucessfully gettin the new speakers pluged up to replace the old ones :D 
it shouldve been me ! haha gosh that was hillarious ! ' will you marry me ? ' ' BLEK ! BLEK ! Ahhhhhh!!!!' hahaha gosh cant wait till tomorrow or saturday night ! (: 
strongly believe i deserve an answer .. iknow what happened wasnt pleasent but i am sorry and just want a simple little honest answer as to why .?. :/ 
at the hospital got to see < PROPFIRST>'s beutiful baby boy ! < PROPMALE > Ray ! ( : 
great day . haha me : marco imaginary goat :( baaaahhhh !! ) haha . 
got to drive < PROPFIRST>'s car to grannies all by myself ! :D gonna be a great day ! 
spilled salsa all over my pretty pink shirt at el cazador ... :/ 
March Madness is tomorrow (= wooo !! 
March . Madness . nough said . :D 
had an awesome diner . then played futball and tried with a bon fire . had great fun with some great people . (: 
written in the stars a million < PROPMALE > away a message to the main oooh seasons come and go but i will never change and im on my way . (= 
had a lot of fun at the party last night , haha goooo speedy ! :D 
what a day , ah well , it ended on a pretty high note , and i'm happy with my day , all and all . (= 
feels like an obvious blonde ... :/ cant believe i asked < PROPFEMALE > for that number , when i have it in my other phone . and kept over looking it all night . f a i l .. :/ 
less than a month , congrats , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ( Phillips ) and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! :D 
People change , and things go wrong . But , always remember , life goes on . (= 
aint that sad . another girl just got abducted in lousville . :/ 
dawg gone that was some gooood eatin ! ya know its a good ole ' homecooked meal when everyones happy , full , and planin for another meal like that for the future( = 
proud of the wildcats ! thats how ya play a game ! :D 
dear bluegrass , you just got another enemy , --__-- sincerly , Sherbear ... 
congrats to makayla for becomeing our newest publiser ! (: 
thinks we should break the record for pioneers in april this year ! :D im thinkin atleast 30 hopefully ! im willing to help encourage all witnesses to join . :D 
gosh < PROPFIRST > looks like such a freak doin this weird wax on wax off bullcrap . 
uconn played kentucky earlier this year . the diffrence now . Kentucky's going to win ! :D 
what kind of a dummy throws up a 3 knowing they aint been hitting em and it could cost em the game ?! which it did ! nice going wildcats .. 
had a lot of fun at the wedding shower may have got a lil too agressive in volleyball tho but it was a lot of fun&always a pleasure hangin w/my spiritual fam . ( = 
