is getting my hair cut tonight ! yay ! 

had an amazing weekend . minus the now horrid sun burn ... 
is off work again . waking up in pain all night was kinda a sign not to go ... 
is still in pain . ow . 
is amazed at what just a < PROPFEMALE > amount of make up can do . 
loves fireworks !!!! 
will be okay . 
mornings are the hardest . stupid reality . 
Had a good night . :) 
internet stalking ? 
stalking internet .. 
just keep swimming ... 
why must fb be stupid ? 
thinks it's already bed time .. mmm . sleep . 
sigh ... 
AHHHH !!! HEROES starts tonight and I don't get tv stations !!!! I need to borrow someones tv tonight !!!! 
has the hickups ... 
weather proofed my apt . :) no more drafts . 
my < PROPFEMALE > died . :( 
time for changes . again . 
applied for jobs , got my new glasses , and got a candle to make my apt smell like fall . good day . :) 
That'll do pig . That'll do . 
Just sniped some one out of the washers ! Gotta be fast if you want to do laundry in my building ! < PROPFEMALE > Chow ! 
needs a topic for her paper . ideas anyone ? 
how much wood could a wood < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > if a wood < PROPMALE > could chug beer ? 
is apalogizeing . I am so sorry . I'm gonna be a hermit for awhile and get my life back in order . 
yes .. I can not spell . 
Yay ! Bowling ! 
miss the aunts ... 
IS SUPER EXCITED . I get to see new < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!!!!!!!! 
Thinks facebook needs a dislike button on things ... 
is making spaghetti in to small of a pot . ops ... 
had a love affir with the hot water heater ... 
thinks hot apple cider is awesomeness in a cup . 
I LOVE GLEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is procrastinating . But I've already cleaned the entire apt and am quickly running out of things to do ... 
Advienne que < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Stupid weather ! Stupid job ! Stupid money I need ! They better let me leave early tmrw . I am NOT spending christmas in < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!! 
gets to sleep in ! woot !! 
Glee comes out on DVD today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
LOVES music . <3 
Here we go again ... 2010 don't let me down !!!! 
Is bored again . 
duck , duck , llama . 
is home . 
is now phoneless . text < PROPFEMALE > if you need me before saturday afternoon . 
is cooking . 
is dreaming of a lazy spring day , with the windows open , the distant sound of thunder randomly drifiting throughout the air , and someone to < PROPFEMALE > up against while reading a good book . 
feels like a kid on christmas morning . new books to read can do that . :) 
Just an fyi for my pilot friends , < PROPFIRST > Velasquez is now a Certified Flight Instructor . 
probably shoulda studied ... 
really really really really really really wants to go to the gym . stupid knees . 
is way super cold . 
is saddened by all the bs . the weather needs to be warm so I can go for a ride and get clear of this drama .. 
has doubts that she will ever use her itunes again ... hello pandora . 
misses her blackberry ... 
for some strange reason I thought this upon waking , ' oh crap I don't have any green on ! I need to find some before I do anything else!' than just now realized it's not st. pattys day ... 
has hives . ugh . it itches ! 
my computer apparently crashed at 10:14 . but didn't . Chrome is still running but I can't access anything regarding windows ? 
hermmit time ! 
dropped her pizza . twice . really ?! 
Looks like it's Jayhawk for dinner . yummy ! 
ahhh . spring break . I think it's nap time . 
Can't wait for April 13th !!!!!!!! GLEE !!!! 
is wearing a cowboy hat . 
anyone want to study for me please ? 
just realized its thursday ... YAY !!!! 
is bleeding purple ! Go Cats ! 
needs < PROPMALE > road ice cream . someone wanna bring me some ? 
is debating whether to ride my bike around all day or ride my bike around all day ... why do the choices in life have to be so hard ?!?! 
feels bright for forgetting her book for the open book test this morning ... thanks < PROPFIRST > for letting me borrow yours ! 
is in shoe happiness . <3 
Dear neighbors , please stop walking around . I am trying to mooch off of your internet signal and you are interrupting it . Thank you . 
alarm clocks only work if you set them ... 
I apparently forgot to sign my taxes ... now it will be twice as long before I get my refund and a < PROPMALE > to see a doctor about my stupid knees ... ahhh life you are my bane . 
would like new knees . please . ow . ow . ow . ow . ow . ow . 
love glee . :) 
...................... is about to cry because my professor is such an idoit . 
is it wednesday yet ? 
I'm happy in my skin , being myself , lets dance . 
Ahhh . the bliss of clean sheets . 
Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Again . :) 
is wishing she hadn't worn flip flops ... cold toes ! 
NEEDS A DESK JOB ASAP !! 
wants to go back to bed . 
hates being crippled . 
LOVES Spaghetti . 
I'm a gleek . :) 
got stung by some random bug . it was epic . my wrist swelled andmy arm got all blotachy . 
Malibu+Anna = Good . 
Happy May day ! 
is thinking . could be a bad sign . maybe I should nap instead ... 
is topping off her good day with some < PROPMALE > road ice cream . ^_^ 
doesn't feel so good ... 
is barefoot . :) 
would like something to go right for a change ... 
shorts one day , long sleves and jacket the next , ahh Kansas how Ilove thee . or is it lothe ? 
which to take : PSYCH or SOCIO ? 
is so unmotivated to study for my final in the morning ... 
has to swim a consecutive 300 yds . crap . i need a pool to practice in asap ... 
cereal for supper . mmm ... 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
Dear thunderstorms , I would really really like to see you . But could you maybe hold off until after I go swimming this evening ? -Thanks 
wishes for sleep . wish I was either a harder sleeper or the people in my living room would leave ...... 
WOOOOT ! Done with finals !!! Kansas City here I come !!! 
wants to move to Kansas City ! 
yesterday = epic . today Chipolte+Cabelas = happiness . 
has been awake for 30 some odd hours .. ugh . 
Good night world . 
is watching Dr. Who while waiting for LOST . :) 
6 years all comes down to the next 15 mins ... 
what the crap am i supposed to do on tuesdays now ?!!? now I'm LOST . 
feels like kicking something . 
Please put this on your status if you knew , or were related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste . Will You make this your status for at least an hour ? 
is bored ... 
is super elated !!! my desktop computer just came back from the dead !!!!!!! 
is unmotivated to move from the couch , yet is extremely bored sitting here ... 
to accept the scholarship and hope the rest shows up between now and August , or not to accept and still hope money shows up before August ? ( to accept would mean going full time and would cost me more overall than if I don't accept)(but maybe fasfa will come through with a < PROPMALE >?) I have to make a decision tonight ... 
would really like to know who called me twice at 1:15 this morning ? 
... the bravest thing of all ... is to hope ... 
just looked up the symptoms of mold poisoning ... and now I DESPERATELY want to move . not cool . If any one knows of nice places for cheap in < PROPFEMALE > please let me know ! 
is chilln at the Smoky Hill River Fest . I think there is a funnel cake in my future ... 
loves the deli people . 
would like a hug . and $ 10,000 . 
oh FreeCell you no longer pose any challenge for me . sigh . Time for something new . 
Can we pretend that air planes in the night sky are shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now ... 
went on her first poker run today . :) <3 riding through KS . 
is seriously craving cake . 
ugh . to my neighbors , A . just because you haven't seen my car move from its parking spot since Saturday doesn't mean it didn't . and B . I can hear your entire conversation , please go inside , I want sleep . 
got a second job todau\ 
y ! woot ? 
would like to take dance lessons . 
pray for my momma . please and thank you . 
mom is out of surgery . went well . they removed a tumor the size of a plumb and part of her colon . doesn't look like it spread anywhere . thanks for the prayers ! 
is saying adios to sleep . 
spent the day with mom . She's slowing improving . Hopefully home tomorrow . This will be a long week ... 
26 misquito bites . that's what's on my mind ! ugh !!! 
is 99% moved . yay ! 
just had another lifeguard pass out right in front of me . 
is getting paid to watch the storm . :) 
doesn't have to work for the next 15 hours and plans on sleeping 11 of them . :) 
Oh ! who is < PROPFIRST > Galt ? 
does not reccomend taking a 5 hour energy , 2 alieve and no food together ... 
needs shoes that are as comphy as my flipflops . 
dear body , I would like to sleep now . please ? 
lake lake lake . :D 
pretty sure I just made Chewie's day . 
wooo ! first day of classes . ^-^ 
is cold sitting in Spangles . wish I had internet at home . :/ 
ahh small town Kansas how I love thee . 
just had a cute guy pull up next to me at a stop light on this < PROPFEMALE > little scooter and asked if i wanted to race . 
Dear allergies , Please go kick someone elses butt . Thank you . 
would really like to stop sneezing now . please ? 
is really hoping the rain waits till 1 ... down side to riding the bike . 
has new music !!! EEEK !!! 
sooooooooo booooooorrrrreeeedddd ...... ah macroeconomics how you stimulate my thoughts . 
HATES the devil . ( ie walmart ) 
is wearing her bright red shoes . :) 
nap time ? I think so . 
Eeeek ! I got the job !!! 
LOST MY PHONE . Phoneless till Wednesday !!! 
Yay ! Didn't have to wait till wednesday ! New phone ! Now I need < PROPFIRST > ppl !!!! 
When did this dagger get stuck in my head ? 
<3 me phone ! 
Has found a new favorite . Dillons chinese . Mmmmm . 
Turkey , Korea , or < PROPFEMALE > . Pick one please . 
Has learned today that when a cookie recepie says half ... it means half ... 
I like it on the floor . 
Is wondering why her upstairs neighbor feels the need to play classical music extremely loud at 11:55 at night . And why she feels the need to dance to it . ( okay she could just be walking but it sounds like ekephant foot falls . ) 
Just got chewed out by a guy in a wheel chair . I now feel like the scum of the earth . Thanks wheel chair guy for ruining my good day over your pet peeve . 
HATES fb touch ! You hear me fb ? FIX it . That is all . 
Accidently left a candle burning when I left this morning ... ooops ... At least my apt smells good now . 
Wants mexican food , someone to write a paper for me , a hug , and to stay in bed all day . 
Change is instantaneous , it's the deciding to change that takes so long . 
Dear procrastination , this relationship we have is no longer going to work for me . Please leave me alone to be my productive self from now on . Yours truly , the girl writing the paper that's due tomorrow ... 
my head is full of poems and rhymes . 
Is amazed how much warmer the one degree difference on my thermostat makes . 
Just got all of my Christmas stuff out . :D ( yes I know I broke my own rule of not till after my bday but I won't have time then ) 
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321 
is cold . 
feels very loved today . Thank you all for the birthday wishes !!!!! 
YAY BABY GRACE IS HERE !!!! 
seriously . loves . glee . 
Is watching Tailspin episodes and feeling like a little kid . :) 
IS ON VACATION . :) 
is soooooooooooooooooooooooo cold . 
Is haveing a great monday . Odd . Maybe its good < PROPFEMALE > making up for last monday . 
2 pages down , 6 to go . I will beat you tonight you evil final paper that has been sucessfully ignored all semester !! 
Is going to be a mall < PROPMALE > when I'm old . 
Take a nap , read a book , put laundry away , go grocery shopping , or watch tv ? take a nap it is . :) <3 winter break . 
is dangerously bored . 
my back feels like it is in a vice . ow . 
Hi , my name is < PROPFEMALE > and I'm an orange juiceaholic . Mmmmm . 
Cannot feel my fingers ... In my apt ... 67 is waaay to cold !!! Summer please hurry I cant afford to turn the heat up !!!! 
is considering being a hermit again . or maybe hibernating till its warm . life is so much simpler under warm blankets . 
Is having slight confidence issues . going to wear my favorite heels around for awhile ... 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
LOVES uncleared parking lots and ice . 
Can't sleep . 
Oh my , tomorrow morning you came to fast ... 
Theres always money in the banana stand ... 
I GOT A SNOW DAY TOO !!!!!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants A : to do my taxes , B : warm weather , C : a swing , D: to win the lottery , or E : a good nights sleep ... 
finally put my tree away . Sad panda . It was so cute . Oh well , bring on summer !!! 
is not watching the superbowl . :( 
how many m's are there in an r ? 
Happy mamosa day !!! 
Octagon of doom ! EMAW . 
feels loved that my sisters stole my pictures for their profiles . <3 
Warm air is my happiness . <3 
Made an entire pot of extra spaghetti sauce ... And left it on the counter all day ... ugh . 
:( 
' with the father ; can't you see him smile ? ' miss you already gma . <3 
is exhausted . starving . emotionally drained . and behind on homework . 
is on the road to Freeport KS . 
feels like a little kid . Tonight I will be dreaming of blue pickup trucks , cardboard castles that are being attacked by death otters and defended by skilled wordsmen wielding funnoodles . I love reading my email . 
Wants to be floating in the middle of a lake right now . SUMMER HURRY UP & GET HERE !!! 
My apt still smells like a wire is melting . My landlord looked at my furnace but idk if they fixed it . I hope it doesn't catch fire while I sleep ... 
Is banging my head against the wall in hopes of getting it to stop throbing . 
wants to be the girl who is on fire . 
Ate a happy meal . It worked . I am happy now . And have a cool little < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in a blue dress . :) 
Well , I almost made it all winter with out a stupid cold ... 
EEEEK ! Atlas Shrugged comes out April 15 !!! 
I'm so very , fly , oh my , its a little bit scary . 
is having my own fake pattys day in < PROPFEMALE > . :) I will pinch you today if I see you and you have no green on . 
wants to go to the park and swing . 
Loves cat naps and caffeine . 
so being in a car with quarter size hail is kinda a little scary ... 
is glad it's wednesday . 
I've enjoyed spring break thus far . Hiding from people , reality , and pretty much all of my responsibilities makes me want this more often . I've heard weekends can be like this . I wonder if my summer will have a weekends in it ... 
can't sleep . :s 
Yup its monday . I locked my keys in my car . 
thinks there should be at least another 5 hours added to everyday ... or the ability to temporarily clone ourselves to help catch up on life ... 
I hate that it took an entire day for my motivation to kick in .. ugh . 
wants to move to Belize . right now . 
first official sunburn of the season . 
Dear trash man , Thank you for coming at 6:30 and stealing the last hour and half of precious sleep from me . Please fall off a < PROPMALE > . Yours truly , miss grumpy . 
Just discovered the library ... 
Just deleted all the texts in my phone ... Hope there wasnt anything important in those ... 
is thinking about chaining the door to my building shut ... I don't think the neighbors realize how loud it is with this wind . 
is in love with * seahorses * and my custom chill music station on Slacker . <3 It's been a great morning . 
Loves the Kansas City area . 
Chers devoirs , s'il vous plaît disparaître . Ou du moins écrire vous-même . Je vous remercie très aimablement , cet étudiant . For some odd reason saying it in French makes me feel a little smarter . even if I just googled the translation . 
to everyone in my life , please randomly break out in song and choreographed dance whenever I'm around . that is all . <3 
Got my picture taken with < PROPFIRST > ! Epic day this has been . 
Good night world . oh and tmrw please suddenly have 6 extra hours in the day , but just for tmrw , when I wake up . That'd really help a sick girl out . 
< PROPMALE > brain pain . makes it kinda hard to write a paper . ugh . 
finally has a thesis for her paper . boya . with an hour and half to spare ... 
Dear Mondays , please die in a firey plane crash . Thank you . 
FANTASTIC . all of the research I found yesterday , didn't save to my flashdrive . again I say , I HATE YOU MONDAY . 
won the lottery . boya . 
HAPPY < PROPFEMALE > WARS DAY !!!!!!!! 
