Time is up .... Now I must , once again , work for my pay . 

Wowza that was a shaker ... I hope all of you are good . 
Cruzin ' smooth .... thank you car salesman of the year !! Huge weight off my back . Now , for a nice n easy weekend . 3 cheers for relaxation 
Let's do it with LOVE ... You inspired me today M.J. 
Got some of my energy back yay ! Now , I gotta get on my body AND money grind ... Get ' em !!!! 
Damn Colbie , didn't know you got it like THAT ... Had fun with Hart and all my loves last night 
Do not get discouraged with life , for the power is in you to change it . 
Live gently and remember to smile . 
Hmmmmmm ... the universe sure told me something , but what does it all mean ? 
Smile . Just smile and the world will seem brighter . Even if it is only a bit brighter , or for only a short while , that moment was made a little better . 
A change in the collective does not happen \ 
until the change happens in the individual . The individuals make up \ 
the collective . This is why we are here . We are looking at the \ 
collective insanity and seeing how it works , and that is the first \ 
step in liberation . 
Less than 3 weeks of school ? That kinda went crazy fast whippy style .... 
School is almost done ... I'm so excited but a bit sad too . This will be a much needed break , although , I will miss all who won't be returning next year . 
Wants to go to the < PROPFEMALE > concert so badly ..... 
Happy Birthday to my little cry baby < PROPFEMALE > ... Six years strong . Get ' em girl ! 
Celtic came and played their best ..... they still lost ! All you Laker haters can't creep forever . That's what happens when you don't keep it at home . 
Damn , I thought I could rock the slippahs while playing basketball ... rolled ankle said no ma'am . Island style rejected . 
I like-a like-a cookie !!! Oh , starting to miss the kids . 
You're not my uncle 
Hold onto something ... Its about to get cold in here . Grab a jacket before taking hold of that something you were gonna grab on to . 
Had a good 4th with the fam and saw a few long lost adoptees . Vacation is officially over . Now , its time to get right ; get it tight . Haha Let's get this , Hookuh 
Alert ! Watch out for oncoming trucks kickin ' rocks all over your face through an open window . 
Had fun at the river . Faught against treacherous rapids , visited Narnia and vampire walked out of the water just in time for work . Talk about putin ' in some work . 
You know Gym , I really appreciate what you do for me but your insides are cold , hard and unwelcoming . I'm ditching you for Yoga ; a much more gentle soul . 
Never wants to hear the damn ABC song again . I'm glad you got that down < PROPMALE > , but honestly , do you have to hum it 57 times ? I love that proud grin though . 
J-Boogie was absolutely incredible and Katchafire got down too ... and we did it all V.I.P. How many vips do you know ? The wedding was good too :) 
Feeling confused and a bit like I'm getting the shaft . Thank you state cut-backs ! 
Woke up with a smile , the trees are getting a drink outside , and the Annex re-opens today . Its about the little things really . 
As I watch others pass by I wonder , if a few illuminated people can change the world so dramatically , what would it be like if we each took notice to the grand , innate power that lives within each of us ? Imagine if we each gave first and expected never , or loved first and mistrusted never , or saw connectedness instead of division . What if we each came to realize the true possibility of all ? 
Feeling more centered . Funny how a bit of illumination can put you at ease . 
is so blessed to be surrounded by some of the most beautiful beings each day . I learned so much from everyone today . Thank you for all the shared wisdom . 
Blood stained eclipse is phenomenal . 
When life gives you lemons .... squirt them in the eyes of all who do you wrong 
I have a little over 2 weeks to find a place to live , without savings whaaa whaa . Illumination shines on some wicked truths , but atleast I'm not in the dark now 
Just like moons and like suns , With the certainty of tides , Just like hopes springing high , Still I rise . 
What is a friend , but a cooling of strife and a wiping of the brow . 
Past what I thought to be true , becomes seen even more than I knew . Love exists here and there . Love exists now and then . Love exists within , but never without . Somehow , whether life is lit or cast in shadow , the grace of God is revealed . A Divine comforting presence fights through the mind to inevitably settle back within the soul . 
Hollows create emptiness , but within these holes of the soul , a space is kept for growth . 
Watch Zeitgeist : Addendum ! It will shatter your perceived reality and fill that empty space with the truth . It was one of the most enlightening 2 hours . 
Yay ! I'm alone tonight . I love my family , but wow am I happy to hear my own breath . 
