traveling again ... tomorrow .... 

addicted to war games 
I CAN FINALLY DO THE SPLITS !!!!! 
is excited to be hanging with my old group alllll day long !!! 
PAINTING ON A ROOFTOP WITH MY CRAZY FRIEND !!!!! 
spent the day on the roof again 
past times with good old friends 
needs to paint but will instead read more < PROPFEMALE > wars crap . I need to work out . 
hell yeah Im painting my life away !! 
just rode the millennium force and feels pretty damn good . 
if I run 2-3 < PROPMALE > a day , am underweight and still have high triglycerides , the fucking standards are wrong . 
cell phone temporarily out of commission- may last a while . call my home phone if you need me . or shoot me an email . 
5 hours of physics in one morning . what the fuck was I thinking ? 
-_- what is it with teachers who refuse to demonstrate math problems . 
is one lucky cat . 
collected collected golf ball-sized hail . torpedoes from god . 
got rear-ended . yay . 
painting her ass off for work . 
mononoke and physics . what a combo . 
needs some coffee for a long night 
tree fell on my house . >.< no real damage . just a lot of chopping , sawing , and pulling . 
lccc is a < PROPMALE > . 
all zenned up !! 
wiped out 
gonna drink a ton of coffee to get through this week 
is almost done with the most awesome costume ever ! 
ok . just end the semester . 
counting down the days 
scheduling for next semester is going to make me cry 
I am mastering this circuit business !!! 
burnin out . c'mon finals ! lets get it over with . 
whooo finals time !!!! whooo .... 
so Im learning about weapons grade plutonium . I love chemistry . 
In retrospect I have influenced LCCC to some degree in just one semester ; we are now allowed to have coffee in chem and physics labs . as seen in the lab rule amendments . 
< PROPFEMALE > wars . 
Got good friends alll over- thanks for the good lucks everyone ! 
WHOOOOO NO MORE PHYSICS !!!! 
Thanks everyone !!! 
Jeeze !!! Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I hope everyone's enjoying their holidays :) 
freakin misses cafe aroma 
I just looked at my statistics book ... and it's ugly . 
< PROPFEMALE > CAN do statistics . but got hit by an ironing board . while doing statistics . 
doin the \please cancel classes\ " dance " 
will try to maintain a positive attitude towards LCCC's cancellation policies . or lack thereof . no , no I'm pretty pissed off . 
.... and this statistics thang wont end well at all . 
killing the shit out of the hoard , because it's soooooo much more fun than homework . 
coupla shots and lots of bengay and Im in the happiest , stinkiest , most comfortable world . .... with a paper to finish . right now . 
this weather reminds me of that time a few years back when I was driving through the boonies of firelands and my car's catalytic converter died . So I got stuck in the middle of a corn field at the start of a wicked thunderstorm with metallica's \Blackened\ " playing . I forgot the point so I'll make one up . Bring good music in case bad shit happens . " 
I really hate it when men call my house and try to tell me how to vote on women's issues . I just fucked up their demographic for good . 
Verizon users- I needa know who's got it , cuz you're free on my phone :) 
I'm updating my phone and need to know who's got verizon- cuz you get a tick < PROPFIRST > for being free to call :) 
After over a decade of determination I finally discovered that secret dosage that leads to coffee nirvana . and I have become coffenlightened . 
wow . lab today had better involve blowing shit up , or I might be sad about missing this weather . ... and it doesn't :( 
loves chemistry . hates deadlines . 
is thinking this chem test will need to be curved ... 
is worried that my cat is trying to eat the bengay off me :P 
It's all official-like , seeing as how it's in facebook . :) He finally popped the question !!!! 
the more beer I drink , the easier chemistry gets . 
so I walked into a restaurant last night , and asked for a pot of coffee , because it was going to be a long night . The waitress literally gave me a pot of coffee . 
free iced coffee day + uber bio chem exam = bring it . 
so ... one test down , 5 exams tomorrow ( yes , 5 ) and one in stats next f-ing wednesday . taking advantage of free coffee refills during finals week . 
After 5 exams today , I think this Pumkin Ale I've been saving is dead . 
yep . love < PROPFEMALE > paint . 
just took me a 10 mile hike in the middle of nowhere . um ... I am very tanned now . 
< PROPFIRST > Sagan , you may be a hero of mine , but you put me to sleep faster than a concussion . Therefore , it's the Cosmos tonight . 
... ever notice how humidity makes everyone frustrated ? 
happiness is wearing pajama pants and an obnoxious shirt on a monday . 
hurts so good . 
officially , it's off to chicago for the both of us ! :) 
... what do I like more ... Star Wars or the Aliens/Predator franchise ? Summer = Sci Fi . 
my cat will never eat her canned food . but holy balls if I have an apple or buttered toast shes all about it . 
black river reservation = wow 
creeping death has caught me :( blech . 
ass-whoopin ? sure . I'll take one . it's all good . just give me some icy hot in the morning . 
repo ! the genetic opera = awesome 
reliving the 90's with a marathon of < PROPFEMALE > . which may have been the best part of mtv in the 90's . 
to the city of < PROPMALE > ; you caught me ; and I wasn't even doing anything cool . Anyone have good ticket stories ? 
Perseid Meteor Shower in Tim-buck Nowhere = Excellent !! 
yes , well packing certainly blows . 
oh my god they have an < PROPFIRST > scissor-hands my little pony !!! that is so inherently sinister and adorable ! 
Most of my stuff is boxed up and in the garage . Move-day is Wednesday . Sweet . 
hmmm ... as my bed is all packed up , I guess I get the couch tonight . 
< PROPFIRST > and I made it to school in one piece- this place is awesome and the school is fantastic !!!! I love it here ! 
another day with the dead- whoo anatomy lab ! 
so the smart board in my histology class went down and for some reason my professor didn't seem to like my suggestion that she teach us about muscle cells in the form of interpretive dance . no one likes my ideas . 
.. and good night world . I'm out . 
yeah can I just go back to bed now ? 
I now have a pink squeezie-ball with a happy face on it . Awesome 
super-hard midterm worth half my grade is now . rawr . 
c'mon eyes , stay open ! 
yum wine , die hard , and good company :) 
nay dr. christianson . nay . 
I am being wrestled . 
I am fascinated with blood flow .... Imagine that . Too bad Ive gotta get this down in 2 weeks . 
went to IKEA today for the first time ever . and holy balls- that place is amazing ! 
ohhh boy .... formaldehyde in the morning .... X_X 
So the < PROPFEMALE > city it is ... Ive never seen wind last for days . In other news < PROPFIRST > made my day 
so every exam that could happen is happening this week . and Im sick . But there's coffee and if I get through this there's another trip to IKEA involved- so lets get her done ! 
so going to a school with massage therapy students just got me a free 1.5 hour massage . and right before midterms that was well timed 
Good luck on the anatomy exam guys !!! 
still studying ... 
$100 for a library card . a year . ... I can see this village and I will have a love-hate relationship for the next 4 years . 
I can't wait till christmas 
< PROPFIRST > - \so the caster casts sickness . character will get sick\ " \ 
I have literally studied 8 chapters in these past 5 hours . That is pretty epic . 
... and that was my second full body massage . It just keeps getting better ! 
definitely snowing . 
whoa . anyone checking out europe right now ? scary 
I just went out to do my laundry , and even the back alley is crammed full of black friday craziness . ..... it's a shut in day today .... 
I can't be the only one who puts a < PROPFEMALE > cane in their mouth and pretends it's a pipe . 
I have spent 26 hours in the anatomy lab this week as of today , and ' m pretty sure my insides are being preserved as we speak . 
flu and strep with finals in three days . my life is a high-stakes game . 
Good luck everyone on your finals !!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > you made my day !!! 
Just got back into Ohio last night ! Hell of a drive- call me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out because I'm in southern ohio until the semester resumes . Happy holidays everyone ! 
Midnight car rides in the middle of nowhere = so awesome 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes- I'm lucky to have so many awesome friends !!!! Happy Holidays and all that jazz !! 
for the record , I needed 3 more weeks off . let the semester begin . 
seriously , I just ask and the universe provides . now for some matcha tea and biochem . 
I think I died in the 60's because all I can listen to lately is 60's hippie music . 
photoshop : we are not friends . ever . 
Saw Fire and Ice and holy crap I love Frazetta !!!! 
Writing a curriculum vitae is kinda like a < PROPFIRST > on the back . If you have life experience ! ( and I don't ) . 
in an effort to curtail students from doing poorly due to heavy work loads , the school has decided to ban dropping classes past the 4th week of classes . what the fuck are they smoking ? 
sweet !!!! sleepinig in wednesday !!!! everyone be careful on the roads- I have an extra bed if anyone gets caught on the road tuesday/wednesday 
cross your fingers and hope the storm hits early so they can close school extra early ! 
I am in denial of winter , therefore I am making a tropical mixed CD . Any ideas for songs other than Margaritavill and Kokomo ? ( cuz I already have them ) 
Had 20+ acupuncture needles in my feet , hands , leg , and neck . This is a new kind of stoned . 
wow business class is a downer . mental fortitude ! 
lipids , you do not amuse me ! 
mmmm ..... sushi date .... 
Had chinese cupping today , accupuncture , a massage , and an adjustment . In all , I feel super chilled . And I look like a Cthulu attack victim . 
yay for thunderbolts so strong they set off car alarms 
coffee nirvana !!! 
huh . It all makes sense after a glass of wine and some good food . go biochem . 
Wait , Ohio ... did you just ban the ability of workers to strike ??? So how is that not a violation of constitutional rights ? I mean , now lots of people are going to strike and then what ? 
glycogen synthesis makes me feel like the biggest nerd . go food !! 
free massage !!! 
