drank an entire bottle of reisling ( thank you < PROPFIRST > ) having a happy new year so at Kires ' house . 

Thanks to all of those who have already , or will be , wishing me well for my birthday . I get to go see Avatar in the IMAX before doing dinner at the Cheesecake Factory . I am happy :D 
Capricorn : You will spend all day convincing yourself of the right thing to do , and then do the opposite . . . ( Aah , procrastination at its best . ) 
is again wondering why the hell she waits till the last minute to turn in papers ? GAH there is so much to do . 
waiting for the inevitable onslaught of neighborhood fireworks . The cats are going to freak out tonight . LOL 
Fingers crossed that I pass my last performance assessment for RUA2 ... Man alive do I hate critical thinking writing :( 
Took me up to the last possible minute but ... I PASSED this semester . WAHOO ! Again I will reiterate my resolution to stop procrastinating ... and again we will see how long that lasts . 
Hanging out with DJ before he goes off to school in NY . Good luck , little brother :) 
is so happy to have found a sympathetic dentist . Survived my cleaning today with minimal freak-out . Unfortunately , I have to go back to get some fillings :( 
bummed that < PROPFIRST > has to work 2nd shift now . I was really getting used to having him home every night to eat dinner and watch Jeopardy . Now who am I going to whup at trivia questions ? j/k I generally suck . 
is trying to figure out , should I try to find a new free online game to play , or read Wicked ? 
survived another dental appt ... either this dentist is the closest thing to a God I can come up with , or I have just been a giant chicken all these years because other dentists suck in general . My smile is already prettier ( and with NO PAIN ! ) :) 
Survived another dental appt ... can't feel my upper lip or nose , but again , NO PAIN :) Oh , and you know that chip in my front tooth I have had since 8th grade ? Gone :D 
Just got back from watching Zombieland at the drive-in . Despite the mosqiutos the movie was freaking awesome , hilarious and everything that a comedic zombie movie should be :D 
is wondering where all this ' great weather ' everyone is talking about keeps hiding . Every time I step outside I lose another pd from sweating . ICK 
< PROPFEMALE > Samhain and a Happy New Year ! 
Just got back from Markham Park shooting AR-15's for the first time . Had a blast ( though my elbow hurts from the prone position ) . Tonight we go back to Broward for < PROPFIRST > Sagan day at the BCC . Going to hear < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > speak and then a show at the planetarium . Can't wait ! :D 
Oh and I beat < PROPFIRST>'s score by 16 points ! :: does the winners dance :: 
Lolcat , der’z no need tu feel down . I sed , Lolcat , pik ursef off deh grownd . I sed , Lolcat , ‘cuz ur gnu in town Dere’z no need tu b unhappy . Lolcat , dere’z a plais u kin go I sed , Lolcat , < PROPFEMALE > ur short on ur doe . U can stay dere , and Iz shur u will find Menny wayz tu haz a gud tiyme . Itz fun tu stay at deh Y-M-C-A . Itz fun tu stay at deh Y-M-C-A . Dey haz ebbrefing dat u needz tu enjoy , U kin play wif awl deh cat toyz 
Mentally preparing for my dentist appt tomorrow . Having my impacted wisdom tooth removed so wish the dentist luck . Why the dentist you ask ? Because if I don't get enough of whatever to numb me all to hell , someone is getting kicked . 
Good news/bad news : good news is that I will be completely sedated for my impacted wisdom extraction . Bad news : it isn't until Friday so I get to think about it even longer instead of just getting it over with . BTW : Anyone available to play chauffeur Friday morning around 9:30 am ? After making the appt , found out < PROPFIRST > has to work , so I need a ride :( 
Survived the dentist this morning ... feeling ok , with much thanks due to my wonderful mother-in-law . Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > for making today less painful and stressful . 
Tried going pain pill free yesterday . That was a mistake . Making up for it today . Think I will take a nap now . 
I hate when FB messes with my news feeds . I am getting stuff from before Thanksgiving thinking it is new and wondering why I am feeling dejavu , until I look at the date they were posted . Annoying . 
So doesn't want to go to work today . < PROPFIRST > isn't helping ;) 
Baking pumpkin cheesecake for work holiday party tomorrow . Last time to have fun with my co-workers before I split from that hole . 
Is * finally * getting a newer car . Just found a 2003 Ford ZX2 , right when < PROPFIRST>'s car decides to take a break from letting us drive it . //sarcasm// Isn't it nice how things work out like that ? //endsarcasm// 
Picking up one car as another is carted off by the tow truck to the repair shop . lesigh 
Got the car , tomorrow I tackle registration transfers and all that fun stuff . For now ... I hate my neighbors . 
Did I mention today how much I hate my neighbors ? 
Just to clarify : they started their christmas partying 2 days before x-mas , and just ended it last night ... when they started their new years party off early with several loud bangs . This will continue until at least 2 days after the holiday at which point they will simply look for the next holiday , foreign or domestic , to latch onto in order to continue the party . I HATE PACHINGAS ! 
Wonders what the F fb did to hide my husband's news feeds from me ... we are both friends on each others list , with nothing on the hidden < PROPFEMALE > ; what gives ? 
Ha , as soon as I mention it , he pops up into my feed . Coincidence or conspiracy ? 
So , I passed out around 11pm , but < PROPFIRST > woke me up at midnight for my new years kiss . Got up at 3:45 am to go pee and was only half surprised to still hear the mexican circus music going and the neighbors ( including children ) still partying it up . Glad I use white noise in my bedroom , otherwise I would have been up all night . 
Had a great birthday/anniversary weekend . Saw Sherlock Holmes at the drive-in on Saturday night , Avatar in 3D on Sunday , followed by dinner at the Cheesecake Factory and for our 13 year ( total together ) anniversary , we went to dinner at Chili's and just < PROPMALE > out together . Life is grand :D 
Saw Daybreakers at the drive-in last night . Pretty decent movie :) 
was sick all day yesterday . Had some kind of stomach bug ... hopefully it is all through ripping me apart and I can take today to just feel lousy . 
Off to try and get a job with the census bureau ... fingers crossed . 
Just got back from taking the test for the census job . Riddle me this , if you can't even fill out the I-9 on your own ( because you can't speak almost * any * English ) how do you expect to read and comprehend a basic skills test ? People drive me crazy . 
I have hiccups that are scaring the cats lol 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
FYI : Bounce houses are fun at ANY age . 
Fallout 3 is sucking my life away . Not like the FB timesink . You realize how long you have been playing because your back and eyes hurt , and you keep looking at the clock so you know * exactly * how much of your life is gone ... and you continue on . ' Just one more mission ' or , ' I just want to walk over to this area , just to get them on my map ... then I'll stop ' but then you run into yet another quest and you trudge on . 
Hating the new FB layout . Why break something so that you can then fix what wasn't broken to begin with ? 
Celebrating our 8 year wedding anniversary today . Started out awesome with < PROPFIRST > oversleeping and having to rush to work .... let's hope the rest of the day is better for both of us . 
Thanks to all of those who wished us a happy anniversary . Dinner at the Melting Pot made me feel like I had eaten a ton . But it was really great spending the time with < PROPFIRST > :D 
I have almost become a pro at going to the dentist . Got a temporary crown which means I have to chew using the other side of my mouth for 2 weeks . Sucky because the other side has a crooked tooth causing food to * constantly * get stuck there . Guess I will be doing a lot of flossing for the next couple of weeks . 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland at the drive-inn last night . LOVED IT ! I think I laughed through most of it ... who says I am a grown-up ? 
Has \the family\ " < PROPMALE > sized waterbed if any of the family wants it . Get our new bed in tomorrow YAY ! " 
Going to see Clash of the Titans at 3pm . Can't wait ! 
Just got back from seeing Clash of the Titans .... it was really well done , touched on some of the areas that I wanted to see ( yay for the mechanical owl ! ) , but changed it just slightly in a few other places . All in all , a good movie ! 
Grr ... as sucky as it is to admit , I will watch the new Nightmare on Elm Street , if only to point out the inconsistencies . Why can't people leave the classics alone ?! 
LOVES our new netbook . Now I can do my homework and FB , all while cooking dinner :) 
is actually really looking forward to Kickass . It looks fun :) 
has been very productive over the last few days . We took apart the < PROPMALE > sized waterbed ( still available if any of the family wants it , but already listed on craigslist ) , then yesterday we took apart , cleaned and moved the majority of the furniture to the new tv room . Still A LOT of work to do . So much cleaning . 
is wondering what the hell I am doing up so early . The only time I wake up before noon is if I have to go to a job and I haven't had to worry about that for at least 6 months . But hanging out with < PROPFIRST > before he goes to work does have its advantages ;) 
is curious about where the water all over the floor is coming from ; either the toilet is leaking again ( annoying since we just replaced it a few months ago ) or is it the washer . Tentatively running the washer with towels all over the floor in case of another mishap . :: fingers crossed nothing is actually leaking , really don't want to spend more time or money on the bathroom :: 
< PROPMALE > , what do you fear most in the world ? The possibility that love is not enough . 
Passing info along for a friend . If anyone in florida need's roof work please call Rapid Roof Systems Inc . @ ( 954 ) 636-9840 . 
Loving netflix streaming through the PS3 . Now I can watch Farscape , Angel and < PROPFEMALE > from the beginning without having to watch it on my smal(ish ) monitor . Already at the end of season 5 of < PROPFEMALE > and re-realizing that Spike is not only gorgeous , but hilariously pathetic . 
My face hurts from laughing so hard tonight . Had a blast watching < PROPFIRST > Tosh at the Improv ! 
is soooooo pissed . Can anyone tell me why the Universe hates me so ? Leaether Strip waits until * after * we completely , no refunds available , booked our trip to Vegas and then announces he will be at the Treffen . Why did that volcano have to blow any chances of us finding a cheap flight to Germany ? I'll tell you , because it hates me . 
10 more days till va-ca-tion , va-ca-tion , va-ca-tion . 10 more days till vacation ! Silver Shamrock . :D 
10 more days till va-ca-tion , va-ca-tion , va-ca-tion . 10 more days till \ 
vacation ! Silver Shamrock . :D 
So , went and saw the Nightmare ' re-imagining ' last night at the drive-in . I hate to say this , but I liked it . For those who have never seen any of the originals , it gives < PROPMALE > a much more sinister feel , even meaner then New Nightmare . I also liked the fact that they kept some of my favorite lines from the originals , as well as the creepy music and little kids . \ 
Still , I think it is time for a Nightmare-a-thon . 
feels like taking a nap . Babysitting and realizing that the longer he sleeps the better , but it is hard to keep quiet enough not to wake him . It doesn't help that my cats keep trying to inspect the ' alien being ' in their house . LOL 
6 more days to va-ca-tion ! Silver Shamrock ! So much to do , so little time . 
annoyed at the weather report . Did you know that tomorrow Vegas will have a high of 68 degrees . On Saturday when we get there it will be a high of 91 . How is that fair ? 
2 more days till vacation ... Silver Shamrock ! 
trying to think of what else we might need on our vacation . Packing our bags today so we can make sure we aren't forgetting anything that we could pick up tomorrow . Have to go to bed so early tomorrow night to get up at 4am Saturday and catch our flight . 
has already been up for 2 hours ... is it bedtime yet ? Have to many things to do today . Gotta make sure everything is packed , unplug all unnecessary electronics , remember to pack the batteries that are on the charger , stop at the in-laws to drop off house keys , and do last minute cleanig ( dishes , cat litter , expired fridge stuffs , etc ) Then we get to go to bed sooooo early to be up by 4am to go to Vegas ! 
Gah ! I am bored and anxious . I have checked everything thrice and now I am not sure what to do ... waiting impatiently to go to bed . Feels like the night before the first day of school , or right before any holiday in which you get presents . Can't wait to be in Vegas already . 
is in Vegas , bitches ! 
is at the airport waiting to board . Vegas is exhausting , can't wait to get home . 
is still trying to recover from vacation . Maybe another day of sleep will snap me back to reality . Trying to catch up on my Tivo , sooooo many shows . 
Summer cleaning of my f-list . Dumped a bunch of games that require friends , so I culled the mass down to people I have actually met in person . Much smaller list ;) 
Passed my Constitution test today , but < PROPFIRST > isn't feeling well :( Migraines are the worst . 
Hopes everyone has a SAFE and fun 4th . Will be home making sure the cats don't freak out from the fireworks ;) 
Anyone know what is going on with Lil < PROPMALE>'s b-day party ? Time and place ? My cell is just about out of minutes and the house phone is down so this is my only way of finding out this info . Have present , will travel . 
If anyone has been calling me , sorry , I am not avoiding you . My cell is out of minutes and I can't fill it until next week ... then we find that the house phone is acting screwy . Some calls come through , some don't and when you can get through it sounds like a busy signal over the line . Grr . Not sure if it is the phone , the line or both . 
YAY ! So excited !! < PROPFIRST > works tonight and then just a few hours tomorrow and then ... NO MORE 2nd SHIFT ! He will have an actual set work schedule M-F during the day . We can actually live like normal people ! I am so excited I could pop a blood vessel . :D 
if\ 
you're brave , copy this to your status and see what people rate you as . \ 
[ 1 ] crazy . [ 2 ] wish we went out . [ 3 ] talkative . [ 4 ] sarcastic . [ 5]\ 
lovable . [ 6 ] sexy . [ 7 ] strong . [ 8 ] dumb . [ 9 ] spoiled . [ 10 ] mouthy . [ 11]\ 
wild . [ 12 ] goofy . [ 13 ] funny . [ 14 ] awesomely awesome . [ 15 ] amazing . \ 
... [ 16 ] beautiful . [ 17 ] cute . [ 18 ] best friend . [ 19 ] i'd marry you . 
Whew ... got the readmission to PBSC taken care of , went to Boca to have lunch with < PROPFIRST > and am now home . Feels like I sweated about 10 pounds off just in getting around the campus , and walking to and from the car . It is soooo HOT ! Can't wait til fall/winter . 
WTH am I doing up so early ? 
Finally kicked U-verse out the damned door . Stupid thing hasn't worked in almost a week ( well off and on ) and the phone was just as useless . So yeah , our home phone line is deceased . 
is installing Starcraft 2 . WOOT ! So yeah , if I am incommunicado for a while , ya'll know why . 
remembers , now , just how easy it was to play Starcraft all night . < PROPFIRST > actually went to bed before me . 
Slept well , now it is straight back in for another Starcraft 2 marathon . 
Happy Lammas , everyone . Since today celebrates the beginning of the harvest season , I am going to harvest some peppers that have ripened and will be making an awesome spaghetti sauce , which will be eaten tomorrow ( gotta let the sauce slowcook to perfection ) . My habaneros have grown so nicely , but it will take another month or two before I get any fruit from them . 
How\ 
many of us really know everybody on our FB friends list ??? Here's a\ 
task for you ... I want all my FB friends to comment on this status of\ 
how you met me ! After your comment , copy this to your status so I can\ 
do the same for you . You'll be amazed at the responses you get !! 
There's no place I can be since I found Serenity . You can't take the sky from me . 
Happy Friday the 13th to all ! 
Really need a car . Looking for something with low mileage ( preferrably under 75k ) , under $4k , and I would really rather have a stick shift , but I will take an automatic if it is the only thing available . Anyone selling , or know someone who is selling a car like that ? 
WARNING : \A message saying ' I just got the Dislike button 
Finally ! Got myself a car and managed to luck into a stick shift ( the add said automatic so I was ecstatic to see it was a < PROPMALE > ) . Now I just need to find a job :D 
Also , I can kill you with my brain . 
is getting ready to start #3 in my Nightmare-fest . Haven't seen them all in too long so I watched 1 on Netflix , the 2nd I just finished a few minutes ago and now onto the 3rd . I remember this one being my favorite but I will try to keep my bias in check until the moviefest is over . ;) 
Hmm , now it is almost a tie between Nightmares 3 and 4 . Watching 5 right now , love < PROPFEMALE > :) 
has PMS and several weapons . Any questions ? 
is feeling very blah . Ocular pain can really suck the fun out of the weekend . 
Please put this on\ 
your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who suffers\ 
from stupidity . Stupidity is a real condition and should be taken\ 
seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is\ 
still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ........ \ 
93% won't copy and paste this ....... because they don't know how to\ 
copy and paste . 
Grr , < PROPFEMALE > Grace makes me want to scratch my eyes out and make myself deaf . At least I have the remote and can shut her up when I accidentally happen upon the show . 
HUBBY WEEK ? ~ ? If you have a husband who works hard to provide for your family , who has been there , who has been a blessing in your life & to whom you are PROUD to be married to , & who is your best friend & love very much . copy & paste with how long you have been married ... 9 years :D 
Mabon ! The first day of autumn always gets me in the mood to clean house . Fall cleaning is the best ... can almost open the house up and let it air out . Just a few more weeks until the cool weather comes in . YAY ! 
damnable hiccups ! 
is sitting in class . Blah blah blah . 
Blah 
is so happy . It is * finally * starting to feel like fall . Thank you Tropical Storm < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is now allowed to confirm it and tell everyone the good news ... We're Pregnant !!! 
is happy that I don't feel nauseous this morning , but I am also feeling kind of blah . < PROPFIRST > has a cold and I am trying not to catch it . :( 
It feels so nice out today I had to open up the house . Now I have kitties running from the front window to the back window ... gotta be careful when entering the lanes , might get taken out by a furball . 
has had about enough of these shows making me cry . 
A\ 
13 year old boy in Texas shot himself in head after years of torment \ 
for being gay . < PROPMALE > Walsh , also 13 , < PROPMALE > himself from a backyard tree . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Clementi , 18 & a freshman at Rutger's , jumped off the GW \ 
Bridge- his roommate broadcast video of < PROPFIRST > with another guy . Today , I\ 
STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in their honor . If you care to STAND UP with \ 
me , please post this as your status for an hour or longer ! 
Got the first pic of our baby this morning . Now I just have to get it on the puter for all to see the ameoba . 
has been disgusted by the thought of red sauce , but now that I smell it , I am starving . 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know or love someone who is GAY . My wish\ 
for 2010 is that being gay is not a disease nor a choice ! people who \ 
are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE & EQUAL RIGHTS .... \ 
93% won't copy and paste this . Will you ??? Make it your ... status for \ 
at least one hour ?... Promote ? & ACCEPTANCE ... NOH8 ! 
seriously , what is the deal with these phantom sneezes ?! 
is ready to fast forward about 5 weeks . Hopefully this all day sickness will be gone by then . 
Russell : This kid better be an awesome gaming partner . \ 
Me : Well , < PROPMALE > plays the drums when he is over , so we have most of the Rockband already . \ 
\ 
Thought it was funny . 
wants a Ninja food processor ... I want to eat freshly crushed icesnow . 
was really surprised at the severe lack of trick or treaters last night ... but it worked out since we didn't have people knocking on our door to all hours of the night :) 
\Brother's week\ " ... If you have a brother who has \ 
is enjoying a bowl of strawberries . YUM ! 
has wicked heartburn . 
is sooooo happy . The nice weather is * finally * here . I actually shivered when I opened the door ( the wind was whipping at the time ) . :D 
is wondering why the hell I keep getting up at 6am ... oh yeah , it is all < PROPFIRST>'s fault . But then why do I feel the need to watch the news for 2 hours ? Oh yeah , because there is nothing else on tv at 6am . Just glad I got my body pillow yesterday , now I can lounge comfortably :) 
Thanks to my mama , I am now the proud owner of a Ninja ... just had my first snow slushy and it was awesome . :D 
had to go to the ER last night for a couple of hours of IV fluids but I am feeling MUCH better today . 
Who actually knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions ;\ 
First name___\ 
middle name___\ 
last name___\ 
age_\ 
b-day _/_/_\ 
eye color__\ 
nickname___\ 
favorite color___\ 
best friend__ \ 
put this as your status and see who gets it . 
has been feeling pretty good for the past few days . No vomiting at all ! Can you believe it ? Maybe I should have gone to the ER sooner , lol . 
Capricorn Your love for the unexpected joy of \snow\ 
I was on such a roll of not getting sick , then I was slammed in the face with garlic bread smell ... let's just say I didn't have dinner last night . :( 
got to hear the baby's heart beat for the first time , which was pretty awesome . Then the car died on the way home ... not so awesome . At least DJ was off of work and was able to rescue me , love my little brother . 
Question to the several nurses and other health care professionals on my f-list . How do I find out about getting a home health nurse to administer IV fluids at home , in the case I ever get dehydrated again ? Trying to keep things as cheap as possible and don't feel like paying the ER anymore . 
just finished Toy Story 3 and cried through the last 30 minutes . I am blaming it on hormones . 
7 vials of blood ?! They took half of my blood from me this morning for prenatal screening . Did they really need 7 though ? At least the chick who took it knew what she was doing and I barely felt anything . :) 
so far , 2nd trimester doesn't mean the end of morning sickness , but I do bounce back a lot quicker without the aid of medication . Woot ! 
eating a plum . So glad I rediscovered this wonderful fruit . 
is watching the < PROPFEMALE>'s Thanksgiving parade ... and gearing up to eat a LOT of food . Well , a lot for me at this time . :) 
is flabbergasted . 
is a little annoyed that my rock station ( 93.1 ) has gone Christmas . All holiday music , all the time ... grr . 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life ... when you grow up , they are\ 
still your friends ! Cousins are there as childhood friends , and when we\ 
are older as forever friends ... No one will ever understand your crazy\ 
family like your cousins . Repost if you have some of the best cousins . \ 
Love to all my cousins ? First cousins ... second cousins too ! 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and\ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be\ 
no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for\ 
violence against children . 
\Live a good life . If there are gods and they are just 
actually got a lot done today . Got a new tire for the car , went grocery shopping and had lunch . Now it is time to go on a killing spree ... got a bit of an ant problem . 
wishes this headache would just go away . 
loves the cold weather . Keep it coming , Arctic Circle ! 
So let me get this straight ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is on his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with everyone ; and yet the idea of same-sex marriage is still going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for all . 
So , mom's house got broken into last night and the laptop was taken so she will be MIA from FB for a while . Tis the season . 
Not sure if I am nesting or what ... just cleaned the kitchen and did all the laundry ... might even clean the oven if this keeps up . 
Watching Top Chef makes me hungry ... damn that seafood looks good . 
Ok , now I am pissed . Quest Diagnostics < PROPFIRST > my blood on 11/19 and charged me $40 for the lab fees . No biggie ... except that they waited until TODAY to put the charge through , which caused us to go negative and incur a insufficient funds charge . The kicker ... I can't find a phone number ANYWHERE for that specific office so I can call them and bitch them out . I want to smack someone . 
just blew away my final exam ... one less thing to do :) 
Happy Yule/Winter Solstice/Christmas to all ! Say hello to Winter ! :D 
making pumpkin spice pancakes to go with the homemade pumpkin butter I got from the awesomesauce that is < PROPFIRST > L . :D 
YAY ! Got the Angelsounds Fetal Heart monitor I ordered . It came a week early and < PROPFIRST > finally got to hear the heartbeat ! Took me a couple of minutes to find the lil russit , but once we did it was awesome ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Surprised I am still awake , but then I am also happily munching on Swiss Colony chocolates . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > ! 
There was actually a thin layer of ice on top of < PROPFIRST>'s car this morning . Love it ! 
Exactly one week until the end of my 20's . Where did the years go ? 
I have the best husband ever . I just got my birthday present ... I was going to wait to open it actually on my b-day , but it said something about time sensitive . Upon opening , I found that I am the proud owner of a home butterfly < PROPFEMALE > ! I have 6 caterpillars happily munching away at their food , and in the next couple of weeks they will become beautiful butterflies . So happy ! 
I am so bored ... why can I never sleep in anymore ?! There is never anything to do this early in the am . :( 
Happy new year everyone ! I got a bottle of sparkling apple cider to toast the new year , if I can even make it that long , lol . 
Thanks everyone , for the birthday wishes ! I plan on chillaxing all day :D 
Had my 18 week ultrasound ... apparently the kid is camera shy , kept hiding its face . Even if we wanted to find out the gender , I think it would have been impossible :) 
Ok , I am going to give this a try ... eek ! \ 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment right here and do it too . \ 
You must in turn post this and send something you made to the first 5 people who comment on your status . \ 
The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
slept like crap all night because I have a cramp in my back that radiates to my hip ... tried stretching and laying in different positions ... wish I could just crack my back :( 
Finally ! The back cramp is gone and I was able to keep breakfast down ... now what to do for lunch ? 
Had my first spontaneous cry yesterday when my pancakes fell on the floor ... I felt like a 4 year old who just dropped her ice cream . 
So happy ... Russell was finally able to fix my computer so it is now faster than his ( hehehe ) AND our TV is hooked up to it so I can use that as my giant monitor ... I am so lucky :D 
The weather is nice , had a good weekend , now I am just relaxing and watching tv before I hit the dishes and laundry for the day . 
If anyone needs to get a hold of me , either message me here or email me . Phone ran out of minutes and I won't be able to refill it until Friday . 
My first ever attempt at making banana nut bread is in the oven ... let's see how it works out :) 
I'm bored ... anyone want to come over and entertain me ? 
So , every time Little Sister ( my < PROPFEMALE > ) lays on my stomach , baby tries to play kick the < PROPFEMALE > , which just makes Sister purr louder . Wonder if they will get along so well when baby is actually kicking and pulling at her , lol . 
< PROPFIRST > felt definite baby movement for the first time last night . He freaked out a little , but in a good way :D 
The gmail phone is pretty awesome when you absolutely need one . Calls come through clear ( as long as you aren't actively doing internet stuffs ) and it is free ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Imbolc to all ! 
It is to damned early to be up and about ... but I can't fall back asleep . Grr . 
Happy Birthday to my mama and my 6 year old nephew , < PROPMALE > ! Ich liebe dich ! 
Meh 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > Corral tonight . Yay buffet !! 
I wish we could go to the Treffen this year ... but I guess having a baby is almost as good as going to Germany ;) 
Going on the tour of Palms West L&D tomorrow ... from here on , I expect things are going to happen pretty quickly . How am I going to get everything prepared in time ?! 
Taxes are done ! WOOT ! Bring on the money ! 
I think I am starting to hit the uncomfortably large phase of pregnancy . I can't sleep because I can't find a good position to sleep in , and when I wake up in the middle of the night , baby thinks it is play time and starts doing somersaults . :: sigh :: 
Ok , now I am bored and < PROPFIRST > is still sleeping ... time for me to go jump up and down on the bed until he gets his butt up ;) 
Today's to-do list : go to dr appt , grocery shopping , pay bills , laundry and dishes and Assassins Creed . I should be able to get all of it done ;) 
Not looking forward to the glucose test tomorrow , but I guess it has to be done :( 
Man , I was hoping to be able to sleep until at least 8am so I wouldn't be so hungry before my glucose test at 9am . :( My tummy is growling and I can only have water until 10am ... this sucks . 
Managed to survive the glucose test yesterday but felt crummy until last night . Much better today , though . :D 
The baby's room is clean , painting starts on Monday and the hospital tour is tomorrow afternoon . I feel like I have actually gotten something done this weekend :D 
You could use a more horizontal kneeling position if you want to slow things down a little . 
Ack ! My belly button is disappearing ! 
SIBLING WAR !!! Put this as your status if you are the best and smartest of your siblings ... if this stands for more then an hour without your brother or sister protesting then it must be TRUE ... 
Getting ready for my next OB appt in an hour wherein I get to discuss the logistics of having a water birth . Also , I think I get my Rhogam shot today . Fun stuff . 
holy crap . I am updating from my new Kindle . This thing is to freaking awesome . 
Found out yesterday that I passed my 3 hour glucose test . No more of that nonsense . 
I just found a ladybug in my shirt ... I wonder if that means I am getting lucky tonight , lol . 
Breathe right strips may have saved my marriage , lol . Who knew that preggos could snore so loud ? I haven't woken myself up yet , but I have kept < PROPFIRST > awake for almost a week . Practice for sleepless baby nights ? 
We are having too much fun playing Risk : Factions . I should be getting ready for bed but I have to dominate the map . It takes a while . 
