Your like a constant downer , Huh ? 

Your like a constant downer , huh (: 
this sucks ... 
i thot i should check this before bed . 
is BORED ... 
AAAHHHH ! I BIT MY LIP :( 
I really think i should stop bitting my lip ... what do you think ?! 
Goodnight Facebook World ... 
Back from school . I have to babysit at 6 . MIGHT GO TO A MOVIE WITH < PROPFEMALE > ON FRIDAY . 
... Listening to music 
Text me (: 701-527-1046 ; I have to babysit . 
Wow ... I have a < PROPMALE > fucking headache ... 
I wanna go to a movie on Friday ; wanna come ?! 
wow . I just wont say that then . 
Gosh . . . . I hate her ! she always ruins my happiness . . . I thought for sure it wouldnt happen this time ... DX 
Gosh . . . . I hate her ! she always ruins everything ! I thought for sure it wouldnt happen this time ! DX 
I'm Sad .. but of coarse you don't care .. 
I Don't want to come to school 2moro ... 
Days like these make me wish I was back in < PROPMALE > . 
Kenzie and I have just came up with the best way to spend my Bday on the 24th ! Wanna come ? Text me ! 701-527-1046 (: 
I wanna go to that movie 2nite ! 
Wow .. I kinda want to cry . 
Its so hard to express this feelin cus nobody compairs to you , and I know she'll never love you like I do .. 
Its so hard to express this feelin cus nobody compairs to you , and I know she'll never love you like I do ... I feel sick .. 
I can't explain this feeling , Because nobody compairs to you , and I know she'll never love you like I do .. 
Its so hard to express this feeling , because nobody compairs to you , and I know She'll never love you like I do .. 
My Heart Hurts .. 
My concert sucked (: lol 
Stayed home 2day , I hurt my ankle last night and I cant really walk on it . so my dad told me I should just stay home . 
My Birthday Saturday (: 
hahahaha < PROPFEMALE > , Today WAS pretty awesome ! 
My Birthday On Saturday ! (: 
Farmville wont load :( 
going to a movie(paranormal activity ) with < PROPFEMALE > 2night ! 
I'm never sleeping again , when they said scarriest movie of all time ... THEY MEANT IT :( 
5:45 AM 15 years ago this little girl was born ... Guess who ?! ///ME !!!!!!! 
Whos day is sucking worse than mine ? 
Could be better . 
IT'S NOT RAPE IT'S SURPRISE SEX ! 
Bored///Sleepy 
My Throoaaatt huuurrrttsss ! 
Aww . . . . My Pepsi is flat !! :( Yuck ! 
I'm thinking it's my bedtime (: Good night ! 
hi ho hi ho it's off to school I go ! 
U have been on my mind < PROPFEMALE > much that it has become distracting from my life .. I just got out of the shower and realized I never used conditioner .. I was thinking of you and forgot .. < PROPFEMALE > I'll be going back to wash my hair again . I'll be back in like 5 mins .. 
Happy Halloween (: 
I'm sick :( 
This is so scary :( im so shocked 
Wow .. I cant believe it . Its scary to think it actually happen . RIP < PROPFEMALE > BURDOLSKI 
As you lay in rest , God broke our hearts to prove he only takes best . RIP < PROPFEMALE > Burdolski 
I may not have known her that well , I may not have ever really talked to her , But still she was my friend , and all I can say is .. Well , I miss my friend .., Seeing her smiling , always so happy .. RIP < PROPFEMALE > Burdolski 
I prayed .. 
Im going to bed , Night . see you in the morning ! 
My dad hacked my facebook ... :( 
SOMEONE JUST TRIED BREAK IN TO MY HOUSE ! AND I'M HOME ALONE ! 
I'm burning matches , just for fun :P TOTALLY SAFE ! 
aww ... I'm all out of matches ... 
ughhhhhhh ......... I was totally going to be in bed by 8 tonight . oh well looks like that never happened . 
I have to sneeze . 
\Missin ' my lepracaun\ " Hah ! ( : made my year already and it's only 30 mins . into it . " 
I think I kinda like 2011 so far . ( : 
Well this sucks .. ): 
2011 ; New memories , new mistakes , new heartaches , new people , new tears , new laughs , new year . 
\Well that's really attractive .. There's an Indian in my cup ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Becker . " 
Going home in the morning . I miss you :( 
I guess IDGAF anymore . 
Going home .. 
White 
Broke my nose again 
Me is sleepy (: ugh and my stupid \Shift\ " key wont worrk right ! " 
didn't have the greatest day :( 
My heart hurts so much .. 
.. Whatever I guess .. I gotta get over it sometime .. 
I just wish you would talk to me .. thought u still wanted to be friends ? 
My hand iches .. Not the best feeling in the world . But I'll survive .. :/ 
Going to Macee's (: 
ugh , I want this cold to go away ! 
sooo , I'm quite sleeppyy . 
Fagbook kinda suckss (; 
< PROPMALE > , You're weird . (; Just thought I'd state thee obvious once again . 
im getting off for the night . good night Facebook . 
Boredom ... :/ < PROPFEMALE > much fun . 
I need a hair cutt :/ 
I ' Became a fan ' of like 729 things , When do I stop ?! 
Ugh , People are dumb . :/ 
Goodnight ); 
I miss the past < PROPFEMALE > much .. I would trade anything to have it all back .. 
Fargo 2moro with Kenzie ! 
1 
I bid thee adiue .. 
Awh (: I love New England ! No doubt ! I miss Bismarck though .. 
I do believe that I am extremely sleepy so I will be going to bed now . 
Tonight , This doesnt feel like home .. 
:( 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Miley (; HAHAH I love you Hailey (: 
Happy Mom Day ! ( : 
I'm so tired or these prank calls . DAD : CHANGE MY NUMBER ? 
Going to be a camp counselor at Camp ReCreation in Richardton ND , this summer (: 
** New phone number ** 
I'm giving away 5 movie tickets you can use to watch new releases on facebook ! http://bit.ly/abwdnA 
So , Aqua . 
Lazy , lazy , lazy day . 
Tired of school finals .. oh well , dont have to be at school till 10:00 am 2moro . and get out at 2:00 . woot ! 
I official cant stand Bieber . 
Schools out (: 81 days of summer ! (I think . ) 
In Fargo for the weekend I guess . Bismarck on Sunday . Then home . 
I could really use a wish right now .. 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars , I could really use a wish right now .. 
at least theres no more school for me .. 
Woohoo , cattle branding today . 
Boy , she looks at you like you put the stars in the sky .. 
She wore apple bottom jeans , the boots with the fur , Just kidding that her her .. 
Didn't know that this was going to be such a bad thing :/ my bad . 
These are the sunsets I usually see in movies .. Wish u were here to share it with me :/ \ 
\ 
Summer 2010 yay .. 
New email . KianaBiana@hotmail.com add me on MSN !! 
Camp 2moro-Thursday , then next Sunday-18th . 
Camp today . Leaving soon . Have to be in Richardton by 2:00 pm . Wont be home until Thursday night . 
had an amazing time at camp !! loved it ! going back on sunday for another week !!! 
Finaly Free ! I final let you go .. I couldn't take it anymore ! I can finaly be happy without you making it all worse for me ! (: 
Medora 2moro ! Then Sunday another week of Camp ReCreation !! I'm unbelievable PUMPED ! ( ; 
Leaving for Medora soon ! Then 2moro another week of Camp ReCreation !! (; 
On my way to Medora . 2moro another week of Camp ReCreation ! I'm extremely excited !! 
In Medora . 2moro another week of Camp ReCreation ! I'm extremely excited !! 
awh ... Camp's over till next year .. Miss you guys ! 
I miss campppppp ... Home is .. well , Boring .. :/ 
Thought you would catch me if I fell ... 
I miss Spencington .. < PROPFEMALE > ... < PROPMALE > .. < PROPFIRST > .. < PROPMALE > .. awhh .. I miss them all .. I miss camp :/ 
Happy Dad Dayyy ! <3 
With every breath I take .. I miss u so much more .. )'; 
.. and then , it rained . 
Thanks to this wonderful storm , all the power in my house is out . Awesome . :/ 
I get that feeling every time I think about you .. Then I realize you're no longer there .. no more good morning texts .. no more long walks .. no more movie nights at your place .. There goes my life .. :( 
I fucking miss you so much .. 
Thanks to you .. My heart hurts .. Pain I can never explain . 
And yet the only thing standing in my way is the rain ... 
Whats left for us ..? 
So many nights I have to fight back the erge to text you and say \Good Night .. \ " .. and I can't stand it anymore .. " 
This is truly what I feared the most .. 
Poke me if you've had a crush on me , like this status if you think I'm cute , inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship , Put A Smile If We Are Friends :) , Put an Angry face If You Dont Like Me :( Or put a heart if you wanna be more then friends <33 . Now let's see who is brave enough to copy and ... paste this on their status :) 
Just got a letter in the mail from my camper from Camp ReCreation (: it truly made my day ! 
Im standing out in the rain , knowing that it's really over , please don't leave u alone .. Flooded with all this pain , knowing I'll never hold you .. Like I did before the storm . 
No plans this weekend :/ But on the 31st I'm going to Bowman ! (: 
Listen to the rain ... 
Dear rain .. I love you tons . 
My reason is gone .. 
You took a < PROPMALE > on a bruised and beated heart .. 
He was everything I ever wanted .. So now what do I do now that I lost everything .. 
I can't take it anymore .. 
I guess I should've been more like her .. 
\Have fun being single\ " I can't believe you would say that .. Why dont you just rip my heart out and step on it a couple more times .. " 
Hey .. someone should call me .. I just really wanna talk to someone right now .. 
I just can't take it anymore .. I'm DONE ! 
Helped two homeless people today (: it touched my heart . 
Derby this weekend (: 
Then it rained .. and I could not ask for more (: 
How do you keep your feet on the ground when you know you were born to fly ? 
You know what happened after that ?!.. She smiled . 
Dear \Aunt Flow\ " I hate everything about you .. " 
There'll be no more crying in the rain . ( : 
Uploading < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s wonderful video to Youtube (: 
And I guess nothing else really mattered . 
Without my wings I feel so small . . 
Hmm , not quite sure what I'm doing on the 4th .. I'm going to the Derby in Dickinson today (: 
Spending the day in Dickinson at the derby . 
On my way back home from Dickinson . BBQ tonight with the neighbors . 
I Loved everything about you .. I hated everything about you .. Now I miss everything about you .. 
I dont say I have a broken heart just for no reason . . I mean it . . I felt every little piece shatter . 
Yay . . . I get to sit at home all day . 
4th of July sucks .. ): 
Ugh .. the whole sky is exploding in color .. My mom's in bed sleeping .. and I'm sitting trying to watch fireworks out my window but a tree it blocking my view .. I hate today ... 
Good night everyone ... 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn ? 
I just dont know anymore . . . 
Williston 2moro . 
Awh (: 
What ever it takes ... 
Indeed I do sleep my day away . so ? What's there to wake up to but a TV . 
Tell me what I wanna hear . I don't care if you're lying . You can deny it all in the morning . Baby , just lead me on . 
Why can't I just do what ever the fuck I want anymore .. 
Sore throat .. Ugh .. M.I.S.E.R.A.B.L.E. 
What a great day :/ 
Bowman this weekend (: 
I gave it my all .. I've wasted my time , but yet I continued to < PROPFEMALE > on . Well I'm letting go now . I can't take this anymore .. 
You truly know your heart is broken when you find yourself lying on the bathroom floor trying your hardest to catch your breath , at the same time wondering why everything went so wrong , but yet you know your gonna get up and walk outta there and pretend everything is going to be okay .. Yeah .. That's a broken heart . 
Ugh , I'm done . There's no use . Nothing I ever do is going to be quite good enough . 
Bowman 2moro , excited but I gotta get up at like 6 :/ 
Had tons of fun in Bowman . Glad I got to see Harry (: 
Great day , Glad I got to see Harry (: 
Every year at 12:00 AM on August 2nd , I call my uncle ' TOAD ' to wish him a Happy Birfday , this year .. I called at 12:01 AM .. \BAD KIANA ! \"" 
Happy Birthday Uncle Todd !!! ( : <3 
Not in the mood to care . 
Eh , New England is boring .. :/ Need someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with . SOMEONE COME GET ME ! 
True love's a gift , we let it slip .. we said goodbye , and I felt the angels cry .. I miss you more than anything .. This was the BEST night of my life .. 
So we'll crawl , until we can walk again , then we'll run , until we're strong enough to jump , then we'll fly , until there is no end . So let's crawl .. back to love .. 
Why do I have to sit and watch this all .. Its tearing me to pieces . 
And some how you made me smile when I was sad .. You took a < PROPMALE > on a bruised and beaten heart , then you realized you wanted what you had .. 
No amount of words could ever describe this feeling .. (: 
And .. She loves you with all she has .. 
We can still touch the sky if we crawl , until we can walk again , then we'll run , until we're strong enough to jump , then we'll fly , until there is no end , so lets crawl back to love .. 
No matter how hard I try .. I just cant do this anymore .. Its tearing me to pieces .. Im losing it .. 
Like this status and I will tell you what I like and dislike about you , my first impression of you , and a confession about you 
I never had time to prepair for this .. I never saw it coming .. but in the blink of an eye .. I lost my everything again . You just don't quite understand what you do to me .. its killing me inside .. The pain is just too much .. why do I even try anymore .. I gave it my all , then you just shut me down .. I can't take it anymore .. its scary when the loudest and most annoying thing you hear is your own heart beat .. 
Just don't think i'm going to wait forever .. 
Its tearing me to pieces .. Im losing it .. I dont want to see you go .. 
I start school on Monday :/ 
I should've held onto my pride .. 
All I want is you someone to just thow their arms around me and tell me that it's all going to be okay .. I want you to see how shattered I am , maybe you'll care .. 
Tonight was okay I guess .. Night . 
Let it rain .. Maybe it will just wash all this away and I can finally clear my mind .. 
Oh thunderstorms , how I love you ! (: 
My dreams suck .. 
Stupid boy .. 
See .. Now I just wanna cry .. 
The final blow hit so low , I'm still on the ground .. 
Love is unstoppable .. 
.. Love is unstoppable . 
.. the things I do for happiness . If they asked me if I love him .. I'd lie .. 
Headache :/ School 2moro .. 
There's a place in your heart , Nobody's been .. Take me there . 
I wish on 11:11 , I watch shooting stars , I cross my fingers , HELL , I even pray .. When's it ever gonna be good enough .. 
Goodnight . School in the morning .. 
At school .. Lunch time . Someone call me ? 
I wanna be the only one for < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > , except for maybe you , and your simple smile .. 
.. She loves with all her heart , Breaks with every fall , and never learns from \ 
her mistakes .. This girl always wanted someone to call her perfect , to look at \ 
her as if she was the most beautiful thing out there .. She wants to feel the \ 
love she deserves . She's been to hell and back .. she wants a touch of heaven .. She wants to \ 
run away from the world and just never come back .. 
... Take it back .. I don't even want it anymore .. ): 
Knew it was too good to be true .. So much for happiness .. 
Okay .. So Im a fucking idiot .. :/ Gosh < PROPFEMALE > .. GROW UP . Quit making a big deal out of nothing .. 
GoodNight . 
I wanna be the only one .. for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > .. Except for maybe you , and your simple smile .. Oh , it sounds so good to me .. Cowboy take me away . 
Why do I worry too much ?.. Goodnight . 
See , this heart wont settle down .. Like running scared from a clown .. 
.. That's all I ever wanted . 
Loved you once . Love you still . Always have . Always will . 
Wish you saw this through my eyes ... ): 
Do you understand how bad I want this .. 
I can't stand it anymore , I gotta stop getting my hopes up .. I just wanna be over loved .. 
Shall we try this ' sleep ' thing one more time ? Okay , well Night . 
See , this heart won't settle down , like a child running scared from a clown .. 
I love you , yesterday , today , and tomorrow , I'll say it again , and again , I love you more . 
I miss < PROPFIRST > . ): 
Save me .. ): 
I love you , yesterday , today , and tomorrow . I'll say it again , and again .. I love you more .. 
You .. you're my reason . 
IDK what to do anymore .. 
Gosh , I love how you keep lying .. What a friend .. 
I'm fighting so hard , just to get what I deserve .. It's like you're trying to ruin that for me .. 
I miss my brother .. 
I'm fighting as hard as I can .. Do I really need to fight for this or is it all in my head ? 
You're my favorite reason to lose sleep .. ( : 
That really hit me like a truck .. I'm fighting so hard to just be happy .. shouldn't take this much .. 
Not going to sleep well at all tonight .. I already know it .. 
I was hoping I'd never get THIS feeling back .. 
See , this heart won't settle down .. like a child running scared from a clown .. 
iloveyou . End of story . ( : 
Why am I still having to fight so hard just to stay happy .. 
:( Blahhh . 
C'mon .. Make me smile .. 
Prove it . 
A real man doesn't love a million girls .. He loves one girl in a million ways .. 
My biggest fear .. 
There's always that one person that will always have your heart .. 
You're far from losing everything .. I'll always be with you .. 
Probably won't sleep at all tonight .. :( 
iloveyou . End of story . 
< PROPFEMALE > You .. ( : 
.. and I could not ask for more . 
Te amo más de lo que pueda imaginar .. 
I promise .. 
You're all I ever wanted .. and I could not ask for more .. 
FallingNeverFeltThisGoodBefore . 
If I had a single flower for every time I think about you , I could walk forever in my garden .. 
He's no < PROPFIRST > Cullen , no < PROPMALE > Black , he doesn't have super strength and can't turn into a wolf , but he's better than all those guys . He's actually real .. 
Awh you sorta made my day (: 
Not such a good day .. :( 
< PROPMALE > , You ruined my day . (: 
Ugh :( 
I worry too much .. at least you know I never want to lose you .. 
I hate silence .. 
ILoveYouUntilTheEndOfTime .. 
I worry too much .. 
Why am I doing this .. 
)': 
Stress :/ 
I love sleep . My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake , you know ? 
I love sleep . My life has a tendency to fall apart when I'm awake , you know ? 
I just can't think of you ever leaving .. losing you is my biggest fear .. 
I don't want to close my eyes , I don't want to fall asleep , because I'd miss you , and I don't want to miss a thing .. 
I pinch myself sometimes , to make sure I'm not in a dream . Thats how it seems .. 
If I tell you I love you , can I keep you forever ? 
I don't care what people think .. I love you , I'm not changing that . 
If only you were as scared to lose me like I am of losing you .. <3 
I'm done trying to make everyone else in this fucking town happy . Whatever . I'm doing what I want to now .. doing what makes ME happy . If you seriously have to question our friendship then don't even bother about a fucking friendship ! I'm done . 
Baby open your eyes .. do you see it ? 
.. A story that was never told .. something like a mystery .. 
I'm trying hard to elude them by keeping my head strong .. 
I hate waking up with this feeling .. I know it was only a dream but it still scares the hell out of me .. 
Saw Miss . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > today at Walmart (: Kinda the high light of this gloomy day ! 
I don't want anyone else to realize how amazing you are . 
I wish you saw how scared I am .. 
Well .. ): 
So you're sort of my everything .. 
I want to be all that you've been dreaming of and more .. So much more .. I wanna be your everything . 
I miss you so much .. our short little walks .. random talks about nothing .. our crazy inside jokes .. the ' heart stump ' .. gosh .. I miss you , so much more than you'll ever imagine .. 
So yeah .. Good night . 
The more and more time I spend with you the more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again .. But at least I'm happy .. 
.. :( 
I miss you so much .. ): 
A day without you is like a year without rain .. 
Cheer me up . :( 
): Not the best night .. 
Fine .. I'm just gonna wrap myself up in my Snuggie and watch a movie .. Goodnight . <3 
.. and still no matter what , I'm always the LAST thing on your mind .. 
You may not be perfect .. but babe , you're the closest thing I've ever had to perfection .. 
I've learned to never underestimate the impossible ... 
This is going to be a bad night .. Wow , I'm already scared .. ): 
No one can make me cry , make me laugh , make me smile , or drive me like he does .. 
.. And some how you made me smile when I was sad . 
Gonna put in a movie , and wrap myself in my Snuggie , kinda a good way to end such a stupid day .. 
Watch what you say around me .. I'm vulnerable , easily broken .. your words are like scissors .. and I pretty much believe everything .. 
Lets just press play , and watch as my life falls apart .. 
Todays gonna suck .. Just like yesterday .. 
If you only knew the trouble she's been going through , could you walk in her shoes ? 
Well , that hurt . :( 
I don't even live there anymore but yet I'm still dragged into the drama ? wow .. now I really know why I left .. 
.. I love you . 
Math homework is stupid . Good Night . 
And I don't know what I'd do if I lost you .. 
No one can make me cry , make me laugh , make me smile , or drive me mad like he does .. 
)': Why do you do this ?.. 
I guess I'm the stupid one .. 
Babe .. I love so so much .. I just dont want to lose you .. 
Does it even matter ? Did you even notice my whole world shattered ? 
If you knew how scared she is .. you'd never be able to look her in the eyes again .. 
What a bad day .. 
Your words were like shooting stars .. now , more like sissors .. I Don't want to lose you .. 
iloveyou .. 
8.23.10 <3 
I wish you knew what you do to me .. I love you .. 
If you only knew the trouble she's been going through .. could you walk in her shoes ? 
Heaven help me .. because I can't help myself .. 
I just want you .. 
Wow .. thanks for the snow .. 
What a waste of a night .. I just want to see you .. ): 
Give me a reason to be here .. 
Lets cry myself to sleep again .. 
I'm going to smile like nothing's wrong , talk like everything's perfect , act like its all a dream , and pretend its not hurting me .. But if you could feel what I do .. I'm sure you'd be in tears .. 
I need you so much right now .. ): 
I thought you'd be there to help me put it back together .. 
Without you its hard to survive .. 
Wish today would have ended better .. I'm in so much pain .. :( I can't sleep .. ugh .. 
That was my reason .. now it's gone .. ): 
It's hard to lose a love .. but , you were my bestfriend .. 
I wish 2moro would just never come .. 
She layed her heart right in your hands .. not expecting to get it back in pieces .... No sleep at all .. Still trying to prepair myself for the worst days of my life .. 
I told you I couldn't do it .. How can I honestly be strong .. 
Technically i'm single .. \ 
emotionally I'm completely taken .. \ 
cause , in my mind i'll always be his girl .. \ 
even if he doesnt want me anymore .. 
I know I can stand .. Just pull me back up .. 
On the edge .. just trying to survive .. 
I should have held onto my pride .. 
But don't let ' em say you ain't beautiful .. 
She laid heart and soul right in your hands , and you stole her ever dream , and you crushed her plans .. Stupid boy . 
.. and I know , I'll be just fine without you . 
But then something happened .. The dream ended .. I was forced to open\ 
my eyes only to realize .. that I had lost you once again .. 
My friends think I'm moving on .. The truth is I'm not that strong .. 
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you .. 
No matter what they say about love , I keep coming back for more . Keep my hand in the fire , sooner or later I'll get what I'm asking for .. 
You were the best nightmare a girl could have . 
Cold , so I'm going to go take a bubble bath . (: 
' Cus you're amazing , just the way you are ! <3 
Throat hurts ... Thanks for the cold , mom . :/ 
Now I'm deafened by your silence , blinded by the tears , if you're looking for forgiveness , you won't find that here , because you lied your way to heart break , and now it's all too clear .. that you will never be .. 
Not having the best day . :/ 
Mom's starting to piss me off ! 
At this point I'm more afraid of life than death .. 
Lets just hit the play button and watch as my life falls apart .. 
Now all I want is sleep .. My life has the tendancy to fall apart when I'm awake .. 
Blinded by the tears .. 
I never thought you'd be someone I'd have to miss .. 
Sick of feeling this way .. 
Blahhhh ): 
Bismarck 2moro ! 
bet NOBODY can answer ALL of these questions right . Full Name : ________ \ 
Age : _____ Birthday : __________ Nickname : _________ Favorite person to talk\ 
to : ___________Favorite Color : __________ Favorite \ 
Sport : _________Favorite Song : __________ Favorite Number : __________Post \ 
... this to your wall , and see who know's you best :D 
Goooood Niiiiight . 
What if ..? 
You will never change .. 
In Bismarck ! ( : 
Dear Bismarck , I've missed you .. 
Bye bye Bismarck .. 
Maybe thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano .. 
Cried her last tear for that clown .. She can see a little clearer now . 
Well that was quite the journey . With < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend ! <3 
Wow .. I leave town to get away from everything .. but it all seems to follow me . Thanks . 
I just want to turn my back and run .. 
Just another one of them days .. 
Loving you , is what I was trying to do .. 
Like dead flowers .. 
Sick of all the lies .. 
Sad isn't it ? How no matter what you do or say to me ... when you come running back ... when you need me again ... I'll be here ... right here waiting for you , I'll take you back ... no questions asked . Sad isn't it ? 
He's lost the one girl who thought nothing was wrong with him . 
I made a choice to finally let go , because I can't stand the pain , it's time for my last tear to fall and smile again . 
It's T-shirt time ! 
Or you could just NOT text back , thats cool too . 
You always say you hate to see me hurt , and you hate to see me cry . So all those times that you hurt me , did you close your eyes ? 
You said I'll be okay .. 
So , I don't exactly know how to be your friend . 
Dear brain , sorry for the memories . Dear stomache , sorry for the butterflies . Dear heart , sorry for the damage . 
I just kind of thought that .. maybe you'd save me . 
So I keep dreaming , you'll be with me and you'll never go .. 
But I held onto you .. 
I miss who I thought you were .. 
When life finally drags you to the end of your rope .. tie a knot and just keep holding on .. 
Give me a break . 
You’re still the first person I think of when I wake up . 
I’d take another < PROPMALE > , take a fall , take a shot for you . I need you like a heart needs a beat , but it’s nothing new . 
Just burn , everybody take a turn , light a match under my paper heart . 
... and the world continued to turn without any hesitation .. 
In Bismarck until Sunday ! 
In BITCHmarck , we gotta < PROPFEMALE > ?! 
Had a pretty interesting day today .. Hah . 
Still in Bismarck , Want to < PROPFEMALE > ? Ask for my number and we'll make plans . 
Wow , everyone is like fucking ditching .. :( 
I was < PROPFEMALE > , you were < PROPFIRST > , and we were running .. <3 
What a GREAT night ... ): 
Well thanks to my wonderful school , FACEBOOK IS NOT BLOCKED ! But NO thanks to my mom , I got my computer taken away , as well as my cell phone and the rest of my freedom . 
Just another one of those \I miss you\ " days .. " 
It’s official : Seeing you still makes my heart skip a beat , every broke-ass piece of it . 
Every time I hear of something awful that’s happened to you I laugh and say , “Karma’s a bitch . ” But truly I wish I could be there to comfort you . 
Rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > Burdolski , * October 31 , 2009 * 1 year .. You'll forever remain in my heart .. 
Dreaming old dreams , wishing old wishes .. Like you would be back again . 
I miss you , and you know it .. 
Get out of my head .. 
You're still the first and last thing I think of everyday .. 
I woke up this morning around 4 a.m. , with the < PROPFEMALE > shining bright like headlights on the interstate . I pulled the covers over my head and tried to catch some sleep , but thoughts of you kept keeping me awake . 
Believe me , the pain will never go away .. 
You wonder why I don't talk to you anymore .. and please believe me when I say it's not that I don't want to , it's just that everything I want to say I can't tell you anymore .. 
I just can't quite take it anymore .. 
It feels so wrong to still want to run to you .. 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > .. I hope he's alright .. 
< PROPFIRST > .. ): 
< PROPFIRST > .. you had me scared to death ! .. I'm so glad you're okay .. 
I don't know what I would do if I lost you .. 
Glad I got to see you .. I'm glad you're okay .. 
Wow .. I feel like I lost you too now .. 
Sorta ruined that one for me , eh ? 
I ain't got a chace .. 
Don't ever wipe your tears if you still want to cry .. 
Eh , that was legit . 
I can't believe his stories , I know that they're all lies .. 
.. and you're my reason . 
I'll keep you , my dirty little secret . 
You knew I was pretty before I did . 
When I’m alone and everything is still and quiet , that’s when I miss you the most . It feels like I’m suffocating on our memories . 
Lightning won't strike the same place twice . 
Not impressed . 
You thought a lot of things , didn’t you ? Why do you always have to be wrong ? 
I have a feeling that I will never be as happy as you used to make me feel .. 
Don't wake me up .. My life has the tendancy to completely fall apart when I'm awake .. 
11:11 .. and I'm still wishing for the same thing .. 
I don't need a lot of things , I can get by with nothing .. But I need you . 
You lost the one girl who thought nothing was wrong with you .. 
Why do you get to me ? 
I don’t see how I ever could have been crazy for you . 
Remember my fortune cookie ? Yeah , you still owe me a romantic adventure in 2010 . 
Sick of not being worth the truth .. 
I can't breathe without you , but I'll have to .. 
.. Stop talking to me , then maybe , just maybe I could finally get over you and move on with this damn life .. 
That stupid four letter word .. 
What am I suposed to do when the best part of me was always you ? What am I suposed to say when I'm all choked up that you're okay ?.. I'm falling to pieces .. 
I knew I should’ve wrapped that blanket around us tighter . 
Sitting on babies . 
Treat me like I'm finally worth something .. 
Make me feel worth it again .. 
All the times I kissed you I was drunk , and I had not a drop of alcohol in my body . 
I've been beaten down , I've been kicked around , but he takes it all from me . It was all the same , all my pride and shame , but he put me on my feet . (: 
It was always just “love you , ” because “I” never really wanted anything to do with it . 
Everyone’s always scrounging for more money , more time , more happiness . I’m just scrounging for you . 
I’m not sad . I love you so much that sometimes it leaks out my eyes . 
You've been on my mind ... since I woke up today . 
.. It was only just a dream . 
Istead of completely shattering the last few pieces of my heart .. please just leave me alone .. I get your hint . 
Messaged recieved .. 
Everyone told me it would get easier .. It's get harder everyday . 
I just want to turn my back on this place , run , and never come back .. 
I’m still mad at you , but mostly I’m just mad that I still miss you . 
I hate days like these . 
To see a capital “J” in a sentence makes my whole heart seize up and my body cringe . That’s how violently you haunt me . 
I miss you a majority of the time . The rest of the time I’m usually sleeping . 
... and of course you immediately popped into my head . 
From the moment I kissed him , I knew I wasn't over you .. 
But don't let them tell you that you aren't beautiful .. 
Thanksgiving . :/ 
I wished someone would have warned me about you . Truth is , I wouldn’t have listened anyway . 
I'd catch a grenade for you , throw my hand on a blade for you , I'd jump infront of a train for you , you know I'd do anything for you . I would go through all this pain , take a bullet straight through my brain ! Yes , I would die for you , but you won't do the same . 
Psychological fact- When a person cries and the first drop of tears falls from the right eye ; it's happiness . When the first drop falls from the left ; Pain . 
So tell me , have you promised her ' forever ' yet ? 
Don't tell me that the sky is the limit when there are foot prints on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
So fucking sick of living here ! I'd rather be living on the damn streets ! 
But why ? 
Hurts , don't it ? 
Make me another promise you'll never keep . 
Guess I was wrong . 
Do you even miss me at all ? Wait , don't answer that . 
Ugh . 
I meant every word . 
' Cause I don't want to thing of sharing you with someone else .. 
I will always be .. Tu Amor . 
You can put the blame on me . 
Please come back , and prove them wrong .. 
When words become useless , hold her hand . 
WHEN THE FUCK DID WE GET ICE CREAM !? 
Summer get here faster , I want to go home .. 
You're still my reason .. 
Even if I have to run away , I'm going to marry that boy someday .. 
I want to be the only one for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > , except for maybe you , and your simple smile .. 
Take your memories , I don't need them . 
We waste a lot of time running after people we could have caught just by standing still . 
Just two more years .. I think I'll live . 
And those eye .. I lost myself in them . 
Monsters don't sleep under your bed . They sleep inside your head . 
You used to shine so bright , it breaks my heart to watch you fade . 
Thats just my insecurities getting the best of me . 
Behind every scar , there is a story . A story that says \I survived . \"" 
Exclamation < PROPFIRST > , Exclamation < PROPFIRST > , Exclamation < PROPFIRST > . 
But .. you can't put your arms around a memory . 
Of all the lies , \I love you\ " was my fravorite . " 
How am I supposed to know what I'm going to be doing with myself in 10 years , when I don't even know what to do with myself right now ? 
I can't decide if you're the reason I get up in the morning , or the reason I can't go to sleep at night . 
You act like I don't know ? To tell you the truth , I DON'T GIVE A SHIT . Just stop ruining my day with your damn addiction . 
\You're a fuck up too . \ " Thanks mom . " 
Save me .. 
I'm not easy to understand , but you know me like the back of your hand . 
I find you when I'm close the bottom 
Well today just sucks . 
Sometimes you'll never know the true value of a moment until it becomes just a memory . 
Well , good night . 
It started off as butterflies , now it just hurts . 
Well , good night . Going HOME tomorrow . 
Who do you think you are , running around leaving scars ? 
Treat your love like a firefly , like it only gets to shine for a little while . Catch it in a < PROPMALE > jar with holes in the top , and run like hell to show it off . 
Bye , New England . 
I just really miss you , right now I kinda need to . 
Great fucking night . <3 
Owning at Guitar Hero . (: 
If I ever left that town . I'd never settle down .. 
So tired . Just wish you'd talk to me . 
I just thought that maybe you'd save me . 
P.S. , I still need you . 
I miss the way you used to miss me . 
It's ten steps in , and a hundred < PROPMALE > back out .. 
SAN ANTONIO ! ( : 
I think I'll \accidently\ " run into you next weekend . " 
I guess I don't quite know what to do with you anymore .. 
There's a dark cloud hanging over my heart . I can't see where it ends , or where it starts . 
I miss those blue eyes .. 
Driving through Wichita tonite is sure going to break my heart .. 
I'd love to love you out loud .. 
UGH ! Bored as hell .. Text me ? 
When you lose something , it's all you want back . You waited patiently , but it don't work like that .. 
Sorta glad the years over :/ 
Won't be making it home tonight .. Happy New Years .. 
Home now . You have no idea how much I've missed you .. 
The best feeling in the world is knowing you finally took a step in the right direction . 
With their wicked words , they'll try to hold you down . 
Ugh ! I'll just go to bed then .. 
Just another day of BS tomorrow .. 
It's nice to see your < PROPFEMALE > shine again . 
i love < PROPFEMALE > aaa lockwood , hacked by < PROPFEMALE > 
Cold . Tired . Happy . IDK .. Bed time ? 
They say that Disney Land is the \happiest place on earth . \ " Obviously they've never been in your arms . " 
.. It's the way you made me laugh when I didn't even wanna smile . 
I'm so sick of today .. Time to annihilate Friday . ( : Night Night . 
It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you , there's nothing that 100 men or more could ever do . 
IDK .. Sick of being single . Sick of open relationships . Sick of broken hearts .. 
<3 
So much on my mind .. Good night . <3 
Ugh .. this sucks . 
... Text me ? 
Total BS . 
Oh well , I just need to get back to reality .. 
That would only be delaying the inevitable . 
Well , tonight is pretty lame . :/ 
On the days I can't see your eyes , I don't even want to open mine . 
Fine .. Goodnight . 
I'll love you until the sky falls down . 
Guess I'm going to bed . Night . 
It just scares me that there's only one of you .. 
Friday needs to get here faster . This week seems like it will NEVER end . 
Can we please NOT end up like them ? 
Never felt this hurt in a long time .. I hate facebook , I don't like how much info I find on here . </3 
I hope reality steps in one of these days and just bitch slaps me in the face . 
I don't hate you , It's just that .. well , lets put it this way : If you were on fire , and I had water .. I'd drink it . 
So much on my mind , so much stress . My head hurts so bad . 
So , I'm gonna walk away , and it's up to you to say how far . 
So I got my 5th detention because my teacher's a dumb cunt . 
So much for my happy ending . 
Anyone can make you smile or cry , but it takes someone special to make you smile when you already have tears in your eyes . 
We were never really friends in the first place . 
This is me swallowing my pride . 
Rhabdophobia- Fear of being severely punished or beaten by a < PROPMALE > . What has this world come to ? 
You see right through me . How do you do that shit ? 
It's T-shirt time . 
Can't sleep . Text me . 
He's not the only guy in the universe , but he's the only one that matters anymore . 
1 Mississippi , 2 Mississippi , 3 Mississippi .. 
Each day I love you more ; Today more than yesterday , and less than tomorrow . 
You and I are going to be okay . You know that right ? 
Gooodnighttt . <3 I love you too . 
I don't know what's with me , but whenever I'm around you I can't help but smile . 
Ugh , can't get you out of my head now ! <3 
Wow , It feels really good to actually do my homework instead of waiting until the last minute ; monday . 
I talk about you as if you're the one who put the stars in the sky . 
Who actually knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions correctly ? \ 
? First name ? \ 
? Middle name ? \ 
? Last name ? \ 
? Age ? \ 
? Birthday ? \ 
? Eye color ? \ 
? Hair color ? \ 
? Nickname ? \ 
? Favorite color ? \ 
? Best friend ? \ 
Put this as your status to see who gets it right . 
My cat just sneezed in my eye . Ewwwww ? 
Yes . No school ! 
Well today's just sucked . Good night . 
Kinda makes you see things a little clearer , don't it ? I've been pushed so far away the past couple of weeks . I don't even know what to do anymore . 
Neck hurts so bad .. 
I really need to get a life .. 
Text me . Can't sleep .. 
Can't wait to completely annihilate Friday . 
Boy , you must have gone and bumped your head . 
Gave up .. 
You're such an ass hole . 
Your dream must be bigger than your fear . <3 
Made my day (: 
You told me that I'd understand one day . Today's that day . 
I'm boredddd . 
I can't waste time so give it a moment . I realize , nothing's broken . 
Doubt I'll be getting that hair cut any time soon .. 
Watching Saw , ehh there's a lot of blood in this movie :/ 
You know what , TELL ME THE FUCKING TRUTH FROM NOW ON ! I'm sick of findng shit out on my own . 
I'm bored . I'm just going to bed I think . Psh ! Who knows . 
A girl can't wait forever . 
Cullen , you have posted wayyyyy too many statuses in the past two hours . Still love you though .. 
Why must it be so fricken cold ? Ugh ! Goodnight . 
I do it just to feel like flying . 
' Cause it's my heart vs . common sense . 
I really didn't know what I was doing , but at least I tried . 
Well , can't put your arms around a memory . 
Oxygen is wasted on people like you . :/ 
Damn cheese heads . :/ 
Goodnight <3 .. 
Mom took phone , dont text 
Whatever , I'm chosing your happiness over mine . Obviously It's not what you want anymore so IDK . I can't take it anymore . ( Still no phone , not allowed to be on the computer , but I found where mom hid it , grounded . ) Yeah .. love you too :/ 
No , things change because nothing's new to you anymore so you just get bored . 
I'm not chasing you anymore .. It won't do any good .. 
So , what did you really want from me anyway ? 
Guess whose single this valentines day ?! I AM , and I'm completely okay with that . (: 
I really do hate school .. 
Sooooooooooooo sick n tired . 
It's funny how you suck up to me now . 
I need to find a way back to the start . 
No , Facebook , I can't tell you what's on my mind , because these ' friends ' are just a bunch of judgemental assholes . 
It's amazing how it takes one person to ruin a day and one person to make it absolutely perfect again . 
I've never been lied to so much in my life . < PROPFEMALE>'s really gonna have fun with you , asshole . 
Thought my dreams were better than reality . I trust reality more than the dreams anyway .. 
Pizza Ranch ! Haha good times ! <3 
Lizzy drank my potato coke . 
and so we stopped checking under the bed , because we realized that monsters were inside of us . 
No , this is < PROPFIRST > ! 
Where were you when these walls came falling down ? 
That's how depression hits . You wake up one morning , afriad that you're going to live . 
It's the little things , like falling asleep to your favorite song , that make life absolutely beautiful . 
People cry , not because they're weak . It's because they've been strong for too long . 
So here's to everything , coming down the nothing . Here's to silence , that cuts me to the core . 
I stopped making sense a long time ago . 
I think I kinda need to get a life . 
Would you stay if she promised you heaven ? 
It's okay not to be okay . Sometimes it's hard to follow your heart . 
I see your smile in the stars . I see your lies in my scars . 
I really wish I could come lay with you . 
But instead I'm here drowning in my own fucking mind . 
And you're too young and stupid to realize how young and stupid you really are . 
What if I stopped loving the person I promised forever .. 
I am begging you to be my escape . 
Do you really think that I'd give up that easily ? 
Hmm .. I really liked you . ): 
Just sitting back , delaying the inevitable . 
Sundays in Bismarck suck . 
Or just lead me on . That's cool too . 
You're the only risk I'm willing to take . 
Single or NOT put this as your status and see what people want from you\ 
A second Chance\ 
A friendship\ 
A relationship\ 
Smash\ 
... One nite stand\ 
Love \ 
Kiss , hug\ 
A Future 
I noticed that I tend to smile like a complete idiot when I'm talking to you . 
I'm not crazy , my reality is just a little different than yours . 
You made me this rebel child . 
Too tired to do anything . Too awake to sleep . 
Wow , I'm < PROPFEMALE > bored .. 
I hate that I can't find someone whose worth my time , just like my best friend . 
There needs to be more of ' YOU ' out there . 
I give up on Saturday . Goodnight .. 
.. And not a single fuck was given that day . 
I really should be packing or something , but instead I'm on facebook . What a life . 
Obviously I'm not making myself clear enough .. I've realized that you're all I really have been looking for ; someone who would be there for me , and wants to be with me .. no one else . That's all I really want , and you've made it clear to me . 
I'd give anything to be over loved .. 
I'm not your ghost anymore . 
What to do ..? So much unpacking , but no motivation to do it . 
Believe me when I say you're amazing . <3 
The pressure makes us stronger , the struggle makes us hunger . The hard lessons make the difference and the difference makes it worth it . 
Just tell me what you want , and I'll be that for you . 
Kind of a good day . Mom got married . Finally got my permit , no school for me . Haha yeah it's a good day . 
There's no use for posting my damn love quotes all over facebook .. Like YOU actually read them anyway . 
