OH crap back to work on Monday ! 

I wish it would STOP SNOWING !!!!! We really don't need anymore ! 
Is Hoping this week will go better then last ! 
Going crazy cause I have not talked to < PROPMALE > in OVER A WEEK !!! 
Feeling Better ! 
Happy 4th Everyone ! Be safe ! 
Ugh and Now < PROPMALE > is sick ! Well only one more in our house to get it and then everyone has had it ! Well at least here ! :( 
Well ??!! ~~~ Is the only thing I have to say about today and Im GLAD it's almost OVER !!! What a long LONG DAY !!! 
Hope this week goes fast !!!! and is GREAT !!!! 
MOM's 50th PARTY IS TODAY AT THE RHODE WAY INN 4PM SEE YOU THERE !!!!!! 
Looking forwards to going to the lake tomorrow with the fam ! 
Awww Yes it's the weekend !!!!!! 
Thinkin that this is great nap weather !!! Just to bad it is not down pouring with lightin ' and thunder ! 
Volleyball 2 a-days start tomorrow ! See you all at 6:30 AM !!!!!!!! 
Started the day watching the Volleyball girls run and that is how I am going to end my day ! I CAN'T WAIT !!!!!! : - P 
Just bought Evicted's NEW CD !!!! IT GREAT YOU ALL SHOULD BUY ONE !!!! 
Havin a great night ! 
Ready for our first game Hope practice goes well tonight ! We Play TOMORROW !!!!! 
Going to be a crazy month ! GO ... GO ... GO that's all we do !!!!! 
We are going to Plainview tonight to kick some butt ! OH YEAH !!!!! 
Going to be an early morning and a long day of Volleyball ! JV going to kick butt !!!! Can't wait !! 
This day is taking FOREVER !!!! 
Heck Yeah it's FRIDAY !!!!!! 
Had a great freakin Night ! Evictied was great ! The company was great !!!!!! and NO < PROPFEMALE > OVER !!!!! YEAH !!!!! 
Sad day at the Hintz house OUR VERY FIRST PET \KITTY\ " died last night ! 19 yrs . we had her !!! :( She followed me home on Holloween one year and never left !!!!! " 
Wow great job last night girls ! WE GOT ANOTHER !!!!!!!! 
is WOW'd! 
Wishes people would grow UP ! 
Jaycee was coughing all night LONG !!!! LACK OF SLEEP HERE !!! wow this is going to be a very long day ! 
Needs a NAP already ! What a LONG NIGHT !!!! 
Ready for the weekend !!!!! 
Well even tho I just now got off the couch from being there since 9 am this morning and yesterday was not any better ! I think I am feeling better and ready to go to bed ! We have a game tomorrow so I hope I feel better ! 
I Really don't like all of this COLD RAIN !!!!! 
OK went to MY FIRST CAGE FIGHT and IT WAS AMAZZING !!! and to top it all off < PROPMALE > BOYER WON HIS FIGHT !!!!! HELL YEAH !!!!! CONGRADS < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
Crazy day !!!! Well we played pretty good last night we got a set !!!!! Congrads girls ! 
Yeah our house is almost painted !!!!! 
Happy Halloween ! hope everyone has a good safe night ! 
So our pipe to our well broke last night and we have not water ! Then I get a call bright and early from work this AM and go in real early ! What a day ! What a way to start off a new month !!!! WOW !!!!! The day can only get better !! RIGHT !!?? 
Just got home from work ! :( 
Oh crap just got off work again ! I hate Late nights ! 
Well it's friday ! I am really looking forwards to a girls night out tomorrow night !!!!! I NEED ONE !!!! 
My baby girls is 3 today !!!!! What a big girl ! 
Hope this week hurrys and gets over !!!! 
OH Basketball is here ! Practice starts TODAY !!!!!!! YEAHHHHHH ! 
Oh well CrAP ! It is my last day of Vacation ! Back to work tomorrow ! But we have Basketball scrrriimmmaagggeee tonight !!!! SO MUCH FUN ! 
Yeah ! Freshmans first b-ball game is tonight at 6 I CAN'T WAIT ! Hope some of you come watch and cheer us on !!! 
Big fire it was amazing ! 
Well everything should be getting back to Normal ! ( whatever that is ) But this morning SUCKED THE BIG ONE ! Im tired ! 
Well today was a good day ! Almost all done moving stuff around in the house !!! 
Jaycee's pictures look great ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Nice job Freshman team ! Beat Norfolk 55-33 ! heck yeah ! YOU ALL DID GREAT !!! 
Have another freshman b-ball game tonight vs BC ! It should be a good one ! 
So Tired already but so excited to have < PROPMALE > and Jaycee x-mas shop for everyone when I'm at Basketball ! I love my husband and Jaycee ! They are so great to me ! 
Excited for christmas < PROPFEMALE > with the family ! 
Wow I hope the wind dies down tomorrow ! We have huge drifts ! This is nuts ! 
Happy New Year ! 
It's snowing AGAIN !!!! I thought we were not suppose to get snow till Weds .!!!!!! DANG IT !!!! 
Well I am ready for this snow to be gone ! Oh wait I was ready for that the first day we got snow ! 
Thinks there is alot to do this week and I don't know if there is that much TIME !!!!???? 
love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate ! 
Well only 2 more days of work ! Got a lot to do the rest of this week ! Keep rolling with the punches ! 
Well it's finally friday ! Bring on the weekend ! 
So I think we are done for the day ! Need to go to bed early cause we were up so early ! Now if only Jaycee and < PROPMALE > will go to bed ! :) 
Well we all made it through the night < PROPMALE > was a good boy ! Jaycee loved being woken up by him this morning ! \oh my bo\ " and gave him a big hug ! " 
Wishes some people would GROW UP and act their age ! Not their shoe size ! :) 
Well it's monday ! Finally have a freshman game tonight at < PROPFEMALE > ! Excited about that feels like we have not had one for , forever !!!!!! 
Nice Job Freshman girls ! 52-17 we win vs . Twin Rivers ! WAY TO GO ALL OF YA !!!! 
Finally home from driving to Kearny and then York and then back to Norfolk ! WHAT A DAY !!! But I think it was well worth it ! 
What a day ! 
So glad that tomorrow is FRIDAY !!! 
JV/V has a game tonight , tomorrow Freshman have a game , Monday Freshman have game ! Going to be good ones ! 
Ok so we got back from < PROPMALE > from the freshman game and I ate lunch and then layed down for a nap ! Well I just got up about 20 mins . ago ! Wow I still don't feel good ! I hate being sick ! 
Oh needs sleep so this cold will go away !!!!! To the Doctor tomorrow if I'm not better ! Jaycee TOO !!! 
Going to watch a movie tonight with < PROPMALE > and just relax ! I'm READY !!! 
Varsity has a game tonight and Fresman have one on Saturday ! I have a good feeling ! 
I HATE SNOW I HATE SNOW I HATE SNOW I HATE SNOW I HATE SNOW !!!!!!! Did anyone not understand what I'm sayin here !? lol 
Watching Gamer with < PROPMALE > its kinda like death race ! I don't know bout it yet !? 
Freshman won ! Nice job girls ! 59-30 ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends tonight and watch some new cool commercials ! LOL 
Hopes that today is a better day then yesterday ! Still very sad tho ! 
So much to do today and NO TIME TO DO IT ! 
Going to leave town with < PROPFIRST > for a night ! 
Got home , took a nap just got up and now Im going to go to bed ! So Tired ! 
This WEATHER SUCKS THE BIG ONE !!!!! 
What a long day ! Got alot done at work today but I have a lot left to do ! It's going to be a long week ! 
Hopin that its going to be a good day ! :) 
One more new person coming in today ! Then the houses are full again ! Wow ! Lots of work ! 
Oh it's friday and it Pancake day tomorrow ! So excited ! 
So proud of Grandpa for getting his award ! :) It was great !!! 
What a lazy day ! Took Jaycee to sunday school , then can home and have been watchin tv hanging out with < PROPMALE > and Jaycee . What a great day ! 
What a crazy DAY !!!! CRAPPER ! 
Well Monday is over I hope that the rest of the week goes a little smoother !! :-} 
Oh my head hurts ! Again what a day ! Crap Crap n more Crap ! GGGRRRRRR !!!!! 
Well the weekend did not get better ! ~ RIP Nurse < PROPFEMALE > ! You will be missed ! ~ 
Just wants to go to bed ! :( But I have 3 MORE MEETINGS TODAY ! 
Well it's almost friday then out of town for another funeral this weekend ! :( 
Getting ready to head out of town with < PROPFIRST > ! Hope the weekend goes as well as it can ! 
Home from Omaha ! n Watchin snow white with Jaycee ! :) 
Welp its Monday ! What more do I need to say !? 
Well today's inspections at work are over ! Already have over 35 hours in for this week and still have two more work days to go ! Ready for this week to be over ! Bring on the weekend ! 
Well the day is almost over and friday is almost here ! Can't wait ! 
Welp I don't think it was food poison I think it was the flu !! Now < PROPMALE > does not feel good ! Ugh ! :( 
Happy St. Patricks day Everyone ! I made green eggs for breakfast at work today Everyone kinda got a kick out of it ! Oh good times ! 
Well it's Thursday ! Hope this week ends well ! 
What the heck I want the Sun and 67's back ! That was great ! 
Ok SOOO .... We had a blast at the bday party ! Now we r going to go < PROPFEMALE > out with friends ! Oh it should be fun ! Can't wait ! 
Well its Tuesday ! Almost half way through the week ! 
The weather is getting nicer ! Can't wait for the 70's! 
Ready for the weather it's goin to be nice I love sitting outside havin some cold drinks ! I can't wait for tomorrow ! 
Ready for the weekend ! I'm so tired of being tired ! 
Hopin for some GOOD LUCK ! Just want something to go my way ! 
Well had a pretty great Easter ! Watched the kids hunt eggs and all that ! 
Well today is Monday ! OH what a day ! Can't wait for things to settle down ! Even just for a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I LOVE the Rain , with lighting and thunder ! I just wish it would be warmer !!! 
I want WARM weather and little to NO Wind ! Come on ! 
Hates sneaky liars ! 
If you cant handle me at my worst , you sure as hell dont deserve me at my best . -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
So Jaycee , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and I played outside all day ! What a great day for it !!!!! 
Had a great night with < PROPMALE > and Jaycee ! Now if the wind would just go away ! Also EXCITED about the Volleyball Meeting tomorrow after school ! Then going to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > a little bit more ! :) Its going to be a busy week ! Then going to go eat at JoDeans on Friday for Dad's birthday and Saturday going to the fights ! I CAN'T wait so much to look forwards to ! 
I WISH that if People had something to say or ask they would say it to my face ! If you don't have the nerve to say to my face KEEP my name OUT of your mouth ! n GROW UP !!!! :) thank god it's weds n for all the things to look forward too !!!!!!! 
Well the rain was awsome tonight ! With a little lighting show ! N sitting watchin it rain drinkin an adult beverage what could be better then that !? 
Love the rain hate the cold ! What happend to the 60's ? 
What a wonderful day ! Going out to eat with the family tomorrow and then off to the fights Saturday ! Great way to end a Great week ! 
Had a great time in GrandIsland ! Good fights ! And better after ! :) 
Loves it when things R looking UP ! 
Wishin my dad a happy birthday ! Hope ur day is great ! I LOVE U ! 
Well its another great day ! So exciting ! 
Had a great night ! Thanks you know who u r ! :) 
Oh the weekend ! Oh the weekend ! R U here yet ? I can't wait for some fun ! CAN'T WAIT ! 
Alright ! Got my yard mowed for the first time this year ! Only took a few hours ! :) 
Suppose to play our first game of volleyball tonight ! But I think its going to be freezin ! 
So Happy that Gma and Gpa Hummel are back in town ! IT was SO GREAT TO SEE YOU ! and HUG YOU GUYS !!!! :) 
OH what a day what a day ! Can't wait for it to be night ! :) 
Wishes the wind would GO AWAY !!!!! NOW !!!! 
Had a great night ! Glad the wind went down ! 
Oh well what can I say but its almost friday ! 
Had one of the best days ever ! 
Had an all around great weekend ! Hope the week goes that great ! :) 
Well it's almost weds . that means the week is almost over looking forward to the coaches banquet friday and the fights saturday ! HELL YEAH !!!! 
What a day already ! GLAD its Weds .!!!!! 
Ok so I thought I was going to finish mowin tonight ! Not goin to happen not only did I run over a piece of carpet after < PROPMALE > got that out then all of a sudden the blade stopped turnin after another few rounds ! Uh then < PROPMALE > broke the blades on the weed eater n had to change them geeez ! Not a good mowin day ! 
Ok so its cold and crappy outside what is up with this !? Oh well at least it is Thursday ! 
Hopes the weather gets warmer and FAST !!!!! 
What a morning ALREADY !!!! uhgggg 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful Mothers in my life ! N all of u that r mothers ! Hope u all have a great day ! 
Loves it when all the piece fall into place ! :) 
Trying to get all of the Volleyball stuff set up for the summer ! UFFTA ! What a job ! 
Want the weather to warm up ! NOW ! 
Can't wait for the weekend ! Going out of town for a bit ! Yeah ! 
Had a great weekend ! Nice to see everyone again ! Now its time to think about work again and hope the week goes well ! 
Well its hump day ! Down hills slide from here ! 
Oh weekend oh weekend I can't wait for you ! Really looking forwards to < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ! :) minus the part I have to wear a dress and be girly for a few ! lol 
Well the wedding was great ! AGAIN CONGRADS to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and the whole dress thing was not to bad ! Over 4 yrs since I have been in a dress ! lol 
Monday monday go away ! Come again another day ! The weekend was too short !! 
Wow so glad tomorrow is hump day ! This week is takin forever !! 
Ready for the weekend ! :) 
Feels Like I am running around with my head cut OFF !!!! WHAT A WEEK !!!! 
Ok so the weekend is here ! N I was at work till 11 tonight ! Again what a day ! 
Heading to omaha ! Can't wait ! :) 
Well the wedding was go congrads again to < PROPMALE > n Tiff ! And now its sunday n I have to work tomorrow ! :( 
Had a geat day spendin it with all the Hintz's! Good to see u all again ! :) 
OOHHH What a day ! 
The weekend is almost here ! Can't wait ! 
Oh friday oh friday are you here yet ?? 
Fishing derby tomorrow then a pic . at the park ! Then I hope a day of rest ! 
Is it friday yet ? Would have to say for a monday ir was not too bad ! Thanks to all the office workers ! :) 
Welp I'm glad its friday !! Looking forwards to cleaning out the shop and getting things put back in their places !!!!! 
Loves thunderstorms ! :) 
Loves the light show hates all the water !!! 
Well I hope the week runs smooth ! 
Holy buckets of water ! The river is sooo high ! CrAzY ! 
Well there r choppers out in the air ! N I guess I'm stayin n town tonight since the bridge is closed ! < PROPFIRST > here I come ! 
The water keeps on a going up ! cRaZy stuff ! 
Just wants to go home ! I can't sleep ! 
Well I am at HOME ! yeah me ! Finally relaxing ! 
UGG is it friday yet !? I needs to be ! 
Ready for some fun and relaxation time ! Can't wait ! It's going to be a great weekend ! Can't wait ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful Dads ! Expecally MY DAD , and All the Grandfathers ! N to < PROPMALE > , Jaycee saids Happy Father's day too !! 
Hates all the rain ! It needs to be able to dry up ! 
Well it's Weds . Can't wait till next Tuesday ! lol 
Well its friday ! YEAH ! 
Watched last house on the left last night with a friend ! Not a bad movie ! Normally I can call what is going to happen but I was batting ZERO ! lol Dogs did not sleep at all ! So neither did I ! OH Sleep how I miss you ! Hope I can get in a nap sometime today ! 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind do not matter ....... and those who matter do not mind ! 
\The greatest \ 
\One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth \ 
God didn't promise days without pain , laughter without sorrow , sun \ 
without rain , BUT He did promise strength for the day , comfort for the \ 
tears , and light for the way ! 
Pain is weakness leaving ur body ! 
The < PROPMALE > of being yourself at your best is the < PROPMALE > of unfolding your \ 
personality into the person you want to be . . . . Be gentle with \ 
yourself , learn to love yourself , to forgive yourself , for only as we \ 
have the right attitude toward ourselves can we have the right attitude \ 
toward others !!!! ~ 
~ Never shall I forget the times I spent with you ; continue to be my \ 
friend , as you will always find me yours ! ~ :-P 
\We do not quit playing because we grow old 
* Treat your mind like a bad neighborhood - don't go there alone . * lol :) Some days , Some days ! :-P 
~ I believe everything happens for a reason ! \ 
People change so you can learn how to let go . Things go wrong , so that\ 
you appreciate them when they're right . You believe lies , so you eventually\ 
learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes-good things fall apart so\ 
better things can fall together . ~ Peace out ! :) 
-When nothing goes right ...... turn left ~ lol 
Strength is nothing more then how well u hide ur pain !! 
~ It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare ; it is \ 
because we do not dare that they are difficult . ~ 
OK ! First Day of Volleyball Camp down ! 2 more to go ! Hope to see more of my OLDER GIRLS THERE the rest of the week ! But had a great turn out today ! Thanks for all who came !! 
\Success is never final 
One more day of CAMP ! Lets go LADYS DRAGONS !!!! 
\Attitude is a little thing that makes a BIG difference \"" 
Nice job team we kicked some butt tonight in sand vball : ) 
No matter how I feel its always TRUE , that the one thing that can make me smile is YOU ! :) 
My horse < PROPFEMALE > had to be put to rest tonight :( Jaycee asked why I was sad she said \mom its good that < PROPFEMALE > went to heaven don't be sad\ " She is so smart ! N she is right but < PROPFEMALE > was the BEST ! RIP my friend ! " 
Looking forward to a 3 day weekend ! Oh yeah ! 
Getting ready to head to the bowling alley for elijahs bday should be a good time . Its been awhile . 
Getting ready to head to the bowling alley for elijahs bday should be a good time . Its been awhile since I have last bowled 
Wow its been a while since I have bowled wow lol 
Ok 181 is my best of the day damn it lol 
Needs a magic < PROPFEMALE > 
Loves it when it rains and storms ! 
On the road again lol it < PROPFIRST > n mine song 
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn \ 
out . ~ True story ! ~ 
Totally just learned how to ride the dirt bike ! sweet ass almost ready for the real thing ! Lol I only killed it 4 times not bad at all ! 
Getting ready for another road trip tomorrow wait that means I should be sleeping lol yeah right ! 
Wow finally home then off tomorrow and on the road again monday with my < PROPMALE > lol 
Volleyball camp shirts r in ! Yeah !! I'm going to pick them up tomorrow at 10 of anyone wants to get theres ! Let me know ! 
Wishing on a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Wow what a light show . 
Swimming at the ymca oh what fun jaycee is pretty good lol elijahs not bad either 
Two more days of work then off for three cant wait ! Oh yeah 
Going to the lake Jaycee is so excited ! 
Officially its a full < PROPFEMALE > now they can all cycle down . Full < PROPFEMALE > s r beautiful but work wise I hate them ! TRUE story 
On the road again with my < PROPMALE > lol 
We made it lol now we wait a few 
Omg this is taking forever screammmmmmm 
Only a few hours left lol 
Finally back to Norfolk 
Off to bed night all 
On vacation and on the road again minus my traveling < PROPMALE > its not going to be the same I miss u already Manni lol 
Day number 2 done going to the mall then to the champions club for supper . Should be a good time ! 
So proud of < PROPFIRST > n < PROPFEMALE > W they r going to be on the radio well < PROPFIRST > is < PROPFEMALE > was there for support lol 
I'm back to work tomorrow yeahhhhh not lol 
Thinking I am going to put some new floor tiles down in my bathroom and kitchen ! Gotta go to the Man store to see what I can find ! lol 
Went to the MAN store n bought my new flooring ! So excited to put it n going to try n get the bathroom done tonight . Yeah !! 
Well .......... I got nothing lol 
Watching The Crazies wow lol 
Well the craziest was good movie I wasnt able to call it all lol 
\The best reason for having dreams is that in dreams no reasons are necessary ! \"" 
~ \Most people come into our lives and quickly leave . It is the special few \ 
Well its monday lol 
So excited bout my bathroom . Its all done new floor new cabinets looks great ! < PROPMALE > did a great job ! 
So its tuesday lol 
My Great Grandma is 92 Years old today ! I was blessed and was born on her birthday ! Wishing my Grandma a Happy Birthday ! :) 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes 
Home from a long day traveling with manni lol 
Well its friday 
Going to the car show then < PROPFIRST > night yeah ! 
Going to start cruzin here in a bit ! Hope its not too hott ! lol 
.... send me all ur vampires .... 
Thinks I'm getting a cold ! What a crappy time practice starts next week I need to be healthy ! Hope it goes away soon ! 
OMG ! This Cold SUCKS !!!! 
I'm going to the doctor today this cold is not getting any better :( 
Just saw an amaziing shotting < PROPFEMALE > ! N I made a wish ! 
Well I cant wait for the weekend going to get some R n R I hope ! 
Two frogs fell into a bowl of cream . One didn't panic , he relaxed and drowned . The other kicked and struggled so much that the cream turned to butter and he walked out ., Source unknown ! Cinder block n rope ! Lol 
Still feels like crap : ( 
Volleyball practice is monday at 330 spread the word thanks ! 
DON\T FORGET VOLLEYBALL PRACTICE 3:30 PM AUG . 16th IN THE GYM BE THERE OR BE SQUARE !!!!!! " 
Hey if anyone wants a < PROPFEMALE > discount card for discounts around Norfolk and < PROPFEMALE > please get a hold of me the volleyball girls are selling them for a week ! THANKS 
OK Dragon Cards are in ! If you want one let me know ! $15 heres the list ! 
OMG ! WHAT A DAY !!!!!! Can't wait for THE WEEKEND !!!!!! 
Its freckin friday ! Heck YES ! 
First week of practice went great ! Excited for our season ! 
Going to go for a motorcycle ride with a bunch of friends ! Should be a good time n what a great day for it ! 
Needs to Clean the house and get the laundry done ! Oh fun ! lol 
\Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out . \"" 
Are we sure that Today is not MONDAY !???? Cause it really feels like it !! 
Hummmm is all I got !!!! 
Hard to believe that one week from today we will be playing our first Vball game ! Oh my I'm so excited !! 
T - 6 DAYS ! 
T-2 days n Jaycee starts school ! My baby is getting so big ! T-5 days n we have our first volleyball games ! My girls are almost ready ! Lol their getting so big ! :) 
<3 u 4 <3 n me ! 
So o really don't want the weekend to end but want thursday to get here ! 
Oh hay why cant u put ur self n the barn ? Lol 
Gatorade Scrimmage Tonight at 6 !!! So excited ! Then our first game is Thursday ! OH MY ! 
2 days of practice then our first games ! Cant wait !! 
Wow what a day lol 
Well we r sitting on the side of the road < PROPFIRST > ran out of gas AGAIN ! Rod-o to the rescue lol 
Ok well its almost game day ! I'm so excited ! 
GAME DAY !!!!!!! & Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Hope you both have great days ! 
1-1 :) 
Still has a head full of snottttttt ! 
I HATE BEING SICK !!!! 
Game Day ! :) 
I'm not afraid to take a stand\ 
\ 
Everybody come take my hand\ 
We'll walk this road together , through the storm\ 
Whatever weather , cold or warm\ 
Just let you know that , you're not alone\ 
Holla if you feel that you've been down the same road ! \ 
GAME DAY T minus 3 hours ! 
We had an amazing practice today I'm excited bout tomorrows games !!! 
We'll walk this road together , through the storm Whatever weather , cold or warm Just let you know that , you're not alone ! Game Day lets go Lady Dragons ! 
Is tired ! 
Happy 50th anniversary to my Grandma and Grandpa ! Hope u both have great days !! Love u ! 
Sick and tired of being sick n tired ! Omg ! Grrrrr ! 
My jaw hurt from all my snot pressure ! Just want to be over being sick ! 
Mmmmmmm ....... its all I got ! 
1 . Y is it so difficult to realize that others R more likely 2 listen to us if 1st we listen to them ?... 2 . Y is it so much easier 2 B negative than positive ?... 3 . Why is it so difficult 2 motivate ourselves when we know that results come only through motivation ?... 4 . Y do we dread adversity when we know that facing it is the only way to become stronger , smarter , better ? 
* Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision . The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives . It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results * 
Nothing like running out n the pouring rain to put cars n the shed ! I'm dripping wet lol ! 
Mmmmm oh my ! Lol 
Well got a lot done today ! Went to work came home took a nap cleaned out cars n made supper cleaned up n now going to watch a movie ! Quote of the day \ mom me n dad did a flipin wheely on the 4 wheeler\ " lol " 
This weather SUCKS ! 
Wow is all I have to say about work already ! Wow ! 
So to end our wonderful day we r headed to the last house heres how it went Leslie\Tonya see if I'm clear\ " so I go to look out the window that I thought was all the way down well it was not smacked my head on window n lost my nose ring ! Lol wow is all I got ! " 
Game day ! 
Locked and Loaded ! 
Packers r going to be packing their bags after they loooossseee tonight lol muhahahahah 
Tied game lol 
Bears win lol wait for it wait for it lol 
Game day !!! 
Tired n headed to bed ! Night all sweet dreams ! 
Hoping for a good day ! 
\Heaven wont have me and hells \ 
Game Day !!!!!!! 
IT'S FRIDAY !!!!!! 
Feeling good about the day ! 
Looking forward to the day ! Jv has their last tournament and Jaycee is coming with me then its just me and her this weekend ! Should be a fun one ! Lol 
Feels like I had a full day already ! Went to work Jaycee had sunday school then we stayed for church ! Now we r eating Mc'ds for lunch gonna go hit the mall maybe then home to do more laundry n maybe take a nap ! Lol I'm gonna try for it anyways ! 
Celebrities walk on the red carpet cause their famous , but me n my friends walk on towel paper cause we're THE SHIT ! Lol 
NO GUTS ! NO < PROPFEMALE > ! ~ ! SUCK IT UP ! ~ It all about being brave and honest . Physically and Mentally ~ stand up for the things you believe in and go for physical achievements ~ . 
Feels like crap ! Head ache tummy ache shoot me now ! Ugh ... 
Headed to church ! Hoping for a good day ! 
Day was not too bad got a lot of stuff rearranged in the house ! House is getting back to normal ! :) 
I think I drank too many NOSs practice should be fun lol ! 
Great team supper ! Thanks to the parents who provided the meal ! It was yummy ! 
Game day and does not feel well at all ! Hope I feel better come game time ! 
GAME DAY ! GAME DAY ! OH YEAH ! 
I will not bow ! I will not brake ! I will push on until the end ! 
Ugh ..... 
Sometimes I just feel like screaming ! LOUD ! 
Game day ! Oh yeah ! 
Hello friday !.... 
Well its past 1:30 n I'm still at work ! Hope the weekend goes slow ! 
Kinda enjoy riding the dirt bike next Jakes bike for sure ! Lol 
Getting ready to head to Erins for our team supper ! Cant wait ! 
Last home game tomorrow 5:30 hope we can fill the gym ! 
Hates stupid people ! Omg act ur age not ur shoe size ! 
LOL ! So this morning Jaycee got her flu shot and after that she tried to tell me that she did not want to go to school today ! Cause she wanted to stay and play with my friends at my work ! and her leg hurt bad cause of her shot . I tried asking the nurse if I could get a note today so I would not have to work cause I got my flu shot and she laughed at me ! So needless to say she went to school and I stayed at work ! 
So it's Wednesday ! I feel BLAA .......................... 
\I think about you all the time But I don't need the same It's lonely where you are come back down And I won't tell em your name \"" 
Wishes I could stay in bed all day ! I'm so tired ! Ugh ! 
If you are reading this post even if we don't speak often post a memory of you\ 
and me when you finish post this as your status you'll b surprised what people \ 
remember bout you !............ 
Last reg . season games tonight ! GAME DAY !!!!! 
So we have two games tomorrow at Norfolk catholic ! Wishin for the best ! 
Game Day ! Game Day we play at 4 Vs WPCC then either Battle Creek or < PROPMALE > ! :) 
Good night people sweet dreams ! 
It's freckin Cold outside ! 
So ready for the G.I Trip for work ! OH YEAH !!!!! 
Omg my cheeks hurt ! This conference is great ! Have not laughted this hard n a while ! 
The triple threats r coming home ! Lmao omg ! What a great 2 days ! 
Its friday yeah ! Hope everyone had a great day ! 
Headed out of town ! Aww yes ! 
I'm so excited for Vans stake mmmmm . :) 
Oh gonna b a good night ! 
Finally home n in bed night all ! 
Happy Halloween everyone ! Hope everyone has a safe one ! 
Loves being at work late at night on halloween in our haunted building w < PROPFIRST > lol ! 
Game day play at 5 at Norfolk ! :) 
This day sucks ! 
Back to work ! Ugh 
Finally n bed ! Hoping for a better day tomorrow ! 
Hopelessly ....... 
My day just got better ! lol 
Going to try n sleep ! Night all ! 
Oh my so much to do today ! Ggrrrrr 
Wow again what a day ! 
Wow cant wait for friday ! 
NOBODY can answer ALL of these questions right- Full Name : ______ Age : ____ Birthday : ________ Best friend : _______ Favorite Color : _______ Favorite Person : _______ Favorite Food : _______ Favorite thing to do : ________ Post this on your wall , and see who knows you best . 
Well my day did not turn out too bad ! :) 
Wow cant wait for the weekend ! I need some sleep ! 
Wow wow wow cant wait for tonight ! 
Fuckin right 3 for 3 ! Nice job boys n coach u did amazing !!! 
Fuckin right 3 for 3 baby ! Nice job scrap yard ! Amazing job boys n coach ! :) 
Hoping for a lazy day at home ! So excited ! 
Getting ready to go on the roof of our shed ! This should b fun lol ! 
Had a long day ! Got a lot done ! Hoping for a good monday ! 
wHaT a CrApTaStIc dAy ! 
Wishing my baby girl Jaycee < PROPFEMALE > a great birthday ! She was born 4 yrs ago at 6:08 pm ! Momma loves u to the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Thank u for all ur happy birthday wishes to jaycee she was so excited to hear all those ! 
Thank u all again who supported our volleyball team ! Had our last team supper it was great ! I just cant say thank you enough ! 
Mmmmm what is today going to hold ?!...... 
Some people !....... 
Hoping that tomorrow is a better day ! TiReD oF wOrK !! and everything that goes with it ! 
Good night ! 
Thank You to all the Veterans ! N families ! Happy Veterans Day ! 
Today did not turn out to bad ! Thanks < PROPMALE > n < PROPFIRST > that was fun ! 
Well the weather is getting colder and I DON'T LIKE IT !!!! Hoping for a nice day tomorrow so the kids that come for Jaycee's B-day party can go play outside too ! Dang Weather ! 
Everything is done n ready for Jaycees party ! 
Thanking everyone who came and celebrated Jaycee's birthday ! You all made her day very special !! and I had a great time seeing everyone too ! :) 
Busy day ahead ! But I just don't want to get out of bed ! :) 
A day filled with meetings ! Yeah !....... NOT ! 
HOLY CRAPPERS !!!! WHAT A DAY !!!!!! 
:) 
Can't wait for tomorrow night ! COME ON B.A.H ! lol 
~ I'm in and out I'm up and down ~ \ 
~ Wonder if I'm lost or found ~ \ 
~ But I need your hands on me now ~ \ 
I hopelessly ......... wonder why 
Sitting at a bar listening to GooGoo Dolls- Name with my besty only missing one thing ..... 
I love the office bar ! 
Ur missing out if u r not at the office good times had by all . :) 
Finally home night all ! 
Omg this is going to be a long day ! 
The work day is almost over ! YEAHHHH !!!...... 
Holy crap the wind is nuts ! 
Its friday ! Looking forward to a weekend of nothing ! ( I hope ) then a bday party on sunday for one of Jaycees friends ! Cant wait ! 
Got a new phone wow this is weird ! Give me time to figure it all out ! Lol 
Mmmm ...... Its all I got ! 
What a cold day ! 
Home safe those roads suck tomorrow is going to b worse ! Ughhh ... i hate cold weather !!! 
Some people just dont get it ! Wow ! 
Wow everyone driving be careful its slick outside ! 
This WeAtHeR sUcKs ! 
What to do ? What to do ?..... 
So Much To Do ....... 
Can't wait for a day off ! 
Hope everyone has a safe n Happy Thanksgiving ! 
OK\ 
So went to Wal-mart before Midnight and got all of our stuff \ 
there .. then < PROPFIRST > n a friend got in line for some 5am stuff ( thank u\ 
again ) then went to Target n got our stuff there .. then went to \ 
ShopKo and got our stuff there ! and Now I am at work ! I am so tired \ 
going on 24hrs of NO SLEEP ! lol well worth it tho .. Jake , Amy , Kat , Adam , Cassy it was a blast ! lol except for the stinky guy ! lmao 
Still going ! Cant wait to meet my pillow tonight ! Lol 
Well 40 hrs of being awake straight is long enough for me ! Good nite people ! n peace out ! 
Jaycee is sleepin I think I want a nap too ! Lol 
Heading to Omaha to say good bye to some friends ! 
Almost home ! Had a great day ! Prayin all the 402nd have a safe return ! 
Hoping for a good day ! Got lots of stuff going on today ! 
I HATE SNOW ! Only good thing snow is good for is snowballs and tackling people ! lol 
Today was a good day ! Went fir a sled ride , my mom sent me home ham n bean soup n homemade bread yummy thanks mom n for tomorrow I say sorry aleady ! Lol good times ! 
At bomgaars lol again 
Soooo tired ...... 
OMG ! I want to go play some basketball ! SOOOO BAD !!! ......... 
I love basketball season but I always get a cold ! I hate being sick ! Oh I feel like crap ! 
UHGGG ! Well it's been a long day already went to work , < PROPMALE > and Jaycee went to the unit x-mas party , dogs rolled in crap they both had a bath ! and I still feel like crap myself ! I thought going to bed lastnight at 7 would help but I think I am just more tired now ! What a day !.... 
Wishes some people would pull their heads out of their azzes ! Omg ! 
I hope its a good week ! 
UGHH .... I got nothing !........ 
Can't wait going to York tomorrow and G.I. next week ! getting out of town is going to be great ! 
I am playing the #game ... so inbox me your number and i will tell you just what i think of you .. and pray\ 
to God everyone can handle the truth !!!! muahahaha ! 
#45 you are CrAzY ! lol No but really you put up with a lot of shit I could totally not do that ! But you do have a beatiful family ! :) 
#8 ! Where do I start ! we have had many fun nights ! I miss High School ! You Rock ! 
#206 I am glad that you make one of my best friends happy ! You are awsome to the whole family ! YOU ARE JUST GREAT ! Glad I can say I know you as a friend cause I would not want to get on your bad side ! lol :) 
#28 what can i say but I love you ! Even if you think you are a cry baby even when your are not drunk ! lol Glad you are part of my life ! 
#54 What can i say about you but we totally ripped it up ! Again I miss high school ! You are awsome ! 
#246 well even tho you are not a blood brother I think of you as one and you make one mean drink ! When are you going to make me another ! I'll drink you under the table ! lol I love you ! 
#362 I think you have really grown since I have met you ! You have a great family and you are very lucky ! Kinda luv ya for all you do ! 
#3 ive known u for sometime now u r a very strong person ! Glad ur a friend ! 
#19 I love u ! No matter what u r there when things r good or bad ! Thanks for all ur support ! 
#33 I miss bball n laying people out u always had my back ur awsome ! 
#0001 sometimes I dont know about u lol but ur turning out to b better n better ! :) 
#1234 u r amazing always putting others before urself luv ya ! 
#169 u rock u r getting better n better u have balls ! Lol 
Goodnight people I feel like crap hope u all have a great night ! 
#007 I love u n ur family I know u got my back always ! 
#55 we use to < PROPFEMALE > out all the time ! Kinda miss it we had some crazy good times ! 
#81 well known u for a while now think u r a great parent ! N u still suprise me lol 
#1 I love u u are the only sister that lived me us that I clam ! I miss ur eggs n toast n watching movies late at night w u ! 
#0690 I love u ive known u fir a long time I think u are a great parent n one of the strongest people I know im proud to call u my friend thanks for having my back ! 
So ready for a G.I. trip Monday ! Just hope the weather stays good ! 
I can't wait to be done being sick ! UGH what a headache ! 
Just watched a great bball game ! Nice job lady dragons ull get them next time ! 
Wow is all I got .... 
Finally n G.I 
I love Tiramisu .. lady finger cake soaked n coffee liqueur n rum layered between mascarpone n cream mmm 
UGH I feel like crap ! Did not sleep very well last night and had really bad dreams ! ....... 
UGH it's finally weds .!!! 
Sitting at the dentist ! 
Ugh what a day ! 
Its friday ! Hope its a good one ! 
Bein the DD tonight ! :) it could b a long night ! 
Had a great night ! 
Well Jaycees program went well ..... got our xmas shoppin done ... now time for bed ... nite all ! 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPFIRST > 4 wheelin was amazing cant wait to do it again w u ! 
Hummm its monday ! Only a few more days until xmas ! 
Tonight was a great night ! <3 u lw n bb :) n the kids my cheeks still hurt ! 
Its going to be a busy day ! 
Oh Weds . I hope you keep treating me well ! lol 
Ready for a few days off ! Come on friday ! 
Wishing EVERYONE has a fun- safe Christmas ! ~ Merry Christmas to you all ! 
Yeah I got a freezer from mom n dad so excited ! Thanks again ! 
Everyone needs to go to the O say good bye to < PROPFIRST > n < PROPFIRST > ! C u there ! 
Well < PROPFIRST > n < PROPFIRST > I wish u a safe return ! Love u both ! 
Ugh its been a long day ! 
Had such a great weekend got to see lots of family ! So excited for this weekend too it should b a fun one ! 
Sittin at the doc office w my baby hope she starts feelin better soon ! 
So ready to get out of town tomorrow ! 
Peace OUT Norfolk ! 
What a day ! What a day ! This weather sucks ! 
Hope everyone has a safe n great new years ! 
Finally off work after 20 hrs yeah ! Goodnight ! 
Good bye weds . I think Im going to go to bed ! 
Ugh Thursday gotta meeting n comin back home I hope ! 
Aww that was such a great nap ! Now to get up n fold laundry ! 
Mmm had a great lunch with mom n dad n now home to do more laundry ! Thanks again for lunch ! 
So much to do and I just don't want to !.... Ugh ! lol I hate snow ! Im blaming it ! 
So I was hoping that today would be better then yesterday but its not looking like it already .... Jace just puked .... n well yesterday in washer died ... oh joy ! Ugh .. 
I hate SNOW ! 
HUSBAND WEEK . If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married -2006 
God blessed me with a great family n great friends ! Just sayin ! :) 
Ugh what a day ..... 
Just soooo tired ..... Ugh 
Headin to Omaha with my Besty ! 
Hope today is a good day .... 
What a crazzzzy busy day ..... 
Well today has been good so far except for the snow .. made micky mouse pancakes , eggs , sausage , toast for brunch then me n Jace made 3 kinds of muffins n she made a cake w/ her easy bake ... Lol 
Watchin The Notebook ! :) 
So left work earlyish today and we went and pick up the other 4 wheeler ... rode for about an hour n 1/2 and Jaycee had a blast ... n so did < PROPMALE > ! lol Jaycee n I whipped some cookies and she said \we just made a cookie monster\ " ! lol She loves doin cookies ! " 
Headed to Kansas ! Yes with my Bestie ! :~p peace out Norfolk ! 
So why are there no deer crossing signs n missouri cause I know they have deer we've seen about a dozen ! Lol maybe they are smart n dont cross the roads ! :~p 
Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ! \ 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? •*\ 
* Jaycee < PROPFEMALE >!* 
Some people don't have a clue ! UGH ! TGIF ! So ready for the weekend to spend time with my family ! 
Ugh is wide awake n all I wanna do is sleep ! It sounds so cold outside !.... 
Did our good deed for the week and pulled a guy outta the ditch and he was stuck n a big truck lol good thing ours is bigger ! 
IT\S FRICKEN COLD OUTSIDE ! I WANT SPRING TO GET HERE !! " 
Heads are gonna ROLL ! Grrrr .... 
Hopein for a good night ! 
Had a wonderful night with < PROPMALE > , Jaycee , Elijah , Joe , Amy , Dad n Gpa now everyone is home safe n in bed ! :) 
Touch Down green bay ! 
Green Bay ! Won it ! 
The rainbow is so pretty ! Hope that means its going to be a great week ! 
Got Jaycees bedroom all switched around finally I can go to bed ! 
1 yr ago today we lost someone very important n our lives ! Continue to RIP < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Its so cold ! Burrrr 
Its Friday ! Oh yeah ..... 
Good night ugh what a long week ! 
Sold the quad n snow moblie hell ya ! So excited ! Next the motorcycle n the cougar ! 
Happy Valentines Day ! Hope you all get to share it with someone you LOVE ! 
Jaycee just got her ears pierced ! She did great ! Such a big girl ! 
Hope'n for another great day ! 
Happy Anniversary < PROPMALE > ! I love u very much ! Cant believe its been 5 yrs ! Hope u have a wonderful day ! 
Thank u to everyone that has wished < PROPMALE > n I a happy anniversary ! Love u all ! 
Home n bed ! Lookin forward to tomorrow ! Its gonna b a great day ! Love spendin time w my family ! N goin to the pancake feed ! Mmmmm .... :) 
Lovin the night out w the ladies ! 
What a day ..... 
What a great day ! My washer broke yesterday im about tired of that lol ! But my wonderful husband got a new one for me today so excited ! All hooked up n ready to go ! Now hangin out with my bestie n the boys r out playin ! What a great day ! Lovin life ! 
Sooo tired ! Gonna watch a movie n rest ! :) 
And all I can do is laugh ! Omg what a day ! Lol muhahahaha ! Wow ! 
Scars are souvenirs you never lose .... The past is never far ..... Did you lose yourself somewhere out there .... 
Love watchin Army Wives ! 
Loves it when a great plan comes together ! lol MUHAHAHAHHAH 
Loves my family ! :) 
MMMMMMM ..... Mom's Ham and bean soup with homemade bread was great today for lunch today Im so full ! I Love you MOM ! 
Hello weekend ! Its gonna b a great one ! 
Beaver City .... Thats all I got right now ! Lol 
Can already tell what kinda day this is going to be n Im not even out of bed yet ! Lol oh my ! 
Cant wait for tonight its going to be so yummy ! Mmmm cant wait cant wait ! 
At the dentist hope they can fix the pain in my jaw ! :( 
What a crazy day ! 
Im pretty sure I may have been Sherlock Homes in my past life lol ! 
This day turned out to be great ! Muhahaha lol ! 
Mmmmm .... wow ...... is all I got ! 
This weather blows I HATE SNOW ! 
Weekend was great ! Fights were amazing ! N we got alot done today ! Hope this week goes as well ! 
UGH ...... What a day ! My brain hurts ! lol I think I heard UMMM too much today ! LMAO 
Jaycee is going to be a big sister ! She will have a baby brother/sister in December ! She really wants a baby brother just ask her ! lol 
Goin to see Hop today Jaycee is so excited & cant wait ! L ol 
Had a great time at the movies w/ the fam .... best part was after the movies when < PROPMALE > got a refill on the popcorn and dad said \ Don't drop it\ " 2 sec . later he tripped fell and spilled popcorn everywhere ! lol but he did not drop the bag ! He saved it ! And he did not get hurt just a scratch on the knee ! :) great times ! Oh < PROPMALE > how I love you ! " 
So Jaycee answered the phone at work this morning for people to clock in and some did not even question it ! lol Too funny ! She was having so much fun ! I love it ! lol She's So BIG !! 
