happy new year !!! 

new years dinner yummm .... cabbage for money , beans for health , ham for luck .... sure gonna eat alot of ALL of it 
have to do a TON of dishes :( 
I kno i dont kno half the people on here but pls pray for my mom she is probly going to have to have heart surgery :( 
Working on this stupid History Project ... this project makes me hate < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for writing this song lol jk .... also filling out apps :( ahhh why cant they just give me a job lol 
eh i hate going back to school after a long break ... u always stay up too late the last night ..... school till 10:30 then drs 
stayed home .... not sleeping in though .... getting some stuff done 
i cant deal with this flipping project any more .... it is wat it flippin is ! >:P 
Missing my love ..... mom is geting a heart Cath the 29th ... bored .... cleaned my room it looks nice busy all day cleaning tomorrow :( .... i no feel so great ... probly goingto go to bed soon .... 
uhhhgg dont wanna get up i kno i have to clean ...... ur not sopost to clean on saturday :( .... i have a headache 
I love you < PROPMALE > ..... eating some < PROPMALE > noodles .... hope that makes my tummy stop growling at me .... 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer month 
wow talk about a bad day .... :(( 
Have you ever thought about some one all day and couldnt believe no one could see how much your in love with that person and need to be with them ? 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of theUnited States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one Nation under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let'ssee how many americans will repost 
MY DADDY GOT A JOB HES COMMING HOME FOR AWEEEK B4 HE STARTS ..... HOUSE CLOSES THE 11 OF JUNE !!!!! :D EXCITED TO MOVE 
Y DADDY GOT A JOB HES COMMING HOME FOR AWEEEK B4 HE STARTS ..... HOUSE CLOSES THE 11 OF ... http://chatter.com/a/8kpod?ref=nf 
School starts soon so excitred !! 
i wanna switch schools .... teacher are sopost to WANT to teach 
Dont you just hate it when someone treats you like your stupid ?? i do makes me feel like i cant do anything for myself and im just an ignorant person ... i kno im not but still makes me feel that way :( 
YAY today was good all except that cheese hot dog lol got all my hw done at school and all caught up in my classes . im happy with the essay i wrote for english ... I'm proud of myself :) 
Going to church sunday :) 
i hate bug bites !!! hope i find some good books at the library later . space chimps is funny !! 
Get my fake baby tomorrow !! excited .... i love to find old friends that were lost !! :) test tomorrow in speech ... finally got signed up for SATs getting some stuff in order lol 
I swear as much as i wanna be a mom im gonna suck at it :( not going to church tomorrow ... dont feel good at all 
Hey if ANYONE has an old VERIZON phone they're not using anymore u should totally send it to me my phone is dumb and doesnt work any more\ 
\ 
Read more : http://home.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=home#ixzz0y0aaIrFW 
Hey if ANYONE has an old VERIZON phone they're not using anymore u should totally send it to me my phone is dumb and doesnt work any more 
HEY if neone has a VERIZON phone they dont use nemore they should totally send it to ... http://chatter.com/a/j0yz3?ref=nf 
HEY if neone has a VERIZON phone they dont use nemore they should totally send it to m ... http://chatter.com/a/j0z37?ref=nf 
Gotta sell necklaces for < PROPMALE > club ... my goal is at least 50 ... 2 down 48 to go 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad \ 
ever , whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he \ 
is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let \ 
everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly 
going to church , kinda dont wanna go but got vounteered anyway 
If you want a Senior pic of me let me know in a message i need to know how many to get .... 
Let me know if you want a senior pic in a message i need to know how many to get ... http://chatter.com/a/kgnnn?ref=nf 
Let me know if you want a senior pic in a message i need to know how many to get ... http://chatter.com/a/kgnu1?ref=nf 
Let me know if you want a senior pic in a message i need to know how many to get ... http://chatter.com/a/kgoiw?ref=nf 
hey let me know in a msg if you want a senior pic of me i need to know how many to get !!! 
hey let me know in a msg if you want a senior pic of me i need to know how many to get !!! going to Ball State tomorrow :) 
hey let me know in a msg if you want a senior pic of me i need to know how many to get Need to know by like next Saturday !!! 
I just dont see why we seem to be fighting lately ... what am i doing wrong ? how can anyone work through anything if they dont recognize and confront them ? 
going to grandmas .... < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > festival tomorrow :) 
duck tail run was awesome !!! had fun with grandma ... have some speech hw to do ... im sick , stayed up half the night coughing , going to the dr's thursday Thank God 
I GET A NEW PHONE THAT ACTUALLY WORS ON WED !!!!!!!!! 
I GOT A PHONE THT WORKS NOW !!! 
went to the Dr man didnt know how sick i was got liek 6 new meds lol 
I dont understand how the simplest thing can put doubts in someones mind ... maybe its a sign ? Things dont feel right any more 
YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! NO JOKE ... Go to the top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so ... they can remove their < PROPFIRST > by changing their privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings-Phone-Customize-Only Me ) 
SATs on Saturday ... WOW im tired and confused a little i sopose , sad to today wasnt a very good day 
I hate being jealous ! i know its wrong for me too be and i have no right and i hate that feeling . but fair is fair . 
Why does it hurt to try to be happy ? why does being fair hurt ? why does this feel right but at the same time hurt so much ?? 
just got done with SATs .... god that took forever 
long day eating some cookies .... had an apple and chicken < PROPMALE > . i hope His day gets better :( 
YUMMY STEAK and APPLE JUICE !!!! 
Speech tomorrow nervous as heck ... giving blood too so gotta eat breakfast :( and my grad stuff is due tomorow wow lots to do lol 
HOME TODAY WAS GOOD ... IM HUNGRY 
Home grandma's comming later ... im hungry 
Sick sick sick being sick sucks , missed church today 
I HATE BEING YELLED AT < PROPFEMALE > I DID NOTHING WRONG !! AND I HATE FREAKING VIRUSES ! 
dr soon getting picked up @ 1130 !!! im hungry 
going to have dinner with family i havent seen in a while tonight flu shot too yay 
i love family its great to see family thats been gone a while 
YAY got my computer back :) 
OMG I CARVED MY FIRST PUMPKIN TODAY AND IT WAS AWESOME !!! 
I just finished my senior pics ..... I did them myself :) now all i gots to do is get them printed and start sending them out !!!! 
OMG I GOT AN INTERVIEW TOMORROW !!!! 
WELL AN INTERVIEW ON MONDAY ... i meant monday lol 
just kinda thinking a bit sad .... funny how one piece of information can ruin a holiday so full of fun .... working on my bullying project , i hope the interview goes well tomorrow maybe a job will help take my mind off things .... i hope 
Gave out < PROPFEMALE > and dressed up it was fun i love little kids on holloween !!!.... An innocent smile from a little kid will always melt my heart :) <3 , interview tomorow pray i get the job ... i need it 
interview today !!!! yay tired dont wanna get up going to sleep in first .... too early another hour is all i ask 
I feel like my interview went great ! put in some more apps i hope i get the job , and possibly another if not that one 
I dont know how i feel relieved yet sad .... i think i did the right thing .... i hope ... i prayed about it and it feels right so i hope .... : - / 
I feel a little depressed today deffinitly a little tired 
MY FAMILY IS SO FUCKED UP !! y cant they see that they do fucking treat me different ? My sisters is such a spoiled fucking < PROPFEMALE > she needs to grow the fuck up ! 
ive been thinking that giving everything up was a big mistake , but I know in my heart it’s the best thing and im trying really hard to trust God and give him everything but its harder than ever before . I mean if he loves me why is he taking you . 
Hey any one from < PROPFIRST > Going to FCA tomorrow morning if you are can you give me a ride ???? i live in the heights 
ugh dont wanna get up :( bad day already had a weird night ..... a poster fell on me while i was sleeping ...... BRRRRRR its cold outside 
HEY ANY ONE THAT GOES TO < PROPFIRST > THAT ISNT IN KEY CLUB SHOULD GIVE A KEY CLUB MEMBER ALL UR POP TABS FOR < PROPMALE > YOU SHOULD SAVE THEM !!! 
i hate when people double have standards . they do one thing and expect you to do another , when they did it for real and u were just talking hypothetically . how am i so different from you ? why could i not make a mistake as well am i a saint ? .. no far from it .... you make me sad :( 
Pray for me to hear god clearly and to make the right decisions in my life 
got a headache that could kill .... and i still have kitchen to do ... imy .... not going to church tomorrow maybe next sunday .... i am helping clean the < PROPMALE > room maybe .... 
heat in my room WOWHOOOOOOO ! got bunch of dishes to do :( but other than that everything is done raking my grams yard soon :) i love leaves its gonna b cold though lol 
ughhh dont wanna get up ... raking leaves after school today 
didnt rake leaves tonight so now i have to do them tomorrow ... wasnt feeling good so i took a nap and over slept now its dark . busy day tomorrow now . at least its wednesday . 
off to student counsil , then school , then tutoring , then raking the leaves i didnt get done yesterday lol fun fun :) 
The worst feeling in the world : your family eating dinner without you \ 
Feeling : unwanted 
Inbox ONLY . Tell me something you always wanted to tell me . It stays between me and you . Put this as your status and see what < PROPFEMALE > get ! ( Like this and I'll tell you my first impression I had of you ) 
raked leaves today ... and picked them up ..... more raking tomorrow yay ! :( ... not ... it was hot today .... chores to do and i need a shower that dirt made me dirty ... who -da thought LOL that was lame yes but what ever im lame ... im only cool online !! :D 
Done tutoring got a migraine ... im hungry and tired ... im sopost to rake the rest of those leaves today 
MY FIRST COLLEGE ACCEPTANCE TODAY !!!!! I COULD GO TO OCU !!!! :D that a college im really intrested in !! 
Cleaned ALL DAY then stayed out so freaking late last night man im still tired this morning lol oh well finally a day of rest llol 
DONE TUTORING !! YAY .... im hungry now 
got accepted into IWU :) 
drs appt . tomorrow and printing some pics :) 
sick this morning , had a horrible dream , and have a horrible headache :( 
Tired drs diagnosis : sinus infection .... get my senior pics Sat . eating some taco < PROPFEMALE > :) 
tired going to walmart soon , i think working on my uncles wedding present 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !! 
Just seeen < PROPMALE > Potter ... :( poor Dobby i cried 
dont wanna go to school tomorrow .... had a dream of an OLD friend .... havent seen them in a while havent < PROPMALE > out with them in like 7 years ... wow didnt even know i was thinking about them 
.... breathe just breathe control your temper and dont strangle your mother 
I believe in true love .... i believe its out there some where for every one . I kno what i have is real ... so love has to be 
That was a blast !!! fun fun fun :D reading chicken soup for hte teachers soul its pretty good :) lots to do tomorrow ... i can start on my presentation :) 
A little bored so i wrote a note i think it fairly good you should read it if you get the < PROPMALE > . 
Redbull 
just posted a note i think its really good .... i think God deffinitly has a plan for me and i think he's showing some of himself in my notes , its not me who is writing its my heart and im glad he's in it . I LOVE GOD ! he's amazing isnt he :) 
trying to think of the teacher that influenced and impacted my life the most .... 
posted a note ... i was looking through old documents and i found it i wrote it awhile ago but let me kno what you think pls ??? 
Off to do some scavenger hunting after breakfast with mrs dishon :D so glad its today ! 
I Thank God for every thing and every one he's blessed me with :) 
i understand now why God blessed me with all these material items and friends .... because he knew my family was too much for me to handle alone and all the time ... i love my friends and my music thanks God for giving me ways to deal with all the fighting 
THANK GOD !! my dad broke his ankle ( not good ) but we thought he was gonna loose his job but the people at Omnisource are AMAZING and angels from god .... and made a way for him to keep a paycheck comming in . :) THANK YOU GOD you bless me in so many ways 
i can't wait till i go off to college just for the simple fact i get out of this house away from these people who make me feel like crapi know life isnt fair but its as fair as you make it im not a freaking maid that was put here to clean up everyone elses mess , I hate this ... i wish i were some where else if only they knew how much they hurt me . words and all ... 
my family needs a divorce ..... and therapy .... 
hope that the family meeting last night helps we got alot of new rules and stuff were going to follow it will help for sure if we follow them 
hanging with my mom and sis 
addiction is a horrible thing it really is it hurts not oly the addicted but everyone around . not just drug addictions any addiction 
GOT ACCEPTED TO BALL STATE AND < PROPMALE > VILLE UNIVERSITY GOT AN $ 11,000 for acadimics at < PROPMALE > VILLE UNIVERSITY !!!! IM PROUD OF MYSELF I GOT ACCEPTED INTO EVERY COLLEGE I APPLIED TO :D 
Just got home stupid phone keeps dying :( 
Im doing it < PROPMALE > im sry i just i cant take her any more :( 
this shit is retarded the worst fucking break in the histry of anyones life !! 
why do people just push u till u break ... its nice to know God is there even when i forget to ask him for help 
getting ready for Christmas dinner tomorrow :) 
excited for the family dinner tonite yay !! 
dinner was awesome i love hanging with the big family :D 
sometimes TOO much family time is a bad thing 
yay got my dvd writer installed ... ready for the new year ! 
thinking about cutting my hair wat do u think 
OMG people are still good :) 
cutting my hair .... and dying it ..... im nervous its been over 3 years sence i cut my hair 
got my hair cut man i look different , and dying it right now hope it doesnt turn out too bright 
hairs done should be pictures up soon 
ill up load my pictures on the first 
thinking about uploading pics tonight not sure really bored immma go watch dr < PROPFIRST > 
i didnt know indiana had earthquakes lol 
well now i can't fucking sleep . 
i hate this i cant stand to hear her name 
yes God speaks at the craziest times ... but sometimes those are the only times we truely listen 
listening is easy its following directions that painful ... 
don't feel like getting up and going to school , i dont feel like doing anything but laying in bed and sleeping to forget how i feel 
stayed home today any one know if we had home work in weicht class and mr spitlers ? 
friday :) 
donating plasma next monday !!! on a water drink diet lol 
just thinking ..... 
Thinking and tired ... 
Stupid NPR's :( 
idk whats on my mind i feel so confused 
Went to church had fun :) 
On\\n*Paper Angel * 
well im tutoring after school everyday now thats $50 a week for tutoring and $50 dolars a week for donatin plasma thats $100 a week !! great part time jobs huh :P can pay for my senior trip in 6 weeks :) btw those who ordered candles they will be in in a few weeks should be before march or the 1st week in march :) 
hey any one that lives in kokomo , tipton , or windfall wanna sponser me for fasting at the ten-31 ... we are trying to raise money to buy a chicken farm for a family over in Hati .... it would help tremendously you have till friday night just let me know asap if you would like to and ill come get the money no certain amount anything you want to give is appriciated ! checks accepted too :) 
# day weekend this week end YAY !! going to OCU this Saturday :( wish Critter could come Then Staying the rest of the weekend there .... drs tomorrow 
