is bored 

Good day to be ! 
has a formspring ... bring on the hate 
AWESOME DAY ! SO AWESOME I THINK IM GOING TO PUKE 
Off to my friends house to distract myself from my life ! awesome ! hopefully we pwn sum nubs 2nite ! 
cant keep himself distracted from life X.x 
Adventure time !! YEEEEEEEAAAAH ! 
<--- just saved 10000000 kittens from a burning building ... all hail da < PROPFIRST > 
is going camping for a week ! its gonna be awesoooome ! 
IS BACK ! and thanks guys for wishing me a happy b-day 
can't wait for 2morrow 
DURR IM < PROPFIRST > I FORGET TO SIGN OUT OF MS PEARSONS COMPUTER 
forgot to sign out of a school computer ... and found out that somebody totally made me look like a creeper ... greaaat ! 
I always wondered ... how on earth xbox decided what to make their buttons ... a b and x y .... what was the thought process ... i mean REALLY ... 
I really hate my T.A. period , the teacher is really chill and all but there is NEVER anything for me to do .. and me being without an ipod ... ive got nothin ... comp is way to slow to play any stupid flash games ... its an hour and a half of pure horror and boredom .. 
PSAT was pretty tasty 
Yeeeah ! Juniors got 2nd place in the rally ! AGAIN ! what a surprise !!!! 
Ah ... back from Walden West , didn't sleep all weekend even though I was completely Exhausted ... CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS ... ah ... i love that game already 
I hate my T.A. period ... 
I'm so sick of kids who think they know what they are talking about , but totally don't , and won't stop even if you prove them wrong ... drives me nuts ... 
Hey gyus hwos it gniog tdaoy aynbdoy out terhe ? I'm so breod ... see I bet u guys read that with no problem at all ! check out my post , its really strange . 
Duuuuuuude ! this weekend is gonna rock ! 
Gawd there is nothing worse than the stress of highschool .... 
Back to the basics , first profile picture I ever had :) 
So , the first 5 people on my the side-bar of my friends , who will have to be my team for the zombie apocalypse is Aryton Ostly , < PROPFIRST > Kitzmiller , < PROPMALE > Barker , Pryce Turner , and Connor Doyle ... hmm , I think we would survive , good even group there . 
Harsh ... * cry * 
Hey , just a warning , if any of you get random links from me in chat , don't click em until your sure I sent it !!!!!!!! 
Oh my god Jackie ... pro-status ! 
JEEZ ! I am constantly wishing I was doing Walden West again soon , I love that place so much it's ridiculous ! 
Last drivers training lesson ! And I get to drive the instructor up the mountain in the rain !!! What could go wrong ??? :) 
Wooot ! Super pumped for Wednesday !!!!! I'm going to demolish that drive test !! 
Oh my god , they never end ... One day Jackie .... ONE DAY !!! 
YAY ! FINALLY GOT MEH LICENSE ... now i just need a car ... 
Being sick sucks .... 
I WANT TO DRIVE !!!!! GRRRRRRRRRRRR ! 
I hate the radio ... I've heard the song Friday 6 times today ... 
Totally pumped for the rally , I need to make up for a week of poor expression of spirit . Tomorrow shall be a day for the record books ! 
GRRRRRRR ! I NEED MORE ORANGE !!!!!!!!!! 
RAAAAAAAAAAAALLY !!!!!!!!!! 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > and Rango ... < PROPFIRST > was hilarious and tons of fun , Rango was good too but not as much . :) 
Saw Sucker Punch with my little sister , good movie but I don't think I would want to watch it again soon . 
My phone is broken ... thats really annoying ... 
i have just hacked your account . love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Farmer 
Oh no !!! 
I hate when smart people do stupid stuff ... and then think its funny ... when its not ... and it makes a lot of people angry because said person screwed them over . 
It is way too hot out ... 
SAT was like the < PROPFEMALE > test on steroids with more complicated questions .... the 4 more tedious hours of my life . I'm so glad its over ! 
