It's a shame how fast your money goes now a days .....! 

Feelin kinda blah today . Rain got me out of the mood to mow the lawn , and i really need to . Lol ! 
........ People never behave the way you expect them too .... Ahhhhh .... sweet loneliness , our on/off relationship continues ..... 
Dreading Radiography Program ..... School loans taking forever to come in .... So far have spent over $400 on school prep and tuition hasn't even been paid yet .... Still have to buy Navy Blue Scrubs , White Anti-Slip shoes , Books , and Student Health Insurance ..... I am so broke ..... But it's a means to an end , and as long as i can see the light at the end of this 2yr tunnel , i'll be ok . 
Feelin kinda groggy , don't know what it is . Tried to take a nap , but couldn't really fall asleep . Gotta work out tonight . I really need to stop procrastinating ...... 
Think i gotta pinched nerve in my upper back , been out of work for 3 days now , going on 4 . 1st available Doctor's appointment is on Tuesday , sux to be me ! 
< PROPFIRST > I can only be me . That's the best I know I can be . Hopefully there is someone out there that's gonna like me for being me . 
Got a 100 on my Chest < PROPFEMALE > and Lat . Simulation .... Yeah ..... Congrats to everyone that did great , and an early congrats to everyone that's gonna do great . 
Hmmmm .... Bored , bored , and more bored .... Jus ' finished washin ' my car .... She's lookin ' all sparkly . I need to get a life lol ..... 
Can't sleep , gotta go to work tonight .... Argh ! Daily grind gettin to me a lil , no time to really relax except for holidays . Again , gotta do what i gotta do . LOL , startin to sound like a broken record ..... Aight then , slap !, back in the game , just needed a wake up . 
Man , I can't feel anymore alone then I do now ! 
We're in for it now .... < PROPFEMALE > won , i can't believe it . I'm a state worker , and now my job is at risk . Selfish Northern Jersey , all they care about is their property taxes , even though our educational system has improved . New Jersey is in for it now . We really have a crooked governor this time around , and i doubt he'll take the one dollar salary ..... 
Just installed my Skunk 2 Short Throw Shifter and Shift Knob with my Energy Suspensions transmission bushings last night . Car shifts way better . Totally excited , want to do more mods . Need more money .... I am so siked ! 
Slightly tired , not really sleepy , tryin to figure out what to do .... Been runnin around like a headless chicken since college started , now that I've had two days off , don't really know what to do with myself ..... LOL , but can't wait to sign those Full-Time papers . BEN-E's!!!!! 
thinkin about going to clinicals tomorrow , not sure .... decisions decisions 
Happy New Year To All . Be safe and have fun !!!!! 
Got my new whip for the new year FB , Lovin it . Time for me to get right for myself , and to start takin care of myself . Let's bring in the new year right ! 
Just checked my school grades , straight A's FB , straight A's!!!!! Yeah , let's do this . \ 
New car , straight A's , looks like i gotta work on getting back in shape and takin better care of myself . Then I will be < PROPFEMALE > FB ! :D \ 
8-) 
Come on snow . Start comin down so i can't make it to work ..... Getting stuck there again , it's kinda getting old . I should be taking a nap , because at this rate , the roads will still be driveable by the time i have to go to work . 
Gotta work tonight . I guess it's time to go back . I was getting a little cabin fever , and i'm tired of shoveling . Back to the grind stone . 
Happy V-Day to everyone , even we single people ....! Go spoil yourself ... 
Ahhhh , got class tomorrow . Gotta try and get some sleep lol , I am the enemy of sleep , not intentional though . Blah blah blah , blah blah blaaaahhhh ..... LOL ! 
Feelin good , today was a good day . Went on a date , felt all nervous and amateuristic ..... LOL , think it went great ..... Hope to go on many more , but anywayz . Time to take it down . Must learn how to go to sleep ! 
Really feelin Ne-Yo's albums .... I know it's kinda late , but just been in the mood lately to hear it .... Luda still be bumpin in my car the , lol .... 
I can't believe the Catholic church .... Now they are trying to say that there is some kind of hate campaign against them . Well , duh , they are protecting pedophiles ! 
ahhhhh , just got out of work . Tired , gonna try and get some sleep , hopefully . Gotta study , test tomorrow ..... Argh ! 
Hah ! Life is so funny . Sometimes all I can do is just sit back , look at everything and laugh ! Not just at myself , but also the situations I get myself in ..... 
I yearn to make someone laugh and be happy , but alas , perhaps the one thing I think i'm good at is destined to evade me forever more .... Perhaps someone can find value , in a simple soul . 
Hmmm , what to do today .... Might go see Date Night , looks funny :-D 
I am so tired , and kinda tired of everything .... 
Takin my first steps to better taking care of myself . Feelin good after a break in workout . Nothin special , but I do feel good . And I have the weekend off ! LoL , now what to do for this weekend ...? 
At movies , waitin for my pizza to and see Kick Ass .... 
hmmmm ... I didn't know Death at a funeral was already out .... 
Today is a new day , and the start of me takin care of me .... Feelin good , let's see how class goes . Gotta buckle down and get the sh*t done . No more distractions , must focus . Bein tired is no excuse lol ....! Everyone have a great day today ! 
@ work , tired , got a headache , and my heart is throwin me for loops . Man ! when are things gonna start gettin easy ? 
@ Clinicals , tired , can't wait for the day to end . even though i have to work tonight .... would like to have someone i can go home and talk to that'll distract me from my long day . communication with another human being is so underrated and under-appreciated ... 
oh how fun it is to be at work .... well , at least i'll be gettin some studying in . Time to Ace this test , bright and early ! 
Day didn't go as well as i planned it , but there were some positives .... Most focus on positives and try and figure out how to remedy my shortcomings of the day . I will do better next time and excel at what i set my mind on . Hope everyone elses day went well . 
past the halfway < PROPFIRST > at Clinicals .... can't wait to go home and relax . Just a lil bit tired .... 
Well , off to see Oceans , happy Earthday Everyone ! 
hmmm , tryin to give this facebook app a shot , lol . work is boring as usual . tryin to have an idea of what to do this weekend besides study , lol .... 
Uh Ohh , 360's Facebook app just got a million times better . Bout time , LoL ! 
Just got to work , and my dumb behind made sure i barely got any sleep , lol . Don't know what i'm gonna do with myself .... Had an okay day though . 
Wow , night is already startin off interesting . Clients already actin a hot mess ! 
So bored .... So , so , so bored 
Ahhh .... gonna relax , take a nap , and then study . Long day ahead , lol . Then when I go to work , gonna have to do some more studying . My life is so exciting . 
Uh Oh , slept right through my study time . Oh well , guess i'll have to make it up at work :-( 
Tonight is gonna be a long night . A very very very long night ! 
On the real , Eminem is my favorite rapper . Just heard a his freestyle , and damn ! Wow .... Anywayz , time to go beddy bye and take a nap before work . Laterz ....! 
got a horribly huge and hard test in the tomorrow . No amount of studying has me feelin like i've covered everything I need to know . Oh boy , I am not gonna like this one .... 
Well , i'm still alive and breathing , lol . But i could have done better . Gotta get back on the ball . But I'm tryin , and I guess that's all that can be said for now . Now , what to do .... Got clinicals tomorrow , what to do for today .... My life is so exciting ! ( psssttt ... can you sense the sarcasm , LOL ) 
@ Work , tired and I feel a lil beaten up , lol . Not sure if it eas from layin on the table in class today . But I do feel like I took two to the kidneys , lol . Anywayz , whatever .... Wish I was in bed right now , and I have Clinicals in the morning . 
Just got home . Oh the relief . There is nothing i have to go straight to . No college , no clinicals , just home to relax . Feels good , feels real good . 4 days straight of back to back work school , work clinicals . Sometimes it's like there is no end in sight . And i'm off this weekend . Yeah ! Hmmmm .... Question ? Who's gonna see the \Nightmare on Elm Street\ " remake today . I might go . ( sinister laugh ! ) " 
Thinkin about tryin to get a temp job as a census taker . But I don't know . If i work OT at my job , then i can easily eclipse that payrate . Decision , Decisions , Decisions ..... Oh well ..... Lol , it was just a though . 
lol \ Mr. Nice Guy \"" 
Well , still bored to tears at work . But I think that is a good thing , lol . Hmmm .... What to do , feelin restless .... 
< PROPMALE>' want to go to sleep yet . Tomorrow is coming too fast . I don't want to take a final ..... Can't stop time i guess .... 
The Final wasn't too bad . I have confidence in that I think i did well . But let's not count our chickens before they hatch . I just feel good about it , that's all . Tomorrow's Clinicals , in which i'm in the OR :-( , but then Another test on Wednesday . Whoah is me , lol . 
Guys and Gals , i think i have it all mixed up . This whole time I've been lookin to the movies for how relationships are suppose to happen . The thing is , i think thats's the rare cases . I'm gonna have to start being more pro-active with how I go about getting the attention of the opposite sex . So much work needs to be done .... 
So hungry , don't know what to eat .... Thinkin about havin some < PROPFIRST>'s burger .... But I don't know what to eat with it . LOL , decisions decisions decisions ..... 
Had me some Quiznos today . And it was good .... Yeah ! Hmmmm ... Now i need to take my ass to bed . LoL , i have to work tonight .... :-( 
@Work , tired .... Wouldn't or should I say couldn't go to sleep . 8hrs can not come any faster ! I just want the night to be over , quick ! 
Wow , how refreshing a shower is after you do some yard work .... Especially with a puffy afro , lol . Dirt just seem to be attracted to it like a magnet . But now i feel good and clean . And i did a very good job on the yard I must say ( not tryin to toot my own horn , lol . ) 
Let's do this dance again .... @Work , hopin the night goes fast . Gotta see Iron Man 2 @ the IMax tomorrow ! Can't wait . Everyone enjoy your weekend ! Feelin complacent right now .... LoL , could really go for some relaxin music right about now . 
Iron Man 2 today , FTW ! Anyone else goin to see it today , shout me a comment ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful ladies that are mothers and the ones soon to be . Enjoy your day and take a load off . Rest and relax because tomorrow , we'll be back to nagging you for everything under the sun , lol ( laughs sinisterly ) . \ 
\ 
J/K ! 
Well , have a test today . I hope i do great ;-) \ 
Good Luck and best wishes to all that are taking tests and finals this whole week . We can do this ! Good morning and Good Day ! :-D 
Wow , did pretty good on my last test . Feelin good right now . Tryin to relax , day off tonight , but got Clinicals in the morning . Tryin to get up the courage to do something I don't normally do . Gotta tell myself , I can't prepare for everything and every result . There has to be some unknowns in life ( aka risks . ) 
It's gonna be a long night . Got pulled from my < PROPMALE > to the all female . Have to monitor a suicidal patient . And gotta try and study for a Final and a hard Test . It's gonna be a very long night . 
on\ 
\ Mr. Nice Guy \"" 
Well , did pretty good on both my Final and Test . One more Final to go and one more day of Clinicals . I can do it .... LoL . Now all I need to do is take a long hard gulp of courage and start living a lil . And first thing on my agenda is to start taking risks ! 
All done with Clinicals for the next 6 weeks . Yes ! I am so tired , lol . But I'll miss the people there . Now tomorrow is the harder Final , and I can finally relax . I can make it , I can do it ..... I think I can , I think I can , I think I can .... LOL ..... Too much Disney on the brain . Think I'm losin it .... LOL ! 
Overslept for work . Got there 2hrs and 45min late ! Damn ! But my Supervisor still let me go in so that's what's up . Guess my body is tryin to tell me somethin . Well , time to study ! :-( 
Yeah ! Finals done , Aced all 3 of them . Feeling good about that . Not so great about that big gulp of courage I was suppose to take . I passed scholastically but failed developmentally , LOL . Couldn't do it , brain talked me right out of even attempting . Don't know what I'm gonna do . Well , with another day comes another < PROPMALE > . Here's to the future . Hopefully I can surmount my reservations and just do the damn thing . LoL ! 
Had a great night out with some wild people . Havin been to the club in a long time . Had fun though . @ < PROPFEMALE > , thanx for the invite , had a blast . @everyone esle , thanx for being awesome company ! We gotta do this another time . 
I'm really feelin like goin to Applebees to try that Southwestern burger . It looks good ! 
@work again . oh the boredom . but it felt good not havin to get up early for school , lol . Oh yeah , this break is comin along nicely . I'm tryin to enjoy myself for these 6wks . Because after that , when 40hr/wk Clinicals start up . I'll be dead to the world , lol . 
Ahhh , work , work , work .... Kinda feels like that's all I do , lol . Well , can't wait to go home .... 
Work is already startin off crazy , but that should be expected considering where i work . Probably gonna be a long night . \ 
Everyone out havin a good time , take a shot for me . Wish I could be out havin fun my damn self , but if I don't work then I couldn't afford to go out , lol . Laterz ! 
OMG , it's gonna be a long night . It's gonna be a very very very long night . Damn patients ! SMH 
I need to take my ass to sleep , but i'm not really that tired . I must have borderline insomnia , lol .... 
< PROPMALE > Mars is aight .... Not bad , not bad at all . 
Oh yeah ! one more night to go and then i'm off . Imma Be loungin ! Gonna try and enjoy myself tomorrow ! Now time , while i'm still here , Hurry the hell up . I gots to go , lol ! 
installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
Man that Travie McCoy and < PROPMALE > Mars song is infectious ! Got me groovin ' ..... 
What’s on your mind ? @Work , night moving along gradually . Gonna be a long day today and I'm so tired . Didn't get any sleep , lol . But I had fun for the most part so it was worth it . Looking forward to completing some much overdo tasks .... 
Hmmm ... What to do today ? LoL , any suggestions .... 
Ahhhh .... Gotta do some yard work . Oh how troublesome .... But gots to do what you gots to do .... 
Just got to work and the night is already goin bad . It's gonna be rough for the next couple months I guess . Man this sux ! 
Work was horrible last night and this morning . I mean a complete and utter mess . Not only that , it made me not able to see my Brother before he goes back to the Army ! I was so pissed off today . I don't know what else to say .... Laterz ! 
@Work and the night is on a steep ass downhill slope . Got this pain-in-the-ASS client . And a uncooperative co-worker ! I really feel like goin home ! Is a smooth runnin night @work too much to ask !? 
I can't go to sleep , whoah is me .... I don't know why ..... 
Just got home from work . One more day to go and I'll have a night off . Yeah ! Now let's see if i'll be more successful at getting some sleep today lol .... Night shift is hard on a child of the Sun ( < PROPFIRST > ) . How am I suppose to sleep when the Sun gives me energy .... ( Superman ) LOL ! 
Night is halfway done .... 4 more hours to go and I'm free . Oh how sweet the taste of freedom .... 
LOL , passed out for several hours . Now i'm up .... 
Stalking the UPS truck .... Waitin for a package . Next agenda will be to get my AC hooked up in my car ASAP ! Yeah , things are comin along nicely .... 
@Work , and that's all I can say about it , LOL . Oh , and that this job is a mess , lol . Time to start the countdown .... Can ' wait for morning . 
@Work again , back to the grindstone . Had a great day though . Got my eat on , got my sipp on , and got my Ice Cream on .... All in all , \Today was a good day . \ " LoL ! There is nothing like hangin with quality people . " 
@Work , again , lol .... Starting to get repetitive , lol . Anyways , looks like i'm gonna have a boring night . But I guess if my days continue to be as good as they have been , then I can deal with 4 lame hrs .... 
Argh ! Woke up with a stomach ache and headache .... Don't know why .... Kinda passed out last night , LOL ! Hmmm .... What should I do today ? The world is my oyster , lol . Maybe I should work on my car , but then what .... Hmm .... Any suggestions ....? LOL 
Got my car fixed , now my baby runnin smooth . Had to take apart most of the exhaust system to do it , but now she is purrin ..... No police is gonna pull me over for some noise ordinance bull .... LOL . Feelin good about a job well done . 
Back to work again .... Had a good day though . Got my car runnin right , tried some mexican food ( pretty good , by the way ) , and communicated with some good peoples . 
Just got home , finally takin advantage of my dental plan . Made an appointment for the dentist tomorrow . Never had a cavity , so here's to crossing my fingers for the same results .... Might get some < PROPFEMALE>'s later though ... :-) 
Aight FB , today was a good day . Didn't get much sleep , but I got my Dentist appointment tomorrow at 2 , i should be getting my car parts tomorrow also . As far as today , I got my < PROPFEMALE>'s on , Yeah ( green apple + vanilla custard + vanilla waffers = delicious . ) Plus got to watch the sunset , see the < PROPFEMALE > rise , a planet , and get told off by a frog/toad , within the company of good peoples . Good day FB good day ! 
Got Drake's new album via my Zune .... It's pretty good . Not a super fan of the guy , but his album is pretty good . I'm only not a fan because of the stuff comin out of his mouth when he not rappin .... But i think it deserves a listen if anyone is on the fence about it . Can't wait for Em's new album though .... 
Had a great night last night .... LoL , and then I passed out ... Think my body is tryin to tell me somethin , lol .... I was fightin it though .... Kinda didn't want the night to end .... Well , here's to more good times =) 
Gotta try to behave myself today and take my ass to sleep , lol . I was way too tired last night at work . Not a good thing . Hmmm .... now what to do , lol . I really can't help the fact my body responds to the Sun , lol . Must learn discipline .... later !!!! 
Rested most of the day , lol . But got to see a LiL one dear to me step up and move on to the 5th grade . Congratulations Jazzy ! It really feels good to be there for others , it makes me happy . 
Listenin to Em again ... This album is gonna be da sh*t ! Man he a beast ! 
Happy Father's day to all the Fathers out there doin that damn thang . It takes a real man to raise a child , and to all the Real Fathers out there , we appreciate you and all that you do . 
Bored at work . Think it's gonna be a long night . Boredom ! Argh ! 
Whoah , burnin up right now .... Just finished my workout . No more procrastination ( I hope) ! And I got Em's new album , yeah ! I'm gonna be so sore in the morning , lol . But it's gonna be the good sore , lol ( I hope ) lol . Anywayz FB , wish me luck , everyone have a great night ! 
As usual , bored @work . Which again , is a good thing . LoL , but unfortunately the only thing keeping my sanity is Em's new album , off the chain ! Other then that , bored to tears . Wish I was elsewhere , lol . Later FB , I know most of you are sleepin , lol . Night Shift ! 
Jus finish workin out ! Yeah ! I think I might just stick with it this time . Feelin good , even though now i'm exhausted , lol . Now , i'm gonna stretch and try to relax . One more night of work :'( \ 
Oh well , gotta do that damn thing . This makes me feel somewhat good , outside of the dissappointment I had today in regards to my Car and her AC . 
Had great weekend . < PROPMALE > out with my Mom and my Grandma , had a blast . My grandma is so funny . Then today , saw my classmates ( kinda missed them ) , and got to < PROPFEMALE > out with some afterwards . Had a blast , got to play in a pool , and ate some great food . It was a great weekend ! 
Day ended great , well atleast before i got to work , lol . But I got a < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > with my PIC , who i haven't seen for a lil bit so I kinda missed her , and got me some < PROPFEMALE>'s . Mango + Vanilla Custard + Vanilla Waffers = delicious , and + My PIC = fun ! 
Yard work kicked my butt yesterday . I know i do a lot , but wow . I was so tired , lol . I guess that was my workout for the day , lol . Hmmm .... Might see Avatar : The Last Airbender today . Let's see how the day goes . 
Well , gotta scrap the plans for avatar , but i might go see Knight and Day .... Heard it was pretty good . Today is kinda blah now .... What to do , lol .... 
Can't really sleep , don't know why , lol . Hmmm .... I don't know , maybe it's time to find something to do .... Let's see .... 
Back to the daily grind , i swear my days go far too quickly :'( \ 
I can't wait to be heading home ....! 
Gonna see Avatar : The Last Air Bender today , At the iMax ! yeah ! The iMax experience can't be beat . Goin to the one in < PROPFEMALE > Hill , I don't like the Tropicana one for some odd reason , lol ..... Everyone have a great weekend ! Enjoy the holiday if your off ! And if you work , try to enjoy the holiday , lol ....! 
plans just got smashed ! >:-{ 
Guess I'll just have to find something else to do ..... Not happy right now . 
Saw Knight and Day tonight . It was pretty good . Had fun ! Had me some company this time . Unlike my \Solo\ " adventure when I saw Grownups . \ 
Uh Oh , workin OT , tryin to get that money , lol .... Got some things I need to take care of . But now i'm still bored , lol . Everyone have a safe and enjoyable 4th . Happy BBQ-in , lol . 
It's gonna be 99 degrees today , 99 ! Gotta get my AC in my car runnin ! That's priority numeral uno in my book ! 
I got AC ! Yes , I just might survive this summer , lol . 
Can't sleep , could be because of my late night workout . Now i'm up and have nothing to do . I should've worked out earlier , then I would've been tired by now . What to do ? 
Now I'm frustrated . AC still not working . Tell me , why even take your car to the dealership if they don't even know what they are doing . You'd think it would be pretty easy for them . Man , i am so angry right now . 
Horrible day FB , horrible day ! But my evening was better . Got my bicycling on , got my eat on , and a really great friend extended a hand to help me out of my crisis . All-in-all , I can't stay mad . Let's hope my Clinicals in the morning run smoothly . GN FB , everyone have a great night , i'll be workin :'( 
Well , 1st day back at Clinicals and I'm not dead yet . Actually pretty proud of myself . I haven't forgotten much :-) ( whispers , i'm a genius , lol ) Now I just need to find out the status of my baby ( my car , lol ) . She better be ready . Dealership did me dirty yesterday . Well , here's to hoping everything goes well .... Everyone stay cool okay , and becareful with this heat . It's nothing to be messin with ! Laterz ! 
I'm at work :'( \ 
Didn't get an ounce of sleep . Went immediately from Clinicals to dealership . Picked up my car , got some possible bad news , but MY AC WORKS ! That's right , you heard it . My AC works , I am so happy . My baby ( my car , lol ) is back . Not as cold as the newer cars , but I am comfortable . Well , I have clinicals right after work again . Don't know whhat kind of energy i'm runnin on , but i'm still makin it , lol ! 
Back at Clinicals , had a long night at work too . Pain in the butt clients . Hopefully I can make it home okay .... I have a feeling it's gonna be a long day . 
Clinicals almost done for the day , I can doit ( make it that is , lol . ) Just a couple more hours and i'm home free .... 
@Clinicals , gettin kinda tired ( seeing as i only got 2hrs of sleep between today and Tuesday ) , can't wait for the weekend . I'm off ! 2 1/2hrs left in Clinicals and I work tonight ; then i'm off .... Yes ! Maybe i'll go bike riding or something , lol .... Any suggestions ...? ;-) 
Might check out Predators today , hopefully ... Maybe the 12:45 showing . Hmm ... Let's see how this day pans out ... 
Well , it's back to my hellish schedule . Clinicals in the morning and Work at night ; with only 4 1/2hrs inbetween to run errands , workout , eat , and sleep ( not neccessarily in that order , lol . )\ 
Whoah is me , but self-improvement takes some sacrifice .... Later FB ! \ 
Everyone have a great day , and wish me luck :-) 
clinicals goin okay i guess . Can't wait to get home though , so i can relax ( for 4hrs ) Hmmm , but there are some things i need to buy .... Uh Oh .... 
no Clinicals in the morning , yeah ! Was about to start losin it . I'm just tired . At least I can clean my room , haven't had the time during the week .... 
Today was , for the most part , a good day . Got some sleep , questionable on how many hours I might have gotten , lol . But after that , I played some videogames with some good peoples online , and then went to a BBQ ( which the food was slammin by the way ) and they had a pool . And I can never turn down a pool , so I jumped in even though I wasn't exactly dressed for a pool , lol . All-in-all , not a bad day . Now i'm at work :'( 
Well FB , looks like I got a positive on sleep apnea :-( \ 
But , at least now I know and am doing something about it . \ 
On a brighter note , saw Eclipse last night with my PIC . The movie was actually not bad , better then the 2nd one . And I committed to my workout before I went to sleep . Doin good FB . :-) \ 
Well gotta go @Clinicals ;-) 
Looks like it's gonna be another one of those FB . One of those Long Nights @Work :'( \ 
Then got college in the AM . Kinda happy to go and see my classmates again :-) Missed them , but then we have to take a test . Not exactly lookin forward to that , lol . Anywayz , back to the grindstone FB , everyone have a wonderful night :-) 
The Sorceror's Apprentice was pretty good . Today was kinda blah , had a hard ass test that sucked . And work in the AM sucked . So right now i'm gonna try and take a nap before my workout and when I have to go to work . Let's keep it movin FB ; left , right , left , right , left , forward march ..... LOL ! 
@Work , somewhat rested . Took a nap and then did my workout . My plans kinda backfired on me . Used the Ab Wheel yesterday , and then when I did my Ab workout today , they were killin me . But I guess that's a good thing . So , what up FB ? I'm feelin kinda good . Let's see how this night pans out ; then I have Clinicals in the morning :'( 
@Clinicals , dancing around in my head FB . That's not a good thing for me , i'm suppose to occupy my mind as little as possible . It's a very dangerous place , full of over-analyzing and the sorts . Help ! Oh , and i'm still sore , lol .... Ow ! Can't laugh , lol ( a less enthused , LOL ) 
Well FB , upon the recommendation of some concerned family and friends , I gave my body a much needed break . No workout tonight , not even one pushup , lol . Still , sore everywhere though , lol . But I think it's the good sore ;-) \ 
On another note , back to the grindstone , lol .... @Work , hopefully the night goes quickly . Anyway , I will be up , so anyone wanna tag me up , feel free to do so ;-) 
that was an awesome ; monsoon , hurricane , tornado we had today . Was stuck at BJ's when it happened . Saw the whole thing Buggin out with my peoples and this nice lady from Verizon . I didn't kick Verizon's back in as hard as I normally do , because she was nice . Well , back to the grindstone tomorrow . Clinicals first and then work . 
Aight FB , home sweet home , lol .... Now what to do with the little time i have , lol . Feelin like gettin some < PROPFEMALE>'s though :-) 
Okay FB , work night is already startin off rough ! Hopefully it smoothes itself out . On the other hand .... I don't know , sometimes i'm just confused .... Oh well , guess I don't feel like sharing this one , lol . 
Don't know what it is FB , but every so often the ol'ticker gets a lil perturbed . Just sometimes I guess I miss all the lil things like ; a kiss here , a hug there , a random call to see what i'm doin , a smile because i'm here .... All those things that usually get taken for granted are the simple things I miss . And whilst I do get some solace from the friendships i've created , sometimes there's jus a lil piece missing . 
@Clinicals .... day is going by , not faast , but not slow either . It's just goin . Gotta busy day after Clinicals , and i'm tired .... Well , gotta do what I gotta do ..... 
What up FB !? @Work again as usual , and definitely wishin I was doin something else ( as usual , lol . ) Woke up tonight for work kinda confused .... Guess I gotta become more dissciplined and use my time to the fullest and most beneficial . That means I need to sleep for that lil bit of time I have between Clinicals and Work . No more playing lol . I think my body gave me a warning today . So I gotta be good . Wish me luck :-) 
Had a good today FB . Done with my Sleep study for now . Saw \Despicable Me\ " with a great friend and some crazy childrens ;-) \ 
Had a good day today . Had lots of fun in the AM , then took one of my best friends lil ones to the National Dance Day celebration over at Dixon Dance Academy and had some fun . Then had lunch and goofed off for the rest of the day until I passed out , lol . Yup , today was a good day :-) \ 
Now I'm at work , havin a crazy night , but it won't get me down . Coolin FB , lol , can't stop , won't stop ! 
Had an interresting night yesterday FB . My love horoscope was creepily on point . Kinda scary and exciting at the same time . I have an interresting future ahead :-) \ 
Also saw Halloween 2 and ummmm , yeah he was just mirkin people without prejudice , lol . Kinda looking forward to find out where this new path i'm on is going to take me :-) 
What's up FB , hadn't been on in a couple of days . Kinda been pre-occupied in a good way . It's funny how things turn out , and i'm liking it . LoL , i'm liking it a lot :-) \ 
Well FB , wish me luck on my new endeavor . I know I can't wait to see how things develop :-) 
Not feelin to good right now FB . Kinda feels like there's a one ton elephant on my chest right now . Not liking how i'm feelin right now . Brain is a mess , i just don't get it ! 
What's up FB , sorry for that momentary lapse in thought processes . But now i'm back , and happy being just me . Clinicals is goin pretty okay . Can't wait for the day to be over , sadly I do work tonight . Anywayz , hope everyone has a great day , take care ! I'm out ! 
Well FB , knew this day was coming . Last day of Clinicals . At first i couldn't wait for this day to reach . Kinda sad and happy at the same time . Sad to be leaving , but happy to know they really cared about us . I'm going to miss everyone at my site . There are some very special stand outs that i will definitely miss . But i hated to be leaving . It was an awesome site full of wonderful people . I love living life ! 
Argh ! Feelin mad lazy today ... And I have to work tonight .... Really feel like callin out ! But I must behave myself . It's just that my Vacation starts tomorrow ! Broke vacation that is , lol . Well , let's see if i can at least get motivated to check on my car .... Been neglecting a nagging issue with my baby . Hmmm .... 
Had a blast yesterday . Went to see my Grandma , she is so adorable . I love her so much . Then < PROPMALE > with some really cool people at the Pier in NY . It was pretty cool , watched a movie in a park on a big inflatable screen , then chilled and had drinks afterwards . Cool as day .... And I got home after 5 in the morning , good sh*t ! 
Chillen , chillen , and chillen . Oh me oh my .... 
Well , back from Lake Apsagami . Had mad fun , jus chillen , then swimmin , and then more chillen , lol . This Vacation is turnin out to be not that bad . Now there are some things I have to take care of . But all in all , doin well . Sadly , and happily , i have class bright and early tomorrow . Uh oh ! 
Uh Oh FB , I've stepped in it this time . Picked an online course assuming that it will be easier . I am and will be sorrilly mistaken . Oh well , gotta man up and do what I have to do . Gotta just do it .... ( sighs deeply ) 
Goin to WildWood to check out the bike show . Man i want a bike so bad ! 
First night back and I'm already irritated . Oh well , why complain , pays the bills . Hmmm on to something else FB . School year is starting off okay , let's see how it pans out . Being as optimistic as i can . Time to pick my head up and keep it held hi ! Let's do this ! 
Got my Halo : Reach Legendary edition , yeah ! time to get it in ! 
Work , work , work ; school , school , school ; work , school , work ; school , work , school .... OMG . It's kind of funny , with all this self improvement , i've kinda lost time for myself , lol . ( sigh's heavily ) Gotta get my grind on .... 
@Chilli's wit my good peoples , bout to get my good eats on ! :( Don't want to go to work tonight .... 
Had a wonderful day today FB . Having great friends and great people in your life just makes it greater ;) \ 
Just , really had a nice day .... Thanx to everyone that made my day \Great . \"" 
Very interesting day today FB . Got to say somethings i've been meaning to say , and recognized how powerful the english language can be . Words can really move mountains . Always value what u say FB , stand by and mean what u say . And you'll have no regrets . 
Can't believe FB . Gonna have a long and rough night . Not cool ! Not happy with English assignment grade , and had a big test today ! Think I did okay , hopefully . Feelin the weight of things FB . 
Clinicals today .... Oh boy , then gotta work on my English assignment and have to review for my test tomorrow . Let's hope the day goes smoothly FB . Everyone have a wonderful day , Later ! 
@DMV , and they've gotten slower . Argh ! 
Almost done work ! Yeah ! Hmmm , now what to do 
@Work now , been battling a cold for almost a week now . I think i'm on the better half of it now :) \ 
Been doing good in school too FB . Gettin As on everything , except for English :( been gettin mostly Bs . But i guess i'll take'em and try harder 8 ) 
I need to make a change FB . Gotta discipline myself more . My body is sending me warning signs about my lack of sleep . I gotta do better . Can't hurt myself or the people close and dear to me . I need to be around for a very long time . Gotta do Better ! Will do Better ! Aight , motivation is at 100% . I Know I Can Do This ! 
Ahhhh , blah , blah , blah , and blah . Hmmm , and BLAH ! Nothing else to say really :-P 
Yeah ! Eminem was crowned #1 on the Greatest MC's List for 2010 . Much deserved ! 
I can't stand dishonest people FB . I've been taken to the cleaners by a thief . Someone stole my EZ-Pass and it has now blew up my account . And now I'm stuck with the < PROPMALE > . It's not right FB . I swear , life is tough when you are a nice person . Well , I won't let this bother me too long . Time to find a solution to this mess and get the ball rolling ! 
Been thinkin about it for a while now FB . This political mess . We really need to make sure we go out and vote on Tuesday . Not to be fear-mongering but things can get worse . That whole idea that you don't like any of the candidates so your not gonna vote is a load of crap . Just go out and vote . Be accounted for ! 
Ordering me some Domino's! Yeah , let's get it ! <3 Luv me some Domino's! 
Tired and exhausted FB . And I'm so tired of bein tired . Clinicals in the morning , joy ! ( can u sense the sarcasm ) Oh well , gotta do what I gotta do . Gotta keep pushin on FB . Everyone , enjoy your night . 
Movie day today FB , Rockin it solo . But i'll be alright . Enjoy your weekend everybody ! Laterz ! 
Thinkin , thinkin , thinkin , and more thinkin . Sometimes my own mind can be my own worst enemy . Thinkin , thinkin , and thinkin .... to be continued FB .... 
Oh boredom FB , really don't feel like bein here . Oh well .... Need a break FB , from all the madness .... 
Happy Turkey Day Everyone ! Be safe and enjoy yourselves ! 
To everyone that contacts me via my cell phone , it's actin up again , so i might not be able to respond to your texts or answer calls . I'm tryin my hardest not to break this phone . Sprint really needs to hurry up and get those new Windows 7 phones out so I can buy one . I don't know how much more of this I can take ! 
Change your profile pic 2 a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Mon Dec . 6th join the fight against child abuse !!! Copy & paste .... 
Yes ! My favorite motorcycle brand is not down for the count ! Happy days ! 
FB , really excited . Bought my new car , sadly I don't physically have it yet , but I can't wait ! It's a beautiful car too . Will be posting pics as soon as I get it . Yeah , so excited ! It's time I start taking care of myself , and doing more for myself ! Let's do this ! \ 
In the words of a good friend , \Never settle ! \"" 
I'm really starting to dislike Politics . Look what those selfish , self-centered , egotistical , non-patriotic hypocrites are doing . Instead of focusing on job creation , they are trying to repeal the healthcare < PROPMALE > . The same < PROPMALE > that protects children from being denied HC for pre-existing conditions ... 
Wow , it feels good to have \Real Time with < PROPMALE > Maher\ " back . I need my daily dose of reality and competant discussions . It is reassuring that i'm not the only one with all these \ " WTF\ " moments when it comes to republicans and politics . :D \ 
Yeah , I can't be beat , i dare anyone to beat my Solitaire score .... Anyone ! 
come on , let's see who's good at solitaire . Oh and by the way , there's a 5min timer , so do try your best and do it quickly .... Let's go ! 
Oh , the unpredictability of life .... 
You can't live YOUR life for the sake of others , because in all actuality , are you really living YOUR life . Not everything is gonna make sense , not everytime your gonna know if you're doing the right thing , you might hurt others , you might bring them happiness ; but if they love you , then they will understand . You come in alone , and leave alone , but the relationships we make with others help us enjoy our time here :) 
Great day today chillin wit my Radiology Crew . We wild out , ate well , and had fun . And we all made it back safely , I'd chill wit them anytime anywhere ! We all crew ;) \ 
Thanx for the great day\ 
P.S. that includes our great Teachers :D \ 
yall crew too ;) 
Hmmm .... Bored , bored , bored , and bored .... @Docs , don't see much entertainment happening later today . Oh well , i'll just chill then .... 
Uh-Oh , time to start workin out and takin better care of myself . Not liking the < PROPFIRST > at the Doc office :( \ 
Time to shape up ! 
One more night of work , then the weekend off . I'm gonna relax , kick my feet up , and jus chill . Gotta try and get some things in order ( in time ) over this weekend . Everyone have a nice night , take care and be safe :) 
Loving this Internet Explorer 9 with the hardware acceleration for webpages they really are comin up fast and look far more impressive ..... 
You know what FB , I was gonna delete my MySpace account today , but I didn't . It still has it's usefullness with music and videos .... So i'm gonna keep it :D \ 
That's the revelation I came too , lol ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to everyone :D 
Friends make life that more bearable , especially the sincere and important ones . 
I really don't like Republicans stance on what's best for the country ! How is cutting the budget for nutrition for low birth weight babys gonna hurt this country !? Sick and tired of how they think , oh and let's not forget they want to cut the education budget too ! SERIOUSLY !? 
Good day FB , good day .... Saw two pretty good movies , and < PROPMALE > wit my Roll-Dawg < PROPMALE > and her bestie . It was pretty chill ;) \ 
Well , back to work , not gonna let that bring me down , lol ;) 
Tired , so tired . 4 more months to go . Tryin to not lose sight of the light at the end of this very long and arduous tunnel ..... Everyone have a great night and sleep well :) \ 
I'll be at work , stayin on my grind .... 8hr Clinicals in the morning .... Oh well , gotta do what u gotta do ;) 
Got my EVO , couldn't take my phone anymore , it was so busted . Had to stop myself from break-in it ! Let's hope this phone does me better 
I'm so terribly impulsive .... just ordered Insanity Beachbody 60 day workout dvd's . Well , gonna do it . No excuses ! 
First day of Spring Break and no work ! Yeah , time to relax , chill , and recuperate my energy . Especially since Monday I start the Insanity Workout DVD's . It's gonna be insane ! Let me get some crazy drive music ! 
Time to give blood , we must all do our part .... 
OMG , there's more , I gotta break this up into two sessions . Know when to push and when to take a break , lol ... OMG ! 
I guess this ass beating I'm taking is going to be a daily occurence .... it's named \insanity\ " for nothing OMG ! " 
Re-quote : < PROPFIRST > S . Hue\ 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater . If you give her sperm , she will give you a baby . If you give her a house , she'll give you a home . Give her groceries , she'll give you a meal . Give her a smile , she'll give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever is given to her . So , if you give her any crap ~ be ready to receive a ton of shit . \ " , 2011-03-19 15:32:10 " 
Stuck in Philly , and not for the good reasons , dumb job .... So much trouble .... 
So tired , gotta push through .... Gonna try and sleep real good after work today . So exhausted .... 
Real time with < PROPMALE > Maher was great .... < PROPFIRST > Cohen and < PROPFIRST > Sanders were great guests . Great show ! 
