Happy New Year FB friends and family !! Hope 2010 is a great one for you ! 

Up doing housework now so that I can play later ! 
I forgot how much energy a 2 year old takes and how busy they can be !! 
Going to bed ... the kids start school tomorrow . Can't decide if I'm happy or sad . They will do great - it's mom that has a hard time ! 
I am soooooooooooooo happy that I do not have to work tomorrow ! Can I stress enough how thrilled I am to be off tomorrow ?! Sooooooooooo happy !!! 
took a bike ride with the kids this evening and is very glad that I lived through it ! Thought we better have a little fun since I have to work this weekend . < PROPMALE > is a slave driver ! 
is about to go out and watch the kids play in the street ! :-) We have no sidewalks so the kids have to scoot , skateboard , and ride bikes in the street . Luckily there are 20+ kids on this street so everybody watches out for them ! 
at work having lunch wishing I were at home with the family ! I have the best husband !!! 
I am home now and still have the greatest husband ! 
Appts , appts , appts today ! Hope I can make it through all of these ! One is a daycare for the little one - can't imagine it can compare to the caregiver we had in Portland ! < PROPFIRST > was WONDERFUL !!!!! 
The house is quiet - kind of scary . . . makes me wonder what everyone is doing ! 
Home from work and ready to relax ! < PROPMALE > loves me the best tonight - woo hoo !!! 
Very thankful that it is FRIDAY !!! Long week , need the weekend ! 
Trying to get motivated ... have 10 million things I would like to do today , but the body is just not wanting to move ! 
Going out with old friends ! Just adults - wooo hooo !!! 
Enjoying my family ! It's been a really nice day ! 
3 of 4 home sick today ! Wish I was there to take care of them ! 
kids are better now we have to play catch up with homework ! < PROPMALE > starts in home daycare tomorrow morning wonder how that is going to work out ? 
Finishing up a 12 hr shift . Get to go home , sleep , and do it all over again tomorrow ! Makes me thankful for the weekend yippee !! 
About to have hot water again ! Cold showers are no fun at all ! 
at work knowing that it will get busy and trying to get prepared for the rush ! 
Very glad to be home . This makes me want to hibernate for the night with the kids ! Feels like a movie night coming on ! 
Love seeing everyone's life ! You are such an awesome group ! 
going to sleep . that's sad considering its Saturday night . 
Supervisor called me off for the weekend ! Can't get much better than that ! Woo Hoo !!! 
Housework today so we can play tomorrow . Seems like a fair trade to me ! 
Finishing up last minute chores ( actually just giving the kids chores to irritate them he he he !! ) and hoping that the weather breaks so we can go to Rib Fest to eat good food and hear some great music !! 
At work , hour 4.5 of 12 , am I going to make it ?! 
If something in your life doesn't work - change it ! Author unknown 
Part of the healthcare reform should be mandatory nap time for all employees ! We would be so much healthier if we had a nap after lunch ! 
Home with the fam ! Back to the real world and being a grown up again :-( This was a fun weekend too bad it had to end ! 
Oooo < PROPMALE > just texted me and asked if we are having date night Thursday !!! He must still like me a little even after almost 12 years , 4 kids , and a million poopy diapers ! lol ! 
Date with hubby was nice , but now we are back at home and all hell has broken loose !!! Knew it was too good of an idea to be true !!!!!!!!! 
This week was bad at work so I am devoting this weekend to forgetting it and moving on . Busy , busy all weekend !! Yippee !! 
Just got back from meeting old friends at Southeastway Park . It was a beautiful day to spend with friends !!! Good to see you all !! 
This is turning out to be a beautiful day ! 
No children . Going back to bed for a while , then taking a bike ride by myself , shopping , and then kids again . Sounds like a good day ! 
Nothing like working on the weekend ! 
I wish the weather would decide what it is going to do because my yard could really use some of my attention ! 
Gotta love having kids ! I had to go on a caffeine run and left the baby with the other kids . Told them to watch him . Ha ! I come home and he had pooped and then smeared it everywhere ! I am still lmao !!!! 
A full day of yard work . Happy that I will be able to sit on my couch this winter and not feel guilty . :-) 
Home from a busy day at work ! Watching Monsters vs . Aliens with the kids and checking out FB . TGIF !!!!! 
Ok , the Green Bay fans that boo'd Favre should be ashamed of themselves !!!! The man started every game for 16 seasons and won Super Bowls for them and this is how they welcomed him ?! Shame on them !!!! 
I am a hunting widow for the weekend ! Yeh ! I have a day off ! Yeh ! Yeh ! The kids are going to Grandma and Grandpa's later this afternoon ! love them , but - Yippee ! What is a girl to do all by her lonesome ?! lol ! 
Very hungry and tired and can't wait to see my kids ! One night away was enough for me !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving FB family and friends ! Hope you have a lot to be thankful for and have a wonderful day !!! 
I have a . 96 brilliant cut < PROPFEMALE > , VS1 quality , and G color . Reasonable offers will be entertained . 
Off today and tomorrow and only a half day on Sunday . Can't get much better than that ! 
Motherhood is THE singlemost overworked underpaid job in the world , but I wouldn't trade it for anything for all the laughs and hugs !!! 
has so much to do and is stuck at work ! Jealous of the co-workers that have been able to leave early !! Oh , but vvveeerrryyy thankful for the co-worker that is working tomorrow so I can be home with my family !!! < PROPFEMALE > you rock !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 
What's on my mind ? Hmmm ... the question is what isn't on my mind right now ! 
I cannot wait for the snow to come !!! Yippee ! 
Was able to go to lunch with a long time friend today in spite of the weather ! Can't wait to see her again soon ! Loved the drive in the snow too ! What an adventure ! 
None 
snake 
My kids are out of control ! You would think that sledding would wear them out , but it hasn't . Come on bed time !!!! 
Our Peyton , who < PROPMALE > in Indy , Hallowed be thy arm . Thy Bowl will come , it will be won , in Miami as it was in 07 . Give us this Sunday , our weekly win , And give us many touchdowns , but don't let the evil Jets score against us . Lead us not into frustration ; But deliver us a Super Bowl , for thine is the dynasty , the ........................... NFL's best , and the < PROPFEMALE > of Indy .... forever . 
fun , outgoing person . generally smart but can be a total blonde at times . someone who likes meeting new people , and smiles a lot . a person who never would just turn on people . a very good friend . someone you can trust . when she's mad , stand clear she might blow her top . but a person who doesn't get mad easily so you dont have to worry about that . 
I just woke up and looked outside . It is absolutely beautiful here ! We live in an old established neighborhood and the snow on the trees is gorgeous ! Makes me want to go out and play or take a walk or just be a kid today !!!! 
Ok , so while I was typing that < PROPMALE > took off his pull up and started to pee in the little corner between a chair and the wall . Yeh for kids ! This is going to be a fun day !!! Can I have a Wooo Hoooo ?!! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s everyone !!! 
is thrilled that I don't have to work the 6 day stretch that I was schelduled for ! Lazy day yesterday and trying to get ready for the week today . Recharged and ready for the week ahead !!! 
Everytime I think I have figured out my life something comes along and slaps me upside the face !!!! 
Mom and Dad came over to watch the kids while I worked from 3-7 yesterday . Came home and laundry was done , kids fed , sink unplugged , dishes done , and < PROPFEMALE > was in my house ! Yeh parents !!! So grateful that they helped me out !!! 
Home on a Saturday morning ! Looking forward to a productive day and enjoying this beautiful day ! 
Up and moving around . Hoping that I by the time I get some inside work finished I can go outside and finish the back yard . Lots of projects I found yesterday that need done . Oh well , guess it will keep me out of trouble ! 
My nonna ( grandma ) died this morning at the age of 96 . A good long life . So very sad to see her go .... 
I have to brag on myself and my 14 year old son . Walk into the kitchen and both of the sinks are holding water . Wake up son and work on the plumbing together . And guess what ?! We did it !!!!! Water flowing like it's supposed to ! WE ROCK !!!!!!! 
We are all up and at it - literally !!! OMG ! Should settle down eventually . Have to go to Nonna's house and say goodbye . It is full of good memories so I will focus on that . Happy that it is < PROPFEMALE > today !!! 
Today was emotionally exhausting for me . I cannot imagine how my mom and aunt feel going through this for the last week . They are strong women !!! Oh , and don't forget my dad and uncle's hard work ! 
What's on my mind ? Hmmm do I really want to tell and does anyone really care ? Will it be TMI ? Guess this time I better keep my thoughts to myself . 
if your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she is in Heaven looking over you , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom ! I love you Mom and thanks for everything you have done for me . My Mom is the best !! 
Tomorrow is a very important day for our family . All prayers will be greatly appreciated . 
Sigh .... it is so beautiful out today ! Makes all the bad stuff disappear . Trying to get the inside work done so that I can go out and play later !!!! Have a great day FB family and friends ! 
is just plain old happy today ! 
Everything with the family is complete and is good . Yippee !!! 
I have all my little chicks together and am so very thankful for all the noise and joy and confusion !!! They are even happy to see eachother ! Happy , happy day !!! 
in Portland right now- makes me miss it a little . Makes me sad that the kids miss it so much :( 
I am taking control of my life . I am not going to be a bystander anymore . I will fight for what I feel is right . I will teach my daughter to be a strong woman and my boys to be strong , proud men . 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . Love the people who treat yoU right . Try to forgive the ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands and never forget the life-lessons yoU've learned . If it changes yoUr life , let it . GOD never said life would be easy . HE just promised it would be worth it . Post to yoUr wall if yoU agree . 
Things are falling into place . It's amazing what can happen if you just take control !! Happy , Happy !!!!!!! 
I love my kids but I wish they would learn to sleep in ! Two were up at 6:45 am ! Yikes ! 
Farmville is soooo sllooowww today ! 
I am realizing that the rough patches make us figure out what is important , give us the strength to make the hard choices , and make us stronger and happier ! 
Boys to skatepark . Rest of us went to Target and spent money . All together now and ready to make supper !!! 
At home with the kids having movie night ! Its nice to be together ! 
Right now there is a nurse \ 
helping a woman become a mom , a nurse holding the hand of a dying \ 
man , a nurse inserting an IV in a child , a nurse listening to an \ 
Alzheimer'spatient tell a story , a nurse missing her family while \ 
caring for yours . It's Nurse appreciation week . Post if you area \ 
nurse , love a nurse or appreciate a nurse 
I know it's 3 p.m. but I am going to try to get the little one to take a nap with me ! Then we'll get up and have biscuits and gravy for supper - yum ! 
The little one had his nap and now we are up ready to make supper and maybe watch a movie ! 
I thought that today would be a little rough with all the changes we've been going thru but my children have totally pulled it together and it has been a great morning ! Thank you < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Grace and < PROPMALE > !!! I love you all very much ! 
What is that I hear ?! Oh ! I know its blissful silence ! Thank goodness for bedtime ! 
I ended up getting jewelry for Mother's Day ! < PROPMALE > bought me silly bands today for my Mother's Day gift ! What a thoughtful young man ! 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you hurt your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Repost if you're against Domestic Violence . 
No one is home right now and the house is eerily quiet ! I will enjoy it while I can ! :) 
is very tired , but is very glad to have her sons together tonight ! 
this is your son mom add me as a freind now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Had a really crummy day today ! Can only look forward to tomorrow and the weekend ! Things have to get better ! 
Sitting here watching Avatar with 2 of my kids . WOW !!! 
Need to get off FB and get working !! So much to do so little time to do it ! 
Just watched < PROPFIRST>'s Day and realized I'm not ready for that type of movie yet . Good movie still a little rough on the heart right now ! 
Imperfection is beauty , madness is genius , and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . 
Up and at it already ! < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are with < PROPMALE > heading to Portland . < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > are with me and we are going to do yard work . Yard work is my passion and relaxation ! Just have to remember to take the Aleve at the end of the day ! :) 
Well , I am sunburnt and sore but I accomplished a lot today ! Weeds are pulled , sticks are picked up , front lawn has been mowed , and mulch has been laid . Now I have the back yard to work on another day ! 
ATTENTION ! I have one extra ticket to May Day this Saturday !!! If anybody is interested let me know !!! 
I need a vacation ! 
off work and ready for the weekend !!! 
Just came in from push mowing my yard !!! 2 1/2 hours !!! OMG ! 
Today < PROPMALE>'s dad would have been 50 years old . So sad that he's gone .... 
Getting ready to go to Verizon Wireless for May Day !! 
At the concert watching Apoptilyptica ( sp) !!! 
That was the BEST concert I've been to !! We all enjoyed the bands and agree it was awesome !!! 
Can't sleep . 
This is a beautiful day for rest and relaxation ! Definitely have to get out and get some sun !!! 
Was able to get sun therapy . Now trying to decide if I want to go for a bike ride ! 
Night time is the hardest time of the day ! 
Good Morning FB ! Have a great Memorial Day with friends and family ! Please don't forget those that gave their life so we can have our freedom ! 
About to go open a beer and sit outside for a few ... 
Whatever is a woman to do .... 
This morning my car decided to have a flat tire . I pulled over called my daddy ( who I then called back and told to stay home ) and went to work on changing it . I did it all - < PROPFIRST > it up , loosen the lug nuts , got the donut out ! And wouldn't you know that is when a fireman and 2 officers came and helped ( all nice looking btw) ! 
is wondering why my phone is so quiet this afternoon ... 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
why do the people you think you can count on continually disappoint and the most unexpected people become the ones you count on ? 
Off work ! Yippee ! Home to change and off to see friends ! 
Finally up and moving around ... working on laundry and going out in a bit to see if I can get mowing done before the rain ! Got to see old friends last night and it was a good time ! Going out tonight with a new friend ! Busy , busy !!! 
Done mowing - only took 2 1/2 hours front and back !! That's even taking water and laundry breaks ! Ready to relax now !!!! 
In Memory of all babies born sleeping , or whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms for a short period of time . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it Break the silence . In memory of all babies , gone too soon but never forgotten ~ Angel Babies ~ 
Treating myself to a Five Guys burger ! Yummy ! 
At Montana < PROPFIRST>'s for supper . Steak and potato for me tonight ! Starving !!!! 
OMG !!! I just hit a possum !! Eeeeeeewwwwwww !!!!! 
So happy to have my kiddo's home with me ! 
is at Steak n Shake with the kids eating and then to get new shoes !! 
is at work looking out at the beautiful blue sky wishing to be out there . Hurry up 3:30 , hurry !! 
Due to technical difficulties I am home with the kids today ! Yippee ! to be home with the kids , but hate letting my coworkers down . 
My kids teach me things from time to time . Today's lesson - do not help them clean their room unless you are ready to find things you don't want to find ! :-) . hehehe !!!! 
Heading to work after a great evening with friends ! Have a great day my friends ! 
Heading to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s house for some fun ! Woo hoo ! Let the good times start !! 
Its my birthday ! Its my birthday ! Woo Hoo ! Its my birthday ! 
Thank you to everyone who sent birthday wishes ! I had a great day and you all made it better ! 
Ring my doorbell ! On profile < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is so very thankful for my friends that continually support me . You know who you are and I love you all ! Also very thankful to be spending time with my kids this weekend . You are great kids ! I love you very much ! Happy 4th of July to everyone ! 
is so very tired ... please God help me through this day !!! 
Going to go outside and pull weeds ! My back yard looks like a jungle and I can't have that any more ! 
Heading to work at my favorite job ! Always happy to go to work at Morrison Woods ! Its going to be a great evening ! 
A really good friend just loaned me a camera . I can't wait to get it charged up and start snapping pictures !! 
Enjoying the sound of the rain coming down and my kids happy and playing ! 
Being a parent of a teenager makes you even more creative with discipline ! Love coming up with ways to torture my oldest son ! woo hoo !!!! 
Had the day off yesterday and spent it with my oldest and youngest . < PROPMALE > went to school on the bus :( for 2 hours then came home :) . Then the two boys entertained each other and me with Grandpa's riding mower . No mowing mechanism engaged ! I was able to get some yard work done . < PROPMALE > was as sweet as pie ! All in all a great day ! 
So this is what the world looks like at 6:40 in the morning ! I almost forgot ! 
My kids have their first day of school today and it is bittersweet . Missed a lot of time with them because of working . Glad they are excited about going back though ! 
Kids off to school - check 
Kids off to school - check . Laundry going - check . Dishes being washed - check . Front yard mowed - check . Front yard raked - check . Shrubs trimmed - check . Leaving the hard jobs for the kids - priceless ..... 
Love , love , love my new schedule !!! Here to get the kids off to school , < PROPMALE > to Early Childhood , and still get much neglected work done around the outside of my house ! So happy ! Yay !!!!!! 
I hate my life today . 
Let me clarify my last post . I don't hate my life I just strongly dislike dealing with this one person in my life that is totally and utterly unreasonable . Oh and the good news is I only have to deal with this person for the rest of my life ! arg ! What was I thinking ?! 
Its a new day ! I must be thankful for that . I'm enjoying peace in my house . Have to be grateful for each day I'm given good or bad ! 
At Bounce U with the kids ! They are having so much fun ! Woo hoo ! 
Stop this roller coaster !!! I want to get off !!!!!!! 
Going to bed .... good night FB ! 
I just don't know .... 
Going out to finish mowing and get some Vit D on my skin . Hope to see my BFF later today ! 
I am working on a different hall today and believe it or not I'm bored ! This is going to be one long day !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is so very happy right now !!! 
How did I get so lucky ? So happy !!! 
I had planned on going back to bed after the kids went to school but it is too nice out to do that so I am going to take a bike ride ! 
I did it ! Rode from my house to the Monon Trail up that about 11 < PROPMALE > and back . And I can still walk ! woo hoo ! 
Its amazing how quickly life can change and even when there is bad there can still be good and happiness ! 
is trying to figure out how she got so lucky ! 
It is just too beautiful out to be stuck inside working all day ! 
At Verizon for XFest ! VIP Party Box tix are the way to go ! AWESOME !!! 
Just wondering if this day can get any worse .... 
Actually sitting at the computer catching up with my FB friends ! Been a long time since I get FB on my BB . Kinda nice seeing the whole picture . Also checked out Farmville . Been even longer since I've been farming ! Have a lot to catch up on ! 
is very thankful for my FB friends and family . Either someone is having a day like me or there is an encouraging word . Thanks everybody !! 
is a very lucky girl ! 
is eating at El Rodeo with the younguns ! Yummy ! 
is enjoying a grown up supper at Texas Roadhouse . Good food and great company . Woo hoo ! 
Yay ! Desperate Housewives is back on ! 
is apathetic today 
is much less apathetic today and much more optimistic ! 
It's 8:30 a.m. and I started my day off great , then had drama , and things are back to good ! Here's hoping the rest of the day gets better and better ! 
is sitting with < PROPMALE > eating grapes and enjoying every minute and bite ! 
I am mowing my yard . I can't remember the last time I did and its a nightmare ! yikes ! 
Ready to go home and relax after working a double 
is wondering how my 9 little ladies in Assisted Living can keep me so busy . I need roller skates today ! :) 
4 day weekend !!! Yay ! spending the evening with the one I like best ! :) 
is sipping Gray Goose and Red Bull . Yum ! 
is sipping again ... 
it is 10 am on 10-10-10 ... 
is eating at Five Guys . Yummy ! Best burger anywhere !!! 
The only thing we can count on in life ( whether our life is crazy and full of drama or quiet and peaceful ) is CHANGE ! 
on my way to work ... :) 
feels like a girl again and can't stop giggling ! happy giggling ! :) 
Kids want to go roller skating so I guess we will be at Roller Cave tonight at 7pm . Come join me as I bust my ass ! :) 
Well , haven't hit the ground yet but haven't let the practice area b/c of the baby either ! hehehe ! 
I don't usually HATE Monday's but today I do ! Besides having a HUGE cell < PROPMALE > due I was stopped on my way to drop < PROPMALE > off at school . Yes I was the lucky recipient of a ticket for doing 37 in a 25 ! At least he overlooked the fact that my plates are expired . I HATE Monday !!!! 
Ok the crummy start to my day has taken a turn for the better ! Talked to my dad and that helped and then received some other good news ! Yay ! 
I need to chill and get away from my life because I am lashing out at all the wrong people . 
Finally ! A good day ! 
I love how I'm supposed to be early for my appt but the Dr can keep me waiting for 15 < PROPFEMALE > or longer . The clock is ticking ! 
is on a \date\ " with my 15 year old . Texas Roadhouse for supper and then a movie . " 
This is the first weekend in too long that I have all the kids home with me . Yay ! 
is VERY thankful to have heat now . 
My 3 year old just asked to go to bed saying its dark out ! I had to tell him its too early . He even had a good nap today . Poor little guy ! 
Trivia time - were both \Corey's\ " in the original Lost Boys movie ? I'm watching the new Lost Boys and think it was only Haim ( deceased ) but not sure . Please help ! " 
Liked the new Lost Boys movie . 
I try very hard to be optimistic about people keeping their word to me , but find that even those that are or were close to me still don't care . I hope I can teach my children to value their word and live up to it . 
FYI Nurses - if you happen to owe State Income Tax PAY IT ! The State can put a hold on your license and you won't be able to renew until the tax is PAID IN FULL ! 
.... tired .... 
It's the beginning of a 4 day weekend for me . Woo hoo ! 
I want to know how parents can show so much concern while telling you how stupid you are . I want to learn so I don't do it to my kids !!! 
Thanksgiving supper with the kids tonight . We all pitched in and the meal was delicious ! I know what I'm thankful for !! 
Good News -we have an agreement ! Bad news - I need to move by the end of the month . Any one know of a house in Cicero to rent ? 
Good morning FB family and friends ! 
< PROPMALE > needs to get here to take the kids sledding ! They are out of control !!!! 
Kids didn't get to sled - too muddy . Momma got to take a nap so its all good ! 
Good morning everyone ! I'm hoping for a good start to the week for all of you ! :) 
< PROPMALE > took the kids sledding today and the first run down < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > hit a tree ! They are ok just bruised excitement ;) 
I am trying to decide if I'm crazy or its just everyone around me ! 
Just went to the drive up at Starbucks in Noblesville and the car in front of us paid for our order ! The Christmas spirit is here ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
I have decided I HATE moving !!! 
My landlord is also my FB friend so I need to clarify my comment from last night . We need to save some money so we probably won't be moving in January . I can guarantee though that he will be the first to know :) 
My 12 year old just karate chopped my back and arms and now I think I can get the last of my stuff out of the old house . yay son !!! 
Ok so my things are moved but now the fun begins ! Trying to fit things from 2 houses into 1 smaller one ! hahaha ! Everything will have its place and what doesn't have a place will have to go into storage until we can move to a larger home . fun fun !! 
I've been in Cicero for 2 weeks and already the plumber and now an electrician have been here . idk but I'm starting to think that I'm bad luck luck ?? 
I am so happy to be going to work tomorrow . 
Been home all week with the kids and ready for a break ! :o ) 
4 day weekend starts now ! woo hoo !!!! 
Not a completely horrible day but kinda wondering why I got out of bed today ! lol ! 
Housework today . Hoping I can catch up with the laundry < PROPFEMALE > ! He seems to be visiting me as fast as I can wash clothes ! LOL ! Good thing I like doing laundry . 
Boys are so gross !!!! 
Well , I've made some progress on the laundry . Yay ! Maybe I can have a little fun today ... 
some things NEVER change !!!! 
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing-Dale Carnegie 
I am going to have < PROPFEMALE > Monday at . my house as soon as I get home ! yay !!! 
Good morning Facebook ! I hope you all have a great day ! 
My laundry issue is getting better . Yay ! BUT after I wash , dry , and fold the clothes the boys are not putting them away . I guess that I will have to boycott washing their clothes for a while and see if things improve ! ;) 
We moved this past weekend . Not only moved in but painted too . The owners daughter is in the hospital from a sledding accident so we painted so they didn't have to worry about that too . Anyhow , down to the last half dozen boxes and was dreading trying to find homes for the last bit but I guess it will give me something to do when we have no power from the upcoming storms . :o ) Blessing in disguise ! 
Yah , I'm out in the storm . I'm guessing that they weren't exaggerating when they said how bad its going to be . Good luck folks !!!!!!!!! Be safe !!!!!! 
No school for Hamilton Heights ! 
Round 2 has begun ! 
I think we that have kids at home should trade homes and kids for the day ! My kids are so flippin antsy I want to share the joy !!! lmao 
I see sun YAY !! 
Kids are such a blessing ! < PROPMALE > has been playing with and entertaining < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > just made me lol . He had his underwear on backwards yet again and I turned them around and showed him the opening for him to pee thru and he had to go to the bathroom right then to pee . He giggled the whole time and thought he had such a great secret ! Love my kids !!!!!!! 
Why can't we be as funny as the characters on Cougar Town ???? LMAO !!!!!! 
I have a phone again !!! Back in touch with the world again . Woo hoo !!! 
I absolutely LOVE my HTC Incredible !!!! Fun and easy to use ! Still getting used to the touch screen but its growing on me . Loving everything else though ! 
I am restless 
Wow ! I was just looking at my wall and I haven't updated my status all month ! Pitiful ! Just heading home after working weekend doubles . Ready for sleep ! 
Why ????? 
You are not the only one that has lost much . 
Pedi with my bff ! Heaven ! 
4 day weekend yay !!! 
Pedi yesterday with bff , mani today with baby girl , hair Monday . I will have been so damn beautified I won't recognize myself ! Hahaha ! 
My bff's boyfriend is taking her to Vegas for the week . Yay < PROPFIRST > ! However , I'm not sure how I'm going to do without her ... :( 
I can't sleep 
Happy Monday to everyone ! Here's to a new week ! 
Good morning world ! It is much too early for me and I'm going back to bed and starting over . :-) 
Uh snow , really ?? 
Blueberry 
Going to sleep now after working a double on changeover night . I'm beat !!! 
I am so stinking happy today ! Slept in today , long hot bath , supper with the family at El Rodeo . Having a nice day ! Oh , and the < PROPFEMALE > doesn't hurt a thing !! 
