I got the crap knocked out of me ... by a 2lbs bag of brown sugar ... karma's one sweet bitch !!! 

has horrible depth perception !! 
says if Disney destroys my favorite < PROPFEMALE > characters ... i'm gonna have tah choke a mouse !!! 
needs to pee 
beat the crap out of some elves for their cookies !! 
doesn't take the \what's on your mind ? \ " section seriously !! " 
spent most of the day napping with the cat ... a day off well spent !! 
feels empty inside .... Hey , look , icecream !!! that'll do !! 
made it home ... reeking of french onion soup , seafood , BBQ sauce , garlic < PROPMALE > , and shame !!! shower time ... 
finished reading Fire Bringer and spent an hour in the used book shop hunting for a new book ... i return fruitless ... its you and me tonight Poe ! 
was walking from work to the grocery store , it was raining , no big deal , i had my umbrella handy and was gonna take the bus home afterwards . a car comming towards me swerved over just so it could speed threw a deep puddle and soak me , and then swerve back into the < PROPFIRST > it was in before , i thought shit like that only existed in movies ! got to do my shopping soaking wet . when i caught the bus home , clear skies ! 
is all better now , groceries put away , found a promising book at the library to start tonight , had a long hot shower and a good dinner , getting ready for some dessert ... chocolate cream pie ... i earend this !! 
just finished watching the first episode of Eastwick on ABC , it was really good ... anyone else catch it ? 
is wondering what his cat is strung out on ..... 
spent the day out hopping from flea market to flea market with my mom , fun times were had ... i bought a book ... can't wait to start turning pages ! 
nothing better than sunday morning coffee and hash browns !! 
is not Smarter than a 5th Grader ( damn it ! ) .... 
: silently plotting since ' 83 
Chips Ahoy's chocolate chip oatmeal cookies are the shiz !! 
is cleaning poo out of his cat's fur .... yup ( i keep getting the feeling she did it on purpose ) 
what ever happend to Mystery Science Theater 3000 ... i miss you ... Cro !!! 
iz fehl < PROPFEMALE > rehl < PROPFEMALE > tye urd , wha ill goh tue slah eep saw uhn ! 
Word of the Day is FOOFARAW : excessive or flashy ornamentation , or , a fuss over a trivial matter ... dinner is ready ... Baked Ziti with wheat pasta and veggies ! 
anyone wanna come over and do my house chores for me ? i got cookies ! 
Frost Advisery for tonight WOO HOO !! 
not used to having a monday off ... i don't know what to do with myself .... 
' s brain feels like massed potatoes ! The lumpy kind !! 
Just got home from the 4th 11 hour day in a row ... tomorrow i can sleep in ... yeah ! 
After a hot shower followed by a cheese danish and caramel vanilla latte ... i feel alot better about today ! 
is watching his cat comtemplate the existence of Sea Lions ( she hasn't looked away from the tv in 15 minutes ) 
Did you know you can deep fry butter now ? 
trying to motivate myself to run some errans ... maybe coffee will help ... 
today feels like a ... lay aroud the house and nothing kinda day ... 
Tomorrow starts my week vacation from work !! woo hoo !! 
is 3/4 threw his christmas shopping ... just need 3 house gifts ... and then its onto box hunting and wrapping ! 
today ... today is all about grocery shopping !! 
' s word of the day is Maunder : ( verb ) to talk or wander aimlessly . 
is shaving his head .... its back to work tomorrow ... which means a return to proper hygiene ... dammit !! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
is watching the Muppets Take Manhattan 
just got home from the laundry-mat ... clean clothes , clean towels , clean bedding ... all done !! 
finished watching The Muppets : Letters to Santa ... its not christmas time until you see a Muppets christmas specail on tv !! 
is kickin back with some fresh baked cookies and egg-nog !! 
dusted , swept , mopped , washed , vacumed , and febreezed his way threw his apartment ... final chore for the day is to scrub the sink and tub !! 
is watching it snow ! 
has a Sinus Cold ! 
is feeling much better thanks to dayquil , nightquil , halls , and advil cold and sinus !! 
had a nice time at my mom's christmas party , but i'm really happy to be home where its nice and quiet !! 
wonders ... why Christmas Day < PROPFEMALE > tastes better than every other day of the year < PROPFEMALE > !?! Hope everyone is having a wonderful day !! 
woke up in a panic , thinking it was monday ... why do 3 day weekends confuse me < PROPFEMALE > much ! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 
Just made a plate of blueberry waffles ( with the new waffle iron i got from my mom for christmas ) , a pot of French Vanilla coffee ( a christmas gift from my sister , < PROPFEMALE > ) , and some hash browns .... now its time to settle in for a long ... do nothing Sunday !! 
Another day of 40 degree weather !! might go for walk a little later ! 
' s word fo the day is Flibbertigibbet : N . describing a silly , flighty , or excessively talkative person ... 
Sunday Morning Coffee & Hash Browns !! 
450 episodes and 20 years on the air , Yay for The Simpson's!!! 
the morning starts another fun filled work week !! 
is curled up on the couch with coffee , a book , and a blanket hogging cat ... Started to read One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest 
learned there are troubles- of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some from behind . But I've bought a big bat . I'm all ready , you see . Now all my troubles are going to have troubles with me !! ( I Had Trouble In Gettting to Solla Sellew by Dr. Seuss ) 
... Happy 50th Birthday Bubble Wrap !!! Keep poppin yo , keep poppin !! 
Wonders ... If you travel to the end of Sesame Street will you end up in Mr. < PROPMALE>'s Neighborhood ? 
... What was the number one song on the day you were born ? Look it up at joshhosler.biz, ( or google \ #1 song for\ " .. then add your b-day ) Copy and paste this to your profile . Mine was \ " Eye of the Tiger\ " by Survivor " 
... The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory !! 
' s word of the day is ... GELID : ( adj . ) Extremely Cold ... It's so much classier than saying \its mutha fuckin ' freezing !!! \"" 
has lost his ambition ... I thought it might be with the dishes , washed them , it wasn't there , thought it might be on the floor , swept and vacumed , it was no where to be seen , thought it might be lost in the bedding , changed and remade it , it wasn't there , maybe it was with my dirty clothes , didn't find it while at the laundry mat ... if anyone finds my ambition ... please send it home ! 
has a stress headache ... only got one hour of sleep last night ... went threw the day ok , got home to a note posted on my door , my apt . building got bought and i have to be here @ 9 to meet the new owners , wich means i'm going to lose almost 2 hours of work time ... then having to go threw 6 different automated telephone menus to get my tax information from both my student < PROPFEMALE > holders ... i hate having high anxiety ... 
... after listening to the couple who live across the hall from me argue for going on 2 days straight ... maybe i don't got things < PROPFEMALE > bad , just have to keep reminding myself that it's all little things and take it as it comes !!! now if they would just shut up !!! 
wants to know why all his student < PROPFEMALE > information got shipped to < PROPFEMALE > !! I wanna yell at people here in < PROPFEMALE > lol ! 
is up ... is awake ... is dressed ... is coffeed up .... lets get this over with so i can start and finish my day !! 
' s word of the day is ... Tarradiddle : ( noune ) A fib ; also , pretentious nonsense ... can't wait to call someone this !! 
would like to thank Facebook for teaching < PROPMALE > Flynn Jr to refer to himself in the the third person !! < PROPMALE > Flynn Jr just had a veggie burger and chips ..... 
hopes that cup #5 is a magic cup of coffee and when he reaches the bottom of it he'll feel the need to get up and take care of the few errans he needs to do ! If not there's gonna be a \magic Bean\ " Salesman walking away with a 15\ " wide boot in his ass !! " 
Ahh yes < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... that specail time of year when all the good little boys and girls run around trying not to get shot by Love's little Sniper !! up your's Cupid you flying feather duster from hell !! 
... It's Monday morning ... the time to go to work is closing in ... and all i can think is ... I DON'T WANNA GO !! I DON'T WANNA !! DON'T MAKE ME GO !! 
has had a very quiet weekend , stayed in , read , cleaned , gave myself another hair cut , searched around on ebay for some books ... all in all no complaints ! 
just found out that tomorrow is a FREE FARE DAY for the CCPT buses ... you can ride any of the city buses , any of the rural routes , all day for free ... because its the first day of their new updated schedule ! 
came home yestrerday feeling drained of life ... fell asleep just before 6:00 pm didn't wake up until 6:00 am this morning ... thank's to my cat , Dibs , for being stubborn and demanding to be fed at 6:00 in the morning cuz I never set my alarm clock !! 
why does watching The Biggest Loser always makes me want ice cream ? 
is tired ... spent from 9:30 A.M. until 6:30 P.M. saturday and sunday helping my mom move ... she's almost done , one more weekend and she should be all set up in her new house !! now its time for some soup and a hot shower !! 
why does Monday morning always seem to follow Sunday night ? 
word of the day is Slatch : a brief period of nice weather . 
Isn't there any other part of the matzo you can eat ? ( on being served matzo ball soup three meals in a row ) ~ Marlyin Monroe ~ 
Saturday ... coffee and then running some errans , a few house chores ... then curling up with a book and some movies 
... remember we spring forward one hour tonight ! whne the sun goes down reset your clocks an hour ahead ! 
Saw an interesting trailer on tv today ... they're making a sequal to the movie Tron , called Tron Legacy ... it looked pretty good ... I didn't catch the release date 
Just finished watching SyFy's \Alice\ " ... had a brief movie break after I lost power for a bit lol ... right now i'm having some home made vegetable soup with lentils for dinner and contemplating another movie ... " 
Thank you to who ever fed my zoo animals for me , while my power was out , you helped me to get the next game level ! thanks < PROPFEMALE > much ! 
Bought 2 new ( well ... \new to me\ " anyway ) books from CornerStone today and it didn't even cost me $9.00 ! All of their hardcover books in the basement are 50% off !! " 
Brewing a strong pot of coffee so I can make my first pitcher of iced coffee ... my early welcome to spring ! 
can you believe it's 61 degrees outside right now !! its so nice , got some of my windows open letting fresh air in ... its < PROPFEMALE > nice !! 
Scientists say because of global warming they expect the world's oceans to rise four and a half feet . The scientists say this can mean only one thing - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is going to drown . ~ Conan O'Brien~ 
spent most of today cat napping , reading , and breeding animals , so I can get to the next level in Zoo World ( it's amazing how addictive that cutesy game is !! ) ... all in all , a quality use of ones sunday ! 
be sure when you step . Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act . And will you succeed ? Yes ! You will , indeed ! ( 98 and 3/4 percent garunteed . ) ~ ~ A quote from Oh The Places You'll Go by Dr. Seuss ~ ~ 
today was Spring Cleaning part 2 ... stripped my bed , put clean dressings on , did laundry , took down my curtians and washed those , washed all my windows , and drained , scrubbed , and refilled my fish tank ... now time for dinner 
' s word of the day is ... Popinjay : A vain and talkative person 
( closes eyes and clicks heals 3 times ) There's no such thing as Mondays , ( clicks heels 3 times ) There's no such thing as Mondays , ( clicks heels 3 times ) There's no such thing as Mondays , ( clicks heels 3 times , opens eyes ) ... Damn !!! it's still here ... guess the only other option is to head out to work ! 
today was a good day ... no complaints ... work went smoothly ... the weather cleared up for my walk home ... and this morning I found a 20 dollar < PROPMALE > on the the sidewalk ... all in all , a goo d start to the week , just need to keep that momentum for the next 4 days .... 
just tried some Strawberry Peanut-butter M& Ms. .. they're actaully pretty good ... different ... but good !! I still like the Crispy ones the best though ! 
left home smeeling like deodorant and body spray ... came home smelling like Cheesecake Batter and Clams .... 
.... \ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has trademarked the words \ " that's hot ! \ " . In a related story < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s doctors have trademarked the words \ " that's contagious ! \ " . ~ Conan O'Brien~ " 
never noticed the instructions on the side of the cereal box ... step 1 : open box , step 2 : open bag inside box containing cereal , step 3 : pour into bowl , step 4 : add milk and enjoy !.... Thanks Mr. Cereal Instruction Guy , if it wasn't for you I don't think i'd ever figure this out and my bowl would always be empty !! no more eating through cardboard for this guy !! 
is having a really lazy day ... it took me from 7 a.m. until 3 p.m. just to work up enough ambition and energy just to got the laundry mat ... 
is having a late day ... woke up late ... left home late ... got to work late ... deliveries came in late ... stayed at work late ... picked up some groceries , caught the late bus home ... 
needs to pee ..... ahhhh !!... much better ! 
... If a Mime is locked in an invisable box ... and no one is around to see him .... does he scream for help ? 
is almost ready to make that leap to the next level in his Zoo , but first I need some help . I'm looking for a White Rhino , a Mustang , a Donkey , and a Harbor Porpoise , so I can make some breeding pairs ... any help will be greatly appriciated ! 
Plattsburgh Public Library is having a used book sale until 4pm today ... chores are done ... so you know where i'm heading !!! 
Went to teh Plattsburgh Public Library's book sale yesterday didn't see anything that really caught my eye ... went to Corner Stone and found 2 there that sound really good , need to head back for them maybe this comming weekend after I get my next paycheck in the bank ... 
Its offical ... my apartment building has been sold ... the new landlord is still going to be using Castine Properties to collect the rent and such ... but i have to sign a new 1 year lease and pay my own electric ... wich won't be that bad ... i'm barely here except for the weekends ... 
is enjoying is Sunday morning with a book and some S'Mores flavored coffee !! 
... Rejoice for I have made a series of status updates that are not about ZooWorld !! 
got dinner on low heat .... Corn Chowder and Buttermilk Biscuits tonight ... 
I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status . ... 
according to the new lease i signed for my apartment , i am now paying $25 less in rent ! so i can put that towards my electric < PROPMALE > once i get it switched over to my name !! 
just got back in from plattsburgh electric ... the < PROPMALE > is now in my name ... it's offical ... i'm an adult ... got my own place and job , and < PROPMALE > s ....... i'm totally having tater tots for dinner !! 
hey ... look ... snow !! 
nearly got choked out by cat litter dust ... got out of the shower , drying off , noticed that my cat's box was stuffed with clumps ... started shifting them out into the trash , and inhaled a big cloud of litter dust ... its started to clump in my lungs ... the hole time i'm coughing i'm thinking ... man , this how they're going to find my corpse ... fresh from the shower and face down in the cat's litter box .... 
finished reading \Saving Fish from Drowning\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Tan today and moved on to \ " Return to the House of Usher\ " by < PROPFIRST > Poe " 
just got home ... spent the morning with my mom at her hosue , had lunch with her and did my laundry and her laundry ... then on the way back to my place I bought her a new bird bath she picked out for her front yard as a mother's day gift 
... \at first I didn't know what FaceBook was ... but now that I do ... it just sounds like a huge waste of time !! \ " ~ Betty White ~ " 
lost his cell phone on the walk to to work this morning ... didn't see it on the walk home , tried calling it to see if anyone would pick up , nothing ... at least its a pay as you go tracfone so as soon as the the minutes / battery runs out on it it's dead , so i don't have to worry about any service charges plus it doesn't cost that much to replace 
after leaving work , ran some errans , bought some groceries , payed some bills , balanced his check book , and is now blissfuly doing nothing !! 
needs to know ... If you use gummi worms as bait , can you catch sweedish fish ? 
might not be the cutest or the sexiest ... Nor have the perfect body ... I might not be your first choice .... But I am a GREAT choice ... I don't pretend to be someone else .... Cause I am too good at being ME ... I might not be proud of some of the things I've done .... but I am proud of who I am today ... Take me as I am or don't take ......... me ... at all ...... 
got his first elctric < PROPMALE > today ... it was for $8.25 .... don't know how i'm gonna make this work ... i mean where am i going to find that kind of money !?! ( yes this is sarcasm ) 
' s word of the day is , Baksheesh : noune - a tip , present , or gratuity . 
had an awesome day out ... spent a good 4-5 hours stretched out in the park with a book / watching people fish / bird watching ... and that's all I did !!! 
got of work a little early , picked up some groceries , and found a little something to put aside for my mom's birthday .... after resting for a bit I might go and sit in the park and enjoy the rest of the evening ... 
is never sad after leaving CornerStone Bookshop ... thanks to their 50% off basement book sale ... I got 3 new ( well new to me ) books and it didn't even come up to $13 !! brand new each book was $25 ... can you say , Summer Reading !!! 
' s chores are done ... and now it's off to the park to have some nice outside time ! 
just got back in from spending 3 hours sitting down by the lakefront , did a little reading , a little nature watching , and a little napping ... now its time to think about dinner ! 
just got home from work ... and is now celebrating Memorial Day with the most American thing he could think of .... chinese take out and icecream ! 
... wow platts . is still a little hazy with smoke ... kinda hoping for the rain they're forcasting for tonight to clear things out ! 
mmmmm brownie sunday with Stargazers Icecream and iced coffee !!! I think I'm going into sugar shock .... 
is catching up on some long over do dusting .... 
... wooo hooo hooo .... Tornado Wathes are in effect for < PROPMALE > , Essex , and < PROPMALE > counties going until 8-9 pm ... so long Platts ... OZ here I Come !!! \ 
\ 
( something tells me it won't be all that dramatic but , hey , who doesn't like watching a good storm every now and again !! ) 
thinks the local weather watches are a let down !! 
bills payed , check book balanced , paycheck deposited , bed stripped and remade , dishes done , laundry cleaned and put away ... resting before round 2 or at least contemplating a round 2 !! 
' s word of the day is , Noctivagant : adjective , pertaining to wandering at night 
doesn't really feel like doing more house chores ... doesn't really feel like going out ... doesn't really feel like staying in .... grrrr I dislike feeling restless .... 
just heard on NPR that the Muppets are going to be recieving their own < PROPFEMALE > on the Hollywood Walk of Fame ! 
' s word of the day is , Heliolatry : noune , worship of the sun !! Happy First Day of Summer everyone !! 
Just got back in from going to see Avatar : The Last Airbender , i really enjoyed it ... for once M . Night didn't ruin the end of one of his movies ... but he should really consider not writing himself into / appearing in them !! other than that I can't wait until the 2nd movie comes out 
swung by work and dropped of some 4th of July treats or the staff ... all i can say is what would you do for a < PROPMALE > bar , reeses peices , or nestle's krunch flavored klondike bar ?!? 
just got backin in from the fireworks not to long ago ... couldn't be a better night for them , clear , warm , and with a nice breeze , i had a good time , now i'm for the night ... 
just got in from work , took a cool shower , poured myself a tall glass of iced coffee ... getting ready to stretch out on the couch adn do sweet nothing !! 
Is Not A Laundry-Mat Attendent !!! Lately everytime I go to the laundry-mat at some point some comes up to me and asks me to fix something ... the detergent vending machine was broken , I want my money back ... can you fix the dryer #7 , the door is not staying shut ... the change machine took my money but didn't give me any change , can you open it up and get it for me ... AHHHHHH ... I just want to clean my clothes in peace !!! 
Ahh , fireworks , half an hour of pretty lights and loud sounds , followed by one hour of talking my cat out from under the bed !!! 
' s word of the day is Zaftig : adjective - Full bodied ; well proportioned .... this word makes me want more coffee .... now ! 
has been feeling really groundhog-ish lately ... woke up this morning , didn't see my shadow ... so ran some errans with my mom , then the sun came out with my shadow ( weird how they always seem to be working in tandum like that ) and retreated back into my burrow and napped ... now it's cloudy and time for a walk .... 
... Blueberry Frosted Mini Wheats are awesome !! 
is making a pitcher of Peach Cobbler flavored iced coffee , I also found Mango flavored white tea ... not sure wich one I want to sample first ....... 
is feeling oddly hyper !! 
I poop , there for , I am full of it !! best bumper sticker i have seen in years ... it so deserves to be a t-shirt ... 
had a lazy low key weekend , didn't do all that much except standard house chores , then stretched out on the couch and got half way threw a book 
likes living downtown during a rainstorm for 2 reasons , first being , all the pavement and building surfaces amplify the sound of the rain , i love that sound , and the second being , its just damn funny watching people run all crazy like for shelter !! 
got a letter in the mail today inviting me to join the AARP ... so appearently being close to turning 29 is the new almost 50 ... 
is watching his cat enjoy her dinner of tender turkey and pasta with garden greens while he enjoys a raman cup-o-noodles and some bread .... god i'm whipped lol ! 
says , yup , seeing as how my masterfuly consturcted cover was blown by < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , I was in fact born , and not only was I born , but I was born upon this day exactly 29 years ago ... interesting fact , I think Hell suffered a severe frost that morning !! 
spent today getting a couple of things i kept putting off taken care of ... a trip to the DMV to renew my ID and a trip to empire vision for a check up ... with in 5 to 7 days i'll sporting a new ID card and glasses !! 
--- A Fisherman is a jerk sitting on one end of a line waiting for a jerk on the other ! --- \ 
( it was printed on an old button I saw in the antique & variety mall today ) 
just finished reading The Lovely Bones by < PROPFEMALE > Sebold ... I definetly recmend it ! and at some point i'll watch the movie based on it ! 
went for a walk along the bike trail that goes behind the base where all the new condos and such are being built ... on my way home this cat comes bounding up to me from across one of the lots ... really friendly , short hair , calico , just like mine but younger & really , really in heat , spent a good 15 minutes petting her , really people freidnly .... 
... Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be ... don't ya hate when fortune cookies mock you !! makes me glad I can consume them with a vengance ... and milk !! 
coffee cake flavored coffee & fig newtons ... need I say more ?!? 
just removed a 2 inch thick sheet of ice that's the same length and width of the ceiling of my freezer !! yeah defrosting !! 
alrighty i guess i procrastinated enough for one morning ... time to head out to work .... damn you mondays !! 
' s word of the day is , Hopscotch : verb , to journey directly from one usually far place to another . \ 
i think i'm going to create a childrens game that involves this same activity ... it will be played on a grid like board drawn with colored chalk on sidewalks , or driveways , or parks ... i don't have all the details nailed down yet ... but i think it'll catch on !! 
forgot how damn tasty and addictive Nutellla hazelnut spread is ...... 
cheated today , instead of going to the laundry mat , i went over to my mom's house . then we went store hopping , target , dollar tree , cornerstone , and the craft store ... it was fun to get away from downtown for a bit 
' s word of the day is , Mussitate : to silently move the lips in simulation of audible speech 
... did you know that Borders is selling used books on its website now ... i just ordered 4 out of print books i've been looking for for awhile now ... the most expensive one was $5.00 .. can't wait for them to start showing up at my door !! 
is stretched out on the couch with a book , snacking on grahm crackers with nutella and some eggnog !! 
Killer Klowns from Outer Space is playing in This right now !!! i love this movie it's so corny , it's great ! 
just watched a documentary on the intellegence of crows ... I never knew how amazingly gifted they are ... I always like them ... now I like them a whole lot more ! 
got home today and found 2 of the books I ordered in my mailbox !! that makes the whole day worth it !! 
got the final 2 books I ordered today , they are both the final book in a couple trilogies i've been wating to finish ... all in all i'm really impressed with the used book program that Borders is running . All 4 books I recieved are in really good condition and arrived a full week ahead of schedule and were all reasonable priced . Definetely will be using their service more in the future ... 
laundry was the only chore I had to do this weekend ... now what !?! 
this halloween i'm going as \the guy on the couch\ " cuz that's what i'll be doing tonight !! popcorn anyone !?! " 
anyone taking kids out trick or treating tonight ... bundle them up good .... its a wee bit frigid out there !!! 
wants a Fairpoint Bundle ... not the service ... the stuffed animal !! 
and my vacation from works starts ....... NOW ........ 
another sign that the holiday season is closing in on us ... the city started to < PROPFEMALE > up its holiday wreaths on the street lamps !! 
got most of christmas shopping done today , just got one niece and my mom to finish up ... other than that everything is wrapped , tagged , and bagged !!! 
got some pumpkin curry and vegetable soup slow simmering on the stove for dinner 
I did it !!! christmas shopping is done , gifts are wrapped and sorted , cards are made out and ready to go .... and the few little things I need for thanksgiving day have been picked up ! 
so when I was getting my groceries , I picked up a brand of wheat bread I've never seen before ... Bimbo Bread ... I figured ... hell ... I pretty much gotta buy this ... I mean how many times am I going to be able to tell people that \ I bought a really cheap Bimbo !! \"" 
Has anyone tried Moe's yet , how was it , price vs . quality and such ? 
just canceled my landline phone service ... so now i just got the highspped internet and my primary phone number will be my tracfone cell ... this switch will save me close to $60 a month .... why didn't i do this sooner !!! 
to get dressed .... or ... to remain in baggy , comfortable lounge pants & hoody ... these are the questions that shapes the course of one's day ! 
sooo ... is it just me ... or is the Knight's Automotive Thanksgiving commercial kinda creepy ? 
8:00 this morning is the end of my vacation .... 
has decided that if he's ever on Jepordy , cuz he has a snow ball's < PROPMALE > in hell of winning anyway , is going to sell his answer space out to corporate advertising and answer every question in the form of a product's slogan ... 
the windows of my apartment are starting to fog up with Thanksgiving goodness ! 
baked beans , corbread , turnip , acorn & spaghetti squash , herb stuffing with mushrooms , green beans with baby carrots and cauliflower , baked sweet potato , garlic and < PROPFEMALE > mashed potato , cranberry sauce , and my very first Tofurkey and then comes pumpkin pie , pecan pie , egg nog ... followed by a nap and enough leftovers to last until christmas !! 
as National Eat Way Too Damn Much Day draws itself to a close i'd just like to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving one last time ! 
to all you crazy early morning Black Friday shoppers ... i just want you to know ... while you were waiting in the cold for doors to open and fighting threw crazy crowds and insane lines ... i was nestled in a nice warm comfy bed !!! HAW HAW !!! 
contemplating .... is left over pie an acceptable post thanksgiving breakfast or should I just stick to a piece of fruit and some toast ? 
IT'S SNOWING !!!! 
so today my mom dropped off my christmas decorations ... while I was unpacking them i noticed some of my tree decorations were chewed up ... then an angry mouse jumped out of the box , ran across my arm and lept onto the floor ... some where in my apartment there is an invader mouse .... 
Mouse Invasion Day 2 : humane trap empty ... cat , doing nothing ... Me , hoping the little shit found his way into one of the other apartments and is now some one else's problem ... 
Dibs is the most amazing kitty ... she found the mouse when it came out of hiding ... chased it across the apartment ... where it tried to hide in the empty decoration boxes I had stacked in front of the door ... I took the box it ducked into out to the alley and released it back to the wild !! 
just finished my christmas decorating , I had to buy some new lights to go around my windows ... and while i was shopping for those i found a racoon and penguin ornament for my tree ! so now everything is ready to by lit up for the 1st of december ! ( plus i got my groceries for the week ) 
what is it about a good night's sleep that makes you want to stay in bed all day .... 
From now untill decmeber 7th , change your profile picture to one of your favorite childhood cartoons . The objective of this is not to see one human face on facebook , but to see all childhood cartoons , to stand up and join the fight to stop violence against children and child abuse . :) 
Bought a new pair of winter boots ... Bring On The Snow !! 
how is it that \googling\ " something has become easier than thinking ? " 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our life ........ when you grow up , they are still your friend . Repost if you have some of the best cousins in the world because I know I do !! I love my cousins !!!!!!!!!!! 
I've decided to cheat today ... i'm going over to my mom's to do laundry today insted of lugging my stuff down to the laundry mat !! 
went thrift store hopping with my mom today , found alot of hand made , crocheted and plastic canvas , christmas ornaments for my tree , and a crocheted tree skirt ... and i got my first christmas cards today !! 
thank you Green Mountain Coffee for the seasonal gift of Egg nog & Gingerbread flavored coffee !! 
is watching the Fraggle Rock Christmas Special !! thanks < PROPMALE > Henson company & Lionsgate dvds !! 
WARNING ! \ 
Did U know that the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedaphiles ? They're doing it becuase kids will accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with supporting child violence , it was on TV & it's on tonight's news . put this as your status to warn everyone & to get them to change back !! 
heading into work a little early today , have a couple cater outs i have to put together some bread , salads and desserts for , and some desserts for the restaruant i need to portion , hopefully i can get it all squared away before the delivery trucks start rolling in .... 
EGG NOG flavored ICECREAM !!! thanks Edy's!!! 
Rose : Can I ask a dumb question ? \ 
Dorothy : Better than anyone I know ! \ 
( quote from The < PROPFEMALE > Girls ) 
I'll be clearing off all my old Zombie posts after i get home from work today , < PROPFEMALE > if there are any bonuses left to claim have at ' em !!! 
SNOW !!! ;-) 
Current Temp . 1 degree !! 
Just got home from Mom's Christmas party , ate way too much and brought just as much home in left overs , swapt gifts with Sisters ' and Brother's family , and I got a bunch of updated pics of nieces , nephews , and great-nephew !! 
had today off from work and didn't even know it ( i thought it was going to be next monday ) , so did my grocery shopping super early today and got back home before 10a . m .... now what ??? 
\After all there's only one more sleep ' til Christmas \"" 
I had an awesome christmas ! < PROPFEMALE > many great gifts from my family , thnaks so much to everyone !! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to everyone !! 
is watching < PROPMALE > Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special ..... thanks mom !!! 
my apartment is officaly de-christmas-afied , tree gone , ornaments , lights , and decorations are packed and in storage , gifts put away ... dusting , sweeping , mopping , vacuming , windex-ing , dishes , laundry ... DONE !!! 
got done work an hour early , ran some some errans , dropped a check off at the bank , and found a couple < PROPMALE > Dunham DVD's on clearance at target and some peppermint & chocolate flavored soy milk !!! now i'm home for the evening ! 
oh sweet sweet friday , i waited all week for you , you the last shift of my work week , i missed you !!! 
weather man is calling for 2 - 6 inches of snow this weekend !! bundle up and be safe everyone ! 
bills payed , check deposited , check book balanced , house chores finished , isn't adult-hood grand !!! 
is watching the first episode of , The Cape , I like it , it kinda has a Batman feel to it , have to try to follow this series and see where it goes ! 
If your mom is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mom . I love you Mom !.. 
coffee brewing , chores started .... 
current temp . in plattsburgh is -1 .... this calls for hot oatmeal and a bigger cup of coffee ! 
-2 outside ..... with a possible high of 11 .... you suck Monday !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets ... it and follows the instructions 
\Tomorrow never happens . It's all the same fucking day ! \ " < PROPFEMALE > Joplin " 
yeah , new episodes of Fringe start tonight !! 
watching The Secret of NIMH , I haven't seen the cartoon in years ! 
Today's high is 0 !! 
random thought for the day : junk mail would make awesome bird cage liners ... you know if I had a bird .... 
tried some of Silk's Pure Coconut milk today , it wasn't as creamy or intense as i thought/hoped it would be ... but it's still really good & tasty ... it'll make some yummy oatmeal tomorrow morning !! 
the news is up to 550 school closings ... that's crazy ! 
Happy Groundhog's day !! but i think this one is a draw ..... 
' s word of the day , Thimberig : Verb , To cheat or swindle , as in the traditional shell game known as Thimberig . 
Finally ... HOME !!! 
Incase if you missed it ..... the Groundhog's prediction is for an early spring 
hey today was chinese new year ... \Happy New Year to my Chinese friends . And happy nothing to most people I know . ” < PROPMALE > Simpson " 
nothing like the sound of a human body crumbling down to the floor , because the bones are bgeing reduced to a liquid , to make one crave yogurt !!!.... thanks Fringe !!! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing mother , put this as your status ? \ 
? I love you mom ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
getting ready to head out to do some errands 
curled up in front of the window watching it snow ... waiting for the next flash of lightning and watching the cars and random people struggle to move forward !! 
what to do , what to do ... watch another movie or curl up with a book ... 
so now that football is over ... I get my sunday night cartoons back right ?!? i miss you animation domination ! 
calling for 3-6\ of snow going from today into tomorrow ... take it easy out there .... " 
to vacume or not to vacume that is the question ...... 
Happy \I Don't Need You 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Diabetes , Fibromyalgia , Crohn's , Rheumatoid Arthritis , MS , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , COPD , Lupus , Chronic Lymes Disease , Immune Disorders ) . Do it for all of those with an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside 
my weekend checklist is complete , deposit paycheck , balance checkbook , file taxes , go to the laundry mat , and visit the library to find a new book to start reading .... done , done , done , done , and done !!! 
found to flavors of Dunkin brand coffee on sale at target yesterday ... Toasted Almond and Strawberry Shortcake , I have that one brewing right now and smells so good ! 
You know , i'm happy for them ... congrats and all .... but i still don't see how every little decision made about < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding counts as breaking news !!! 
Now its off ot he bus stop so I can go to that wonderful place of payed employment !! 
OMG ... Justin Beiber got a hair cut ... OMG Fox News ... this is Not a breaking news story !!!! \ 
I don't know , maybe its just me , but , I remember when News programs delivered information and not celebrity gossip ! 
got done work early , now time to sit back , relax , and maybe take a cat nap ! 
I don't care how old I get , I'll never out grow the pure fun of playing with Bubble Wrap !!! 
went over to my Mom's house this weekend to do laundry , then we ran some errans , dropped trash off at the dump , and i treated her out to some chinese food and gave her a container of split pea & ham soup i brought home from work .... \ 
now i'm getting ready to stretch out on the couch and read for a bit ..... 
Sunday morning coffee and hashbrowns ! \ 
and a little later on , giving my livingroom a good vacumming\ 
and then ... who knows .... 
Nothing ruins a comfortable and cozy Sunday like Monday Morning !! 
Enemy Mine is playing on this !!! 
I figured out why I'm fat ! The shampoo I use in the shower that runs down my body says .... \for extra volume and body\ " .... I'm going to start using \ " Dawn\ " dish soap .... It says \ " dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove\ " .... Repost if you have the same issue .... I just could NOT resist this one !! " 
word of the day ... Gimcrack : adjective , A showy or worthless object ... 
yesterday's word of the day ... Gastronome : noune , A lover of good food and drink . \ 
~ just remember , just cuz you made 4 trips to the buffet line , doesn't a Gastronome make !!! ~ 
chores for today are done ... now to find something for a late lunch and then who knows .... 
550 schools in the area are closed ! and we're in the 15\- 30\ " range !! " 
Just got a call from my mom , FIRST TRANSIT IS SHUT DOWN .... THERE ARE NO CCPT CITY , SPECIAL , OR RURAL BUSES !!! \ 
if you know anyone who uses the bus system please pass it along ! 
17\ of snow for the plattsburgh area !! " 
Just tried to get out of my building , the snow drifts and banks from the plows are up to mid thigh !! 
It's Offical ..... I HAVE A SNOW DAY !!! 
Both The Butcher Block and Mangia is closed for lunch !! \ 
that's the best decision our joint management has made in a while ! \ 
Dinne Shift people , please take it easy on the roads and be safe !!! 
this was the best Snowday ever , spent the whole time stretched out on the couch or bed with my feet up and reading ... while 2 feet of snow piled up outside .... back to work tomorrow i suppose .... 
so while doing my laundry , a train passed by the building , and on one of the cars was spray painted , in really pretty colored graffiti , \fear the < PROPFEMALE > Phace Boyz\ " .... \ 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
Seems fitting that it would snow on the last calendar day of winter ... spring starts tomorrow and the first full day of spring is Monday ..... 
It might have cost my the lives of 4 out of the 5 members of my traveling party ... but I did it ... I completed to Oregon Trail ! now its on to complete other meaningless accomplishments !! 
saw an ad in the Tractor Supply flyer for live chics ... wish i had a place with a little bit of land , i'd like to raise a few chickens ... just for the fun of it ... not sure what i'd wit the eggs ( not much of an egg eater ) ... maybe i can train my cat to be some kind of chicken sheppard .... ahhhh day dreams ...... 
the dirtiest part of my weekend is now complete ... I finished cleaning , scrubbing , and re-assembling my fish aquarium , lid , and filter ... You know it's long over due when your fish look relieved & stunned when its over ! 
all of my < PROPFEMALE > pictures came out blury , and after a full day of charging , my cam battery is dead ! well there's always next time I guess ... 
Deleted another \social networking\ " site account ..... maybe i'm just not the socail type ... ohh well .... " 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of life , getting back up is living ~ Re-post if you agree 
Ahhh Monday , nothing stops you from showing up .... the world could come to a sudden end , and the day after that , would be Monday !! Here's to you Monday , starter of they inevitable work week , keep on keeping on !!! 
ACHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic to bullshit , drama queens , head games , LIARS , 2 faced people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who'll repost this 
It never ceases to amaze me , how much cat fur my vacume cleaner picks up every weekend ... always close to 2/3 of the plastic canister .... \ 
dusting , vacuming , dishes , done .... now I just need to sweep and mop the kitchen and bathroom floor and my house chores will be done ... until next weekend ... 
wish people would stop sending me invites to NO GAS DAY ... seeing as how I don't own a car or any other petrol powered vehicle ... and all of my traveling is done on foot or by bus .... for me every day is NO GAS DAY !!! ;-) 
wish < PROPFIRST > Smith's College would stop sending my cards asking for donations ... I'm sorry , but until my student loans are payed off , the only < PROPFIRST > Smith's student I can afford to help ( all be it a former one ) is ME !!! 
Dear Facebook\ 
In response to your limit of 420 characters per status update . Although seemingly fare , I just thought to inform you , that a bulk of my comments can be summed up with the use of 2 words and 1 finger ! \ 
Anti-Socialy Yours\ 
Me 
bought a new mouse for my computer , and a new rechargeable battery for my camerea .... hello small feeling of accomplishment !! 
The < PROPMALE > Dunham Show has been released on dvd , right now its on sale for $13.00 at wal-mart and $10.00 at Target .... if anyone's interested ! 
so got home from work last night , decided to light some candles and stretch out on the couch and relax , my cat pulled one of the candle holders off of the coffee table , and the hot wax spilled an her head ... poor Dibs has 2 bald spots , one above her left eye and the other behind her left ear ! 
Fig Newtons came out with a line of cookies called Newtons Fruit thins , with 3 flavors , chocolate raspberry , cranberry citrus , and blueberry brown sugar ... i bought the blueberry ones ... so good , especailly with coffee ... 
Final round of grooming and all of the candle wax has been removed from my cat's fur ! 
Just finished cleaning my windows ... what a difference a little bit of windex makes !! 
Welcome April Showers and may you indeed bring these May Flowers I've heard speak of !! and mayhaps some green leaves and grass , if it so pleases .... 
love watching it rain threw nice clean windows .... its liking watch the rain in HD !!! 
Just finished reading < PROPFEMALE > by < PROPFIRST > R . Lawhead ( the second book in the < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > trilogy ) , Now , hopefuly a copy of the final book , Tuck , will appear at the library , it hasn't let me done yet !! But for now , it's onto one of the books I found at Cornerstone ! 
Is anyone else having problems with their digital reciever ? mine spped recieving signals from half the channels it normaly picks up ... at least i still got my PBS ... maybe i need a new set of atennas ? or reviever ... idk ... mayby it'll sort itself out .... 
so ... i disconected my dvd player from the tv and most of the channels my digital reciever stopped picking up came back on and with a sharper picture ... the only ones missing are Fox44 and The CW ... maybe a new set of antennas will fix that ... must of been a faulty wire some where in the mix ... 
Farscape quote of the day : \ 
Dominar Rygel XVI : When a woman , whether she's a wife , a lover , or a slave you've purchased to be a wife or lover , leaves you repeatedly ... take the hint . 
()__()\ 
(= ' . ' =) \ 
(\) _ (\")" 
I love thunder storms !! 
still finds it amazing that we go threw 45lbs of whipped butter a week on the salad bars at work ..... people , the secret ingrediant is air !! calm down !! 
Farscape Quote of the Day :\ 
Aeryn : \You say you want to go back to this planet of pain and suffering\ " . \ 
soooo ... i'll be taking the bus into work today !! 
so today we came up with some < PROPMALE > Wedding drinking games at work\ 
1 ) every time you see a silly hat ... drink ! \ 
2)every time you see an overwhelmed looking woman with a bored/ annoyed looking man , cuz he rather be at home .... drink ! \ 
3 ) if you find a guy dressed like < PROPMALE > standing in the arial view of the crowd ... drink ... twice ! \ 
and my personal favorite\ 
4 ) every time you here some one British speak .... drink ! 
Rygel : \We haven't lied yet . Of course the trial has only been on for a few microts . '" 
Home Improvement quoste of the day :\ 
Al : “What’s ‘the look’ ? ”\ 
Tim : “Oh , come on , it’s just the most potent weapon in a woman’s arsenal . ” 
I just can't seem to find the motivation to get my house chores done .... 
It's almost time for me to re-order some checks .... I normaly use ChecksUnlimited ... But their prices seem to be a little steep ... does anyone use anything different ? I saw wal-mart offers check printing on their website but i don't know how reliable they are ... any feed back would be awesome ! 
Osama Bin Laden is dead !!! 
Took this from < PROPMALE > Dunham's < PROPFEMALE > , it made me chuckle ! \ 
Walter : We got Bin Laden ! < PROPFIRST > Trump is asking for his long form death certificate ... \ 
< PROPFIRST > Jalapeno : Osama Bin Laden has reportedly been killed ... this is going to be one bueno Cinco de Mayo ! \ 
Achmed : Osama Bin Laden has reportedly been killed ... I hate to tell Bin Laden that there's no 72 virgins to greet him ... Just me ... welcome to the club , bro . 
Farscape Quote of The Day is :\ 
\John Crichton : Eighty cycles . My college loans will be delinquent . I'll miss the strippers on my hundredth birthday . I'll get a utility < PROPMALE > for three trillion dollars for a single porch light that I left on and everybody I know will be dead . \"" 
If it keeps raining like this ... soon my apt . building will be lake front property ! 
