Pictures are up of the Wedding and Party 

just got home from the zoo , rylie wont take a nap so i dont get to either :( 
Watching < PROPMALE > Potter Order of the Phoenix , next one comes out wednesday :) 
Wow 
I can still feel those crunches lol 
my head is killing me :( 
back to the doctors today 
dinner was good and the company was awsome 
another beautiful day 
annoyed as crap right now ! who has a2 by 4 i need it to hit someone over the head with maybe it will help . 
oh my 
excited to watch movies and have pizza with an awsome guy :) 
enjoying the day off with the little monster 
when does practical thinking overrule your heart ? i'm left to wonder which direction to go 
well i just said something to my daughter i never thought i'd hear myself say .... rylie go get your monkey a towel 
what to do ? 
Gonna go try to see G.I. < PROPFIRST > again tonight :) yay 
dinner then skateboarding tonight with 2 of my favorite people :) 
about ready for bed yay 
dont feel like cleaning but its gotta get done before rylie gets home 
i love how i feel after working out lol other than being tired that is lol 
cleaning the house tonight blah 
off to work at 7am then i get to work till 9pm also so i'm soooo excited :p 
started packing today , gotta go work out and get ready for work now 
my head hurts and the child won't listen i need a drink and sleep :p 
making spagettii and garlic bread for dinner yummy :) 
I hate looking for a job :p 
is annoyed 
well woke up with a migrain today so its gonna suck :( hopefully my phone will be fixed today ( sorry mom for worrying you ) and what room do i do now ? 
well my simple telephone repair job , has become a fiasco lol he doesnt know whats wrong with the house lol said its showing 38 cable outlets ( their is only 4 ) and that the phone is hooked up correctly yet still no dial tone lol oh and my cable in the living room is hooked up so bad lol i cant have my internet where it is and needs to be moved lol 
tried sleeping , cant seem to :( 
its a beautiful day i think we're going to head to the park . yay :) 
rylie had so much fun at the park today it was awsome lol might go tomorrow also 
If god can forgive you so can i so you are forgiven . However dont think that what you said is ok and i'm ok with it cause i'm not !! I dont feel a great need for you in my life and i'm sorry about that because you need help . However it seems I can not help you unless you try to help yourself first 
well my arms are fine no damage , other than they were used as a pin pad and shocked to hell lol at least they work properly 
getting frustrated 
its a beautiful day today and i'm excited to share it with my bundle of joy ( or pain in the butt she goes by both names lol ) 
i'm not liking this new medication . its wonderful on my headaches and i love that , but its making my emotions go wako and my appitite is all over the place . grrr finally find something that works and yet screws up everything else :( 
really happy with the way the house is starting to look , cant wait to see the finished results ( whenever that is ) 
Another Beautiful day 
not feelilng great today but overall it was a good day 
Not feeling well today , want to go to bed 
Feeling a little better today 
so glad to be home and be with my little one 
my hip hurts and i want to cry 
Not feeling well today :( but i did get a job :) 
It's a bautiful morning would like to take the child and dog for a walk but the dog hurt my arm so she doesnt get to come and rylie is busy being tiger < PROPFEMALE > on the play set in the back yard 
October always brings beautiful weather :) 
please pray for nic's brother , the police just called saying he was in an accident and is being taken to the hospital that is all i know right now , and the power of prayer can help . 
i'd appreciate that we keep nic's brother in our prayers , he has been admited to the hospital with head trauma , broken arm and leg 
Still praying for nic's brother 
not sure what do to ? i cant get my mind clear ... 
well my mind is clear , just need to strength to do what needs to be done 
my head hurts and i'm still in pain dont think i should take more meds just sick of the pain 
redoing my hair tonight , not sure how it will look in the morning lol excited to figure it out . 
feeling better than yesterday which is good cause i have to head to work now 
hopefully the chiropractor can fix my back and the pain will go away ... 
Prayer's always work , nic's brother is out of the hospital with only a broken arm . The first diagnosis was wrong there is no brain damage or paralization 
thank you all for your prayers 
back to the chiropractor today , and still in pain this sucks :( 
well thanks mom and dad dinner was yummy 
to the doctors then to work hopefully today will be a busy day 
I love October !! 
had a good day at work and happy to be spending the evenning with my little one 
home at last :) 
hope i'm not getting sick and this is just a liittle bug 
excited to take my Princess/Ballerina ( she hasnt decided ) trick or treating tonight 
finally got the internet to work again yay 
just got back from the doctor , progress is being made on my back and its awsome :) 
not to happy , just found out that my pcd is no longer practicing as a pcd and after how many years i finally found one i like and a short while after he quites darn doctor !! now who do i go to ? :( 
tired and have to be up early for work , annoyed with work today guess i'll talk to them tomorrow 
well i dont think my back got enough rest between working last night and today cause my leg is numb again and everything is swollen :( 
well rylie just told me she is tired and wants to go to bed , but i dont want her to yet its only 6pm but can't seem to keep her awake 
ready for bed to bad rylie isnt lol 
first stop tooday the chiropractor then the doctor , hopefully they can figure out what to do with my back . 
i love rain 
well the only good news from the doctor is i wont need seurgery bad news is i need a specialist to figure out what the options are for it . :( this sucks 
i dont understand how difficult could making a copy of test results could possibly be 
another sleepless night , i'm so tired and just want to sleep , but for some reason i cant 
took rylie , amia and jayden to see Planet 51 we all had fun !! :) 
amused at how childish adults can be 
didnt sleep again last night but i have a feeling its going to be a good day 
hopefully i'll be able to sleep tonight . 
i explained to rylie last night that < PROPFEMALE > has a nice and a naughty list and childern on the naughty list dont get presents from < PROPFEMALE > . i didnt hear a peap out of her after bed time last night lol and this morning after everything she did she asked if she was still on the nice list . i love this nice and naughty list stuff lol 
had a long day hopefully i can get some sleep tonight . have a feeling i'm going to have a long day again tomorrow . 
had a long night , rylie was in urgent care for an hour and a half getting treatments then to walgreens for a half hour getting her meds . she gets breathing treatments every 4 hours for the next 2 days and had early phnemonia so on antibiotics for that also poor thing :( 
please pray for < PROPFEMALE>'s daughter < PROPFEMALE > , she had an emergency c-section today . the baby is now ok , but they don't know yet if < PROPFEMALE > will live to see her new daughter . 
i need to clean the house its getting messy , and all i feel like doing is laying in bed 
well didnt get the house clean did get the laundry and dishes done and organized my closet . close enough for me :) 
can't sleep as usual , i'm in to much pain tonight everything i do hurts 
happy to be out of bed still dont feel like doing anything though 
gotta love the look on a 3yr olds face seeing presents under the tree after < PROPFEMALE > drops them off . trying very hard at 6am pretending to still be asleep after we get up hearing her shaking presents lol 
finally made it out of bed just to get dressed for work , guess we'll see how long i last today . 
made it threw work today woo hoo i'm exauhsted now time for bed 
it hurts when i breath :( 
I am officially Mrs. < PROPFIRST > as off 10:30 am , bring on the party .. :) 
cant sleep as usual 
seriously it has taken me an hour to get the closet organized blah , finally done though , now to finish the laundry 
actually enjoyed dinner with my brother ! i know right , miracles do happen . 
Lots to do on my list today dont really feel like doing any of it though :p 
I decided after looking at salons today i'm redoing my hair . Not gonna tell you how yet its a surprise :) 
should be reorganizing rylie's room , but dont really feel like it . 
experimenting with my new crock pot , have to wait till dinner to see how it turns out 
dinner was awsome !! and the company couldnt have been better !!! love you mom & dad 
starting to feel really crappy again , fever is bac so is the not being able to keep anything down :( 
Ready for a fun day at the playground . 
enjoyed ayden's birthday party , ready for a nap now 
about to cuddle up on the couch with my 2 favorite people and enjoy pizza , a drink and a movie perfect saturday night 
Doctors appt . today hopefully they can figure stuff out . 
have to wait at least 3 days to get the test results back :p 
well i have most of the house organized and clean now off to take rylie to the doctor 
my back is killing right now , i'm so ready for a hot shower then bed 
i'm frustrated with my phones they sat on the darn charger all night and this morning their saying their dead , grrr and i dont want them to wake up rylie sence she didnt sleep last night 
contemplating work 
i feel blah today 
I'm ready for a new day 
I loved My dog Riding a motorcycle Because i'm not crazy ! 
Having fun with the girls , first amara and rylie did their makeup then dinner and now bubble bath , then toe nail painting and a movie and popcorn in bed whats better than this ? 
my husband is awsome , its a beautiful sunday afternoon without the little r monster and he cleaned the house and now doing yardwork while i sit with ice and heat on my back , i didnt even ask him to do any of it 
i love the rain 
Excited for tonight another great night with family , having some pork chops , potatoes and corn , and playing together with the wii . I love these nights ! 
So , I either take my sleeping medication and am biting everyones head off and feeling angry , or I dont take it and am crying every time somebody talkes to me because I don't sleep ? neither are working for me , just not sure what to do 
So far a pretty productive day , I feel so much better than yesterday :) 
Rylie has already named her sibling , and she has decided it will be a girl . 
I dont know what to do today , i did it all yesterday . hmmm 
waiting for my hunny to get home so we all snuggle up on the coach , watch a movie and have some pizza 
I'm tired , grumpy and dont feel good :( 
about to head out to church , there's an inch of ice on the truck :( and they say it doesnt get cold in arizona 
Sick of my stomach hurting !!!! 
On our way to the park 
Spine specialist today 
My stomach is still hurting :( 
Rylie did great at the Dentist this morning , heading to the OBGYN in a bit to check on the baby 
Rylie's room is now organized and clean now to do the office/baby's room shouldnt be to hard sence the baby doesnt have anything yet lol 
Me and Rylie aren't feeling to well today , guess we got whatever it is that is going around 
been a rather productive day :) 
Not feeling great today , I hate being sick !! 
My computer is having issues today 
I'm still craving a hamburger with swiss cheese and grilled pinnapple and a mango smoothie lol 
Excited about my interview today 
Still not feeling well , but looking forward to dinner with the family tonight . 
Rather productive today , cleaned most of the house and now resting 
I feel horrible , the doctor better call me back soon ! 
Looking for a job again today 
I found a job yesterday :) hopefully all goes well 
Excited for rylie's party today 
Had fun yesterday at the party , the house is so quiet today rylie and daddy went fishing . 
Excited for my first day off online classes today and tomorrow the salon opens . :) 
Well I have not gotten the house clean but I did get all my homework done . 
I'm bored , got all my school work done for the day and can't clean cause jd is sleeping 
guess i have no school work today thats good cause i'm getting dressed for work 
school and work today , not bad though doing school work at work lol 
Three clients today woo hoo 
Not feeling great today , glad i can lay in bed all day 
Feeling a little better today , somewhat able to eat food today :) 
Once they love us , they never really leave us . 
Been doing school work for the last 2 hours and finished only 1 class so far , I'll do the other class later . 
Finished all my school work for yesterday and today , yay . Work is slow today , which isn't to bad because I'm still exhausted !! 
No hair appointments today , 3 tomorrow though . OBGYN today , interested to see what she has to say . PCP tomorrow and lets see what she has to say lol 
5 clients today woo hoo 
Not feeling well again today , wasn't able to get school work done this morning had to deal with cox , and now to get ready for work 
Had a great day today with friends and family . Hopefully work will be steady tomorrow , and excited to attend < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party . 
Ready to enjoy the next few days off with rylie . 
attempting to rearrange the house 
We learned in church sunday that worry is a sin , and not to worry about what we can not change . However this may be the most difficult thing for me to ever do . 
Another cold , wet day 
You and me could write a bad romance 
Excited for tonight , dinner and a movie with friends/family 
Mid terms this morning , then work , finish mid terms after work tonight . 
Glad the weather is finally warming up . Hopefully if rylie is good we will go to the zoo today . 
Ready for bed , felt like a very long day ! 
Another beautiful warm day ! 
It makes me want to cry , how a mother can treat her son this way ! God will heal all things with time , and this we need to keep in mind , it is not easy when the devil uses family to temp your faith , but threw it all god will be there , that's what we need to keep in mind 
I find it slightly amusing when a person is simply trying to better himself , and his own parents call it a \psychotic episode\ " kinda funny " 
One class down for the day , one left to go but foot doctor first 
Yay , finished all my school work already this morning ! 
I'm seriously gonna go off on my professor for loosing my Midterm ! He claims he never recieved it and will not adjust my grade for doing it and handing it in on time . I don't need this right now . 
We found out today that we are having a boy . His name will be < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and should be arriving September 28th . 
People ammuse me ! 
My mind is blank currently , ok well not blank a ton going on in there just unclear as to what it all is lol 
well finals are next week , getting a little stressed out about it , but plan to start studying now ! 
My head hurts today today :( 
mmmmm Strawberry shortcake for dessert 
< PROPFIRST > is sitting on mommies back nerves and won't get off . 
Finished my assignments for the week , now to study for finals next week 
I'm tired 
My allergies are kicking my butt ! I feel horrible today . 
ok this is not allergies , whatever it is me and rylie are spending the day in bed feeling misserable . 
What a beautiful day ! 
coloring my hair :) 
Finished my two finals ! Anxiouse to get my grades monday , and start the new classes . 
Ready for bed 
watching rylie try to surf on her step stool 
Started my new classes today ! 
Enjoyed dinner with the family 
Such a beautiful day ! 
Poor Rylie is sick :( 
Feeling crappy today ! I have 0 energy ! 
School work and Doctors appt today . Doesn't sound so fun . 
off to bed , finished one class for the week , one more to go 
Off to work today . Did not sleep well last night , I don't think rylie did either . 
My allergies are kickin my butt today ! 
Up with rylie half the night , she was coughing every two minutes and couldn't breath . I'm tired today . 
The floor is looking really nice , thank you baby for doing it . 
Thoughts are bouncing around in my head & I can't seem to stop them . 
mmm Pizza & strawberry shortcake 
Addressing client postcards & cleaning the house today , oh fun . 
My head hurts . 
UltraSound this morning to check how big < PROPFIRST > is . 
What now 
Off to bed , finally ! Hopefully I can get a good night sleep in !!! 
I did better on my midterm than I thought I was going to do . 
The things we do for ourselves die with us , but the things we do for others is immortal 
Nothing in this world is forever , not even your troubles 
Woke up this morning and it was snowing outside :) 
What a beautiful day 
My head hurts 
Had a nice vacation , glad to be home though 
Why is it my professors always loose or don't see my work ?? Well HA i have the proof I did it and turned it in on time ! She better fix my grade , or else !! :) 
It's only 8pm and I'm ready for bed lol 
My head is hurting , I can't sleep ( again ) 
Had a long day 
Ready for what will hopefully be a busy day at work ! 
Excited to go to work 
< PROPFIRST > has been beating the crap out of my orgins today ! 
Almost done decorating keiths room :) 
Rather frustrated today ! 
Finished one final , One more to do tomorrow ! 
Not feeling well today :( 
Glad to be home with my family 
My chest is still hurting :( 
I don't want to be on bed rest , yet I do not believe I currently have a choice :( 
I have felt like I've been having a heart attack all day , finally took the pain meds they allow me to take , hopefully it kicks in soon ! 
Physical therapy this morning , hopefully it will help ! 
Tired and in pain today :( 
Pain , Pain go away , stop coming back each day !! 
Exactly 
Let's see what the doctor has to say ... 
Almost done cleaning , but my left arm is numb again 
Seriously I feel swollen lol 
Ready for a fun day :) 
My house is so quiet ! JD is gone , & Rylie is playing with her cousins . Guess I'll get some school work done early . 
Just finished breakfast & school work , back to bed to watch movies with the little one :) 
Not feeling great , me & rylie are cuddling up in bed to watch a movie :) 
Been a long day , I'm ready for bed lol how sad is that ??? 
Been such a great day , church , playing and family time :) 
Ready for little < PROPFIRST > to be here already !! 
Doctors annoy me ! 
Enjoying this weather 
Another doctor appointment today :p 
Finished my Midterm woo hoo ! 
Dinner with the parents was great , thank you it was yummy ! :) 
Baby < PROPFIRST > is 4pounds 14oz as of yesterday , oh and he's hairy like daddy ! We could see his hair on the ultrasound . 
8 more weeks , still too long I think ! 
Still feels tired 
About 7 more weeks left !! 
So , I have started dilating , doc says about 3 more weeks to go . 
This boy is a pain !! Contractions like crazy if I stand or walk , once I sit down however , they stop , how annoying ! 
Enjoyed the night of good food with good friends , but did NOT get enough sleep :p 
Hopefully little < PROPFIRST > come soon , so these contractions will stop ! 
Still waiting ( impatiently ) 
Still in pain , we go to the OBGYN tomorrow though . 
Baby < PROPFIRST > is good , basically they said it sucks to be me right now though lol 
Oh my gosh , Get OFF my bladder !! 
Just finished my final woo hoo !!! Did good on it also ( thankfully ) 
Still waiting 
Well the OB thinks there is a good < PROPMALE > the little one will be joining us tonight , if not they will be inducing Monday or Tuesday next week . 
Still no baby , the ocasional contractions but nothing steady still , induction is scheduled for the 23rd 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Smith was born 9/20/2010 8.6 pounds 20inchs , couldn't be happier ! 
Glad to finally have my little boy in my arms ( not my tummy ) just wish I could get some sleep . 
Feeling a bit tired these days 
remembering why i love monsters 
This has been the longest , hardest 24 hours ever !! Still no word on what's going on , it's a waiting game right now and I've never been good at this game !! 
Praying that < PROPFIRST > will be released from the NICU tomorrow !! 
So tired , last week was the longest I've ever had !! 
Had a good week , looking forward to this week as well 
Poor baby boy , his tummy is not feeling well . Hopefully the doc calls back today so we can figure out what is going on . 
Time to get life back in routine 
Already a day behind in class :( 
Suffering is inevitable , misery is optional 
oh what a week 
Gonna be a fun weekend 
Ok so blue or pink ?? 
Loving the cool weather . 
Trying to give a 9 week old a breathing treatment sucks !! 
I'm tired !! lol 
Glad to be home from the hospital finally ! The doctors believe < PROPFIRST > has a reflux issue which causes him pain and his whole body shakes and the reflux causes him to spit up . So it mimics the symptoms of seizures but they are not which is good ! 
Going to go see the light parade in down town phoenix , should be fun . 
Enjoying my day off with the family . 
Had a wonderful day ! We dedicated < PROPFIRST > this morning and it was beautiful . 
Enjoying the holidays with my family . 
I love the wood floor my husband and dad finished putting in yesterday !! It's beautiful . 
Love this weather , it is a little cold though , but hey it's not often we get this . 
Ok I'm cold !! 
What a crazy week this has been , I just keep reminding myself \The Lord never gives you more than you can handle \"" 
Well then 
What a week this will be .. 
so sick of < PROPFIRST>'s reflux ! I just want to find something that helps him already !!! 
Hair show on Saturday , should be fun ! 
I can't believe they canceled the Hair Show , so NOT happy about that !! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes !! 
poor < PROPFIRST > is sick 
Whatever I did to my foot hurts 
Glad this week is iver ! 
Lovin this weather 
