TMNT is the shit . 

I need a smoke . 
Can't wait to pop these rockets ! 
My little girl is finally home ! I love her so much already . She is so sweet an quiet . 
I haven't been on here in months ! What's goin on guys ? Where's the party at ? 
I would give almost anything to spend one more day in high school . 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow . 
doesn't understand , and is tired of trying to . 
hopefully tonight goes alright . 
is lookin for some new faces to < PROPFEMALE > out with . Anyone wanna chill sometime ? 
I'm not sure why some people think the way they do . How are you okay with the things you've done ? 
I'm still not getting it . I just wish you could tell me why . 
If I'm not here when you get back , blame yourself . 
Hasn't anyone ever told you to be careful what you wish for ? Next time be more specific , this blizzard is miserable . 
TOO ALL MEMBERS , if you believe in helping people lets do this : PLEASE NOTE that this status is being tracked , the owners of FACEBOOK have confirmed they WILL SEND A $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for EVERYTIME THIS IS CUT AND PASTED as a status . You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour . Lets all do our bit to help . 
I feel like shooting something . Anyone down for the gun range ? 
Rollercoasters make me nauseous . I'm not sure how much longer these restraints will make me feel safe . They're starting to itch . 
If you can't think of anything to say in a conversation , try asking the other person something . Maybe something interesting happened and they're just waiting to be asked . Just a suggestion , in case you're tired of the silence . 
Wake up and face me . Don't play dead , cause maybe someday I will walk away and say \You fuckin ' disappoint me . Maybe you're better off this way . \"" 
I've done alot of thinkin and alot of soul searchin , and I've come to realize that sometimes you have to get down to the lowest place in your emotions , and spend some time there , to realize that those dreams you want so bad aren't really that unreachable . I'm gonna have fun with life , and quit letting so many little things get in the way . 
I am the doog . The big bad doog . 
I lost $100 . How does a person do this ? Does this happen to anyone else besides me ? If you happen to come across an abandoned $100 < PROPMALE > . . . 
Love laced with paranoia . 
* Sigh * Another one bites the dust . I'll never forget you . And I'll always miss you . 
Have a wonderful Monday everyone . I'm off to meet my new manager . Hope it goes well , cause i've gotta deal with him for the next 8 and a half hours . 
Does anyone have any free money they're gettin rid of ? I'm trying to finish off my collection , but I need a few more hundreds and a couple of fives to get it . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is my enemy today . 
Late for my date this morning , but the Judge waited for me and gave me no shit . How many people can say that ? Sometimes I feel like people understand I've seen harder times than most 21-year-olds . But today that's over . Finally ! Thank you everyone who helped pull me out of the deepest part of hell , and never gave up on teaching me how to smile again . I love you all . Get ready to see a happier me :) 
I'm not sure what to do with myself anymore . I keep disappointing myself , and I can't seem to freakin stop . 
I can't even describe it . 
Ready for another amazing day ! 
I officially quit making promises today . I'm tired of letting people down . 
Well friends , I'm probably not goin to Colorado for the fourth . Hit me up if you got anything goin down . 
Sometimes I feel like everything is just how it should be , nothing can go wrong , and if it does , then I just accept it and move on . Yet other times , it feels like I'm stuck in a loop , like I'm finding different ways to make the same mistake , and it feels like I'm getting nowhere . I've got to get out of this somehow . 
I'm not sure what to do anymore . With anything . So many things in my life I wish I could change . I can , but things would be so different people wouldn't know what to think of me anymore . Question is , is it worth it ? 
I'm beginning to lose the little faith I had left that there is some good in this world . Even complete strangers are breaking my heart now . Seems like everything's a trap . A test . One that I can't seem to pass . It's very discouraging . 
Change of plans once again . . . I'll be in COLORADO next week !!! 
Setting a new course for my life in the morning . Lots of changes are about to happen . And with that comes stress . I hope I can handle this . 
Yep . It's still beautiful here :) 
Yep , it's still beautiful here :) 
Your actions and my emotions have filled more pages than I intended . And it sounds more ridiculous with each verse I finish . 
Attention people . Your attention please ! I am sleepwalking and I will not stop until I find my swimming goggles . Hey you , I smell a partridge ! Flee , alien keeper of lumpy delight ! The winter is mine . 
I haven't even left and I already miss this place so bad I wanna cry . . . Saying goodbye to this place and all my family here is the worst feeling in the world . I'll be on my way home when < PROPFEMALE > comes around . 
Homeward bound . . . 
I made it . Hit me up if you got my number . 
I can't stand it when girls come up with stories thinking it makes them sound more attractive . I'd rather know the real you , cause I know she's more interesting . And I REALLY hate it when someone talks shit when I've been nothing but nice to them and the people they care about . If you got somethin to say , get over here and say it to my face , army boy , or fuck off because I'm done with bullshit . 
Just when you think everything's alright , don't let your gaurd down , because Reality has a way of making its rounds and keepin your dreams and perceptions in check . I get lost in this dream world too much . This soft heart has got me hurt too many times . I'm ready to trade it in . 
Yesterday I made a big deal over nothing . I'm sorry , < PROPFEMALE > . You didn't deserve that . Let me know how I can make it up to you . 
Come on , World , make some sense today , please . 
Something's gotta give . Something has to change . I'm trying to be patient , but persistant . If things don't work out soon I'm gonna have to change plans . 
Number one , I hate it when people can't let go of a relationship , and will do anything to keep the drama of it going . BUT , I do love to watch people get their ass beat ! If people would mind thier own business , they might not have half a bruised and bloody face . 
I love nights like these :) 
Does anyone know where to find the reset button on my life ? I'm having a hard time finding it . 
I'm not saying anything else on hear until I have something good to say . 
Guess what . . . Something good to say ! I love my life :) That's all . And it's thanks to all my friends and family . 
You can't stop the waves . . . but you can learn to surf . 
I give up . Thank you Gabby for not doing things like this to me . You're the best friend anyone could have . I freakin love you . 
The knives that people keep sinking into my back seem to only get sharper and longer . You think you can trust someone who says they'll always be there for you . . . I just need to not let this bother me and move on . Another one bites the dust . 
Spaghetti ! ! ! I love my mom :) 
Does anyone actually pay attention to this ? 
Silence is deafening . 
The more I try , the more disappointed I become . I'm done trying . Time to just let things happen . 
Five Finger Death Punch and Lamb of God is the shit ! Who else is goin to Mayhem Fest this weekend ? 
Wishful thinking . 
Going insane ! I need gasoline ! 
Goin to kick it with < PROPMALE > , see what kind of trouble I can get into today . 
Ever get so deep in a rut and then you come across a new band you never payed attention to and it helped you out of that dark , depressing place ? Thank you 5FDP . I owe you my life . 
Woke up today at 1 in the afternoon , and my very first thought was how amazing life seems right now . First time that's ever happened to me . I'm usually kickin myself for sleepin all day , but last night was totally worth it :) hit me up if anyone wants to do anything . 
FML . Probably blew everything tonight . I hate when everything is out of my hands and there is nothing I can do about it . I am a control freak . FML two times . Bipolar too , apparently , cause this morning I was on top of the world . Three strikes . But I'm not quittin this . . . not yet . I just need to step back and let things breathe for awhile . 
Anyone single ? 
Okay , question revised . Any single females ? 
I need to figure out a way to motivate myself . I'm losin it . 
Finally got enrolled at OSUOKC today . Now I've got to figure out how to pay for this pretty quick . Anyone needs their lawn mowed or anything let me know . Or if you know anywhere that's hiring . 
Wow . . . Thank you guys :) Lookin at my wall just made this day 200x better . You have no idea . 
They always disappear when they get a boyfriend . And my heart always gets ripped out when I realize things will never be the same . I need to quit getting attached to girls so easily . It just gets worse each time . 
Something exciting needs to happen soon . 
Today was a great day :) hope it stays this way . 
I could get used to this :) still lookin for a job though . 
Come on , please be a good day . Haven't got off to a great start , but hopefully it'll change . 
Well , it got better for a little while at least . Had a fun time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and got to see < PROPFIRST > for a bit . Probably seein her tomorrow night too . Now I'm back home to the stress . Gotta get things done sometime I guess . Still not diggin this growing up thing . Not sure I'll ever get used to it . 
I need a hobby . Anyone have anything in mind I might like ? 
Come on 3 o ' clock . 
It's so hard to be patient , but the wait is going to be so worth it . 
I want so much more than this . And I'm not talking about money or possessions . 
Wow my life is depressing . I wish I could take more hours at school so I couldn't focus on anything else . 
Lookin forward to the weekend . 
I'm going back to sleep . I'm not getting out of bed til this day gets better or it's time for school . I'm really not looking forward to this day . 
I shouldn't say things to people when I'm half asleep . Nothing good comes out of it . In fact , it's quite the opposite . Can't wait to see what comes of this BS . 
I think it's time to once again re-structure my social life . 
Got to see < PROPFEMALE > today ! :) Ready for the family reunion this weekend . Gabby , you better get ahold of me tomorrow . I want to see you before I go . 
I just realized that the Reading Rainbow dude is the guy in the funny glasses on < PROPFEMALE > Trek . How does anyone watch this ? 
I'm pretty sure this is the greatest morning I've had in weeks . Maybe months . Everything is lookin up . I'm really looking forward to this weekend , too . 
Great day today . Got some bad news , but had alot of fun today :) hopefully tomorrow is ten times better . 
. . . * sigh * . . . 
Blah . Ready for a job . I need some money . 
Hope tonight's a good one . 
Today's gonna suck . 
Looking forward to today . Not sure why I am , but I sure hope it turns out alright . 
I love Chicken Fried Steak :) 
Wow . Amazing day :) easy time at school , got my truck fixed up , and I'm getting a call tomorrow tellin me when I'm gonna start drivin for Pizza Hut ! I love feeling productive . 
Just got done hangin out with Gabriolla :) I love that girl . 
Spaghetti AND fried okra ?! This is the best day I've had in a long time . 
Oh man . Too much good food . I'm stuffed . Now I need something to do . 
Life sometimes pisses me off . It's never a good trip for me . Everytime I reach for love it's taken away . . . 
Seems I've been on your mind , too . I'm anxious to see how things turn out this time . 
< PROPFEMALE > . . . 
Sitting in my room with my laptop . 
Wonderful day today . Weather is amazing . 
Found out today there have been sightings of Pterodactyls . New Zealand mostly , but some around the states . Are people nuts ? I'm not going to doubt it completely , because we have found creatures thought to be extinct ( coelacanth , giant squid , etc . ) , but I'm sure a body of a giant featherless bird would have been found or captured by now . Wonder what else people think they've seen that I've never heard of . . . 
What's your favorite movie(s ) that you think people should watch ? 
Lazy day today . Music videos and Facebook . Beautiful day outside , though . 
What's your favorite music video ? 
I'm the greediest person I know . I've been offered so much yet I'm always wanting more . Now looking back I could have had some pretty great things and been in some really great situations , but I threw them away . I've decided not to dwell on it , but to learn from it . It's time to slow down and appreciate what I have left in my life :) 
Used and left behind . It's time to turn this life around . 
looking forward to tomorrow :) 
chocolate milk :) 
I'm on it . 
Where do you go when you want to have a good time ? 
I'm not in Grand Junction . 
Things are going great right now . Finally . It feels good to get rid of some stress . 
I chose this path . 
There's not enough to do at 130 in the morning . Sleep would be nice , but impossible . I need something to slow my mind down or I'm gonna go insane . 
Sometimes the truth hurts , but at least I know . Maybe now things will be different . It's about damn time . 
LEGALIZE IT 
Wake me up before you go go . 
Life is good :) 
I went disc golfing for the first time in months today . The lack of practice showed , too . Gotta get out there more often . 
1324354657687980910 
That's not treasure ! It's soap-on-a-rope ! 
What else you got to throw at me Life ? Might as well do it while I'm down . Hit me as hard as you possibly can . 
< PROPFIRST > A Romero's Night of the Living Dead . Tonight's a good night . 
I love my new car :) 
Best day I've had in awhile . I got to see Gabby :) 
It sure is great to have friends that have your back when you aren't around to defend yourself , and tell you how things have really been going while you aren't around . 
I walk the line . 
I am sofa < PROPMALE > we < PROPMALE > did . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone , or are related to someone , who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and can breathe fire and belch lava . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they've already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting ... in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , while the remaining 1% are AWESOME and will repost this . 
I like turtles . 
Powdered donuts make me go nuts ! 
Don't forget to tip your delivery boy ! 
Eat my shorts . 
You were there for me when I needed someone the most . You helped me through the worst of times . You helped me out of my darkest place and showed me how to enjoy life again . You were the best friend I've ever had , and I wish you the best in life . Don't ever forget who your real friends are , and keep in touch . I'm gonna miss you my friend . I love you forever and always Gabby . 
Lovin life :) 
Changes . . . 
Send a message saying something you have always wanted to tell me and I'll keep it between us , then repost this !!! Good luck 
My habit of procrastinating is finally backfiring on me enough . Gotta cut that out . 
< PROPFIRST > makes the best lemonade ;) 
I'm lost on the point of this < PROPFIRST > game . 
Quitting is so hard . 
It sure is nice to feel happy again :) 
Spoke too soon . Life blows again already . Had a productive day planned out and now it's all gone to shit . Should've expected it . Happiness never lasts long in my world . Stress and frustration creeps out of the most unexpected places . 
Off to work . Don't forget to tip the delivery boy ! 
So ready for tomorrow :) 
A wolf in sheep's clothing . I just described myself in 5 words or less . Let that be a warning to all of you who think I'm a safe bet . To my best friend , I can't apologize enough . 
I already love today :) 
You can never run far enough , 
One day I wanna copy someones status word for word and see if they notice 
When the world slips you a < PROPFIRST > . . . 
I love being me sometimes . 
Oh listen to the banjo wind\ 
A sad song drifting low\ 
Listen to the tears roll\ 
Down my face as she turns to go 
Work work work . Blah blah blah . 
Beautiful day to change my oil . 
Legendary :) What a night . 
Swear I'm gonna find you . . . one of these nights . 
Ready for a night off . 
Be careful what you wish for . 
Watching The Road . Looks great so far . 
If you're into post-apocalyptic films ( which I am ! ) then I highly recommend The Road . Amazing movie . 
Fast Times at Ridgemont High :) 
Shut up when I'm talkin to you . 
It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus . All year long the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter , while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched t.v. Then the winter came and the grasshopper died , and the octopus ate all his acorns . And also he got a race car . 
Does anyone know the specifics on the laws here about herbal smoke blends ? I realized they made a bunch of them illegal that were sprayed with JWH-018 , but were those the only ones ? Are there still some I can order legally ? 
I keep waking up earlier and earlier . I want some sleep damn it . But since I'm gonna be up I've decided to watch Shrink . Might make me some waffles . 
Tonight was awesome :) 
Oklahoma needs 24 hour liquor stores . Stupid laws . 
I'm switching to Lights . 
A year ago I hated being single and was looking for just about anyone to change that . Now I look around and find myself thankful that I don't have to put up with relationship issues right now . You can't always get what you want , but sometimes you get what you need :) love the Stones . 
Whimmy wam wam wazzle ! 
Anyone else as bored as I am ? 
I like big butts and I cannot lie . . . 
You can't stop the waves , but you can learn to surf . 
I won't get caught up in this feeling again . I'm pushing past it and staying optimistic about life . 
Smile more often . 
Go-gurt . Delicious . 
Today is gonna be a great day . Spread the word . 
I need a change of scenery . 
Life is full of surprises . It blows my mind sometimes . 
What do you think Slipknot will do ? It's been buggin me . 
. . . cause I watched them fall away . 
Nights I'll never forget :) 
It's always gonna be sour grapes with you , boy , 
I must have done something VERY right to deserve this :) 
Life is great :) 
And it just keeps getting better . I can't wait to see how things are gonna be in a month . Very optimistic :) 
I had forgotten what this feels like :) 
I'm amazed at how I find things just when I stop looking . 
I gotta quit staying up so late . I just can't help it though :) 
What to do . 
I love it when people say they agree that some things should be refrained from being said on facebook , then they turn around and say it ON FACEBOOK . Blows my mind . 
Can't we all just get along ? Why do people have to be so hateful ? 
I love poking < PROPFEMALE > . Sometimes we do it multiple times a day . I've lost count today ;) 
Thinking about a change . A big one . 
Who doesn't like zombies ? 
I can't say I like being on the other side of things , either . Why do I have to be so complicated ? 
Going to get a haircut . FINALLY . 
I love lazer tag . 
Cardio is where it's at . I gotta get in shape . 
I love suprises . Life is great . 
I really don't give myself as much credit as I should . 
You wouldn't even recognize me anymore . 
I love you Gabriolla :) 
Really appreciating life right now . It's funny how everything works out in the end . 
Everything is temporary . 
Trying to get motivated to change my oil . 
Finally got it done ! 
Had a great night last night . Definitely feelin it today though . 
Rule #32 : Enjoy the little things . 
Watching gun x sword . Not sure if I like it yet . 
I guess a person can only fool themselves for so long . FML . 
