Moved into new house . It's rockin ' . 

Saw Transformers 2 . Same thing as the last one , except different places . 
wants ... pancakes ... 
Wishing all the other firs t-t ime college students good luck . Having a blast here . 
I'm so falling asleep atm . :'( 
Dead By Sunrise , < PROPMALE > Bennington's side band , has leaked . GREAT album . 
I finally got some writing done . >_> Not only that , but I ' liked ' it . 
I'm gonna start writing again , but my throat is too busy exploding ... 
I have bronchitis and acid reflux disease . Great fricken combination . /sarcasm 
I'm done . That ;s it . I decided . No more screwing around . I'm writing this damn book before next winter . 
How the hell can you people like Twilight ? I swear to God . >.> < PROPFIRST > is the fugliest guy I have ever seen . At least with that atrocious haircut . How can I look up to the hero of a book when he looks like that ? 
Dammit . I'm unable to write until I get this damn wellness project done . >.> Until it's done , no writing for me . =( 
Goddammit . It happened again . My entire flashdrive might have lost it's information . Trying to recover them now . Has tons of saved writing and school reports . 
I can recover files , but every fuking recovery program won't let me recover it because I have to \buy\ " the full version . What bullshit . " 
Everything in my flash drive .... was recovered . ^_^ I'll get back to writing after the Holiday . I ended up having to call the big guns to fix it . My dad is an unstoppable MACHINE ! 
Unfortunately , everyone , there seems to be one more step til everything is recovered . My Word documents are severely damaged . I got writing back , but only about half . The other half is questionable still . 
Ugh ... I'm mentally and physically exhausted . Not feeling well for three weeks , what the hell did I do ? 
Scrubs season premiere . Let's see how horrible it is . >_> 
lol EAGLEEEEEEE !!! < PROPFIRST > I know you hear me ! 
Premiere of Scrubs . I actually approve . Not too shabby . 
watching Live Free or Die Hard . Couple years old , but still kicking ass . 
I just got a flood of emails from different people , more than usual . What the hell ? 
Listening to demo version of LP's Figure09 . It is the shiznit . 
The water on the side of my messenger bag disappeared . I'm so thirsty too ... dammit . 
Omg ! I have brainwave !!!! 
lol I don't have a ride til 1 o'clock to get home . I had one class today . lol 
Ask me any question you < PROPFEMALE > . Until the week ends , I will answer whatever you have to ask honestly . This does not exclude sarcastic answers . Read carefully . 
wrote an allegory . And I'm pretty stoked about it . 
I don't want to do anything for Mom , I'm gonna buy some DAMN krumpets !!! < PROPFEMALE > Drummond 
So many people love the show LOST , yet I don't have a friend that I can share my enthusiasm of the show with , right when the finale's come up . Real disappointing . 
This new house is nice and all , but I miss the small , cozy bedroom I had with the soft carpet ... D: 
Just finished watching the new season premiere for LOST . Fricken fantastic . 
Did you know ...? The bird , the bird , the bird is word ! Da-da-da the bird , bird , bird , the bird is the word . 
Facebook needs to stop changing . It's really not necessary to do so . At all . 
playing A link to the past . Great game . Difficulty still there . 
Looking at the snow . Not too impressed , but overall , I'm appeased . 
Okay , I was wrong about the snow . There's tons . Leave me alone . 
Just spammed quite a few people . I feel kinda good . 
All six books are planned . The first will be finished ... I'm guessing first half of 2011 . Gotta hurry before the end of 2012 comes around ! 
Watching old school Dragonball episodes . Brings back some memories . One of the best series , period . 
I will never respect myself as a writer until my ability to evoke emotion with words is as powerful as the ability of music is . ' Til then , I am weak and impotent . 
SEGA . The Choplifter : The Mega Cartridge . Davonte , Sekou . Which one of you guys want this ? 
Once I finally start writing the rough draft of the first book , I will gladly except insults such as \hermit\ " and \ " cave-dweller\ " . My lack of social interaction will be absolute . lol " 
Right now , I'm writing the history , culture and politics of my book that span over a course of nearly 4.5 thousand years . This includes technology , demographics , religion , etc . It's actually really fun . Only I could say that though . rofl 
If you consider yourself a dedicated writer of anything - poems , books , short stories , etc - throw a comment on this status . 
When you're born , you get a ticket to the freak show . When you're born in < PROPFEMALE > , you get front row seats ... 
Movies in 3D is NOT cool . Sorry to burst your bubble . It is by far the dumbest addition to the theatre experience . 
After reading some of the comments on fan pages and the such , I feel like facebook is becoming just another youtube - complete with comments made by idiots ( everyone but me ) . 
Procrastination ... Why do we do it ? 
The world seems so beautiful when you're walking around in the spring morning air . 
EXCUSE ME ! I GOT NOTHING TO SAY !!!! 
Huge question for the agnostic/atheism mindset . If God does not exist and Christianity is a load of bull , why was the Bible written and what was its purpose ? How can we explain the documents behind the Bible ? 
Thinking about swtiching from agnostic to atheism ... No reason , really , other than atheism sounds much cooler . Agnostic sounds like someone with some kind of lethal ... nose infection . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is so beautiful . Wish it was always out like that . 
Running to seven eleven . 
I think it's funny when a cashier seems to think they're a commentator on the act of exchanging money for goods . This isn't a football game , I just want my Brisk . 
Thinking about a certain someone . You know who you are . =P 
Happy Easter ! I'm eating ham tonight . Yea-eah-ah ! 
Jury duty ...? Ugh .... So pissed right now . 
I wonder which of my friends are interested enough in my series that they would join a group about it where I can update stuff related to it ? Thinking this might inspire me to work a little harder .... Shrug . 
Just planned about nine or seven chapters ? Something like that . But things are turning out quickly . Been a while since I've written , so I'm excited to begin again . 
knows the name of his last chapter . 
Would anyone be interested in a daily blog of what I have for news about my writing ? I'd be fun for me , I dunno about anyone else . 
If you've been writing like I have for so long , then you'll know that you're not the author of your own book ... 
Chocolate is good . 
Thank the rain for a nice , chill night for once . 
Had a brand new idea for writing , but can't do it because NO laptop . Otherwise , would have worked wonders . 
Struggling with a way to start that first chapter . Might just make a short , short prologue and get RIGHT into the chapter without any bullshiting . 
Came across a really irritating problem in writing . Technical wise . 
Allergies kicked in . -_- 
I learned a valuable lesson in writing today from myself . 
I got three thousands words typed out . A chapter , for me , should typically have around five thousand plus . Finish CH1 tonight ? Eh ... maybe . 
Finished a chapter ... So happy I could die . 
Long day . Slept for two hours . Yaaaay ... 
Deciding to do chapters weekly , not back to back . Gives me time to think and plan . ^_^ 
Can't wait to get home and start planning another chapter . That and eat as much as possible . 
Just destroyed his room . ^_^ Yay . 
Found a new writing technique for editing . It's works like a charm . 
Pissed beyond all recognition . 
My head is swimming 
Just created about seven new characters out of nowhere . So much fun . 
Reading my old writing to get some ideas on point of view . 
Like this status if I've ever made you geniuinly smile or laugh . Copy this into your status if you wanna see what feedback you get . This isn't usually my thing , but I hope to get some amusing replies . 
Dear Facebook , stop focking with your website . It's beginning to act retarded . 
There were five . Then there were six . Now seven ? I don't know if anyone would like that , specially what it would mean . 
Rockin ' to new LP song . Awesome track . New favorite . 
This hot weather is not desired . >_> 
We’re so blinded by the light that we cannot see the darkness which we so harshly condemn ... 
Armed man on CCBC Essex campus ? After he's arrested I'm gonna slap the shit out of him for wasting my time . 
Omnium rerum principia parva sunt ... 
Two morons seem to be absent ... 
\You've fallen asleep in denial\ 
I'm alert now ! 
Rockin ' wedding . A rare event occurred where I socialized and danced . What's happening to me !? 
Back from < PROPFEMALE > . Realizing again how balls MD is . 
Thinkin it would be awesome to take a trip to Disney World with closest , best friends . It'd be fricken cool . 
I think a lightning storm is gonna hit ... >_> Computer's probably gonna ' splode . 
So , some religious youtuber was debating me , and when I kicked his ass , he neither replied to or approved of my comment on his video ... If you're going to be religious , at least have the balls to admit you could be wrong . Otherwise I'll treat you like garbage . :) Cheers . 
Originally having like , two people over for a cookout , and now I'm pressing my luck a little . >_> Still though . Fun times ahead . ^_^ Give me a shoutout ! 
The show FlashForward was cancelled . I kinda liked it , too . D= 
There are two kinds of people . The first kind only show skin , and gossip about stupid , pointless shit . The second kind show heart , and think about what's important . Rethink your life . 
My Wii is officially dead . >_< Oh well . Time to buy a black one . 
Coney is playing there ? 
Shit man . Coney ? I gotta friend ya . It's Asaph . 
How ya been , Coney ? 
Coney , you CGed in general , but no infinites ? 
I thought it wasn't legal ... If that's the case , they completely twisted what his match was about . 
Hey , does anyone know about the wolf , Kain ? I heard he beat DSF . 
Hm ... Bad source . 
@Cafee lol 
I really wish we could see these matches . Nintendo needs to man the fock up . 
Who is Ally using against ZSS ? Snake ? Nothing else ? 
What's the score between < PROPMALE > and Ally ? 
Damn . 
What characters did Ally use ? 
Awesome . 
Ally's not using Snake if M2K goes gay with stage choice . 
Damn . Hoping Ally would win . Too bad . Do we know what the games were like , which characters were used . 
Where ya goin ' < PROPFIRST > !? Huh !? Where ya goin'! ? 
Wii getting fixed for free . Hallefrickenlujah . 
Hopefully the Nintendo label comes in the mail today . 
The worst thing to ever walk the earth would be stupid religious people . Debating one of them again . How dumb can you get ? Goddamn . <- lol blasphemy 
Use your real name on Facebook , not some gansta **** . How dumb people get . Yeah , that's right , I'm calling you out . Post here and get at me . 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > !!!! ^_^ 
LMAO \You put your nuts in my mouth ... \ " -guy from E3 " 
Nintendo won't fix Wii . Apparently , it is beyond repair . lmao .... T_T 
Oh , God , oh , God , oh , God , oh , God ! I want some f*ing tea !!!!! 
Facebook's new birthday thing is annoying . Now you have to click on birthdays to find out . But I'm sorry , I just don't care enough . It should be on the homepage like it used to be . =( 
Saw a preview for the new Predator . Must . see . it . 
Does anyone have Legend of < PROPFEMALE > Twilight < PROPFEMALE > ? I'd like to borrow it . 
I will now venture for my black hat , which has been hidden from me . 
Linkin Park released a small sample of their album's newest single . ^_^ 
Just had several epiphanies in my writing . @_@ It's gonna be a good day , tater . 
O_O I just got mind****ed . 
Something interesting has been brought to my attention . I must ponder this further ... 
< PROPFIRST > Rock . Many who like Naruto like this . 
Accident right outside the house . A woman was killed . Someone who I can only assume to be her boyfriend crawled down to her . RIP 
My arms are gone ... so are my shoulders . And the legs too . Gone ... omg ... so many weeds ... they ... must cut , but ... too many ... the sun burns ! * collapses * 
If you don't have the care to capitalize a title , you're an inept half-wit whose work is described as mediocre at best . Slob . 
I hate it when someone disappears off your friends list , and you don't know who it is . 
Wow , after that , my head hurts . 
Thinking about Midnight . It's coming together in my mind in a new way . Also thinking about some short stories I could write to hold me over til Midnight . 
Lift me up .... Let me go ... 
Reduced six books to five books . Pretty excited . Not so complicated now . 
Superman Is Dead : Many who like Avenged Sevenfold like this . 
Been writing plot all day . Epiphanies everywhere . 
My memory is really bad ... Really bad . 
Random fact about Midnight : the series takes place in a fictional country , United Provinces ( or Aya ) . It starts during the year 4123 A.E. ( After Exodus ) . Aya is the largest exporter of tea in the world ( because I could ) . 
My 3 year old Sansa has bitten the dust . 
Home from work . Time to create Deibellance , which none of you have any idea what that is . If you're good with the creation of words ... 
I'm going through one of those moments where an inanimate object doesn't do what I want it to do and I get extremely pissed . like/comment if you do too . I want to know if I'm the only angry person . 
I've begun to realize that my existence is mostly used to make people laugh ... I don't understand that ... Ever wanted to get a therapist JUST to see what they would say about you ? I think if I got one , their brain would implode from confusion . 
So geeky . Forgive me . Btw , it's dark and rainy out . Not desired . 
These bags are deformed ... * looks at other bags * All ... these bags are deformed . 
Doesn't matter if we go to bed at 10PM or if we go to bed at 4AM . We're wakin up at 12 . 
When I search ' twilight ' in google images , I'd prefer to come across pictures of a beautiful sky , not a piece of shit franchise supported by angsty teenage girls who don't know real < PROPMALE > from her own hormones . Goddamn . 
* falls of bed * * Wilhelm scream * 
I never meant to leave this world alone\ 
I never meant to hurt the ones who cared\ 
And all this time I thought we'd just grow old\ 
You know , no one said it's fair\ 
Tell my baby girl that \It's alright\ " \ 
Walking to CCBC Essex . Oh joy ... Ride , anyone ? lmao T_T 
\Fifty mile per hour winds and a downpour ? hah ! Nah ! Younkins ain't gonna be here ! hah ! Nah ! \ " lol " 
Wretches and Kings is awesome . 
It's been a long time , people . I hate to break it to ya , but your opinion is NOT a fact . I repeat—NOT a fact . So here's my opinion . You suck . Like real bad . 
So close ... release .... of album . >_< 
I hate it when things suck every ounce of your soul and time away . Right now , my demon is video game . >_< 
Waiting for the end to come , wishing I had strength to stand . This is not what I had planned . It's out of my control . Flying at the speed of light , thoughts were spinning in my head , so many things were left unsaid . It's hard to let you go ... Sitting in an empty room , trying to forget the past . This was never meant to last . I wish it wasn't so . 
If you criticize something for being cliche , you're inempt , and I do not respect you . Good day . 
\This business of burning human beings with napalm 
LP's A Thousand Suns was alright . It had some high points , but it mostly just average with a few terrible tracks . It's alright to experiment , but it sounds like they're just kinda doing whatever . 
Must I bring a hoodie everywhere ? I understand that summer is hot , but that doesn't mean the inside of buildings need a blizzard . Now I wanna go back outside . 
I hate how people's eyes wander on your computer screen at school or work . I mean , really ? Screw off . I don't care if I'm looking at Yahoo's main < PROPFEMALE > , mind your own damn business . 
Humanity is full of so much idiocy that I am sometimes ashamed to be human . 
@caitlin \ 
drummond is the best little sister in the world (: This is what \ 
happens when you owe someone something . 
Word of the day : suffuse . I love this word . I just love the way it comes off the tongue . 
I don't feel so good . Sad face . 
I love characters in stories that constantly pick on one person just for the hell of it . I think I should pick someone to constantly pick on . Probably Zach Wheeler . lol 
I don't know about you , but when someone declares a belief that I don't \ 
particularly disagree with , I argue with them anyone and throw whatever \ 
random argument pops in my head , even if poorly constructed . Why ? I like challenging people . 
Laying down the foundations for a small card game . I love creating . 
Bleach Manga has good < PROPMALE > , but it is most possibly the worst story I have ever followed in my life . 
I'm about to delete all the people I don't talk to and/or don't like . * friends list plummets to around twenty people * Honestly , I shouldn't be scared to go on my FB chat because of stalkers , and I shouldn't have people liking my status that I don't even know . I mean really . Who are you ? 
I wonder how far a person should go in deleting friends from Facebook ? Not sure myself . 
I want a sombrero . And a fake mustache . Donations are acceptable . 
Why is it that I couldn't fall asleep til 5am ? Ugh . Now a sad walk through the rain . Oh well . 
Why do I still have problems spelling existence ? Such an easy word , yet I hestitate typing it ALL the time . 
I hate people who complain about everyone else except themselves , as if they're hot shit . Get over yourself , you pompous windbag . 
Oh God ... I feel just like I did that one time I had too much Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Ow . T_T 
Just because I'm not older than thirty doesn't mean that I'm an idiot . No damn respect . 
F *** sports . :) 
I can't stand it when someone doesn't give something a < PROPMALE > . May it be a song , person , movie or book ; the person just calls it trash after the first second . You'll never know anything great that way . 
Book III is a third of the way planned . ^_^ Book IV should be just as easy . Then that's it for plans . 
You know , I think I could something absolutely terrible for an eggroll at the moment . 
Anyone have any spare computer speakers ? Mine are just awful . 
I just had a philosophical revelation . As well as a Midnight revelation . ^_^ 
Amazing progress . Really weaving together . 
< PROPMALE > character name . You choose . Derk . Or ... Dirk . lol It doesn't really matter which . Just curious . This character won't be seen till Book III or so . 
I'm trying to find the viewpoints of deism , and whenever I look it up , the search engine will always think I mean \atheism . \ " Is deism really that dead or something ? " 
Aragorn in LOTR is 87 years old . I keep forgetting that . Crazy . 
This is yet another shot at creating a map I actually like . Except this time I'm not drawing it . GIMP , let's do this . 
Sometimes Facebook makes changes , and they're so discreet , I can't tell exactly what changed . >_> Sneaky . 
* sigh * I guess I'm creating a fictional language too . >_> I didn't want to , but it seems to be required . 
I've had several revelations . It's going well . 
There's a difference between understanding words and understanding meaning . Some things cannot be taught , only realized . 
YES ! I woke up late , but my first class happens to be cancelled . Mmmmmmm ! * does the dance of dances * 
Kant's refutal of the ontological argument is soooo confusing . >_< 
What is this Q&A I hear of ? 
I see this new group feature , and I wanna use it for something . Yet I'm not sure what ... 
I appears I am being missed . 
That paper was a pain in my ass . Epistemology is really boring . 
You know , religion and science has tried to explain as much as it can about the universe . Am I one of the only people that likes how mysterious the universe is ? 
What\ 
constitutes who a person is ? Is it their memories for example ? Would \ 
you say I was the same person if I forget nearly everything about my \ 
life , and started again ? Would you say that the true Holden you knew was\ 
dead ? Is this the essence of a person , do you think ? Memories ? \ 
Interested in thoughts . 
\No-no-no-no ... That's not meant for me ... \ " -says a sleeping person " 
I want a new nickname . A ridiculous one . Something silly , silly for the sake of silliness . Or ... sillyness ? Those words are silly . In any case , my new nickname will be Mr. Buttersnaps . Thank you very much . 
wtf am have i gone french ? 
Last day of finals . 
I've decided that if I ever go trick or treating on Halloween again , the costume will be Mexican themed . I should work on an accent in advance . 
Tonight's the lunar eclipse @ 2:40 in the morning . Lasts about an hour . Cheers 
Someone tried to hack my gmail and then send a trojan horse to a friend and then a high school teacher Mr. Dresner . If I knew who attempted this , I would destroy them . 
Anyone got a soldering iron and desoldering braid ? 
The old Asaph controller has been revived . ; ) I fixed it . 
I think I've officially lost it . * bounces around in madness * 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Got a phone ! lmao < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
I know why a massive snowstorm is coming . And it's not just because it's winter . haha This status is meant for one and only one person . haha 
Got a cell phone . Give me them cell < PROPFIRST > . 
I 
Today's gonna be awesome . 
Moment of truth . Putting the Wii back together . Cross your fingers . No trolling now . 
Yeah ... Feeling depressed now . 
Alright , here's the deal ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... or don't . I don't really care . =) haha 
Of all the books , movies and games you've ever watched , read or played , which story had your favorite ending , and what kind of ending was it ? Please do tell . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > ! No ! No ! < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I enjoyed the Narnia movies . Just watched ' em . 
Inception was damn good . 
It must be because I'm a writer , but thesaurus.com is like my favorite place on the internet . 
People keep saying the ending of the Mist was sad . It was not sad . It was stupid . The rest of the movie was okay though . 
Anyone watch Tangled ? I liked it . 
\Introducing Naudara \"" 
Just watched The Green Mile ... The movie really tears you up . 
Is it me , or are newer games clunkier and slower ? At least in Nintendo's realm of gameplay . New games aren't as good as the old ones . Like Melee or Ocarina . 
LMAO \You'll peanutbutter salad forever . \"" 
Thanks for all the Happy Bdays , guys . 
Oh God . There are people on the internet , and they're wrong ! * goes to correct them * 
Meat ... or potatoes ? 
Wind Waker . >=) 
The longer I live , the more I realize that there's really no point in debating anything , or trying to be logical . Everyone has their own little world , and it doesn't matter how right you are . They're in denial . Or worse , you might be one of them . 
Way to go , Egyyyyypt—I mean Justiiiiiiiin ! 
I dug my way to find the source of the noise , and combat my enemy , but found cows and pigs instead on the surface . Then I looked around , and ... * sees it's getting dark , can't find way back to the hole he dug * FUUUUUUUUUUUU—*barricades self in large block of stone * 
Ugh . I really am tired of this bs . Oh well . 
\The night life is for you . \ " -fortune cookie\ 
If you remove the cactus , chickens will accumulate . :) 
I'm tired of this place . * crafts TNT * Moving on . 
The new 1.3 beta update has just made MC crash all the time . >_> It's unplayable now . 
Formspring might be fun ... 
Mining obsidian is a pain in the ass . But I've got over fifty blocks now . So yay me . 
Davonte Jeffers does afraid of spiders ... I wanna watch him play Minecraft . 
Difference between geek and nerd ? Go . 
I have to remember to go back next time . T_T 
Just a day or two ... 
I'm that guy always throwing my music on repeat . Then listens for days to the same song . 
New comp . Ah ... I cannot wait to put it together . 
New computer looks like it's gonna work . Can't wait ! 
Oh , Japan . All you have to do is endure the losses . It'll get easier . 
Almost deleted MC somehow . >_< So close . 
How do you define maturity ? 
Ever subscribe to some guy and youtube , think he/she is cool , and then after a while , realize they're the most annoying person on Earth ? * unsubscribe * 
I gotz teh diamonds . 
You know you're in love when it hurts like a bitch half the time . 
Omg What have I done ? >_< Never again . 
1.4 .... O_O 
I don't want to be a writer anymore ... I want to be one HELL of a writer . 
Lovely weather . =D 
