lol , BYU sent me a letter telling me to consider their school :P silly Mormons , they should think twice about who they send those to ! haha 

Im chillin in So Cal with my lil cousins ! 
GO SAINTS !!!! 
slappin dat bass !! 
New laptop !!! 
coolest smiley ever . <(^^,)> 
got a hair cut ! 
senior project = done !!!!!!!! 
So I'm pretty sure the Hurt Locker was the most \eh .. \ " movie I have ever seen " 
FUCK . 
Well ... My dad lost his job . My mom only works part time for minimum wage ... our rent alone with out utilities/groceries and other essentials is $1400 . thats 400 more than my mom brings in . I don't know what we're going to do . 
I'm in a crazy good mood right now ! and I really don't know why :P 
Just got my phone replaced ! I lost a lot of < PROPFIRST > though , i only have the ones that were saved on my sim card , and that wasn't too many . So if you could please just text me your name or send a message that would be awesome ! 
Damn SWA . 
Dude . Have some pride ! Be More Immature !!! - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... Quote of the night :) 
there are roughly 325,000 dots on Holcomb's ceiling . Just thought everyone ought to know this . 
the movie kickass pretty mucch kicked ass !!! 
Anyone wanna chill ? 916-521-4095 
Hey , do seniors go to school late tomorrow ? Or when does that all start ? 
Get to sleep in on my bday this Thursday ! It's gonna be legit :) 
Me : What are you doin ' after school tomorrow ? Kris : I don't know yet , but I know what your thinkin'! haha , good times :P 
HAPPY 4/20 !!!! 
anyone want an 8g ipod touch ? 
New Kottonmouth Kings CD is pretty damn good :P 
gettin off the comp 
new iphone and cod 2 
I was listening to you talk and then all of a sudden I heard you say ....... WHAT ??????!!! 
How's life everyone ? 
Just made 40$ babysitting ! Pay me 40$ to watch spongebob with a 10 year old ? Why of course :) 
I have a question . Why does < PROPMALE > oro call the tickets to dances \bids\ " ? Why is it \ " buy your senior ball bids\ " instead of \ " buy your senior ball tickets\ " ? Ever since freshman year I haven't quite understood that . " 
Full tank of gas :) the feeling is almost orgasmic :P 
Cars are clean now , crisis dodged . 
Am I reading the directions for the letter to the judges correctly ? Does < PROPMALE > Oro really think that every single senior is going to have an EPIPHANY because of their senior project ? Are you kidding me ? They think that because its in the directions , they can require us to have an epiphany ??? Well the only epiphany I have had because of this is that senior project can SUCK IT . 
Great senior ball :) and awesome time after :D now for recovery day :P 
I am so ready to graduate . 
Practice speech round two tomorrow . Sweet . 
10 minutes late , just like every other day :P Seriously , I just don't care . 
I don't need magical powers ! I just need a good immune system !!! - < PROPMALE > Lozancich circa < PROPMALE > year :) 
The only place you need to explore is inside yourself :) 
just made a bebo ! you guys who have one should add me , and everyone else should make one ! haha 
What do you do with 365 used condoms ?? \ 
\ 
answer : melt them down , make a tire , and call it a goodyear :)) 
2 classes left today , then senior boards , which are going to be a breeze , then English and sports med finals and then IM DONE !!!! 
Victory is mine !!! Senior boards are over and in never going to have to deal with that again ! 
Someone should txt me !! 916 521 4095 ! 
Stir it up :) 
Rivercats game today :P 
Last monday of high school tomorrow ? Yes Yes Yes :D 
The next sentence is true . the previous one is false . Contemplate that for a bit :) 
A person with Phobophobia is mortified of developing a phobia . 
Turn left as soon as you leave the house tomorrow . If you don't , you might regret it for the rest of your life , just wondering what might have happened :P 
Remember back in the day when the school book fair was the shit ?? Lol 
who else bought an ASSC Activity sticker for < PROPFEMALE > college ? because I got one with my parking permit and I have no idea what I'm supposed to do with it . It is for wireless access and stuff .. but I'm not sure what I'm supposed to stick it to .. 
my little sister is blasting pursuit of happiness by kid cudi in her room right now ! lol , i think i've taught her well :) 
Last night was legit :P 
This weekend was epic !!! :D 
earliest class for < PROPFEMALE > next year .... 12:30 :D Class on fridays ? HELL NO ! Shitty classes I don't really want to take ? HELL NO TO THAT ONE TOO :D !!! 
One more day of high school ....... 
As ready as I am to graduate , I am still gonna miss this place .. 
Me and < PROPMALE > almost just got trapped in a parking garage :P 
:D graduated :D 
Headin out for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Best camping trip ever !!!! Too bad it's almost over :/ good memories though !!! 
Home !! 
56 more minutes ... 
The song playing with fire just came on at the same time as a fire truck speeds past me !! Haha , that was funny :P 
does anyone know how to jailbreak an iPhone 3gs with software version 3.1.3 ? 
@_@ 
Awesome . The power comes back on just as I'm walking out the door . 
Boating on Folsom lake tomorrow !! Anyone want to go ? 
New iPhone software is legit ! 
If you don't live for something you'll die for nothing ! 
17 hours of sleep ..... Holy shit . 
What up everybody !? 
Lately Atreyu has been all I can listen to :P Epic band !!! 
I have a serious question . If you can help me , please do ! Ok , here it is . Why THE FUCK IS THERE A ' G ' in the word ' sign' ????? I would understand if it was sine , but I just can't understand why G means the I should make a long I sound . If you know why I would appreciate it if you told me . 
Boondock Saints was a legit movie !! Definitely one of my favorites 
Inception was crazy !!! 
hello world ! 
Malibu's most wanted !! 
Interview at CalFit tomorrow !!!! 
Stuck in oak park after dark ... FML . 
final interview for calfit tuesday !!! wish me luck ! 
Cal fit's newest employee :) 
If I owned a race horse , I'd have to call it Gunnabee Glü 
I feel like I shouldn't be awake this early . But it's all good ! Early morning bike ride sounds pretty good right now :D 
Go raiders !!! 
Yaaaa !!!! Just dropped my phone then snatched it mid air like a ninja :P haha , thank you cat like reflexes :) 
First college assignment = DONE ! 
Sometimes I want to copy someone's status , word for word , to see if they notice 
Closing tomorrow at 9 , then opening Sunday at 6am .... Sweet . 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Flaming shot goes wrong ! ( awesome vid :P )\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-4OaQ9j7kE&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Who's down for football Monday at 11:30 at D.O. ? 
Just got a 93.2% on my first college exam :D 
Go Saints !! Kill Favre ! 
WHO DAT !?!?!? GO SAINTS !!! WHOOP ! 
What's up world !?!? Txt me !! 916-521-4095 ! 
Cowboys or Redskins ??? 
Yay 3 hour music class ... 
Saints !!!!! 
watching the facebook episode of southpark :P hahaha 
Can you spell dYsfunkshonul ??? 
Surprise ! Midterm Essay in English today . Sweet . Pretty sure I nailed it tho :P 
Most boring 3 hours of the week starts now . 
Anyone want a free day at cal fit ? Hit me up ! 
Raiders beat the chargers 27-35 !!!! :D 
Go Raiders !!! 
Anyone want a broken xbox 360 ? It reads DVDs and CDs , just not 360 games . 
WE LET IT RIP !! .. When we got the money ... LET IT ROLL !! .. Iff we got the gas ... It gets WILD ! haha 
time for an itunes library update . anyone got any good songs i need to download ?? 
Proud owner of a blackberry torch :D 
that was freakin scary . 
93% on my psych exam :D 
if anyone is interested in a Cal fit membership start up fee is only 12$ this weekend ! 
does anyone actually use twitter ? 
what's everyone doin for halloween ??? 
is it a good or bad thing that I can't remember the last time my room was this clean ?? haha 
let's do it raiders !!! 
who feels like a road trip to southern cali february 16th to see avenged sevenfold , stone sour , and hollywood undead for their nightmare after Christmas tour !? 
yes ! college ! 
I intend to live forever . So far , so good :) haha 
Quicksand . Quicksand is a scary mutha , man . You think everything is fine but then one thing goes wrong , and then another , and then another , and no matter how much you fight , eventually your in over your head . 
if I had a time machine , I'd go back to this morning , tell myself to call in sick , and just stay inside all day . yes . that would have been better . oh well , got hella hours this weekend at least :P life goes on 
scoot over Lucifer . I'm more ruthless . -biggie smalls 
just picked up an extra 12 hours a week at cal fit :) 
damn good game for thanksgiving !!! 
There is no such thing as perfection , only an ongoing pursuit of an ideal . 
we should live life like dogs do . if you can't eat it , hump it , or piss on it , just walk away :) haha 
nice round of office golf on my lunch break :P back to work till 1030 . 
crazy day . everything will work out though , I'm sure ! 
Its sad that saying < PROPFEMALE > christmas instead of happy holidays is frowned upon in < PROPFEMALE > . We celebrate christmas here , not ' the holiday season ' . Sure , some people celebrate other winter holidays , but you don't have to be christian to be < PROPFEMALE > on the 25th any more than you have to be < PROPFEMALE > to have a good St. < PROPFIRST>'s day , or Mexican to have a good Cinco de Mayo . Fuck happy holidays . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody !!!!!! 
I like to dance naked 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! 
Anyone have any Super Nintendo games they don't want any more ? 
When I was five my favorite movie was the Gremlins . That aint got shit to do with nuthin , I just thought that I should mention it . 
words are words and promises are promises . - 100.5 
