It's as natural as a gorilla beating its chest 

Familiarity breeds brilliance 
Yesterday was indeed a good day . 
My brother likes Godsmack and his birthday is coming up , so i placed an order for a cd . Now Amazon thinks i'm emo . 
Stung by a < PROPFEMALE > , stepped on a nail , and hit in the head with a board . My life is an episode of the stooges right now and i'm playing all three roles . 
likes this status update ! 
enjoys my job . There aren't many places you can dress up all fancy-like and work at the same time . 
Wouldn't mind a subtle life change . 
lots of fresh snow = ski season is here . Now i have a reason to enjoy it . 
is now on neighborhood watch . Try me now grandma , i've got my eye on you . 
is accident prone . 
' s farm keeps dying in farmville . I can't even take care of a virtual farm ...... 
is reading a new book . What an enlightening way to spend my time . 
just ate a stale rice krispy treat ...... and liked it . Judge me as you may . 
- ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha , oh stupid < PROPFIRST>'s Day shenanigans . 
Arrogance and self-awareness seldom go hand in hand . 
Life is a miracle , deal with it . 
What is better than a show with Off the Wall Comedy Improv ? How about two shows ?!? 7 pm to 9:30 pm tonight at the brand spanking new Salt Rock Coffee Shop on 12th street . Come back and finish your AB workout the OTW way . 
had a pretty good week last week . I dare this week to do better . 
Hey Utah , in case you've failed to notice April Fools Day is over . That being said please restore the sunshine and clear skies as previously planned . That will be all . 
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true . 
Off the Wall Comedy Improv tomorrow at the Washington Terrace Playhouse . The show starts at 10:30 pm with tickets at an affordable price of 5 dollars per person . BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE ! If you need more laughter Off the Wall also plays saturday at the Salt Rock Coffee shop on 12th street at 9:30 pm with equal price and equal hilarity ! Come out and laugh with us . 
Flogging < PROPFEMALE > ! 
will be playing with the very talented Off the Wall cast tonight at Salt Rock Coffee on 12th street . The show starts at 9:30 and tickets are $5 dollars . Come out and laugh with us , I DARE YOU ! 
wonders what jumping on a pogo stick in an earthquake would be like . 
is MAD ! 
did so well on my monologue tonight ! I enjoy that feeling 
It's an improv filled weekend ! 
was just talked into buying a bar of chocolate by a very persuasive 6 year old .... Oh the youth of today 
BBQ on top of one of salt lake city's tallest buildings . Can it get any better ? 
what a busy day . I sympathize with the headless chicken 
enjoys black tie events , very much so . 
is on the < PROPMALE > Road to Dublin 
my lack of interest has caused my farm-ville to wilt away and die . I hope nobody calls PETA-ville 
Scars only remind us of where we've been , they don't have to dictate where we're going . 
Ah power-naps . Where would i be without you ? 
Nothing like a nice long run in the rain to clear your mind 
is going to sign up for fall semester today , and i'm excited to do so . Hooray for higher education . 
In an alternate universe ; everything goes the way i'd like it to , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > narrates my life . 
< PROPFIRST > Dempsey set to be cast on Transformers 3 ? What's he going to do , charm the robots to death ? 
< PROPFIRST > Downey < PROPMALE > , you never fail to disappoint me . 
Tonight is Off the Wall Comedy Improv's birthday and you're invited ! Come on out and laugh at the biggest show of the year ! 
Here's an interesting fact ..... Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes . 
Nothing is so strong as gentleness , nothing so gentle as real strength . - St. < PROPFIRST > de Sales 
Thanks to the Off the Wall fans for coming out and to my friends for making this another great weekend . - Don't stop believin ' 
is sunburnt to the enth yes the ENTH degree . 
is playing rock , paper , scissors with < PROPFIRST > Scissorhands . 
Hey life , throw all the curveballs you want . I don't play baseball . 
Nothing gets your day going better than a good old interrogation right when you walk in to work . 
would like to have a cool British accent . 
Successfully used a Jedi mind trick . 
Now that you're out of school come to Off the Wall Comedy Improv tonight . The show starts at 10:30 , be there and bring your friends ! 
Oh what-o what-o what-a fun night 
absolutely ENJOYS the Ocean movies 
Come out friday and saturday to see your favorite funny people perform with Off the Wall comedy improv . Friday's cast stars yours truly along with an amazing cast . Come buy a t-shirt ! Free personalized < PROPFIRST > hugs just for buying a ticket . 
enjoy's watching things blow up via a slow-mo camera . 
Best . Weekend . EVER ! Big thanks to all who were there . I have the absolute best friends one could ask for . 
While at the Weber State testing center i was asked for ID to take a test . I promptly gave the woman my Licence to Kill ..... She was not amused . 
would like to see Spider-man the musical . 
absolutely enjoys life's AH-HA !! moments . 
Ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup ? 
My grandfather's a little forgetful , but he likes to give me advice . One day , he took me aside and left me there . 
I'm still trying to figure out why kamikazi pilots wore helmets . 
Allergies suck . Especially if you're Superman 
Tan : Check ! - Euro shorts : Check ! - Designer shades : Check ! Resort attire : Check ! Tropical paradise here i come . 
LAX ! 
My shuttle driver is currently rocking out to Gaga . 
Freestyling on the North Shore . Totally worth getting thrashed by < PROPFEMALE > . 
Captain < PROPFIRST > is here . 
is LOST !! 
is homeward bound . 
I think one of the requirements to make it into being a flight stewardess is you have to be really good at tetris . 
Oh what a night . Thanks to all the coolest people EVER . 
is playing with a great OTW cast tonight at 12th street Salt Rock Coffee . Come and watch , show starts at 9:30 and we're 108 times better than fireworks ! 
Big thanks to all who came out yesterday and made the show so awesome . 
To see a world in a grain of sand\ 
And heaven in a wild flower\ 
Hold infinity in the palm of your hand\ 
And eternity in an hour . 
Fight crime , shoot back ! 
Big news folks ! \ 
\ 
I have left Off The Wall\ 
< PROPMALE > Uribe , < PROPMALE > Nufrio , < PROPMALE > Goodman , < PROPMALE > \ 
Dittmore , < PROPFIRST > Rossander , Aidan Steenblik , < PROPFIRST > Noyes , < PROPMALE > \ 
Myler , < PROPFIRST > Lindner , < PROPFEMALE > Corona , < PROPFIRST > Benson , < PROPFIRST > DeGennaro , < PROPMALE > Hurst and I \ 
have set up the Hilarity House ! All your favorite actors & characters are putting together the \ 
hottest new way to see comedy with Mission Improvable ! 
RDJ considered for possible lead role in new Wizard of Oz film . Get excited . 
Come support the newest and coolest troupe around and see all of your favorite spies ! MISSION : IMPROVIBLE brought to you by Hilarity House Productions . For two action-packed hours we will play your favorite improv games with a little dabble of espionage at the Salt Rock Coffee Shop ! The show is this saturday at 9:30 pm and is only $5 . 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen . Your mission , whether or not you decide to accept it , is to attend MISSION : IMPROVIBLE tonight ! Location : Salt Rock Coffee Time : 9:30 pm Price : $5 dollars Description : Two hours of improv spy-themed hilarity ..... See you there ! 
You've been activated . LOCATION : Salt Rock Coffee Shop ( 270 12th Street , Ogden , UT ) TIME : 21:30 hours ( 9:30 pm ) PRICE : $5.00 dollars MISSION : IMPROVIBLE . See you there ! 
Instead of going to fireworks tonight , come see the newest and coolest improv troupe in Utah ... MISSION : IMPROVIBLE by Hilarity House Productions ! It's two full hours of awesome laughter AND if you're still hungry for a light show i will personally do cartwheels in the parking lot with sparklers in my mouth . I'd like to see utah fireworks beat that . 
Hmmmmm good day :) 
leftover California Pizza Kitchen is just as good as fresh California Pizza Kitchen . 
was attacked by a swarm of moskilloes 
\I await a protector ! \"" 
The brain controls the mind ! 
loves my grandma and grandpa :) 
would like to visit New York City . 
Your mission whether or not you decide to accept it , is to come see the funniest people you know in Mission : Improvible this saturday night at Salt Rock Coffee ! The show starts at 9:30 pm and is only 5 dollars for two hours of side-splitting entertainment . See you there ! 
What a fun show tonight folks ! Thanks to all who came out and made Mission : Improvible so great ! 
enjoy's watching Mystery Diagnosis with my mom 
is going on an adventure !! 
an older woman called me a \handsome baby chicken\ " today . Hooray for good looking poultry ! " 
It feels like antarctica in here . 
I enjoyed today very much :) 
is going to see The Expendables . The total amount of testosterone may shatter the universe . 
Fiji water tastes like Evian water , which tastes like Aquafina water , which tastes like generic bottled water , which tastes like tap water . Whoda thunk ? 
would like to visit the haunted lost city in Peru . 
cannot fathom how busy this semester will be . 
would like a new bionic shoulder . 
Big things are happening with Mission : Improvible that can only be measured on the scale of EPIC proportions . Come check us out tonight at Salt Rock Coffee . Show starts at 9:30 pm , see you there ! 
' s professor has a an awesome english accent , thus putting him in one of the coolest people he knows list . 
Saw a man with a huge forhead and incredibly bushy eyebrows today . I was tempted to ask him if he has switched to geico . 
Update , the ground looks crazy cool at 135 mph 
Motorcycle ride in the rain . YES !! 
Come out to Mission : Improvible and support your favorite local funny people tonight at Salt Rock Coffee ! The show starts at 9:30 and is only $5 bucks . Again it's on the big stage so lets fill the house !!! See you there . 
I solemnly swear that i am up to no good 
had fun tonight hanging out with Eysten , Sagan , and cute little < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Yaaargh . I be goin ' to the gym to take care of me booty . 
Thinks changing while driving should be considered a sport . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > comincia è a metà dell'opera . 
Genetics blow my mind 
Happy 9-02-10 . At least < PROPFEMALE > Hills has something to celebrate . 
My motorcycle is whole again 
Great show from M : I tonight . You guys rock 
with a suit and clipboard , you can be a pro at anything . 
Having classes across campus goes under the list of bad ideas 
Study abroad in Europe next summer ? Yes please and thank you . 
Well check that night under \awesome \"" 
And you take me the way i am 
Great show at Mission : Improvible tonight . Thanks to everyone who came out to Salt Rock and helped support your local improv troupe and favorite local coffee shop . I'm a happy camper and i'm not even camping . 
really enjoys Glee's version of Any way you want it ! 
If you haven't seen Chaplin i suggest you do . It's classic film at it's absolute finest . 
Cold hands , warm heart ... 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
I still remember the day i found out Canadian Bacon was just ham ...... completely shattered my entire universe . 
I don't know why you say goodbye , when i say hello 
Come to Mission : Improvible this weekend to see another spy filled comedy show at Salt Rock Coffee . Bring some new friends and introduce them to the way of the prov , and please help Salt Rock by purchasing one of the drinks from their wide variety of deliciousness . Drink of the week is the Butterfinger , so come get it for 10% off !! 
I got a lobotomy once ..... It was a no brainer . 
Dear Friday , You have no idea how glad i am to see you . Love - < PROPFIRST > 
My day has been made . 
TONIGHT ! Come watch < PROPFIRST > Rossander on the mic and celebrate the epic return of < PROPFEMALE > Corona as the Mission : Improvible cast entertains you for 2 hours of hilarious comedy . Help support Salt Rock and buy a delicious coffee or freshly made smoothie . Show starts at 9:30 and is only 5 dollars ! Anyone who buys a specialty drink at the cafe gets free hugs 
Longboarding for < PROPMALE > in SLC all day with some of my best friends ! 
30 hours without sleep and still going strong ! 
Oh ocean , i miss you . 
Let the only gravity between you and the stars , be your willingness to reach for it . 
Come see Hilarity House Productions ' Mission : Improvible this saturday at Salt Rock Coffee . There's a great cast list lined up this week with the hilarious Mr. < PROPFIRST > Rossander hosting . The show starts at 9:30 and is only 5 dollars at the door ! See you there ! 
Goodbye muffin . I will never forget you ... 
Tonight your mission is IMPROVIBLE . Come see your favorite funny people act out the craziest scenes at Salt Rock Coffee . Show starts at 9:30 pm and is only 5 dollars , that's cheaper than a movie folks . Also , come cool off your indian summer with Salt Rock's drink of the week , the frozen hot chocolate !! 
The key to happiness is finding it in places where it seems not to be 
To set the record straight . No , i did not dye my hair . 
Make sure you don't miss this weeks improv show as philly's M@& rocks the stage with M : I for two hours of hilarity . See you there ! 
If only college was as easy as mastering a patronus charm . I'd have that down !! 
Happy 108 day everyone . If you don't have a reason to celebrate it then find 108 things to do . 
< PROPFIRST > Fisher is the man 
A customer told me he was going to punch me in the face today . I don't know why but i smiled :) 
Had an awesome time with my friends at Nightmare on 13th last night . Now back to work and school ..... the nightmare continues . 
Non mi sento bene 
Dream until your dreams come true .... 
What are you doing tonight ? Mission : Improvible starts in T-minus two hours . Come see us for the best laughs in the WORLD ! 
I really want to see Due Date 
Dear crazy person , toilet paper does not come in \loaves . \ " The end " 
Anyone in < PROPFIRST > should check out Mission : Improvible playing with the Antics at 9 pm tonight ! It's going to be a good time . 
Free running ! 
1st sick day in almost 5 years . Oh , and the sky is falling . 
Group theatre project , conquered . Boo-yah ! 
really loves all his hilariously talented improv friends . 
Force unleashed 2 ! < PROPFEMALE > wars nerds unite 
Dear Utah water company . I would've really liked a shower this morning but you are outside our neighborhood messing with our water system . Kindly leave now and put everything back as it was . 
This weekend , Hilarity House Productions is having it's first annual Mission : Improvible halloween show ! This show is going to be huge , and it's the show you don't want to miss !!! All of your actors will be in costumes and you are invited to dress up . Prizes will be given for the best costume and FREE < PROPFEMALE > for errybody ! See you there ! 
got to dress up at work today . Yessss ! 
Nothing makes you feel more like a man than walking into Dillard's and asking for eyeliner . 
Come see Mission:Improvible's first halloween show tonight at 9:30 at Salt Rock Coffee . Tickets are only 5 dollars and there will be prizes for best costume so dress up ! You can also come to Salt Rock early and enjoy the FREE carnival they have going out in the parking lot . See you there ! 
Random acts of kindness : I challenge you to do something nice , big or small for someone this week . 
mmmmmmmmmmmeditation .......... 
has really wavy hair . 
just had a visit from < PROPMALE > Stromberg . Crazy how seeing an old friend can brighten your day . 
A study in the Washington Post says that women have better verbal skills than men . I just want to say to the authors of that study : ... DUH . 
Well hello , Monday .... We meet again . 
just got out of a workshop with a bunch of really talented improvisers . We have a show coming up on November 27th before the Mission : Improvible show starting at 7:30 pm . It's only 5 dollars plus your purchased ticket gets you into the Mission : Improvible show too ! That's twice the prov and twice the talented number of people . We'll see you there . 
< PROPFIRST>'s mongolian is my favorite restaurant ever 
is off to see Five Carols and Jingle Jacks with his favorite people ! 
great opening show < PROPFIRST>'s and < PROPFIRST>'s! 
Hey , i don't know if you've heard but northern utah's funniest improv troupe is playing tonight at 9:30 pm at Salt Rock Coffee on 12th street in Ogden . It's only 5 dollars to get in for hours of laughs . See you there ! 
Huge thanks to the over 130 people for making last night's show of M : I so great ! 
Happy birthday Dad !!! 
Happy 3rd birfday little < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Weight ! 
Happy hump day ! 
Ugh ...... 
VIP status at KEYS ! 
What a good night ! 
Thanksgiving and Christmas are coming up , and many families need YOUR help . The people at Mission : Improvible are raising 2800 pounds of food equal to all the actors weight . Bring your donation in and add to the scale . We are also accepting coats and hats . Come support a great cause . 
There's nothing like a 6 mile run to start your day off right . 
I HAVE to see < PROPMALE > Potter soon ! 
It's the week of Thanksgiving ! What are you thankful for ? 
Goodbye beautiful warm nights and clear skies .... Hello extreme downhill skiing and killer power-slides . WINTER IS HERE and i couldn't be more excited ! 
I am dressed like < PROPMALE > Potter right now by accident . 
Turkey Bowl ! 
I am thankful for every single person i have ever known and shared some part of my life with . Without all of you i wouldn't be who i am today . 
Two big shows tonight folks ! First at 7:30 is < PROPMALE > Nufrio and < PROPMALE > Dittmore's improv class battling it out . Tickets are only 5 dollars and that will also get you into the Mission : Improvible show held afterward . Come on out ! 
Two absolutely hilarious shows last night ! I sure know some funny people :) 
I have my zombie plan ready at a moments notice . What's yours ? 
Dolce far niente ! 
Pumpkin Spice Egg Nog ! 
has discovered a new talent .... cooking . 
La Ferrovia for dinner and class credit ? I love Italian . 
Nightmares are NOT the way i wanted to wake up at 3 in the morning ! 
Sundance Film Festival , January 20th-30th 2011 ! 
is excited for the events in the next few months . Life is looking great 
Come to Mission : Improvible , ( Northern Utah's funniest comedy improv troupe ) tonight ! If you bring in 5 cans of food you get a dollar off at the door . All donations go to the Ogden Rescue Mission . Show starts at 9:30 pm and is located at Salt Rock Coffee .... Mission : Improvible - So funny it's classified . 
The Dementors are breeding ... 
The woman helping me at The Home Depot has a bigger adams apple than i do .... CONFUSION ??? 
The last episode of The Walking Dead was EPIC 
Hooray for final completion ! 
The world needs less Ford Focuses and suspicious looking hooligans . That is all . 
Fly your flags at half mast today , or find your own way to pay your respects to our fallen heroes . December 7th , 1941 - Americas darkest day 
Buy a map . Throw a dart . 
Gunpowder , now that's a man's smell . 
Bruschetta is probably my favorite food ever . 
is watching the old school Batman . 
Come to Mission : Improvible tonight , and help celebrate one of our last saturday night shows before we make the switch to fridays we've got a great cast for you ! Show starts at 9:30 pm at Salt Rock Coffee ( 270 12th Street , Ogden , UT ) So funny it's classified ... 
Also this weeks drink from Salt Rock is the White Peppermint Mocha frappe . If you've never had christmas in a cup , now is your < PROPMALE > . 
Best . Show . Ever 
Tonight i will be on MSNBC at 7 pm . Tune in , watch , enjoy , and see if you can tell which characters i am out of all the blurred documentary images . 
Well ... They were mighty generous with those blurrs . 
Give everything , expect nothing 
< PROPFIRST > Bond 23 has been purchased and is back in pre-production , with a hopeful release date of 2012 .... Happiest day of my life . 
Be charitable and give to someone less fortunate than you . Become the hero you never thought you could . 
\All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered ; the point is to discover them\ " ~ Galileo Galilei " 
Come see Mission:Improvible's Ugly Sweater Show this saturday at Salt Rock ! Be a hero and bring in clothing and cans of food to donate to those in need and recieve a discount at the door . Also wear your ugliest sweater for our contest and try to win a prize ! 
TRON ! 
\Why don't you transform into a better driver . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > DeGennaro " 
has donned his ugly sweater and acquired food to donate at Mission:Improvible's Ugly Sweater Show and last show of the year ! Come help celebrate by giving a gift to the hungry , in exchange for the gift of laughter . Show starts at 9:30 pm at Salt Rock Coffee . 
you know you like halloween when you are already working on your costume for next year . 
Laugh as much as you breathe , and love as long as you live . 
Office pranks are fun :) 
Pretty sure i found a passageway to Narnia at work . I think i'm going to hide there for the rest of the day . 
Lay Lady Lay , new favorite song of all time . 
What a good friendsmas dinner ! I have the coolest friends around . 
Alzheimers is rampant in the world . Why do you think < PROPFEMALE > checks his list twice ? 
is on The Grid . 
A customer dropped off a cryptic letter today . I'm pretty sure they're insane , but i'm going to try to decipher it anyway . 
Dear Weber State , I hate your accuplacer test and i don't hate many things . Fix this problem . Disrespectfully yours - < PROPFIRST > 
I went to work this morning in Utah . I stepped out of work into Russia . 
GOT A PUPPY ! 
Well 2010 , it's been great and i've learned so much . But , unfortunately our time is done and 2011 looks to be infinitely better . So here's to looking forward ! 
just ate the biggest bowl of salad ever ! 
So two guys walk into a bar , proving < PROPMALE>'s theory of evolution to be correct . 
Customer called me < PROPFIRST > today and started humming the < PROPFIRST > Bond theme song . He may be insane but i consider it a compliment nonetheless . 
Tuition- $2500.00 , Parking- $90.00 , Books- $220.00 , Knowledge that if you fail any classes you'll be extremely poor for no reason-$Priceless 
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good . 
After long wait , Mission : Improvible returns TONIGHT ! Not only is this the best improv troupe in northern Utah but tonight it's FREE ! Show starts at 10:00 pm at Salt Rock Coffee . Come share the laughs with us . - So funny it's classified ... 
Over 275 people showed up to Mission : Improvible tonight , and when i say 275 i mean 9,000 ! Great job everyone ! 
Almost sushi time with some of my besties ! 
Burn Notice : Great plot lines , HORRIBLE actors . 
I LOVE Dinner for Schmucks . 
I intend to live forever- so far so good 
I fell asleep at lunch for 5 minutes but it seemed like an hour . Also i had a crazy dream , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > DiCaprio were there . No big deal . 
Life is like an onion : you peel it off one layer at at time and at times , you weep . 
Let's stay best friends until we are old and senile . Then we'll be NEW best friends . 
I don't know about you , but the Bahamas look mighty tempting right about now . 
Mission:Improvible's second Friday show of the year will kick off right with a stellar cast . Yours truly , < PROPFIRST > , Aidan , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > with < PROPFIRST > on the mic . Show starts Friday at 10 pm and is only $5 . See you there ! 
Apparently I'm now a Taurus ? I call bull on that one . 
The weather is unpredictable , your zodiac has changed , we live in an unsure world . Luckily there's Mission : Improvible , GUARANTEED to play every Friday at 10pm and CERTAIN to make you laugh . See you tonight ! 
Also tonight , we've got awesome merch including personalized buttons with each nights actors pictures and shirts for sale ! 
will be doing a workshop today from 2-4pm at Salt Rock Coffee . The workshop is free for all curious about the ways of the prov . Come check it out ! 
Sushi-for-lunch-YEAH ! 
RDJ stealing the show at the < PROPFEMALE > Globes . I admire that man 
An Idiot Abroad looks so good . 
That's what she said huh ? I don't know who '' SHE '' is , but she has a rather foul mouth . 
Guten Abend 
I LOVE Sundance . That is all . 
Dear deep breather , For your own safety , kindly stop doing meditation and breathing exercises in my classroom behind me . I have a strong urge to punch you . 
enjoys pretending to be < PROPMALE > and famous . Now on to the real thing . 
is off to Weber State to see some of his favorite people !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Wiig is soooo funny . 
Just in case you forget my name , I'll write it in the stars for you . 
is juicing blood oranges . No biggie 
is pondering if he's crazy enough to try the polar bear swim . 
Come to Mission : Improvible tonight as < PROPMALE > Nufrio , Aidan Steenblik , < PROPFEMALE > Maki , < PROPFIRST > DeGennaro , < PROPMALE > ua Goodman , and < PROPMALE > M Uribe Jr rock the stage with your host < PROPFIRST > Rossander ! You don't want to miss this cast of stellar comedians . See you tonight ! 
What an amazing show tonight . If you haven't seen our incredibly talented performers , you are missing out ! 
will be taking the plunge this morning for the Ogden City Winterfest's polar bear swim . Come join in or check it out 
Farewell < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
According to my fortune cookie , my lost possession will be found within the month . Which is great , i was worried I'd never find that million dollars . 
Still hasn't seen the final < PROPMALE > Potter movie and has to see it now . Otherwise i will continue having horecrux dreams , the end . 
Tonights Mission : Improvible is going to rock ! 5 dollars for 1.5 hours with northern Utah's funniest people ? You can't beat that ! 
Office prank day :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s with awesome people and then over to Mission : Improvible . I dare tonight to be better 
is at the pharmacy , picking up his prescription for more cowbell . 
'' Late for work '' does not work in real-life scenarios . 
is at the Gateway watching a world record attempt for the most children stuffed in an elevator . Will they reach 13 ? 
< PROPFIRST > Brand is a funny man 
I love Valentines Day ! 
convinced a co-worker today that the beeping sound she heard on the phone was a government agency tracing the call .... Sometimes i really love my job . 
has some really talented friends . Good prov night ! 
It's so < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > Poppins is having a horrible day I'm sure . 
Northern Utah's funniest improv troupe is playing tonight ! Come see all of your favorites turn up the funny for two hours on the Salt Rock Coffee stage ! See you tonight ! 
MGM is set to make a RoboCop reboot . 
'' The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it , but what they become by it . '' - < PROPFIRST > Ruskin 
Tonight's show come see < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Aidan and I rock the Salt Rock stage with < PROPMALE > Nufrio on the mic ! Bring your friends and you could be the one picked to play a game on stage . See you there ! 
360 on the freeway and a perfect recovery at 45 . Yeah , I'm currently living a Bond movie . 
Loves , loves , loves me some Black Keys 
Well hello motorcycle weather . I have really missed you . :) 
About to go on stage at Mo's bar and grill ! Hello SLC ! 
Improv tonight folks ! Come see < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Nufrio , and I rock the stage in hilarious fashion with < PROPMALE > Dittmore on the mic ! 
The brain tells the mind what to do . 
enjoys answering the phone at work in British :) 
Come see all your Mission : Improvible friends light up the stage tonight at Salt Rock Coffee ! You can also watch the show in your brand new M : I t-shirt for only 10 bucks ! 
That was SO FUN ! Huge thanks to our talented actors and to everyone who came out to laugh with us . Your support is the best ! 
is excited to learn the ways of the prov with < PROPMALE > Dittmore tonight . 
This morning on my way to work a man pulled up next to me and began yelling at me from inside his truck for no apparent reason . I promptly turned and licked my window while waving and laughing . The look of sheer confusion on his face was priceless . 
will be running the tech tonight for Mission : Improvible which starts at 10 pm at Salt Rock . Come suggest some sweet < PROPFEMALE > rock for our St Patties day show ! 
is bowling for < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
Hump day ! 
Come WIN with Mission : Improvible tonight ! The show starts at 10 pm and is going to be epic ! Also , enjoy a green apple smoothie during the show . They're so good and 10 percent off ! 
