Out with old in with the new . Happy old years and happy new year to you all . 

We made ! the world has not end . A new year to do new things . Live your life like it started today . 
Finally The < PROPMALE > has arrived to FaceBook ! 
The night closes down upon us like a shadow of an unseen being . We can not change things we cannot control . We just have to embrace it . But fear not the sun is on it way ! We have a new day to get things doen . 
The sons of the Father shall rise ? like the Phoenix from the ashes .. Ascending to the right hand of the Kings of Kings , Lord of Lords , Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judea .. A thousand years is but a day to the father and time is just a moment . 
Takin over the world one day at a time . 
I pave my own way in life . Neaver a follower , always a leader . To the haters in the whole you will always see my back . Cause Im always one step ahead of you . 
They say neaver turn ur back on your enemies , but I do cause I fear no man or beast . \ 
Im always moving forward . So my enemies are left behind me staring at my Back . 
Fuck the world . Get money . Thats the only thing that makes me happy ! Cause it can buy all I < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
heaven is a mile away . just spread ur wings and have faith . It will take you there . 
Yeah I once again changed my Name . Im gona keep this one dow . cause these 3 are part of my whole name . ( yeah its alot , I know ) 
Money is not everthing . If it was we would eat , drink , breate and shit money . And we would neaver run out of it ! 
Just went back in time and saw Passion Of The Christ . \ 
That movie is really Deep ! He die for us . And people dont believe in him ! \ 
So Fuck the non believers ! I Love Jesus Christ !!!!! 
Once again I journey threw pain and ink 
just came from a good workout . Another work day ahead of me . \ 
But First PS3 Baby !!!! 
Another day of work day in hell . When will my torment be over . 
When people hate you and mistreat you . Remember one thing . \ 
They hated him first ! So If they could hate the lord than who am I not to follow in his foot steps . So hate me as much as you like . My rewards are in heaven . 
Looks like im married to trouble . Cause It always follow me . \ 
Yeah you guessed it Im in trouble again . 
When it rains with pours . When it snows it storms . This is what you do . grab an umbrella and a coat . And Just wait it out . It does not rain all the time . 
Tomorrow is never promised . Not even later today . So grab the bull by the horns and embrace your < PROPFEMALE > . Cause you might not have another < PROPMALE > . 
You show me a good man and i will show you a woman who does not see him . 
I saw < PROPFIRST > Q the other day . I was really touch by that movie . \ 
How many off yall will do what ever it takes including diein for your love ones ? 
They say school days is the best days . That statement is so true ! Back then you did not have a care in the world . Just go to school and have fun with your friends . Now years have past and its just a memory . But i still think about my school days . 
My nephew is a friday 13th Baby !!!!!! 
know matter where I go or what I do . Im TRINI to the bone ! 
Not everyone that smile with you are your friends . They smile but they not really happy when you make movements towards a better life . You need to find out who ur true friends are , and Keep them close . Cause good friends are hard to come by . As for the rest of them . If They not with you , they are against you . Get rid of them like the garbage they are ! 
Just finished watch Avatar . Greatest movie I seen in a look time .!!!!!! \ 
If you have not seen it , you are missin out . Its a got to see flick !!! 
With my back against the wall facing a army of Haters been on my destruction . I fear no evil for my Heavenly Father is with me . \ 
Jah Jah heals all , protects all and care for all . 
Finally back on days . I was tired as hell today . Im still on that night mood . 
I throw up the East even dow im a savage beast form the West Indies ! 
The Prez is about to end the war overseas . \ 
The troops are finally coming home !!!!! 
It cost us 7 hundred billion dollars for that war in Iraq . \ 
I guest know we can use that money to build up usa . 
finally on leave . chillin with da family . 
Enjoyin time with my la familia 
Im likin it out here . Da kid gonna become a country boy soon enuff . 
Time for a new chapter in my life to begin . 
Good things come to does who wait . Those who give < PROPMALE > will capture their prey . Those who seek they surely will find . 
Me and Trouble are soulmates . We are met to be . Cause we always seem to find each other . You guess it . Da Kidd is in trouble can . 
Changes always happens wheather you like it or not . Just roll with punches and keep it moving . You a loser if u just give up and fell sorry for yourself . 
Dang we flooded as fuck out here in VA ! When is this gonna end ! 
With my back against the wall , surounded my haters and enemies that plot my down fall . \ 
There is a spot light shinning down from the heavens on my poor soul . I am comforted and I gain strength . For I know The Lord is with me . And I am his faithfull servant . So he will guide and protect me from all you haters and enemies ! For The Lord is with me , no enemies can stand against me . 
F < Man of his word > 
The Lord walks with you threw out ur whole life . When you think he is not around and you cant find him any where . He is Carrying You threw the most difficult times of your life and he is making you stronger for the more difficult times ahead . ( what dont kill you make you stronger . ) 
If I fell and I woke up in the valleys of hell . Where can I find the stairway to Heaven ? 
Life is what you make it . If you dont make movements how do you expected to succeed in life ? If you dont try then you will always be thinking what if . 
Why the fuck cant women make up their minds ? 
You dont trust someone only by the words they say . But also by their actions . \ 
Because if there words and actions dont match up , then there is a big problem ! 
Im tired of fake ass niggaz out here in these streets . They claim to be ur homie , but they really not . So Im treat yall niggaz like roaches and get rid of yall . If the cap fits , Where it bitches ! 
The countdown to armageddon is close at hand . 20 days and I will invade the south . \ 
it will be the beginning of the hostle takeover of the south . East Coast Back In Affected ! 
Life is full of lessons . Sometimes you learn from ur mistakes , sometimes you are doom to repeat them . You should learn a lesson after the 3rd time . 
be carefull who you trust . Cause that might be ur enemy in disguise . they pretend to be ur friend only to get close to you , and you drop ur guard . Then like a viper they will strike quick and fatal ! putting that knive deep into ur back . 
The countdown to a new life awaits me . New place , new people to me , new things to do . Always forward moving neaver back tracking . 
All military members .. prior service and currently on active duty , \ 
national guard , and reserves .. show your pride and respect for the \ 
fallen .. change your display pic to one of you in uniform .. leave it there\ 
unti after Veterans Day .. < PROPFEMALE > we fight for you ...! 
fuck Call of Duty . Yall dont want to see me in Fight Night ! 
Sometimes im to fucking real for people . I say the things out loud that people only thing about . I do the things that people only dream about . Im a real motherfucker that do what i want and say what i want and any given moment . U can call me the X-Factor 
watchin raw . People are fake ! Wrestleing is Real !!!! 
The Invasion of the south begins . Doomdays in 7 days . I begin da east to the dirty south . We taking over . 
Breaking news the Tropical Storm S . Bastien is on its way to Tennessee . It will be there in 7 days . Total Chaos is a most . who they ready for the likes of me . Casue they aint neaver seen a elemental force from da West Indies . 
Well my peps . Im about to leave soon . To all da people im cool with , best wishes to yall . Its been fun . To da Haters and phoney people out there . Yall know who yall are . Fuck you ! Hope you drown in da pool of ur own negetive ! If I see yall again in life , Gunshot to ur fuck head bitches ! 
Happy thanking to all my people & fam ! 
Meant to say happy thanksgiving . Yall know what da fuck i mean . 
They tried to assassinate ur boy ! But they did not . It takes more than a stomach bug to stop me ! Tried again haters ! 
Free at last ! Free at last ! 
thank you to all those wishing me a happy birthday . Im really touched by yall comments . 
yeah u knew it . I aint no one minute man . I poke over and over again . 
I aint Mr. stealyourgirl . Im Mr. Fuckyourgirl . Cause i dont want to keep her . I just want to fuck her in her dirty hoe-mouth . How my nuts taste Bitches ! 
Shit happens for a reason . Either to build you up or fuck you up ! But the thing is what are you gonna do . Get up and fight harder . Or be like a bitch lie down and continue to get fucked ! 
life is about learning from past mistakes and not repeating them . after that we just bide our time here and then we just die . sometimes life suck ! 
The way I see it you go down a path in life for a reason . It makes you stronger for the tuffer shit ahead . So learn ur lessona know matter what they might 
the devil is always in the mood for mind games . Always showing things you really want but cant uptain at that moment . From now on I say fuck the devil im just take what the fuck i want . So If you now for the cause than fuck you to . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas and have a happy new year to all my homies and family members . 
Waiting on da new year to begin . So i can be reborn and start a new . 
Its a new year , for new things . Trying to get up kama right . Putting da haters behind me and Jah Jah B4 me . All my West Indian Massvie do you feel me ?! 
I do what i do , when I do , how I do and i dont give a fuck what you klowns think ! \ 
My Life Is For Me To Live How I See Fit . If you aint with this then fuck you to . BiITCHES ! 
Watched the Game last night . It was off the chain . But it was kind of crazy to . 2 years later and everyone has changed so much . If I was Tete I would knock < PROPMALE > ass out . Just Like what < PROPFIRST > did to his moma . 
In The Shadows Plotting against Haters and Devils . I strike faster than a Cobra and my venom is 10 times more toxic ! You wont c coming it till the very last moment , When i pounce on ur worthless lives . Qutoe Campo nevermore meaning !!!!! 
Sometimes I Think Death gotta be easy , because life is hard . It will leave you physically , mentally and emotionally scarred . 
went to < PROPFEMALE > garden and had a blast . 
b^atb^h a nigga slippin , then his blood start drippin . This fool want to < PROPMALE > , but he out of luB^k . BSG ! 
The way I see it . You make me famours the more you talk about me . Those who dont know me now they because of you . So continue talking about me so more people could know my name and know who I'm . I thank you for being my Hater ! 
Just like the Phoenix Bird . I raise from my ashes and reborn and twise as wise . So da ur traps would not affect me a second time . You build a better trap I create a wiser mouse . Quote the < PROPFEMALE > nevermore ! 
Im still fly , Im sky high and dare anybody to try cut my wings ! Im still shutting blocks down evertime I come around . Haters Im still doing my thing ! 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=TE0rJ52Z55zvNLT8h83h\ 
\ 
_frsthgl 
U every craved something u neaverhad ? so how do u know if its good for u ? or meant for u ? 
Another day gone . Another day to come . \ 
Mr. X factor 
New day for new things . Lets get it ! 
bazzville99 
