IS ENGAGED !! 

why yes , I am checking facebook at noon in my underwear ! It's my day off ... 
\Tampa 911 what's the nature of your emergency ? \ " \ " BILLY MAYS HERE !!!!! I THINK I MA ... \"" 
Let's be married here today , these rushing waves to bare our witness ... 
has a growing problem . 
and < PROPMALE > are probably going kayaking tomorrow ? 
demands cooler weather . HE DEMANDS IT ! 
Go away bird teacher I've had enough 
God kills . 
bow and pray to the neon god you made . 
does realize that he sometimes drunkenly quote songs that you may not have ever heard . But he's heard them , and frankly , thats all that matters . Also , fuck you ! 
The bible belt is an article of clothing worn around one's neck , reducing much needed bloodflow to the brain cells . 
is poking the bear . 
<3 Obama .... that is , President Obama . 
Sore throats just piss me off . 
In the eyes of a virus , a church is a playground . 
was just practicing his speech on his dog - and he yawned ! I guess he's not all that interested in how to build a snow cave . Makes sense , not having thumbs and all ... 
\JUST GIVE THE GIRAFFE THE FUCKING FOOD ! \ " < PROPFIRST > Wright " 
is throwing a pouty fit .. 
You know your college doesn't have a football team when all the baseball players are man-whores . 
Can't text because his phones broken , for the meantime STOP TEXTING 
Fall is here !!! !!! 
is in a foul mood . 
, the infedel , has just ( drunkenly ) created the mother of all ringtones ... 
Misses his old life ... 
Tuck Fexas 
playin with my new macbook ... no big deal 
is on his way to Seattle ... 
\God Damn I Love Me \"" 
\If the damned gave us a road map then we'd know just were to go \"" 
already thinks his english professor ( although very attractive ) should go play in traffic somewhere . 
Would like to thank professor < PROPFEMALE > for being so monotone ; professor Ridenour for turning your head as I play solitair through your ENTIRE class ( because not doing so would result in me completing my shortened nights sleep ); professor Dixon for the endless number of impossibly mind numbing essay topics ; and professor McCracken for being too old and lazy to teach for an entire class period . 
Jesus , what did you do the three days you were dead ? Because my problems tend to last more than a weekend ... 
HEEEEEEEYYY ... hell DOES freeze over . 
\Nothing says ' I love you ' more than a superficial and overvalued rock clawed from the guts of the earth by african slave labor \"" 
Man created God in his own image 
is having REAL trouble staying motivated in school ... 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
is drinking in the last few minutes of his b-day , watching Finland and Czechoslovakia 
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant ?? I'm halfway through my fish burger and I realize , Oh man .... I could be eating a slow learner 
< PROPFIRST > is about to end his week of sobriety a little early ... 
\Bare thy bosoms or make hasty egress \"" 
uses a machete to cut through red tape . 
would you rather have a Michelin Man arm , or a Lobster Claw ? 
\Why keep throwing punches when you know that I've won ? \"" 
Totally forgot about \A Boy With No Name\ " by Travis ... which rules .. " 
almost cried watching the last bit of the Stars game ... 
walking the dog , < PROPMALE > Appreciation , work ... another day I'll never get back 
would sell his soul to know when the new Floater album is coming out . 
Just made < PROPFIRST > Wright go pee-pee in his wittle panties ... 
State bird or no , it's almost 2am and I'm about to shoot the mockingbird outside my window . 
So you think Hitler was evil ? Compare the number of people he killed versus the how many have killed or died in the name of God . 
Hey Twilight enthusiasts , back in my day Vampires sucked blood not < PROPMALE > . 
had forgotten how awesome it is to get completely trashed and watch \Life\ " on the Discovery Channel . " 
just listened to the new Floater songs online , and creamed his pants ... 
if anyone asks why I wasn't in class today , tell them I broke both my legs and had to be shot . 
two finals today , and good fucking riddance ! 
If there was a God , we would be watching the 21st season of Seinfeld right now . 
I FUCKING HATE TEXAS . 
Off to Big Bend N.P Back on Sunday . 
is trying to assimilate back into society . 
still not drunk enough . 
Mama , I don't wanna die . Sometimes wish I'd never been born at all 
So much for the mountain bike ride .. oh well , watching the rain with coffee is just as good . 
YOU LOSE PRONGER !!!!! HAHAHA . FUCK EVERYTHING ABOUT PHILIDELPHIA !!!! 
is brewin ' some beer ! 
I'm a legless thing that lives to run . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Nieuwendyke , you were my favorite < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and now I wish you were never born . 
just found out that his best friend from Reno is getting married at the end of the month ! congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! thanks for not returning any of my calls for the last year , or inviting me to your wedding . Have a good life together . I dont know why it had to be this way . \ 
\ 
Going on a bike ride to decompress . Then hitting the bourbon .. 
In some respects I suspect you've got a respectable side . 
is going to forget he lives in TX or get alcohol poisoning trying ... 
I am a nation of one , you are a nation of many . Thus making you divisible and subject to me . 
\Silver-dollar nipples . Now that's what I'm talkin ' about \"" 
is bringin ' home the ... Washingtons ? 
\Which day did God create all the fossils ? \"" 
says ; The hard work of one accomplishes more than the prayers of one-million . 
conquered Wheeler Peak NM , 13,161 ft ... 
Granny , you put the SPICE in Hospice ! 
For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son , who's teachings unleashed wars , bred bigotry , and brought peace of mind to those too ignorant to break it's mold , and will leave the human race in ruins . Sooner rather than later . 
really , really , REALLY hates college . 
God did not create man in His image , man created God in his . 
Moving back to Texas was the worst decision I have ever made . Period . 
Oktoberfest !!! 
Woke up around noon , fell back asleep during the Cowboy game , went to Oktoberfest and got tanked/filled up on < PROPMALE > food , came home and took a nap until now . It's going to be a looong night . 
at Opening < PROPFEMALE > , finally catching up on school ... 
what a great place the world would be if we could only learn to walk it with our eyes open . 
wants to freeze himself and be thawed on November 13th . I can't take the wait ... 
it's 5:30 , still can't sleep .... going to skate . 
it's state-fair-thirty !! 
curse you college papers , curse you ... 
She looks like the real thing ; she tastes like the real thing ... 
Dad says : no dinosaurs ever , evolution = everything progresses , I'm shallow because I don't have jesus , and drinking is not sinful . \ 
Jury says : dad is ignorant . 
the beatings will continue until morale improves . 
Q : How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb ? \ 
A : To get to the other side ! 
Get the fuck out ! New Decemberists album 1/11/11 ....!!! !!! 
WOW ! I mean , there's winning , and then there's what the < PROPFIRST > Stars did to the Pittsburg Penguins ... 
the dude abides .. 
\if I rise . One more try \"" 
just found the most epic picture on the internets ... so I temporarily made it my profile pic . 
To the kid at the grocery store asking me to donate to his church : I'm sorry for being an asshole , I should have just said no ... 
A wild pack of family dogs has invaded my home . 
Delicious Pad Thai 
\I had a nightmare : I lived in a little town . \"" 
In Reno ... 
B .. B-A .. B-A-N-A-N-A-S !! 
“And when you pray , do not be like the hypocrites , for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others . Truly I tell you , they have received their reward in full . 6 But when you pray , go into your room , close the door and pray to your Father , who is unseen . Then your Father , who sees what is done in secret , will reward you . \ ( < PROPFIRST > 6:5 -6 ) " 
Of the dirt you're made , and to the dirt you will return . 
Message me with current email and mailing address if you'd like to attend my wedding in June !! 
Goddam arm broke on me again ... 
RIP Cookie . Best puppy we could have asked for . 5/11/10 - 2/1/11 
If I ever become president , I vow to designate < PROPFIRST > , Texas as a nuclear test range . 
Need a decent DJ and Photographer for my wedding on June 18 . Please respond if you can do this or know somebody who can would rather give my money to someone who needs it . 
HAS FUCKING DECEMBERISTS TICKETS ! BITCH WHAT ? 
wishes his TomTom had an \Avoid Ghetto\ " option . " 
