sssllllleeeepppp 

i'll be there in the back of your mind , from the day we met to you makin me cry , and it's just too bad you've already had the best days , the best days of your life :-P 
she wears short skirts , i wear t-shirts . she's cheer captian , i'm on the bleachers dreamin bout the day that you wake up and find what you're lookin for has been here the whole time 
black < PROPFEMALE > rum and blue mountian dew inspire me to create midget farms . 
i HATE the new computer system at work ! Apparently the feeling is mutual , too . 
Tell me what to do , you know i can't see through the haze around me . 
the things i come up with when drinking too much coffee ... wow ... 
sometimes i wish i could be a fly on the wall of some people's minds . 
tried to make an event thingy , think i did it wrong ... either way , saturday is the night where everyone is invited to come drink with me at my house . Let me know if you're comin . 
my arms are two differnt colors ... damn you driver's side window ! you tempt me so to roll you down and feel the wind blow back my hair only to make me multi-colored ! 
oh heart ... why do you bleed so .... 
Give me reason , but don't give me choice . I'll just make the same mistake again . 
good news ! i'm back to normal again ! Hit me up for Party of Champions part 2 and let me know if ya'll wanna go for another round on saturday ! 
yeah ... totally last minute , but hey . Invite ppl again if you want . 
oh facebook ... why do you do things i dont tell you to do ? 
Check out the new address for the party tonight and let me know if you need directions . 
so this morning i woke up with < PROPFEMALE > Speirs in my head ... and then i looked for the gun ... 
been alone too long ... starting to come up with crazy schemes involving papyas and a shamwow ... 
woke up with Offspring in my head this morning . i think that is God's way of making up < PROPFEMALE > Speirs to me . 
my job makes me want to hit things ... 
ooohh i make you laugh , and you make me cccrrryyyy ... i believe it's time for me to FLLLLYYYYY 
i always have time for my Joshie !!! Dude , i text you like 3 times in the last few weeks and never heard anything back ... you always yell at me that i never talk to you and when i do you ignore me . when i see you , your ass is grass bro ! 
why is it that whenever i comment back to someone writting on my wall it becomes my status ??? 
who wants to start a band ???????? 
being a clutz sucks ! 
with the amount of falling i do , i'm suprised any company will really insure me . what are they thinking ??? 
my biggest goal in life is to be the < PROPFIRST > to someone's Thunder Road . 
train , roll on down the line . Please take me far away . 
that's when i knew that i could never have you , i knew that before you did , but i'm the one that's stupid .. and there's this burning , like there's always been . i've never been so alone , i've never been so aliiiiivvvveee 
note to self ... no matter how hard you wish , chicken will always be rubbery when nuked the next day , and rice will always be dry :( 
i lover Emerly's haaaaaaiiiiiirrrrr 
That's right boys and girls ! Playing < PROPMALE > is official now !!!!! Anyone know a bassist that wants to join a totally cool band ?? perhaps a drummer ??? 
they canceled Areosmith ... i'm a sad < PROPFEMALE > 
wow ... had super fun yesterday :) 
i have decided that in all the pictures posted of me from < PROPFEMALE>'s party i look like i am wasted ( which i was ) and had a really bad accident with some sun-in . I need this hair thing remedied NOW ! 
F*ING PISSED !!!!! i swear to God if he were here right now he'd be toast ! 
i've gotta feeling that tonight's gonnnnaaa be a gooooddd niiigggghhhhtt 
sooooo tired .... 
It's not who wears the pants , it's who wears the skirt :D 
no ball , nor chain , nor prison shall keep , we're the rebels of the sacred heart 
AAAAAAIIIIIIRRRRRRROOOOOONNNNN eat your eggs ! tee < PROPFEMALE > 
watchin ghostie shows !!! wwwoOoOoO ( that's what ghosts sound like ) 
definately sang journey at the top of our lungs and danced in the street in the middle of the city last night . i call that accomplishment 
omg wtf ... completely annoyed right now 
apparently when it rains , it pours ... ugh 
just have to laugh ... it's the only way to deal with stupidity . 
oh goodness ... i need more sleep 
so super happy :) 
three little birds , perched by my doorstep . singing sweet songs , of melodies pure and true , sayin \this is my mesage to you-o o-o o \"" 
tee < PROPFEMALE > he wants to keep me forever :) :) 
i'm tired and do not feel good ... i want my bed/couch and someone to baby me .... takers ? 
ahhh relaxation . so nice ... so nice ... 
omg ... i think i may like cutler ... like enough to give him a baby . hopefully he plays this well all season . 
listening to < PROPFIRST > Cash , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > topherson , < PROPMALE > Jennings , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > sing about highway men/sailors/dam builder/starship flyers ... i wish i was that cool . 
I'm pretty sure that < PROPFIRST > and I are the most amazing people in the world when we think together . People need to meet us . :) 
i pick up my smile , put it in my pocket , hold it for a while , try not to have to drop it . 
what can i say ? he is just the most amazing , wonderful , fantastic , adorable , caring , kind guy in the entire world ... OH did i mention he was AMAZING ??? I honestly could not be happier . 
great weekend with my faaaaaannnntttaaassstttiiiccc bf ... now i need sleep . like ... right now ... 
stick your hand into my back pocket , light me up like a bottle rocket , i just wanna free fall for a while 
Yay Friday !!!!! Super duper busy this weekend ! 
i just want to go home and curl in a ball . 
good end to a bad day yesterday . I think things are going to be just fine :) 
RAWR 
The senoritas don't care-o when there's no dinero 
Due to my lack of balance/sense of danger , i have yet again fallen . I have a few ideas on how to forever remidy this problem of mine . They involve bubble wrap , a body guard , a trench coat , and crime fighting skills . 
this ... is .... :: kick :: SSSPPPPAAARRRTTTAAA ! 
is changing her last name to Wray because she is obviously not a Benson ... her family makes sure of that . 
if it's not one thing , it's another . the story of life . 
lalalalalala bamba 
i think i feel a cold coming on 
decided it's not a cold ... i think i'm just allergic to my job . literally . there is something in this building that is killing me slowly ... besides my work load 
lead me not into temptation ... i can find it on my own . 
From now on , i will only answer to \Elinore < PROPFEMALE > Cummingsworth\ " That is my classy lady name " 
not really sure why people are all upset about the Obama getting the NPP thing ... if for nothing else , it gives people around the world a new perspective on our country and a respect that was lost because of the Bush administration . 
heyyy soul sista , aint that mista mista on the radio , sterio , the way you move aint fair ya know . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I have come to the conclusion that our lives are just one big cosmic joke ... therefore , we are making a movie about how cracked out it all is and we are calling it \Are You Freaking Kidding Me ? \ " It will be number 1 . " 
Give me reason , but don't give me choice , cause I'll just make the same mistake again . 
And today was a day just like any other ... 
trouble , trouble , trouble , trouble . seems like everytime i get back on my knees she comes around and knocks me down again . 
I've got dreams , dreams , to remember . 
the heat is broken in my office ... my nose is cold ... 
i guess i'm a good complainer ... they called someone out to fix the heat ... now my nose is toasty warm 
my iPod spooks me sometimes ... it's almost like it knows what i'm thinking about 
who wants to go see Paranormal Activity on Saturday at Showplace in Naperville ???? huh ??? 
update ! Paranormal Activity ... TONIGHT ... 7:30 at Naperville Showplace ... Come get scared with < PROPFEMALE > and me ! 
work is killing my life 
scary movies and drinking ... no matter how you slice it ( no pun intended ) tonight is destined for greatness ! 
so ... paranormal activity scareed me in the theatre ... and terrified me when it was time to go to bed . < PROPFEMALE > and i slept with a flashlight on . yeah . we're those girls 
oh so friggin tired ... 
update ... i am tired ... and i cant breathe . 
well , there was a time you let me know , what's really going on below , but now you never show that to me do you ? but remember when i moved in you , and the holy dove was moving too , and every breath we < PROPFIRST > was hallelujah ? hallelujah . 
i've decided to write a book based on my amazing advice to people in the men department ( and every other aspect in life ) . It will kind of be like sex and the city , only better cause it's from me 
I've seen your flag on the marble arch , Love is not a victory march , It's a cold and it's a broken Hallelujah 
decided that for my work Halloween costume , i am gonna be a glam rocker . i even found bright blue leopard print leggings . heeeellllll yeah 
so , on top of the awesomeness of my Glam Rocker idea for halloween at work , i have also discovered that facebook speaks pirate ... and that just shivers me timbers 
interesting day ... never thought i'd have a gay man ( who is also my boss ) try to take off my pants , but wonders never cease . 
i have halloweenified my house :) 
tired ... sneezing ... want to go home . 
ARG work you kill my life ! 
you just have to see her , you just have to see her , you just have to see her , you know that she'll break you in two . 
i'm not lost , just undiscovered 
just friggin shoot me ! 
They're gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books to make a citizen out of you , cause they sleep with a gun , and keep an eye on you son , so they can watch all the things you do 
pipe burst at work . Spent an hour or so helping muck up dirty , icky water . Had to throw out my socks , but get to wear flip flops at work , so i guess that's a perk right ? 
soooo much hairspray .... soo much .... 
i <3 my new mascara 
i ... am ... PISSED 
having a better day today ... so far ... thanks to my mommy and my oh so very drunk last night grandma . I love my family :) 
Ugh ... when it rains , it monsoons .... 
I need a win-dixxie grocery bad full of money right now to the VIP SEEEECCCTTTIIOOONNN ! 
oh tired . i think my house is haunted ... or i'm crazy ... or both ... either way ... 
if you left it up to me , every day would be a holiday from real . 
who wants to bring me mucinex ???? 
i think a nap is in order ... 
i just made my mucinex box say \MuciJESUS\ " cause < PROPFEMALE > and I decided that this was indeed Jesus in medicine form " 
i want to be at home eating pancakes , drinking chocolate milk , and watching cartoons ... 
In vain I blame my trembling on the cold air , And I can't hide that I relied on you , Like yellow does on blue 
philisophical thought of the day by < PROPFEMALE > Benson .... Everyone should always be knee deep in hookers . 
Philisophical thought of the day by < PROPFEMALE > Benson ... extremely skinny girls with big noses will always be bitchy . They are mad because nothing will go past their beak and they are hungry . Offer them a straw and some puree and maybe you can make the world a better place ... one skinny bitch at a time :) 
in preperation for tomorrow .... the philisophical thought of the day will be .... People who talk too much eventually find themselves without teeth . :) 
NEW philisophical thought of the day by < PROPFEMALE > Benson .... Never base decisions off a flamingo . 
and if all the world was perfect , i would only ever want to see your scars . you know , they can have their universe , we'll be in the dirt designing stars . darling you know that you make me feel so beautiful . 
but if life stayed the way it was , if lovers never fell out of love , if memories didnt last so long , if nobody did nobody wrong , if we knew what we had before it was gone , if every road lead back home , this would be the very last country song 
totally just realized that Boys Like Girls stole the intro from TEB's \Motorcycle Driveby\ " for their new song ... I'm very conflicted right now as I like both songs ... " 
is aggrevated with the people she works with . How is it that people are so greedy ? Apparently impoverished children aren't worth the 30 bucks and 10 minute trip to Wal-Mart it would take to get a gift for < PROPFEMALE > . I think it's time to break out the guilt card .... 
Okay , not so annoyed anymore . Turns out there are more good people here than there are the ones that make smart ass comments about the good things people try to do . Plus , my mommy is going to be giving too :) 
Someday they'll find your small town world on a big time avenue , gonna make you like the way their talkin to you , gonna make you break out of your shell cause they tell you to , gonna make you like the way they lie , better than the truth , they'll tell you everything you wanted someone else to say , they're gonna break your heart , yeah 
And she swears there's nothing wrong , I hear her play that same old song , She puts me up and puts me on , I had a bad day again . 
is tired of drama . 
Cause i am not a force to be reckoned with , and you dont have a clue who your messin with 
i wish i was at home , on my couch , with my puppy dog , watching TV and snoozing ... 
i have a strange hankering for a McDonald's hashbrown ... lol < PROPFEMALE > knows my feeling 
gonna start a sled dog team ... mya and < PROPMALE > are gonna pull a sled around town and i'm gonna sell tickets to mom's with small kids that want to ride the dog sled . It will be the talk of Minooka ! It will also be the only way that anyone will get anywhere in a town that doesnt believe in snow plows 
oh , I'll , tell you somethin , I think you'll understand , when I say that somethin , I wanna hooolllddd your hhaaannnnd . I wanna hold your haaannndddd , I wanna hold your haaannnddd . :) the beatles :) 
so , last night we beat ridge road ... almost got into an accident , couldnt see 10 ft infront of our faces for most of the time , and slid a little , but we made it ... this morning the road taht the warehouse is on was blocked on one side by an accident and the other side by a stalled semi . We almost hit a fire hydrant in the parking lot ... and i was late ... i think today needs to start over again so i can call in sick . 
look how pretty she is , when she falls down , now there's no beauty in bleeding mascara , lips are quivering , like a withering < PROPFEMALE > , she's back again 
i think it's time for some shenanigans :) 
well .... can't say there is a lack of interesting people or events in my life . 
Soooo ..... left my cell at home today . I feel a little lost . 
Dear Any Disney/Molly Ringwald Movie Ever Made , Fuck off Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
hates being poor 
wants to go home and watch Casablanca ... but i cant ... cause i have that pesky thing called a job ... then < PROPFEMALE > and i have to go get worked out for New Years ... ugh ... 
so ... only i can go work out ... which sucks ... someone should give me motivation 
Bite me Ridge Road ! I was triumphant ! 
last day , then 4 day weekend !!!! yay !! 
having a wonderful day ... i love getting the last laugh ! 
yeah ... so outside is terrib < PROPFEMALE > ... how will i ever get home ? < PROPFEMALE > sigh 
hope everyone had a wonderful christmas ! love you all ! 
i just want to thank the people that have been there for me these past few days . you mean more to me than you'll ever know and i dont know where i'd be without you guys . Thanks , and i love you ! 
Can't stop smiling :) 
tired , but looking forward to later today when i am out of work 
okay , so here's my theory ; Taylor Swift is an alien life form ... but wait , there's more ! While her alien race was creating her , all they could find was < PROPFEMALE > folk < PROPFEMALE > cause their internet isnt as up to date as ours , they only have google , hence why she looks like a fairy-troll 
..... i can't friggin breathe .... peehhhh 
i hate you so hard , facebook .... just let me load my pictures .... 
ugh ... i just would like to feel better 
ooh mother , tell your children , not to dooooo what i have dooonneee , spend your lives in sin and misery , in the house of the rising sun . :: guitar solo :: 
some people just have an innate way of pissing me the hell off 
Have you ever been alone in a crowded room ? When I'm here with you , I said the world could be burning til there's nothing but dark blue . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends ! Before you do that , answer for me ... 
black ;) 
i think i want an egg ... 
And when the day has all but ended , and our < PROPFEMALE > starts to fade , no you will not be alone then , no you will not be afraid , no you will not be afraid 
I actually slept all night !!!! First time in 2 weeks !!!!! 
If you'll be my bodyguard , I can be your long lost pal . I can call you < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > , you can calll meee Aaaal 
you know how there are just some people that you wanna smack upon viewing ??? well , it gets harder every day not to act on that impulse . especially when they are a grown adult that throws tantrums . 
\I haven't a particle of confidence in a man who has no redeeming petty vices\ " - < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
everyone that has dealt with my crazy ass the past few days ; thank you . i couldnt have made it through everything without your < PROPFEMALE > and understanding . i love you guys and i dont know where i would be without you <3 
make this day go faster ... 
Ooohhh .... tired 
my knee hurts ... why am i so accident prone ? 
There's a hole in my sock ... and my big toe fits in it perfectly :) 
i had a dream about a monster truck rally last night ... 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! i love you all !! 
If I were any happier I'd have to sit on my hands to keep from wavin :) 
ready to fist pump like a boss with JWOWW ... aka < PROPFEMALE > lol 
good god what a night ... even with the crazy drama crap at the end , it was super fun . thanks for coming out and havin a good time with me , i love you guys and you made my night ... now i'm just waiting for the blackmail pictures from Jorden ... 
ya know , i dont get involved in this drama shit for a reason ... but i'd just like to put out there as a general disclaimer that when i'm forced into drama , i dont react well . keep messing with people i care about and i will take you out . that is all . 
cause when i'm a bullet shot out of a gun , when i'm a firecracker comin undone , when i'm a fugitive ready to run , all wild eyed and crazy , no matter where my reckless soul takes me , baby , you save me 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy and paste this as your status and the first entry of what Urban Dictionary says about your name as the first comment ! 
so ... this week has been balls ... this morning it continues ! I was flipped off numberous times by an old man while driving ... and i dont know why , i guess he didnt like my car or my hair or something ... i get to work and i realize that < PROPMALE > has decided to < PROPFIRST > my shirt , so i had to descretely change into the hoodie that i leave at my desk in case i get cold ... now i'm waiting to get yelled at for dress code violation :) 
pack my bags and never look back , run a parellel line with the railroad tracks and make my getaway . put the pedal to the metal as the sun goes down , leave everybody sleepin in this sleepy town tonight , and at the break of day i'll be a runaway :) 
today is a good day :) ... and Mya is a ho ... 
Dear Upcoming Week , Please go by fast so it can be the long weekend . Thank you , and good day ... < PROPFEMALE > 
HA momma said knock you out ! actually , i said mess with my momma and i knock you out . :) 
yelled at an earthquake last night ... told it to shut up so i could go back to sleep . 
sometimes , it's the weirdest things that make you realize how perfect someone is :) 
happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone ! 
rediscovered the magic of 90s rock ... what wonders :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s on a vacation far away , come around and talk it over , so many things i wanna say , you know i like my girls a little bit older . i just wanna use your love toooonight . i dont wanna lose your love tooooonight . :: bah dum bahm bahm :: 
ugh ... left my phone at home .... i feel so lost ... 
just me and the doggies tonight .... le sigh . missing the boy ... and also human contact . 
remembered my phone today :) already a step ahead 
definately just won 2 tickets to the auto show :) 
Had a wonderful weekend :) 
\what makes you think < PROPMALE > won't CUT YOU ???? \ " teehee " 
Dear February , I would like for you to leave now so I may welcome in March and my Jekins . Also , your name is spelled really retardedly which is more of a reason fo you to get the hell out of Dodge . Or change your name so it is spelled phonetically ... which is yet another word that needs revising . You know what , just change your name to < PROPMALE > . That makes it easier on all of us . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
gah ... my brain hurts from thinking ... anyone wanna give me a better job so i can afford to go back to school , pay off my bills , and start saving a little bit of money ??? lol 
so mad at my job ... how the hell do they expect us to be able to afford to even put gas in our car to COME to work if they keep cutting our hours ? that's right CEO ... keep driving your company car and taking your big bonus ... i'll make do with my 32 hr a week shit paycheck that barely covers living expenses ... so long as you're happy . growl . 
grumble 
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life’s a Great Balancing Act . Just never forget to be dexterous and deft . And never mix up your right foot with your left 
AAAHHHH 7 days til < PROPFEMALE > ! 
AND NOW THERE ARE ONLY 6 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
oh good god ... three days .... poor < PROPMALE > is gonna have a heart attack ... 
odd question , but i feel it is a valid one ... do strippers get to take one week every month off ? hopefully someone is privy to this information as i must now know . 
So , to go along with yesterday's question ... what happens when the girls at the strip club develop dorm room syndrom ???? 
omgomgomgomgomgomgomg .... jess will be here tomorrow .... AHHHHHH i can't take the excitement !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness 
Are you ready , Chicago ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > sigh ... my < PROPMALE > is gone ... and we didnt get to do all the crazy this weekend cause she got sickly . already miss her :( 
The silence isn't so bad , Til I look at my hands and feel sad , Cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly . 
In other news , I have become slightly obsessed with the song Spellbound by Lacuna Coil ... so much mysterious angst ! It's like soul food :) 
not feelin so great today ugh 
i'm in a good mood today . actually slept all night last night , got to see my most favorite boy last night , and today is friday . :) had weird dreams about < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Vaughan though ... no more < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > \They Have One Hell Of A Band\ " reading for me ... lol " 
slept til 7 this morning :) i love not having to drive from BFE to < PROPFEMALE > 
this morning i went to the fridge at work , pulled out the little bottle of milk that i bought yesterday , and added it to my coffee ... i took a drink of that coffee ... i promptly spit it out . not a fan of sourmilk-coffee ... it's a little too european for me , and this is < PROPFEMALE > , damn it ! 
It's a cloudy , crappy day ... but i'm happy :) 
can't wait to go home . i'm making fried chicken ... but in a special Italiany sort of way ... then going to see a band with < PROPFEMALE > and jordan ... i think i'm more excited for the chicken than the band though lol 
.... i still smell of fried chicken . 
cant ... stop ... listening to .... musical theatre .... aaarrrrggghhhhh 
already miss him ... it's gonna be a long 6 weeks ... but it will be worth it in the end . so proud of him 
ugh why isnt it Friday ? 
GFAERAJEILFJAIEYAHFEUAYDOIFALEIYREEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :: growl :: work makes me want to hit things 
today should be a good day ... it is beautiful outside , work is giving me free lunch , tomorrow is friday , i got to sleep in today cause i didnt have to be at work til 9 ... hmmm 
what i did today : 1 . epic battle to the death with Panasonic/Staples ... resulted in permanent eye twitch and possible cranial bleeding 2 . contimplated a quick get away from work that ended up falling through as i do not currently own the Bat-mobile and that was a big part of the plan 3 . learned about \wife selling \"" 
< PROPFIRST > comes home today !!!!!!! so excited i could pee ! (<~~ that was for you em lol i know how you love that phrase so ) 
our time , let's take our time , i just want to look in your eyes and catch my breath 
not quite sure why i'm obsessed with the History Channel , but today it's all about angels and demons and the anti-christ ... so exciting lol 
listening to ABBA ... you wish you were as cool as me 
tired ... it's only monday ... ugh 
slept so well last night ... passed out at 9:30 lol didnt wake up til 6:30 ... 
does this week feel like it's been here for 10 years to anyone else ? 
tomorrow is Friday !!!!!!! 
Gonna take a < PROPFEMALE > from < PROPFIRST>'s book ... * If you could describe me in one word , what would it be ? * This should be interesting lol 
FRRIIIIIDDDDAAAAYYYYY ! 
Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition :-} 
tired . hate monday . end . 
i love the coffee < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Glee is back ... i have mixed feelings . All the wonderful warm fuzzies i felt at the end of last season just got stabbed with a < PROPMALE > shank ... but i suppose it has to be that way . 
missin my baby 
who wants to change my oil for me ??? huh ?? huh ?? come on ... you know you wanna so i dont have to give the jiffy lube man my hard earned money 
got stuff to make lasagne on saturday :) who wants to nom on some < PROPMALE > food ??? 
this weekend was wonderful :) 
you can come back baby , rock and roll never forgets :) 
going to discuss my music with uncle < PROPFIRST > , the bestest adopted uncle ever ... who wants my autograph before i'm famous ??? haha 
It's time to try defying gravity , i think i'll try defying gravity , and you can't hold me down 
i have an eye twitch . a legitimate , stress/anger induced eye twitch . 
ugh no feel good 
in the infinately wise words of B.B. King ... \I am from Missisipi . I will cut him . \"" 
in the infinately wise words of B.B. King ... \I am from Mississippi . I will cut him . \"" 
Attention Facebook Friends ! Please read the note that I just posted if you want the warm fuzzy feeling I got while writing it ! I feel it will benifit all that gaze upon it's wonderous wisdom :) 
why can i see when people that i am friends with comment on people's status ' that i am not friends with/how do i make this stop ? it annoys me 
it's funny how sometimes the point is just missed entirely . 
if i ever get out of here , i'm goin to Katmando 
i am convinced that there is nothing that BB < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > Holiday cannot fix . 
I feel like my music choices of the last two days has transported me back 50 years ... it's glorious :) 
In other news , i promised < PROPFEMALE > that i would inform everyone of the strange dream i had last night where mya , my dog , was my secretary . she had a little business suit and somehow wrote down everything i said . she'd make a good stenographer for a being without opposable thumbs 
Anyone know anyplace that's hiring ? and no , it's not for me ... Please let me know if you do , i would really appreciate it ! 
it's pretty sad when all day all i've looked forward to is going home because there is a new episode of glee to watch tonight ... when did i turn 80 ? 
woke up thinking today was saturday ... imagine my surprise when i realized it is merely wednesday . 
\I've been here since second period . I have a cold and took all my antibiotics at once . Now I can't figure out how to leave . \"" 
Can I just say that I honestly do not understand what all the hoopla is about with this immigration law in Arizona ? MAKING IT ILLEGAL TO BE AN ILLEGAL ALIEN ???? How dare they try to enforce a law that has been in place at the Federal level for a good ... 60 years or so !... commie bastards . 
had a great weekend :) 
Dearest Mustang < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
YOU BETTER SLOW THAT MUSTANG DOWN ! I mean it . I saw a lot of cops out today . \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
If I were any happier , I'd have to sit on my hands to keep from wavin :) 
anyone else slightly annoyed by the fact they had to come to work on a nice day ? 
today , i am thankful that i am not a Saudi Arabian woman ... i read a few news stories this morning about the Saudi \religious police\ " ... i'd be stoned to death if i had to live like those women . talk about \ " snapped \"..." 
Een old country , we haf saying ... Never bite geeft horse in the mouth . Word to lif by . 
Discovered that today Google lets you play pac-man on their name thingy ... :) :) :) 
If you'll be my body guard , I could be your long lost pal . I will call you < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > when you call me , you can call me < PROPMALE > 
mamma said there'd be days like this ... she just didnt say there'd be so damn many ! 
{ insert funny statement here } 
not at all happy with someone right now 
my gramma's home :) i got gramma hugs yesterday and my day got better 
i could really go for some chicken nuggets right now 
last night turned out to be pretty good . next time we do an open mic , i'll actually invite everyone lol i had to make sure i still remembered how to stand upright on a stage first though . 
You can pour your soul out singing a song you believe in , that tomorrow they'll forget you ever sang . Sing it ANYWAY 
so apparently , if you are President Obama , Elwood/Channahon is the perfect place for a Memorial Day visit ... unfortunately if you are a memeber of the Channahon/Minooka/Elwood community this means CRAZY POLICE WEEKEND !!! WHOOOO ! As if the cops in Minooka weren't bad enough already ... 
fog + construction = a##$DFG%#$%DFGS^65 \ 
actually , i'm pretty sure i said exactly that . because i speak in tongues . you dont know . 
i'm very lucky to have so many wonderful people in my life , and especially to have one very special person that loves me so much :) 
totally forgot my knee brace at home today .... not cool . i need to stop injuring myself . 
is it time to go home ? 
lalalalalala 
My father married a pure Cherokee , My mother's people were ashamed of me , The indians said I was white by law , The White Man always called me \Indian Squaw\ " . Hhhhaaaallff Brreeeeeed that's all I ever heard " 
i found the one mug in the cabnet that cannot be put in the microwave .... tried to warm up coffee ... ended up trying to melt my finger taking it out . i think it's time to invest in a bubble for myself . 
and so today i downloaded Conway Twitty , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Pride , The Grass Roots , The Archies , Badfinger , CCR , < PROPFEMALE > Warwick , and more ... eclectic no ? 
the book of life is brief , and once a < PROPFEMALE > is read , all but love is dead , that is my belief . 
and in a white sea of eyes , i see one pair that i recognize , and i know , that i am , i am , i am the luckiest 
Good Morning Chicago ... you finally have a winning team that matters :) 
and i stood arrow straight , unencumbered by the weight of all these hustlers and their schemes , i stood proud and i stood tall , high above it all , i still believed in my dreams 
you will all be happy to know that i have made an appointment for my old lady knee . rejoicing shall now commence 
finds it annoying when outsourced employees call and ask me to speak more clearly because they cannot understand me ... 
it should be friday 
oh so much to do today ... anyone care to be my personal assistant for a day ???? 
this weekend was good ... way too short though . going to the dr today :( hopefully i dont have to pay with an arm to fix my leg . 
apparently , my knee pops out of it's socket cause it was never there to begin with ! Also , i am tied together with rubberbands as my ligaments are so loose i can touch my thumb down to my forearm . lol 
who wants to bring me nachos from chilis ?? huh ?? huh ??? i'll even give you one . but just one . don't be greedy . 
i'll find you in the morning sun , and when the night is through , i'll be looking at the < PROPFEMALE > , but i'll be seeing youuuuuu 
it's so nice outside ... i need a clone to work for me on days like this . 
just discovered there is something very symmetrical to the professions of icecream truck driver and stripper . In both professions , you have goodies that others lust over , there are always little men waving dollar bills at you , and , typically , the work uniform leaves little to dignity . 
smile , though your heart is aching , smile even though it's breaking , when there are clouds in the sky , you'll get by , if you smile through your fear and sorrow , smile and maybe tomorrow , you'll see the sun shining through , for you . 
We skipped a light fandango , Turned cartwheels ' cross the floor . I was feeling kind of seasick , But the crowd called out for more . The room was humming harder , As the ceiling flew away . When we called out for another drink , The waiter brought a tray ..... i love this song , but have no friggin idea what it is about . i'm going to go with acid . 
I'm very privilaged to have so many people to love :) I'm so happy for the old friends I have , and for a couple new special additions ( <3 my colleeny and my < PROPFEMALE > <3 ) and for a wonderful family and boyfriend . I love you all so much . Okay , mush over :-P 
has the most wonderful man in the world :) he's changed my life forever and i love him so <3 
busy busy day . the wicked witch has finally been removed from OZ hahaha now i just need to figure out how to do her job , and correctly since she didnt know how to do that , and all will be well . I think i should buy some sparkly red shoes ... 
I'd like to send a thank you to < PROPFEMALE > Hein for maiking my wall so colorful and making me laugh . Love the pics lol 
and i love you so , the people ask me how , how i lived til now , i tell them i dont know :) yay folksy lovey dovey songs :) anyone care to name this tune ??? 
tired .... 
I'm as free as a bird now , and this bird you cannot change ... no this bird you canot chay-ee-yay-ee-yay-ee-yay-ee-yaynge ! 
for some unknown reason , i am obsessed with the song \Take Your Mamma Out\ " by The Scissor Sisters today .... gonna take YOUR mamma out all night " 
my boss just decided he wanted to change his name to Camel . I've decided to call him Toe for short :) 
today i was culinary :) i made biscuits and gravy ( homemade gravy ) , bacon , sausage , and omlets .... now i need a nap . 
i think i need like a 2 month vacation lol 
exclimation point 
no life is perfect ... but mine is pretty darn close :) 
so , i know it's a big attraction in the city , but why do we have a giant silver bean ? I really don't know why , of all things to create a sculpture in the likeness of ... we chose a bean . 
well , i was drunk , the day my mom got out of prison , and i went to pick her up in the rain , but before i could get to the station in my pickup truck , she got runned over by a damned ol train 
i am missing my pillow 
sometimes , things aren't what they seem . sometimes , people aren't who they say they are . and sometimes , you have to pick and choose who's worth keeping , and who was never really was worth having around in the first place . 
Night swimming in her < PROPFEMALE > dress , Making small circles move across the surface , Stand watching from the steady shore , Feeling wide open and waiting for , Something warm and tender , Now she's moving further from you , There was nothing that could make it easy on you , Every step you take reminds you that she's walking wrong . 
sometimes all it takes is a little understanding to make things look brighter . 
for anyone that has really been there for me ... thank you . i love and appreciate you more than i could ever explain and having true friends that will put up with me , love me , and stand by me no matter what i do or decide is the greatest gift i could ask for . 
pain throws your heart to the ground , love turns the whole thing around , no it won't all go the way it should , but i know the heart of life is good 
ever feel like you just need an immediate change of scenery ? 
i'm not lost , i'm not lost .... just undiscovered . And when we're alone , we're all the same as each other 
I feel helpless for the most part , but i'm learning to open my eyes . And the sad truth of the matter is , I'll never get over it , but I'm gonna try , to get better and overcome each moment , in my own way . 
i now have a lanyard for my ID badge at work ... i have had it for a total of 5 minues and have already choked myself 2 times . i dont think they thought this through when supplying them . 
this day needs to speed by so i can get started on my weekend away . :) no people , no cell phone , no computer ... just me and him . a very much so needed break 
so , after a wonderfully relaxed weekend ... i have broken my ankle . yes , this is my luck 
eww tell me who thought remaking \true grit\ " was a good idea ??? who also thought it was a better idea to make < PROPMALE > Bridges \ " Rooster Cogburn\ " ? some things you just leave be in their perfection . that movie is one of those things " 
watchin the goonies with my baby :) he wheeled me around walmart today . it was an adventure in groceryland . 
so tired of not being able to do anything ... ugh ... 
no more old lady < PROPMALE > for me :) 
i'm kinda likin the whole < PROPFIRST > playing wifey thing . this is workin well for me :) 
please just shoot me 
if i'm judged on the life i've been living , and if heaven is not so forgiving , well i dont care cause i wont know anybody there 
Hatred stirs up dissension , but love covers over all wrongs ( Proverbs 10:12 ) ... yes i quoted the bible . shut it 
\The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is an attribute of the strong . \ " - Gandhi " 
fall is here . i had a pumpkin latte today :) it was de-ricious . 
I hate the Monday/Tuesday that is the day after a holiday weekend . I feel dazed and confused all day ... and not for good reasons . 
Dear Wednesday Afternoon , \ 
Please , if you are going to be busy , at least give me the illusion that you are passing by quickly . That is all . 
Dear Thursday , \ 
You will never be as good as your pretty sister Friday , so please stop trying . You're using up all my lipstick and < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Dearest Friday , \ 
While listening to my iPod this morning , I heard a wonderful song that I believe we shall instate as our new mantra . So , tonight , let us venture forth and \get drunk and be somebody . \ " \ 
i'm glad we won , but i honestly dont feel that we earned it ... 90% of the game , we sucked , then won based on a technicality ... a win's a win though i guess 
ever get that feeling that you would have been better off keeping your mouth shut , cause it's not like it matters what you say anyway ? 
song of addiction for today : < PROPMALE > of grey - will hoge . listen to it . love it . join my cult of will hogeness ... which is currently just me an emily ... but we have kool-aid and ice pops . :) 
note to self : pens , if aimed improperly , will not stick to the office ceiling . Instead , they will ricochet off of said ceiling and try to impale one's face . 
it's the little things that make my day ... friends calling just to tell me they love me , a boyfriend that goes out of his way to show me how important i am to him ... i'm very lucky to mean so much to so many . they all mean just as much to me 
things to do in the next 24 hrs : go to the dirty 30 and find as many embarrassing gifts as possible , get cupcake mix for penis cupcakes , make penis cupcakes , decorate them to look as realistic as possible , try to find at least one nice gift amongst the myriad of inappropritateness . who wants to help ? :) 
dear nose , \ 
stop running . i am not going to keep chasing you . \ 
love , \ 
on a totally different note ... i hate you google maps . you lead me nowhere i want to go . 
totally not a happy camper today 
insert funny status here _____________ . 
i think i'm gonna take a < PROPFEMALE > from the book of < PROPFIRST > on Seinfeld and build a nap fort under my desk . 
I thought we talked about this before ... Stop it . \ 
Love \ 
i think i want a vacation ... one that somebody else pays for and all i have to do is show up . it's good to have dreams 
monday ... go away 
why won't this day just end ????? 
nat < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > reminds me to be happy ... even when you have shitty days :) thank you mr. < PROPMALE > 
just realized my status made no grammatical sense ... let me rephrase .... \ 
nat < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > reminds me to be happy , even when i have shitty days . :) Thank you , again , mr. < PROPMALE > . 
as a now ordained minister , i am available for bar mitzvahs , weddings , funerals , and the occational exorsism . business cards to follow . tell your friends . 
this season change is killing my life . who wants to bring me a shot of something to clear up this sinus pressure ??? 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired 
and if you see her , walking down along these streets , her body softly swaying to her heart's broken beat 
leavin early to go help my mommy tonight . hopefully this will be a good weekend . lord knows it's needed . 
And since we all came from a womaN , Got our name from a woman and our game from a womaN , I wonder why we take from our women , Why we rape our women , do we hate our women ? I think it's time to kill for our women , Time to heal our women , be real to our women ..... You said it 2pac 
dear monday , \ 
if you had a face , i would hate it . \ 
love always , \ 
you know what's fun to say ? conundrum . conundrum is a fun word . 
today , i'd like to thank dirty skanks everywhere . without you , i wouldnt be reminded how lucky i am that I dont have to flash my boobs and ass to have friends . without you selling your dignity , i wouldnt see how precious mine is . without your narcissism , i would not know the importance of my humility . 
i wanna be a superhero ... and i think i want my power to be vanquishing annoying stupidity . the cute , sometimes dippy , stupidity can stay cause it amuses me ... but i want people to stop being so dumb all the time . OR pretending to be dumb because it's how they substitute having a personality ... that is all 
if i've said it once , i've said it a million times ... Back off the people i love . I bite . Hard . 
can't wait for the weekend . bad morning turned into a good day . long weekend ahead ... life is good for now lol until that other shoe decides to come flying at my head 
oh , oh i can hear them playing , i can hear the ringing of a beat up old guitar . oh , oh i can hear them saying keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart <3 
this town is broke down baby , full of dust from rusted dreams . I need to get , before it gets me . I need to hear that blacktop sing <3 will hoge ... you are sorely understated 
stupid people are killing my life today . sometimes i wonder how these people got jobs ... or how they keep them . 
ugh ... so bored ... why cant we have a punk kid to pull the fire alarm like we did in high school ? Or where is < PROPFEMALE > Pappas when you need her to set pudding on fire so we can go stand outside and laugh at her for an hour ??? 
i miss my bubby :( but i get to spend the weekend with my mommy , so that helps . chinese food tonight mmmm 
locked out of my mommy's house . It's getting chilly out . wear a jacket . 
M -O-O- N spells < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
no feeling good today ... ugh . 
i think it's hilarious when people think that acting ghetto is gonna intimidate me . all it really makes me wanna do is hit you in the head with a text book and hope you learn to not be so ignorant lol 
why are the last 10 minutes of my day always the most annoying ? lol 
i think i'm gonna start wearing a cape ... i constantly save the day at work since the people that should know what their doing , dont . 
i should totally not be at work today . i have a total \i dont give a shit\ " attitude . lol and i really dont today . i just dont care " 
planning a grand escape from work ... it involves < PROPMALE > Capone type tunnels and string .... who's in ???? 
eyes = tired , tummy = hungry , head = ouch , hair day = awesome . and that's what counts . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , \ 
You are not my lover , you are just some random chick I danced with once that is now trying to push her baby off on me . You know what that is called ? Lazy parenting . Get your act together . Or go on Maury . He takes your kind . \ 
so ... i work in a total concrete and steel building ... and i can hear the wind out there trying to blow us away and it literally sounds like a plane is landing in the parking lot lol oh goodness . at least the tornado warning is gone . that was an adrenalin filled drive through < PROPFEMALE > at 7:30 this morning . 
it's so frickin cold in this warehouse ... and i'm in the office ... with heat ... my cube is going to be an igloo by the end of the day . some one bring me one of those coca cola polar bears to keep me company . and a parka . 
one day i will rise , high above it all , she will catch me if i fall , and i know i will always be the < PROPMALE > of grey 
why do i feel more and more like my life is a < PROPFEMALE > Wynette song ? lol Mine and every lovely lady I know ... my god are we strong women 
angels don't work for nothin , i ain't askin for silver or gold . one day you'll wake up and find that i've left you behind , and it'll just be cause you were so cold 
why do things have to be so hard sometimes ? you try to do the right thing , listen to yourself , listen to other ppl ... why can't things be the way they are supposed to be ? i just want to be happy and feel confidant in the choices i make and the person i am again . 
absolutely , in every possible way , exhausted . 
i'm thankful for all the wise women in my life . i love you all . thank you for giving me strength , understanding , encouragement , and an objective view . 
is it weird that i really want indian food ??? and is it bad that everytime i get an e-mail from our outsourced friends at Panasonic the craving gets worse ?? 
the book of life is breif , and once a < PROPFEMALE > is read , all but love is dead , that is my belief <3 
it aint much i'm askin if you want the truth , here's to the future for the dreams of youth , i want it all , i waaant it allll , i waaannt it aaaallll , and i want it now ! 
ugh ... coughing sucks . 
i feel like a bad < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > song today with this cold ... i'm hot , then i'm cold . i'm yes , i feel better , then i'm no , bite me . i'm up and awake , then i'm down and trying to count the minutes til i get to sleep again . 
ugh i feel like crap :( 
either my head has detatched itself from my body and is floating about , or i need to stop taking dayquill 
night time robitussin : $5 . box of tissue : $2 . antibiotics : $7 . finally sleeping through the night and breathing through my nose : priceless . 
i wish i was back in my nice warm bed with my nice warm bubby :( 
my iPod and i are disagreeing on what i want to listen to . it says the same 25 songs on shuffle , i say i'm gonna keep shaking the purple people eater ( that's what i named it ) until it complies with my wishes of variety . 
starting to Christmas my house :) I dont care if it's early , i like it . 
In the spirit of Turkey Day , here are a few things I am thankful for ; my family , the love of my life < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > <3 , my best friend in the world Em Pappas , my other wonderful friends that are always there for me ; < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Cervantes , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > E . Griffith , my pooch Mya , and that dead turkey I will eat tomorrow . He sacrificed his life graciously so that I may consume his tastey , tastey flesh . 
almost done christmas shopping :) first time in my entire life i can say that almost a month before christmas lol i'm usually sweating a week before hoping everything gets here on time 
so put me on a highway , and show me a sign , and take it to the limit one more time 
who forgot their cell phone at home today ??? this gal ! 
At the request of a facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S ... wall ... Even if it's only for an hour ........ And to all of the men and women serving our great country . Semper Fi Marines of 3/5 ! " 
i feel like doing nothing today :) 
had a wonderful weekend with my <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and his beautiful family . I'm so happy for his sister and so glad i got to meet the great people i did . I'm so thankful to be with someone that has such a loving family that always makes me feel welcomed and one of them . 
i've decided i must have a panda . just add it to the list of oddities i should like to aquire in my lifetime . I'll name him < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > the Panda Benson . 
I can't help but feeling as though my time would be better served at home , drinking hot chocolate , watching The Bishop's Wife or White Christmas , or one another of the old movies that are currently taking up space on my DVR . 
the dog is snoring . loudly . 
looking forward to my baby's birthday and then christmas . i'm feeling happy :) it is good 
i'm trying to come up with a nice happy status to counter my bad mood because of my job ... i cant ... so instead i will just say this ; if it were up to me , every idiot person without the common sense of a turnup would be dropped somewhere in shark infested waters so they can no longer pollute the world . that is all 
hello my FB friends ... Thursday night , should you like to join me , is an open mic night at Tavern Off The Fox . The boys and I will be * attempting * to play lol If you wanna come out and have a few drinks and laugh as we muddle through , let me know 
k , so apparently the open mic night thing is off cause the bar isnt having it due to the holiday . i say we just drink instead 
just want to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . i feel so blessed to have you all as friends and family . i love you all so very much . 
misses driving with the windows down ... :( 
ok , taking another crack at this open mic thing . it's at a bar in batavia . if you wanna go , let me know and i will get the details to you . 
Dear Cold , \ 
I will vanqish you with my mucinex of justice . You are not long for this world , my coughy foe . I've got on my superhero face , and am armed with my Robitussin laser gun , which means business . \ 
The Sickness Destroyer ( aka < PROPFEMALE > ) 
cause it's almost like your heaven's trying everything to break me down , cause it's almost like your heaven's trying everything to keep me out 
sometimes the right thing and the hardest thing are the same . </3 
i wish that this were easy , but you know it never is . it seems like hearts get broken during things like this ... 
is this what you longed for ? you sell your soul for fools gold . and now you can't remember when the game grew old . and i can't keep bending , i've no where further left to go . and you can't expect me to reap the seeds you've sown 
having one of those rare good days where things don't seem so hard . hopefully i can keep this going . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a koala bear . so she said when she attached herself to my back . oh cousin of mine 
i'm not calling for a second < PROPMALE > , i'm screaming at the top of my voice . give me reason , but dont give me choice , cause i'll just make the same mistake again . 
i know that God will never give me more than i can handle ... i just wish He didnt trust me so much 
the job is sending to me to cali next week to work ... a break from this place , and this situation , could not have come at a better time . hopefully nothing happens to ruin it . with my luck , i'll get on the wrong plane and end up in alaska . 
anyone wanna pick me up from o'hare on friday night ? 
leaving today . i'm a little nervous , just like i am any time i go anywhere . i love you all and will see you when i get home :) 
thank you everyone for all your birthday wishes ! it meant a lot to me to see how loved i am by all of you . California was nice and warm but i'm glad to be home , i missed you all . 
Dear Mr. Blizard , \ 
I have one request , and that is to let me get home before you decide to exact your revenge on a world that hates you . Remember , Mr. Blizard , when you are putting names on your shoot list , I was always nice to you and kept the cool kids from picking on you in high school . \ 
feeling bleh today . cheer me up . 
indian food last night , movie night tonight . thanks Em Pappas for being the best friend ever and making me laugh when i feel like poo . 
the only thing better than 2 bottles of wine and a Tarzan/Chicago movie night , is Drag Race ... and wine . lol 
what i wouldnt give to go back to bed . i just want the happy to start again . i'm tired of feeling bleh like this . 
why does shopping make everything feel better for a moment ? 
stuck between feeling better , and a little like a weight has been lifted , and like a confused little kid . it's a start though right ? 
I'm through with this , I'll forget your kiss and move on , There'll be no sleepless nights , I'll be alright from now on . I'm better off now that you're gone . 
and if i'm flying solo , at least i'm flying free . to those who ground me , take a message back from me ... tell them how i am defying gravity , i'm flying high , defying gravity ! 
This was a good weekend . There were a lot of laughs and good friends , i felt like myself again . And now it's monday lol ugh 
Who among you are the fanciest of ladies ??? 
for some reason , i am craving anything with tomatoes . like ... salsa , or bruschetta ... or just mozzarella cheese with a tomoato on it ... 
< PROPFIRST > Tutera ain't got nothin on me baby ! lol having so much fun thinking of fun wedding things for < PROPFEMALE > :) 
so .... should i go blonde again or auburn ? i need some votes . 
having one of those days where my life feels like \I Dreamed a Dream\ " from < PROPFEMALE > Mis ... and not the creepy British lady version . " 
Dear Mr. Sun , \ 
Is that you ? It's been so long , I forgot your face . Please try to stick around now , I hate your bastard cousin Cloudy Day . \ 
All my love , \ 
it just takes some time , little girl you're in the middle of the ride , everything , everything will be just fine , everything , everything will be alright , alright . 
today feels like it could be a good day . 
Tonight , I'm gonna have myself a real good time , I feel ali-i-i-ivveee , and the world is turnin inside out , floatin around in ecstacy , so don't stop me now . Don't stop me cause i'm havin a good time , havin a good time . 
gettin out early today whooo hooo ! 
ahhhh will hoge is coming back to town on 4/2 !!! I MUST GO !!!! he is my favorite obsession ! 
totally off st. < PROPFIRST>'s day and the day after so i can enjoy eggs and kegs at bally doyle ... and then recover the next day . :) 
woman , be strong . 
going to just one more tonight to < PROPFEMALE > out with my awesome friends and sing karaoke like it's goin out of style ! let me know if you wanna join in the fun ! 
so , take my love and take it down . oh climb a mountain and you turn around . and if you saw my reflection in the snow covered hills , well the landslide will bring it down . 
Gonna pack my bags and never look back , run a parellel line with the railroad tracks and make my get away . Put the pedal to the metal as the sun goes down , leave everybody sleepin in this sleepy town tonight , and at the break of day , I'll be a run away . 
... does anyone else constantly crave scrambled eggs and bacon ? is it just me ? lol 
so tired .... ugh .... 
I would like to thank Em Pappas for introducing me to the funniest thing on the internet ... My Immortal lol You don't know what it is ? Ou r a posr prep . Mediocre Dunces . lol even now i can't stop laughing . 
ahhh the joys of throwing money i don't have into my stupid car . damn flat tire . it's cool though , cause tonight i get to japanese at Domo someone pretty cool . 
somehow my random work conversations always circle back to strippers , < PROPFIRST > Sheen , or ways to get rid of people that are useless . We usually end up on people that are useless cause we're talking about strippers or < PROPFIRST > Sheen . 
hungry ... what should i eat for lunch ? 
No , it won't all go the way it should , but I know the heart of life is good :) 
Had a great , fun filled weekend . This week needs to go by fast so I can get my Will Hoge on , on Saturday with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
it's 10:50 am ... who wants to get drunk and be somebody ?? 
The Ataris had it right ... being grown up isn't half as fun as growing up . 
t-peed the HR managers office . lol happy april fools day ! 
Things i have done today ... t-peed HR office . Shrink wrapped/t-peed/post-it noted ops managers office . Made the other ops manager think he was losing his mind by leaving all the drawers in his office open when he left . Then , shrink wrapped/taped his door shut as well as taping down his office chair , desk , and file cabinet . Also , managed to get everyone in the office in on my tomfoolery ... Now what ? lol 
when you sit around waiting for someone to change , the only thing that is different in the end is the date on the calander . 
