#1 project : Draw 101 Dalmation puppies . Realistic or cartoon , or whichever ... I haven't figured it out yet . 

I gots to remember to < PROPFEMALE > a new one ... calendar . 
\It's not hard to see a new event when you've missed the beginning and the end\ " Wire " 
I think invisibility would probably be my last choice for a super power ... 
I don't know what to do . I have some bad feelings ... a bad bad feeling . 
I'm not online ... um diddle diddle diddle um diddle ay 
Arg , why do the dogs keep barking everyday ? What do they waaaant ? 
I'm watching the anime Monster and it really is great ... just saying . 
I wonder sometimes ... if anybody thinks I'm obnoxious ? o__o 
Hey , do any of you know how to beatbox ? xP 
All that people see when they look at me is blonde hair and big boobs . No one's ever going to take me seriously . ~ Legally Blonde xD 
I love ranting about somebody who's not even real ... it's a fictional person har har >.> 
I think that negotiator sounds like a fantasy job , but it seems like they really do exist ... kind of yeah . 
Time , energy , living beings are all mysterious ... 
Behold ! I have the magical power of rambling over the internet at 3 AM . xP 
I'm curious what is the weirdest thing you guys own ? I have a really really really bizarre ring . 
I am a cucumber ... a cucumber ... a cucumber !!! 
Ahhh I broke both sides of my glasses ! 
Iguanas are still smacking people like always ... 
Crows seem to know when crappy stuff happens . 
Fear nothing but fear itself ... oooh . 
You can't eat a purse ! A purse is not edible ... 
The\ 
eye of Medusa is a binary pair of < PROPFEMALE > s that when the dimmer < PROPFEMALE > is in\ 
front of the brighter < PROPFEMALE > it appears to blink like an eye , and then\ 
the ancients noticed this somehow ... geez , they sure were excruciatingly\ 
good at analyzing the night sky . 
No things don't seem very perfect as it is , but I would like for it to be perfect as it is . That's all . 
Satoshi Kon passed away a few days ago ... nooooo way . T_T 
I'm almost done drawing two adorable pandas ... =P 
It keeps going and going and going ... Yay , for long lasting batteries ! xP 
Well , it's my second time on a computer in a couple of days sooo ... hello from Minnesota . Good night ! =P 
E.T. phoooone hooome ! Ok well , I'm back in Ohio now from Minnesota . 
I guess you can't really take the good without the bad with that said ... how come I can hardly even pick a kid up ? I must be the weakest person ever . This sucks ! I seriously need some stamina and endurance here ! >.< 
Hmmm ... I can't believe I'm asking this , but has anybody ever heard of this site that I speak of ? Myanimelist.net? ?? LOL 
I feel like little bits of wisdom are scattered everywhere , so maybe it's worth a little < PROPFEMALE > something when you find it somewhere . It's kind of like getting a small gift . It just depends if you even like small gifts or would rather have bigger gifts . 
There's some mysterious music playing in my ears . It sounds like bluegrass , but I don't know where it's coming from . Why is it playing ? It's sooo weird , sooooo random ... 
There's a fly sitting on my pillow , and it's watching FLCL with me or maybe it's sitting there because it's exhausted and/or dying . =( 
* Sigh * my home is becoming some kind of cat house . Let's see how many cats like to < PROPFEMALE > out here ? I think like 7 , and there seems to be more newcomers on the way ... 
Hmm , it would be cool if every single party was a benefit party , yeah . I like parties and benefits ... 
Sometimes we have no choice but to fight fire with fire ... =( 
Good golly ! Ambulances have been on my street at two different houses already in the past few hours ... what's going on !? 
ANOTHER AMBULANCE ... 
Sometimes I feel like God could be laughing at us ... not smiling rays of sunshine or being sad over us . I don't want anybody to be offended by this , btw . It's not a very nice plausibility , though ... 
I just realized that I could be very good at making an illusion that I am very good at doing work ... 
I wonder if a deaf person could conduct an orchestra ??? 
Geez ... freaking ... golly ... gosh ... darn ... dang ... holy ... crap 
Why , oh , why did the dinosaurs have to go extinct ? Oh , if only Jurassic Park were real . Yes , that would be ridiculously dangerous but awesome ... 
