Hunnnnnnggggrrrrrrrrrryyyyyyy !!!!!!!!!!!!! curse u p 90x ! 

does \First Aid Parachute\ " sound like good name for a band ? Its gonna be my future really famous band one day and i want thoughts on the name . " 
Working late isnt ' great 
Mexico will go all the way !!!!!!!!! 
Vesuvius 
Colas Breugnon !!! 
Is it just me or do there seem to be an increase in babies and pregnancies everywhere ???? 
Helped friends move all day yesterday ... and now painting an office full of heavy furniture ... so tired :( 
family is thicker then blood is thicker then money is thicker then life ... 
automatic doors make me feel like a jedi ... :) 
Vote for me for president !!! why ? because you can . 
Crazy ? I was crazy once they put me in a BIG white room with one < PROPFEMALE > on the wall . I used to count the < PROPFEMALE > one , one , one ... it drove me NUTS ! nuts ? I LIKE nuts walnuts , peanuts , but not almonds I HATE almonds they drive me CRAZY ! Crazy ? i was crazy once ..... 
Why is that when a person sets out to make others happy and avoid hurting people as much as possible all that results is pain and sadness ... 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
“To laugh often and much ; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children ... to leave the world a better place ... to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived . This is to have succeeded . ”-Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
“To\ 
laugh often and much ; to win the respect of intelligent people and the \ 
affection of children ... to leave the world a better place ... to know even\ 
one life has breathed easier because you have lived . This is to have \ 
succeeded . ”-Ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
After being awake since tuesday morning i finally got some sleep last night !!! 6 hours for almost 4 days thats enough right ? 
so apparently 6 hours isnt enough for almost 4 days especially since i only slept from 2 til 5 a.m. which is only 3 hours .... lol 
The world would be a better place if everyone was at least a little dorkish :) 
Ideals are bullet proof 
I'm back in Blackfoot !!!! for a week if you have the time I'd love to < PROPFEMALE > out and catch up :) 
Heading back to florida in a few hours ... lol I honestly didn't expect it to be bitter sweet . 
Yay !!! finally in my new apartment with electricity and internet ! 
thrasher is a bad ass reindeer . 
motto of the year : I TRY ... 
people where made to need others ... yes its important to be independent but if happiness is what you want then you need to let others be apart of you and let them influence who you are to a certain extent . 
whats more important in a sandwhich meat or bread ? now this is just a regular sandwhich not a pb&j or anything fancy just a simple sandwhich . 
