Red wine and Ambien ; Your talkin shit again . 

I Heart Pandora Radio .. 
Well you might be a bit confused and you might be a little bit bruised\ 
But baby how we spoon like no one else\ 
So I will help you read those books if you would soothe my worried looks\ 
And we will put the lonesome on the shelf 
Missing The Funk today and dont know why :| . 
Discouraged and drained ... I need a vacation . 
Grrrrrraaahhh . :| I dont know any words to put to that feeling . 
Yay for a brand new laptop ! 
will be in the funk September 19 - 29 ! So excited ! 
I forgot to add my darling boyfriend to my plans in The Black Hole and got in trouble for it lol . SO - WE ( aka < PROPMALE > and I ) are coming home soon to visit all the lovelies we left behind . 
Can't nothin stop us but us . 
It seems work isn't so awful when your watching Lynard Skynard live in concert on the beach . 
Baby < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is sooooo effin cute I just wanna quit my job and stay home all the time to play with her :) ha 
Trading snow for my ability to wear shoes ? I don't think so .. The ants have risen up from hell to make me miserable . 
I've never been so excited in my life ... I cant wait to see all of my bestest friends EVER ! Hope you're all ready for some SERIOUSLY disgustingly hard partying\ 
:D 
I just got laid off ! How fucked is that :| 
OMG SNOW !?! Im going to freeeeeeze my butt off here . 
In The Funk ! Cant wait to see everyone ! 
Lovin being home :) 
Back to Florida tomorrow . Im so glad I got to see everyone :) . 
Hoooomme !! Feels soooo good to sleep . 
Breakfast for dinner ! And I must say I did a damn good job :) . ha 
It is PERFECT weather here in Ft < PROPMALE > . :) After two weeks of bitching about humidity and overly hot days I got proven WRONG . 
Bridges will burn ... 
EFFFFFFFF . Anyone feel like explaining HOW to file this stupid BP claim ? 
Happy Birthday Mom . Love and good memories . ( Yesterday ) 
Yayy for a new house ! I cant wait to move into it ! 
Done with school applications ! Feels sooooo good . 
Bored Bored Bored ... Eeevvvveryday , Aaaaaallll Daaayy . School better start soon before I go craaaazy . 
Trying my hardest to have a productive day , but now Im running out of things to do :S Ugh . 
We're going on a cruise ! Cozumel here we come ! :D 
Holy Shit Thanks guys !! To Florida people ... Beer pong on Saturday in < PROPMALE > and I's garage :D Be there ! To Montana people ... I love you all and miss you loooooottttttzzzzzz :) 
is exhausted from a long day of class . bed feels soooo wonderful :) 
Hired at Chili's today ! Woot ! The new year has done good for me so far :D 
Life is one continuously bad joke . \Peace is a Journey \"" 
Its not a silly little moment ... Its not the calm before the storm 
Wine for dinner ? Sounds gooood to me . lol 
OVERwhelmed !! 
McGuire's Tonight ! YuM :) 
Eyes wide open -> Looking to the future 
Should be doing homework ... Want to be drinking .. tough decision ? Nope ... ha 
Yay for a day off ! Papers papers papers ... :S 
Drove an hour and a half in the rain just to find out class is CANCELLED ! Looooovve communication ... 
Its so quiet in this library I want to start screaming bloody murder and then LAUGH 
I need a getaway all to myself ... 
Just another silly day . 
Don't you think we oughta know by now ? Don't you think we should've learned somehow ... 
Leaving for Seattle at 4 ! Sooo excited to see my family ! 
Laaaame Days .. I feel like a Zombie . 
FML . 
I hate humidity . I hate my frizzy hair . Im PREEEETTTY sure Florida is NOT the place for me .... :( 
SLUGS are taking over our backyard ! Gross ... 
If you wait for the sunshine , You might wait for awhile . 
Hmmm .. No homework and a night off ...? What do I do with myself !? 
NEVER driving in a tornado watch again ! that was scary .. 
Home alone with a man working nights :( Lame . EFFFF the military . 
I hate doubles ... All I want to do is lay in bed and be lazy ... 
“Life is full of beauty . Notice it . Notice the bumble < PROPFEMALE > , the small child , and the smiling faces . Smell the rain , and feel the wind . Live your life to the fullest potential , and fight for your dreams . ” 
< PROPMALE > comes home tonight ! Excited ! 
Today is officially the laziest day in hisory ... :| Yay for spring break 
Yay for sun at the beach . 
Two and a half mile run in the hot sun today ! If that didn't burn some calories then nothing will .. :D 
Soooo addictd to Fruit Ninja and Desperate Housewives ... lol 
I wish ... 
Is 3 O Clock too ealry to start drinking ?? lol It IISSSS Friday ... 
It's storming and I'm sick :( . What a day .. I think I'll spend it in bed . 
Day spent cleaning and listening to music ! Feels good ... 
Bllaaaaaaaahhhhhh ... 
I can't really say why everybody wishes they were somewhere else , \ 
but in the end , the only steps that matter are the ones you take all by yourself . 
