is giddy for Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen next week !!! 

cant wait till Monday ! And Wednesday ! 
saw Transformers on IMAX yesterday , and it was awesome ! 
wants more rain . Too damn hot out !! 
is really loving his friends today ! 
has had a hectic week ... 
is definitely not missing the single life ! 
wishes his arm would heal faster ... 
is tired of feeling so handicapped !!! 
wants money ... 
is happy to have the strength to cut his finger nails and play Guitar Hero again ! 
has had more drama lately than he can remember ! 
has an interview tomorrow ! 
hopes he gets the job at Costco ! 
is hungry sleepy or sleepy hungry .... Slungry ? 
is feeling an awful lot like Atlas about now ... 
has too many different emotions running . Too bad we weren't designed like computers so that we could simply close these \applications \"!" 
wonders if its possible to sleep on a shoulder blade wrong ... 
is keeping his fingers crossed for another job !! 
has less than four weeks of unemployment benefits left ... Life isn't looking so grand right now . 
likes the snow ! Its even what some gamers would refer to as \teh rox0rz \"" 
Anchovies on pizza isn't that bad ! 
Can't wait to go home ... 
What to do when so full of hate and anger ? 
Must get out of the house ... All I can think of doing is going to see IronMan 2 again ... 
Anybody wanna go see Grown Ups with me tomorrow ? 
Just to make sure my post wasn't missed , I'm gonna ask again . Anybody wanna come see Grown Ups with me today ? 
You all missed out on a damn good movie ... 
I'm really starting to think I'm allergic to endorphins ... My headache hurts for much longer and far worse than when I walked THROUGH a tree branch ... On the other hand , I thoroughly enjoyed myself tonight . 
Contrary to popular belief , pessimists are not self-fullfilling prophets . 
Anybody wanna come watch a movie with me today ? Predators , Despicable Me , Last Air Bender ? 
Finally approved to go home ... 
I forgot how hot 100+ felt ... And today is supposed to get up to 111 . 
Over 110 degrees out ? I think its about time for some ice cream . 
I miss my friends , god damn it . 
Its all fun and games till someone loses an eye . Then the person everybody laughed at is the bad guy when he/she decides to lash out at everyone . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Jr. has a footlong cheese burger , and I can hear the blasted thing calling my name ... I can feel my arteries clogging just thinking about it . 
Who in the right mind wears a black hoodie outside when its 105 degrees ? 
What a weird day . 
So , after a whole year of being unemployed , I've finally got a job ! No more feeling like a leech on the system . 
I forgot how good having a job feels . Before anybody says anything , I'm not being negative or sarcastic ... 
So , my nose has been bleeding everyday , twice a day for about a week . My family doesn't seem to concerned about it either ... Any thoughts people ? 
You know that gift you get that you want to get rid of but know it'll hurt feelings ? Definitely having one of those moments . 
Debating to go see Piranha tonight , or wait till tomorrow ... 
Saw Piranha . Glad I got a drink because that was pretty gory . Overall , it was a pretty good movie . 
I need to get back into the habit of drinking water only ... 
So much to learn about my new job . Hope I can survive it . 
Hopefully we get some rain today . That should make up for yesterday being 118 damn degrees ! 
\Putting a mosque near Ground Zero is like putting a condom machine in a rape crisis center . \ " \ 
To learn another language in a short time is not easy ... 
The smell of oil hasn't left my nostrils yet ... Its making me sick . 
Just saw a rather gorgeous woman working at Barnes & < PROPMALE > today . 
I just realized the irony in the fact that I cant own guns of any kind , but I work at a place called Silver Bullet . 
I'm not 100% , but I'm pretty certain my boss just called me \fucking worthless . \"" 
I'm in an unusually good mood today . 
For years now , I thought I was a misanthrope . Now I realize that I care about humanity so much that I want to whoop ' em every time they do something stupid , like a parent would . 
If we are all in charge of our own life , why is it wrong to commit suicide ? 
Damn you , Bungie for releasing Halo : Reach on a Tuesday ! I have class after work on Tuesdays ... 
Had a suddenly powerful need to draw something , and there's no pencil throughout the house ... 
Ninjas Vs . Zombies ? Even SciFi Pictures looks at this and asks , \what's this crap ? \"" 
After some days , I've the means to draw something and my mind is blank ... 
A politician sees his family every day . A deployed soldier : once in six months . A\ 
politician flies commercially . A soldier : C-130 . A politician's pension\ 
is not reduced . A soldier's: clawed back at 65 . The politician enjoys an\ 
expense account . The soldier : must justify extra rations . The\ 
politician vows to defend his country . The soldier makes sure he keeps\ 
that promise . REPOST if you support your troops . 
Amazing . I'm invisible to people I live with as well ... 
I just might have found someone to play Guitar Hero with ... Unlikely , but I can hope ... 
Where's the sense in getting pissed at me for not finding a name when given a different name to look for ? 
Fuck it . Fuck it . Fuck it . Fuck it . Fuck it . Fuck it . Fuck it . Fuck it . Fuck it . Fuck it . \ 
Fuck it ! Fuck it ! Fuck it ! Fuck it ! Fuck it ! Fuck it ! Fuck it ! Fuck it ! Fuck it ! Fuck it\ 
FUCK IT ! FUCK IT ! FUCK IT ! FUCK IT ! FUCK IT ! FUCK IT ! FUCK IT ! FUCK IT ! FUCK IT ! 
You cant judge a book by its cover . But life is easier when you do . 
I realized there's no point in changing my ways . 
Question : How does one acquire some understanding without it looking like some kind of pity-party ? 
Stupid classes and making me feel hopeful ... That road has never been good to me , and I don't think its going to now . 
Its weird that anybody remembers me from back in high school , but to be remembered from as far back as < PROPMALE > high ? 
Pretty certain I just saw a woman crying at FedEx . 
Really hard to stay angry when your lettuce tastes like peanut butter ... 
To hell with work today . I've got some important shit to take care of . 
Oh , to be resented for leaving when given little reason to stay ... 
If air conditioning is available , there shouldn't be a reason for it to be hotter inside the building than out ... Live in hell , and I preferred to be outside whenever possible today . Not right . 
Can I quit now ? 
Not easy trying to please everybody I care about ... 
Its no wonder I have such a positive outlook on everything . I hear great things about me all the time . No bad stuff at all ! 
Wont be long now ... 
Did I miss something ? I know couple people who have mentioned where they \it\ " in their status ... " 
Guess its time to start job hunting again ... 
I love how my mom gets pissed at me for not applying for jobs where I don't meet all the requirements . 
If you're afraid of the color green , you really shouldn't be driving ... 
I haven't been bitten this many times since I lived in Hawaii ... 
Damn it . Was so sure Paranormal Activity 2 came out this weekend . Not next ... 
How To Train Your Dragon was substantially better than I anticipated . 
Damn elbow gotta be acting up ... 
Shiiiiit ... Thinking about it , I've just gone through about four or five 24 packs of soda in only a couple weeks ... No wonder I'm feeling disgusting inside . 
Woot . Predators came out today . I know what I'm getting after class ! 
Responsibility sucks ... 
Hopefully I can actually sleep well tonight ... 
Weak ! Let Me In wasn't in theaters for very long ... 
God damn ! How much alcohol does somebody have to have for the neighbor to smell it from inside the house ?! ( Yes , I can smell their beer from that far ... ) 
Gotta love how you see something all the time , and when you decide to get it , its the only one you cant find . 
I'm not sure which pisses me off more . The fact that a bunch of people just went someplace I was going and irritated me , or that they had the money to do it ... 
I love being taught everything that contradicts what I was originally taught by the exact same people . 
Definitely one of those fuck life and all it has to \offer\ " kind of days . " 
Pretty certain I just saw what looked like a 15-year-old with some of her ass hanging out the bottom of ... whatever she was wearing . 
Nothing to do , nowhere to go , no money or friends to do anything with . Yuma , how I despise you ... 
Had ourselves an early Thanksgiving . 
is wondering where the extra points from Best Buy came from ... 
How the hell do I lose my diploma ? My ticket to show I was free of that rotten hellhole known as high school ... 
Saw Skyline . I thoroughly enjoyed it . 
10 shots of espresso in a 20 oz . coffee ? 
The things thinking too much can do to one's health ... 
Lately , Old Spice has some of the weirdest , albeit , best commercials out there ... 
Woo ! Egg rolls tonight ! 
Screw you , weird dreams ! Screw you hardcore !! 
Got an interview tomorrow . Of all places , surely Walmart will hire my ass ... 
About 95% sure I got the job . And its about damn time . 
If I'm to get back into exercise , I need to start slow . Very , very , very slow apparently ... 
Wish I had money to see a doctor ... 
My cartoons have to be so damn difficult to find a good image ... 
Damn . I embarrass myself when singing alone ... 
Goodbye , cruel world ... 
God damn it , I cant watch Smoking Gun : World's Dumbest anymore ... 
Playing video games in single player is getting to be less fun . 
So ... one of my dogs died this morning ... R.I.P. Fredo . 
You know I'm sick when I'm wearing jeans , a hoodie , and a blanket while its 78 degrees ... 
WTF ? Did I just get two sicknesses back to back ? 
Playing games by myself isn't much fun ... 
Bored , tired ( not sleepy ) ... and cant tell whether or not I'm hungry ... 
Strange ... I feel lighter , somehow ... 
Walmart declined me ... That's just dandy ... 
Why do I never get any good epiphanies ? 
Oops . Bed time . 
Reboot is being brought back ?! YES !!! 
Yay good music !! Boo having to spend $56 to import it !! 
Almost a year , and my stomach isn't getting any better at tolerating my mom's spicy food ... So , how long are things supposed to get better before they get worse ? This shit's been going on over a year now . 
Why do I feel like I said something wrong to somebody ? 
I just bumped into an old man that asked where the registers were because he had been wandering Walmart for a while ... Of all things , how do you not know where the registers are ? Goodness forbid he's driving ... 
Some people just don't believe in good ol ' retarded fun . 
Let Me In is AWESOME ! 
Just three left . Hopefully ... 
Hooray for more things to hate ... 
Bored ... 
24 down . Two more to go . 
