is bad at facebook . 

Snow ! :O 
has officially reached the Pandora limit for the month >.< 
is so very very glad that AD is now dead and gone out of her life forever . 
I'm kind of coming down with a cold ... Would Zell dominate me if I stayed home and didn't turn in my research notes tomorrow ? 
This outline is just death , death , and more death . Maybe those should be my points . * headdesk * 
What do you put in a parenthetical citation for an apparently anonymous article ? The title ? 
' s first body paragraph takes up a full < PROPFEMALE > . 
feels awful . It seems that now that my teeth hurt less the painkiller got bored and started amusing itself by making me feel seasick DX 
According to Google Chrome , grade speed is my third most often visited site >.< I realized today that I completed the transition to grade whore a while back and somehow didn't notice . 
Beware of falling lava lamps . 
My eye is almost healed but because of the scar it's still 20-100 , and the doctor says if I'm * lucky * it might get to 20-60 . Sad day . 
Reality is an illusion caused by lack of alcohol . 
tried to tame the sun and got burned . 
I has laptop !!! X3 
I electrocuted my arm earlier on accident . It felt funny :P 
< PROPMALE > supplies cost way too much !!! 
Beef jerky and fudge for dinner . Ah , college . 
Thunder in the background makes any lecture sound worth listening to . 
suffers physical pain from reading so much Plato . 
Sometimes I want to copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . 
Is a self-diagnosed hypochondriac more or less of a hypochondriac for acknowledging it ? 
I just finished reading A Clockwork Orange , which is AMAZING , but the last chapter , the one not usually published in < PROPFEMALE > , is AWFUL . It takes it from having some dark , obscure meaning to suddenly just a ridiculous happy ending ! 
If someone left you a note in the trash , on the most recent piece of trash they threw away , telling you not to throw anything else away because the trash is full , wouldn't YOU feel compelled to find more trash just to trash write back to them ? 
I have no words -- alas ! -- to tell\ 
The loveliness of loving well ! \ 
\ 
( Poe ) 
is on her way to having some dinosaur bone ice cubes . Oh yeah . 
I went to class barefoot in pajamas today . I feel accomplished . 
The < PROPFIRST > Tennant / < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Hamlet movie is so good ! I was so wrapped up in the skillful nuance of it all that I forgot to even fangirl over the actors properly ! 
Let's see , what do I respect that's not batman ? - < PROPMALE > Dutton 
So it's 5 am and I just finished writing a pretty good essay for a really easy class . My only regret is putting so much effort into it . \ 
Why is it so difficult to be a slacker ? 
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo . 
If women ruled the world , there would be no wars . Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other . 
If someone raises their hands while they yawn so that their belly shows , I consider it a request to tickle them . 
