if you were waiting for a sign , this is it . 

faut souffrir pour être < PROPFEMALE > 
regret is for people who have failed 
we've got secrets for a reason 
some people have impeccable timing .. 
this is my life . let me live it . thanks . 
I spend most of my life thinking about you and you and you , and all the people out there that I have not met yet and would like to if given the < PROPMALE > . There must be thousands . It's a lot to think about . 
if you stand close enough , you can hear the ocean 
sometimes the things you're running away from can run pretty damn fast 
take me for who I am , not who I've been 
\I don't really think he smells like Christmas . He just makes me happy . That's it . \"" 
it's kind of funny how the world can turn on a dime 
\you're just a backyard baby with a diaper full of dreams \"" 
may the bridges i burn light the way 
I am a super < PROPFEMALE > , I can fly and shit ! 
if the world is cold , make it your business to build fires . 
Now I do as I please and I lie through my teeth . Someone might get hurt , but it won't be me . I should probably feel cheap , but I just feel free ... and a little bit empty . 
everything is as it's always been . this never happened . don't take it too bad , it's nothing you did . just once something dies , you can't make it live . 
.. because it's easier to love the rain and the smell of fresh coffee in the morning 
truth is like a blanket that always leaves your feet cold . you push it , stretch it , it'll never be enough . you kick at it , beat it , it'll never cover any of us . 
live and let live . 
it's not because i've stopped caring , it's because you've stopped being a friend . 
finally :) 
don't expect me to read your mind until you learn to read mine . 
if dignity were money , you could maybe buy a can of generic brand soda 
you've got no idea :) 
when there's nothing left to burn , you have to set yourself on fire 
I am the lady from Mars , and I can unscrew the stars 
vanishing made easy 
I could use a spark . I could really use a spark . 
when you're alone in a crowd , hold on 
I am peanut butter < PROPMALE > road with multicolored sprinkles , hot fudge , and a < PROPFEMALE > on top . 
thank you for unscattering me 
maybe I think you're cute and funny , maybe I wanna do what bunnies do with you , if you know what I mean . 
you were just anchors tied to my ankles . 
definitely sort of kinda loving my life .. :) 
there's nowhere to go but on 
i shot for the sky , now i'm stuck in the clouds 
the human body essentially recreates itself every six months , so no , i'm not the same as i used to be . 
I'm doing just fine , I'm always landing on my feet in the < PROPMALE > of time and by the skin of my teeth . 
I want to rip off your logic and make passionate sense to you . 
if you love large , you've got to hurt large . if you've got a lot of light , you've probably got an equal amount of darkness . 
there is no wrong in wanting more . 
and the emancipated soul rejoices . 
:) 
we can grow five thousand roses in our gardens , but we still can't find what we're looking for . 
explanation would take the mystery out of it 
you missed out on something lovely when you forgot about me . 
hey , you , dragging the halo .. 
anyone who can touch you can hurt you or heal you , anyone who can reach you can love you or leave you . 
If I didn't wake up tomorrow , what would you regret having kept from me ? 
You are my funny < PROPFIRST > . Sweet , comic < PROPFIRST > . You make me smile with my he < PROPMALE > . Your looks are laughable , unphotographable , yet you're my favorite work of < PROPMALE > . Don't change a hair for me , not if you care for me . Stay , little < PROPFIRST > , stay . Each day is < PROPFIRST>'s Day . 
i see you flying ' round town with the bird i love and i'm like ... pluck youu ! 
I'm choking on the words that have been stuck in my throat for months now . I'm just trying to keep them from spilling out . 
don't miss out on what's happening now just because you're waiting for something better to come around . 
reality is a lovely place , but I wouldn't want to live there 
This is life . Not only the beautiful and blooming , but the morbid and lonely . It's all happening now , on this little speck of blue in outer space . 
I want to be like water . I want to slip through fingers , but hold up a ship . 
it all will fall , fall right into place :) 
don't give a damn about you or this town no more 
must be doin ' something right 
I make my shoes shine with my coal 
it never gets easier , you just get better . 
can't help but love my life without effort sometimes . :) 
I am the rain . The truth is I'm ruthless , I can't be contained . 
blessed are the broken , for they let the sun shine through . 
it was the combination of God and chess pieces 
hold infinity in the palm of your hand and eternity in an hour 
I'm so happy , ' cause today I found my friends . They're in my head . 
if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid . 
life gets good :) 
< PROPFEMALE > rule for living : if it's not your business , don't ask questions . 
someday you will die somehow and something's gonna steal your carbon 
beauty without intelligence is a masterpiece painted on a napkin . 
Arkansas : you have two cows .. that one on the left is pretty cute . 
fill me up 
I'm feeling like a Monday , but someday I'll be Saturday night . 
even when it's hard to get up , do it anyways . 
turns out you can't forgive everything 
when I'm good , I'm very , very good , but when I'm bad , I'm better 
this one isn't about you either 
if you keep sweeping it under the rug , you're gonna have one hell of a dust < PROPFEMALE > . 
