I'm Kursor ! : D O < PROPMALE > . 

has a bad reaction to Simochi . 
OSHI - this mask came out really well . 
Section 1 , < PROPFEMALE > 16 , section 1 , < PROPFEMALE > 16 ... 
Alright , chums ( I'm back ! ) LET'S DO THIS . 
Why does the hotel man have no pants ? 
El Presidente de Sexo ! 
THIS CAKE TASTES LIKE FREEDOM . 
Twilight is like soccer . They run around for 2 hours , nobody ever scores , and there's billions of fans that insist you ' just don't understand ' . 
You know that feeling ? The feeling you get when you find out who that < PROPFEMALE > woman Lemony Snicket was always talking about was ? Yeah , that feeling . 
Oh , < PROPMALE > \ 
sirènes . < PROPMALE > sirènes appellent . Messagers de la fin , pourquoi voulez-vous chanter ? 
This was a triumph . I'm making a note here : HUGE SUCCESS . 
Farewell , powdery paradise . 
If you could make a drawing come to life , it wouldn't be a drawing anymore , would it ? 
Believe . Believe in the light . Believe in the sky , and believe in the small things ; for they are often the most beautiful . 
is feeling like playing some Donkey Kong Country today . 
Anybody else hearing \Fa-fa-fa-f**k her face\ " out of Poker Face ? XD " 
Once again , Old Spice manages to make me laugh harder than I've ever laughed before at a commercial . 
< PROPMALE > Mustafa is officially my new hero . 
Cute is what we aim for . : D 
All who trespass here are doomed . 
Hello ladies . How are you ? Fantastic . 
The words are coming ; I feel terrible . 
Most victories in battle come from instantly exploiting your enemy's stupid mistakes , and not from any particular brilliance in your own plan . 
No one can stop me now ! I've got super negro spirit power ! 
\I'm bluffin ' with my muffin\ " ? WTF does that mean ? XD " 
I am Kel'Thuzad . Your curiosity will be the death of you . 
Lay on Hands - Because 1v1 is too unfair for you . 
Beware the bra-mounted whipped cream cannons ! 
I'm a little paladin , short and stout . Here is my hammer , here is my mount . When I get in trouble I scream and shout ; then I bubble and hearthstone out . : D 
I play for keeps , ' cos I might not make it back . 
You could travel the world , but nothin ' comes close to the < PROPFEMALE > Coast , apparently . 
YOU'RE A F**KIN ' D**K , < PROPMALE > ! ( Thank you , Jew Producer . ) 
Admiral Mikey is no longer with us , sadly . He fell down some stairs . About 30,000 of them . 
Every master craftsman and all true geniuses always save their best for last . 
Anyone ever notice how no one ever wears a full beard AND a trenchcoat ? It would be too much badassery in one place . 
Why didn't Grommash Hellscream just walk back to his corpse and hit the \Ressurect\ " button ? " 
FRUIT VENDOR ! Your cart is still in our way ! I suggest you move it before we are forced to take action ! Do not make us tell you again ! 
A frying pan and a flintlock pistol - my Zombie Apocalypse weapons of choice . 
Monocle smile . 
The human capacity to hate is overshadowed only by the human capacity to love . 
Never give them the < PROPMALE > to doubt you . 
Blood and thunder - may your arrival bring them both . 
Gettin ' my hair cut today . Probably same feathered semi-long deal . You all'll see it soon enough , I'm sure . 
I am the patron saint of lost causes . 
Got my hair cut . I look like < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett . With a beard . 
< PROPMALE > Miserables was really good , lol . 
Why don't you take a cue from Harpo Productions and start givin ' away some Mazdas ? 
I've seen Gnomes work harder than you , peon ! Little girl Gnomes - with pig tails ! 
Total healing done : 6,516,418 . Not bad for 20 BGs . : D 
Critics called Drag Me To Hell a \perfect\ " horror film . Remind me never to listen to what critics have to say again . " 
It works . It's real . He helped me . 
About to watch Bean again . Rowan Atkinson is a pretty nifty guy . 
Watchin ' Foxy Brown . Old school FTW . 
If you a < PROPFEMALE > , then why do you have this CHAIR IN YO FACE ?!?! 
Shawty , now you soundin ' so fine , gimme ya numba we can bump n ' grind , talkin ' about politics all night , leavin ' the club in tha mornin ' LIIIIIIYEEEEIIIIIIITE . 
World of Warcraft is educational ! It teaches problem solving - solving the problem of getting your ass kicked by the opposite faction . XD 
Walking a mile with 2 12-packs of Cola is never a good idea . 
So ... the cops spray this one guy down with a water hose , and then tase him . Doesn't that show a willful intention to unnessecarily increase pain ? Wouldn't that be considered police brutality ? Apparently , justice is blind - unless you're a cop . : / 
\A live grenade is more fun to cuddle with than a penguin . \"" 
ROFL ! A United States Congressman said , and I quote exactly , \Marijuana use causes Schizophrenia . \"" 
Lord , < PROPMALE > me the courage to change the things I can , the serenity to accept the things I can't , and the wisdom to get rid of this DAMN VIRUS . 
News flash : flipping off the camera in your photos doesn't make you any more gangster . That is all . 
Not gonna let ' em catch me , no . Not gonna let ' em catch the Midnight Rider . 
And if the bombs go off , the sun will still be shining . Because we've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining . 
Dudes , this Air Wick Wizard thing is THE BOMB . It's like an explosion of aquatic freshness in my face . 
\Men who have never had a woman are as colourless as a day in which the sun is not shining . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Bingen " 
4 more days until the Vikings game . Oh boy . 
I just had a po-boy with cheese , roast beef , mushrooms , grilled onions and some teriyaki sauce . Awesome . Try it sometime . 
Anybody else remember that Fresh < PROPMALE > of Bel-Air episode where Uncle < PROPMALE > broke out Lucielle and pwned that guy in a game of pool ? What an awesome episode . 
< PROPMALE > Eastwood was badass . Case closed . 
Alright , < PROPMALE > Childress , you've officially given us an open invitation to beat the living Houshamazada out of < PROPFIRST > Favre . You'd better have an ambulance on call . 
So , Waffle House . It's really late . But I love omelettes . 
Here's to you , all you arrogant assholes that go out of your way to go to a location , and then critisize people there for doing whatever it is they do there . 
Dear Civilization IV < PROPFEMALE > - Why do you cheat ? The maximum number of units in a stack is 7 . Don't think I don't notice when I kill 5 of your guys , and you still have 7 in the stack . 
Nailed the key riff for The Saltwater Room chorus . Proud of myself . : 3 
I brought all this so you can survive when law is lawless . 
Speaking of which , anybody else realize how difficult it is to slip the word \pigeonhole\ " into intelligent conversation without sounding like you're forcing the issue ? Pretty darn difficult . " 
For < PROPFEMALE > - Because even 13 years after they put you in the ground , you're still alive . 
When did X-Play stop being informative and become little more than a springboard for < PROPFIRST > Web's apparent bid at a career in stand-up comedy ? 
So , what is Aizen going to morph into next chapter , guys ? A submarine ? A T-Rex ? A Panzer ? Who knows ? 
So , I was watching the new Saw VII trailer . And through the whole thing I was like ^_^ , but then I saw < PROPFEMALE > in the trap at the very end and I went from ^_^ to O_O to : O in like 5 seconds . 
I was going to throw you a party . There was going to be cake . All of your friends were invited . Even the Companion Cube . But he couldn't make it , because you murdered him . 
Look again . THE TICKETS ARE NOW DIAMONDS . 
Stomach feels better . : D Thank you , God , for answering that prayer I sent you . It was a day late , but , better late than never , right ? 
\Don't disappoint me . Or I'll make you WISH you could die . \"" 
So , Bleach had one of the silliest endings to anything ever . It was cool and all , but the amount of asspulling that went along with it was just absolutely ludicrous . 
Voulez-vous coucher avec mort ? 
So , I noticed how in Dragonball Z < PROPFEMALE > , they replaced < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > as Frieza's voice . WTF ? = ( 
Just realized how difficult it is for him to NOT make a sexual innuendo . XD 
\What kind of special deals ya got goin' ? \ " - I hope I'm half as cool as Grandpa in Dr. < PROPFEMALE > when I'm that old . " 
I JUST PUNCHED A HURRICANE ! 
I finally figured out what those keys were for Krook's March that I've been trying to figure out for 4+ months now . Turns out , it was GbAbFbAb . And it sounds AMAZING now that I know both parts . 
\Would it be lumbersome for you to eject your breastual units from the front of your cotton-based mammary covering so that my optic sensors can take in their visual stimulation ? \"" 
So , this homemade ice cream deal isn't as easy as I remember it being in kindergarten . 
I'm gonna kill ya husband now , Mrs. < PROPMALE > ! 
If there's one thing I've learned from 1,000 Ways to Die , it's this - don't screw with Mother Nature . Because you'll probably die . 
Passion Pictures never fails to constantly leave me dumbfounded with their ineffably beautiful work . 
So , < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World was a pretty badass movie . Loved the fight sequences with the evil exes . = D 
So , I just slept for 15 hours . Awesome . 
Would I tame this great being so that every moment of her time was devoted to me ? Would I focus her eyes so that they could see nothing but my face ? I should rejoice that I am a part of her , rather than resent that I'm not more of her . 
Everything is OK in the end . If it's not OK , it's not the end . 
Maybe I'll play my DS . For the first time in a year . XD 
Beautiful , on the weekends , does stunts for Little < PROPFIRST > in gay movies . 
1,830,069 total healing done in AV in a single batteground . And word , homies . 
Saw VII tommorow ! : ) It's gonna be kewl . 
So , I just trimmed my own beard for the first time in ... ever . I did pretty good too , considering I can't see shit out my left eye . : D 
Saw VII tonight at 8:00 ! Woohoo ! 
Saw 3D was really cool . Gruesome-ass traps too . : D 
Badassery , thy name is Hoffman . 
18 days until I'm 20 . Oh boy . 
I think that perhaps I may have to battle seven evil exes in while here . 
Anybody else notice that you sound completely different on video than you do in real life ? XD 
I confess , without shame , that I am sick and tired of fighting - it's < PROPFEMALE > is all moonshine ; even success the most brilliant is over dead and mangled bodies , with the anguish and lamentations of distant families , appealing to me for sons , husbands , fathers ... 
So , earlier today , a Destruction Warlock told me that I ( a Holy Priest ) was playing a noob class and that it took no skill to heal . Anyone that's ever played WoW will understand my sentiments when I say HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA . 
Drexel is a pretty cool name , isn't it ? Don't ask me where I got it . You won't like the answer . 
You cannot qualify war in harsher terms than I will . War is cruelty , and you cannot refine it . 
Life - no one ever makes it out alive . 
Hooray ! I've been 20 for 2 whole minutes and I already feel old . XD 
Circle me and the needle moves gracefully back and forth ; if my heart was a compass , you'd be north . 
If any of you get the < PROPMALE > to get one of the Air Wick Winter Luxury Edition scents , do that . They smell ORGASMAZING . 
My vote for worst side effect ever ? Impending sense of doom . 
Faux silk has got to be the worst material ever stain-wise . You sneeze on it , you sweat on it , you blow bubbles near it , you so much as look at it wrong and it stains . 
Today's match will be in ... THE GULLY ! : D 
Look up a song on Youtube from The Big O called \Tears\ " and tell me it's not the saddest song you've ever heard . " 
Today is December 9th . That means that today is your birthday . I'm sorry I couldn't come visit you . You're kind of a long walking distance away . If I wasn't so sure it'd be freezing by the time I got back , I'd do it , but I don't plan on seeing you again quite yet . Hope you're still resting in peace , kid , and happy birthday . 
Well , obviously , we have a -rapist- in < PROPMALE > Park . 
Man knows not the time nor place of his death - only of it's inevitability . 
When you read this , hum the old Yoshi's Island theme to yourself and tell me you don't smile . 
Breaking into Stormwind City . With a Priest . And making it all the way to the Stormwind Stockade . Without dying . Impossible ? Yes . Am I doing it ? Yes . 
You shall build a turtle fence . 
\Priests - Pray all you want ; God likes us more . \"" 
* cough FOR THE HORDE cough * 
Oh my God . They're making a < PROPFIRST > movie . Yeah , < PROPFIRST > . That noob from Youtube ? The annoying , whiny kid that speeds up his videos ? That kid got a movie deal . GG , Hollywood . 
Interesting historical tidbit - pirates didn't wear eyepatches because they had a bum eye . They actually wore them so that if the ship was attacked during the night , one eye would already be adjusted to the darkness and they could give orders more quickly . 
Word of the Day : Callipygian . Having shapely buttocks . 
