is pretty bored , Blah . 

can't wait for this weekend - I've missed my mexican ! 
is chillin ' at home . 
says screw it . 
is working all week , then getting drunk this weekend ! 
rain rain , go away ! 
is in mourning . My betta & mini fiddler crab are both dead . =( I'm leaning toward murder - suicide . 
is working til 3 today . I definatly like working nights better . 
Thinkin ' about another tatoo ... I have a couple of cool ideas . 
Anyone want a kitten ? There's seven at my mom's , all very cute , and all but two have extra toes ! 
Had a good weekend , went trail hopping in < PROPMALE>'s new truck , got stuck twice & muddy as hell , but had a blast ! 
is pretty pissed . More than pissed really , but it's close enough . 
Going to mom's to ride my horse . He's getting fat from laying around all the time , since I'm hardly up there anymore =( I hate not having them right outside . 
wants to go camping !! Maybe next weekend ? I do so love Trout lake , but I hate the DNR . They will sneak up on you like ninjas out of the darkness . 
Heading to Gladwin this weekend . Maybe I'll be able to sneak a ride in =D Then to Houghton Lk . for a b-day bash & some jager bombs ! 
I need something to do this weekend ... Hmmmm ..... 
I love summer ! I also love my friends , and had an effing awesome weekend . =) 
got a new < PROPFEMALE > ! I still need a name for her though ... 
\Tomatoes dried by the sun . Do you hear me ? The sun ! \ " That commercial makes me laugh every time it comes on . Like just now . XD " 
Speed show in Mt . P tonight ! =D 
Ugh , I'm an effing lobster after kayaking this weekend . 
So there is a remake of Red < PROPFEMALE > comming out in november . WTF ? Why can't they just leave good old movies alone ? And you just know it will be nowhere near as awesome as the original . =| Not impressed . 
Going tubing later ! =D I've never actually been tubing down a river before , so it should be fun . 
Well , tubing was fun , except for the fact it started to rain about an hour into our four hour trip , and continued to storm for another two . And our Ziploc bag got a hole in it , so < PROPMALE>'s phone is toast and all of our cigarettes got soaked . Other than that though , it was great ! 
I miss my friends . The old ones , the good ones . The ones that are so far away . =( 
=D Good times , good times ... 
Can't wait for tomorrow , tubing down the Cedar river ! =D 
Ugh ... Will the drama never cease ?!? 
Tubing was a blast , exept I didn't think to put sunscreen on my legs , so the fronts of my legs up to my mid-thighs are pretty burned . And the backs are still pale as ever . Hmph ... 
Oh I just can't wait for this weekend ! Camping with the horses & the family =D 
Curse my amazing abilities of procrastination !! Since yesterday was not the most productive , I have twice as much stuff to do today . You think that would teach me something , but it doesn't . 
Camping was a blast ! Exept mom's stupid horse kept getting loose , and it stormed like crazy all saturday night and sunday . So when we woke up sunday , all of our stuff was soaked & there was like four inches of water in the firepit . Still awesome though ! 
So I'm watching \Fistful of Dollars\ " and I've come to the conclusion that young < PROPMALE > Eastwood is pretty damn sexy . Though I always did have a soft spot for cowboys ;) " 
All thoughts & prayers to the Padella and Govitz families . A real tragedy ... 
I remember when I used to sleep in ... like ' til noon , 1 , 2 . Now I'm up and awake , and it's 7:30 . Lame . 
Charter cable , you will drive me to kill . These damn pixels are laughing at me right now , in their glitchy way . WHY CAN\T YOU JUST WORK ?!?! " 
I've become a coffee drinker . It used to give me migraines , but for some reason , it doesn't anymore . Weird . 
Waiting for < PROPMALE > to put his new [ huge ! ] tires on the truck , then going for a little trail ride . =D Hopefully we don't get stuck ! Then it's up to Gladwin for a bit . 
Going to the Midland fair , so hopefully it quits raining soon ! 
So my mom , ever the horse trader , is going to Alpena on wednesday to trade < PROPFEMALE > for an appy gelding + 400$ and some hay for delivering her . She hasn't had to pay any money for four of the ten horses we've owned over the years ! I hope he's nice , I <3 appaloosas ! 
yesterday , on the way home from work , < PROPMALE > realized his radiator hose was completely off , and the clamp was loose like someone unscrewed it . We're both pretty sure it couldn't have come off by itself , because he just changed that hose like two months ago . So idk . If anything else happens though , < PROPMALE>'s gonna be pissed , and so will I . 
New horse ! =D He's a big fat appalosa with a bit of an attitude and pretty rough looking feet . He reminds me of Cherokee in a way . Idk , hopefully he works out ! <3 
Why does everyone want to plan stuff on the same weekends ?!? I can't be everywhere at once people ! 
It's looking kinda nasty outside .... I hope it doesn't start storming , since I'm home alone : 0 
Ugh ... Who knew being a grown-up would suck this hard ? 
This weekend will be fun . Going to ride my horse . And drink . And < PROPFEMALE > out with some people . What more do I need ? =) 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I will be in Gladwin friday or saturday , and I promise I will call you . Furthermore , I will also take you riding . Promise . <3 
The stupid weather man this morning kept using the f-word . Pretty soon they'll be using the dreaded s-word . I am not looking forward to that . 
<3 ' s her man ! 
Kickin ' it old school this morning with some Good < PROPFEMALE > =) And it always seems those little things , they take the biggest part of me . And I know that those little things make the biggest part of me . Break down . 
Grrrrr . I was hoping my hair would turn out lighter than it did . Guess I'm stuck with ( slightly less ) dark hair unless I get some hardcore bleach . 
is bumming . It's a lot of little things , but put together it's a lot . And I hate the way I feel right now . 
So I need some anniversary ideas ... October 12th will be three years , and we want to do something , we just don't know what ! Hmmm ... 
How\ 
many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ? Here's a \ 
task for you ! I want ALL my FB friends to comment on this status how you\ 
met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the \ 
same to you . You'll be amazed at the results you get . Hmm .. lets see \ 
who's gonna comment . 
I'm so happy , ' cause today I found my friends . They're in my head . I'm so ugly , that's okay ' cause so are you , broke our mirrors . 
Today is < PROPFIRST>'s birthday , and it makes me feel old to have a seventeen year old little brother ! lol 
Summer is over . Officially . =( 
Every time I see the Fushigi commercial , it makes me want to order one . Then I would hunt down those people and beat them to death with it . And act like it's super amazing magic . =) 
Got my bow sighted in ! My inner left arm is just one big bruise . You think I'd learn to quit snapping it , but not yet . I also went squirrel hunting and cleaned one for the first time ever . I had a very redneck weekend ! =) 
is sick . =( 
I'm still sick and it sucks ... Last night was the first night I felt good enough to go sit in my tree stand , and I didn't even see any deer ! But I''m determined to get a deer with my bow , even better if it's before < PROPMALE > =P 
Is soooooo exited !! Ahh ! Trying not to get my hopes up too high , but damn ! =D 
AHHHH !!! We finally have our own place !!! I'm so amped !! =D 
is going over to the house to start cleaning ... Hopefully we'll be moving in by next weekend !! I am sooo exited !! =D 
Is waiting for this weekend , so we can move into our new place ! I just wish I had a place to keep my horse . 
Holy crap it's nasty outside ... I hate being home alone when it storms . =/ 
Can't wait for the weekend ! =) 
=) 
I never get on here anymore , so if you need to talk to me just text me , or send a postcard , or even an owl . That would be pretty cool , so if your really my friend send a post owl . 
Ahhhh !!! So guess where I will be saturday . At the Dow with Korn , Disturbed and Sevendust that's where !! I am beyond amped !! XD 
My ears are ringing , I'm slightly deaf and I have a sore throat from hell . That was the best concert ever ! Korn was the best , they just rocked . But Disturbed was awesome . Sevendust was good too . 
I wish I had some flippin ice cream . Like cookie dough . Mmmmmm . 
Preparing for a night of call of duty thanks to the guys . Thank god there's a computer lol ! 
