The stars incline ; they do not determine . 

< PROPFEMALE > is a high virtue , but virtue can hurt you . 
... und um Erlösung wirst du flehen . 
I rule here , insect . 
I like the way you struggle , but you know I'm here to win . 
Could you miss your own humanity ? 
Cynicism makes the heart grow farther . 
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world , are the ones who do . 
Oh you bastards .. 
God hasn't always been listening to me , hell has it's way with the pros . 
Spend some quality time with the demons of mine .. 
Cell phone's dead .. nuff said . 
All I need is this City in this mind , and I will get by . Fuck sleep , fuck all of you ! But I can never look back , because you never get a second < PROPMALE > .. I like people who can take the pressure ! Our new time has come , ladies and gentlemen , boys and gir 
If you want crazy , If you want fucking crazy , I'll show you how to be crazy : fuck YOUUUU !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Three citations , one month ? I'm on a roll .. 
Moving ? 
Learn to follow the wolves . 
I'm not so invincible now . 
Something is amiss here .. 
And suddenly .. I MISS MY LASER ! 
God damnit , I'm two hours EARLY for class .. -.-' 
Technical terms at their finest . Me : Its prolly still in the registry . Lisha : You know I'm not good with this shit , lol . Lisha : Heh ? Me : This doodad that does stuff that is composed of the doohickeys you put into your what-cha majigger . Lisha : Lol , ooooh that , okay . 
Is it bad when your professor is searching for ways to discover whether or not his class is \mentally ill \"?" 
I really suck at this sleep thing . 
The calm road isn't working very well . 
Holey fawks ... I'm makin a fuckin laser on that note ! 
(-(- . (-.-) . -)-) 
All shall fear my lasery wrath . 
I think my brain just broke . 
FUCKERS STOLE MY THUNDER !! 
All I need is this City in this mind , and I will get by . Fuck sleep , fuck all of you ! 
I'll kill you with laughter .. trust me . 
A < PROPMALE > , in my own mind . 
In this hole , its a 6 to 1 ratio . And the 1 comes out on top . 
And I was almost asleep .. -.-' 
What a tangled web we weave . 
Truth begets hatred . 
It is a good day to die . 
The corruptor of souls .. 
Ya ever hit someone in the ear , just to hear a fight club line ? I know I have . 
Filthy .. irritants . All of em . 
Spend some quality time , with the demon of mine . 
I am an enemy of time and space . Its war now . 
What's on my mind ? Its 5 mother fuckin in the god damn mornin . That's whats on my mind .. and soda .. soda would be nice . 
Ain't found a way to kill me yet . 
These black rain drops keep falling down . And I may never know why . 
Pardon me , while I burst into flames . 
The worms are on the march . 
Riddles , riddles , riddles ... and so much more to come . 
BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD ! 
There is no such thing as innocence , only degrees of guilt 
RAAAGGGHHH !!!! 
Zeal is it's own excuse . 
What's on my mind ? Why it's rolly time ... bitches ... 
Burn the Heretic .. Kill the Mutant .. Purge the unclean . 
Walk straight for a final solution . 
No rest for the wicked . 
* twitch * 
Let the strength of your will match the stone of your walls . 
Done with everything , die for nothing . 
They don't make em like they used to . 
Stupid fucks .. 
Take me away , anyway that's not my way , I don't care .. I don't care which way . Toss me aside , I won't crash , I will never trust . Done with everything , die for nothing . 
Shadow , my sweet shadow . No one loves you . 
Words are spoken , reason is unheard . 
I miss my laser . 
Irony is my friend . 
\And now 
And the gears are turning . 
I stab people , 4 , 5 people everyday . \ 
\ 
I tried to see a shrink to stop that shit but it ain't no FUCKing way-\ 
I stabbed him , stabbed his nurse and his fucking cat ! \ 
Stabbed them ! Stabbed them all like that . 
is awaiting the return of the laser . 
\The true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be . \"" 
The laser- Part one of two .. HAS ARRIVED !!! 
I've spoken to fools , the intelligent , and the narcissistic .. and they are one in the same . 
Certain demeanors provoke similar responses . Remember that children . 
Hey ! What are you looking at ? \ 
She was a happy girl the day that she left me . \ 
She turned away what was she looking at ? \ 
She was a Sour Girl the day that she met me . \ 
She was a teenage girl when she met me ... 
isn't ready for square nothing yet .. 
Everywhere I look you're all I see , \ 
Just a fading fucking reminder of who I used to be . 
Sometimes ... I like to be awesome . And thus I was . 
Yay three hours ! 
Greeat ... laptop won't charge . 
And you'll see that beauty fades when she dies . 
Worst wake-up ever .. 
Now help me pray for the death of everything new . 
Now in the dark world where I dwell , ugly things , \ 
and surprising things , \ 
and sometimes little wondrous things , spill out at me constantly , and I\ 
can count on nothing . 
Spend some quality time with the demon of mine . 
And it's back to the book . 
is disappointed in master locks for being so \ 
easy .. 
Sometimes , it's so very nice to hate you all . :) 
Fuel to the fire . 
Today is gonna be one long ass day . 
If you ever have to give up , go with < PROPFEMALE > and head held high . 
Dear 6th Ave Unimart . I hate you . 
Who has StarCraft 2 ... I do .. Take that worms ! 
How disappointing .. 
I am immortal , I rule the slaughter , and side by side we ride . 
I've named her Mystery . There is no face , no voice , no memory . She'll be my Mystery . 
Sometimes , I feel like I could rule the world .. and someday , you will get yours . Wish- that it is not by my hand . 
It's the grey days that I'll remember the most , it's the grey times in the water before morning . 
Our thoughts can flow and change just as things in the universe flow and change , but a word , once uttered , cannot be changed . 
Imagine if this all came down . 
Heavy about everything but my love . 
Sometimes , just watching you live makes me hate you . 
Ride , side by side . Touching the fire in the soul of ours , tonight as we ride- into the moonlight . 
All I need is this City in this mind , and I will get by . Fuck sleep , fuck all of you ! But I can never look back , because you never get a second < PROPMALE > .. I like people who can take the pressure ! Our new time has come , ladies and gentlemen , boys and girls . Welcome the fuck home ! 
Take time away , go rage my friend . Everyone goes far here- today , and I can see the change come- here . 
Yep ... I'm ready to leave again .. 
Some say the end is near . Some say we'll see armageddon soon . I certainly hope we will cause I sure could use a vacation from this silly shit , stupid shit ... 
SKizzBeeF , The Omniscient ! 
Sooner or later the nights with the Satyr will bring back the memory leaving you money and time . 
Don't forget who the real monster is here . * grins * 
\Oh don't talk of love\ " the shadows purr 
Push back the square now that you need her- But you don't , so there you go . \ 
Pushed back to square now that you've kneed her- in the throat . Well there you go . 
What a crap-tastic night . See ya in a few months Mr. Laptop . 
wants to watch westerns , drink beers , smoke reds , and pass out . Random as it may be , it sounds comforting , admit it . 
Schenk mir dein Herzblut , Vergieß es für mich . Schick mir die Sintflut , Lass es regnen auf mich ! 
We are the chosen ones , we sacrifice our blood , We kill for honour . \ 
We are the holy ones , our armour stained with blood , We killed the dragon . 
Desktop Graphics Card : 200°F\ 
Laptop battery : Dead . \ 
New fan for Graphics Card : 13.99 ( that's with shipping)\ 
New Laptop charger : $24.88 \ 
$11 difference between laptop and desktop : Irritating . 
Someday , I'll end you . 
loves racial slurs . 
I can rebuild you- I can make you stronger , faster , more compact ... and bad ass . But you'll look a bit ghetto-rigged . That okay ? 
The curse of memory is to be plagued with flashbacks for the rest of your life . 
Angers worst enemy : Stoicism . 
Often , you only need three words for any situation . 
There are those to whom knowledge is a shield , and those to whom it is a\ 
weapon . Neither view is balanced , but one is less unwise . - Keeper Annals 
So GMail just interrogated me , and texted me .. because I typed my password wrong twice . Then forced me to change my password . Hell brings the fury of google security . 
Nearing the end of my crippled state . I shall soon be travel worthy ! 
Knowledge is power , guard it well . 
What a waste of a perfectly good Friday night . 
Tick ... tock .. 
Needs an impossibly epic movie .. Like Lord of the Rings crossed with Shoot Em Up and 300 . 
For the first time in five years , I may have found a trail . 
I think I may just shit brix . 
No one has earned my ire quite like you . Count the days foreward this time . 
The end is nigh ! 
Devils Advocate ready .. and- GO ! 
Your heartbeat has stopped- Your soul is mine . 
Think it's about that time again . 
I love how I set facebook to auto scroll like I'm watching the news ticker on CNN . 
He's back from the dead .. Straight back from hell . 
And so it begins . 
Some people have it best . Until later . 
This .. is .. FREI-TAG !! 
Burn down Jerusalem ! \ 
Light up , and carpe diem ! 
I have made a decision today . And it's one that the whole world will pay . 
Boldly stride the doomed . 
' Till things are brighter , I'm the Man In Black . 
We live in a world of waves , both good and bad . But no matter how they roll , it's not about how you roll with them . But how you can stand through them . 
So it begins . 
Now everyone , imagine life ... if I was a cop . :D 
Burn down Jerusalem- Light up and Carpe Diem ! 
Ride , side by side , touching the fire in the soul of ours , tonight as we ride-\ 
into the moonlight 
Fucking stars . 
Tick-Tock .. Tick-Tock .. 
Duffman never dies , only the actors who play him . HOO-YEAH ! 
Decided to listen to Iron Maiden , Two Minutes to Midnight .. only to realize I started the song at 11:58 pm . My night is complete . 
I bring tidings of doom .. and christmas cookies ! WHO WANTS ONE !? They're laced with love and arsenic ! :D 
Time to spread the news . We just had a drive by . Town is goin to hell . 
is too observant at times . 
There's a traitor in our midst . >.> 
I think I just noticed something and I must ask .. is the ground floor open tomorrow ? o.O 
Has discovered his new laser . * evil grin * 
Falling from grace ' cause I've been away too long . \ 
Leaving you behind with my lonesome song . \ 
Now I'm lost in oblivion . 
That just fucked up the whole system of < PROPMALE > . 
METALL !!! * head bangs * 
I need someone highly knowledgeable in advanced electronics . Know anyone ? 
How could I be condemned for the things that I've done ... if my intentions were good ? 
I'm thinkin about taking on the great elimination .. It's long overdue . 
Adding a challenge to your life , day by day . 
