I'm cured ! lol Time to party in baggage ! lol jk 

My hair's growth has been stunted ... Why ?!! lol It never grows when I want it to ! :( Can't do nothing ! lol -- I've been watching too much < PROPFIRST > Lopez lol 
Dont know why i take these stupid ass quizzes ... they just bring up bad memories 
is ready to throw myself off the highest building ... good day my ass ! That astrology thing lies ! 
The pain in my chest is the only thing that keeps me linked to you . If i had been stronger , would you still be with me . Do you too have nightmares and dark nightly episodes ? Are you still out there or did u succeed in what i could not ? Did you leave me alone to beg for death or are you still out there crying with me ? I have no answers , so i feel as though I'm deteriorating from the inside out and no one can help . 
No more work ! Its gonna suck today ... Kill me now ! 
Yes !!! Two days off woohoo ! 
The guy at Long < PROPFIRST>'s Silver must really love his job lol 
You're the best thing I ever had .. A goddess I didn't deserve and now I'm nobody without you .. An empty shell with a colorful mask 
6 years and the skies are still gray ... Will the sun ever come out again ? 
Never going to sleep !! lol 
hates being home ... cant stand this stupid ass place !! 
Had the best day ever roaming the city with < PROPMALE > Sanchez ... I miss my < PROPFEMALE > again already lol 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type your first name . Post this as your status and the results as the first comment ... 
Too early for work !! Please let this day go by fast ! Busy busy please ! 
Work =D evastating Boredom ... Damn the white powder from the hellish skies for canceling all the flights at my job ... So bored ! 
Hoping 2nite will be great ! :D 
Yay !! Finally A Relax Day !! lol 
Getting use to not sleeping 
Reading up on the way of the Shinto 
Oatmeal !! Yum Yum on a rainy day lol Dorky ! 
Feeling mellow as hell to The Rolling Stones ... Love this song ! lol 
Loves it < PROPFEMALE > it rains ... it feels like my heart has manifested itself on the sky ... its beautiful 
Its must be National Dumbass Day at Midway Airport 2day b.c these ppl are more stupid then usual ... Damn i wish i wasn't here 
Loving the way ur hair looks in the morning sun 
Feels wonderful to actually lay down lol 
Hidden in the hearts of my characters and ignite my soul with their fears and regrets 
Time 4 bed ... 3 hours of sleep here i come yay ! lol 
I just came out 2 my father and it feels wonderful .... i feel like im actually able 2 breathe for the first time in years 
Losing my mind ... 
Ah ! No ! My phone's about 2 kill itself ... y ?! ... lol 
Could just kill myself .... Cant believe this shit 
Is having the worse week of my life ! ..... no no second worse week of my life ... i wish it would just end already :( 
feeling like such a loser ... i wish this week would end already 
There may have been times I hurt you , times you even thought I betrayed but I've never once stop loving you ... my heart is fragile so my shield must be strong so I push you away hiding my feelings beneath this translucent skin but I'd give away my last breath to see you happy 
Always sees this cute older couple chinese woman and white red-headed man not greatly attractive but still adorable together lol .... loving my morning train rides ! 
Hating these stupid computers at school ... i miss my < PROPMALE > ! 
So bored and tired ... maybe i should just blow up the earth ! Lets see ... i just need a few sticks of gum , a lighter , a cigarette , a plastic bag , and a hanger ... anyone wanna donate ? lol 
Stupid conscience ! No good whore ! lol 
Seems like the sky is crying wit me ... it feels comforting if only just a lil 
Friends ... the worst concept created by emotions 
Disgusting ! Just my luck ... not even on my shift 4 5mins b4 some lil girl hacks up all over ticket ... nasty ! 
Dressing 4 work on the train again ... lol can't wait 4 this day 2 be over 
Yay ! Grilled cheese ! lol 
is really hating having 2 get changed on the train ... now i got some strange guy staring at me giving me a thumbs up ... WTF ! I think i should beat his ass but then ill most likely be late 4 work ... guess im not catching a map on the train 2day ... Damn pervert ! 
When the scars stop burning ... u begin 2 miss her more but eventually she'll be back at ur flesh 
I hate this place so much ... I wish it would all just end and whither into nothing 
I wish i could dissipate to ash , maybe then i wouldn't feel so much ... and people would have reason to forget me 
Had the best time with < PROPMALE > Sanchez yesterday in Chinatown ... Hate that I have work today wish I was back there , I miss my < PROPFEMALE > already ! lol 
I hate Prospect ... I hope it burns down ! 
Wondering why i ever quit ... 
Went fishing yesterday with my dad and my bro < PROPMALE > Demitro and had an awesome time ... the fishies have become smarter , looking at the bait and thinking , \Bitch u crazy 
Suspended on the day i was gonna call off ... some funny shit lol 
Ahhhhhhh !! Morning ?? ... okay i guess :( 
So tired ... cant wait to actually get some sleep ! I know its lame but ... mucho SLEEPY !!! 
Falling back into my old bad habits ... If it's so wrong why does it feel so wonderful ? 
Maybe I'll never get over this feeling ... but for right now I'm just going to embrace it . So don't try saving me , I don't want your salvation ! 
Freaking out so not use to this 
Forget this ! Ur dead u fuzz ball ! 
It just won't die ... total suckage 
As long as I play my role and you never see , then you'll never cry and I'll never see your sadness ... some secrets are better kept buried far beneath the surface 
Dang < PROPFEMALE > hogging my pillow ... raar ! lol 
Hope everyone knows how to swim cuz we gonna have a great flood ... lol jk 
:( ... simple 
feeling so abandoned ... just want 2 lay in bed and stare at the wall all night 
Feeling so dizzy like the room keeps spinning .... 
loving the sound of ur voice 
Ahhh ! These ppl are driving me crazy with all their ideas and such ... please stop liking me ! 
Wishing this day would end ... 
Guess ill be pulling an all nighter for sure tonight ... 2 tests tomorrow and no makeups ... FML !!! 
Who would miss me anyway ... no one 
So burnt out and feeling like a failure ... Im sick of everyone relying on me and putting so much pressure on me ... i just want 2 sink into my dark place and sleep there 4 all eternity 
Loving the way you feel beneath my fingertips 
So sick of this bullshit ! fml ! 
Such a beautiful day can't wait til i get out of skool lol :D I'm free ! No one can stop me ! muah haha ... well atleast not until after 12 lol 
Almost time to leave for work ... Raar ! I hate you Prospect ! 
If I ever end up blind im getting a monkey ! yay ! 
Raar ! Ull never take me alive ! Muah haha ! 
NINJA ASSASSIN !!! BEASTLY ASS MOVIE ! HELL YEAH ! 
I cut u ! muah haha ! 
Just too much to handle ... 
I'm probably the worst person in the world rite now and I know I'll probably regret it later but I just can't stop 
Loving today .. so beautifully awesome 2day lol 
Feeling sexy and devilish lol ;) 
Anybody wanna chill at the beach today ?? I'll be downtown at 12 street beach around 2:30 text me lol 
So confuzzled rite now !! Dont know which way to choose ... someone kill me ! 
If you love me at all , just be honest with me ... It might hurt at first but at least I know I can trust you ... That's all I ask , so stop hiding in the shadows with your muddled feelings its driving crazy and I need some sleep already ... Sheesh ! 
Work at 5 p.m. ... FML Wat's the use of hiring more leads when I still have to close ... Sheesh ! 
You make me hate u so much ... don't worry i won't need ur help anymore .. im use 2 being betrayed and alone ... Ur nothing more than a ripple in this stupid little pond but soon the drought will come and this pond will dry out and everyone shall forget its existence 
Had a crazy awesome day at the beach with < PROPFEMALE > Chavez and < PROPMALE > Sanchez yesterday !! Yay !! Sex shark strikes again ! You won't get away from me ! HeeHee lol Reminded me of the good old days :D 
Wishing i lived alone maybe then i could have a lazy day with no one calling my name ... how i hate the week days 
I feel so alive Woohoo !! 
So badly want my piercings !! Anybody know any cheap places ? 
Grr !! Back to work I go ... no more vacation for me :( Oh well was fun while it lasted :P 
Work total sucks ... 3 hours down 5 1/2 more 2 go ... 
Hating my stupid ass job ... I should've called off ... not only am I missing the pride parade ... I feel sick 2 my stomach 
Well I was having a great day until about 20 minutes ago ... 
I miss the feel of your lips , the feel of your body pressed against mine , the way your hair felt between my fingers and now knowing I can't have that anymore makes me want to curl up into a ball and hide 
I'm the worst person in the world ... I wish I could just hide because everyone I love I hurt .. Its my fault we're like this 
I don't even have to hide ... It's not like u'll notice me anyway 
Back to my dark place ... 
Chillin wit my fam on the for the fourth ... gonna have a good time and try to forget how ur a back stabbing son of a bitch and how i should never trust anyone ! 
Feeling so much better today .... guess I'll just have to save that vodka for another day !! :P 
can't wait to get home and drink ... looks like ill be needing that vodka after all 
Finally the tears have ceased ... I can finally sleep peacefully tonight on a dry pillow 
Time to pull out the grill lol woohoo ! Bar b que ! lol 
watching the White Sox game with my dad ... yay Sox ! 5-1 so far ... couldn't ask for a better day 
I hate these stupid thoughts in my head ! I think I need professional help ... and sleep :P 
Work at 1 ... Ahhhh !!! I wish it was already over !! 
Totally demented ! 
Keeps getting worse ... I don't know what to do anymore ... Will these scars ever heal ? 
This day feels like its never goin to end ! God I hate this place so bad ... I just wish it would burn down lol 
Finally found someone to have an intellectual conversation with among all the stupid fucks at Midway 
????????????????? 
Some of my favorites ... gotta love the devil music lol 
This day is going by so slow ... someone kill me ! 
Love it when you speak in a different language softly in my ear ... it's sexy ! :D 
The scars just mean you were real and I wasn't delusional ... 
A little vodka makes all things feel better ... lol 
Alesana my new love ... Headbanging with liquor is awesome !! 
Had the best day with < PROPFIRST > Beeman ! Eclipse was a great movie , however I was really disappointed in Avatar ! Avatar sucked < PROPFEMALE > firebender balls ! Then chilled by the set of Transformers 3 and almost got into a fight with a crackhead ! Crazy day , but still fun ! :P 
I'm a canvas for your beauty , a slave to your passion , a wanderer to your eyes , and an addict to your touch . These are the reasons I just can't seem to leave you 
So drunk at the beach 
I love my friends ! Had an odd but good day at the beach with < PROPMALE > Sanchez , < PROPFIRST > Almazan , and < PROPFEMALE > Villegas ... Thank you guys for making my day even if I was being a little stupid . I love you guys ! 
Wish I was back at the beach ! :P 
Finally my writer's block has loosened its demonic grip ! 
Literary Orgasm ! Everything I've been missing is now flowing through my veins at full speed ready to burst through the barrier of my flesh ! It's simply amazing ! 
You can't rely on anyone ! No one cares . Don't let them fool you , they don't give a shit ! You're all alone . I'm all alone ! So quit with your lies already ! I'll deal with this myself ! 
I finally finished all the episodes of Avatar !! What am I going to watch now ?! I loved it so much :( Me want more Avatar ! ... But I still hate the movie >:P 
Can't wait ... beach time at 4 !! Yay ! 
Had an awesome time at the beach on wednesday with < PROPFEMALE > Steward , < PROPFIRST > Arts Hart , < PROPFIRST > Civeta Dei Woodard , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and Andrew . \ 
Then had a beastly time sleeping over my cousins ' house . Totally pimp !! \ 
And just about to leave for the movies with < PROPMALE > Demitro and < PROPFIRST > Demitro ... God I love these lames !! 
Time to get ready for stupid work Grr ! 
Had an awesome time with Gio and < PROPFEMALE > ! Need more nights like tonight :D 
Looking for a new job ... god I hate this part ! lol 
listening to \Bittersweet\ " by Within Temptation ... such an amazing stress reliever :) " 
Had an awesome time hanging out with < PROPFIRST > today ... then sleepover with my love < PROPFIRST > Hart 
woke up to a sexy sweet woman in my bed ... < PROPFIRST > Arts Hart looks so cute when she's knocked out , makes me wanna poke her with a stick or something . Love you ... lol Had an awesome night scared about some creepy ass girl from The House 2 . Stop mocking us ! lol 
Raar Raar Raar ! Too energetic to sleep ! Grr ! 
is so sore . Only 3 days left on my vacation , gotta make the best of it ! Damn you sore legs ! lol :P 
Time to go chill with my cuzs for my cousin , < PROPFEMALE>'s 22nd Birthday !! Woot Woot !! We gonna have a beastly time tonight !! Wish my thighs were less sore ... oh well time to have fun ! :P 
Beastly ass night with my cousins ... It was so awesome my mind couldn't retain it all :P 
Trying to find myself within the broken pieces you left me in ... Maybe one day I'll actually be able to define myself more than this 
No sleeping yet ... Chatting with my best friend < PROPFIRST > on webcam \ 
Come home already !! :( 
Im dying ! room why won't u stop spinning ? 
Why , if love is so deep and strong , does the heart break as though it were made of glass ? Its not fair and now it will never be just , but I know its not your fault . Its mine . 
That's it for me ! Have fun at work guys ! I'm done with Prospect ! I'm free ! lol 
These nightmares , will they ever end ? I can't take this anymore . I'm sorry ... 
Demons of nostalgia ... Devour my vulnerable soul ... 
If she could only see , she'd cry ... 
Strawberry Panic !!! My newest favorite anime ... Yay < PROPFEMALE > !! lol 
Wishing I went to the school in Strawberry Panic ! Sexy lesbians everywhere ... not one straight !! I wish life was like an anime , preferably this one ! Life is so unfair ! 
When the night howls , flesh burns and bleeds as you remember only of what was and can never be again 
Ready for this day to end !! 
MIA again ! sorry guys im off to explore :D lol anyone wanna join me text me up lol :P 
I'd give anything even my life for just one more day 
I want to hate you but I just can't 
Hating the sun 
Sometimes I wish I could forget everything , but then I'd completely lose myself . It was my fault . It's only regret I'll ever truly possess . 
Samanthha was herre < PROPFIRST > best cousin evaa mii love < PROPFEMALE > muchoo < PROPFEMALE > 
My < PROPFEMALE>'s fur is so soft !!!!! lol 
Total irritating ass day !! Raar !! 
Awesome Day !!! Thai food and Hookah with my loves < PROPFEMALE > Steward and < PROPFIRST > Arts Hart ! < PROPFIRST > Asakura , < PROPFIRST > and I were all kidnapped ... and possibly raped , but it was totally worth it . Thanks guys !!! Needed the night to forget and relax . My friends are the best !! ;P 
Wants to go home ! Back to the same ol ' stupid shit ... I just wanna blow it up ! :( 
45mins til Degrassi !!! lol Can't wait !!! Last one .. :'( lol 
Can't seem to concentrate and keep forgetting where I am ... Ahhhh !!! lol 
Meow !! lol 
so tired ... 
Love talking to drunk ppl on the phone ! They make me smile :D lol 
Just finished watching NBC Dateline : How to Catch a Predator ... WTF is wrong with these sick dumb freaks !! 1 worked for nickelodeon , 1 heard a radio and left just to come back like a dumbass ... nasty ! 
Just woke after a 12 hour nap and feel like total shit ... I hate being sick !! Stupid change of weather !! 
I hate being sick !!!! Raar !! lol 
Just finished watching A Walk to Remember .... Now I feel all sappy lol :D heehee ! 
Im tired but i cant sleep ! What the hell ?! lol raar ! 
Quarantined !!! I hate being sick ! Grr ! Imma kill this sickness !! * Pulls out an AK-74 * Come here ho ! 
5 mins til True Blood ! lol 
I love Ouran High School Host Club !!!!!!!!! ;D lol Hikaru & Kaoru are my faves !!! ;) 
God I wish I was better so I could escape from my house !! 
Time to go mimis !! Nite Nite pplz ! :P 
gudgudohfyshkcmhhlgjsom\ 
snvxhwo !!! 
I hate Comcast cable ! 
Wishing I could go back ... 
My cough drops taste like < PROPFEMALE > canes !!!! Ahh !! 
THESE PPL ARE DISGUSTING !!!!! 
I'll Never Eat Hot Chips Again !!! 
Ahahahahaha !!!! I love Fullmetal Alchemist !!! Poor puppy in episode 13 almost got shot !! :( yet so funny :D 
Errr ... This is the start of a horrible day ... 
So sleepy .... 
Cactus Pear ... My most hated fruit every !! Don't even taste good !!! lol 
Kinda hoping someone picks a fight with me while I'm out ... I just wanna beat someone's ass !! Hmmm .. wonder why lol 
If children don't get 8 hours of sleep a night , they emit a chemical that smells like berries and attracts pedophiles !!! OMG ! 
Sick of this stupid shit !!! I wish you would all just disappear ! Try keeping me in but it wont work ! This place is just a place to sleep thanks to you !! 
Beastly day with < PROPFEMALE > Steward and < PROPFIRST > Asakura filling out applications . All in all great day even if < PROPMALE > almost killed the Hippie and me !! Scary !! lol But fun !! 
Just woke up from a nap ... Weird ass dreams !!! lol 
Raar ! I love you !! Maybe .... hmmm ... Yes !! ^_^ lol 
God save me ! My cuz has me watching < PROPFIRST > Booger ! lol 
Starting to sober up ... total kill ! Wish I was still doing shots :( 
Looking for the good shit lol :P 
Guess I'll be going home ... Wish me luck ! Just gotta find a job so I won't have to go back ! 
Why is it so cold ?! \ 
( Random person : Maybe b/c ur in shorts and a tank top ! )\ 
Shut up ! Its not just me the world's ending ! * runs in circles * lol 
God I hate myself rite now ! 
On the hunt again ... Wish me luck ! :D lol 
My brain is about to explode @_@ Grr ! 
Really does not want to go to school ... God that place is so boring !! Lame ass subject !! I want English !! :( 
Weird ass day ! Roamed around downtown , got a new book , then drained by vampires !! Ahh !! They got < PROPFEMALE > Tawny-Subway Colon too !! lol jk But yup still tired can even text anymore my arm hurts ... * cry cry * But I was $30 richer in the end \ 
( Random Guy : So not worth it ..! ) \ 
( Me : * punch in face * How ' bout now ho ! ) lol jk :D 
I like it on the floor 
I should have never went back to school 
Running thru the house screaming b/c its fun ! lol X_X 
My poor cat is being tortured by my < PROPFEMALE > ! I walk in to find him dressed in a tutu and a clown hat ! Wonder if that's considered ani < PROPFEMALE > l abuse ... Hmmm ... 
Let's get into a fight tonite ... I'm game ! Bring it ho ! 
If I just take myself out of the game , things will never be awkward and we'll never be hurt by each other ... Problem is I can't get you out of my head ... \ 
Where do we go from here ? Hmmm ... 
So exhausted !!! I just wanna take a shower and crash !! Yup yup thats what I'll do 
Feeling so used ... These bastards ! I'm going to sleep 
So sick of people !! Disgusting bastards !! I hate you ! If I ever see you , I swear I'll cut you ! 
feels like such a screw up ! I can't seem to do anything right ! I wish I could just crawl under a rock and hide . 
If only she was here with me under our tree ... just for a day everything would be perfect 
I so have to move the fuck out ... Just need another job ! 
TIRED !!! lol Goodnight 
I don't care if my back hurts I can get enough ... I love them ^_^ ... my books that is ! lol 
:( My mama pimped me out for a free car wash !!! OMG ! I feel so dirty !! 
For some reason , I want to buy a skirt ... Hmmm ... 
Ahh !! I'm turning into a carrot ! 
meow !!!! meow ??? meow !!! meow meow 
I wish emotions would just die so I could shut my brain off for a little bit 
watching friday the 13th ... wtf is wrong with all these stupid females ! No wonder they end up dead ! So many opportunities to kill than be killed and missed every one ! Stupid ! 
Knows when I'm truly sleep deprived ... \ 
* noise in living room , like a sigh*\ 
Me : * Grabs knife and checks*\ 
So sad nothing there to cut ... oh well next time !! ^_^ 
Ahh !! The vampires got me again !! lol Ive been drained again lol but its okay I got money :P \ 
( Random guy : So lame !! )\ 
Me : * staps him in throat * Finally found someone to cut !! Yay !! ^_^ lol 
Happy Birthday to the Big Daddy D !!! I love my daddy !! Cuz he's a beast !! :P 
Awake at 6am on a Saturday !! Injustice !! Another busy day !! Raar !! lol 
finished making chocolate cupcakes !! Woohoo !! 
already hating today ! kill me !! 
About to leave for school ... Raar I'm so tired !! Busy Busy day !! 
On the bus to < PROPFIRST>'s house after beastly nite of hookah and sexy women ! Oh yeah I love my friends ! 
Just about to take a nap !! See ya in a couple hours 
I love < PROPFIRST > Lambert !! ^_^ 
feels like total shit ... 
Urgh !! Another day ... 
InuYasha !!!! Ahhh !! * fangirl scream * ^_^ lol 
is cooking dinner !! Hopefully I wont burn the house down !! lol 
off to < PROPFIRST > Arts Hart's house !!! Woohoo !! lol 
Beastly night at < PROPFIRST > Arts Hart's house !! Shot here and penis there ! Woot Woot !! ;P 
Almost ready to leave for American Girl Orientation . Hope all goes well ! ^_^ 
Still getting ready for school !! I'm so tired I just wanna go back to sleep . I havent really slept in the last two days ... Urgh ! 
Hope that bitch bruises ! 
& hearts ; Yaoi !! & hearts ; Yaoi !! & hearts ; Yaoi !!! & hearts ; lol 
My backpack is trying to kill me ! Thing weighs a ton ! Kill me now ! 
Time for bed ... I love my job but I'm tired ... Time to go mimis lol night !! 
WTF !! I can't believe this shit ! The train is taking forever to move and now im gonna be late ! I just hate today so much ! Fuck you train ! Momentarily my ass ! 
Thank you everyone for all the wonderful and odd birthday wishes !! You guys are so awesome !! Love all of you !! 
Raar !! I need out of this stupid class !! 
Worst morning ever ! I completely destroyed my room ! Hope today gets better ! 
Girl , you know you don't like him ! Come over to the darkside ... We got cookies ! ^_^ 
For anyone trying to text or call me , my phone is off for I dont know how long so yeah !! Facebook's what I got sorry . lol 
When life gives you lemons < PROPMALE > ' em at whoever's closest !! lol 
I feel like I can't breathe I wanna tear off my skin ! 
Cry to the dark and scream at the light , for it is no more than an illusion 
My phone is such a tease !! lol I get incoming calls and texts but if I miss the call I cant call back !! Hatred !! 
Trying to figure out whether I should straighten my hair tomorrow or keep it curly ... hmmm ... 
Time to get ready for work ! lol Yay ! Its gonna be a good day , but shhh ... dont jinx it !! lol 
Work at 12 and I'm completely exhausted ! I just wanna go back to sleep ! 
Ahh !! Time to get ready for work ! So dont wanna go to school today . Anybody got anything better going on ?? lol 
Sucidal Drinking Game !! Fun ! :( 
Raar ! Awesome night with the cuzs ... this is getting ridiculous i need to get my phone soon lol :( 
Muah haha !! Cant wait til monday !! I get my new phone !! :D \ 
Now i is sleepy nite 
I'm so in love with < PROPFEMALE > Hopkins ' book Impulse !!! 
I find it kind of funny . I find it kind of sad . The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had . 
Gabe's a super man-whore !! Jk ... but seriously !! 
Ahhh !! I cant figure out which story to continue writing ... And i need to find the perfect music ! Someone help ! Lol 
Sometimes asking for help is the best thing to do ... But why is it so hard to admit you need it ? 
A man with a crayon on the colorbook of land !! Life is an illusion ... 
Devil May Cry 4 is so awesome !! I wish I could play it all day 
God ! I'm lovin ' all these asians !! Meow !! lol 
They're are some god damn pack rats in this house !! 
Tonight was so awesome ! Still totally suck at RockBand but it was so much fun to be with my chicas . < PROPFEMALE > is crazy though . Slapped her own glasses of her face ! Damn lol Love it ! 
I love Hayao Miyazaki's Howl's Moving Castle !!! I watched it like 12 times in 3 days !! OMG ! ^_^ 
These last two nights have been truly beastly ass hell ! Hookah and Rockband with my sexy ladies < PROPFIRST > Hart , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Steward , & Arelis < PROPMALE > on saturday and drinking with my boys on Sunday . Mmmmm ... gotta love it ! lol 
Looking for work again !! I miss American Girl ! Waaahhh ! :( 
Just about that time to start getting ready ! Yup yup 
You make a joke about it because it makes it less threatening . \ 
Pretty good observation 
Yup looks like I'm definitely sick . Urgh ! I hate the winter . 
Flaming fishsticks ! I love Dragonball Z ! Cell must die ! 
Urgh !! Cleaning the house while I'm sick as hell . Cant wait to move !! \ 
Maybe then when I clean something it'll stay that way ! 
Raar !! Just finished my phone interview for Disney ! I think it went well ! Hope . Hope . Cross your fingers ! lol 
This snow is insane !! Went outside to have a smoke and the snow was halfway up my door ! I hate the winter !! We're all gonna die ! 
Shoveling snow is a bitch ! So glad its done . Some poor woman got stuck in the middle of the street . Luckily we helped her out . Still smells like burning rubber though . Try not to get buried !! 
I cant seem to fall asleep ! So bored ... #_ # 
Looks like I'm finally gonna die ! Hope everyone has fun today ! I'm staying in ! Bye Bye 
Just finished watching SungKyunKwan Scandal . \ 
Love how it ended but I wish there was more . :( * cry cry*\ 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > !! <~~~~ Favorite Character Ever !! ;) 
I wish I could just run away from this place that no longer feels like home 
I'm such a Ramen whore !! lol MMMmmmm ... 
So need to get my own place ! That story was in my grasp but because everyone kept disturbing my dream , it slipped right past my fingertips . Bastards !! It could've been awesome ! Grrr ! \ 
A love story filled with assassins and secrets unknown by everyone , even the host ! * cry cry * I wanted to know how it ended . :( 
I can't help it . I've totally fallen in love in Yoo Ah In ! \ 
He's adorable ! ^_^ ahhh ! * Fangirl scream * 
I love finding discounts ! I'm a discount fiend !! lmao 
Time for sleep .... 
Cant seem to sleep ... Just one of those days i guess 
Such an awesome night !! Took < PROPMALE > Demitro to see his first rock concert for his birthday !! \ 
Escape the Fate was amazing but Alesana is my favorite ! ALESANA !!!! \ 
Moshpit Madness !! Headbutted in the face , elbowed , and punched ... may even end up with a black eye but it was so worth it !! All the bands were amazing !! Cant wait for the next concert !!! Woohooo !!! 
Hopefully I can finish this story tonight !! ^_^ 
Gonna give up the toad now thanks to Lando Griffin !! Lol 
I luvs Robot Chicken !! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s vagina causes death ... Not surprised . lol 
Cooties !! The deadliest infection ever that will cause the world to explode ... as seen on Robot Chicken ! Lol 
Talking sexy to my salad ... God ! It was so good ! ^_^ 
YAY !! AMERICAN GIRL CALLED ME BACK !! I'M SO HAPPY !! 
Gonna play some rockband with my babay Ashidilee lol \ 
Probably gonna be the last time for a long while ... Next week I start my 7 day work weeks ... So sad 
5 more months !! Then no more having to hear about me going out with my friends , or how I sleep all day on my days off , or how I'm just such a bad person no one wants me around and no one will ever want me in the future !! \ 
5 more months ! Can't wait ... 
Smoke detector in the cloud 
Vibrating fruit loops 
Time to nut up or shut up ! Lol 
I love when I get the < PROPMALE > to gush about < PROPFEMALE > Hopkins ! I love her ! 
