had a large portion of black-eyed peas today to cement her good luck for the next year . I know she said 2009 was going to be her year , but it's totally 2010 ! Bring it ! 

went grocery shopping at 6:45 this morning ... How sad is that ?! 
misses the carefree , innocent days of summer break ... Wet N Wild , Six Flags , < PROPMALE > Square ... being an adult is no fun ! Is retiring at 30 totally out of the question ?? 
will find her house today ... She will find her house to-day ... She will find her house- TODAY !! 
may save her pennies and live out of the CTS for a bit ... Shack shopping was a total fail ! Grrr ... 
is ready for another fun filled day in the working world ... no really ... she is ... can't wait ... 
will be boozin it up at Club Stokley tonight ! As for prancing around in a bikini ? Totally not gonna happen ... 
is still recovering from a packed weekend ... Two days a week just ain't cuttin it ! 
is heading out for good food , stellar wine , and awesome company ! 
managed to sign up for a karaoke contest and agree to sing regularly with a rock band last night ... vino is soooo her forbidden fruit , although she doesn't have the excuse of the serpent talking her into it ! 
had another dream about work ; i.e. , it's past time for a vacay . All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > an unhappy girl ! 
has already mentally checked out of work for the week -- or did that happen on Monday ... hmmm ... 
is glad this week is destined to be better than the last since it is a < PROPMALE > of 4 days of Hell- er , I mean , work ! 
needs to pop a Xanax , down a beer , put on her big girl panties , and deal with it ... A weekend with Wilsher is just what the doctor ordered ! 
' s got a brand new attitude and she's gonna wear it tonight . She wants to get in trouble . She's gonna start a fight ! 
partied like it was 1999 ... She's too old for this shit ! 
wants to believe that she erased the 3 days of havoc she wreaked on her body yesterday by eating well , exercising , and abstaining from alcoholic beverages . Makes sense to her ! Oh , and let's all wish < PROPFEMALE > a very happy birthday ! 
is back at her place of employment after 2 days at a work conference ... guess the 30 minute breaks and leaving early are over ... blast ! 
has a ginormous headache and is irritated at her inability to make anything in her life go smoothly ! Grrr !!! 
realizes it's Friday and it's all gonna be alright . 
is back to her normal ( irritable ) self ... It's Monday after all ! What can you expect ?! 
continues to play the Waiting Game ... inconsiderate people never cease to amaze her ... 
is pissed about the strained ligaments in her foot and lack of response from the sellers ! She's gonna need her run tomorrow ... foot be damned ! 
feels like the rope in a tug of war in which there is no win ... only lose-lose ! 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , POST A COMMENT with a memory of you and me . When you are finished , post this paragraph in your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
is welcoming the weekend with a wine tasting event tonight . She MAY even let herself celebrate the impending purchase of home without fear of jinxing it ... depends on what glass she's on , though ... 
enjoyed yet another night of fun-filled insomnia ... no , really ... It was awesome ! 
is hoping < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > can sing her troubles away tonight . Never underestimate the power of music ... especially when crooned by a hottie ! 
is looking forward to spending some time with my \sissy\ " tonight ! " 
is dizzy upside the head ! 
has learned that your stress always catches up to you ... Heart arrhythmia ... awesome ! 
is embarking on \Week de AMC\ " ( seriously ! ) . Let's hope she makes it ... the beta blockers only work for a few hours and cause < PROPMALE > fatigue . It's gonna be a fun week ! " 
has learned that when something seems to be a bad idea , it most likely is ; however , she generally continues to do it anyways ... 
will be heading down to hotter than hell San < PROPFIRST > in a bit and is sad that Kelby no longer lives there ... maybe a stop at Cupcake Junction will make the trip semi-worthwhile ! 
has progressed from feeling the mental acuity of an ameoba to that of an earthworm ... Nevermind the fact that this improvement is dependent on the use of drugs generally taken by the senior population . She was already feeling old this year ... 
is finally starting to let herself believe that in a month from now she will be living in her own house and her < PROPFEMALE > girl will be back at home . PTL ! 
is sporting a super sexy heart monitor today ! It's fully equipped with 5 adhesive nodes , an eff-ton of wiring , and an obtrusive black box reminiscent of a < PROPFEMALE > pack ... Can you say hott , Hott , HOTT ?! 
successfully removed the heart monitoring device with only a few layers of epidermis given up for collateral ! Now , stress test tomorrow ... 
is trying desperately to remind herself that sticks and stones may break her bones , but words will never hurt her . 
acknowledges that the sticks and stones were upgraded to 2X4s and boulders and , yes , it most definitely hurt . The question left to answer now is just how long will the recovery take ... 
is bidding a crappy week farewell and looking forward to Blue October at HOB tomorrow night ! I wanna swim away but don't know how ! 
is gearing up for the Blue October concert . Hate me today , baby , because I snagged tickets to an event that sold out in the pre-sale ! 
is closing on her house one week from today and there are literally a million things left to do ... Procrastination never seems to go out of style no matter how old you are ! 
is taking inventory ... zero boxes packed , no movers booked , no utilities transferred , no cable/internet services ordered , no carpet cleaning scheduled . Dang ... she can't even score an E for Effort on this deal ! 
is stuck in in-service all day today and she's not even a freaking teacher ! Blah ! 
is disappointed by the false alarm ... at least it's still Friday ! 
is tired and sore from a night of boozin , corn hole , and overcrowded twister , but had a total blast ! Miss Overman sure knows how to throw a rockin partay ! 
can't believe that tomorrow is actually closing day ... well ... hopefully ! 
is astounded that the funding is in and the house is really hers ... ALL hers ! Now she's just gotta find a way to believe her own self-talk ... \Packing is fun ! Packing is fun ... \"" 
gets the keys tomorrow and then the real fun will begin ! At least she can look forward to that new flat screen TV ( she shouldn't have purchased ) once all the work is done ... that , and < PROPFEMALE>'s homecoming ! 
performed an exorcism on her closet last night . Nearly 50 shirts , 25 pairs of pants , 6 dresses , and 12 pairs of shoes later , the closet still looks just as full . FAIL ! The keys are coming at noon ... 
overslept after a super long weekend of packing , moving , cleaning , and acting as a makeshift ladder to assist in ripping off the Sesame Street awning affixed to the front of her new home . The movers come tomorrow ... 
' s feet hurt , back aches , hands are raw , and she's ingested at least a pound of dust collectively over the past 2 days , but she's spending her first night in her new home . Nevermind the fact that there's still moving/unpacking yet to do ! She'll think about that tomorrow , as always ... 
is turning in the apartment keys today . Some fun times were most definitely had there , but it's time to move on . The house is coming along , but the work is endless ! Vegas tomorrow , baby ... 
is trying to convince herself that she's feelin lucky ... Video poker , here I come ! Hope they have enough money in Vegas to cover all of my winnings ... Ha ! 
is ( depressingly ) back at work . The week off was much appreciated , but she's not ready to hop back into the same ole ' shit storm . She needs her peeps to send her some positive vibes ! 
is bummed ... nuff said ... 
' s mood is improving and she's looking forward to spending the weekend with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
had some fun with the old LHS peeps last night . Damn , we're all getting old ! 
is still unpacking boxes , listening to the drone of football from the flat screen , and considering inversting in a canoe thanks to the neverending rainfall ! It feels like a Sunday , Sunday ! 
confirmed the suspected culprit in the phone fiasco , but it supposedly happened \on accident . \ " We'll wait and see when Helio finds the tape of the call to make the definite judgment on the situ ... It's always something ! " 
thanks all for the birthday wishes and wild event last night ! She's definitely starting out the year on a high note ! 
has moved to her new residence-check , tackled Vegas-check , passed the D-Day anni-check , dipped her toe into the petrifying 30's pool-check , gotten her furry , fat baby back-check ... So much accomplished and STILL feeling quite unsettled and misplaced ! 
may very well never eat another dessert again ... till next week , that is ... 
: Dearest Mr. Metabolism , Where the eff are you and why have you forsaken me ?? Thanks to you , I'm going to have to take a < PROPFEMALE > from my 2008 and go back to a liquid diet ! Adult beverages are calorie free , right ?? 
THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING . If you are reading this , even if we don't chat that often , comment with one single , unique word that would describe me according to you . Once done , copy this paragraph , as I did , into your status . You might be surprised to read the responses you receive . 
is too thirsty , as usual ... 
has learned that you know you've had a fun weekend when a debit card goes MIA and when you go to search for it at the local Vallero , the clerk instead produces the White House Black Market membership card you left on his counter the night before ... Thanks for the fun times , < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) 
is not feeling all that spiffy . Great ... 
' s first stop is the doctor's office . Drugs , please ! 
restrained herself from coughing on the haters today and spreading her cooties ... Where's the gold effing < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
is pretty certain there are knives sliding down her throat everytime she swallows ... Ow ! 
' s family brings a whole new meaning to dysfunctional ... 
is kinda dreading the 3 days of choir crap ahead of her ... Why must we have jobs and commitments ?? Life is too short ! 
has always heard that the people who are the most suspicious of others are the ones who have something to hide and should not to be trusted , but it stings to have it proven yet again . Secrets and lies are sooooo overrated ... 
recalls the alarm going off only one time , not SIX ! Need sleep ...! 
is STILL dragging ass ... Thank you , AMC ! 
is looking forward to the extended weekend . It couldn't have come soon enough ! 
needs a professional ASAP that specializes in dealing with a person with Boderline Personality Disorder ... think < PROPMALE > Close from Fatal Attraction-Yikes ! 
wants to adopt another puppy . Four's not too many , right ?? 
is anticipating some good eats , stiff drinks , and entertaining peeps . Hope the Rollos can keep up with me ! 
is not feeling all too spiffy once again ... 
has discovered that you can't beat a good bout of dry heaving over the toilet first thing Monday morning ! It mirrors the sentiment of the day , at any rate ... 
is waiting on CareNow . Sometime today , people ! 
is home ... three hours and five prescriptions later ... 
is witnessing just another battle in the war . She may be the medic this go round , but you can bet your bottom dollar she'll be back at the front line in no time ... 
has seen that the white gloves are officially off and anything goes . The sirens are squealing and we are way past the point of duck and cover ... 
is distraught and misses her daddy . He would know what to do ... 
is glad to have had a night consisting of greater than four hours of sleep . She's feeling refreshed and ready to assume her post at border patrol . She ain't taking any crap today ! 
loathes rainy days and Mondays , so today is a double whammy ! 
can't believe it's been a whole month since the two women spoke ! It's insane ! 
suspects the battle may be near its end , but knows the war is far from over . Changes gotta happen or we'll be right back where we started ! 
would kill for a few more hours of sleep ! At least today is \Friday\ " since she's New Orleans bound tomorrow morning for a weekend full of scandal ! " 
is sooooo ready for the Big Easy ! Look out , New Orleans ! 
is back to work , but at least it's only a four day week ! Oh , and can everyone get well already ?? The cooty < PROPFEMALE > needs to be found and obliterated ! 
is unenthused ... so about on par with every other working morning ... 
has a super busy day ahead of her , but is looking forward to chicken and dumplins night with the Longs . Oink ! 
loves that it no longer feels like the middle of the night when she drives to work in the morning ! 
marks the one year anniversary of losing one of the sweetest individuals on the planet . All my love to you , Daddy . 
thanks all of you guys for the love yesterday ! She sure did need it ! 
is getting a headrush about every thirty seconds ... Damn this irregular heartbeat crap ! 
is hopefully mending some familial bridges today . Can't we all just get along ?? 
is NOT ready for another work week ! Where's my < PROPFEMALE > godmother to wave her magic wand and stop the clock ?? 
is taking Miss < PROPFEMALE > to the vet this morning and hoping that no \procedures\ " are deemed necessary ; < PROPFEMALE > can't stand anymore and < PROPFEMALE > can't afford anymore ! Dogs are almost as expensive as kids ! " 
didn't realize that dogs can have breast cancer ... Here's to hoping the tumor is benign ! 
is ecstatic when family drama temporarily does not involve her . Yippeee !!! 
is wishing she would have rounded up her three year old niece last night for pedis at Sweet n Sassy . There's no doubt they would've done a better job than Ogle's! 
is having a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day ! < PROPFIRST > ain't the only one ... 
loves how wine makes everything better ... ahhh ... :-) 
fell asleep peacefully last night only to awake to 10ish bitchy emails this morning . Are you serious ?? It's Friday for < PROPMALE>'s sake !!! Pop a pill and get over it ! 
is thankful for a short work week ! Only a day and a half before she can be fat and lazy the rest of the week . The Turkey Trot is not gonna be near enough physical activity to offset the damage that will be done . Two tears in a bucket ! 
feels like there's a pool of battery acid in her stomach ... It's never a good thing when someone warns you not to take something they are about to do \personally . \"" 
is hot to trot ! I'm gonna \burn dust . Eat my rubber ! \"" 
and < PROPFEMALE > Long kicked it at the Turket Trot this morning . Now , onto the pie ... 
is supposed to be an adult , right ?? Then why does she feel like such a little girl all of the time ?! 
keeps hearing the funeral march play over and over again in her head ... Yup- It's most definitely Monday ! 
Another day , another surgery .... Please say some prayers for Bridge ! 
wants to be home snuggling in bed with her doggies ! 
swears she only took ONE tylenol cold PM pill last night , but still feels completely drugged this morning . She made the drunks on the road look like excellent drivers this morning ! Awesome ... 
cannot breathe and is seriously considering snotting all over the bratty client she's working with today . Don't mess with a woman with a cold- especially a hungry one ! 
has a busy next week and half , but will survive with the thought of the white sands and clear waters ahead of her in less than 2 weeks ... 
thinks it takes a lot of willpower to come straight home from work , change clothes , and drag your ass up to the gym for a grueling work out when all you really wanna do is pass out on the couch . So , after going to all of this trouble , it is nothing short of cruel to arrive at the gym , only to find that there's a power outage and it's closed indefinitely ! Grrrr ! 
is on the verge of firing Gold's Gym ! Two days of being closed due to a \power outage\ " is horse shit ! Don't they realize she has to sport a bikini in a little over a week ?? She's gonna blame them single handedly for the excess flab . Somebody pass her another cookie ... " 
just went for a 25 minute run ... in her living room ... awesome ... 
is ready for a super fun weekend before shoving off for Cancun next week . Bring on the hummer limo ! Oh , and Gold's Gym is still a POS ! 
has been awake since roughly 3 AM , which is never a good omen for the remainder of the day ... 
is sick , but must suck it up and trudge into work nevertheless due to the workload needing to be done before the holidays . Tips on how to make it through the day ?? 
is finally feeling better and leaving for the beach tomorrow . Guess it's time to start packing soon , huh ... 
will be spending the next 4 days on the beach reading , sunbathing , drinking , and eating ( not necessarily in that order ... ) . It's quite possible she might decide to relocate to Cancun indefinitely . The real world is so overrated ... 
: just when you thought bad drivers couldn't get any worse , it starts snowing ! 
must have been a very well-behaved girl this year . < PROPFEMALE > brought her lots and lots of goodies ! 
is wishing her sissy a very happy birthday ! 
was determined to party like a rockstar to celebrate the expiration of 2008 ( the most heinous year EVER ) a year ago this night . Thanks to the flu , the partying was kept to a minimum-at best . Guess that means she's got quite a bit to make up for this go round . Uh oh ... Cheers ! 
partied like a rock < PROPFEMALE > to ring in 2011 ... Nuff said ... 
admits that the only good thing about today is the fact that The Bachelor starts tonight . She's hoping < PROPMALE > won't settle down with some attention starved hoochie so that he has more time to find her and realize she's the one ! 
is practicing her ice dance for this evening . Icy roads = No School = No Work for < PROPFEMALE > = Happy < PROPFEMALE > ! Feel free to join the cause ! 
got totally screwed this morning .... Calling to let her know school was delayed after she was already halfway there was ridiculous ! What's wrong with people ?! That hour and a half commute was awesome ... 
sky blue ! 
marvels at how quickly a weekend goes by in comparison to the 2 and 1/2 weeks she had off for the holidays ! You blink and you miss it ! 
must have done something pretty < PROPMALE > to piss off the immunity fairy ... sick AGAIN !!! 
is finally feeling a little spiffier and looking forward to pedis and sushi ( and wine ! ) this evening with a good friend . Steph may have had to sit Wino Wednesday out , but perhaps she can make up for it on good ole ' Thirsty Thursday ! 
is ready for an extended weekend of primarily sitting on my ass . Pass the bon bons ... 
is an obvious feeding ground for bacteria . Excellent ! 
is statusless . Enjoy it while it lasts ! 
really wishes the maintenace staff would stop helping themselves to the < PROPFEMALE > bowl in her office ! That stuff is supposed to be for ME- ahem- I mean the kids , so they're technically \taking < PROPFEMALE > from a baby ! \ " The audacity of some people ... " 
is already counting down the weeks until Spring Break .... What exactly does that say about her job satisfaction ?? 
really , really enjoyed Avatar , but doesn't see it being the epic phenomenon that others are making it out to be . Further , the whole ridiculousness of people being depressed by their lots in life after seeing such a magical environment is loony toon talk . As < PROPFEMALE > would say , \Seriously ?? \"" 
had an awesome HH with an awesome friend from New Mexico last night . Ya gotta love Wino Wednesdays .... but if not , < PROPFEMALE > loves them enough to make up for it ! 
would like nothing better than to sleep in tomorrow . Ice , ice baby ! 
will gradually get over having to be at work today after yet another botched weather forecast with the thought of the Rock Band , sushi , and fancy cocktails that will ensue later this evening . 
knows that we were all juvenile and stupid at one time and loved to pull pranks , but egging the car of a complete stranger ? Really ?? That's just downright mean ! FML ! 
is in the money . The skies are < PROPFEMALE > . She's got a lot of what it takes to get along ! Diamonds may be a girl's best friend , but the green is pretty sweet ! 
is pondering whether or not to instill the anxiety within herself that will go along with signing up for and dreading the torture of running a half-marathon . There's a good < PROPMALE > she may keel over at mile 3 , so who are we kidding ?! 
is looking forward to full on oink fest tonight . I hope Fogo de Chow is as good as everyone says it is ! 
thinks the day after Super Bowl Sunday should be a mandatory day off from work ! 
despises the new FB set up ! If it ain't broke , don't fix it !!! 
is burning her freaking bikinis ! Tee shirts and boxers are way sexy ... yeah ... 
is pumped for a snow day ! Here's to a day of complete and utter laziness ! 
thought the snow blast DFW got on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > couldn't be topped in the area . She stands corrected ... 
is super jealous of those of you off from work for President's Day ! 
is embarking on a new work gig ! Now , to decide between accepting the role as the new Grouchy Smurf , or embodying the modern \Grumpy\ " of the Seven Dwarves ? She's really perfect for either role ! " 
' s spirits were semi-lifted by Wino Wednesday , and Thirsty Thursday is going to finish up the job . Her life would be so empty without wine ... Wait ! Did she just say that out loud ?? 
often wishes real life were like \Sliding Doors\ " and she could see her alternative universe if she had \ " caught the subway \"- just for curiousity's sake . It's amazing how one decision can hit the reset button on your entire life . " 
just set a new personal record with a 9 mile run . Yay ! 
could seriously use some toothpicks to prop open her eyes . Does anyone REALLY get 8+ hours of sleep a night , or is that just an urban myth ?? 
is baffeld by people who presume to know everything about everything ... A sign of true intellect is being wise enough to know what you don't know . When you constantly talk out of your ass , your only success is in decisively coming across as a bonafide idiot ! Rest assured- We're all laughing ... 
most definitely earned the Medal of Honor in friendship this weekend when she traded her pair of semi-comfortable pumps for a pair of < PROPFEMALE > Simpson stilts that were a half size too small to help out a friend in agony . The layers of skin that were missing as a result weren't noticed until last night ... You owe me , < PROPFIRST > , and did you know that G's G ??!! 
realizes that we all make mistakes in life that we need to forgive ourselves for and move on , but she's gotta admit that she's utterly mortified that she ever referred to < PROPMALE > as her BF ... He's definitely not the sharpest knife in the drawer ! 
hates when she wakes up in the middle of the night and her mind takes that as the perfect opportunity to start analyzing and planning her next couple of weeks . Maybe the solution is to self-medicate more before bedtime ... 
is rounding out her Thursday with pedis , dinner , and , thankfully , sunshine ! Maybe she'll be done with her SAD for the year ! 
It's a race ! It's a race ! I'ts a race !! 
finished the 10K in 56 minutes this morning ! Now its ' time to go out and replace all of the calories she burned ... and then some . La Duni should be able to do the job ! 
wonders if she's the only person on the planet that doesn't get into watching the Oscars ?? It seems like one big snoozefest to her ! At least with the Grammys you get some musical performances for entertainment ! 
thinks no diet is worth a life without cheesecake ! Tomorrow is always a new day ... 
is way too analytical . Maybe they're onto something with the whole \Ignorance is Bliss\ " theory . The least intellectually endowed of her puppies is just content to BE . Can't we all appreciate the simple things in life and be as happy as < PROPFEMALE >?" 
is lovin ' the weather , her sunroof , and the prospect of nice relaxing evening ... Hello , Pinot Noir . I sure have missed you ! Don't be a stranger ! 
finds it amazing how therapeutic a good hard run is when you're on the verge of ripping someone's head off . Stay outta her way ! 
has done more running around in the last three days than in the last three months ! She's even been sick all the while and is most definitely over the hill ... Damn , she's a rockstar ! 
played a most fascinating game of Toss and Turn Tango most of last night and , right on cue , she overslept to take her friend to the airport this morning . Fantastic ! Insomnia = 1 , Stephanie = big fat skunk's tail ... 
is enjoying night numero dos of insomnia .. She needs the damn Haitian from the Heroes show to come and erase her mind so she has absolutely nothing left to think about besides rainbows and butterflies ! She's counted millions of sheep , gone through every relaxation technique she's ever learned , and has been bargaining with God relentless for a breather ... Sounds like it's past time for a scrip ! 
ate like a pig and went on a hiatus from the gym for three days straight and managed to lose three freaking pounds in the process ! She thinks she's stumbled upon a new and much more fulfilling weight loss plan . Move over , Atkins- the Holland Diet is on the rise ! 
is taking to the skies and heading for rural Ohio today ! 
made the mistake of blinking and missing Spring Break . Crap ! All in favor of a redo ?? 
despises the inverse relationship between satisfaction with personal life and professional life . One's just always gotta be in the damn toilet ! Maybe FJ had the right idea about selling all of my crap and becoming a European vagabond ... 
has officially fired Gold's Gym and moved on to LA Fitness . It's been a long time a comin ! 
is disturbed ... It's sad when you have an astronomical amount of difficulty separating friend from foe . Why can't people just say what they mean and mean what they say ?? Lies and BS are such a waste of my time ! 
is still in shock ... seriously ...! 
knows all of her FB friends are amazing ... You guys are so sweet and I appreciate all of the comments- even from those I haven't talked to in over a decade ! Many thanks and much love ! :-) 
cannot wait to blow this popsicle stand and head to Florida for some QT with the Bowsers ! She sure has been missing her BFF ... 
is enjoying warm weather and QT with the Bowsers ! The prospect of coming home with a new purse and tote isn't so bad either ... 
has always been told that God has a special purpose in mind for each and every one of us . After some awesome sunbathing near Destin today , she's wondering if her special plan is to be a professional beach bum , and if not , just how negotiable is the plan ...? 
ain't sayin a word ... 
is enjoying an extra day off from work ! :-) 
has officially quit all of her FB games ! The plow and the stoves are going into retirement . She figures she's wasted enough hours of her life being obsessed with them ... She's free to do what she wants any old time , now . :-) 
is wishing she could be more agreeable and have a cheerful disposition when being shat upon ! She may be combing the streets of < PROPFIRST > before long if she can't get a better poker face ... 
' s cards are falling into place . If you had foretold this to her 2 years ago , she would've laughed in your face ! Never underestimate the power of prayer , perseverance , good friends and family , and , of course , vino ! 
must learn to sacrifice quality for speed . It doesn't matter what kind of crap you slap together as long as you slap it together quickly ! What is the world coming to ... 
keeps managing to pull the same muscle in her right thigh everytime she does the Biggest Loser Cardio < PROPMALE > Video . Stairs are pain provoking and bending to sit down on the potty is near impossible ! What has she learned from this , you ask ?? Exercise can be hazardous to your health ! Guess it's back to the couch , trashy reality TV , and junk food ... Oink ! 
finds it sad that her nine-year old nephew could probably master her new phone long before she even scratched the surface ! She loves technology , but not as much as Motorola , you see ... 
finds it sad that her nine-year old nephew could probably master her new phone long before she even scratched the surface ! She loves technology , but not as much as Motorola , you see ... 
has her eye on the prize : Happy Hour with a much missed friend this evening . 4:15 is not too early to start an official HH , is it ?? If you're happy and you know sip some wine ! 
was still asleep when she got out of bed this morning ... literally . So , what does that say for the day ahead ?? 
will start her stretching this evening in preparation for the Crawl . Is it possible to overstretch ?? 
Is drinking large quantities ... 
Actually feels pretty good today despite yesterday's beer crawl . Yeah , she's a rockstar ... 
is trying to think happy thoughts to keep her motivated to get through the crazy busy week ahead . She'll be beach side come Friday and celebrating for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding extravaganza , so there's incentive there ! She thinks she can , she thinks she can , she thinks she can ! 
Is in choir rehearsal ... if she had the choice between this and chinese water torture , it'd be a tough call ... 
' s sister told her people are put into your life to help you through certain times or impart valuable knowledge , but once their purpose is served , the friendship drifts away or takes a turn . While that's depressing to swallow , it's proving to be true . Thank goodness for the one constant , Kelby ! 
loves random days off from work ... slept in , had lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , and relaxing with a mani and pedi later this afternoon . She could certainly get used to this ! 
is puzzled when people feel the urge to add her as an FB friend and then ignore any comments or posts she makes . Really ? Is it just a contest to see how many friends you can rack up ?? Seriously ... She has enough friends ... 
Is heading for the beach to catch up with some old DG gals and stand in one of my BFF's weddings . < PROPFEMALE > ' n < PROPFIRST > 4eva'! 
Is loving this white sand and < PROPFEMALE > blue water ... Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for selecting such a beautiful place to get married ! 
Is heading back to A-town shortly . Adios clearwater , FL . It's been fun ! 
finally checked out Pinkberry yesterday ... It was totally love at first bite ! 
ponders the realistic possibility that she may very well live in the Twilight Zone ... life is craziness ! 
shathagould wrathagite hathager stathagatathagus uthagupdathagates athagin jathagibbathagerathagish tathago athagavathagoid dathagistathagurbathaging thathage nathagatathagives ! 
has only a mini-weekend ahead of her due to working tomorrow , but since she's been unable to find the seeds to plant a money tree in her yard , weekend work is a necessary evil . 
is back in the trenches . It sure has been awhile ... Bombs away ! 
Is an island . Pygmalion was wrong ! 
is reminding herself that life is very much like poker ... You gotta know when to hold ' em , know when to fold ' em , know when to walk away , and know when to run . You never count your money when you're sittin at the table . They'll be time enough for countin when the dealin's done . 
is looking forward to a Cinco de Mayo celebration with the fam ! Now , let's see if < PROPMALE > Long's queso can make the cut ... 
feels fantastically crappy ! Is that an oxymoron ? 
is sending out a test . 
is damned if she does and damned if she doesn't .... What an awesome position to be in ! 
reminds herself that the definition of insanity is : doing the same thing over and over again and still expecting a different result . Dang ... and here she thought she was the sane one ! 
is off to see little < PROPFEMALE > play soccer this morning ! Does a four-year old's soccer game mainly consist of chasing bugs and spinning in circles ? She's about to find out ... Go , < PROPFEMALE > , go ! 
is consistently reminded that big decisions are never easy and doing the right thing generally sucks ! 
assures you that the phrase , \If at first you don't succeed try and try again\ " does NOT apply to every life situation . Sometimes you just gotta know when to cut your losses and throw in the towel ! " 
knows it's going to get a lot worse before it even begins to get better ... 
is going to be car shopping this week . What luck ... 
illustrates that you can only poke a stick at a caged animal so long before the survival instinct kicks in . Enough is enough ! 
- Just because she's losing , doesn't mean she's lost , doesn't mean she'll stop , doesn't mean she's across . 
should've brought her sleeping bag to the car dealership last night ! You go in for a \looksie\ " and 3 hours later ... " 
Is on a boat ! 
Learned a valuable lesson : tap dancing on the ledge of a boat after consuming half of a bottle of firefly sweet tea = DANGER ! 
Is a dark shade of blue ... 
may still be reeling from being thrown under the bus and left for dead , but is determined not to let it ruin her mini-vaca . Hope the dysfunction doesn't miss her , because she sure as hell won't be missing the dysfunction ! 
can't help but think about the movie , \Cocktail\ " while exploring the Florida Keys . " 
Is heading for palm beach . 
Has visited 8 resorts in 2 days , which is pure craziness ! She's ready for more of a chill day in Vero Beach . 
Is on her way to the last site visit and then heading home . What a crazy few days , but much of FL is beautiful ! If only more of the residents could drive ... 
can't believe tomorrow is June . May has been quite a doozy ... 
doesn't care . 
thinks there's no reason to pretend .. If you wanna say crap behind her back feel free to say it to her face ! 
reminds herself on this day that nothing is ever a mistake if it was meant to be part of your journey , you learned from it , and you are a better person because of it . 
wishes she was closing up shop for a summer break ! She sure is jealous of all you teacher folk ... 
Knows there's nothing like running for the border at 12 o clock at night , but needed to remind herself once again ... oink ! 
will be in St. Kitts this time next week ... Now , THAT'S motivation to stumble through the work week ! 
could eat a house -- preferably a gingerbread one with gratuitous amounts of icing outfitting the exterior ! 
needs to come into some money ... Preferably a large amount ... 
will be unavailable for the next week . Sipping cocktails and laying on the beach is a dirty job , but somebody's gotta do it ... 
Has discovered that the miami airport makes DFW look like a 5 < PROPFEMALE > resort ! Next stop : St. Kitts ! 
is ready for another beach wedding . Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! :-) 
is rockin a wee bit of a sunburn , but that ain't gonna stop her from bathing herself again in the sun today . Guess she'll up her SPF to 15 instead of 8 ! 
has officially burned her buns . It feels awesome to sit down ... 
is sad to have to return to reality tomorrow and leave paradise ... Thanks to Lex and < PROPFIRST > for choosing an amazing wedding locale ! 
will be making the journey home soon . She cannot wait for the 3 hour layover at the stellar airport in Miami ... 
Is so happy to find MIA just as she left it - crappy as ever ! May upgrade to first class for the free drinks to compensate ! 
is home sweet home- or something like that ... 
has a headache ... I'll clean up my yard and you clean up yours . Deal ? 
' s rhythmically challenged heart refuses to let her sleep - as if she really could otherwise ! She'd be more likely to win the Lotto than catch a freaking Z ! 
Is on her sixth plane trip in 9 days . No more airport ! 
Would gladly spend Father's Day at the hospital , as was often customary , if it meant her daddy was still here to share it with . Miss you , daddy . 
is trying to psych herself up for the 2 crazy weeks at work that lie ahead . Ugh ... 
doesn't want to play anymore . She wants to crawl under the covers and hide away from the world indefinitely ... with wine and dessert ... 
: Seriously ?! Seriously ?? Seriously ... 
thinks every weekend should be a three day weekend ! Can't we write to our congressmen or some crap like that to get the ball rolling on that one ?? 
needs to hit the pause button on the weekend . Sooooo not ready for another week ... 
has a plethora of pet peeves , but the one irritating her most on this lovely Monday morning is collaborating with people who understand little to nothing about their area of expertise , but believe otherwise . There's only so many times you can try to reason with said people ... 
won't comment except to say , \Thank God it's Wino Wednesday !!! \ " It couldn't have come soon enough ... " 
has flat out run out of steam . 
is ready for a fun , chill , family filled weekend ! Prepare for the Texas heat , < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) 
is ashamed of the DFW weather right now . It's a holiday weekend and there's a guest in town so where is the freaking sun ?? Come on , now ! 
is heading out for the Ranger's game in a bit . Thank goodness that the sun finally chased away the rain ! 
wishes that she'd learned as a kid that there isn't always a hero to save the day , the guy doesn't always get the girl , and trying your hardest doesn't mean you will win . Thanks for preparing me so well for life , Disney ! Kids deserve to learn optimistic realism -- hope for the best , but always be ready for the worst . 
will have a wonderful weekend -- period ! Now , THAT'S the power of positive thinking ! 
will be partying with the Potts tonight . Who can go wrong with mexican food , drinks , and wii games ?! 
FINALLY saw Eclipse and it's impossible to choose between Team < PROPFIRST > and Team < PROPMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > needs to hold out on commitment until she's test driven both ! 
genuinely misses My Little Ponies , Barbies , the < PROPFEMALE > castle , hide and go seek , breath contests , slumber parties , football in the backyard , trampolines , night swimming , etc ... Life was so simple and innocent , then . 
is somebody . Her ideas do count ! Thank you for the words of wisdom , Mr. Pringle . Fifteen years later and they are STILL mentally ingrained ! Ha ! 
is the square < PROPFEMALE > . 
couldn't have made it another day this week , so TGIF ! An evening with the Campbells to \help\ " them by making some room on their their wine wall sounds fabulous ! " 
is asking everyone to say some prayers for one my very bestest friends who's in labor right now . May her delivery be fast and peaceful ! 
may be on the wagon today , but her love affair with wine is certain to pick up where it left off come tomorrow ... 
is not a fan of snakes- especially the overly aggressive kind that lunge and strike over and over again at any creature within the vicinity . Can't they find anything better to do ?! 
: I\ 
want to thank whatever so called “friend” of mine decided to take\ 
my recent posts , forward them to someone and tell her they are about \ 
her\ 
( strange , I don’t see her name anywhere in anything I’ve written ) –\ 
that was very helpful . Also , whoever you may be would you at least have\ 
the\ 
common decency to identify yourself . Spies went out circa 1990 . 
could really use a cupcake right now ... 
is up entirely too early for a Saturday ... Sleep ? What's that ?! 
is thankful for all of the awesome and supportive friends she has . You guys are the best ! 
There comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama , and the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy ! ? ? ? ? ? 
will most definitely be fat and happy by then end of this weekend ( hiccup) ! :-) 
had a tamer weekend than expected . Perhaps it was the bad fish on Friday evening that set the tone ... 
feels like everyday in her world is opposite day ... Down is up , black is white , and crazy is sane . 
keeps reminding herself that there is so much to be thankful for . It's time to focus on the glass as half full and say to hell with that other half ! 
loves when she's wrong about someone for the better . 
historically hates Sundays , but admits that today was such a fabulous day ! Brunch at Birra's , pedis , Lips with awesome friends , and a great run ... C'est la vie ! 
regrets commenting on a fabulous Sunday afternoon since it inevitably jinxed Sunday night . Toss and turn , toss and turn , toss and turn ... rinse and repeat ... Oh , to be five again and have mandatory naps during the day ! 
: What's the phrase that can make the broken hopeful and the triumphant full of dread ? This , too , shall pass . 
believes in magic and always has a boyfriend wearing big red shoes ! 
hates to pack , but loves to travel . Guess she'll just add personal packer to the list of people she wants to hire . Thus far we have personal shopper , personal pet sitter/dog < PROPMALE > , personal housekeeper , personal driver , personal handy man ( preferably cute ;-) , personal chef , personal hair stylist , personal assistant , personal trainer ... Is she forgetting anyone ?? :-) 
ain't ready for work tomorrow , but at least I have a fun lunch and dinner to look forward to ! 
' s yard may be loving this rain , but her hair certainly isn't ... Her do ' might actually look better after hanging out the window of a fast moving vehicle -- no lie ! 
is hoping her doggies won't have to employ the doggie paddle today when going outside to potty ! I don't think poor < PROPFEMALE > would make it . This rain is pure craziness ! 
has officially started her Christmas shopping ! Go Feffie , go ! 
deems one of life's greatest cruelties to be the fact that metabolism slows with age . Seriously ! 
is 16 going on 17 ... Well , she may be a little off with the < PROPFIRST > , but who's counting ?! :-) 
is thinking about a very special lady who earned her angel\ 
wings this morning . She will be greatly missed . Much , much love to all of her family during\ 
this difficult time . 
Seriously has the most fabulous friends in the world ! Thanks to the Rollos , Potts , Epleys , Campbells , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and most of all < PROPMALE > ! I feel loved ! :) 
has some seriously amazing friends . Where one department is pathetically lacking , the other makes up for completely and then some ! 
saw a new first at the gym yesterday : a woman hauling around her 6-foot personal fan from machine to machine . Now , that's hotttt ! 
just witnessed an all-time low . So sad ... 
has learned that you have to get bitten by the dog enough times before your hurt turns into proactive anger . FB housecleaning is officially complete-a very sad but necessary task ... 
: Mamas don't let your babies grow up being chess pawns . 
is having an exceptionally exciting Monday ... She administered TWO language tests in one day , was double booked at work , and has a grueling choir rehearsal to look forward to this evening . Mondays are the worst ! 
has good news to share : You may not have any control over where you come from and the cards you are dealt , but you DO have a choice in regards to where you are going and the quality of people you decide to surround yourself with thereafter . 
loves the beautiful weather outside , but hates what it does her sinuses . Here we go again ... 
' s ears are snap crackle poppin ... Ugh ! 
had a shot in the rear , is taking a strong antibiotic , and is snorting up a fancy nasal decongestant and actually feels worse than before . Bodes well for the upcoming week , don't ya think ?? Super ! 
is a uniquely talented individual . I mean , seriuosly , it takes some skill to find a way to injure yourself with a nasal spray dispenser ... ouch ! 
is about to hit 550 < PROPMALE > on her Nike plus app . If you had told her a few years back that she'd so much as run a mile she would have laughed in your face ! Well , well , wonders never cease ... :-) 
is soon to be Florida Keys bound - cakes and flowers and music , Oh My ! 
does not want to see cake , smell cake , taste cake , or even think about cake for a good long while -- so , like , Monday at the earliest ... 
is taking a poll and needs your help ! Rank the following cake flavors in order from most to least attractive to you ( all have buttercream icing ): 1 . red < PROPFEMALE > cake with cream cheese filling 2 . Yellow cake with strawberry jam filling ( usually don't like fruit filling , but this is amazing ! ) 3 . Yellow cake with key lime mousse filling 4 . Yellow cake with peanut butter mousse filling . Thanks ! 
- So , as we're getting older , we have less time and energy to keep up our friendships and naturally start weeding out the friends that aren't worth the effort . I want to know everyone's personal criteria for deciding which friends are worth keeping . Is it the ones you've known longest ? The ones who make the most effort ? The ones who are most supportive ? Do tell ! 
just had the < PROPMALE > players in her life cast as characters from < PROPFEMALE > s Wars and it's eerie how closely the match ups fit ! Only < PROPMALE > could find a way to relate it back to < PROPFEMALE > Wars ... :-) 
is going white dress shopping today and if an acceptable dress is not found , < PROPFIRST > Bowser will be employed to make an inexpensive one out of white table linens . Hey-no one will be able to say it ain't unique ! 
had a particularly unfriendly sales woman helping her at the white dress shop . Don't they realize that they need to at least fake having a pleasant personality in order to earn business ?! Seriously ... Where do they get these people ?! 
hates the cruel and ( unfortunately ) usual punishment that Monday morning brings . When the alarm went off this morning , it took her a full minute to figure out what the sound was , where it was coming from , and how on earth to make the damn thing stop ! 
did it again ... Alarm- 2 , SH- 0 . 
' s goal for the day : White dress shopping- Take 2 . 
has a very important weekend ahead of her ... She's gotta break in the new RB3 , persevere through the Hallo-Wine Trail tomorrow , and < PROPMALE > her party hat for the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > gig on Sunday night . So what ?? She's still a rockstar ! 
just got shoved by a drunk chick who ruined < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>' last song by hooting and hollering . Not my fault she made an idiot of herself and I had to laugh ! 
is getting ready to hit the road for a completely pointless vacay . Ahhh .... It doesn't get any better than that ! 
has been entertained by roadway mishaps 2 days in row . Yesterday , she saw a car explode/catch fire . Today , she saw a man standing on the edge of the highway in handcuffs . What next ?! 
Breakfast in bed - check ! 
- Ya can't teach an old dog new tricks -- Fact ! 
lost one of the brightest stars in her universe two years ago today . It still feels like yesterday . He's loved , he's remembered , and he's greatly missed . Everyone go and have a drink in memory of Steve-o today . 
had a day full of fail yesterday- sad anniversary , heated debate at work followed by being scolded like a 5 year old child , Heart monitor malfunctioned , Nike app didn't count my 8+ mile run , cell phone is a POS , and then horrendous foot cramps . Today HAS to be better ... 
can think of nothing but her bed and is half comatose ... It's supposed to be Friday today , dang it ! 
-Ooooooh , Friday ... love to love to love ya ! 
was awoken last night by the sound of her puppy possibly coughing up a lung . Either < PROPFEMALE > has a horrible cold , or she's got a ginormous hairball caught in her throat ! She's already been warned about the consequences of licking her rear end , but perhaps she needs a reminder ... 
just planned her Turkey Day menu and is preparing for what promises to be one of the best Thanksgivings ever ! 
-You cannot make somebody change . You cannot make somebody care . You cannot make somebody try . Sometimes , it's markedly less hurtful to just let go of hope and embrace reality , however hard it might be ... 
- it's nice when people are judgmental in regard to a situation they know next to nothing about . Way to be a friend ! 
likes board games , loves video games , but the life games ? Now those are a beating ... 
says , \hooray ! \ " for a short week ! It's about time to get your gobble on ! " 
Finished the 8 mile trot in about 71 minutes . It was a great , although chilly , run . Yeah , her hands just might have frost bite ... 
Has most likely eaten her body weight in food today ... Never . Eating . Again ... ugh ! 
is out for a night of fun- just what's needed to brighten the day ! :-) 
is counting down the days until Christmas break ! 
is feeling sad for an old friend and keeping her in her prayers . 
is thinking about her sweet nephew today on his 10th birthday . Hope he has a wonderful day ! 
-What a day ... 
just passed 700 < PROPMALE > on her Nike Plus Log . Yeah , just call her , \Forrest ! \"" 
Is down south for a work conference . Thank goodness for the hotel bar ! 
Begrudgingly reminds herself that if she cannot say something nice that it's better to say nothing at all ... 
may speak in phrases for today since so many seem to apply . \Don't throw stones in a glass house ! \"" 
Tis the season for the nut jobs-fa la la la la la la la la ! 
needs to believe that what goes around comes around , because it sure is challenging to keep turning the other cheek ! 
Outdid herself last night ... Jeff , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > should be proud ! A large glass of sangria and several glasses of wine makes for an interesting evening ... 
: All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl ! 
is too young to have a hip problems ! Anybody know of a good orthopedist in the Arlington area ?? 
is happy to have 2 weeks off from Job #1 staring today . Hooray ! However , there is still Job #2 to contend with ... 
: nothing says , \Christmas ! \ " like a tacky holiday sweater party ! It's on ! " 
-Two more days till our trek to Ohio . I'll have to remember to pack my snow boots , mittens , beanie , long johns , parka , ski socks , and scarf ... and maybe an extra sweater or 2 for good measure . I'm dreaming of a white Christmas 
Is off to Ohio . Brrrr !!! 
OooooooooooOH-Hio where the snow comes sweeping through the streets- and the chilly air is hard to bear when you're used to seventy degrees ! 
wonders what it is about Christmas that makes her so dang thirsty ! 
knows some may find this hard to accept , but contrary to popular belief , < PROPFEMALE > WAS on the good list this year and < PROPFEMALE > showered her with a plethora of fun gifts . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , FB amigos ! 
is soon to be headed back to the Lone < PROPFEMALE > State . She's bringing back with her tons of thoughtful gifts and wonderful memories . Now , if only she could find a way to leave this dang sore throat behind ... 
drank some complimentary vodka to dull the sore throat pain while in the first class cabin on the flight home , but her throat still feels like it's been hit with a sledge hammer ! Yea- can't wait for work tomorrow morning ! 
: This dreary DFW weather makes me wanna vomit ! If the sun doesn't show its face soon , you can go ahead and diagnose me with SAD ! 
is heading out to Cowtown . Gonna have to replace her boots with da fur with boots with da spurs ! Yeehaw ! 
- Yes , all good things must come to an end . Back to work tomorrow ... 
had another night of less than stellar sleep . It seems to be cough syrup or bust these days ! 
got her card punched at the doctor's office this morning , or something like that ... Gotta love the annual \well woman\ " exam ... " 
: There are too many people populating the gym for the entire month of January -- period ! 
is getting excited ! This calls for shoe and dress shopping- stat ! 
is off for Day 1 of Physical Therapy , but she doesn't quite see how 6:45 in the morning could be therapeutic to anyone ! 
won't comment on people who aren't worth commenting on . 
is praying this snow will be enough to cancel school tomorrow . A snow day is totally needed right now ! 
is victorious ! She's got a 2 and 1/2 hour delay for tomorrow ! :-) 
realizes it's a bad omen when Tuesday feels like Thursday ... It's gonna be a hell of a long week ! 
works hard for the money , so hard for the money . She works hard for the money so you'd better treat her right ! Otherwise , don't be surprised when a size 7 1/2 stiletto gets lodged where the sun don't shine ... 
: LA Fitness has treadmills . Ee-i-ee-i-oh . And on those treadmills are newbies . Ee-i-ee-i-oh . There's a new chick there and a new dude there . There a chick . There a dude . Everywhere a newbie . LA Fitness is too full ! Make the newbies GO !!! 
has learned that chinese water torture has NOTHING on physical therapy . My PT almost made me cry this morning ... twice ... I walked in , but limped out . So , this is helping me how ?? 
When i think of you , i will always remember__________________ ( post on your wall and see what your friends will always remember about you . ) 
is gonna have a fun day ... 
feels a little bit better now after some \light\ " internet shopping . :-) " 
is reminded yet again how fragile life is ... Rest in peace , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . You are loved and you will be missed . 
is lucky if she got a full hour of sleep at a time last night . Between the night terror and several sets of foot cramps there were far too many interruptions to her beauty sleep ! 
is chasing her blues away with an internet shopping day ! Another one , that is ... 
is going to enjoy the last day of warm weather before the Ice Age hits DFW tomorrow ... 
: It's Bachelor night , folks ! Highlight of my day ... 
woke up to a cold house devoid of power and a bloody nose this morning .... This is NOT how a snow day is supposed to begin ! 
gets a ( another ) redo . Let's hope tomorrow is a better snow day filled with naps and snacks and trashy TV watching ! Third time's the charm , right ?? 
just had an incredibly scary drive home . This snow is nuts ! 
: February- Take 2 . 
may have already showered , dried her hair , and started applying her make up , but she'll take a day off no matter what time it comes ! She sees a nap in her near future ... 
is most likely Groupon's favorite customer ... Do they have group for this addiction ?? Groupons Anonymous ? Or maybe we should just call it Shoppers Anonymous since there have been several online purchases made as of late ... 
Needs an attitude adjustment and a pair of < PROPFEMALE > colored glasses . 
has a fun filled weekend planned ! Do you ?? 
Is at HOB and just discovered that the band , \Parachute\ " rocks ! Hope Plain White T's is this good ! " 
should really stop attending concerts on \school nights . \ " Five hours of sleep makes her even less pleasant than she already is on a Monday morning . Didn't even think that was possible ...! " 
' s right nostril feels like there is a < PROPFEMALE > residing in it . I suppose this is how it should feel after having the inside of it \cauterized . \ " OUCH ! Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to me ! " 
is a savy shopper ! Not only did she buy her < PROPFEMALE > Turk dress on sale , but she watched to be sure the dress did not get marked down further ( which it did ) and then got Nordstrom to refund the difference . Hey , 25 bucks is 25 bucks , right ?? 
kind of sort of majorly negated all of the money she saved on the < PROPFEMALE > Turk dress at the brassiere store ... Oops ! 
never met a Friday she didn't like until today ... Can someone hit the fast forward button ?? 
is looking forward to the only redeeming quality of Mondays these days : The Bachelor . Let's see how uncomfortable < PROPMALE > can make me this week ! 
is never too old for a slumber party ! 
loved catching up with an old and very dear friend last night ! Miss you , < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) 
learned an important lesson today : Never vacuum without shoes on ... 
just passed the 800 mile < PROPFIRST > on her Nike Plus . Seriously ?? No wonder she can't feel the bottom of her feet when anything touches them ... 
dreamed she was back in show choir about to perform the Christmas gig . Some of the old gang were there , too . Shout out to < PROPFIRST > , Aggie , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Yvi , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > ! Has it really been 13+ years ?? I could probably still do that entire dang show today and not miss a step ... 
-Never underestimate the power of manipulation ! 
-Get yo ' cards in , fools ! Tomorrow's the day ! :-) 
: Some people are just born to be manipulative , hurtful , heartless human beings- sad , but true . 
' s nose never lies . She can always smell the brewing of a storm before it's even in existence . Wonder if that will ever change ... 
is seriously psychic ! Is it too late to ditch the day job , pick me up a < PROPFEMALE > ball and some incense , and start performing \readings\ " out of my home ?? " 
did so much tossing and turning last night that she's wondering if she can get away with counting that as a trip to the gym ! 
-Don't bring around a cloud to rain on myyyyyyyy paraaaaaade ! 
is wondering if any of you chaps have God's phone number . I sure do have some questions to ask him ... 
-Who's ready for a girls night ?? 
- Go big or go home , girls ! 
-Thanks to all my ladies for celebrating with me last night . It was an amazing night with amazing friends . Love you girls ! :-) 
TGIWW- Thank God It's Wino Wednesday ! It couldn't have come soon enough ... 
-You pinch me . I deck you . Your choice ... 
-Then I saw my face ! Now I'm a believer ... That microderm abrasion stuff is awesome ! 
is thinking about her beautiful niece on her 5th birthday and hoping she has a wonderful day and knows that Feffie loves her . 
-Who's ready for a baby shower ?? :-) 
- Not having internet for the first 2+ hours of my day at work is completely unacceptable ! I mean , when else am I supposed to catch up on my celebrity gossip , email , and FB ??? 
-Opinions on the new < PROPFEMALE > album ?? 
Had wine and a mix from Brahms for dinner ... Don't judge ! 
has 5 weeks to go ! Seriously ?!?! 
