if con is the opposite of pro is congress the opposite of progress ? 

what doesn't kill you usually succeeds in the second attempt 
why must < PROPFEMALE > eyre be so boring 
Summer ? GONE ! 
was sick all weekend not fun at all 
i wint pay ! no no why dont you get a job 
smells like a fish a very ancient and fishlike smell . lol 
O , sweet < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
can't wait to show our rhetoric video 
finally got his hair cut ! < PROPFIRST > Radcliff is back 
is tomorrow stars and stripes day or curls , pearls , and bowties day 
as i was traveling to st. ives i met a man with seven wives ; each wife had seven sacks ; each sack had seven cats ; each cat had seven kits . kits , cats , sacks , wives how many were traveling to st. ives ? 
i have 4 legs in the morning , 2 legs in the day and 3 legs at night what an i ? 
i got my boots yesterday and they are amazingly piratical [ it's a word look it up ] 
dying my hair blonde over the weekend not gunna be fun 
only one colour , but not one size , stuck at the bottom , yet easily flies , persent in sun , but not in rain , doing no harm and feeling no pain . what am i ? 
i'm the assistant director for oklahoma :) comence suck-upping [ its a word ] now 
i've finally found out what my serious medical condition is check it out ... Symptoms of Inner Peace * A tendency to think and act spontaneously rather than on fears based on past experience * An unmistakable ability to enjoy the moment * An inability to worry ( this is a very serious symptom ! ) * Frequent acts of smiling * An increasing tendency to let things happen rather than to make them happen * 
i got a new phone the new number is 480-772-7898 text me your name so i can add you :) 
having friends worlds away sucks you always make someone upset 
The < PROPFEMALE > of friendship is not the outstretched hand , nor the kindly smile nor the joy of companionship ; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when he discovers that someone else believes in him and is willing to trust him . < PROPMALE > 
We're like a child standing in a beautiful park with his eyes shut tight . We don't need to imagine trees , flowers , deer , birds , and sky ; we merely need to open our eyes and realize what is already here , who we really are . 
rediscovered how amazingly fun bouldering cliffs is :] 
spirit week is gunna be great 
Enthusiasm is one of the most powerful engines of success . When you do a thing , do it with all your might . Put your whole soul into it . Stamp it with your own personality . Be active , be energetic , be enthusiastic and faithful , and you will accomplish 
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly ; what is essential is invisible to the eye . 
once more unto the breach my dear friends 
words are flowing out like endless water in a paper cup ... happy beatles lyrics day 
Be the change that you wish to see in the World 
music holds the secret . to know it can make you whole . its not just a game of notes , its the sounds inside your soul . the magic of the < PROPFEMALE > flow through you like a stream . the notes that play flow through your head like a dream ... 
\There is no remedy for love but to love more\ " happy vanentines day guys " 
Free at Last , Free at Last , Thank God Almighty I'm Free at Last 
switched my profile to < PROPMALE > and its alot easier to understand than upsidedowm english :) 
although i'm still trying to figure out the whole HISTORY project for ENGLISH class thing , this project was alot of fun . Tedious but fun . 
back to normalty 
had to reset my ipod and putting all my stuff back on is taking forever 
don't follow the beaten path . instead create your own path and others will follow your lead . 
Let the worry and fear subside Release the feelings you’ve so long denied Just Open up your heart and let me in . Come lie in the fields and watch the clouds pass As sure as the sun shines my love , I promise , will last For ... as long as the world in this universe turns The embers of this passion eternally burn 
troubles come , troubles go , trample all over me . ask why , i dont know how can i be so sure this is your will for me ? give me faith thats all i need , as big as a mustard seed . give me a childs faith that i may understand your mercy and grace your endless love for me . i can't comprehent the greatness of your love , but your sacrifice is love enough for me . ~ joel Menzel ~ 
finally bought some wood so i can carve again its been months . :D 
school ... sadly i'v missed you . just for the hassle free gathering with friends , so don't get your hopes up 
learned to play My Junk from spring awakening on the guitar :D not saying much since its a whole two chords but still a good first song to learn 
i know theres so much more to findjust by looking through myself and not at them , still i know to trust my own true mind and to say : theres a way through this ... 
auditioning for chamber choir and performance theatre wednesday going to be epic :D 
i do much wonder that one < PROPFEMALE > ... o crap wrong one can i try that again ? 
you see its a beautiful thing 
so auditions happened ... 
i need some inspiration ... what type of sword should i carve next ? ;) 
is actually understanding the physics homework ... there is hope yet 
people ask me \why do you talk to yourself ? \ " and i answer with \ " Because I enjoy intelligent conversation \"" 
Forgive me for I am not what I was , nor am I what I shall be , I am only that which I am 
How come people tell you to stay a kid for as long as you can . Yet the moment you do anything childish or immature they tell you to grow up . 
On ur cell go to new message , put it on T9 mode ( won't work on keyboard must use the # pad ) , then cover ur screen & type in 4156831968 , then look at the screen 
my foot hurts ..... alot , but it was so worth it 
i love ... lamp ... i ... love ... lamp ... i love lamp 
Hey everyone tomorrow is the international day without shoes you should all do your part to support toms shoes goal of giving shoes to those who have none 
The road to bali is the greatest Old movie ever :) 
all the world's a stage and all the men and women suck at acting haha ;P 
is an idiot 
i want to look like < PROPFIRST > crowder when i grow up :) 
i , just want , to be with you all of the time , all day , and all o'the night . 
sometime i wish i could teleport , cuz then i could instantly be with the ones that need me . 
Touch the Earth with your feet , lift your face to the sun , breathe the air , listen to the birds and the wind through the trees . There you shall find the inspiration and energy to do all things . 
after history class today i love < PROPFIRST > duck even more than ever 
No matter how bad life gets just remember some one in the grave yard would always love to swap places 
hey you ... yes you ... no not them , you ... yes you , the one sitting at your computer reading my status ........ HI 
is wondering if the impossible is really possible considering the statistical probability of functional forces when directly proportionate to the impossible . 
I wonder what's in my wonderball :) 
i officially fail at math 
Listen to the words , and you can be fooled . Look at the actions , and you can be fooled . Feel deeply into your heart , and then you will know the truth . Who makes your heart soar now ? Well , what are you waiting for ? 
did my homework , watched the descent , got my hair cut , finished the scimitar , and ordered a corsage ... very productive day 
fine facebook i'll tell you whats on my mind ... physics and PROM !!!!! 
prom was amazing glad we decided to go the limo was the bomb . and the hot tub afterparty was the greatest way to end one of the best days ever . thanks guys 
finished my longboard today :) i'm thinking of making some custom ones for sale if anyone's interrested 
life's a beach ... lots of sand ... sometimes you get splashed in the face , but it's up to you to decide to let the wave splash you again or ride the wave off into the sunset ... i choose to ride :) 
Why is it that the day before mothers day the men's section is trashed ? 
words are the source of all misunderstanding 
Sometimes , I wonder if I am fooling myself for being so patient and understanding . But I continue to do it anyway , because it is what makes me happy . I am me . 
is thinking thoughts that made him think thoughts that he thought he wouldn't think ! 
yancy's party is going to be awesome !!! my costume is epic ;D 
GREAT PARTY thanks to everyone who came !! the look on < PROPFEMALE>'s face made it all worth it . HAPPY BIRHTDAY [ ALMOST ] < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!! 
had a thought , it was a good thought , it was a thought beyond thoughts , it was a thought with a point , but only to realize he cant actually remember it 
There are 50 fish in a fish tank , 37 drown , How many fish are left ? Ooh stop counting u Idiot FISH CANT DROWN ! 
drama club dance party . i don't think i need say more 
doesn't feel well :( ich habe ein bauchschmertzen 
I have decided i'm saving my money getting a ukelele and learning how to play it this summer 
its only in your head , only in your head , in your head , forget your head and you'll be free 
A hat should be taken off when you greet a lady and left off for the rest of your life . Nothing looks more stupid than a hat . 
I cried today losing three of my friends bits and pieces tomorrow is going to suck losing so many more 
Going to party it up tonight at bits and pieces ;P 
needs a good quote . any suggestions 
I'd take a bullet for you even if you were the one who pulled the trigger ;D 
do not think of this as the epilogue , rather see it as the prologue of the next chapter of our lives . 
took a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > ... i really wish things hadn't turned out the way they did but at the same time i'm glad i learned what i did . first of all long distance doesn't work if you don't call ;) and friends come and go but the best friends , they stick to your side like glue :D haha man i'm lame 
D.A.B.D.A. complete :) didn't take aslong as i thought it would either 
a's and a b+ on todays finals ... now for the easy two tomorrow then summer :D 
does anyone have a spare set of longboard wheels and trucks they are willing to sell ? 
\i swear you could kill someone with that cross ... o wait it already has\ " haha just found this in my phone [ thanks caitlin ] " 
If you like this status , I will post on your wall something that I like about you . Post this as a status if you want a challenge 
i love how i was born in texas , lived in illinois for nine years , and have lived in arizona for three , and i still have no typed or spoken accent . :D 
I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met and your favourite memory of us -repost this as your own status and see what you get 
If I had a ticket to heaven and you didn't have one too I'd tear my ticket to pieces and go through hell with you . 
niw i neht ton fi trams < PROPFEMALE > uoy sdrawkcab siht dear nac uoy fi 
Blackhawks better whoop the wings 
the blacklights at stratum confirmed it , i am no longer white ! haha 
Movie night this tuesday whose in ? :) 
\People protect what they love\ " ~ Jacques Cousteau ~ " 
Just won fifty bucks from a burger < PROPMALE > scratch off game piece ;P 
Might be hosting a foreigin exchange student from norway :D 
We're actors - we're the opposite of people . < PROPMALE > Stoppard 
The last airbender is a most excellent movie if i may say . so seeing it 3D isn't too special tho ;P 
trying to find the american equivalents to british electrical components sucks why can't we all use the same codes and component serial < PROPFIRST > ? 
Despicable me is the funniest movie i've seen in a long freaking time 
if you like this status , i'll send you something i like , dislike , confession and my first impression about you 
Concert choir , ap english , ap government/ap economics , performance theatre , journalism 2 
1 day 1hour and 40 minutes til i'm 18 
birthday tomorrow new orleans thursday and chicago on the 31st .... < PROPMALE > caesars decision to create a month all to hisself ... priceless ;P 
\Jafar you two faced son of a jackel\ " hehe alladin " 
thanks so much everyone that wished me a happy birthday it was great . i hope you guys are able to come to my party on the 24th cuz it's going to be epicly amazing 
i'm not lazy . I'm overflowing with potential energy 
Off to new orleans ;D 
Hey guys i need a head count of who all can come to my party tomorrow 
Party today at 2 at my house ;D text me if you can come or need directions 
nobody calls her baby\ 
nobody says i love you so\ 
nobody calls her baby \ 
i guess she'll never know 
Off to chicago . Can't wait to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > esposito , < PROPFEMALE > , and everyone else ;D 
went to the sign-ups for my old highschool and got to put on a dress to promote our drama club . i may be thousands of < PROPMALE > away but i'll always be a tf south Rebel Player !!!!! :P 
Happy last day of summer ;P 
if i could think of something quirky or funny it would go here but i'm currently incapable of that caliber of thought so this'll have to do for now 
Peterpanitis sucks a lot 
you can ask me one question ( ONLY IN MY INBOX .... THAT'S THE RULE ) Any question , no matter what or how CRAZY . I will answer no matter what . You have my full honesty .... but I DARE YOU TO PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS and see what questions you get asked ... 
Just for curiosity's sake ... Poke me if you've ever had a crush on me . Like this status if you thinkI'm cute . Inbox me if you've ever wanted to have a relationship . Put asmiley face if I'm your friend , put a :D if I'm your best friend , and a ? if you love me . Now let's see who's brave enough to paste this as your status ! 
the bank finally paid me my direct deposit bonus :D \ 
easiest $150 ever . \ 
used some of it to buy myself some TOMS ;D 
#7 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! haha 
For every minute you remain angry , you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind . 
And now here is my secret , a very simple secret ; it is only with the heart that one can see rightly , what is essential is invisible to the eye 
Hey i got a new phone and need everyones # again so text your name to me 4807727898 
sold my brand new phone that i never got to use because Verizon had to be a jerk and make the egregiously expensive data plan mandatory >:-| 
PA`TCHO` PARRARE ADJOSIRE` ... no clue what it means but it was my solo [ but not really ] and i chose \YOU STOLE MY BANANAS \"" 
truth is ... well you should like this to find out . 
the likey truthy thingy is taxing so if i haven't posted yours i'll get back to you tomorrow but my brain hurts and i'm tired . 
naptime 
random week off for no apparent reason , how i love thee . 
so as is the ritual with me and hell week , i'm getting sick , i'm not even acting but my body apparently doesn't know that . 
time to begin donning the na`vi complexion again :D pictures shall be posted later . 
so na`vi trial run went well but i still have make-up on my heels that decided it would like to stay and it tis quite annoying 
Come see < PROPMALE > jones tonight and < PROPMALE > orrow . house opens at 6:30 tickets $6 for students and $7 for adults . I swear you will laugh loudly 
Hey i got a new phone and would very much appreciate it if you sent me your NAME to 4807727898 
Please like and post this as your status if someone you knew was killed by Lord Voldemort or any of his followers . As everybody knows , being killed by a killing curse , having your soul sucked out by a dementor , or getting petrified by a basilisk is a truly tragic fate for anyone ; Muggle or Wizard . 93% of people won't post this , they have already been Avada Kedavra'd or had their soul sucked out ... 
finally reading < PROPMALE > jones ... after the show ended . it is amazingly well written . 
Each moment of the year has its own beauty , it beholds , every hour , a picture which was never seen before , and which shall never be seen again . 
who just got an 1899 copy of < PROPMALE>'s Nature ? I did !!! ;D 
The happiest man is he who learns from nature the lesson of worship . 
just completely missed my shift at work cuz i am such an idiot 
Inbox me any question and ill answer it on my status 
Anybody want a kitten \\n 
Tay-lor [ tey-ler]\ 
noun : a latte boy . Generally brings one java and joy . Loved by women who enjoy extra foam on their coffee . [ urban dictionary , #67 ] 
Is straight just to clarify 
nap time ? 
Christmas with family so many small vhildren and my uncle s trying to find old friends via my facebook ? 
got a NERF gun for Christmas . o yea it's on :) 
stupid mobile facebook never works when i want it to 
Who just got his acceptance letter from concordia irvine ? \ 
This guy !!! 
judging by the overpoweringly large number of posts by panicked Juniors , it would appear that the time has come for Mrs. Paulson's < PROPMALE > Gump project . \ 
and to that i say ... \ 
\ 
QUIT FREAKING OUT that was the most enjoyable project EVER ! 
Finally got a real dog :) 
Does anyone have a picture of < PROPFIRST > in his full zurg costume , i need it for my portfolio . 
off to california for weekend #2 in a row . i'm already starting to spend more time there than at home :) 
is there a group for gentlemen who haven't been asked to MORP yet ? ;) 
You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you , but nothing forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute . You are avenged 1440 times a day . 
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh 
I'm going to Disneyland !! 
Of all the things i've lost , i miss my mind the most . 
Best prom ever ! Now to arrange to \accidentally\ " miss my flight and happen to re-enroll at TF South and my weekend will be complete " 
Can i just graduate now , it's not like I'm doing anything anymore 
I hate leaving , why can't Arizona and Illinois be right next to each other , at least then I would be close enough to leave and not have to deal with this stupid nostalgia . 
Congrats Copperstar that was a truly enjoyable performance ! 
Race time 
Yea i placed at 2111th out of 28000 haha ;) 
Truth is ... ( like ) 
\you're training someone\ " best words ever ;P " 
I placed first for males in my age group AND Second for females overall ? sweet 
Happy Easter !!! 
kinda misses his blonde hair , but then again it's blonde 
25 Days ! Holy Crap time flew :D 
1 . How did we met :\ 
2 . Would you date me :\ 
3 . Who are you to me :\ 
4 . Have we kissed :\ 
5 . What do you like best about me :\ 
6 . What do you dislike about me :\ 
7 . Favorite memory of us :\ 
8 . What was your first impression of me :\ 
9 . How close are we : 
10 days ! \ 
Europe will now begin playing in a constant loop in my head 
Subway makes my day ;) even though i had to wait til 8 to enjoy it's deliciousness 
