Would you tell Picasso to sell his guitars ? 

is watching The Office . 
thinks a peanut butter stirrer is the most stupid invention ever . 
Whoo-Hooo ! My first wall post . This is big . Really Big . So big , who ever is reading this will respond . ( you know you want to ) . Share my joy ! 
YAY ! Going to see the school play ! ( That rhymes and I hope it is good because I am actually paying to see it ! ) 
Hate when people ask you to be their friends and you dont really know them ? They just do it to ge over a thousand friends or whatever ? Yeah , me too . 
I feel ranty today ..................... I hope you notice the sarcasm . 
Ninjas are attacking ! I must fend them off with my Jedi SKILLZ ! 
I beg to dream and differ from the hollow lies This is the dawning of the rest of our lives On holiday ! - Words by the great band Green Day , which their song , Holiday , has been running through my head all day . And I love it ! 
I just ate salsa ..... ARRIBA ! 
I am going to log off of FaceBook .... 
is ROTFLOLing because she feels like it . 
HEY GUYS !!!! I USED THE SNOW DAY CALCULATOR HERE'S THE LINK ! http://david.sukhin.com/Weather/Snowday/My-Snowday.htm REPLY WITH YOUR < PROPMALE > OF SNOW DAY TOMORROW ! I GOT 99% BUT THAT SOUNDS WRONG . PLEASE REPLY WITH YOUR RESULTS ! 
HAPPY HANUKAH ! ( i hope i spelled that right ... ) 
I'm just a man , I'm not a hero . I'm just a boy , I'm gonna sing this song . I'm just a man , not a hero . I don't CARE ! - My Chemical Romance \Welcome to the Black Parade \"" 
' That def , dumb and blind kid . Sure plays a mean pinball . ' 
No more pencils , no more books , no more teachers ' dirty looks ! 
I beg to dream and differ from the hollow lies , this is the dawning of the rest of our lives .... ON HOLIDAY ! 
I meant what I said , and I said what I meant . And an Elephant's faithful , one hundered percent ! 
We elves try to stick to the four main food groups : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > canes , < PROPFEMALE > corns and syrup . 
He puzzled and puzzled till his puzzler was sore . Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before ! Maybe Christmas , he thought , doesn't come from a store . Maybe Christmas ... perhaps ... means a little bit more ! 
Are we ? We are . Are we ? We are . The waiting . 
stongly dislikes it when people talk , write or even texts in text language ! 
What do you call a superhero with no supervillan ? A fool- in tights . 
I've got a lovely buch of coconuts , there they are a-standing in a row . Big ones , small ones , some as big as your head ... 
is giving up curse words for lent . Wish me luck ! 
Salt , sweat , sugar on the asphalt ! Our hearts littering the topsoil ! Tune in and we can get the last call . Our lives , are cold . 
Don't stress , Relax , Let life roll off your backs Except for death and paying taxes , Everything in life is only for now ! 
has just changed all her contact-names on her cell phone to those of superheroes . 
Hmmm .... smells like teen spirt ! 
Hmmm ... smells like teen spirit ! 
Save the cheerleader , save the world ! 
< PROPMALE > Ventimiglia is very yummy . 
What you want is right in front of you ! 
Are you a robot or alien ? 
Anyone wanna start a band ? 
Yay ! The Fender amp finally came ! :-D . This is a very happy Saint < PROPFEMALE>'s day ! 
Wasn't rat disection fun ?! 
It's always the quiet ones ... 
I wonder what it's like to be the head honcho , I wonder what I'd do if they all did just what I said . I'd shout out an order , I think we're out of this man get me some , Boy don't make me wanna change my ... tone , my tone ! 
We're not goofing off . We're creating musical fusion . 
I can't belive I am typing this , but are there any guitar players or drummers here that are in a 10 mile radius form my house that are looking for a band ? 
If it looks like a zombie and smells like a zombie ... it could still be a crazy homeless man . 
I am trying to decide what I want to play for marching band . Any ideas ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRBDtf1Knuk 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRBDtf1Knuk CYMBALS ! 
The only thing to do is jump over the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Note to self : Do NOT attempt to crack a hard boiled egg with one hand . 
Go Lady Dukes Water Polo ! Kick Fenwick's ass ! 
is going through drum line withdrawl . 
I f you fall off the log you'll DIE ! 
is psyched for tomorrow ! 
Word to the un-wise : NEVER mess with a determined < PROPFEMALE > . 
If I passed by one point ... I passed . If I pass by two points , I studied too hard ! 
We roll tonight , to the guitar bite . And for those who rock ... We salute you ! 
MEAT ? Meat is good . 
Raisins come from grapes , people come from apes , I come from Canada ! 
I don't wanna be told to grow up ! 
Yes . 
Nitwit , blubber , oddment and tweak . 
What's the use ? Should I give up hope ? 
I've been waiting a long time , for this moment to come , I'm destined for anything at all . 
They say curiosity was responsible for the unforunate demise of the cat , but with eight more live to investigate , what kind of deal is that ? Not Bad ! 
I'm on a sentimental journey , into sight and sound , of no return , no lookin ' back or down . A consciences objector to the one that's in my mind , I'm leavin ' in the lurch and I'm taking back what's mine ! 
Days off from school make me happy ! 
Being normal is over-rated anyway ... 
I got a gig babysitting , and now I have money . Excellent . 
I'm not complaining . How am I complaining ? When have do I ever complain about you practicing the violin at three in the morning , or your mess , your general lack of hygiene , or the fact that you steal my clothes ? 
Remember , you can always find East by staring directly at the sun . 
\Try not to look him in the eyes ...... which shouldn't be tough because he's butt ugly . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
Always remember : A gorilla with a gun is far superior to a ninja . 
A crime fighting haiku : Your loathsome antics , have displeased < PROPFEMALE > , surrender or die . 
Do you remember ? When you were young and you wanted to set the world on fire ? 
< PROPFEMALE > vu ! 
Life doesn't suck . You just think it does . 
So hot ! I think my hair is melting . Days like these make me wish that it was winter again ... 
Four more days ! 
Humph . 
And half the world is sleeping , while the other half dreams , you close your eyes , and then you're gone ! 
Contrary to popular belief , I know exactly what I'm doing . 
The 1st time is happenstance ; 2nd time is coincidence ; 3rd time is enemy action . 
Sweet < PROPFEMALE > , bum bum bum ! Good times never seemed so good ! 
Bears , beets ... Battlestar Galactica . 
So don't give up on me , we can still be pretend . This is all just a game , that'll work itself out in the end . \ 
- \Demons\ " Darkest Hour " 
PETRIFICUS TOTALUS ! Now you must sit here still and look at my awesome status ! 
Tears do not end a sin . We have to < PROPFEMALE > it with us through\ 
in this maze of feelings with no ends in sight . \ 
Who am I waiting for ? 
Are you happy ? 
You can be my bodygaurd and I'll be your long lost pal . 
I want YOU to want ME . ( Cue crazy screaming Japanese fans ! ) 
I've been thinkin ' bout my doorbell , when ya gonna ring it , when you gonna ring it ? 
Beef . 
What if you were the deuteragonist to your own story ? 
We got a new stove and oven . Cookie time ! 
I don't have much\ 
vacation and such , \ 
so that I eat up my time \ 
with personal crimes . \ 
And if I resign , \ 
you can totally define that\ 
I've wasted a day , \ 
no more to say . 
I like it in the Batcave . 
My pet hamster just died . Yes I know , it's quite sad . \ 
My pet hamster just died . But don't feel that bad . 
So soon I have found that the colors all around , \ 
are not in sight , but in sound . 
Three cheers for getting away with something blatantly obvious ! 
\And it was not your fault but mine 
All the small things ... 
Open your eyelids , \ 
then close them because it's bright . \ 
Blink untill night comes . 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed at Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . Over 50 citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this , but will you be part ... of that magical 7% that will ? Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
So long , and thanks for all the fish ! 
With the lights out , it's less dangerous , here we are now , entertain us . I feel stupid and contagious , here we are now , entertain us 
Bleah . 
Don't belive a word . 
It's tomorrow ! 
Dobby is a free elf ! 
I love cold , rainy weather ! 
Talk is cheap and lies are expensive . 
I wonder : what is the use of underwear ? If anyone could inform me of this pressing question , it would be much appreciated . 
You gotta keep her in your pocket , where there's no way out now . Put it in a safe and lock it , ' cuz its home sweet home . 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December 6 , 2010 there\ 
should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This\ 
is in support for stopping violence against children . -UNICEF 
Once everyhundred thousand years or so , where the sun doth shine , \ 
and the < PROPFEMALE > doth glow and the grass doth grow . 
Why does my life have to be so small ? Yet death is forever , and does forever have a life to call its own ? 
It's cold here . 
You'll taste it , you'll taste it ... in time . 
No one can touch me now , and I can't turn my back . \ 
It's too late ready or not at all 
I can't let my narcolepsy slide ... into another nightmare . 
Look outside at the raincoats coming , say-oh ! 
We're on a mission from God ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmans < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really , really , ridiculously good looking . And I plan on finding out what that is . 
Children by the million sing for < PROPFIRST > Chilton when he comes ' round . 
It's funny how such a small act of kindness can go so incredibly far . And yes , this is me being sentimental . 
You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger , darling . 
Solo night . 
I slit a sheet a sheet , A sheet , I slit , upon a slitted sheet I sit . 
Any songs I should learn on guitar ? 
The blizzard is going ... snow-where ! 
Hello . Goodbye . 
It is suprisingly hard to type in mittens . 
Driving = Awesome . 
\Yellow sun is shining in the afternoon\ 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Armstrong ! 39 years and you still rock . 
Paper = done . Take that public school system ! 
My real half birthday is today , and not on Febuary 26th . 
Like my status and I will tell you what Green Day song you remind me of . ( I was inspired . 
I'm giving up meat on weekdays for lent . This shall be hard . 
I would be so much fun to be a roadie ... just sayin . 
Why am I , a natural pessimist , so damn optimistic ? 
Yes . No . Maybe so ? 
