happy new year !!!! 

well ... the year has started a new !!!!! any sweet new years resolutions ? 
i just started mafia wars so im lookin for some cronies/friends to dominate with lol 
one more membor for my mafia and ill be soooo happy lol 
mmmmmm ..... to day everyone will eat some form of < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! it will be great lol 
hmmmmm ..... i should post more on facebook other than mafia wars stuff . lol anyone hav any ideas ? 
if i put a picture on here would more people say hello ? 
is having an off day ..... 
anyone else think today was a bad day ?!!!!!!!!!! 
if only i had some pictures of myself that i liked ...... my facebook would look sooo much better . lol 
hazah i hav a picture !!!! 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!! my xbox died last night 
still no luck reviving my xbox ....... im goin to take it apart tomorrow ... wish me luck !!! 
how goes the world ? 
my xbox is alive !!!!!!!!!!! waranty be damned !!! lol 
the wekend is coming !!!!!!! 
soooo much driving today !!!! sooo tired !!! lol . 
watched braveheart the otherday !!!! still awesome !!!!! lol ...... freeeeedoooooomm !!!!!!!!!! 
who knew it was < PROPFEMALE > wars day ? 
happy may < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!!! 
wants to know what your favorite movie is ? 
friday !!!!! who is ready for the weekend !!! 
does anyone think i use exclamation points too much ? 
the weekend has started and i shal make it up as i go !!!! lol what to do today ? hmmm ... any ideas anyone ? 
whats everyone doin for their moms !!!! 
i hope everyone had a wonderful time with their mothers today !!! 
how goes the world everyone ? 
Guinness Book Of Records holds the record for being the book most stolen\ 
from Public Libraries . who here helps them keep this record !! lol 
and how is everyones day goin sofar ? 
well im as bored as heaven !!!! anyone have anything interesting goin on ? 
and the world keeps turning ........... 
and today makes 2 crapy days in arow ..... hmmm well the day just started it might just be a day and a half .... 
yep .... this makes 2 crap days in a row ..... :/ 
does anyone have any good news to share ? 
hav u ever had thoes days when u wake up in a bad mood and NOTHING HAPPENS and then nothing happens for the rest of the dat to change your mood ... resulting in a crapy day but u havnt and drama to justify your bad mood ...? ya know ... one of thoes days ... well im on day three of said day ...... any one have any good new for me today ? 
well my atitude for the day has gone from piss poor to eh .... ill take it as a win for the day . 
my sister is moving to montana for a job and i wont see < PROPFEMALE > for like 6 months !!!!! now who will i bother . lol 
i think i only spoke like 20 words today .... hmmmm how sad i didnt get to actually talke to anyone today ..... :/ 
its saturday !!!!! does anyone hav any funtastic plans afoot ? 
good afternoon everyone !!! 
everyone is bussy today arnt they .... no one has said hello all day ... how sad for me :( 
if something awful happened to u how long do u think it would take for someone to notice u were dead ? for me i think about 2 days give or take 12 hrs lol 
anyone seen any good movies as of late ? iv been in the mood to watch some and i was wonderin if anyone had any suggestions . 
did anyone see that movie kickass ? was it any good ? 
another day and only a few people will say hello .... :( i should just not go online as much and it wont seem so bad lol 
well i havnt slepm in 2.5 daysa so i off to sleep before i start to type philosophy and what not . g night 
According to suicide statistics , Monday is the favored \ 
day for self-destruction .... and as such i will now list 3 things to live for .. 1 on sunday and 2 others on monday !!!!! not that i suspect any of u lol 
and on r wednesday ill give a bad thing just so it doesnt lose its effect . lol 
to todays bad news is ....... The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is . 
hmmm lets see other bad news for the day ..... EVERY 16 MINUTES SOMEONE IN THE U.S. DIES OF SUICIDE ! \ 
Every 43 Seconds someone attempts suicide ! thats a good one ... There are way too many stupid people in the world and another is born every day !! 
tomorrow good news . 
first good news of the day !!!!.... no matter what u think someone loves u ... even at this very moment . 
hello world !!! and friends .. how goes the day ? 
good news for the day !!!!!... A true friend is always a friend no matter how much time may pass . 
what is your favorite kind of pie !!!!! 
i started to stumble and i havent stoped . lol 
any one have any good news for the day ? 
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards ... 
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room , it will \ 
eventually turn white ... ha anyone tried this ? 
The world record for time without sleep is 264 \ 
hours ( ~ 11 days ) by < PROPFIRST > \ 
Gardner in 1965 ..... its on !!!! lol now i just need to find a way to prove that i did it lol . any suggestions ? my best is 6 days .... this my sake some time to train for lol ... maybe if i rotate between my friends i could do it lol 
If you put a raisin in a fresh glass of champagne , \ 
it will rise and fall \ 
continuously ... this i have so see !! unless one of u has done it befor ? 
i read that kissing helps prevent tooth decay ..... or is it that the people that have someone to kiss just brush more often then thoes who dont lol 
its high noon !!!!! and im goin out side !! if i dont post by 4 ... i died . lol 
not dead 
my beautiful is gone !!!!! i had a hair cut and now its really short ..... my wavy locks\ 
are gone . how sad .... 
sooooo much rain !!! why !!! 
i am now in a slightly better mood than a was 3 hrs ago !!!! yay for me ...... the number on problem on my mind has a resolution coming up lol now the waiting game ..... wish me luck !! 
its saturday !!!!!! everyony enjoying their weekends !!!!! 
o my goodnes !!!! i want brownies right now !!!! lol 
another wonderful rainy day !! 
well i just found out im headed out to vegas in ten days !!! yay me !!! 
if anyone wants to talk to me in person or have me visit let me know because ill put u on my things to do and people to see list before i go to vegas ... i wont be gone for long but far a while . except < PROPFEMALE > u made it to the top of my list see u soon lol . 9 days left until take off ! 
hark !!!! i didnt accomplish much today ... better luck tomorrow i guess ..... 
7 days left till i take off for my round trip to see the family !!! 
well .. my day has consisted of 1 waiting for a phone call and 2 watching movies with the family ... all in all a good day .. aside from not getting the call i was/am waiting for . 
as much as i loved my wavy locks i had i think my short hair is growing on me lol . no pun intended 
hello facebook people ...... how was the day ? 
another day and i still didnt get that call i wanted today ... better luck tomorrow maybe ... 
damn !!! another day and i still didnt get that phone call i wanted lol ..... only five days left till i take off for the roadtrip to see my family !!! by the way .... does any one have any idea why its raining so much !!! 
nobody wants talk , nobody wants to chit chat , just a little , maybe a little , nobody wants to chit chat ... 
my sisters are so awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! everyone should have a few sisters your life will/would be so much better . lol 
its going to be a great day !!! new things and old things colide for good times !! 
i didnt get the call i wanted but i got something almost as good ( 72% or so as good ) lol . so the day has started well aside from some distressing news i still have a positive out look for the day !!! 
twas a nice day today ... for the most part . first part of the day was poor second part awsesome !! last part not so great . 
the day is over and now i have 3 days left till i take off to vegas .... so many things to do , people to see and so little time to do it in . 
stunble wont let me sleep !!! lol 
darn u stumble !!!! i wanted to go to sleep 2 hours ago and look what u did !!! 
three days left !!!! then i start my trip to Vegas and then a road trip to see family till i come full circle back here ..... not sure when i will get back tho .... 
its a nice day so far ... not too much goin on tho and its nice . lol 
well i didnt do much today ... just some youtube and ssome other stuff ... 
2 days left until i leave ... i don't think anyone here cares that much ... my much anticipated departure shall be met with much rejoycing ... yaaay ... 
only 3 things left to do before i take off !!! 2 of them i can live with out doing but the third will bother me the hole trip if unresolved before i go ... well i have 2 days im sure ill get the that one lol 
well its the 15th ... the last day before i have to pack and what not before i leave to Vegas and family visits ..... i should be back around the end of july ... if anyone wanted to say hello or talk in person today is the day , u wont have another < PROPMALE > for a while lol .... i never did get that call i wanted :'( ..... o well ill just stop waiting for it and it might come lol 
stumble ... what a nice way to burn some time lol 
has aneone else seen a picture of Bearsharktapus its one of the most frightening things iv ever seen lol 
well i take off to the airport here in a bit ( in like 2 hrs ... the flight is in pasco ) so talk to ya all latter . 
my goodness i forgot just how hot it was here in Vegas ... i went from 70s to 90s on a cool day lol . 
its still like 90 at night here in vegas !! 
its fathers day .... again ....... 
yay !!! fathers day is almost over .... hope u all had a good thought of your dads today !!!!! 
aside from being dehidrated for about 60% of the time the trip is goin alright here ...... 
it was a mere 101 today ... pretty cool for vegas day . 
by the way ... everyone is super excited about futurama right ? only 2 days left !!! 
many strange things the last few days .... anyone else have one of those dreams that arnt really dreams but you talking to your self ? oddly enough it was my first dream in a very long time ... also i thing im getting sick and this fever really isnt mixing well with the heat here . 
new futurama on tomorrow !!!!!!! 
105 so far today ... so we decided to stay inside today and watch some movies and what not . 
please tell me someone else is as super excited as i am for the new seson of futurama to start tonight at ten !!!!!!! i bet its posted online by tomorrow lol . 
FUTURAMA IS AWESOME !!!!!!!! if ur a fan u will love it !!!!!! i know i did !!! if u didnt se it u must !!! 
the day went well ... not many good things on stumble tonight ..... sad . 
netflix has archer to stream !!!!!!! it really made my day today !! 
only 7 days till the 4th !!!!!!!!! odd that on sunday so many people will be blowing things up and hurting loved ones lol 
screw the cost i have rules !!.... wait thats not right .... lol . anyone here love tfs dbz abridged and was saddened when it stoped at ep11 ?... because its back and up to 15 with more in the making aparently . 
as a personal update .... i am still sick !!! :/ not much time to take in the sights or do a bit of gambiling when im out cold or medicaded to the point i may stumble about if left alone lol . my sister gave me some pills .... only to find out that she didnt know what they were .. after i had taken them lol 
a nice 112 today lol 
a wonderful 110 here in vegas today .... 
i think cough syrup puts me in a zombie state .... i can never get to sleep after taking some i just sit there tired and slow lol 
only a few days left to get fireworks !!!! i dont think ill be able to get any this year :( shells are illegal in vegas ..... and there really isnt any other kind to get lol . 
not sure what kind of bug i picked up but i cant seem to get rid of it .... its really starting to put a damper on my trip . 
< PROPFEMALE > many things on my mind as of late .... and the most important one i cant even get to ..... very distressing . o well . 
hark !!! i really dont like being sick .... i havnt been able to go anywhere so i cant get any pics of vegas and what not . 
i hope everyone enjoys tomorrow !!!!!! dont burn anything down ! unless u have to lol 
HAPPY 4TH EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
how was everyones 4th ? everyone have a good firework show ? any fires/wounds ? 
hello facebook friends .... how goes the world ? 
my goodness ..... i love sweet tea !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
justdubs.net ....... not a good place at night lol u will lose track of time lol 
no matter how many times i hear this song Elfen Lied - Lilium i just sit there captivated by it ..... 
just had a wonderful dip in the pool here ..... im really starting to feel better !!!! how goes everyone elses day ? 
anyone else just feel tired today ....... 
im gong to be visit by brother soon !!!!!! wish me luck .... 
anyone else love tfs dbz abridged ? they hav a web site teamfourstar.com if u want look for new episodes . they posted ep 16 this week 
hello world !!!!.... 
and my trip to \last wages\ " ( hahahahhahaha ) has just about come to an end .... how sad ... i should be home to post falls in about a week !! " 
and im off om my adventure home !!! i should be back in post falls in just about a week or sooner !! 
just arrived here in idaho to visit family this morrning at 3 am lol and so far today its going well !!! 
im on my ay home tomarrow !!!! ihad a great time with the family so far a few odd moments but overall a good trip . we flew kites today !!! im going to be so tired when i get home after today and tomarrows 9hr or so drive home .... i think when i get home ill gust say im home and walk upstairs and go to sleep . lol 
i should be starting the long journey home today !! wish me luck and that we dont crash or fall asleep !!! but we should be fine assumeing we get on the road in a fews hours . 
i should be starting the long journe home today ! wish us luck we dont fall asleep on the road !! we should be fine assumeing we get on the road here in a few hours . 
and im back !!!! tired but home . 
lets see ... got home and went to sleep ... woke up to prep work for a church function that i am now going to have to help set up , cook , prep and serve at lol what a busy weekend this will turn out to be . i cant wait to see what will go wrong lol 
how goes the world everyone ? is everyone doing ok today ? 
busy busy day .... from 12-11 ill be working at a church function .... wish me luck that i dont pass out and that it all goes well !!!! im going to need it lol 
well im very tired from yesterday so i think im goin back to sleep lol . the rest of you go do something fun while im asleep !!! 
turns out that not onley did i come home to help with a church function but also a college placement test that happens to be tomorrow ... so im goin to spend the rest of my day trying to remember math lol wish me luck !! 
i realized today that i remember doing math .... just < PROPMALE > much of the how lol 
tomorrow is my \suprise\ " college placement test ... wish me luck !!..... if u dont i will be sad and not do well ... so do it !!!!! lol " 
3 of u are awsesome for wishing me luck !!!!!!!! lol the rest of u .... we will have words lol 
and its done .... i took the placement test !!! i did ok ... im kind of disapointed in math but im sure when i get back in to it it should come back to me . 
stumble .... u have failed me for another night !!! nothing u found made me smile before i went to sleep ... a sad night for stumble and i . 
nothing new to report in my world ..... 
lets see ... scheduled an appointment at NIC to set up what classes i want to take this fall but that is Aug 5 
SHARK WEEK !!!!!!!! AUG 1 who is ready !!!!! 
my sisters are taking off on Monday !!! :( one back to vegas ... and the other to boise to see my other sister ..... ill be sister less 
anyone know any good activities to do with really bad boy scouts ? and not bad as in they do bad things just a bit slow and they whine a lot . most are aged around 12 give or take a few years . i was asked to help \man up\ " a group of scouts and a few parents and i was wondering if u guys had any good ideas . i have a few ideas but would love some more . " 
O my goodness !!!!! this heat will be the death of me !!! i can think of a few things to end it but a weather dominator seems a bit extreme and expensive lol ... are any of u up for a refreshing trip to lake coeur d'alene ? hmmmm ... i would need at least 1 or 2 of u to not be bored there ... 3 or 4 would make the car ride fore fun lol . and 5 of u would just be interesting lol . 
well .... i got one person who is willing to go to the lake next week .... anyone else want to go ? 
iv got one friend that said he would go ( < PROPFIRST > ) . now i need a few more \ 
of u to make the trip really worth it and fun !! i was lookin forward to\ 
trying to fit all the people in my car ... but at this rate it will be \ 
quite roomy lol . o well ... i still have a week to get some more of ya !! 
how to get a few more of u to want to go to the lake ... hmmm . i have one of those inflatable island things so that would be fun ! i was going to make a round trip to pick all the people up so u wouldn't have to drive . all u would have to bring would be a swim suit , maybe a change of close , and some lotion i guess if u wanted to not burn . 
only 5 or so days left to let me know if u want to come to the lake with me !! come on !! what will it take to get a few more of ya to want to come along ? 
its Saturday !!!! im a bit under the weather so ill be inside most of the day but what about the rest of you ? doing good things i hope ... well except for you 3 !! ur always up to no good or mischief . lol u know who u are !!! 
something is wrong with my eating habits as of late .... i just made 2 sandwiches and when i was getting a glass of milk my sandwiches were gone ... i had crumbs on my shirt but i thought i only had a few bites ... lol 
shark week !!!!!!!!!!! starts now !!!!!!! who is ready/excited ? 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of the first memory you have of ME that pops into your head . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
a friend told me some jokes the other day ... i only liked 1 but will repeat 2 . < PROPFEMALE > dont read the second lol \ 
1)Chuck < PROPMALE > crossed the road . No one has ever dared question his motives . \ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
\ 
2 ) lets make like a fetus and abort ! ( i have no idea where he had heard this one ) 
great !!!...... now im in the mood for Chick < PROPMALE > facts ... thanks < PROPFIRST > !! lol 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > \ 
played golf for money < PROPMALE > marked down a hole in 0 every time a pro \ 
at the golf club said to < PROPMALE > \excuse me sir but you cant score \ 
well i think i got my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > fix . lol i hope u liked some of them . 
i accidentally riped part of the scare on my wrist open today ... 
i really need to run more often or at least more than never lol ... i played baseball yesterday and my thighs have been killing me all day today ! 
i still plan to go to lake coeur d'alene this weekend im thinking Saturday afternoon not sure on the exact time yet ... just wanted to remind anyone that wanted to come along to let me know so i can get directions to pick you up and what not . 
and im off to pick classes for collage !!! wish me luck !!!! 
political science here i come lol 
are u sure no one else wants/is able to come to the lake with me on Saturday i bet it will be yet an other hot day !! cmon !! so far its just me and < PROPFIRST > b ...... not much of a round trip if i only have to pick up one person lol 
today seems to be a rather nice day ... not too hot , nice breeze ... if only i had gotten some sleep and wasnt so darn tired lol 
who is getting excited for the expendables movie !!!!!!!!!! 
one last test tomorrow at noon !!! then ill have all my classes set up for school .... and this one will be a written essay .... 
yay me !!! passed my written test to get bumped up an english course !!! too bad i dont like writing lol 
hark !!! what a busy few days is has been and a few more ahead .... :( o well ... 
is sitting down thinking about 2 unimportant things , an important thing , and 1 thing that has bothered me for like 2 and a half months ..... hmmmmmm :/ 
hmmmmm what should i do tomorrow ? i would do some more stuff to day but ..... im a little on the tired side at the moment 
tomorrow is Friday the 13th !!!! what does everyone have panned ? 
what a nice day outside ..... fate is really trying to tempt u to go outside today , will u fall for its tricks on this Friday the 13th ? 
saw the expendables today .. it was a good movie . it was lacking a bit in story . not great but good 
Best \ 
friends are the people that know all about and still put up with you ! lol 
yesterday i wasn't feeling so great but today i just feel awful . 
come Monday im off to collage !! lol 
all of you are more or less awesome ... two of you not so much as the others lol 
school on monday ... cant help but feel a sense of familiarity with that lol 
my first day of college is at 8am ..... hmmmmm 
hmmm ... not sure going to college has really set in yet for me ... 
and so ends my first week of college ..... 
for some strange reason im in a really good mood this fine morning ..... but i didnt sleep that well odd .... 
i missed the firs day of my english class and on the second day i had like 5 things to write but when i went to class the next time no one else had done the work lol so she put it off for another day ..... i hope this isnt a trend for my english class 
hmmmm what shall i do after my english class this afternoon ..... hmmmm ... nap , eat , watch a movie , maybe go see a friend , or maybe a should try \other \"." 
well i have a short day tomorrow !! huzzah ! 
blah blah blah ?.... blah blah !! hahahahhaha !!! blah blah blablah . :) ( papaya ) 
three day weekend !! ya labor day !! hope everyone has a great weekend ! is pig out in the park over ... if not go for it and let me know how it was iv never been and i will miss it yet again :( i know most of you had a tiresome week to say the least so get some rest !! 
what is the difference between a papaya and a mars bar ...... about 500 calories ! lol 
posted some jokes for the weekend . enjoy !! 
good news odd news ... good news i survived my weekend trip to see some family and go to a wedding . odd news i gained like 15lbs in the last 6 months lol . i thought the scale was lying to me or i didnt read it right but it was true :( i now weigh 255lbs where the hell im i putting it lol 
has nothing to really say at the moment ..... 
Sunday .... now i have to do my homework for the week :( that should keep me occupied for a bit lol 
got halo reach last night !!!!! but had to go to school in the morning so i didnt finish yet :( 
hark !!!!!!!!!! who puts vocab on a math test !!!! and mokes it half ue grade for the test !!! 
busy busy night of typing ...... :/ 
come 1pm tomorrow im free for the weekend till Sunday night lol 
Sunday .... now its homework day . 
argh !!!! my first big test is tomorrow !! wish me luck 
hmm my weekend is starting to look pretty busy for once lol 
has anyone else read any of these parenting tips ? most are funny and some are disturbed . \ 
http://messedupparentingtips.wordpress.com/full-list-of-messed-up-parenting-tips/ 
tell u what ... if u watch too many chick flicks you might start to believe that falling in love only takes a weekend and it happens every weekend at that lol .... wait im not that slow am i ? 
please tell me someone else is also watching the new venture brothers season !!! 
i have only 3 regrets in life ... putting hair die in my hair when i was little and not knowing to wash it out :( , my lack of attendance at school ( maybe 2/4 years of high school was at shadle lol ) , and the most resent and saddening of them all ..... 
did anyone watch the new episode of lost tapes last night ? it was about zombies !!! 
is having having one of those night where you could have sworn there was something u needed to do but just couldn't figure out what it was ... 
\Time to stop being a wuss about it and do it ... damn the consequences !!!! \ " \ 
why did the papaya fall out of the swing ?.... because it had no arms or legs ! 
turns out im vary allergic to < PROPFIRST > hay ..... discovering that and being ill has really made the past few days memorable . 
is not feeling well at all today ... 
is now grudgingly going to start some homework earlier than expected ... i could take this as a kind of good thing i guess ... 
must stay awake !!!... must finish paper/summery ..... must .... stop procrastinating ...... maybe :) 
is feeling rather chipper this afternoon for no good reason :) 
it has been a good while since i have stayed up for more or less 48hrs ..... well more like 46 i did take that nap :) and i have to say i dont think i will be doing it again during the week :) any time soon 
is feeling his normal self at the moment ... lets see how long it lasts :) 
rain .... rain ... and more rain . it makes me want to go and do something . what is there to do when it is raining anyways ? 
How long would you survive a zombie apocalypse ? -- My Result : 1 Year . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/414905/referrals/status?aid=100000469309539 
dumdedumdedo ... 
was just approved for my < PROPMALE > for school !!! what should i do with it ? just let it sit there , have a Halloween party ? or have a really fun filled day with just a few good friends ? or i guess get a car for the winter like my mom wants me to ... lol 
i found that i have a a special ability to put myself in weird/awkward and or stupid predicaments when i think too much before i act ..... and i know 3 people who could probably think of a good example of this off the top of their heads . hmmm .... 
well im in a great mood !! it should last for a good while ! lol 
is ploting ..... 
is getting very sl ........... 
is sore , and kind of chipper ! funny thing about moving you never really know what u did to your hands until the day after ... :( 
well im out of ideas ( not that i tried to hard but still ) for the day . did my homework so not much else to do and a person i dont particularly like is coming to the house so anyone have any ideas ? 
is not in a good place at the moment ..... 
out of all the things that would merit a poor mood ( aside from one ) i will have put them all away by this afternoon :) ....... yay chipper me . 
has no real feeling either way about Halloween 
is scheming to plot something sinister ( o_0 ) .... or just something fun im undecided at the moment . 
cant seem to get any sleep for the last few days ... its starting to show lol 
got home . 6hr nap . watched predator . returning to nap . ( o_0 ) busy busy day indeedeedoo . 
after bout 15 hrs of sleep im feelin rather good this morning :) 
Halloween weekend !!! 
is off to to some dastardly deeds !!! ( what ever to all of you who think i cant be evil :P ) 
is reflecting on the last 9 months .... half of it was great !! 
strange day ... iv been a bit off today . not a bad off but just not my self . so much so that when i woke up today and looked in the mirror , ran my hand through my hair and decided to just go to school with out even doing my hair .... very odd day indeed 
hark !!!! 
hello ' friends ' :) 
Sunday ... hmmm what to do 
kind of tired but in a good mood ! aside from the two little papers what should i do today ? 
it was the last day of my second favorite class ... at least i get to sleep in on Tuesday and Thursday now :) 
not sure what is worse , being tired most of the time or being busy most of the time ... im leaning words tired at lest being busy was productive lol 
one of my sisters is not like the others .... one of my sisters is .... 
hmmm ... what to do today . work on some homework , or do something fun ... im leaning towards the fun idea :) 
Like\ 
my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I learned about you by \ 
looking at your wall 2 . The color you remind me of 3 . My first memory of\ 
you 4 . The animal you remind me of 5 . Ask something I've always \ 
wondered about you 6 . My favorite thing about you 7 . Give you a weird \ 
... nickname 8 . Challenge you to post this as your status . 
:( my snow went away .... and i was so looking forward to making some snowmen ! c'mon people who doesn't love the feel of walking in fresh snow , wearing warm clothing , and coco !!! my goodness it is almost coco season !!! only one down side tho ... driving on ice :( 
why is it almost everyone i know hates the snow ? aside from driving in it its great !! a guess ill have to take some of you out for a snow day some time ! 
well the school next door to mine just shutdown due to dangerous weather conditions , ice , and poor visibility ... not mine tho lol yay me ...... :/ 
and for once im happy someone almost crashed lol class is canceled and im already at school lol 
i think i might be trapped at home for the next few days :( ....... c'mon winter ... iv been a faithful advocate for you for years and this is how you treat me ... ( as my window slowly frosts over ) 
happy thanksgiving everyone !!! i hope everyone can enjoy the festivities with family and friend tomorrow . have fun remembering why it is families only get together on Holidays ;) 
ok ... a horrendous disaster happens and the world is in disarray . for the sake of argument lets say its the Zombie Apocalypse ! which five friends do you try to get together to survive ? i will already assume you already have what family members you wanted with you lol . 
day has started on the left foot ..... 
guess who has two thumbs , burned a fare amount of money , and has four new studded tires for winter ?.... bring it on winter !! 0_o 
curse you winter for making 8 at night feel like midnight !! not cool . on the plus side i was always a night person so i guess it works out nicely :) 
\ I have a plan ... it includes you . You____ will lead me to_____ where i will claim all that is mine !!!! \ " aside from my family if you name the quote you win a prize !!!! ( tay < PROPFEMALE > you may fill in the blanks if you wish lol ) " 
not sure how the simpsons me got on here but it works for now lol 
i guess i should start the rest of my day now that school is out for the day ... 
eel ... 
only a few more days until i am free for Christmas break !!!!!! huzzahs are in order for the occasion :) if i have your number be forewarned ... you may be getting some Christmas toons in any random messages i send :) 
looks like i have a week off until my finals !!!!!! huzzah ! 
yay new pic !!! guess who this is and you deserve a prize lol 
hmmm ..... 
PLEASE put this on your status if you or someone you know has been eaten by Dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by Dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the ... shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
what ever shale i do tomorrow ? im leanin twards somthing christmasy 
12 days to CHRISTMAS !!!! on the 12th day of x-mas my dear friends gave to me ? 
12 Drummers Drumming !!!!!! 
wish me luck on my math final this morning .... :( 
and 2 of 3 finals are over with ... one left tomorrow :( then im free !!!!! 
finals are over !!!!!!!!!!!! im free for the holidays !!!! yay me ! :) 
i have until monday to do my Christmas stuff :( after that i will be too occupied with my family fun ! my sister is coming home to visit and she gets here on tuesday !!!! 
\on the eighth day of christmas my dear friends gave to me Eight Maids A-milking \"" 
huzzah !! i passed my math lol 
on the sixth day of x-mas my dear friends gave to me ... \six geese A-laying\ " !!! " 
depending on how you look at it only 4 or 5 days left until christmas !!!!!!!!! 
as of yesterday the human race has 2 years to prepare for the end of the world as we know it lol . ironically i also found out i enjoy the song Life Is Beautiful by Sixx : A.M. yesterday 
oh my goodness !!!!!!!!! one day to christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!! 0_o let the xmas shopping begin lol 
IT IS CHRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
5hrs and 30 < PROPFEMALE > to christmas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) hope everyone is being festive !!! 
IT IS CHRISTMAS DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cookies , presents , food , < PROPFEMALE > , and best wishes !!!! 
the year is almost over !!!! just about a week left in the year ..... lets see , the first quarter of the year started bla as usual , i turned 21 ... that was uneventful lol , but then it started to really pickup . second quarter started awesome and was/is arguably one of the most amazing times in my life what with travel , family , friends ... other ;) 
christmas has come a bit late but was awesome !!! guess who in now a proud owner of a new shiny black 360 !!!!!!! :) 
despite my hatred of getting clothes for xmas i got quite a few new articles of clothing but this year i realized i havnt relieved any clithes for a few years lol so now i have some clothes that fit lol no more rotating the 5 shirts and 3 pants hahahahah 
Huzzah !!! snow !!! lol more coco time :) 
2010 is over !!! bring it on 2011 lets see what you can do !! o_0 
at long last i have put the problems of last year behind me or let them go :/ let the new years problems/worries come in full force iv made some room for ya lol iv had enough with last years < PROPFIRST > model he needed an update he spent far too long without maintenance he started to have glitches ... poor thing . so this year we have a different floor model he comes in green if you preorder only available as supply lasts 
well the new year has started off with a bang ... i just got into a car accident and im pretty sure my car is totaled my air bags even went off as my car was brushed aside ... 
i woke up today and i feel like i was hit by a car ... i guess the shock of the accident yesterday has worn off and my body has had time to feel like crap . the family says i should feel lucky i didnt get seriously injured considering the damage . as a side note : wrecked car smells awful !! 
aside from my ever present throbbing feeling in my head and my arm i seem to be doing just fine :) 4 days until school starts again ! the to look for a new car :( 
one adventure down on with the next !! tomorrow , spring semester starts ! then new car shopping ... 
back to school !!! 
back to school and its goin fine :/ 
tuesday ..... bla ! so far lol 
its not even the middle of the week and im tired of it already :( 
i finally got around to a friends recommendation and finished watching the anime fruits basket , and i must say i rather liked it aside from the main girls voice at times . the show was done well :) 
:p 
hmmmm .... something is a mis . not sure what at the moment , but im sure i will find out soon enough lol 
found out what was a mis lol wasn't that bad actually :) 
its late ( ish ) , im tired , cant sleep , indifferent , bored , happy , sleepy , comfy , but generally in a good mood . resulting in ... its going to be a good day !!! and start of the week . ;p 
another gloriously slow tuesday ... hay !!!!! 
long and uneventful day ... such is the curse of the start of the week :( 
the third best day of the month ... Archer Season 2 Premiere\ 
Thursday , January 27 , 2011 at 10:00 pm\ 
FX Networks if you haven't seen the show you need to hahahaha 
dum dudum dadelydo da de ..... at this rate it's goin to be a casual week lol 
well i decided to try and grow out my facial hair lol so far i think it looks kinda odd . i might as well see how it looks right ? :) 
car search is underway !! hopin to fine one by next weekend . wish me luck ! 
\potential\ " ..... i really dont like that word its like a verbal slap in the face . you might as well tell people \ " you could be so much better than u are right now\ " hmmm ... thnx i guess lol " 
ya ! monday mornning ..... who doesn't love waiting around in a library from 9:30 -1pm fun times :p 
i can think of at least 4 of you this is true for \We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once . \"" 
you steal my dreams , you hijacked my heart , you are always after me in one way or another , you aren't there when i need you yet we know where each other are more or less , you are on my mind even now , we used to be so close ; what then should i do ?....... you hate me dont you !?................ curse you electronics !! 
first math test of the semester tomorrow :( but at least iv got till 1 tomorrow yay ! 
everyone !!!! you have 24 hrs to watch archer season one , then you will be prepped and ready for the premier tomorrow at 10pm on fx !!!!!!! 
hello everyone !!!! :) how is everyone doing these days ? ( responding with \eh\ " does not count :p ) " 
just watched avatar the movie . i was really expecting an awful movie to tell you the truth . it actually wasn't that bad , granted they did omit a lot of the story but i think it wasn't bad . if your a fan of the cartoon well since you know the full story you may be a bit disappointed by it but it actually wasan alright movie i give it a 7.635 /10 so worth seeing lol 
two days !!!! well a day and a half really but still . guess what happens on the 30th !!!! that's right episode 20 of dbz abridged is online !!! thanks again < PROPFIRST > for this addiction every month lol 
hark !!! i need to find a new car ..... i should really get on that this weekend :( 
it's ........ IT'S A GUNDAM !!!! 
who wants to participate in a little challenge ? and yes there is an actual grand prize for the winner lol be for warned , it will have you finishing and guessing quotes , lyrics , scenes , and places !!! i need at least 3-4 of ya . ist no fun having one person play lol but any one can join in before im done i just need to know a few people are playing so i dont seem too crazy talking to myself on fcb ... again :) 
first challenge !!! fill in the blank to the lyrics and who/character that sang it #1 )song from a cartoon ( adult swim)\they take me with them ... _________\ " #2 ) tv series ( reference ) what are the two best known qualities of the Norwegian blue ( bird) ? #3 ) how many minutes are there in a year ? #4 ) There is only one word in the English language with three double letters in a row ? What is it ? " 
remember , anyone can join in my little competition if you so choose . just answer all the previous questions to get caught up :) 
remember if you would like to join in on my little game all you need to do is answer the previous questions till you get up to date but you only get one shat at the answers for joinin late , but once you are caught up you can get 2 shots 4 the right answer if you win at the end you could win something in the mail from me :p or even better stuff ( prize will cater to who ever wins ) so trust me you will like your prize ! 
challenge3 #1 )I roam the ocean at night , floating on it's tides . Though in the morning I disappear , no where to be seen . Can you tell me , what I am ? 2)how long can a chicken fly for ? 3 ) what animal has 4 noses ? 4)true or false , all mammals can jump . 5 ) who said \Arrows cost money . Use up the Irish \"" 
my computer seems to hate my schools web < PROPFEMALE > so i cant check on my English home work !!! 0_o not good ... 
i seem to have a strange rainbow mustache growing ... it has brown , black , red , white , blond , and a few gray strands in it ...... very strange . 
Superbowl this sunday Sunday SUNDAY !!!! who will win ?... will there be good commercials ? tune in to find out !!! im hoppin for some good commertials the last few superbowls have been better games than commercials breaks .... sad lol 
no challenge today :( but tomorrow we shall have a myriad of challenges because we shall name the winner of the game on Monday !!! everyone , you have this weekend join in and to catch up , and maybe win the prize :p 
here we go ! challenge questions !! 1)what golf course will actually pay you $1 million for a hole in one on their 19th hole ? 2 ) what made the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the allies in ww2 so different than any other bombing ? 3 ) what was the original name for a butterfly ? 4)how many degrees would a bat have to turn to go right when exiting a cave ? 5 ) what \jumps over the lazy dog \"?" 
guess who is buying a car tomorrow afternoon !!!! 
so far the top 3 scores for the challenge are andrew- 17.9 , cada- 19.2 , and chantay- 22.3 . but there are a few outstanding questions to be answered by a few of you , and tomorrow will be the last day to answer before i tally up a winner !!! 
ok ... all of the final challenge questions will be posted today !!! and the winner will be announced this evening !! 
final set ! 1 ) what is the most dangerous animal in Africa ? 2 ) Each < PROPMALE > in a deck of playing cards represents a great < PROPMALE > from history . who are they ? 3 ) how long can a Squirrel live for ? 4 ) < PROPFEMALE > from beauty and the beast makes a cameo in what other Disney feature ? 5 ) where can the blind see and the lame can walk ? ( answer is in a song ) 6 ) what is Arachibutyrophobia ? 
just drove my new car home !!!!! il have to get a pic up here < PROPFEMALE > . its nothing special but yay a have a car again !! 
i have great and terrible news .... we have a winner and it was dam close . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > tied for firs place with 32.2 and 32.2 so i had to do the math again and then went back through and scored the points again and the final total is 32.2 vs 32.3 ...... and the winner is ...... 
getting the car licensed today !!! 
hmmmm ...... not good .... not unexpected but still not good . 
car .... carrrrrrrrrr ... ca ca carrrrrrr ... car car car ...... car !!! its just a day or so away from being able to drive with out a < PROPMALE > of complications lol 
it doesn't feel like the week end does it .... 
tomorrow is valentines day .. yuck ! it is an ugly day with that nasty pink , white and light red color every where ! if it were just red and white i might like it more , but uh ! with that pink in there i dont think ill ever like looking around on valentines day . lol dont get me wrong , i love chocolate , and i do enjoy the smell of flowers everywhere you go lol but i really dont like the three colors together . 
happy valentines day everyone ! enjoy what you can and have some chocolate !! 
what day is to day !!!! 
well thanks everyone lol it was a good day yesterday ! :) 
o homework why do i never want to hangout with you .....? 
moving moving moving ....... its not until you are moving that you realize how much stuff you have in your home lol 
i was so close to not getting my traditional moving scar this time lol my poor fight hand ... will you ever get a break when we move ? :( 
whats up everyone !!! how goes the world the last few days ? 
foooood !!! who wants to go eat a steak with me this week ? ( tay i already owe you one lol ) man a love a good steak !!! 
anyone know what [( x+43x^12)(y^3+13K )] divided by radical x^2+3y ....... the answer is a sad < PROPFIRST > :,( 
bla bla bla ..... dum Thursday ... 
tired and sore ..... what a great way to start a week :( 
tuesday .... why do you feel so far away from the weekend !!! :( and my spring break 
is it bad if the thing im most looking forward to during spring break is getting some rest ? lol 
whooo !! earth hour tonight at 8:30 !! one hour of darkness and candles ;) .... hmmmm .. lol 
spring break is over !!!! :( now to finish all my homework o_0 busy busy week ahead .... :( 
bla bla bla . im tired today :( ... nothing special just in a tired bum like mood :/ 
We all have at least 60 friends on facebook ; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee you , not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status . If you would be there for me , set this as your status & see how many of us are there for you !! 
road trip 11hrs and 48% complete !! :( 
i made it back from a wonderfully long trip in the back seat of my car lol what a great 10hr drive it was back and forth . now to finish some home work and get back to school tomorrow . ps . for the most part i have an awesome family and im happy we were all able to get together :) 
everyone has relativity new facebook pics ... i guess its time i update mine as well lol 
English class ...... why do you hate me so ? and english book , where did you run off and hide ! i need you !!!!!!!!!! :,( 
it's Monday !!!!!...... eh ... 
anyone else a bit skeptical about bin laden being killed ? i mean that's great and all , but really ... we trained him to be like a one man special forces unit so he could train others , he has 30 years of hardened fighting experience , has dodged all attempts to kill him in the past 3 decades , only to be brought down in a mansion out side of a city we never claimed to be occupying with troops ? 
i hate when you have plans and a few things you wanted to do and then two days latter you realize you didn't do any of them !!! lol . oh Mondays ..... you can be so cruel . 
what a nice tuesady ... not too much going on , nice weather ..... now to spend the next few days not studying for my finals next week lol ;) 
iv been spammed !! thats what i get for reading a message from < PROPFEMALE > ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > lol 
my phone has finally fallen apart ... :( it broke in half last night so im phoneless for the next few days ... 
whoo !! only 3 school days left !!! down side there finals lol o well , its summer !!!! 
curse you finals !!! i dont want to spend my weekend studying and writing !!!! 
so many things to do this summer , and yet not one of my plans has involved a single one of my friends lol i should really work on that :) any ideas friends ? 
