is sooooo ready to go home !!!! 

shouldn't be on the computer right now . HA ! 
just found out her landlord won the amazing race .... wtf 
is going to rename her dog \Jenny from the Block \"" 
\The only way to comprehend what mathematicians mean by Infinity is to contemplate the extent of human stupidity . \ " - Voltaire " 
yes ! hurricane season is finally here ! I can't wait to stay in from work and have a hurricane party ... It kiiiinda sucks living so close to the water , but what the hell , I'm on the second floor .... 
The dinosaurs deserved it . 
I'm not sure why , but when people misspell words , like SUPER simple words , it drives me crazy ! For example : definatley , fallow , tamarrow , CERTIFECTES ?! And then when you tell them how to spell it right , they get all mad and stuff .... what gives ?! 
Anybody else wanna go on a road trip to CO Oct 8-14 ? 
man , I think I'm OVER Facebook . 
just got a BADASS walking staff . 
like clockwork 
F this . 
Note to self : Don't scratch your butt after handling jalapenos . yowza ! 
I want to disappear 
almost got beat up by a black-supremacist white guy ... who tried to rape me and my sister .... luckily we were faster ..... 
What the f *** happened to summer ? :/ It's like 50 degrees outside ... 
If one more person tells me to \be safe\ " I will throw myself off a < PROPMALE >." 
Great yoga sesh , BEAUTIFUL post-rain morning , perfect for a nice hike in Dutton Island . 
2 new poles and a $100 gift card to bass pro shop ... How could this day get better ? Oh yeah , my cat , < PROPMALE > has just reappeared after beig missing for a week !!! Go < PROPMALE > Bombay !!!! 
It's official . 2 weeks notice is in . :) 
rah rah rah ah ah < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > gaga oooh la la ?? 
Old friends are awesome ! Like ' old ' as in knowing each other for a long time , not like retired , ' social security benefits ' friends . 
Evening longboard ride .... :) 
To everyone trying to instant message me : I spilt water on my keyboard - certain keys don't work . I have to literally copy and paste certain letters . It's a < PROPMALE > PITA . It's nothing personal that I won't respond , so please don't get butt-hurt , or do - whatever ! 
Well , I can officially say that I have given a cat the heimlich maneuver . 
4 mile skate for < PROPFEMALE>'s mango Gelati topped with frozen custard ..... soooo worth it ! :) 
rock on blackhawks ! Heeeeck yes 
The girl with kaleidoscope eyes 
Adventure time ! :-) 
disc golf then catch up on some woooork . But GOOD work . :) 
disc golf , check ! Blackhawks game tonight , check check ! Camping tomorrow at Suwannee complete WITH festival and another disc golf course , check check check check CHECKKKK !!! 
idiocracy has got to be the funniest movie ever lol 
camping in the south on memorial day weekend ... Never seen so many dumb sh*ts in my life ! 
Soooo anyone notice all the dead crabs washing up lately ? yep . From the oil leakage . :( 
Livin outside on the weekends . 
fuggin wooork ... 
Shuuuut the FRONT door ! 
< PROPFIRST > Smith- i larvae you ! 
blackhawks- i had your faith ! 
white russians are fuggin ' delicious ! 
Just about to buy some Screeching Weasel tickets , but it sold out 23 minutes ago ! Arrgghh !!! 
swimsuit time ! 
i love my family and friends ! 
Whiskey is not meant for me .... hopefully a little mother ocean will help me out . 
> Insert vague facebook status here < \ 
VV Insert desperately sought-after re-assuring comments here VV 
couldn't be happier ... 
RIP yusuf ! you were the best leopard gecko I ever had ! :( 
It's got ELECTROLYTES !!!! 
Somebody bring me a pizza . Please . 
I am totally getting a Tokay Gecko ! 
I think I drained the entire beaches alcohol supply last night . 
Unable to move ! 
I never thought of running . My feet just led the way . 
headin ' out for my daily adventure ! 
Sake it to me ! 
likes this . 
Stupid car ! Stupid battery ! Stupid everything ! 
Dear Sun : you better be shining this afternoon ! Or else ! 
is about to nip it in the bud . \ 
... or however that saying goes . 
goin ' beachin . 
I wondered why my house was shaking , and upon further investigation , I found my downstairs neighbor's cat ramming itself over and over into their sliding glass door . 
Too many things to ' like ' . What if I run out of things to like ? What would happen !?!? 
come on Friday 
<3 ' s < PROPFIRST > Smith 
The whole ' white shirt with jeans on the beach ' photo look is so cliche . Khaki's aren't any better either - I'm getting married in like a superman costume ... 
ATTN : RT buds ! Where did you get your CE credits , how much did it cost , and how long did it take you to finish ? I'm slacking ... haha 
screw you bills ! you pieces of sh*t ! 
likes the tropical depression . <3 
50/50 pistachio ice cream and blueberry ice cream mixed with marshmallows = WIN . 
so excited for the FULL WEEK of rain coming up !!! 
disc golf in silver springs - woot woot 
Bears in FL DO EXIST !!!!!!! 
Colorado this weekend !!!!! 
WOOOOOOO !!!!!!! 
shooting bully cats with slingshots is fun 
oh mygod i love everything right now . not joking either . 
My other car is a vulva . 
If anybody is bored , come up to < PROPFEMALE>'s in atlantic beach- < PROPFIRST>'s bartending here now ! 
Midnite skate anyone ? 
Laundromat , pad thai , and wine ! So classy ! 
Just caught a < PROPFEMALE > gecko in my bathroom ! Woo hoo !! His name is < PROPMALE > ! 
Watchin the < PROPMALE > zombie halloween flick , i'm scared ! 
I am thankful for being so immature . 
Sure Happy It's Thursday 
Anybody wanna go to the springs this weekend ? I have a GIANT innertube ! 
Goin ' shrimpin . 
Planting grapes , passion flowers , strawberries , raspberries , and peppers . :) 
I love lunchbreaks ! 
Kinda weird how you have to pay your cable < PROPMALE > before they turn it back on . 
Dragonfly swarm going on outside RIGHT NOW . 
Enter search term : radiologic technologist jobs in washington state 
People who work at hooters are officially lame . Get over yourself . You're ugly and boring . 
< PROPFIRST>'s giant subs ! 
Your earlobes line up with your nipples ! 
Is 3 inches of rain in 7 minutes a lot ? 
I feel like widespread panic has been playing on my back porch for three days . Ugh 
I wish all the dumb people would strengthen our < PROPFIRST > pool by removing themselves from it . 
I'm camping in my backyard tonight ! 
Sick of it all . I'm running away . 
I am the garden MASTER !! 
It's so nice out , just wanna leave work and lay on the beach ! 
I need to provide a little shade for a garden without having to buy a tree , any suggestions ? Beach umbrella ? 
Relaxing tonight , planning on a wild adventure tomorrow . 
Get to da choppa 
This must be Thursday . I never could get the < PROPFEMALE > of Thursdays 
Cracker barrel effing rules ! 
Crab cakes and eggs < PROPMALE > FTW !! <3 Ginnie Springs today ? 
I <3 my garden ! 
I just saw a water spout ! 
Busy weekend coming up . Wanted to go outta town , but i think i'll have more fun going to my nephew's first soccer game instead , along with 3 birthday parties on the beach . God , everybody's birthday is this month , people must have a lot of sex in december ! 
I <3 FL 
Monday funday . 
Aye yie yie ... 
Up and at ' em ... Friday is finally freaking here . I think i'm gonna hit a 2 miler run to get started . :) 
just catchin ' some End of Sumer Sun <3 \ 
. \ 
or clouds for that matter , since it's cloudy . Dangit . 
Doooesss anybody have any fishing equipment I can borrow for the day ? Possibly a cast-net with poles ? maybe a long bow perhaps for a nice little dinner tonight ? Just throwin ' it out there .... please . xoxoxo <3 I love you . 
Feels good to break things . 
<3 rain ..... sweepy time .... :) 
Quick round of disc golf at < PROPFEMALE > park .... <3 
Gander Mountain is giving away $250.00 gift cards to the first 1000 callers . I just got this info from a guy in the FL Game Commission . It's good all over . Give it a shot . Call 1-800-429-5483 . Good luck I got mine . Gonna use it for my new kayak ! 
Skate , beach , sun , drive , food , beer , \ 
/\ 
monosyllabic day . :) 
Widespread Panic . Now . 
legs sore , feet bleeding - from skating 5 < PROPMALE > , dancing for 5 hours , or the 2 mile walk barefoot with somebody on my shoulders - I dunno . :/ 
is not watching football . 
outside !!! 
Wow . The jaguars aren't sucking today , weird . 
broken phone ... again . Please text me with your number ! 904.540.5466 
Dear harassing < PROPMALE > collectors : if your job didn't exist , then your company's services would be cheaper and therefore more affordable and I wouldn't have any issues with being late on payments . So think about that before you start being an asshole . 
I am very thankful for the roof over my head , the food in my belly , and my good health . Because there is 7 million americans out there who are unable to say the same ... 
I guess I can pick some mint from the garden and make some mojitos or something . Kinda bored . Where did this pre-made mix come from anyway ? I just found it in my fridge , wtf ? 
Swamp hike today ! you gotta enjoy the little things , because big things don't come around too often . :) 
When one neighbor starts shooting fireworks , many will follow . 
... umm does anybody know how to get the pink out of clothes if you wash them with something red ? :/ 
Mango marinated grilled Mahi sandwich .. I'm drooling ... 
I have no idea what I'm doing , but nobody else knows this - shhh !!! 
Anybody goin ' to see the Flaming Lips tomorrow ? 
About to call in a bomb threat to work so I can get outta here !!! 
... looks like it's that time of ear for growing gourmet mushrooms - if anybody has any access to sawdust and/or wood chips ( preferably hardwood ) , it would be much appreciated !!! 
I thought I told Goldschlager to stay out of my life . :/ 
I hate doing things that I don't wanna do . :( 
a kangaroo has 3 vaginas . 
Ok , so if you ever need someone to take a picture of you and one of the rarest insects in the world within a matter of 5 minutes .... don't ask < PROPFIRST > Smith . 
HEY EVERYONE ...... \INTERNATIONAL CAPSLOCK DAY\ " IS TODAY ... OCT 22 .... GOOGLE IT !! " 
I better have so much f*cking fun this weekend !!!!!!!! 
Nothin ' like an episode of Hoarders for some pre-cleaning inspiration . 
RT Buds ! : I am on the lookout for CEU credits , again . Any recommendations , please give . <3 you all !!!! 
Very cold right now . Very cold . 
Confusion ! 
Antarctica- where it is dark 24/7 in the winter , celebrates daylight savings time . Trains aren't allowed to arrive at the stations ahead of schedule , literally stop wherever they are and wait an hour before resuming . AND twins born around the switch ( say 1:55 am and ( 2:06 am ) will have reversed order of birth . Because of the switch- the second twin will have a recorded birth time of 1:06 am . HA !! 
Happy Radiologic Technologist week ! 
Planting some pretty awesome veggies ! 
Beeyah 
I've already stepped in dog crap TWICE today ! 
A one-legged , 7 foot tall guy just fainted and fell on top of me ! Gross !!!! 
Watching Twilight movies ... Ahahhhahahaha I'm SO f*cking lame !!!!! 
Wondering why AT&T uverse has a telephone number for closed captioning support ? 
Yard sale tomorrow- Atlantic beach !! Come one , come all !! Appliances , aquariums , beach cruisers , furniture , and more !! 
Yard sale today ! Stop on by ! Bring stuff ! Bring beer ! Woo !! 
Damn drunk hippies comin over to play my djembe , breakin ' anything that gets in their way - argh ! 
Miserable people sure are funny . So desperate , haha !! 
Goin to test out the new boomerangs ! :) 
Stay away from me , Monday !!!!!! 
I think one of my heroes has got to be that guy with the black SUV fishing at the bottom of the Vilano bridge every night . Oh , and those fat ladies who got caught stealing from TJ Maxx by hiding clothes in their fat rolls ! 
WTF why is it so COLD ?!? 
Hi , I'm a boy and I'm f*cking stupid ! 
Next weekend : Disney World , Birthday , CHICAGO ?! 
How are the cartoon avatars fighting child abuse ? Just curious . 
The pineapple plants won't survive the weather !!!! 
I'll play the number game- message me a number between 1-1000 and I'll tell you what I think about you . 
I like living in Florida and complaining about the cold weather . 
attempting to learn the bass guitar ... 
Disney World or bust ! 78 degrees and rainy ! 
Universal all over again today . Lovin my annual pass , thanks Dad ! 
Freezing here in Florida , can't wait to hit the road for Chicago- where it's always < PROPFEMALE > and warm . :) 
13 degrees and beautiful here in Chicago ! On the way here I have seen 7 meteorites and 2 flaming semi trucks -it's like the apocalypse . Awesome !!!! 
Some good food here in Chi-Town ! 
Ya know what really grinds my gears ? People who think , act , and speak like they are way more intelligent than everybody else , but have absolutely no ambition to better themselves ... 
Last night in chicago , sooo ready to feel the warm florida sunshine on my back again !!!! 
I had a BLAST up north , thank you everybody !! But I am verrrry relieved to be done with that 17 hour car ride !!! Hello , Florida- you don't seem as cold as before ... 
RT BUDS : I need advice on CE credits !!!! Do technical credits work for both state and national level ? I found a workbook worth 46 Florida technical credits but I am unsure if that is enough ? How many credits do we need ? 24 ? I know it's last minute but I am a huge procrastinator and will someday learn to quit putting things off .... I'll work on that later . Thank you !!!!!! 
To an astronaut standing on the < PROPFEMALE > during the total eclipse , the sun would be hidden behind a dark Earth outlined by a brilliant red ring consisting of all the world's sunrises and sunsets 
http://www.mailorderhusbands.net/order/ 
Me and @ < PROPFIRST > smith .... We're somethin ' else , I tell you . Love you < PROPFIRST > !! 
bootleg movies rule . 
Out of work at 1pm .... Disc golf ? Boomerang practice ? Bass practice ? Video games ? BEER ?!? 
my cat < PROPMALE > came home after being missing for a week lookin ' like a ZOMBIE !! One dragging leg , scabs all over , squinty eye !! I wonder WTF happened to him !! :-( ( he'll be ok , though ) 
Dang man I just got locked inside of Dutton Island Preserve !! I had to call from an emergency phone for help ! WTF ? 
New bearings on my board , and fresh oil in my car ... dang I'm all lubed up and ready to roll !!! 
Dear Summer : please come back !!! I am SO SORRY for ever wishing Winter would come !!! I'm freezing here ! My heater is set at 85 !! PLEASE !!!! 
So I have decided to take some grappling classes as well as survival\ 
courses . If anybody is interested in being a kick ass partner , let me know . 
Does anybody wanna go fishing ? 
Sand in my bed !!!! Arrggghh - worst thing EVER !!! 
I find it kind of ironic that out of the 730+ cities that have streets named after MLK , you can buy drugs and prostitutes on nearly all of them . 
Off work early for a little disc golf :) woot !! 
Full < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! ARR-WOOOO !!! 
Dang man , everybody and THEIR MOM is going to see Galactic at Freebird tonight and I can't go !! Noooooooo !!!!!! :(((((( 
Does anybody have an extra ATT phone ? 
1 . Go to Google Maps and click on \Get Directions . \ " \ 
looking to buy a used macbook ... 
broken phone . my home # is 904.372.7497 \ 
\ 
yes I have a house phone . \ 
It was free with the cable bundle ... 
burning calories like a fat kid on fire 
brewing some reishi tea then headin off for a nice hike around little talbot island . . 
february 1st ? time to start my summer veggie seeds ! what shall i grow ? 
i have an armadillo that tears up my yard every night , does anybody have any suggestions for an armadillo trap ? 
dude . wtf is up with the black eyed peas performance ? it's like a cross between the 2008 < PROPFEMALE > Olympics and < PROPFIRST > Tucker's character in The 5th Element ... 
it's kinda hard to take someone seriously when they have a constant wedgie 
med rep brought us lunch : chicken nuggets and snickers !!!! haha how appropriate ... 
... at Crazy Fish bar on Beach/ICW . they have ' kayak parking'!! 
love isn't about finding the perfect person , but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly . 
the sun is shiiiinnning - i'm a rainbow too 
sooo happy my boyfran is home !!! let's get it on !!! :) 
GETTIN ' DURTAY with gardening 
i just saw some lady walking a horse down my street ... kinda weird . 
It's like everything outside just WOKE UP . 
At home ... siiick :( 
sooo is there 2 shuttle launches tomorrow ? 5:09 am and 4:50 pm ? 
ewww i just got somebody else's blood all over me .... gross . 
my cat has a fight club 
when your tv is broken , you find a lot of time to do other things ... 
i've been on a rearranging-my-house binge this whole week 
mattress shopping . and yes , it is a big deal . 
having a bottle opener on your keychain is pretty convenient , but it's a lot more difficult to open your beer with the keys in the ignition 
at pleasure island in disney with < PROPFIRST > smith and < PROPFIRST > smith clarich 
so sleepy ! we didn't get back from < PROPMALE > until like 1:30 last night ! and ALL i can think about is my giant new comfy bed i got this weekend ! and i know < PROPFIRST > is STILL sleeping in it ! ... jealous ! X0 
just think , everytime you cross the street , people in their cars are guessing how many points they would get for hitting you ... 
those old ladies at the grocery store who hand out free samples of pizza rolls are probably wiping their asses with those things before they hand them out 
i don't understand these Ponte Vedra people ... :/ 
That's what Japan gets for killing all those whales . 
yaay i have a cleany weeny housie wousie 
Happy Pi day everybody ! 
of all things to sit on ... RED taco sauce ?!?! and i'm wearing lime green scrubs !! X0 
i like how the parking lot for the Legion in Jax Beach becomes so crowded , that people start parking at the AA halfway house next door 
who do you think would win in an election : < PROPFEMALE > Palin or < PROPFIRST > Sheen ? 
news flash : the < PROPFEMALE > is effing huge right now . 
down at the beach tryin to shoot the < PROPFEMALE > 
what do you do when you own 398723 pillows ? 
I'm capturing the armadillo . Tonight . 
goin ' to Guana 
