is looking ouside at the snow .... and realizing that she is getting married this year !! 

in not looking forward to a five hour drive tomorrow .... 
finally back home in ohio and with my baby .... and work again tomorrow .... is it bad that i need a vacation after my vacation ? 
< PROPFEMALE > es . < PROPFEMALE > mujer especial . Como caida de otro planeta . < PROPFEMALE > es . < PROPFEMALE > laberinto carnal . 
RMA 4/18/1918-8/22-2009 Rest in Peace 
RMA 4/18/1918-8/22/2009 Rest in Peace 
not sure how to feel ..... 
Remember our fallen heros RIP < PROPFIRST > 9/7/86-9/7/07 
thinks thats sometimes things can get way to messy then i have time for ..... 
just wants to get tomorrows test over with .... then KSU Halloween !!! 
thinks that finals will be the death of her ..... one paper and one more final .... and to top it all off , I'm out of Peanut butter :( 
done .... finally done . 
thinks that christmas wrpping can be very exausting 
is watching TLC .... 
Happy New Year !!! 
is thinking that 12 boys all under the age of eleven who have been given extensive amounts of sugar can be a bit much to deal with ...... and Cali makes me sneeze . Coming home on Tuesday ! 
So Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > says 6 more weeks of winter . Buckey < PROPMALE > ( Ohio's version ) said spring is on its way . My question is , what is wrong with < PROPMALE > and does he know what it means to live in Ohio ? 
found a new example of the word ironic : this year I got the scary pig flu vaccine , and don’t get the regular flu one . And now , what do I have ? The normal flu . 
I'm thinking it might actually be possible for a head to explode with to much information being cramed into it . 
So I'm hoping that once this test of primates is done , I will once again have normal use of my brain , right now its pudding . Will it solidify again ? I hope so . 
Test done . Thank god for Rays Night tomorrow .... 
I saw this weird light coming from outside today and it wasn't the < PROPFEMALE > . I think someone called it a sun . I don't remember what that word means 
Almost the weekend ... 
Dear KSU , It is a nice day out today . Becasue you had to stay open when there was to much snow on the ground , couldn't you please just this once close so I can go play ? Thanks 
So I want to know what suggestions people have about improving an immune system . 
Its a good thing I'm not a gungan . I would have been banished long ago for clumsiness 
Póg Mo Thóin .......... yes < PROPFEMALE > , I stole this from your shirt 
So I'm looking at the census trying to figure out which box to check for race ..... no idea 
Had an amazing day at the zoo today . Thanks baby ! 
Why does life require so much money ? 
Dear Ohio , was it really necessary for you to cover my car in snow and ice this morning ? You have such a sick and twisted sense of humor . 
I'm so excited for chocolate < PROPFEMALE > day tomorrow ! 
Happy chocolate < PROPFEMALE > day !!!!!!! 
Just keep swimming , just keep swimming , just keep swimming , swimming , swimming . 
Kava party tonight ... I hope it doesn't taste like sawdust 
Kava is not all its cracked up to be 
Trying to get used to the new phone . Nice though 
ahh malfunction 
Hooray for wardrobe malfunctions 
Happy Birthday . You would have been 97 today . 
waiting to hear < PROPFEMALE > Goodall !!!!! 
so glad its the weekend . I really need it 
Dear paper , can't you please do yourself ? Just this once . I really do not want to do you at all . Thanks 
I'm worried about my poor baby < PROPFEMALE > . he doesn't feel good . 
After work today , seriously reconsidering the whole having kids idea . 
Just looked at schedule for finals . FML 
Dear DVR , why do you tempt me so ? Why must you tell me there are shows that I like ? Because of you I sit watching Criminal Minds instead of working on my papers . Its a good thing I love you so much . 
Where have all the cowboys gone ? 
So I'm thinking using a sharpie to number 500+ raffle tickets today at work probably wasn’t the smartest thing I did today 
Why can sleep be such a hard thing to accomplish ? 
Motivation gone . Running on ..... yeah no , not even enough energy to be sarcastic and witty 
So frustrated right now . 
Ahhhh how the hell did I do this ? 
Take my love , take my land . take me where I cannot stand . I don't care , I'm still free . You can't take the sky from me . Take me out to the black . Tell ' em I aint comin ' back . Burn the land and boil the sea , you can't take the sky from me . There's no place I can be since I found serenity . But you can't take the sky from me . 
Its funny how an hour and a half without power around finals week can put me close to a freak out moment 
Does insomnia have a purpose ? 
I wonder if I just left now and kept on driving , how long it would take me to get to Flordia ? 
Primates today , Natural Selection and Pacific Islands tomorrow , and paper and individual .... < PROPFEMALE > , can I have another flask of < PROPFEMALE > please ? 
1 down , the rest of the week left .... is it summer yet ? 
\Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls ; the most massive characters are seared with scars . ” Kahlil Gibran " 
Natural Selection exam done .... Natural Selection paper almost done .... Finising Pacific Islands .... Ready for a nap 
DONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why does it feel like every time I get in my car I'm forced to take a detour ? 
Can we just start the day over please ? 
I think its official , I am a tree-hugging hippy at heart . 
Hart Hanson , how could you do this to me ? How ?!?!?!? 
Starting to wonder what the future holds and if its the one I want 
If I could walk with the animals , talk with the animals , grunt and squeak and squak with the animals . And they could squeak and squak and speak and talk with me . 
Damn you stupid lab people . how long does this take ? 
oh sun , glorious sun . How I love thee . Let me count the ways 
I love turning mocha but I hate tan lines :-) 
Today .... is for all those who have served and are serving .... for all thoses who came home , one way or another and those still gone .... and for all those still with us and those we will never forget . Thank you . 
This is getting ridiculous . How can they mess it up that bad 
This is such bullshit 
Its funny how one little bottle of cough syrup can almost ruin everything 
Its funny how right a little CG blue fish can be 
Yay for boring training videos !! 
Working till 5 . Missing the World Cup . 2 days off starting tomorrow . thank god 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > .... I'm gonna miss you and all your kisses . At least now all the pain is gone . 
Its funny how watching drunk white people dance to disco music can scare a < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Some days just require you to kick back a few 
So I'm starting to see that it sucks that my weekend is in the middle of the week 
RIP APEX . You were a good friend 
Just saw Toy Story 3 . AMAZING !!!!! 
The alarm keeps going off . Its like its trying to tell me something . I wish I spoke alarm 
Go BRASIL !!! 
They lost . :-( 
Still have 3 left 
Skunks can be very scary 
Almost to hot to function 
I'm tropical . I'm made for this heat . Then why am I wishing for . AC ? 
Having a bit of a dilemma . Don't like Spain at all , but don't want Germany to win . Not sure who I want to see in the Finals 
Getting so sick of the word \LaBron \"" 
Not sure what to do with myself not that the World cup is over 
I'll be your teacher , I'll show you the ropes . 
HELP !!!! For anyone who fishes , where near < PROPMALE > can you fish ?? 
867-5309 
Wanting to go back to dreaming of the inside of my eye lids . 
Cup Cake time !!!! 
Interesting night . Now to dream about clown fish , sharks , turtles , and scary little girls 
Sometimes I wish I could get out of my head 
Facebook is such a fun alternative to reality 
Not sure what to do any more . Where's a yellow brick road when you need it ? 
I'm starting to know what a Stretch Armstrong feels like 
Not feeling like closing tonight . Hopefully its not to crazy 
40 more minutes 
I need 2 movies to complete my Pixar collection . I'm such a little kid sometimes 
High ho , high ho , its off to work I go 
Fun night complete with the Russian Mafia and crazy dumpster ladies . Gotta love closing 
Oh Dear God , why the HELL am I awake ? 
Not wanting to take this test . not to mention 2 new war wounds from work 
Stupid skunks outside the window 
Time to make dinner 
Enjoying one of my guilty pleasures 
Why is it I all ways end up being the mom and having to deal with everyone else's shit 
Not feeling good . Stupid chicken 
LIFE ISN'T ABOUT WAITING FOR THE STORM TO PASS ... \ 
IT'S LEARNING HOW TO DANCE IN THE RAIN 
A squirrel walks up to a tree and says \I forgot to store acorns for winter and now I am dead\ " Ha ! it is funny because the squirrel gets dead . " 
Starting to run on empty 
Kristens almost here !!! 
So are < PROPFEMALE > and I the only ones out in < PROPMALE > tonight ? 
Just remembering that I have to at work early 
Wedding fb before bed 
Getting hit with the door at work is not a good idea 
So this whole insomnia thing , really starting to get old 
Sometimes its a Classic Rock kind of day 
Longest drive home from work ever . usually takes 20 minuets . today was 47 . screw construction . 
I think its a good day to read at the park 
I love the creator of bug spray . 
Too early 
So I'm starting to wonder if I'm the only one graduating who's NOT walking 
So does anyone know how to change the school year to say alum ? 
Gonna be a long week , where would I be without Cafe ' 
Had a great time last night . Soooo tired this morning . thank god for espresso 
2 more hours . 
Hooray for eye injuries at work . To bad I don't get to be a pirate 
I think I just want the week to be over . Already at my limit 
Hopefully today will be a better day at work 
Wow , such an interesting day at work . could have been SO much worse . 
Running around all day 
Thanks to the guy at the McDonalds drive through . you totally just made my day 
Long day . Just excited I get to be back in my own bed tonight , I miss my babies 
Not really sure how I feel about today 
So tired of peoples shit . 
Just keep swimming ..... 
There are very few things I'm willing to run around this much for 
Longest day at work ever .... now time to eat 
Off till Wednesday . time to swim 
Yay , the heaters back on 
When I grow up , I want to be a Jedi 
I wish the sun would come out . That would be nice 
So now what to do 
I can't believe so much time has gone by . I wish you could be here to see the impact your life has had on so many people . Be at peace and happy birthday . We miss you < PROPFIRST > 
Ten .... 
Nueve 
Thursday September 23 , New season of BONES starts !!!!! 
Ocho 
I don't have time for this 
So I'm wondering what the point is of having construction equipment outside my apartment at 7 something in the morning 
My head is fuzzy . Kinda like I've had a few to many 
I'm so confused right now , I don't even know what 2 + blue is 
I love finding new ways to injure myself at work 
I think I need more time in the day 
TOMORROW !!!!!! 
Today's the day , the sun is shining , the tank is clean ! 
Here we go 
Thanks so much to everyone who was there to celebrate with us yesterday . It means so much to both of us . 
Had a great time at the safari park . Definitely feel better after a shower 
Burn the land and boil the sea , You can't take the sky from me 
Oh < PROPMALE > Reynolds , how I wish you were in my life more . Our time together has been much to short 
Okay , so as pretty as it sounds , loud classical coming through the walls is starting to be a bit much 
I think he's starting to rub off on me . stuff to do yet all I want to do is play a video game ..... 
Criminal Minds tonight !!!! Bones Tomorrow !!!!!!!!! 
Mi suegra < PROPFEMALE > borracha . 
Added another show to the DVR recording list ... 
So far actually liking Reach ..... 
Time to sleep . Closed tonight . Opening tomorrow . What a captivating evening . 
Ready to stare at the inside of my eyelids all night 
I need to find new outlets for my insomnia 
In the middle of September , we still play out in the rain 
Still awake ....... again 
Thanks to all my amazing friends for the birthday wishes . You guys really made my day . And thanks to KSU for the great birthday present . I got my diploma today !!!!!!!!! 
Time to see how long it takes to fall asleep tonight . I'm betting on at least another hour 
I thin hoodies are one of the best inventions ever 
Less then two more hours 
Trying to teach the boys how to play fetch . For some reason , its not working out 
fml ..... 
Dear annoying cough , please go away . I really want nothing to do with you and cough syrup doesn't taste very good . Thanks 
Going downhill fast 
SERIOUS HELP !!!! What's a good way to boost my immune system without drinking a carton of oj a day ? 
Blah ..... this is gonna be a long day 
I wonder what its like to have a normal immune system , you know one that actually works 
Got the pictures , really like them . Going through the cd with all 800+ of them , I pormise they will be up soon 
So apparently I have to chose : sickness or insomnia 
Work meeting , then home to relax . Almost there 
The babies are funny when they're high 
is a straight ally and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=119452&rsource=stream . 
is a straight ally and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=119452&rsource=stream . 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=119452&rsource=stream . 
Dinner with the husband on a lovely fall evening 
Trying to sleep 
I will never be a cultural anthropologist . 
I have some of the best friends ever . I love < PROPFEMALE > Suddath , < PROPFIRST > Vaught and < PROPFEMALE > Zarachowicz !!!!! 
Something is not sitting right 
Congrats to < PROPMALE > Dessoffy and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
Got some of the wedding pictures uploaded , but still more to come . For some reason FB isn't happy about me uploading a bunch of pics at one time . 
CNN is great !!!! I love them bashing stupid politicians for the dumb horrible things they say !! 
Wedding Pictures are up . I'm tired of tagging people . You guys can finish 
Day off , lots to do 
I can't stand the new circle off of Howe 
I have some really weird dreams ..... 
Time for bed . Cedar Point tomorrow with the husband . Hopefully no super scary things .... maybe I should have the EMT's on speed dial just in case 
Cedar Point was amazing !!!! Sooooo tired . Time for some advil and sleep . Work in the am 
Gonna be the longest day ever ..... 
My appartment smells amazing right now !!! 
Why does sleep seem to be such a hard concept for my body to grasp ? 
Good job Cavs ! 
Wondering where this road is going to lead me to 
Earth is the insane asylum for the universe 
Nervous ..... 
I LOVE halloween !!!! 
Down town !!! 
And now the fun begins 
Powers Back 
Trying to sleep .... round 1 
I want Wall-E to be my friend 
Work till close ... 
Not ready for the cold . Can it be summer again please ? 
I'm dreaming of a warm Christmas , just like the ones we want to know . Where the palm trees glisten and children listen to hear , sleigh bells in the sand 
There is snow on the ground ..... I'm not okay with that 
Falling asleep to colorful balloons and Paradise Falls 
Just heard a Christmas song on the radio . Way to early for that 
Day off ..... what to do with the day 
\ I went out to conquer the world but I got distracted by something shiny \"" 
No water in the apt ..... gonna be a great morning 
It should not be 78 degrees in my apt at 6:00 am 
I'm thinking sloppy joes for dinner .... 
I feel the need for an adventure . Any ideas ? 
My body's punishment to me for buffalo chicken dip is heartburn . It was worth it 
Icky outside . What better way to spend the day then by some video games ! 
Not in the best mood ..... ready to go to sleep and end the day 
Why is it always when I need to get up early , I have the hardest time sleeping 
I'm so glad I work at a place where we get along and can be the best of friends :) 
Fiesta Forever 
Can't feel my fingers .... 
Long day , very ready for sleep , Turkey tomorrow with family . I can't wait to eat to much and enjoy a turkey coma 
The sun is so deceiving . It didn't look like it was 28 degrees out 
The weather channel makes me want to cry 
I think I need to redevelop my social life lol 
This is just getting sad lol 
Why is sleep at anything that resembles a normal time something my body can't understand ? 
Cleaning and relaxing before work 
Standing in line at Wendys . And I thought it would be faster to go inside . ha 
There is this white stuff on the ground . Someone make it go away please 
The only plus to all this snow is the gallons of hot chocolate I'm gonna drink this winter 
Headache . Shower . Bed . 
How many of you think it would be fun to run around on a field in 110 degree weather ? Yeah , my thoughts exactly . Way to go FIFA . 2022 is gonna be great . 
Wishing I could be able to watch the game . 
Come on boys , let's do this ! 
...... 
Decorating !!! 
I love the sound of tires spinning in the snow 
Would someone please explain this < PROPFIRST > thing to me , I'm so confused 
Now that it has been explained to me , gonna try this number thing . Bring it 
1906 .... some interesting history , but your a cool person and we should talk more 
654 .... wow , its been a while . and totally random when I was helping my mom move stuff for christmas decorations I saw a photo of us from elementary school lol we should get together some time and catch up . btw your daughter is adorable 
515 ..... hey papi , yourve been a good mentor and i appriciate all the advice youve given over the years 
420 ...... i miss you , its been sooooo long , hope things are going well , we seriously need to catch up soon . i have a lot of good memories and i love that i could tell you anything 
87 ..... i really enjoy working with you and appriciate how nice youve been to me , and you make me laugh . 
112 ..... one of my favorite people there , you make me laugh and are great to be around i <3 you 
913 ... my sister from another mother lol , I love you girl , you've had my back before and I know you'll have it in the future . I'm so happy to know you and have you guys in our life 
Off to work , hoping for a less boring night then Monday 
Dear disease in my nose , please go away . I don't like you living there . please find another home . Thanks 
I think I'm just going to boycott the weather channel until spring 
Will someone from work tell me if tomorrow is another food day or not 
Chaos !! 
I hate when I forget to turn my alarm off 
I think I'm gonna try to shop before Ohio turns into the North Pole 
How did my apartment get to the North Pole ? 
After a very cold afternoon of trying to shovel my car IN to a parking spot , getting suck for half and hour , another half an hour to thaw , I don't want to leave my apartment till Spring 
The sandman and I need to have a serious talk . 
Now what to do with the rest of the day 
Stupid wrong number . Thank you , now I'm awake 
I don't think someone could hide in a fridge and survive a nuclear blast . I'm starting to remember why I didn't like this movie 
I learned tonight that I don't like octopus . Thank you < PROPFIRST > Vaught for teaching me this lol 
After a horrible morning , I actually got most of my shopping done . 
My days should never start at 5:30 am . Hoping for a better morning tomorrow then I had today 
I don't open today ... why am I awake ? 
Christmas Vacation 
Time to sleep . I need to get everything wrapped tomorrow before work 
Going to my moms to wrap EVERYTHING because I'm way to OCD to let him do it lol 
I think I like all the ADD christmas music the best 
Long day , closed tonight , there at 10 tomorrow . At least its not dead anymore . Dinner , shower , and bed 
what better way to start the day then a great guitar solo 
5 hours , a CAT scan , ultra sound , and blood work and they really don't know what's wrong other than to say its probably my gall bladder and they can try to manage it . In the end , its probably gonna come out 
Feliz Navidad ! 
getting really tired of this ..... 
I wonder how long I can survive on toast , soup , milk , water , and gummie vitamins . 
Dr appointment Monday morning , thank god 
Car accidents SUCK !!! At least I wasn't the one cited 
I hate insurance companies 
Sometimes scientists are crazy . Watching a show on Nat Geo where this guy is sicking salamanders 
Correction , not sicking , LICKING !!! 
More tests in the morning , hope they figure this shit out , I'm starting to crack 
Hooray for being told that for the next 60 hours I will set of metal detectors 
I think I'm gonna try to spend the rest of my night using the radiation in my body to glow 
Day 2 here , tests in the morning . Hopefully I can get some sleep tonight 
Here one more day at least , more tests tomorrow . maybe they will find something 
So much for getting released today . Now they are saying tomorrow 
Finally being released !!!!! 
When you don't have hot chocolate mix , coco powder isn't half bad 
Trying to return the wrong book and buy the right one . Holy craziness 
Police on a segway !!! lol 
I'm afraid to find out where this path is going to end 
Got some stuff done that I needed to , hope to get the rest done tomorrow . time for work now 
Waiting for professors office hours to see about Monday . Maybe I'll donate blood while I wait . At least I get free chipotle out of it 
Tired of fishbowl diseases . 
Feeling like death 
I think we need to teach work the idea of a snow day . I mean seriously , who is gonna go out in this to get their dog groomed ? 
Snow day ! Our parking lot looks like an ice rink 
I liked the outcome of the puppy bowl better 
Its to early for girls to be so stupid . 
This is why I don't always like watching CNN . Its so much better then Fox , but they have something on about the new immigration law about citizenship in AZ on and its pissing me off 
Great start to my morning 
Going on a night hike through the Akron Zoo !!!!!! 
Sleeping with the fishes ! 
Had a great time at the zoo . Thank you to my wonderful husband . Pictures to come soon . 
Happy Valentines day . To those with Valentines , treasure them and remember its not about showing them how much you care on one day , its about the other 364 days . To those without , don't worry , its not a real holiday , it only counts when alcohol is part of the celebration and St Pattys day is next month !!!!! ; ) 
Sometimes I shouldn't be trusted with sharp things 
Live as if you will die tomorrow . Learn as if you will live forever . - M . Gandhi 
102% on Chem quiz !!!!! 
NE Ohio weather is like a little kid with a magnifying glass over an ant hill . Just when you think the despair and destruction is over , you get hit with another round 
Great . The only gas station in < PROPMALE > that isn't $3.29 is out of gas . FML 
Good news of the day 104% on Chem lecture test !!!! 
I wonder how much bubble wrap it would take me to get wrapped up in to stop injuring myself 
I want to move to some place where the days are nice and < PROPFEMALE > and the nights are cool . I wonder if it exists . 
I think I'm the only one who didn't like the storms last night 
This is one of those mornings that I hate 480 !!! 
I need to learn to say no . 
Three thing I learned today . 1 ) Bocca burgers with bacon are yummy . 2 ) People who don't pay attention when backing out can almost hit you . 3 ) Sea gulls look funny on snow . 
Insurance company people are idiots 
Home to do homework and take care of a sick husband 
Sometimes work makes me want to drink 
Work meeting . We all know this is gonna be tons of fun right ? 
It should be this hard to hear Flogging < PROPFEMALE > on St. < PROPFIRST>'s day 
I think I've discovered the reason I can't remember anything : my brain is filled with to many 90's song lyrics . 
Things I learned today : 1 . Making soap in chem lab smells bad . 2 . Hungarian < PROPFEMALE > tastes good . 
