AVATAR IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER ! just saying , i want to be a Na'vi . 

i'm so happy and no matter what i know where my heart belongs now . 
seems i know what i'm feeling now ( smile ) . on a bad note i almost FAed a class . thank goodness for teachers with hearts 
You have finally released the phoenix and now I am divine . My life is yours . 
feeling a little nervous is all 
listening to a disney love song lol i know i'm a dork 
is hopeful for no reason lol 
playing games with < PROPMALE > 
watching sweeney < PROPMALE > 
missing my boys lol 
just being a happy foxy ( smile ) . So what's up boys ? 
looking for the best ( smile ) 
( yawn ) good night everybody , miss you guys ( smile ) 
trying to watch anime and the internet won't work upstair lol i should have guessed 
work work work , schools keeping me busy . 
looking for a job still 
woot for silly daydreaming ( foxy grin ) 
working out to get ready for training 
wooo i got a job 
a hero would be nice tonight . 
i had my first Kung fu lesson today woot . MANY more to go . 
back to school and work , run for it lol . 
I miss you 
wish you were here . i could use the help 
( smile ) thing's could be better but i'm still happy anyway lol ( silly dance to my music ) 
watching X-men : evolution woot . Hearts for nightcrawler lol 
i was made to love you , so where are you ? :) 
so tired this morning ( plop ) 
waiting for the weekend 
testing over wooohooo thank goodness 
having a bad day grrr , i just wish i had some sweetheart to make it better . 
thinking about how things should be , i wish i could take a trip with < PROPFEMALE > . 
thanks for the messages < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > ( hearts ) 
just getting in some reading ( curls up in blanket ) 
ok i'll play your game . take me over glittering cloud . 
where are you ? ( looks around ) 
if only ... things would be so much easier . 
really tired . old jobs called so i've got work but i need to study for a test to . 
just enjoying the morning . fighting hawks woke me up . 
I'm so ready for my b-day woot . 
thinking about a haircut 
LETS PARTY ! WOOT ! GO SAINTS ! 
VICTORY WOOOOOHHOOOOOO 
just playing some games on here . 
had a bloody bad day 
working on school stuff . 
wanting to rant about tucker and fma lol 
Imagine if you suddenly learned that the people , the places , the moments most important to you were not gone ... not dead ... but worse , had never been . 
of course the vultures are the first to get here 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhh 
weird how < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can cheer you up lol 
listening to music lol ( hearts ) 
( rolls eyes ) 
< PROPFEMALE > IN WONDERLAND WAS SO GOOD I CAN'T PUT IT INTO WORDS lol 
what the freak avatar didn't win film of the year ! 
i've got a $200 keyboard for sale for $150 if any body would like it . 
hate how mama acts like i never do anything useful lately . 
“Imagination is everything . It is the preview of life's coming attractions . Imagination is more important than knowledge . ”-Einstein 
super happy yay 
found my cosplay now i just have to see if i can get it . 
i am a Default conversation device it seems lol 
got my cosplay woot 
doesn't feel good had nightmares again 
i wish i had 500 dollors 
lol i'm a fool for love . hehehe 
people act so ridiculous , it's sad . but i'm a happy little thing now . So i guess i'm acting silly to even if i'm not talking silly . 
happy happy days woot hehehe 
what's up everybody ( hearts ) 
wish things didn't have to be so hard all the time . 
wanting to talk about Labyrinth again lol . 
just got back from work . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
RESTAURANT CITY PEOPLE . I wanting to do a mass trade . i need 7 suger , 8 vanilla , 8 Apple , 8 saffon , 2 water , 6 pineapple , 3 chili and oranges if you have some you don't mind giving up . As long as it's not one of the things listed i will give you whatever you like out of the stuff i have . 
ready for AZ to be here but not looking forward to the drive 
things aren’t looking good and i may have to give up my phone soon so for the next couple months until i don't know when I won't be able to talk to any of you and the internet is going before that so you won't be seeing me on here either . This is a early good-bye and keep my family and me in your prayers . 
( smile ) things always turn out so weird . 
LMBBO just get's better and better . Good work on your exit boys . 
just keeps listening to imogen heap/frou frou music lol 
why is there not a \I hate old geeze music\ " group . " 
i've been feeling off all day , god i hope i'm not getting sick :( 
my daddy came to visit me today yay ! 
In visions of the dark night \ 
I have dreamed of joy departed\ 
But a waking dream of life and light\ 
Hath left me broken-hearted . \ 
- poe 
“The greatest ignorance is to reject something you know nothing about” \ 
“The recipe for perpetual ignorance is : Be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge . ” 
lol i need a Dragon Ball Z fan to talk to 
Oh no !!!!!! You've been hacked < PROPFEMALE > !!! Do something !! Use your powers of awesomeness !! ^____^ 
Uhm ....... Go < PROPMALE > Family go ! 
I'M FROM QUEBEC ... AND I READ EVERYBODY POOPS ... AND I'VE BEEN HACKED !!! AGAIN ... 
i'm feelin ' good ( puts on shades ) 
TO ANIME FANS i'm selling a large amount of anime < PROPFEMALE > needs 330 dollars lol 
i'm going to try and make 1000 cranes so i can make a wish woot . 3 down a lot to go . 
