Some people think having large breasts makes a woman stupid . Actually , it's quite the opposite : a woman having large breasts makes men stupid . - < PROPFEMALE > Rudner 

is old enough to know what's right and young enough not to choose it . Wise enough to win the world and fool enough to lose it . 
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes ! I had a great birthday . I must have been kissed at least 10 times by 5 beautiful women , some of which didn't even know it was my birthday . ;-)) I guess I'm just that lovable ! 
want's a hot < PROPFEMALE > weekend so I can go to the beach and work on my tan ! 
Sometimes I wonder why that Frisbee's getting bigger . Then it hits me . 
is celebrating ! My house in SC is sold !!!! 
lost 15 lbs already . 
needs a vacation ! 
has just 4 more days of work then leaves for < PROPFEMALE > on the shores of the Black Sea . Great food , great weather , the most beautiful women in the world and lots of fun , fun , FUN ! :)) 
1 more day of work , then it's bye bye California , hello Odyesa ! 
' s work day is over ! Vacation begins right about ....... NOW !!!! :)) 
has just 12 more hours until I fly ! 
is in Odesa and having fun !!!! :)) 
is melting in the humidity ! 
traveled to Ukraine to eat dinner at an < PROPFEMALE > Pub ! :-) I Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > again today ! 
and < PROPFEMALE > had a great time at Karaoke last night ! :)) I can't wait until tomorrow night ! 
is off to the beach with my Alonka ! 
can't believe it's the last day ! :(( 
should be back in CA in about 34 hours . 
is leaving for the airport now ! 
is home ! After 29 hours of airports and airplane food ! Work tomorrow ! I can't wait to pickup my pups ! 
and the boys are back together again ! :)) 
was talking to 3 girls in a club tonight . Not one of them could guess my age . The consensus was somewhere between 35 and 39 . I think they were all in their 20's , so I took their word for it ! : )) 
bowled another 200 game ! 
scored 4 under par in Frisbee golf ! 
... gonna ' dress my ass in the latest fashion , get a front door key to the playboy mansion , gonna ' date a centerfold who loves to blow my money for me .... 
... pretty little lady with the pretty pink thong , every sugar daddy hittin ' on her all night long , doesn't care about the money , she can be with anybody , ain't it funny , how the < PROPFEMALE > wanted you all along ! 
You're rippin ' up the dance floor < PROPFEMALE > . You shake your ass around for everyone . I love the way you'll dance with anybody . And tease them all while suckin ' on your thumb ! 
just bowled a 203 ! And averaged 169 over 4 games .... Best ever ! 
AKA Sir < PROPMALE > the Hero has a new suit made of Mithril for the Renaissance Faire Saturday ! 
saw a sign ; We'd promise you sleep deprivation , mental torment and muscles so sore you'll puke , but we don't like to sugar coat things ! .... The Marines 
has a rooski lesson , then bowling , then a barbeque and frisbee golf with friends . Need to find time to buy groceries at some point too . Weekends are too short ! 
... says y'all have too much time on your hands ! :)) 
got 2nd place in Frisbee Golf tonight ! 6 Birdies in 1 game ! 
I wanna go until the neighbors all complain , Because they heard somebody screaming , And they think we're both in pain . I wanna go so long , your parents think you died , They're gonna call the cops , the CIA and then the FBI 
' s Fortune Coookie : The first step towards better times is to imagine them ( in bed) ! 
' s blonde friend said she's \holding her breath\ " . : 0 ) " 
wants to go back to < PROPFEMALE > to see < PROPFEMALE > ! 
' s Fortune Cookie of the day says ; \You excel in pleasing others\ " ( in bed ) . " 
< PROPFIRST>'s Law #12 - < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue , but persistence to the point of success is a blessing ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Law #7 - If you can't beat them , join them , then beat them . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Law #16 - When in doubt THINK ! 
URGENT !! Apparently the FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly . 
Peters Law #2 : When given a choice , take BOTH ! 
' s Fortune Cookie says : Work first , but make sure to play later ( in bed ) . 
Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Keep it going !!!! 
was trying to decide between the playboy model , the dancer or the russian girl . Then he remembered < PROPFIRST>'s Law #2 : When given a choice , take BOTH ! Sure sounds good in theory ... ha ha ha 
\Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it\ " < PROPMALE > Cosby " 
won frisbee golf again ! That's two games in a row .... :-) 
teaching you how to be an Engineer . Rule #3 \Don't cut the RED wire ! \"" 
teaching you how to be an Engineer . Rule #5 . There are two ways to do every job . My way and the wrong way . 
teaching you how to be an Engineer . Rule #7 . \Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget . \"" 
teaching you how to be an Engineer . Rule #8 . \A failure will not appear untill a unit has passed final inspection . \"" 
teaching you how to be an engineering . Rule #9 . \If you can't fix it --- Document it . \"" 
teaching you how to be an engineer . Finally ! Rule #10 . \The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and totally impossible for the serviceman . \"" 
Two more days before I go to see my girl Aliona in Ukraine ! ( If the anxiety doesn't kill me first ! ) 
4:30 AM ! Ahhhhhh ! Samalote prebweviet sem chasa ootra . ( plane leaves at 7 AM ) . Do svidanya ! ( See ya'all later ! ) : 0 ) 
Leaving for < PROPFIRST > ( via Kiev ) in 9 hours ! I have a hotel across the park from the Eiffel Tower . It's only a one night stay but it will probably be the best part of the trip ! Everyone pray that my luggage gets there too please ! 
Falling in love is a fantasy we create in our mind and project onto another person , who rarely lives up to our expectations . True love is unconditional , it is an appreciation of the qualities of another person , accepting them for who they are and allowing them to be the person they were meant to be . 
had a great day ! Wrote something rather profound that everyone seems to like , arranged a potential business partnership with a company in Japan , had fun flirting with a waitress who looks like < PROPFEMALE > Bullock , spent the evening talking to a beautiful Romanian girl and got a marriage proposal . Is there an App for that ? I think I'll call it a night ! 
Just won a game of Frisbee golf at 6 under par ! : 0 ) 
Won again on Sunday ! : 0 ) ( My friends are really getting pissed at me now ! ) 
met model < PROPFEMALE > Murdock tonight ! And ... I got to talk with < PROPFEMALE > ! What a sweetheart she is , all 5 ' of her ! 
work , work , work , work , work , PARTY ! ( repeat ) 
Loves Sushi on Friday ! :-) 
Hates working on Saturday ! :-( 
Rivers to < PROPMALE > ... Touchdown ! :-) 
bought some cool new clothes at Buckle ! :-) 
shaved his head as smooth as ... well you know ! 
twisted his ankle playing frisbee golf and can hardly walk .... OUCH !!!! 
: Doc says nothing's broken . The ankle's starting to feel better tonight but between the bald head , the limp and the cane , you'd think I aged 30 years over the weekend ! 
My ankle is starting to feel better . I can almost walk normal again , but I won't be dancing for a while ! :-( 
My love horoscope said that all that my love interest wants from me is my time \and lots of it\ " . I'm wondering if that's true ? " 
' s fortune cookie for the day says ; \Take care of yourself first . Then help others . \ " ( in bed ) ;-D LOL ! " 
is going boating tomorrow at Pyramid Lake and bringing the sun screen for my head ! :)) 
Went boating at Pyramid Lake today ! We froze our asses off , but it was fun !! 
The next time someone asks for directions , tell them to go up 1 block and make the next four first lefts ... 
To all of you out there from all of us , Happy Thanksgiving ! And remember , the light at the end of the tunnel , may be YOU ! 
Maybe Pumpkin pie AND Pecan pie was a little too much for desert ! 
Coffee break is over .. Back to work ! 
had a great Tuesday evening with my new friend ! :-) 
You ain't chillin ' ' till ur hangin;' with me , ' cause I'm the coolest guy in the place ! 
is moving up ! 
is going apartment hunting today . Be verwy verwy quiet . I'm hunting wabbits ! 
If you ask for the impossible , you will be disappointed . If I had a nickel ... 
' s fortune cookie says , \You excel at pleasing others .. ( in bed)\ " B^) " 
... Don't take life too seriously ; No one gets out alive ! 
... I used to have a handle on life , but it broke . 
A picture is worth a thousand words , but it uses up three thousand times the memory . 
God must love stupid people ; He made so many ! Me thinkst the < PROPFIRST > pool could use a little chlorine . 
says ... \Any woman can have the body of a 21 year old ! All you need to do is buy him a few drinks first . \"" 
I don't iron . If I'm not wrinkle-free , why should my clothes be ? 
Mmmm ... I love it when it's 80 degrees in December ! 
Ever notice how the people that tell you to calm down are the same ones who pissed you off in the first place ? 
has a degree in Engineering - \All aboard ? \"" 
... finished Christmas shopping ... But I have less than half the moving boxes packed for Monday's big move ! Ahhhh !!!!!! 
Bah humbug ... cough , er-ehem ... I meant , Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I hope < PROPFEMALE > delivers the goods ! 
Hey Everyone ! I think I hear the pitter patter of 40 little feet on my roof ! :-) Oh darn , that's just the neighbors kids ! 
The difference between < PROPFEMALE > and Tiger woods is , < PROPFEMALE > stops after 3 Ho's! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Ya'll! I'm trapped in Squeaky-toy hell ! Smokey's already got the nose and eyes off of his Snoopy and Grey won't stop with the squeaky ! Ahhhhh !!! 
So what did I get for Christmas ? More squeaky toys for the dogs ! Stuffed ones ! Now my floor is covered in cotton and Grey is chomping on all the squeakers he's gutted from these poor toys . Dinner was delicious ! 
Rah-Rah , Ah-Ah-Ah , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > -ma , Ga-Ga , Ooh La La .... 
All moved in ! So many boxes ! Ahhhhh ! 
ATTENTION - READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus . Please post this on your own site for your friends .. 
' s New Years Resolutions : Create a new life filled with friends , love , romance , travel and lots of money ! Oh yea , ... and lose some weight ! :-) 
would like to wish a Happy New Year to all of my friends and family . Have fun and be safe tonight ! 
He who can does , he who cannot , gets a PhD ! :-) 
\Nature abhors a vacuum\ " That's why she hides it inside so many skulls ! " 
If time flies , and time is money , then how come nobody ever gets < PROPMALE > with a butterfly net ? 
Red ! 
WARNING : ( THIS IS NOT FROM ME ) URGENT ! FACEBOOK VIRUS ALERT . An email recently went out to women asking them to post the color of their bra . THIS IS A VIRUS . To fix it , you must remove your shirt and bra , then go to Setting > Enable Webcam > Record Movie , then post it to your status !! 
Having Social Security Sex . That's when you get a little every month but not enough to live on ! 
Tiger crashed into a fire hydrant and a tree . He couldn't decide between a wood and an iron . 
A guy is on a date with this girl , so he takes her to Lover's < PROPFIRST > . When they get up there , she says , '' I have to be honest with you , I'm a hooker . '' The guy thinks about this for a short time and says it's okay . He agrees to pay her £25 and they start having sex . After they finish , the guy says , '' I have to be honest with you now . I'm a cab driver and it'll cost you £25 for me to drive you back into town . '' 
A guy at the bar with his friend says ; I hate going home at night . I close the door gently , tip-toe up the stairs and go into the bathroom quietly , but when I get in bed , my wife wakes up and bitches at me . His friend says ; You have it all wrong ! I come home , slam the door , stomp up stairs , slap my wife on the ass and say , hey baby , let's have sex ! Then I go into the bathroom . When I come out , she's always asleep . 
Blank < PROPFEMALE > 
What is the diference b/w stress , tension & panic ? Stress is when wife is pregnant , tension is when girlfriend is pregnant & panic is when both are pregnant ! 
A man walks from bar and sees a bum on the corner . The bum says , Can you spare a dollar ? The man thinks a minute . Then asks the bum , “If I give you a dollar , are you going to buy liquor ? No , says the bum . The man then asks , If I give you a dollar , are you going gambling ? Again the bum says , No . So the man says , Do you mind coming home with me so I can show my wife what happens to someone who doesn’t drink or gamble ? 
How to impress a woman : compliment her , kiss her , love her , tease her , protect her , listen to her and support her ! How to impress a man : Show up naked and bring beer ! 
Ok , new game . Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
Q : Why are quantum physicists so poor at sex ? A : Because when they find the position , they can't find the momentum , and when they have the momentum , they can't find the position . 
There is a sign in Munich that says , \Heisenberg might have slept here . \"" 
Hey ! How about Toyota's new slogan ? \Ahhhh !!!! What a feeling ! \"" 
Another Toyota slogan : \Toyota Can't Stop Moving Forward . \ " LOL ! " 
A box of chocolates $20 , dinner and a movie $70 , a bouquet of roses $100 , hotel room $115 . The look on his face when she says she's on her period ... PRICELESS ! 
Half-day of work today , 1 meeting and then some fun ! 
Long day , no sleep because the dogs woke me up at 2 , 4 and 6 AM . Glad it's over ! 
I'm over it ! Okay ? 
It's the color of your hairdo , A rising summer sun , The flash to fashion , The pulse to passion , Feels Red ! I'm talkin about the overhead , The underfed , It hurts my head ! Couldn't we talk about something else instead ? 
It's Frellin ' Friday ! Yotz ! 
Sarchasm : The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it ! 
8 minutes from losing it a little bit 5 minutes your description might be starting to fit 3 to go and I'm forgetting all that I've ever known I won't be standing up for long I better learn how to crawl Learn how to crawl In ten minutes I'll be laying out flat on the floor I can't stand up at all Can't see nothing at all In ten minutes I'll be laying out flat on the floor 
' s Fortune Cookie : You will soon receive a surprise from a lover ... ( in bed ) . 
< PROPFEMALE > stem in her mouth , she can tie in a knot , For every trick she does , one in ten that she's got , Makin ' friends , settin ' trends , hardly havin ' to try , All her looks , by the book , best that money can buy !, Look what your money bought ... 
A koala sitting in a gum tree smoking a joint . A little lizard looked up and said ' Hey Koala ! What are you doing ? ' , ' Smoking a joint , come on up . ' A while later the little lizard said ' my mouth is dry ' and he is going to get a drink from the river . The little lizard was so stoned that he fell into the river . A crocodile saw this and helped him out . He asked , ' What's the matter with you ? ' 
Great news ! They finally figured out why most men always complain about women drivers on the freeway . It's the same as with sex . Women want to enjoy the ride , but most men just want to get to the destination . :-) Wonder why I have a hot red sports car with sexy lines , tight curves and I love to drive , a lot !!! =oP 
' Wow , said the blonde , ' that's amazing ...... I'm going to buy it!' So she bought the thermos and took it to work the next day . Her boss saw it on her desk . ' What's that , ' he asked ? ' Why , that's a thermos ..... It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold , ' she replied .. Her boss inquired , ' What do you have in it ? ' The blond replied ..... ... ' Two popsicles and some coffee . ' 
\Make NOW always the most precious time . Seize the moment . Now will never come again ! \"" 
Baby this a new age , You like my new craze , Let's get together , Maybe we can start a new phase . The smokes got the club all hazy , Spotlights don't do you justice baby . Why don't you come over here , you got me saying ; Aayooh , I'm tired of using technology , I need you right in front of me ! 
Women are like phones : They like to be held , talked to , and touched often . But push the wrong button and your ass is disconnected ! 
Technology Revolution ? I just heard that the Internet is being replaced by \Tubes \"." 
OMG ! The weather called for rain , but we've got 2\ of snow in San < PROPMALE >!" 
Everyone , have a happy Easter ! 
That was one Earth Shaking Easter ! 
Do I look like a friggin ' people person ? This isn't an office . It's Hell with fluorescent lighting . I started out with nothing & still have most of it left . I pretend to work . They pretend to pay me . Sarcasm is just one more service we offer . 
Life by the yard is hard , by life by the inch is a cinch ! 
You can’t quit until you try , You can’t live until you die , You can’t learn to tell the truth , Until you learn to lie . You can’t breathe until you choke , You gotta laugh when you’re the joke , There’s nothing like a funeral , to make you feel Alive ! Just open your eyes , Just open your eyes , And see that life is beautiful ! Will you swear on your life , That no one will cry at my funeral ?!!!! 
I know some things that you don’t , I’ve done things that you won’t , There’s nothing like a trail of blood , to find your way back home ! I was waiting for my hearse , What came next was so much worse , It took a funeral , to make me feel alive !!!! Just open your eyes , Just open your eyes , And see that life is beautiful . Will you swear on your life , That no one will cry at my funeral ?!!!!! 
Just saw Avatar . Pretty awesome movie ! 
Shanghai , here I come ! 
No FB in < PROPFEMALE > ! Back in HK . Next stop , LAX . That is after 3 times through F'n immigration and the 4th damn security check !!!! 
Moms are the greatest ! Happy Mother's Day to all of you ! 
What's your love flaw ? \ 
Result : You don't have a love flaw . You're a well-integrated personality in control of your issues or neuroses . You know love is different from like and < PROPFEMALE > , because you've been there once or twice . It's a contented , relaxed feeling . You are your true self when in love . Your first dates are down-to-earth , and more about becoming friends than revealing or proving anything . 
So I got me a pen and a paper and I made up my own little sign , I said thank you Lord for thinking about me , I'm alive and doing fine ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio - Died today at age 67 ! 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > , what´s with that hair ? It looks like you´ve got moose AND squirrel in there . - LMPAO ! 
Finally ! I'm down 11 lbs from where I started . Lost 5 in the < PROPFIRST > 10 days . Stir-fry baby ! And workin ' out ! :-) 
Broke through the 180's! I weigh in at 179 this morning , a full 13 lbs lost so far . Work-it Baby ! 
A Guy < PROPFEMALE > Tale !! Once upon a time , a < PROPMALE > asked a beautiful < PROPMALE > ss ... “Will you marry me ? ”\ 
The < PROPMALE > ss said “NO ! ” \ 
And the < PROPMALE > lived happily ever after and rode motorcycles and went fishing and hunting and played golf and dated women half his age and drank beer and scotch and had tons of money in the bank and left the toilet seat up and farted whenever he wanted . THE END 
Now we're shakin ! 5.7 Quake ! All's well here , the dogs have already stopped barking . 
Welcome to my 1st annual 49th birthday ! 
A big thanks y'all! Just another day for me , though I think I should be counting backwards starting about now . 
Get up , and go out , Me and all my friends , We drink up , We fall down , And then we do it all again ! 
\It’s not true that I had nothing on . I had the radio on . \ " Marylyn Munroe . " 
Ran ( not walked ) a mile today , non-stop ! 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way , you are a mile away AND you have their shoes ! 
Q : Is swimming good for your figure ? \ 
A : If swimming is good for your figure , explain whale to me .. 
1 . The Japanese eat very little fat and suffer fewer heart attacks than us . \ 
\ 
2 . The Mexicans eat a lot of fat and suffer fewer heart attacks than us . \ 
3 . The Chinese drink very little red wine and suffer fewer heart attacks than us . \ 
4 . The Italians drink a lot of red wine and suffer fewer heart attacks than us . 
3 degrees of separation indeed ! Pick a friend , then pick one of their friends who is not your friend , chances seem to be that one of their friends will also be one of yours . Strange , but it seems to happen to me more often than not . 
Earth .... Quakeeeee !!!!!! I'm still standing ! 
The wife gets naked & asks her hubby : \What turns you on more .. my blue eyes .. my pouting red lips .. my lovely mane of hair .. my pretty face .. my perky tits .. my flat stomach .. my slim thighs .. or my sexy arse ? \ " Hubby looks her up & down and replies : \ " Your sense of humour ! \"" 
Q : What are some of the advantages of participating in a regular exercise program ? A : Can't think of single one , sorry . My philosophy is : No pain ... good ! 
How fast can you guess these words ? 1 . BOO_S 2 . _ _ NDOM 3 . P_N_S 4 . F_ _ K 5 . PU_S_ 6 . S_X 
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory . 
Time is a great teacher , but unfortunately it \ 
kills all of its pupils . 
What do you mean , my birth \ 
certificate expired ? 
I think animal testing is a terrible idea ; they \ 
get all nervous and give the wrong answers . 
Winner ! Frisbee golf , -6 baby ! Yeah !!!!!!!! 
In three words I can sum up everything I've \ 
learned about life : It goes on . 
Weigh-in at 175 today ! Down 20 lbs from where I started . Wooo Whooo ! 
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate \ 
men everywhere ? ' Hold my purse . ' 
If you're talking behind my back , you're in a good\ 
position to kiss my ass ! 
Middle age is when your age \ 
starts to show around your middle . 
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day \ 
living that wears you out . 
Winner ! Frisbee Golf ... -6 AGAIN Baby ! Tied up the whole game , then on the last hole .... < PROPFEMALE > !!! :)) 
Microsoft : \You've got questions . We've got dancing paperclips . \"" 
\Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to \ 
Great relationships stay great because the mature \ 
choose being kind & in love over having to always be right ! Rev Run 
Aerosmith w/ < PROPFIRST > Hagar and the Wabbos 2nite , and some very attractive company ! 
Aerosmith was awesome , we had a great time ! < PROPFIRST > was a no-show , saw Cheep Trick instead . 
I have opinions of my own -- strong opinions -- \ 
but I don't always agree with them . - < PROPFIRST > Bush 
Everyone dies , but not everyone really lives ! 
A woman can inspire men to great things , and prevent us\ 
from achieving them . 
There are over six billion people in the world , but sometimes all you really need is one . 
\Do I make you look fat ? \"" 
\Money doesn't make you happy . I now have $50 \ 
You can't have everything .... where would you put it ? 
I'll bet you $10 that you'll read this . PM me for the address where to mail your check . 
< PROPFIRST > Police : You !! Out Of The Pool ! 
The < PROPMALE > of being \ 
wise is knowing what to overlook . ~ William < PROPFIRST > 
Weigh-in this morning at 172 ! Down another 3lbs . I'm starting to see my 6-pak peak through . Wooo Whooo ! 
RUSH ! Time Machine Concert Tonight . Going back 30 years to hear Moving Pictures live . 
RUSH ( or should I say RASH ? ) was even more incredible , awesome and hillarious than ever before ! I especially liked the < PROPMALE > girls Moving Pitchers , of beer that is . And the Time Machine that reverted the band to teen agers , kids , cavemen then monkeys ! If you haven't heard the Reggae version of Working Man , or the Polka version of La Villa Strangiato , you gotta go see this tour ! 
Wise Proverb : \If your wife wants to learn to drive 
There are 10 types of people . Those who understand binary and those who don't . 
Time , if nothing else , will do its worst . So do me a favor and tell me the good news first ! 
Age doesn’t matter , unless you're wine or cheese ! ;-) 
\I’m a big fan of 
... Focus on enjoying EVERYONE you meet - the guys , the old ladies , babies ... Seriously , EVERYONE you meet . Make it a game to find out what you can celebrate , enjoy and appreciate about each person you come into contact with . 
\The opposite of courage is not so much fear as it \ 
The truth not only sets you free , it slays all \ 
dragons , banishes all fears , connects all dots , and casts a brand new \ 
spell over those who've yet to see you as I do . - The universe 
How people treat you is their < PROPFEMALE > ; how you react is yours . 
Woo whoo ! Weigh-in this morning at 169.2 ! Finally out of the 170's and into the 160's with 26 lbs lost . 
I remember 9/11/2001 ! 
In a dogs life , a year is really more like 7 . But all too soon , the canine will be chasing cars in doggy heaven . It seems to me , as we make our own huge circles round the Sun . We get it backwards , and our 7 years goes by like 1 . 
In a dogs day , the people look to Sirius . Dogs cry at the < PROPFEMALE > , but those connections are mysterious . It seems to me , while it's true that every dog will have his day . When all the bones are buried there is barely time to go outside and play . 
In a dogs brain , a constant buzz of low level static . One sniff at the hydrant , the reaction is automatic . It seems to me , as we make our own huge circles round the block . We've lost our senses , for the higher level static of talk . 
I believe in what I see , I believe in what I hear . I believe that what I'm feeling changes how the world appears . 
... Suck it up , Buttercup ! Motivation then Determination ... Persistance not Perfection ... 
Weigh-in : 168.0 Dropped another one ... 8 more to go ! 
Hello weekend ! 
Goodbye weekend ... :( 
Let's get crackin ' , like some broken bones ! 
\My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind . \"" 
\The only thing that can spoil perfection is knowledge \"" 
\God does not care about our mathematical difficulties . He integrates empirically . \"- A . Einstein " 
Down to 167 lbs and counting ! \ 
\\" Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character . \"" 
\The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education . \"" 
I like it on the couch ! 
Success comes in Cans , not in cannots . 
\We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we\ 
Wag more ! Bark less ! 
\The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources . \"" 
I live life with a lot of panache ! 
They shoot without shame . In the name of a piece of dirt . For a change of accent , or the color of your shirt . Better the pride that resides , in a citizen of the world . Than the pride that divides , when a colorful rag is unfurled ! 
Life is like a roller coaster that never stops to let you on or off . You must take a leap of faith to change tracks ! 
If you actually said half the things you think about , it'd be hysterical ! 
I'm F-F-F-FREEZING ! It's damn cold in Jersey !!!!! 
Yea Baby ! Flying First Class all the way home ! 
Wishing all my friends a very Happy Thanksgiving ! May your food coma be long and deep ! 
In Vegas to see < PROPMALE > Waters perform The Wall . Best show in 30 years ! 
Uploaded 5 videos and 268 photos from The Wall . This is a Must See show , you'll be sorry you missed it ! 
You better run all day and run all night . Keep your dirty feelings deep inside ! If you're taking your girlfriend out tonight , you better park the car well out of sight . Cause if they catch you in the back seat trying to pick her locks . They're gonna send you back to mother in a cardboard box ! You better run ! 
Change your default Facebook picture to a cartoon character from yourchildhood . The goal : To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , the 6th of December . Join the fight against child abuse and invite yourfriends to do the same . 
Hey you ! Out there on the road , always doing what your told can you help me ? Hey you ! Out there beyond the wall , breaking bottles in the hall . Can you help me ? 
He puzzled and puzzled till his puzzler was sore . Then the Grinch \ 
thought of something he hadn't before ! Maybe Christmas , he thought , \ 
doesn't come from a store . Maybe Christmas ... perhaps ... means a little \ 
bit more ! 
#303 Thank you for all the laughter and food for thought ! Don't ever stop writing . Since you've already achieved awesomeness , you're bound for greatness ! ;) 
So who's got a # ? 
It came without ribbons ! It came without tags ! It came without packages , boxes , or bags ! 
All their windows were dark . No one knew he was there . All the Whos were all dreaming sweet dreams without care ... when he came to the first little house on the square . Then he slunk to the ice box . He took the Whos ' feast , he took the who pudding , he took the roast beast . He cleaned out that ice box as quick as a flash . Why , the Grinch even took their last can of Who hash . 
Welcome , Christmas , bring your cheer . Cheer to all Whos far and near . Christmas Day is in our grasp so long as we have hands to clasp . Christmas Day will always be , just as long as we have we . Welcome Christmas while we stand , heart to heart and hand in hand . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my Whos far and near ! 
He brought everything back , all the food for the feast . And he , he himself , the Grinch - carved the roast beast . 
I had a great Xmas weekend ! Spent it with good friends , great food ( too many sweets ! ) and my wonderful family ! Next ... back to the gym ! 
Frisbee golf today 3:30 , and no rain ! Yeah ! 
I thought yesterday was bad ... It's only 9 am ! :( Brand new day , S.O.S. !!!! 
The Gogo dancers are the whole show dude ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
I just reduced the electric field strength required to make a gravitational field by 11 orders of magnitude ! 
