Baskin Robbins :) hell yeah !!! 

how bout that after party at koolaid's this saturday ??? christian said drinks are gon be on him lol . we bout to get fucked up ! ask him bout it 
just went to court this morning . god damn ! they telling me i gotta have a P.O. for the pre trial what the fuck ?? at least i'm free . if i get locked i expect all yall niggas to riot at the courtroom with sign that say free Loc D lol 
i'm the shit and i love myself cuz of it , but i love nothing more than my fam , girls , and niggas . get at me haha . one luv ! 
prom night went good with my date until we got to the dance and she started being childish and spoiled , but i love you < PROPFEMALE > ! if i could do it again i wouldn't have went with anyone else =] 
contemplating how to make her mine . ladies give me a tip . i think i found that special one =] 
i really didn't think it was legit to be pimp at a formal dance like prom lol , but somehow my nigga samson broke the rules . if you are a pimp at a formal dance , what does that say bout your date ??? 
i'm trying to get a grad party going at koolaid's on sunday or monday . hit me up if interested and koolaid let me know if it's cool 
I don't think there is a next time . You are leaving soon , right ??? 
People make a difference in your life everyday , but only you can decide if it's for better or for worse 
Omfg !! I can't take it no more . Summer is suppose to be fun . I'm bored as fuck . Please , someone get at me . We need to collaborate and do something ..... 
Just got done watching planet 51 . It was the shit lol 
Court today ..... Yay . Should be fun and interesting seeing how the DA is gon try to convince the jury to lock my black ass up ..... Cuz it's totally what I look forward yo 
I'm not one for feelings but my heart is hurting =( ..... and broken ... This is exactly why I don't let myself attached to people . It's a fucking sign of weakness and an open invitation for somebody to tear out yo fucking heart !!!! 
Life may hurt you at one point , but you gotta get up and move on because just like a bully if you let life push you around and upset you , it will do it more frequently 
it seems like now that i am 18 i'm getting hit up on myspace and facebook by all these females i never even met before . it ain't a bad thang , but what the deal is shawty ??? 
life is what you make it , so why not make it something big and amazing ?? dream big then < PROPMALE > it , and never give up till you are living the dream :] 
i think it's really funny how connected the highline class of 2010 is . i'm checking my crew from highline and we all got 30+ friends in common lol ... long live the class of 2010 
just had a bowl of lucky charms .... my day officially begins 
damn .... it's raining hard . there goes my perfect day ... [ sigh ] ... 
i'm starting to think i didn't really graduate and the school didn't tell me .... still waiting on my diploma to show up in the mail .... 
need someone to braid my hair ... willing to pay 15 dollars . hit me up if you are down 
2068508277 is the number .... hit me up . need knew txting buddies ... 
really need someone to braid my hair .. hit me up if you are down . will pay whoever does it 
for anyone who seen that bullshit someone posted using my account , yall niggas know i ain't gay , but if anyone of you mothafuckas who know me think i'm gay then fuck you ... 
just learned first hand how hard sales is ... it's completely different from hustling my nigga . i can hustle shit no problem , but being a sales rep is hard as fuck ... [ sigh ] ... gonna be a long week 
life is going . everyone i < PROPMALE > out with in high school is either going to college , working , or going into the military . life is not waiting for noone =] 
is it weird that i met my mom for the first time today and i still havent met me dad ?? it's 2 months and 22 days after my 18th birthday ..... just goes to show you that you are never to old to start making new bonds =] 
another day , another dollar , but still too many responsibilities .... got alot riding on my shoulders . ONE LOVE !! 
it's weird how everytime i think my life sucks ass , someone or something comes along and shows me how much worse it could be .... no matter what i've seen or been through , i can't let it hold me down . plus i can't ever look for an excuse to cry bout life ... keep looking forward and never go backwards =] 
loved that bar-b-q yesterday that < PROPMALE > put together . shout out to the kid < PROPMALE > for putting together a somewhat successful event ... it was aight by me ahaha 
They said I wasn't ready .... I didn't listen .... I have noone to blame but myself .... I tried to do the impossible , but the impossible did me in .. 
It was a real good evening =] the shawty enjoyed it and it ended wit a kiss ....... Now the only problem is how to tell her white supremacist super racist father that I'm dating his daughter without getting shot or shot at .... It's hard having a secret relationship ..... 
I'm thinking bout choppin all da hair off .... What y'all think ??? 
Is so fucking stressed .... Can't seem to concentrate on wats In front of me ... willing to go half up on some dro . Let's twist them trees ... Any takers ???? 
she calls it taking a break ... i say i'm not sticking around to play games .... so it's official . i'm single again ...... 
WHATS GOOD ?? she said we were taking a week off , or something like that , but after two days she calls me and says she can't stay away ..... damn babe , you know what to say to melt my heart away . she says after thinking , she realizes i'm the light in her life :) .... guess i'm not single anymore . gon give it another go baby ! 
sooo .... last week i was unofficially single . then i took her back . now i'm officially single , and i've come to the conclusion that i need to just focus on school and work right now . so , like the boi drake says : \i'm doing me ..... \"" 
before i turned 18 my grandma told me i wasn't ready for the world . i believe she meant to say that the world wasn't ready for me ahaha .... live life crazy , wild , and fearless like every minute could be your last =] 
idk why so many inconsiderate people are calling and txting my phone talking shit when i ask who they are . i had 3 different niggas call me today , and 2 different niggas txt me .... and one of them had the nerve to try to critisize my famlily life like they know what's bout it ... to whoever these cats are : knock this shit off cuz it's getting tiresome real quick .. 
i got too much heart to not try .... \ 
.... and i got to much pride to quit .... \ 
... it's ya boi Loc D , \ 
got da heart of a general , \ 
and the words that i spit remain legit . \ 
\ 
-Loc D aka deonate < PROPFIRST > 
these cat's ain't ready for me , \ 
i'm one of a kind a black gorilla . \ 
got the heart of a general\ 
and da mind of a killa . \ 
you can < PROPMALE > when you wanna\ 
cuz it don't get no realer . \ 
standing 5'10 , G\ 
but serving 6'4 niggas\ 
- Loc D aka deonate < PROPFIRST > 
In life there are pretty much two decisions .... You do or you don't . nomatter how complicated your problems seem , it can be broken down to a do or a don't ... So either you did or you didn't . Realize that and stop bitchin 
\we are americans . we don't quit because we are wrong 
\the song is toot it and boot it 
what's the point of trying if you don't give it your all ? how can you complain if you didn't do everything in your power to try to make things work ? you can't and you have no right to . so if you say you are , then do it because anything else is just an excuse 
me and koolaid are bout to harness our ninja skills tomorrow morning when naruto ultimate ninja storm 2 comes out at 10 am 
knowing your limits and pushing yourself is healthy and cool , but why in hell would you try to take on the impossible . people say anything is possible , but that's a damn lie ... if you feel like trying to prove me wrong then go breath in outer space . when you come back from doing that i'll shut my mouth . until then , i'm gon keep spitting truth 
my enemies fear me cuz i got da juice nigguh ... don't believe me , then holla my name . just wipe that retarded suprised look off yo face when you see me do what i do , and realize it was me who reshaped the game . i grew up raising myself . i can't say i know bout that shit called love . born a mistake and prodigy to da streets , cuz my mom decided she was down to shoot up drugs . \ 
-Deonate < PROPFIRST > aka Loc D 
has a pony tail now ... sexy ladies can give it a tug =] 
Is depressed and not enjoying life right bout now =[ 
People who say , \I can't\ " 90% of the time really mean I'm too scared or lazy to try " 
nomatter how much i do , it doesn't meet my grandparents expectations .... Is that just me , or does that happen to other people too , grandparents or parents ?? 
Look me dead in my eyes . Nigga tell me what you see . Feel the hate up in my heart , that's got me dippin in da streetz . Like a G , don't take no shit , until these cowards bury me . Too much pride up in my soul , I never cave in to defeat .... \ 
-Loc D 
.... I payed da cost to be the boss . Can't give up , I'll never know a loss . So these niggas dipped in sauce ? I'll spray them clean . Them bullets will wash ' em off . See these cowards fall flat , you ain't the man that you thought you was . Now you know I got da juice . So , can you feel a nigga , cuz ?? \ 
I'm trying way too hard to sqeeze 48 hours into a damn 24 hour day .... Tiring 
Why stoop to a level that requires a shovel ?? That's like throwing Ice cubes at the mothafuckin devil\ 
-The Game 
Time is everlasting ... Unfortunately I only have a limited amount 
love the hell outta my new job . i get to make a difference by helping improve the lifes of < PROPMALE > youth and it's a very social job . thank you Mockingbird Society for giving me the opportunity to make a difference in this chaotic world that we live in . i promise that i will try my best and i won't disappoint you :) 
oooh shit ... i think my boss is mad at me cuz i came into work 3 hours early yesterday and started working without clocking in . i didn't know you couldn't put in extra unpaid hours for a job that you get paid for ..... 
I hate it when you wake up fully awake 4 hours before the rest of the fucking world wit nothing to do ... Damn my messed up sleep patterns ... 
As time goes by I can feel me maturing and getting older . I realize I don't have the time for the bullshit and drama that I once had , and I feel a certain obligation to be thankful for all the little things too 
It's amazing how we , as people , complain about alot of things , but very rarely do we take the time to stop , look around , and count our blessings . Just being able to live another day to see tomorrow outweighs all of da bad stacked up against us . So open up your eyes and see what you got before you start searching for what you ain't got 
Dear Lord , \ 
For what reason did I sign up for my classes to start at 9 fucking o'clock if I was gon have to get up before damn highschoolers ? 
i finally understand\ 
for a woman it ain't eazy\ 
trying to raise a man . \ 
you always was committed\ 
a poor single parent on welfare , tell me how you did it\ 
and there's no way i can pay you back , \ 
but the plan is to show you that i understand , \ 
and that you are appreciated\ 
-tupac 
am i the only person who noticed that in < PROPFEMALE > Montana season 1 , Miley < PROPMALE > was an innocent , somewhat conservative , rockstar teenager , but all of a sudden in her final season she went through a dramatic change to a super sleezy hoe bag having like 15 boyfriends in one season .... hmmmmm .... guess southpark was right and disney really is selling sex ... 
seahawks are cruising to da superbowl and i'm riding shotgun . good thing them cleptos ... i mean stealers .... damn ... i meant steelers aren't gon be there 
tell me why i got the biggest , loudest , most intimidating black teacher for my accounting class .... kinda don't wanna go since i missed his class friday because my car battery died ... i have a feeling he's gon put me on da spot in the middle of everyone in class , and if he does we gon have some < PROPMALE > beef bout it 
i be getting tired of niggas claiming that they are men now that they have turned 18 , but yet they are still making rookie mistakes and letting their pride get in the way like they some 4 year old lil boy . cat's need to realize that manhood isn't determined by a number , but by a certain level of maturity . Ya digg ??? 
just wrote and recorded da new rap a koolaid's studio . bout to edit it and post dat shit on facebook boi ! 
i'm not one to brag , but my home girl Sovanna Nati can cook a five < PROPFEMALE > restaurant outta business ... i raise my bottle to you < PROPFEMALE > 
history class is starting to get super fun ... we are talking bout the Assyrians , the Persian Empires , the Neo-Babylonian Empire , the Babylonian Empire , and all that other warrior shit . looks like i'll be getting an A on my next quiz cuz i know and love that warrior shit , CUZ I'M A WARRIOR ! 
( 1/2)\ 
dear facebook , \ 
i just got pulled over by the police for sliding through a red light on my way to school . it didn't help that the cop pulled a u turn and pulled up in my blindspot , so when i tried to back up outta of traffic i hit his vehicle and it took the backside of my car off the fucking map . 
( 1/3)\ 
( 2/3)\ 
then to make matters worse i forgot my wallet at home in my pants i was wearing yesterday so i didn't have my license on me . good thing i had my insurance and registration though . they were really looking for a reason to book my black ass though . they asked my white friend < PROPFIRST > stephens who i was giving a ride to school if he was okay 5 times in one minute . 
( 3/3)\ 
now my car really looks like shit and something in da back is making a fucking dragging sound and my home boi is trying to tell me not to fucking sweat it . haha ... yea fucking right . i'm sweating this shit\ 
signed , \ 
deonate oshae < PROPFIRST > 
fyi ... when i got pulled over it didn't help that the next song that played on my ipod was Fuck Da Police by NWA . and my nigga < PROPFIRST > turned it down just enough so the people could still hear it , but the cops could talk over it lol ...... jk . that part didn't happen , but if it did i would have been fuuuuuuuuuuuccccckkked , with no < PROPMALE > of parol lol . 
it turns out < PROPMALE > Torres showed up and was breathing down grace's neck asking her for her picture .... or so randol says 
super craving a philly cheesesteak pizza from dominos right now with those chocolate cake thingies 
is it just me or has anyone watched that creep music video and noticed everytime niggas be creeping all of a sudden ?.... lol [ nervous laughter ] 
let's get shit straight : fuck the packers and fuck the steelers . neither one is the seahawks so i don't give a damn .... that being said fuck the steelers even more so i'm glad that they didn't win .... in yo face nugguh ... the look on the steelers coach's face when the game ended but the score kept getting so close was priceless :) 
\my momma said to tell you to ..... MIND YOUR OWN DAMN BUSINESS BIIITCH ! STUPID BIIITCH ! DUMB BIIIITCH ! 2 PLUS 2 NOT KNOWING WHAT THE FUCK IT IS BIIIITCH ! LONG TITTY NO NIPPLE HAVING BIIITCH !... then it was a trip cuz all my friends where in the background like 
maaaan .... all i gotta say is fuck that hypocrite as nigga Wocka Flocka Flame , talking bout , \rhymes don't make dollars and raps\ " . stupid bitch nigga ! all you are doing is rhyming for money you hypocrite . you ain't saying shit up in your lyrics . it's bitch's like you who are fucking up the game and the music industry " 
At da court house speaking on house < PROPMALE > 1697 ( unannounced visitation ) 
finally got my own laptop .... things is happening da way they should be =] 
all i gotta say is : < PROPFEMALE > vs capcom 3 ..... MOTHAFUCKING LIMITED EDITION !!! 
chilling in da bistro at Highline cc , talking to females , and listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \Do You Remeber\ " ..... so chill right now " 
dear MC2 , \ 
what would you do if some girl you were talking to all of a sudden said she didn't like you no more , and you tried to be cool bout it and txt and say you guys could still be friends but she never responds lol ? or what would you do if 90% of da cats in one of your college classes talks shit bout you behind your back lol ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > II\ 
I woke up wit da coldest cramp under my right shoulder blade ... It feels like I pulled a muscle 
i hope your fans understand that when you talk bout spraying me , \ 
the same records that you are making\ 
is paying me , \ 
mothafuck dre , mothafuck snoop , mothafuck deathrow , \ 
nigga , now here comes my left blow\ 
-Eazy E 
temperature rising . niggas blinded by my lyrical disguise . no time to plot retreats , niggas shiver and die . multiple rounds found laced in his body and faced . rapped in plastic , the acid erased all trace . criminal tactics , the rap game became so drastic . military minds , blast all hoes that blasted . \ 
-2pac on street fame 
if we bleed then they suffocate , choking in terror . so we strive to seek our lives that are reflected in mirrors . the prophecy is clear . niggas lock and load and dissapear . we stratagize with no fear , waging war for years . the crack game wasn't big enough , ready to rush . bitch made mothafuckas get murdered and touched\ 
those 3 on 3 basketball pick up games were hittin last night . of course it goes without saying that me , ish , and < PROPFIRST > were destined to win . afterall it was a team comprised of the only black people out on da court lol . no hard feelings koolaid and geo . if it were soccer you guys would have definately won dat shit ! 
don't you hate it when you are taking a test and your super black friend doesn't know how to whisper , and he tries to ask you for the answer and everyone looks at you like you did something ? damn ..... black people . yall need to learn how to use a whispering voice 
how many bullet wounds you have don't make you a G . how many times you been stabbed don't make you a thug . how many shots you fired off or how many times you been arrested don't make you hood . cats need to realize that it's all an aquired mentality , loc . i seen enough niggas dead to know da hood has no mercy nomatter who you are . besides that ; the real power ain't in bullets , it's in da heart and da knowledge , G 
i'm waiting for the day some gay ass song like a < PROPFIRST > beiber song comes on , then 10 seconds into it i hear lil < PROPFIRST > say , \stop ! it's the mothafucking remix\ " and all of a sudden it's a song worthy to be hood single #1 " 
niggas be warned . don't bump lil < PROPFIRST > around your white friends and don't bump him round your white-washed friends . they can't handle it . it makes them do crazy shit like a virgin at < PROPFEMALE > gras with a fifth of henney spilled down the front of his shirt and a bottle of vodka in his left hand . just don't do it , unless you are prepared for the consequences .... 
i never thought i'd hear myself say , \ 
yall go ahead , i think i'm gon kick it wit my girl today ( kick it wit my girl today)\ 
i use to be commander in chief\ 
on my pimp ship flying high ( flying high)\ 
till i met this pretty little missle\ 
that shot me out da sky ( ooooh shot me out da sky ) 
I feel fucking great ever since I started at least an hour of weight lifting at the Y everyday .... Hmmm ... This soreness can't be too good for my body though , but it hurts so good :) 
dear facebook friends , \ 
STOP SENDING ME RETARDED FUCKING EVENT INVITES THAT AREN'T ACTUALLY REAL EVENTS e.i. purple hat pimp day , gator boots tuesday , bed-head friday and shit like that . if it isn't an actually event where all the nigga , homegirls , and/or family is gon be there i don't even wanna see it pop up on my FB\ 
thanks and much love , \ 
Loc D 
i remember the first time that i came to this park . \ 
it was one day last may , \ 
i saw you looking like a star ... \ 
i'll never forget the scent\ 
of your purfume . \ 
girl , i just gotta see you agaaaaain 
girl , i just gotta see you agaaaain ... \ 
to ask you may i have a < PROPMALE > to be wit you ? \ 
girl , i'll never forget\ 
the time i heard the good neeeews . \ 
now i'm waiting in da park , \ 
waiting by the dooock . \ 
i gotta see you agaaaaain ( ooooh ) 
was in the studio last night for about 3 to 4 hours . never been so happy as i was in the studio , except for when i spend time with my sister < PROPFEMALE > who i rarely see =) 
