I can lead the nation with a Microphone . 

Just wanted all of those out there that consider me a friend to know that I truly appreciate your friendship . 
is Failing at mah banjo at the current 
is bbq-ing under a door being propped-up by bed parts . 
http://icanhascheezburger.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/funny-pictures-cat-loves-sparkling-string.jpg 
Just updated his status using his Wii . 
was booted and now has to play interwebs on his wii . 
I don't know how close the rest of you are to summoning a dragon of your own , in Castle Age , but I have the necessary items as well as the ability to do so with in the next 10 hours or so . Since , to keep success rate , as high as possible I think it is wisest to only have one on the field at a time feel welcome to stop me from summoning on if you would like to summon your own . 
Has attempted to start the ball rolling on his high school diploma . 
1 and 1/2 predicted feet of snow ... Its begining to look alot like MONTANA ! 
Full day ... 
bleached my hair , and was able to watch color seep back into it ... almost disturbing . 
just made m'self a ghetto couch out of a matress and some rope ... here hoping it holds up . 
GOt toasted had me my first enjoyable halloween in years . 
Just got home from Boondock Saints 2 ... Not bad . 
Am I the only one that has to refrain from reading . org as dot-orgy ? Also if I am not alone , who thinks this sound like an amusing concept ? 
Eben < PROPMALE > , I have to thank you for your becoming a fan of H.P. Podcraft ... It is just awesome . 
To all my farmvillians , I needs me five more presents to get full up ... PLease sends me some . 
Just saw Avatar , I actually wept for their planet and for the glimpse at what ours may have looked like . We have killed our mother and forsaken our father . 
Just mangled his thumb on slicer ... banjo will be strange for a while . 
I got myself straight razors last night , haven't used them yet , but cut myself with a normal disposable ... 
know this silly but i am getting old and the memory is fading HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! ( Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! ) Before you do that , answer for me ! 
When did the real world become so much liike the internet ? I am waiting for the first news article to proclaim in big bold letters , in the headline , President called a nooob , only response was FIRST ! Later troll at whitehous party rickroll'd many guest and told first lady quote \UR GAY ! \"" 
four generals left , and my full staft will be < PROPMALE > level . 
Man I can feel all of the stress of the world melt away as I lsten to Dead Me Downs , everyone who like rock needs to check it out . 
Speaking of miscon , who should I make the check out to , for PreReg ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > you abso-fuckin-lutely need to check this out . Its the onld Hitchhikers guide text game in a cool animation setting . 
must learn to futterwackin ... 
In memory of a 19 yr . old < PROPFEMALE > buried today , and countless others who have given this country their lives !! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this in memory of all fallen < PROPFEMALE > s & soldiers . 
< PROPFEMALE > Richardson I will be out of the game for a little bit , my ouse just bit it , and I have to use the built in one ... I will be back up within a day or two hopefully , also , the next project we do , we should do the rice one . 
Is calling forth the rath of the rain gods ... Full Force . 
< PROPFEMALE > J . Smith and < PROPMALE > Veto * in a falsetto gravely voice * My names < PROPFEMALE > , I guess its on facebook now . 
I scurrently looking for noir fils to watch ... Please any suggestion helps . 
Please put this on your status if you \ 
know , or are related to , someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish \ 
for 2010 is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is \ 
aband of terrorist scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to \ 
thegalaxy but these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in \ 
white ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your \ 
status for at least one hour ? 
whelp ... bleachin the ol ' noggin . 
Got settled into my room at miscon ... Its the same one I drank whiskey in last year , with my favorite author , < PROPFIRST > Brust . 
Gots meh some new earings . Arrr ! 
Why is Miscon over ? It only just started . 
I'm glad I'm easy to get along with ... I accidently walked out on my < PROPMALE > at a restraunt ... I called up the owner and he was all like \you'll take care of it next time ... its not like you aren't always here . \"" 
Haha finally has a couch I can call my own . 
Peroxiding my ears ... PLOP PLOP FIZZ FIZZ \OH GOD WHY IS IT SO COLD ?!? \"" 
Nothing beats forgetting to account for something moneywise and overdrawing you bank acount by just enough to not be able to bring back level . 
I going to Toy Story 3 today . 
Toy Story 3 was quite good , I would recommend anyone who is interested in checking it out to do so . 
getsing me some inks next week ... ... ... YAY !!! 
WARNING !!! \ 
FB IS MESSING AROUND AGAIN !!! Go to the top rightof your screen , \ 
click Account & then click Edit Friends . Go to the left side of \ 
your screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone # is beingpublished . \ 
Please repost to let your friends know of this < PROPFIRST > . 
Whelp time to repaint the nails ... I'm going with black this time . 
Getting Mah Tattoo Today !!! 
Had all of his power turn off and then heard an explosion 45 minutes ago . 
Damn this cough ... but I'm getting a tat today so I got that going for me . 
Am going to watch my repressed christian manager get some ink to stick it to her parents on thursday ... W00t ! 
Watched Despicable Me today ... Would Reccomend . 
There are not enough words to describe how much I love Rock Creek Lodge . Good people beautiful surroundings , and competent bar tenders . 
So frustrated with work , I cant even eat ... I am also rendered speachless . 
Man , I am so happy with my newest tattoo , much more awesome than I thought it was going to be ... And as soon as < PROPFEMALE > J . Smith gets off of her lazy hoo-hoo , I will have some pics of it and its brother . 
Man , just got back from a two day unplanned camping trip . Drank a bottle of peppermint schnapps the first day , and half a bottle of Jameson today . 
Oh man , just back back from an almost successful float trip . 
Trimmed mah head and had the rest braided . 
Goin to get the tats touched up . 
It always disturbs me when the toilet has more trouble passing waste than I did . 
Quick plug your butt with this clove of garlic . 
i'm so happ this world has people like Hayao Miyazaki in it . His < PROPMALE > and storytelling make me happy to be alive . 
Got mah new tats ... updated mah profile pic . 
\Nice tits . Can I take a shit on them ? \ " roflmao . " 
POOP ! AMADAN is coming to Missoula the same night as the Dead Me Downs Show ... POOP ! 
Oh man , going to Amadan tonight ... Got all punked up and everything , trimmed my head down found my collar ... Wearing the pants that show my tattoo . 
http://bash.org/?126273 
Was just in a minor accident , no one was hurt but the insurance card in our car was expired ... ... 
< PROPMALE > Veto http://bash.org/?642195 
YARRR ! FUCK YOU MINECRAFT ! 
Well , its time for the hair to go green ... I may actually be able to pull off pink though , this bleach we used this time got my hair much lighter and was cheaper as well . 
Just pulled off a chunk of tooth with dental floss ... Gonna have dentures by the time he is 30 . 
Well ... Chopped the hawk ... * sad face * 
is having a day that makes him want to take the lead train to sleepytown . 
MAH INTERNETS FUCKING BACK BITCHES !!! 
PLEASE - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . 
It taste like evil ... Not like deep evil , but like peeing on a door nob evil . 
< PROPFEMALE > J . Smith I am making the pot pie filler ... used just a little Kraken Rum ... Oh my God you might need to change your pants after you eat this . 
Kraken Rum For The Win ! 
nothing say cool like a soft pack of cigarettes . 
Just played like 30 mins of just dance 2 ... It has an exercise regime on it ... I think I may have found a solution to my weight . 
I think oranges may well be my favorite fruit . 
\I am not Jesus Christ but I can turn water into cool-aid . \"" 
Just finished my week \sweat goal\ " on just dance 2 ... I did it in four days instead of seven ... I think I need to do the harder program next week . " 
Alright suckas the mohawks back ! 
I always want to make fun of my friends ' friends when they post something on my friends ' status ... It's really hard to keep a civil tongue on the internet . 
Fuck today ! Got my internet turned on after a typo got it shut off , found out my hot water is frozen ( luckily only the hot ) and to top it all off I can't check my bank account online . 
