Quicks the word and sharps the action . After all , the Surprise is on our side . 

thouroughly enjoyed watching the thunderstorm through her window last night . 
is leaving for Missouri early Saturday morning and will miss all of you greatly . 
is in Missouri !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!! The water is amazing !!!!!!!!!!!! 
has a headache . Oh the joy . 
Yay !!!! < PROPFEMALE > is here !!!! 
is super tired after last night 
is lonely . 
\I don't know . I don't speak wind . \ " - < PROPMALE > from Ice Age 3 " 
is all packed for Awanita and cant wait to leave ! 
thinks 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:3 -4 is a very encouraging passage of srcipture for young ladies in this day and age . 
is so thankfull !!! Margs surgery is over and she is staying the night in the hospitol . She is recovering very well and the nodule was benign . Thanks for your prays . 
is at Amandas house !!! 
is disappointed . 
is totally super excited and cant wait for the 21st of August !!!! 
didnt get nearly enough sleep last night . 
watched < PROPFEMALE > finish her graphite drawing of a beautiful horse 
shool just started this morning . Im kind of sick all ready 
Birthday tomorrow . Woohoo . 
\Live without the sunlight . Love without your haertbeat . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Bowie " 
\Y'know ? \"" 
had a doctors appointment today . Glad its over with . They had to prick my finger . 
:) is happy :) 
is disappionted . :( 
bleah . School . 
is home alone 
is waiting 
< PROPMALE > headache 
its just different 
is stunned 
is scaring herself 
doesnt know 
is deleriously happy !!! 
\Who's the fairest in the land\ " games don't always turn out so nice . " 
just wok up 30 minutes ago . 
\It seemed he never coul redeem from such a steadfast spell his ladys eyes ... \"" 
Yo det < PROPFEMALE > r < PROPFEMALE > lengua 
is fortunate that she is not in college or she wouldnt be sitting perusing facebook . 
\A leaf falls here and there . No one notices till the tree is bare . \"" 
has to read fifteen pages of the most boring history book in world 
is leaving on Monday 
Flavisham ! 
OW !!! Sheep , you lied !!! 
\Are you sure this wont in any way emancipate me from my ridiculous striped pants ? \"" 
is glad that she is back from Charelston . 
School is practice for the future , and practice makes perfect . But nobody's perfect , so why practice ? 
had more fun than I thought I would at the Fall Festival . Pehaps it was due to seeing some unexpected faces . :D 
\My brother ! Canst thou sommon up th every rocks ? \"" 
Every time I'm down you can make it right and that makes you larger then life . 
is thankfull for the rain . 
is saying thank you to all the veterans . 
......... stupid headache ....... stupid sickness ........... stupid stupid stupid . 
Beta beat < PROPFEMALE > on Saturday ! Yay !!! 4 to 1 ! 
That whispering sound you hear when snow falls is actually the sighing cry of dying snowflakes . 
All of my family are hypocrites . But not me . I admit that I'm a hypocrite and don't try to deny it . 
statuses are overated . And of course thats why I put up a status . 
going to the Turkey Bowl !!! Soccor is so fun ! 
Beta beat Basilion !!! The rest of my fam is not so happy with the outcome . :D 
Thanksgiving break starts tomorrow !!! 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > and happy Thanksgiving ! 
Thanksgiving beak !!! 
cried when I watched Master and Commander last night . 
is undecided . 
whatever 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just missed seeing a cyote run across the yard . 
is so ready for Christmas break 
Doesn't like the dark the very much . 
95% of teens would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Bieber at the top of a skyscraper about to jump . Copy and paste this if you are part of the 5% that would sit there with popcorn and a camera and yell \DO A FLIP \"...." 
Tomorrow is my last day of school !!! 
has one more exam tomorrow before schools out for Christmas break !!! Please pray for me . It's Geometry .... 
just finished school . Had to take a Geometry exam . Oh the excitement . 
is delightfully surprised ! 
just got my hair cut . Now I have bangs ! 
is loving the fringe 
is feeling like the < PROPFEMALE > of the Blah's . 
knows she shouldn't be feeling like this so near Christmas but she is . 
is feeling good and can't wait for Christmas ! 
\It may be raining but theres a rainbow above you . You better let somebody love before its too late . \"" 
\Name a shrub after me . Something dangerous and prickly and hard to eradicate . \"" 
is kind of underwhelmed 
is watching her sisters make a quilt-excitement . 
started school today and read two whole books , one half book , and another half book , all for fun . 
feels like she could very well be the banana < PROPMALE > . 
would rather chew glass . 
If a picture paints a thousand words then why can't I paint you ? 
\Come down off your < PROPFEMALE > Fortress Stong Bad --------------- A Unicorn is waiting for you at a Rainbow Bridge ........... \ " You get Fench fries !!!! You get French fries !!!!! You don't get French fries !!!!! " 
I spent all day yesterday helping Dad redo our side porch and my back is killing me 
\The government that governs best governs least . \"" 
When you say you love me the world goes still so still inside and when you say you love me for a moment I know why I'm alive . 
has come to a sudden realization that has amazingly lifted my spitits ! 
I don't believe in < PROPFIRST > Pan , Frankenstien , or Superman . All I want to do is-bycicle ! Bycicle !!! 
is sure she is forgetting something but can't remember what ...... OH YES !!! She cut < PROPFEMALE>'s hair today ! It's above her < PROPFEMALE > and looks amazing ! 
scored a 120 today at bowling . 
cant do the stupid science fair board !!!!!!!! And its due Thursday !!! Grrrrrr ! 
bleah ...................................................................... science . 
won the first place ribbon in the science fair today . Now I can stop stressing over it . 
just about froze my toes off at my sisters soccor games . 
get to see my big sis today ! 
spending the night at my granparents . Homeschooling sure has its perks . 
\Nonsense ! Your only saying that because no one ever has . \"" 
wishes she knew the words to the Song of the Entwives . 
us watching LOTR again . 
usually finds great inspiration in the LOTR movies . Not so today apparently . Everything I write is awfll . Maybe I'll try drawing .... 
will hopefully soon have 89 friends instead of only 88 . 
is watching Survivor . The Villians just won a challenge . 
is being spectator for a debate between my imaginary friends and the voices in my head . Be jealous . Be very jealous . 
I feel quite left out . 
There never was a tale of greater woe then that of < PROPFEMALE > and her < PROPMALE > . 
But the man who are signed of the cross of Christ go gaily in the dark . 
is reading about Hondo < PROPFIRST > . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is not made of green cheese . It's made of cake . A common misconception but it's easily corrected . 
Babe I'm leaving . Must be on my way . The time is drawing near . 
I'll take any risk to tie back the hands of time and stay with you here to night . 
Those \nyahs\ " get down in your stomach and fester . " 
just got back from the Easter service . It was amazing . 
Deep into that darkness peering , long I stood there , wondering , fearing , doubting , dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before . 
I almost have all of The < PROPFEMALE > memorized ! Just in time too , I have to perform it in two weeks . 
Oh frabjous day ! Callou , callay ! 
What ? A llama ? He's supposed to be dead ! 
If the phantom of the opera can't get It's a Small World out of his head he is going to freak out 
Whatever doesn't kill you simply makes you ... stranger . 
Those who seek wisdom in old age is like a < PROPFIRST > in the sand . Those who seek wisdom in youth is like an inscription on stone . 
I just don't understand people who like summer . It's hot and boring and there is absoutely nothing to do . Sure you can have friends over but only if they all happen to be free when you are . 
A less perceptive person would think I was insane . 
Why does summer have to be so hot ?!?! 
\I am exhaused from living up to your expectations . \"" 
A . B . and the C . of D . 
As Bobo says , \The crazy Swedes are back in Branson ! \"" 
Do you know why a < PROPFEMALE > is like a writing desk ? 
Lovely . Just lovely . 
I will be leaving for Missouri next morning . Bye 
I'm getting all my hair chopped off at two this afternoon ! 
I'm waiting for the right time , for the day I catch your eye , to let you know that I'm yours to hold . 
I'm back ! Hold the applause . 
Take yourself to higher places ! 
Can't wait till Wednesday ! 
Actually I don't have to wait till weds ! It all ready happened ! 
New car , caviar , four < PROPFEMALE > daydream .... 
From the corner of my eye there is a tear I'm trying to cry . 
I wonder what tomorrow has in mind for me , or am I even in it's mind at all .... 
Can you feel the phoenix rising ? 
doesn't start school till the 23 ! 
I just finished making the most amazing chocolate chip cookies . 
Life is an ocean , love is a boat . In troubled waters it keeps us afloat . 
First day of school and already finished . Go home schoolers ! 
can't think of anything to say .... 
' Cause I'd get a thousand hugs from ten-thousand lightning bugs . 
Love ain't breezy it's a howlin ' wind . 
Just saw The Sorcerors Apprentice for the second time . Loved it ! 
And who can say why your heart cries when your love lies ? Only time ... 
\Natha daged dhaer ! \"" 
The poor , the poor , the poor , they stand , /Wedged by the pressing of Trade's hand , /Against an inward opening door/That pressure tightens evermore ; /They sigh a monstrous , foul air sigh/For the outside leagues of liberty , /Where < PROPMALE > , sweet lark , translates the sky/Into a heavenly < PROPFEMALE > . - < PROPFIRST > Lanier 
Here I am , dear Lord , tasting hints of fame\ 
And I don't want it anymore \ 
If it's not you that I gain\ 
-Rocket Summer 
Goodbye facebook world ! I won't see y'all again till Sunday afternoon . 
I am still exhausted . 
Even a perfect day can end in rain . 
Every day may not be good , but there is something good in every day . 
Like sunlight burning at midnight making my life something so beautiful , beautiful . 
I was having a slight difficulty typing yesterday because I sliced my finger open trimming flower stems . At least the flowers turned out ok ! 
Bored , bored , bored . And yes I have school , but I don't want to do it . 
There is something about < PROPFEMALE > sunlight filtering through the slowly changing leaves that is indescribable . 
It's October ! It's supposed to be cooler than this !!! 
is thankful that it seems to finally be cooling down . 
Listening to RyanDan . They are amazing !!! 
My pet rock died today . :'( 
There's a peck here with an acorn pointed at me ! 
Victim of love I see a broken heart , and I could be wrong but I'm not , no I'm not . Victim of love , we're not so far apart . Show me what kind of love have you got . -Eagles 
Tired after practice but I also feel really good if that makes any sense . 
\Please 
I may have a < PROPMALE > to get a job !!! 
It's so fluffy I'm gonna die !!! 
Life is good . 
I can't believe we lost to the Upstate Eagles ! I hope we do better this Friday . 
Game day ! I'm already nervous . :/ 
Yay !!! We won 38-26 ! I also fouled the same girl three times in thirty seconds but whatever .... 
Getting ready to leave for the Turkey Bowl ! Go < PROPMALE > !!! 
Poor , poor Basilean ... 6-0 ... what a pity .... 
Reading the Imitation of Christ by Thomis a Kempis for history this week and next . I only have three days of school before break ! 
is thankful for curly hair that looks okay no matter what I do to it . 
I am lauhging right now at this football game . Do people seriously watch this stuff ? Like , what in the world ? 
Watching the Jungle Book with < PROPMALE > Cleese . Real good movie y'all! 
For every time you fall apart\ 
There'll be a soul to guide your journey\ 
But if you choose to turn away\ 
There in the mirror\ 
You'll see my face\ 
-RyanDan 
My team won the tournament game today !!! 
Just < PROPFIRST > an amazingly cute zebra on the back of my sheet of biology terms . Probably will transfer it to my sketchbook later . 
Have two basketball games today . JV and varsity . We're so gonna win !!! 
So , yeah ... we lost both games . Drat it all and botheration ! 
Lost yesterdays game to the Upstate Eagles . 
Oh dear . I seem to be having a slight coughing problem . 
Well , the JV lost 18-16 but Varsity won 38-33 . Pretty disappointed that we lost to the Hurricanes . 
Had way more fun at the GCA upper school and staff Christmas Party than I expected . And I love Lindor Truffles ! 
There was much rejoicing . 
:D That's all I've got to say . :D 
I changed my mind . :( 
All dressed up and ready to go . 
WOW . Just went for a test drive in my new pajamas . These things go WAY faster than my old ones . 
So , it turns out I did not need to wake up at seven o'clock after all . ~ sigh ~ 
is frustrated . 
is loving homeschooling . 
is tired . 
Farewell ! I go to find the Sun . 
Yay ! The Gaurdians Varsity guys beat < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! 
Theyr'e taking the Hobbits to Isengard ! 
And I've no idea were that day gone went . Yet I know that it's time well spent . 
GCA Lions just beat BRCA Warriors 28-21 ! 
I fear neither death nor pain . 
I hate comeing home to a house completly deviod of prepared food . Oh , and we won 43-21 and the varsity guys won 54 ? -41 
When you fall in a bottemless pit you die of starvation . 
Sometimes ... wizards are so awesome it hurts . 
\Cheerleaders gone ! Now I can date science fiction < PROPMALE > again !!! \"" 
Aira Aldaron ! I have a tournement next week and I won't be able to watch any of the guys games due to conflicting schedules ! 
I hate it when the little voices argue with my imaginary friends . 
Oh , so , we won Thursdays game 48-16 and the varsity guys won 73-59 . And I made two beautiful freethrows . 
Ok , two things I can't stand right now : being an only and Valentines Day . 
I have another basketball tournement later this week . Oh , the joy and the < PROPFEMALE > . lol 
I thought I was better but my sneaky cough decided to launch a super secret stealth attack this morning . 
Twenty-nine . 
Thirty-four . 
Hope is a dangerous thing .... 
AQUADEXTROUS . 
Disconfect . 
It's astounding how long it takes tea kettle full of water to boil . 
< PROPFEMALE > . 
We are the Kings and Queens .... 
Smile for a purpose and worry not becuase it has none ... 
Poor little fly , why do you cry ? Caught in a web . Soon you'll be-eaten . 
Time isn't healing/Pretty sick of staring at my ceiling/I can't help the way I feel about you .... 
That must mean it's my un-birthday too ! 
All that is gold does not glitter . Not all those who wander are lost . 
Drums . Drums in the deep . They are coming .... 
