busssy 

got my tux order for the prom 
catsss 
no idea what to do 
what dose carpentry have to do with a daily life ? Lets think . A carpenter builds homes . Daily life we build friendship . carpenter repairs homes . Daily life we repair old friendship or lost friendships . 
Wish i have more of a life then to be on the laptop all the time ! 
I maybe what ever you call me . But Im < PROPFIRST > I am proud of it . I may be diffrent but arent we all . At most I bleave in myself and others . Thats important to me . It is my life . 
home ... wish i had friends that i could go over there house but they all ways say there busy ... oh well more lazy time on the laptop 
cleaning room 
if you need to contact me please call me i am on duty 24/7 when im home . If you dont have my number message me and ill give it to you . 
vary board not knowing what to do . my my what am i going to do with myself 
what to do what to do on this rainy day 
going to eat ill be back on maybe a half hour or less 
being me as i all ways am trying to do 
lessoning to < PROPMALE > Rogers 
Was drafted for a part in the drama play 
going to play PS3 for abit be on after that 
got shoe polish for my dress shoes so i can shine them for prom when it comes up 
\Sometimes goodbye is a second chance . \"" 
Our minds are a simple thing . But we make it so compucated . No wonder why im a compucated person . xD 
Going to play my Gitar 
Well Im going to take my own hand in working on music . 
back home from a 3 hour walk 
going to fix my bike then take a ride ill def be back before 7PM 
All I want out of life is 4 animals A mink on my back , a jaguar in the garage , a tiger in the bed , and a jackass to pay for it all 
Going to have a long boreing nothing to do weekend 
Pope < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > II Dies today in history in 2005 . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > II , history's most well-traveled pope and the first non-Italian to hold the position since the 16th century , dies at his home in the Vatican . 
be on later 
Anyone know where appartments are for rent . becuse im starting not to be able to deal with no one in my household . 
got my bike fixed now i can go places . Going to take a ride will head back home around 5 
My bike is fixed now i can go place to place . 
going to be up in my room doing nothing today ... oh well one more day until school . gees what am i going to do with my summer vacation ... Sleep time 1:55 AM to 9ish AM 
Sleeping meds did not work . which was strange they all ways worked 
at my laptop now 
On this day in 1942 , the Japanese infantry stage a < PROPMALE > offensive against Allied troops in Bataan , the peninsula guarding Manila Bay of the Philippine Islands . 
All 30 eggs are out for the hunt ... i woke up at 6 to hide them ... hehehe NO ONE WILL FIND THEM ... wait a < PROPFEMALE > they will all be fount 
I will be going down town to see if i can find a conector for my camra . 
i can now upload pics from my camra 
AIM me if i dont respond on facebook 
going to try to finnish New < PROPFEMALE > 
finish new < PROPFEMALE > 
dont know where id be in life . With out my few friends . 
going to watch new < PROPFEMALE > due to i finished it last night at 11 
finish watching New < PROPFEMALE > it was better then Twilight abit . Needs to go more with the book i say . Well maybe they will when they start on the 3rd movie . 
what to do what to do 
nothing to report on 
Apr 5 , 1906 - The Senate oligarchy is broken , and Senator < PROPFEMALE > is leading one Republican faction , while Senator Aldrich leads the other . ... < PROPFEMALE > and Aldrich leading opposing ' hosts in the Senate . however , is of all others the one most certain to make old onlookers sit up and rub their eyes . 
the way im treated by some hurt me . But i get stronger every day and try to learn that no one can be perfict 
On April 9 , 1865 , Confederate Gen . < PROPFIRST > E . < PROPFIRST > surrendered his army to Union Gen . < PROPMALE > S . < PROPMALE > at Appomattox Court House in < PROPFEMALE > 
sis in-law went to the ER this morning 
Sister inlaw is ok she was dignosed with mono 
God how could I forget !? Today marks the day the Depertment of Fox ( DoF ) was established . Today was all so declered by the International Council \Thunders Day\ " In memory of the 1st Commandment Katara Thunders and 2nd Commandment < PROPFEMALE > Thunders died in office about a year apart . I fount a sister of Katara Thunders and sworn her in to the office . I rather keep the Assistent Commandment Office for now . " 
just think ..... what are we thinking about ??? OHHHH WELLL 
Follow me on Twitter http://twitter.com/General_Neko 
myYearbook Causes My rank is Benefactor Total donated : L$ 334,537 End Child Abuse 462 mg of < PROPMALE > bear stuffing bought Help Cure Cancer 218 millisecs of research time purchased Support Our Troops 2,540 mg of care package bought Autism : Help Solve the Puzzle 4,730 millisecs of research time bought Cure Diabetes 4,780 millisecs of research time bought Promote World Peace 506 millisecs of peacekeeping bought 
in a somewhat bad mood ... feeling depreassed . feeling depressed i cant spell depreased ..... cant take meds until tommorow due to it can over dose . GEEES i can live with it i did for 13 years ... help meeeeeee . 
feeling abit better 
no idea no idea 
Well now that there is vacation i did not remember i had until today .... well looks like a week in my room . Maybe the kid will get some brains before the school file a police report for me . 
Most recent news ... grrr I had to file a School Incdent Report for harassment and sexual harassment , My related class against me . I am ordered to not go to related until this is settle . Now ill have related in TOR but at least i will not lose credit for the class ... 
Today the main person was harassing me was suspended from school . Father talken to and GF yelled at . Well he deserved that for picking on me . It seems like i also got one of the class mates to change sides and help me from being harassed all the time . 
We all think about bullying ones that aturly care or ones that are bullyed . There is only one day set aside for general bullying but i think we need to keep it going for more then one day becuse a day cant spread a meassage . Well I am going to try my hand at this I am makeing the ABTF [ Anti-Bullying Task Force ] Group on face book send it to everyone you know . Ill post it when im done with it . 
the ABTF is made and 4 members in . Search ABTF [ Anti-Bullying Task Force ] or look for invite i sen to everyone . 
High school incidents not dropping with a 15 per cent reporting one to three bullying incidents in the last month . Recent bullying statistics admit that half of all bullying incidents go unreported . 100,000 students < PROPFEMALE > a gun to school bullying statistics say . In a recent study , 77% of the students said they had been bullied . And 14% of those who were bullied said they experienced severe reactions to the abuse . 
a nothing day 
the ABTF went over the 10 member < PROPFIRST > . The ABTF is now at a big 14 members . Keep passing it on to your friends mothers and fathers anyone . 
Bad dream kept me up mostly all night 
going to try to sleep not going to take my sleeping meds so i can wake up from a bad dream then live with watching it . Which i had not have a bad dream sence i was 9 years old . 
Plans today : none tommorow : none the whole week : none 
I been court marshaled by the Department of Fox and fount gilty for Code 57 ... 
Feeling better then ever for some reason lol 
got code 57 appeled 
I think im going to go to sleep forever right now 
dont know what to do ... 
well my feet hurt and i think i will call some people mainly my doctor 
Computer Tec Right now 
im selling some things to get money for my self 
anyone want to buy something gamecube or a gateway profile 5.5 desktop PC ? 
nothing much abit of back pain hopeing will be gone for tommorow for shop . 
Join Celtic Thunder Pipes and Drums and Celtic Thunder Youth Pipe-Band for the 2nd Annual < PROPFEMALE > Ball . Saturday May 8 , 2010 6:00 PM to Midnight . At the Sturbridge Host Hotel Grand Ball Room . CELTIC DANCERS , TOASTING the HAGGIS , CELTIC FIDDLE MUSIC FORMAL DINNER , SILENT AUCTION , DANCING to the sounds of PARTY ZONE and much more . 
No idea got pain still hopeing it be better tommorow if not I'm going to see the nurse see what she says about it 
back feels better just abit of tightness in the mussle 
Woundering if i dont work for the town this summer what i will do for a summer job ... 
Back is way better . Might be going for a walk with my mother down to right aid for somethings . 
Going on a walk with mom 
got home from walk with mother 
went for another walk with my mother 
hmmmmmmmmmmmm 
vary nice day indeed 
nothing to do so i dont know what to do 
music is important ... so is blood doations ... Look in to the Music Saves Lives at http://www.musicsaveslives.org/ 
vary hot i remember the day i spent in a hospital bed for unknown reason missing a day of school afther the day of soccer pratice 
dog is a dog , cat is a cat , tiger is a tiger , person is a person . theres one thing in common they all have a 2nd half of there life 
I got to put up many US flags up around the house . 
Applying for job at a country store in monson 
vary nice i have to take penicillin 4 times a day for 10 days . oh i turned in my first app for a job today . 
i have to get dressed up toomorow for a ball .... need to shave and everything 
getting ready for the ball wont be home around 1ish PM to 12 AM 
i learnt how to tie windsor knot . Its a tie knot for you's that dont know . 
Happy mothers day to all mothers and exspected to be mothers 
no idea ... wish i did have an idea ..... thats right Neko dose not have an idea 
live to speek but live the way you speek 
vary good prom i lived throw it . 
got photoshop up and runing 
Photoshop , I edit Pic's , make t-shirt desines , patch desines and make custom ranks for free . Just PM me or Email me at sgtaldrich@hotmail.com 
anyone want to help me figer out something to do tommorow ? 
REPOST : I pledge allegiance to the Flag of TheUnited States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : OneNation , under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's seehow many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost ? 
I am now doing a tattoo for a person with photoshop . not hard to do at all . 
challenge of the day ! : If a turtle loses its shell is it naked or homeless ? 
REPOST :\ 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of TheUnited States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to\ 
the Republic for which it stands : One Nation , under GOD , indivisible , \ 
With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND\ 
OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost ? 
watchig bro play his xbox 360 
thinking of writeing a story or something becuse my brain is being over run by ideas . 
i dont know ........ i feel so useless not being able to help her see what shes not . It hurts me just to see her sad in any < PROPFEMALE > way . Feels like i failed ..... and being thrown it to the fires of hell ... 
Bullying happens when adults arent around Still bullying rarely\ 
takes place without an audience kids are around to see bullying 85\ 
percent of the time\ 
But even though seen kids usually dont try to stop\ 
bullying That doesnt mean kids dont want to help two out of three\ 
kids want to help when they see bullying meaning that they dont\ 
know how . When friends help out bullying stops in ten seconds 57\ 
percent of the time 
Much better day today . Now that I'm working with my self to figer out my self is working quite well . The key is to be quiet and just let your mind wonder . It help better then really thinking about it . Sorry you had a bad night of worrying < PROPFIRST > i have never thought about doing anything that would hurt me . Not sence we started talking . Now im hungry ... * runs off to eat * 
The weekend of June 18 I'll be going to uper new york 
Alse Young ( sometimes cited as Achsah Young or < PROPFEMALE > Young ) ( b . cal 1600 ) ( died May 26 , 1647 ) of Windsor , Connecticut , was the first person in the records executed for witchcraft in the thirteen American colonies . 
I DOOOONNNNTTTT KNNNNNOOOOOWWWW xD =^^= 
To live is just a job , but to know what your liveing for is life . 
figering out what to do this weekend as for monday is called for by my dad 
going to store text me 
home doing nothing 
eating tuna 
Going over < PROPFIRST > house for a cook out . First cook out of the year for me then i have a cook out monday to . 
Had a grate time over at < PROPFIRST > house for a cook out . Thanks for leting me comeover Ms. Malouin 
hate it my cell wont send any text any more the stupid thing its a stupid $10 cell for $20 limited texting for the month ........... 
I think honoring all service men should not be narrowed down to a day\ 
or hour or the < PROPFEMALE > . It should never be narrowed down our country's\ 
honor is fought for by all the men and women that fight for it . So they\ 
deserve the same honor our country gets . Everyday honor . 
im going to Fort Ticonderoga in upstate New York on the 19th . meaning i will not be home on the 18 more likely . 
Doing DOD Level 1 Antiterrorism Training 
Completed DOD Level 1 Antiterrorism Training 
I had to pass 9 test with only one wrong ansswer to each test to pass for the DOD Level 1 Antiterrorism Training Certifcate 
working on something i dont know yet 
Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be . Each of us has the\ 
power to give life meaning , to make our time and our bodies and our\ 
words into instruments of love and hope . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Head 
If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , change your attitude . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
I am who i am but who i am is what i want to know . 
Working on something to keep me thinking 
Im working on writeing a book about a military high school . Need some names for char's . 
Is up still , yup ..... not tired at all . Its not that i dont want to sleep i just cant sleep . Its the heat i get sick in it . REALLY I cant deal with the heat at all it dose make me sick . I love the cold . 
Just finished shoping at hot topic online 
i watched a movie last night i dont remember the name of it but this boy has a heart failure and his father and mother brings him the th ER . Doctors say they have to choices . Give him meds to help him enjoy his last hours or a heart transplant . They take the heart transplant , they start paying for it but they decided to release the boy . The father ends up locking down the ER with a handgun . 
ahhh fount the name of the movie . If you want to see a moive that the father will go to the extreams to save his only boy from dieing watch < PROPFIRST > Q . 
< PROPFIRST > Q : Once his son arrives < PROPFIRST > reveals to the hostages his intention to\ 
commit suicide so his heart can be used to save his son . < PROPFIRST > loads a single bullet into the gun and pulls\ 
the trigger but the safety is on . As he holds the gun to his own head a\ 
second time and prepares to end his life his wife is told about a woman\ 
killed in a car crash , who happens to\ 
have the same blood type as Michae . 
Play tommorow at 7 . First play i will be acting in ....... hope i wont be bad ... 
the play was fine . I messed up a part ..... grrr sorry so sorry 
Going to go to a airsoft war tommorow . 
Will be going to upper new york this sat . 
They say true\ 
friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question\ 
their friendship . These types of friends pick up just like they spoke\ 
yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they\ 
live . Repost this if you are blessed to have at least one friend like\ 
this . 
Fort Ticonderoga was fun . 
army recruter comeing tommorow , Marines Recruter comeing wesday at 12 
I am what I am and what I am is what I am 
Waiting to take the asvab test if I have at least a 31 . I think I'm going to register for active duty marines now that when I get out of high school I'll go to basic . Plus active duty is only two years . 
I got my report card ........ And I'll be a senior this comeing school year 
Will be going to monsons fire works tommorow 
Events of Summer\ 
Jun , 25th Monson Fireworks\ 
July , 4th East Longmedow 4th July prade \ 
July , 5th Monson Summerfest \ 
July 6th-end of summer . Work Mon-Thur . 6AM-10ishAM Fri Class 12-2\ 
Weekend before school starts vacation to upper new york 
Updated Report On Events :\ 
East Longmeadow 4th of July March . Attending AS Celtic Thunder Mascot < PROPMALE > the lion . \ 
Monson Summerfest 5th of july . Attending AS myself . \ 
6th of July- a week before Summer ends Work Mon-Thur . School Fri . 
Going to be working at the monson developmental center for the summer 
Going for a walk in a bit please if you wish to contact me E-Mail me at eugenealdrich.tiger@gmail.com 
home home home ! ^^ 
Almost cooked my self on the grill the first time I cooked on it . 
going to be < PROPMALE > tommorow and monday . 
Tommorow praide and my brothers Birthday . 
In honor of our\ 
upcoming holiday : WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ... Please\ 
remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for\ 
you .. JESUS CHRIST and the AMERICAN SOLDIER . One died for your soul , the\ 
other for your freedom . If you agree .. copy and paste in your\ 
status .... GOD BLESS THE USA !!! 
first day of work tommorow 
Well first day of working went ok . Hated the heat . I moved 6 boxes 1 closet , 1 dresser , 1 hospital bed , 2 chairs , 3 fileing cab's . to diffrent buildings . 
New day of work .... This will be fun . 
I am liveing still . Finnished my first week of work . 
Tue . 8am-1pm Wed . 8am- 2pm thur . 8am- 2pm Fri . no school free day . 
I worked 7 to 2 today to get my two more hours done due to i do not need to go to school friday . 
YAY work week 2 finish . Next week is payday 
work tommorow 
Back to work . Moveing things out of a building that is being made for a emergency building . Be home around the 1- 1:30 ish range . 
was about to do an emergency bed move to the special care unit until it was cancle to move the person to wing hospital 
Doctors tommorow lets see if they can find out anything 
Got my first pay check today 
free from work !! Dad got a new truck a Ford F150 V8 year 2001 . Crew cab 
Going to be vary hot today . Family staying home . 
Accept conditions as they exist , or accept the responsibility for changing them . 
Work work and more work , oh well ... may go to six flags this sat . with my bro and sister in-law . 
Work work work ... -walks away- 
transferred from grounds to storehouse 
Well my 4th week of work is almost over ... one more week left . 
Work all done with for the week . More likely will be going to Six Flags Sat . 
going to six flags tommorow 
Six Flags was fun last night . I had a blast . 
last week of work 
not the last week the now i work until wesday next week 
Need a new OS for my laptop 
have to get a hair cut 
Father planing on a family pic soon 
Celtic Thunder Pipe-Band will be Performing in the Wales Olde Home Days Parade on Saturday August 14th ; > the Parade steps off at 10:00 a.m. > Check us out after the Parade as we'll be at the Festival just about all day ; > Look for the Celtic Thunder Tents at the Fair ... We'll be having FUN , this is what we do ; ) 
hey my cell number is 413-364-0832 if you cant get throw if your calling it means im at home so call my house phone . 
My dog < PROPMALE > is more likely dieing . He is hemorrhaging so ..... ehhh ...... helllllpppppp .... 
worked today it was fine finished a half hour early 
last day of work tomorrow 
Work over with . 
Well i have photoshop things to do . SOOOOO ILL BE BORED lol . NO MORE WORK . I can get more sleep in . 
what to dooo ... hmmmm fix my iPod touch 
The fair was good much smaller crowd this year . 
got hair cut . Gee when it was like when < PROPMALE > Black from twilight got his hair cut . A surprise 
Got my class schedule . \ 
i have my shop and theroy , along with reading strats , english , psychology , inter Alg , biotec/Mic and spanish I 
Geee I got my first Summons for Juror Duty ..... grrr 
Thinking of what to do 
next fri - sun il be in CT next to the sea 
-knocking at the door- me : what ? -more knocking at the door- me : What !? -more knocking at the door- me : takes off my ear phones just to find out it came from my ipod- 
will be gone for the weekend soon 
Done nothing in shop yet but watch the lower class men . Have a house to build starting some time at the end of the month . 
Now that I got my debit card tomorrow ill go get my school supples 
Ok i think i spent 30 to 40 bucks on school supply's 
Might look in to Military civilian jobs 
Government job with the Army under the student programs . Upon completing your educational program , you are eligible to apply for a full time Government civilian job with the Army . Seems nice i think ill try to apply 
feels like sh*t my nose is running like no tomorrow 
He doesn't use his facebook much anymore ! - Lexi 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against Child Abuse and Copy & Paste toyour status to invite your friends to do the same help us achieve and believe ! 
Is surprised I got a call from grandcannon university . 
Finished my state taxes . Monday I have to go get my federal taxes done and fix my masshealth . 
Got a TB External Hard drive 
Applied for the Criminal Justice Program at Holyoke Community College 
I asked my dad why i had two middle names to learn that the first middle is a religion name and the 2nd is one of the parents last name . But i do not have my moms last name but my dad's dad's last name in my name . Its good to learn more about my name . 
will be joining my brother at his shop after going to barber school 
starfleet < PROPFEMALE > Avivation Wing Squadron Leader , 2nd Lieutenant Aldrich 
learned that my bank has my ID on record 
going for a walk 
fingered out my ex is moveing back to monson with a ring on her finger 
Registered for GLSEN Event , Days of Action - Day of Silence 2011 
