Hopes everyone has a good time tonight . Just don't drink and drive people ! 

is so glad that school is out for 3 months ! 
misses her already . 
Can't wait for the warm < PROPFIRST > beaches 
wishes friday would hurry up and get here 
is having to go on a road trip with his parents and grandparents for two weeks ... one of the worst ways I can see two weeks of summer being used . 
need food 
Going down to oregon for two weeks . 
Can't wait for three weeks to go by 
Just got stung twice by some hornets that weren't messing around and now my ankle and calf are hurting pretty bad 
Can't wait for the next 15 days to go by . 
Is one week away from seeing her again :^) 
Going for a run . 6 < PROPMALE > should be fun ... ugh 
Good start for the Hawks 
How did the Sounders lose to that team ?... 
Go Hawks ! 
Going down to Ritter for the weekend with Steph and our moms . 
On this date 8 years ago lots of Americans lost their lives and we should remember that , but what bothers me is that no one seems to know , or care that Iraq experiences the equivalent of a 9/11 attack every week . 
Just got a lot of college info thrown at him and is thinking this is going to be a stress filled year . 
Is wondering how many Enumclaw kids are at Green River this year .... 
Done with my first day of school 
Not ready for another week of Cross and School . 
Rio de Janeiro ? really ?... now I am going to put up with a 10 hour flight to go down there to compete . lol 
Just got his phone stolen out of the Green River Locker room . Anyone mind texting the jerk to let him know how much of one he is ? 
I can't wait for next weekend already 
I miss you Steph . 
Doesn't feel well . 
no 9:00 class today again . Can't wait for friday 
Hopes this weird sickness/intestine pain passes so I can see Steph tomorrow . 
Spanish just got so much harder 
Wishes things would work out a little better 
Will be glad when mid-terms week is over . 
needs to get rid of some of lifes stress . 
Not looking forward to another week of school . At least the quarter is half way over now 
Glad its close to being the weekend , but is not looking forward to running at districts if this cold is still hanging around 
Is excited for college , just not applying 
I love , love , love birds ! 
Is hoping the snow lets up on the pass for at least 30 minutes 
I really should learn to exit out of my account . :( 
Found out a cool way to customize your profile : up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key 
Why to professors try to cram in big assignments before thanksgiving break ? 
Is glad she is coming home early for Turkey week 
I have to ask why we much write a 30 line long essay in first quarter spanish . 
Wishes all college applications were as easy as Centrals 
Is ready for things to start to get better 
Late night airport pick ups aren't exactly fun :-( 
We are trying to get rid of a punching bag . Its a 100 pound trainer that has hardly been used . Anybody want it ? 
Glad to have < PROPFEMALE > home safe and sound :^) 
Will be glad for this week to be done . 
Why was accelerations and 6X150's hard ? I wasn't the only one struggling either 
Is ready for this year and its difficulties to be over . 
School is really dragging me down this quarter . I'm definately going to a light load next quarter 
college spanish .... :^P 
Wishes Ellensburg and Enumclaw were closer 
Estoy enferma y quiero mi novia 
can't wait for next quarter 
< PROPFEMALE > jones is my favorite 
One day into Track and old nagging injuries surface again 
Ready for this quarter to be over . Probably one of the hardest schedules I at GR so far . 
Ready for this quarter to be over . Probably one of the hardest schedules I have had at GR so far . 
PLU had to go and seriously complicate things ... 
Can't wait for Spring Break to Start ! 
Today , I realized the only reason I remember how to spell therapist , is because together it spells The Rapist . MLIA 
Wishes life were more simple 
Wonders what everyone will think or already is about this 
What a week and a half it has been ! 
13 pages of worksheets for Spanish on top of nightly homework ?... really Flietes ? 
Its just one of those days 
Just broke my phone ... don't try to text me 
I activated another phone , so i should be able to take calls 
Good luck to everyone competing tomorrow at State ! 
It recently became apparent to me that the letters ' T ' and ' G ' are far too close together on a keyboard . This is why I'll never be ending an e-mail with the phrase \Regards\ " ever again . MLIA " 
So tired of looking for jobs and apartments . 
So who is going to PLU this fall ? 
Bye Bye < PROPFIRST > . Our short time together was very nice and you will be missed . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > is pretty . 
Completely done for the quarter ! 
I don't think that I would have put so many hours into these invitations as I am now 
Officially became an uncle last night :^) 
We are having a garage sale today at the Jones ' house . Lots of good stuff left . If you don't know where the Jones house is , it is 3228 Phillips Ave , Enumclaw . In the meadows by the High School 
This class is wearing me out . So much to do in so little time 
Starting clinicals tomorrow 
First day of clinicals is done . Getting up at 4:30 is rough . Glad that this class is only another week and a half 
I a sweet apartment :^D 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8WiyX21A1c 
All the things that I own are in a < PROPFIRST > ready to be moved in the morning .... 
Riviera < PROPFEMALE > was a blast , but it still feels good to be back in the Claw 
Don't professors realize they are ruining the college experience with homework and exams ? 
So sad the weekend is coming to a close 
note to self , the word processor , pages , sucks . end note . 
registering for classes couldn't be more aggravating . My adviser didn't tell me that I need to take a class this spring and now I can't get a class that is only offered spring semester ... 
chapped lips 
The world will miss you < PROPFIRST > Nielsen . 
Q : How do you keep a Cougar out of your yard ? \ 
A : Put up a goal post 
Only little more than I week I have to survive 
New thermal compression shorts are so nice :^D \ 
chyea for early Christmas present 
having fun in the snow 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas :D 
