Oh , to feel the power . 

DMB tonight !! Woo Hoo !! 
One day it will happen , and it will be glorious . 
Thinkin I'll go for a walk . 
ugh ... 
They say the first 21 are the worst ; guess I'll find out soon enough . 
I remember when I used to hate running ; now it seems like a daily occurrence ... 
I've decided that asphalt is definitely a little different than a treadmill . 
Tired . Need a day off . Know I won't get one for at least another 3 days . Ugh . 
If you haven't gotten your flu shots yet , might want to do it . It's startin to go around . 
Glands are swollen . Don't feel too bad tho . Ready for it to be done with . 
Tickets are bought . 17 days and counting . 
It's too bad the Chinese food place doesn't deliver ... 
Just watched The Soloist . Wow . 
Just watched an awesome knockout on UFC . Glad it wasn't me . 
9 days and counting !!! 
Nothin like havin soaking wet feet for 6 hours . Ugh . 
7 days and counting . 
5 days left . Gotta start packing . 
Just gotta make it thru one more night of work . 
Vacation's started . Bags are packed . Car's booked . Plane leaves in the early a.m. Looking forward to a bit of paradise for the next week . 
Costa Rica bound !!! 
Vacation's over . Did I really have to come back home ? 
Back to the daily grind . Man this sucks . 
Does anybody actually think Conan O'Brian is funny ? Holy shit . 
I really need to get the hell outta Dodge . 
Ridiculously tired but I really need to go Christmas shopping . Doesn't even feel like the season ... 
Wrapping presents . Nothin like waiting til damn near the last minute . 
We never change , do we . 
The only thing that could make this cold weather worth it is if it snows . 
WTF ! I have the day off and I wake up at 5 . 
Damn !! What's a dude gotta do to stay warm around here !?!?! 
Damn it was cold today . And the temp is still droppin ... Snow in the future ? 
Really wish I had my car back . 
Got her back purrin like a kitten . A few more things and she'll be like brand new . 
People are strange when you're a stranger . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
As your attorney , I advise you to ... 
Oh snap . Monster truck rally on Saturday . 
Right when I think it's going to start getting warm again ... 
Just wakin ' up in the mornin ' , gotta thank God . I dunno but today seems kinda odd ... 
BitTorrent , I think I love you . 
I can finally lay claim to taking out the mailbox at my house . 
Yeah ... 
I'm really tired of this cold weather . 
Really wanna grow the beard back . 
Finally convinced myself to buy COD . Here we go ... 
Hmm ... 
Sometimes the music just can't get loud enough . 
Oh , the times ... the times ... 
Hopin some Steely < PROPFIRST > puts me in a good groove for the day . 
I think I might be goin a little crazy right now . 
Goin all the way to Miami and I don't even get to party . 
wishes he had a pool at his house . 
Believe nothing , no matter where you read it or who has said it , not even if I have said it , unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense . ~ Buddha 
There are some things in this world I just don't understand . 
is in serious need of a vacation . 
Just gotta get through one more day and I might be back to normal . Fingers are crossed . 
Really need to get my windows fixed . Stupid rain . 
SallieMae = Worst . Company . Ever . 
I'm definitely in need of something . 
I hate having my computer on for very long . Keep waitin for the death rattle to set in . 
Here's your sign . 
They say the hardest part is gettin the ball rollin . 
I have a feeling today is just going to piss me off . 
So where are all the \Save the Gulf\ " concerts ? Where are the T.V. Benefits with\ 
And people wonder why I don't want pets . 
Just wanted to send out a huge thanks to everyone for the bday wishes . All very deeply appreciated . For those interested : Heading up to LA Hangout about 9:30 . Come one . Come all . 
is thinking it's about that time . 
Waking up at 3 is gonna suck . 
Happy 4th !!! 
One function at a time , this phone is dying on me . 
Let's go , Tubesock ! Hit me !!! 
I want a new phone . 
Have I ever mentioned that I hate heartburn ? ugh 
I could really go for a massage right about now . 
Mom's B-day in a week .... What to do . What to do . 
Can one actually overdose on Vitamin C ? 
Make em say Uh ! 
Dad's in the ER . Got hit on his motorcycle yesterday . He fractured and dislocated his ankle and had surgery this morning . Waiting to hear how it went . 
Dad's in recovery now . Didn't go into surgery until about 9 last night . Had to get some pins and a metal plate put in his ankle . Doing well overall . Thank you to everyone for your concern and support . 
So when is first official day of winter ? I think it might be today . 
Had to triple check it and yup . It's 57 degrees outside . 
I keep losing all my stuff ! What the crap ?!? 
Holy crap , it's cold . I'm way too warm blooded for this business . 
The system is down . 
You've just won $50 million from the lottery ( after taxes ) . What do you do ? 
Go Bucs !! 
it was all a dream . I used to read Word Up Magazine . 
What's up with all the smiley faces and animation ? Not really feelin it . 
Happy Thinksgiving ! 
It's a bit < PROPFEMALE > at the stadium . Looking like a great day for football . Go Bucs !! 
You'd think that for as long as old people have been driving they'd have it down by now . 
Gettin a late jump on it but the tree is finally going up . 
Just killed an ATM machine . 
What the hell is up with the price of gas ?! 
