AHHHHHHH ... It's finally the first few moments of a new day in a New Year , in a New Decade . We have survived . I have survived 2 brain surgeries . I'm full of optimisium and hope with this new beginning for all of us . I pray everyone wakes tomorrow with a new resolve to meet their personal goals and to remember how important each and everyone of us is , to another . 

goodnite guys ... have a good day tomorrow . 
Today I'm helping a friend pick a logo for his business and going over to see mom . 
Well here it is .... our first snow ..... 
Just saw the dumbest thing ever ... on the news . Some guy in Florida called 911 and attempted to try and talk the dispatcher into having sex with him .... see if you can guess what happend next ...... 
Its very cold tonight ! 25 degrees . Rain and snow for the rest of the week .... oh well . 
A cold wind is blowing tonight so its a good night to crochet and watch T.V. < PROPFEMALE>'s got roller derby practice tonight . Quiet night tonight . 
Just got done helping mom rake the pine needles and plant 50+ bulbs . We got a break in the weather so this is possibly the very last day we could have planted them . More snow coming in the next few days . Time for a hot cup of coffee ! If I could I would send each of you a hot cup of coffee too ! :-) 
Good idea Dendy ! This yr I have a lot to be thankful for .... my life , my family and my wonderful friends ! 
is up late tonight to take < PROPFEMALE > to the train station . She's off to Seattle and then Las Vegas for the < PROPFEMALE > Ball this weekend ! 
Got a new power cord so I'm back up and running :-) Wishing I was in CA and not waiting for the second round of snow tonight . So hasn't been really bad yet ... knocking on wood ... hope our luck holds . 
Missing the kids tonight ! I'm also helping mom tomorrow . Getting ready for turkey day ! 
thinking about < PROPFEMALE > today ... did you work out the travel arrangements for O'C ? 
Hope everyone has a great turkey day ... I'm thankful for friends and family ! 
What a wonderful day .... A great meal with family and friends AND < PROPFEMALE > became engaged . He is a fine young < PROPFEMALE > and I hope all of their dreams come true :-) 
yea ! turkey and fix'ins leftovers ... yum yum ! 
Everyone check out the video of O'Conner proposing to < PROPFEMALE > at their Thanksgiving dinner !!! 
Asking for prayers for the 4 Officers ambushed and murdered in Lakewood WA diner this morning . Just starting their shifts . Just having a cup of coffee . I can't imagine . 
Well the local news just said that Pierce Co / Lakewood Police have a residence surrounded .... lets hope he's in custody by morning . Or Dead . I'm fine with either ! This guy their looking at has a look history and as usual ... he should have never been out of custody in the first place . 
Finally , < PROPFEMALE > is home and her and Brea have their faces buried in facebook . All is well in the world . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I put up the Christmas tree last night ! My dog kept chewing on the branches and now has piney fresh breath ! 
Thankful tonight for a full tummy and a warm home ... lots of people out there this year who don't have that . 
1000 Canadian Mounted Police , 100 cops from Boston , one hundred cops from New York , Altogether over 20,000 law enforcement officers in Lakewood WA today . Thousands and thousands of citizens came from everywhere to show their support . Today's service was carried live here so I've been watching it all day . I can't begin to tell you how incredible the show of support for the families and all of law enforcement has been . 
Great news ! its only going to get down to 3 degrees overnight and then warm up to 14 degrees all day tomorrow !!!!! Yes ! ......... I sure miss CA . 
I would like a hot bowl of clam chowder and some french bread , please . In California , please . 
We will have our first real snowfall tomorrow ! I do like snow at Christmas time ..... within reason of course ..... 
Its a cold , gray day today and the sun sets at 4:30 .... maybe some snow tonight . Good nite to rent a movie and curl up with a blanket ! 
Check out the video from < PROPMALE > Broschat , below . Not good news for < PROPFEMALE > County . 
gonna eat some pizza ! 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to come home from a work party .... 
So happy I was able to connect with a friend tonight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just said she went \neak in the wee's\ " hahahahahahaa :-) :-) " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :-) May God Bless You and Keep You Safe . My Love And Best Wishes To You All . 
What a wonderful dinner we had last night and then a great breakfast this morning . I'm blessed with a wonderful family ! 
whoo ... resting after very busy but very good weekend ! Maybe some snow tonight ! 
Had a lovely dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and O'Conner tonight ... a great burger and fries at Red Robins :-) 
I'm so happy to put this whole decade behind me ! I'm wishing everyone a happy , healthy , peaceful and financially successful new year !! 
Have a Happy , Safe , Blessed , peaceful and successful New Year Everyone !!!! 
Home made pizza bread for dinner and it was great ! I'm feeling content at the moment :-) 
I made homemade wedge potatoes with a BBQ seasoning mix ... it was pretty good ! 
OWWWW !!! I have an ear infection ... WTF ?? I haven't had one of those in 25 years :-( 
color : none :-) 
Hey all you Northen Cal . friends .... updates on earthquake damage if you know anything ... thanks ... lots of us thinking about you and wondering :-) 
I be chang'in me english to pirate and peer'in into me mates lives an hopin ' the wind be at thar ' backs on their travels :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > found her wedding dress . It was a really good mom and daughter day today :-) 
finally , all the Christmas stuff is down and put away for next year . What a job ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I will be putting together clothes and some supplies tomorrow for the Haitian relief effort ... and take them down to UPS ..... 
Reposted from Katie : ... UPS is shipping anything under 50lbs for free to Haiti . You can send food clothes or shoes .... and American Airlines is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free . Please call . Spread the word ... Red Cross needs Creole speaking volunteers for a 24hr phone bank . Call Mr. Wilfrid @ ASAP ... Please Repost this Info . 
RATS !!!!..... DISREGARD INFO ABOUT UPS ! TURNS OUT INFO WAS BOGUS :-) SENDING MONEY TO RED CROSS IS THE BEST BET TO HELP HAITI ..... sorry about that :-( 
tomorrow is going to be a good day ... sleeping in :-) 
Went to Coeur d ' < PROPFEMALE > Idaho today and found the place < PROPFEMALE>'s getting married . It overlooks the lake .... its so beautiful ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is skyping with O'Conner from Japan ! He's doing well but not having fun . He can't go off base yet and he's pretty bored ! 
Tonight ... Cornish Hens , white corn and rice ... yum yum ! 
We might get some snow tonight .... good thing because we've only had an inch all winter ! 
if you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) I'd say : What were YOU thinking !!?? 
It's < PROPFEMALE > right now even though it's about 35 degrees , still feels good to see the sun ! 
I need to clean the house today ... but as you can see I'm on the computer instead . 
It's a wonderful day in the neighborhood . 
I got to help rescue a really nice < PROPFEMALE > stuck on a carport roof ... stupid people moved away and just left the cat behind . Then found a new home for it !!! The lady who got the cat is disabled and she's so excited ... sometimes the smallest things can make you feel good all day ! 
I don't mean to be disrespectful .... but all those in favor of putting a round in to Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > .... say aye ................ AYE :-) 
Weaverville friends : 6.0 EARTHQUAKE in the usual place . Just southwest of Eureka near Patrolia ( sp ) . It occured at 12:20 and there's no reports of damage or injuries yet ... how stong was it in Weaverville ? 
Its a big weekend coming up ... hope everyone has fun on Superbowl Sunday ! 
It's been a long Monday . And I think I have spring fever . 
two fifty car pile-ups back east ... I'm so NOT missing the snow this year !!! 
Had a good day ... I was in Sandpoint Idaho with mom and < PROPFEMALE > . What a great town plus it was good weather . Beautiful snow covered mountains and a wonderful lake ! 
huh whaaaat ? its suppose to snow tonight ! We are closing in on smashing the record for the least amount of snow in Spokane history . Last year we smashed the record for the most snow ever recorded .... what the heck ? 
Ever have a dream where you were crying in the dream and then woke up crying ?... kinda sets the mood for the day . 
Before you embark on a journey of revenge , dig two graves . Confucius 
Today .... Erika is 26 yrs old . Can you even believe that !!?! 
Good news .... the bills are paid . Bad news ... no money now ! :-) 
Nature is cruel ! It's been so nice here ... and now the weatherman is talking about cold temps and snow next week ! 
Tomorrow is my BIRTHDAY !!! Normally , I wouldn't be bragging about turning 51 . But thanks to the Grace of God and a whole lot of prayers from everyone ... I lived ... and I get to see another year go by . Soooo , Happy Birthday to Me :-) 
Thanks everybody for the good wishes .... its been a great birthay :-) 
Reading < PROPFIRST>'s post makes me really miss having little kids and babies around ! However I don't miss diapers at all :-) 
What a wonderful < PROPFEMALE > day today :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Quote for St. Paddy's Day : There are good ships , and there are wood ships , The ships that sail the sea . But the best ships , are friendships , And may they always be . Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! 
I'm sure looking forward to seeing the kids at the end of the week ! 
I made my special scrambled eggs , cinnamon walnut toast and orange juice this morning ... so happy to have the kids and the granddaughter here ! 
It's been a nice day today with my daughter and granddaughter . :-) 
Well ... the kids have left and headed home . It was nice to spend quality time with them and hopefully I will be able to get up to Seattle soon ! 
rain , rain , rain , rain , rain , rain ..... go away already ! 
I'm sending an invitation to lots of you via facebook . My friend owns the Vapor Lounge here in Spokane . He's raising money to help a local firefighter who needs a bone marrow transplant . Please become a fan ... and thank you . 
Jesus Christ died on the cross today . Just say'in . Blessings and love to you all . 
Enjoying life today because its better then the alternative ! 
In the UNFREAKING BELIVEABLE COLUMN : Evander Holyfield , 47 , just WON the heavy Weight Title last night in Las Vegas .... man o ' man !!! 
Yesterday was beautiful .. today gray and rainy ...... :-( 
Gray Skys and rain .... crabby people ( mostly me ) and paperwork all day long . Just not the best day today . 
Had a good time at my brother's birthday party ! it was a great sunday afternoon :-) 
Your laugh for the day : ( and please comment ! ) What do you get when you cross PMS with GPS ? A crazy bitch who WILL FIND YOU !!! 
8 1/2 :-( 
OMG ... Seriously praying hard for Omar ... it really did work for me . 
The rain is over and I'm looking forward to a < PROPFEMALE > day and a nice brunch for my mom tomorrow ! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL OF YOU GREAT MOM'S OUT THERE !!! 
Tomorrow I'm getting the plants for the summer garden .... can't wait ! 
Today it got to 75 degrees ! working in the garden tomorrow :-) :-) :-) 
It is a well-documented fact that guys will not ask for directions . This is a biological thing . This is why it takes several million sperm cells ... to locate a female egg , despite the fact that the egg is , relative to them , the size of Wisconsin . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
its a cold and < PROPFEMALE > day . A good day to catch up on housework :-( 
< PROPFEMALE > traded in her 96 Honda Accord thank God ! Her vehicle has been broken into 3 times in one year plus the plates and gas were taken as well ... huge pain . Now she has a 05 Chevy Colbalt ... a very nice little car and she loves it ! 
Best Quote of the Day : At a recent White House meeting on the oil spill , the President reportedly snapped , \just plug the damn hole ! " 
Went out to dinner tonight and had a nice time . ~ Hope everyone puts their flags out on Monday . ~ 
Rain , Rain and more rain ! For another whole week ! Who's hogging all of the sunshine out there ???? 
Wind storm blows off shingles . Heavy rainstorm the next day . Roof leaks . Roof caves in . Giant hole in laundry room ceiling . Bathroom ceiling is soft . Water has traveled down the roof and is now leaking out < PROPFEMALE>'s window . < PROPFEMALE > said it best ... Shi t-t astic ! 
Well .. I've got to move to a new apartment so this one can get fixed ! The next 10 days are gonna be a lot of work ! 
Moving this weekend to a new apt . because of the roof leak ... but it's all good . 
I'm back after more then 3 weeks ! the computer is working again ! stop by and say hello ! 
O'Conner will be home soon , back from deployment ! I can't wait to say hello to him ! 
O'C is home and safe , Spent the day with < PROPMALE > and saw dispicable me .... all in all a pretty great day ! 
Wow . July is gone and August is here ! Where did summer go ? 
~ ~ True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country . ~ ~ \ 
< PROPMALE > Vonnegut 
You never know when it will strike , but there comes a moment at work when you know that you just aren't going to do anything productive for the rest of the day . 
Saw this quote from a friend and thought it was worth repeating ! \ 
For every action there is an unequal and disappointing opposite government bailout program that wont help you . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s getting married tonight at 7pm . The sun sets at 7:12 and we will be overlooking lake Coeur D ' < PROPFEMALE > . I'm so blessed ! life is good :-) 
Well the wedding is done . It was wonderful . I'll post pics as soon as I get them . Thanks for the good wishes ! 
** I'm fluent in three languages : English , Sarcasm , and Profanity . ** 
Check out our first pic from < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . Many more to come :-) 
War is an ugly thing , but not the ugliest of things . The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse . The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight , nothing which is more important than his own personal safety , is a miserable creature and has no < PROPMALE > of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself . 
On my hardwood kitchen chair !!! 
My sister turned 50 today ! had a huge fried chicken , mash potato dinner plus a great < PROPMALE > chocolate cake ! good times :-) 
The Wedding pic's are here ! please check them out ! 
OKAY !!! I've got all the photos downloaded into an album .... please check them out and leave a comment .... I'm really happy with them ! 
My mom sure has had a tough week this week .... hopefully she's better next week . If you could ... send out a couple of little \feel better\ " prayers ... and thanks ! " 
LISTEN UP SPOKANE FRIENDS ! These are the same jerks who protest at Military Funerals ! We need to rally against them ... they will be here next Friday !!! See the link on my page ... thanks ! 
Had a great dinner and saw a show tonight in Coeur D ' Alene ... tons of fun ! Also our first really cold night ... 29 degrees ! 
How can my 11 lb \little dog\ " have so much gas that she smells like she ate a 3 day old dead goat !! aaarrrggggh ! " 
STUPID CRIMIAL FILE : Today , a guy in Spokane called in a bomb threat to a local bank . He said he would blow up several schools . He instructed the bank to have the \police\ " drop off the money at a house ... and honk twice . The police did just that . When they arrived at the house they dropped off the money . Then they promptly arrested the homeowner ... who called in the threat from his own home . Yeah . " 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for ALL !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many AMERICANS will re-post this and not really care about offending someone 
Raining and cold today ... with about 2 weeks of rain in front of us .... \sigh\ " winter is here . Guess I'll just have to put my feet up ... coffee and a good movie . Followed by a nap ! " 
Time to go to bed ! 
Any of my facebook friends dressing up for Holloween this year ? and as what ? 
mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drives me crazy !! Moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom 
THANK GOD tomorrow is election day ... If I get one more phone call ..... AARRRGH ! 
I love this so I'm posting it . A newscaster up here in WA said that the marajuana < PROPMALE > would have passed if the proponents weren't to stoned to vote .... bahahaa !! 
Fun day today . A birthday party for my 5 yr old grand-daughter and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > spending a couple of days with me . It's been great spending time with family :-) 
Freedom isn't free ... please remember all of our vets today . Both past and present ... thanks ! 
light snow today .... that must mean potato soup and crusty bread tomorrow :-) 
Mom brought me some homemade Pea Soup with ham and bacon . Good down home cook'in sure warms the heart ! 
Brrrrr .... 25 degrees tonight and 20 degrees by Monday . It's suppose to start snowing and with those temps ... everything that hits the ground will be here until next May ! 
Hey Weaverville ... You got snow before we got snow ! 
hey everyone ... click on the \brave on\ " below and check the \ " like\ " button ... ON < PROPFEMALE > will donate one dollar to families of fallen Police Officers for every \ " like\ " !!! " 
OMG ! it's going to be MINUS 12 degrees tomorrow night ... and it's snowing with about a 4 inch base right now . Back in the house . Until May :-) 
The weatherman is excited because we are shattering cold records . With the wind Chill ... Minus 17 degrees . Bastard . 
I'm very thankful for friends and family today ... Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and if you have to travel ... please stay safe ... because you're important to me ! 
( In case you all are wondering about the cartoon pics ) Change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on fb till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your stat to invite your friends to do the same . 
Done with the Christmas Decorations and ready for my Mom's Birthday party tomorrow ! 
Had a great time at mom's birthday party and the BEST home made lasagna ever ! Thanks Sis ! 
Wishing everyone a great week ahead ! 
“The human voice can never reach the distance that is covered by the still small voice of conscience . ” Mahatma Gandhi 
Had a great dinner with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and my granddaughter , < PROPFEMALE > . We opened presents because they're on the way to CA tomorrow ... good times and soooo happy to see them :-) 
What a Wonderful Christmas it was with the family !... Now ... hopefully a good new year will follow .. I know all of us would like things to get better both for ourselves and our Nation . May God Bless us all in the New Year to Come ;-) 
Please add your resolution : I resolve not to :\ 
Use more then 4 letters in any curse word . \ 
ACTUALLY drive the speed limit , not over it . 
We have a beautiful deep blue sky , snow everywhere , tree branches are heavy\ 
... it's really a gorgeous day ... sadly ... it's only one degree ! Happy to be home with homemade soup ! 
CAN You believe this ? 7 Officer involved shootings / 5 fatal , here in Spokane ?? They're pretty quick to shoot first in the State of WA ....... 
SAD NEWS tonight ! < PROPFIRST > LaLane died . He was 96 . I remember his exercise TV show when I was a kid . I also remember him swimmimg out to Alcatraz ! 
Blah . Rain , Rain , go away ..... 
It's a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day ... and 27 degrees ! I'm enjoying the sun through a window ! It will be dropping down to 9 degrees tonight .... oh well ... spring will be here soon ! 
Ohhhhhh Mannnn .... things just turned to Crap in Egypt ... and it was going so well ~ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? 
I'm so enthralled ! I'm jumping up and down with excitement ! EGYPT , YOU ROCK !!! \ 
Now ... as you begin to build your democracy .... equal rights for all ... especially for the women who stood side by side with you in the streets ... May your God bless you with many years of success ! \ 
\Like\ " this if you agree ! " 
~ Sugar Leather Rock ~ 
There is an outside < PROPMALE > that here , in Spokane , we will be able to see the < PROPFEMALE > Borealis over the next couple of days . There's a break in the clouds so maybe even tonight !!! 
I just realized something while listening to the news tonight .... Both Muammar Gadhafi and < PROPFIRST > Sheen sound exactly alike !!!!! Both of them are babbling idiots !!!! 
Happy Birthday to My Daughter < PROPFEMALE > ! born at one am on FEB 29th , first leap year baby in < PROPFEMALE > County 27 years ago ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
Thank you so very much for the birthday wishes ..... love you all :-) 
Last night I had Lobster and tonight , mexican food ! ... Then ... a guy said to me ... my goodness , you're still a pup ! I told him I was pretty sure that was they only time I would hear that today ! thanks everyone .... just wish I could see all of your beautiful faces too ! 
It's snowing , < PROPFEMALE > and cold .... oh well . 
The FBI said that the bomb found in Spokane was their highest priority ... and they made an arrest today . This guy was a white supremacist . The bomb contained lead pellets that had been coated in rat poison , and could be remote detonated . This is one very scary dude ! We got very lucky ! 
< PROPMALE > TIDAL WAVE HITTING JAPAN .. FOLLOWING 8.8 EARTHQUAKE 
My thoughts and prayers are with Japan today ..... 
The US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right , under the First Amendment to protest military funerals ..... I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we will see if your First Amendment is better than my Second Amendment !! Re post if you feel the same . God bless our soldiers , past and present ! 
The World Breaks us All , And Afterwards Some Are Stronger In The Broken Places . ~ < PROPMALE > Hemingway 
We all have at least 200 friends on facebook , but when it comes to needing a ' friend ' to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? i can gaurantee you not even half of your facebook ' friends ' will like this . like this status if you'd honestly be there for me . SET THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHICH FRIENDS ARE THERE FOR YOU ? 
