looking forward to new adventures this year ! 

is hanging out with the fam 
is looking forward to the dmb concert tomorrow night ! 
wishes i was on a island by myself ... then there would be no drama ... but at least i have dmb to look forward to tonight ! 
is getting ready for the concert ! Time to start drinking ! 
is looking forward to everything ... 
is looking forward to tonight 
hmm .... what to do ... 
does anyone want a membership to the Lexington Athletic Club ? I just cancelled mine and if you want it , it would save you the cost of start-up fees ! 
had a great weekend with my bf 
really REALLY wants to go to the DMB show in IN this weekend .. 
is relaxing today , and picking up the apt before work tomorrow , then hiking with the bf on sat ! 
is working nights the rest of the week 
had an awesome jump ride , < PROPFIRST > was on fire ! Wish I had money to show :( 
grrr ... not in a good mood ... had to make do with what I had to put a hoof pack on joey ... now off to buy supplies , will people please start paying attention while driving and stay on your side of the freaking road !!!! 
has had a great weekend , looking forward to the winery today ! 
had a great time at the winery ! Possible venue for our wedding in a few years ! :) 
class one down , well changing the time of the class at least , lol . Now going to work out , ride , another class then work . long day ! 
is really looking forward to helping Dr. Tumlin out with the Integrative Performance class this semester ! :) 
glad I got my ride on < PROPFIRST > in before the rain really started ! Now i need to focus on this online class 
has a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > and my man , body shots here I come ;) 
is home and cleaning up a little bit and relaxing , it was a good weekend ! :) 
off to bed ! 
has a massage with < PROPFIRST > today ! I can't wait , he is the best ever !!! 
is very sleepy ! but its been a great day ! :) I love my man and his family so much !!! 
is watching an episode of criminal minds then going to bed 
is up and cleaning ... only one class today ! Yay ! 
taking a nap before work ... 
love my friends ... great night ... 
oh my head .... fml ... ive got to go to work 
wow ... crazy times ! Got sick at work and was sent home , went to see the lovely Turkish couple that I farm sit for , I love them ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > kicks some ass ! still recoverying but feeling much better ! 
glad I don't have classes tomorrow , just work from 6-10 
got soaked riding , but < PROPFIRST > was great . Now im drying off and going to catch up on my online class . 
looking forward to hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and seeing her new place ... also the margaritas ! :) 
really wishes a certain crazy ex wouldn't call me at all hours of the night ... fml I never should have dated him in the first place ... ugh ! 
enjoyed Therapy class today ... I really need to clean my apartment and work on homework ... but I've got to go to work ... blah 
should probably do my < PROPMALE > paper that is due tomorrow ... 
just remembered the pin number to a card I haven't used in over a year and a half , sweet ! 
great weekend with my bf ... I love breakfast in bed ! :) He rocks ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swayze ... he was sooo damn hott in Dirty Dancing * sigh * I love that movie .... now going to try and sleep ... hopefully no nightmares tonight ... ugh 
is having a great day ! Rode around with a really cool therapist , and got to see some Darley stallions up close and personal ! Then had a really good client , now I'm looking forward to dinner with friends ! :) 
is thinking about getting a snake ... 
going car shopping tomorrow and then to the Woodford Reserve Distillery , got to stock up :) 
my only class got cancelled today ... sweet ! makes things a little better ... 
of course its raining ... ugh ... wish < PROPMALE > was here so we could cuddle and watch criminal minds ! 
catching up on homework ... not fun ... 
ok kids , just because you sit next to me in class does not mean im interested in your little comments about what the teacher is saying , and it definitely does not mean that it is ok to poke me and touch me to tell me these things , i don't know you , don't touch me !... ugh damn underclassmen ... i just want to get really drunk tonight ! 
forgot how crazy < PROPFIRST > can be when he acts like he is three ... his twisting bucks has done a number on my back , glad im going to see < PROPFIRST > today 
bitches need to learn their place 
\and in your eyes I see whats on my mind ... \"" 
its cleaning day and i've miss placed my busted stuff cd ! :( 
loves good pieces of music which are motivational and entice you to think beyond your own world 
and so it begins .... 
wish I had t.v. I'm missing all this < PROPMALE > stuff !!! :( 
\It is unrealistic to believe that something positive can come about merely from something external . \ " - His Holiness the Dalai Lama " 
would looovvveee to go see < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > play in Vegas Dec 10 , 11 , and 12 
taking a study break and going to the Liquor Barn to pick somethings up for this weekend . 
trying to think if I have everything I need for the weekend . Looking forward to a four hour drive just listening to DMB ! But not loooking forward to the fact that the ranger doens't have cruise control ! 
very much enjoying the fact that I get to come home to my boyfriend ! 
photo shoot when its raining out = not good for my hair ! lol , good thing its a horse magazine 
drinking margaritas and watching the < PROPFEMALE > Bride ! hell yes its a good night ! :P 
finally home from a long day of shopping . enjoying all the time I get to spend now with my man ! 
has a computer again ! :) Playing around with our new MacBook Pro and loving it ! 
just had a wonderful dinner with my man and now we are going to watch some criminal minds :) 
would really love to be done with homework ... I can handle classes but I'm looking forward to December when i'm done ! 
getting ready to hit the hay ... yea ... its only like nine thirty ... im < PROPFEMALE > tired . 
my weekend has started ! Time for a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
terror on tates creek tonight , and more fun with < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
busy day ! but my wonderful boyfriend made me brownies and we watched criminal minds , getting ready to head to bed . 
when you google < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > a picture of me in the top ten comes up ... and im a little freaked out ... thanks for pointing this out to me nathaniel ... and damn fb 
can't wait to see pics of baby Mabry , good luck and congrats < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Kinley ! 
got my costume ! and is proud of my little mustang for winning a race against a truck , lol 
missing my man , but its nice to not have to fight him for the computer ! looking forward to going to keeneland tomorrow to watch the filly race , and going out tomorrow night ! 
its freaking freezing outside , and lets be honest there isn't enough to my costume to keep me warm ! 
R . I . P My Eyes for You ... not a good start to the day ... 
going to start drinking and getting ready ! 
yea ... think im still drunk ... 
still feels like shit ... had a ton of fun and don't really remember everything , but had a blast ! My first time actually dressing up and celebrating halloween was a success ! 
has deeper emotional issues about this situation then I would like to admit ... there I admitted it 
ugh ... homework 
< PROPMALE > just got a job !!! YAY !!! :) 
bought a new car today ! 
happy birthday < PROPMALE > ! :) Looking forward to celebrating the rest of the week ! 
< PROPMALE > just yelled at me and said I was a spoiled little princess ... hehehe ;) 
is all packed for cinci tomorrow ! looking forward to our trip !! 
is up and nearly ready to hit the road . Have a great weekend everyone ! 
didn't sleep well , has a horrible stomach ache , a cold sore , and a presentation I have to give today ... and the fact that I'm still having format issues that I'm trying to figure out ... great ... 
has a ready done some cleaning , the sky outside isn't looking great . I hope it doesn't rain until after I'm done at the barn ... should probably do my paper now ... 
going to ride after class , hopefully that will give < PROPFIRST > some time to dry ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > . You were one of the best school horses ever ! Thanks for packing my ass around and saving my ass on numerous occasions ! I will miss you dearly as will many others . 
If you and I woke up in jail together , using ONLY 4 WORDS , what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status to see what kind of responses you will get . 
home from work , now for some homework ... ugh ... 
is up but feeling horrible , I think < PROPMALE > gave me his cold :( 
feels like I'm in the Children's book The Napping House .... where everyone is sleeping ... woke up to my bf and two cats completely knocked out ... might as well go back to sleep , feel horrible anyways :S 
wish I could have gone to Il , for thanksgiving break :( , stuck working and horse sitting at least its $$$ 
trying to stay awake ... a certain cat woke me up at two in the morning running around and jumping on the bed ... riding this afternoon and feeding the horses that I'm watching for the week 
finishing up laundry and getting ready to go ride . I love the fact that my upstairs neighbor also likes to blast DMB ! It makes me happy :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
is about to die from laughter , we have been trying to decorate our christmas tree for close to an hour now ... we are still stuck on the lights that aren't working .... 
going to wrap some christmas presents so a certain someone doesn't going sneaking around tomorrow ... then getting some much needed sleep 
I hate cold weather ! 
laughing my ass off cause we just got a piece of mail addressed to < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > is upset 
time for Mexican , yay < PROPFEMALE>'s and a good friend ! :) 
ONE WEEK UNTIL I AM DONE !!! GOOD BYE COLLEGE !!! Now I have to find a really job .... anyone know of any ? Getting my drink on next weekend !!! Two more papers to go then I'm home free .... 
ugh ... my head hurts so much from this damn reading scientific lit project ... can't wait until it is done ! 
AHAHAHA . < PROPMALE > just needs to make it official , we just got our car title and it says < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > or < PROPMALE > J < PROPMALE > :P 
would really like to know how and why it seems like my RSL paper is getting shorter instead of longer ... ugh 
editing blows ... going cross eyed , typo's are becoming more frequent ... going to try and get some sleep , but I've been so stressed about this paper I haven't been able to sleep well ... so close though . 
yea back up again but not by choice , might as well look at this paper again ! 
can't believe its fucking snowing ! 
edited my paper and of course now I'm a < PROPFEMALE > short ... ugh ... giving up and calling it good if i'm not done in an hour 
i really have no clue how we managed to get insurance on both cars , full coverage on one , and renters insurance for $35 a month ! but I'm pretty freakin happy about it !!! 
just got a set of pearls ! <3 they are so pretty ! my boyfriend rocks !!! 
two days , one paper and one quiz to go and I'll be saying bye bye college life ! 
good luck therapy girls on your final projects ! and forewarning I maybe slightly emotional tomorrow ... it will be my last class with Dr. Tumlin and Dr. Holland , even though I'm not taking the class its my final class with them , aside from your final ! But we have to be serious then .. 
last day of college ! wish it was so freakin cold ! 
just finished my last college paper ! One more class to go and I'm done ! Going out tonight to celebrate !!! :) 
had a really good time last night ! I love Redmon's! And the second song they played was #41 :) :) and of course I was with great friends ! 
glad < PROPMALE > is back home , cleaning the apartment today so I can just get it messy tonight when I finish wrapping presents . Excited to be in IL in to see all our family in just 11 days ! 
can't wait to see all our family ! 
had a great time with the final today ! ahaha you girls did good though ! 
<3 wrapping christmas presents , fingers crossed that my dads gift gets here in time , just a few more left to buy but at least they are easy ones ! <3 
made my night when I saw the first post secret was about DMB fans ! :) We rock ! 
love drinking wine and being slightly inappropriate at really nice restaurants ... whooo for being drunk before 7:30 pm ... and now I'll probably pass out ... 
ok , due to getting side tracked at the Humane Society then going out to dinner , I did not accomplish everything I set out to do yesterday . So now I'm locking my self in the apartment tell I get everything done .... 
done some cleaning now going to walk some dogs at the Woodford Humane Society 
has to take one of the < PROPFEMALE>'s to the vet today cause he has some sort of skin issue :( 
having a wonderful time at my moms already , can't wait until everyone gets here ! 
great time with the fam , a lot of alcohol was consumed as usual , paying for it now . But I still won Things !!! :) 
got back to KY safe and sound 
got a ton of stuff to do today , but at least I'm already done updating my Resume and finishing an application 
Is glad to have babies again 
madly searching for tickets to England and wondering if this trip is even feasible , tickets are so expensive ! 
job hunting .... ugh 
has a working interview tomorrow at 2 p.m. 
interview went pretty well , fingers crossed that I'll get hired ! 
snowing like crazy here , made it back to the apartment safe and sound from my second working interview at R&R , should hear back from them today or tomorrow ! 
red ... when I was actually wearing one ... 
got a job at R&R on nightshift , now looking into moving to Lex 
black 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > !!!! oh how I love him .... and < PROPMALE > ... 
OMG ! Scandalous ... whoa ... 
stupid hypocrite .... grr ... 
is sad that < PROPFEMALE > got adopted but hoping that she is at a good home 
back in IL for the weekend , we have < PROPFEMALE > for the whole weekend and right now we are watching Spongebob , lol 
omg ... was a bit ridiculous last night ... 
going to have a very long day today , bring on the coffee 
just gave our month notice to the landlord , now searching for apartments in lexington ... 
had another good day of training in ICU , now time to FINALLY take down the christmas tree ! 
had a great night with my soul mates !!! We have to get together more often !!!! 
just visited < PROPFEMALE>'s puppies and decided to get the girl ! Taking name suggestions , she is a black lab 
possible names for the pup so far : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Zinni , Phebs , or < PROPFEMALE > . Let us know what you think ! ( female black lab ) 
found a townhouse ! :) really excited about living somewhere with more space and a fenced in yard for the pup . Hopefully the person living there now moves out soon ! 
upset that we can't move into the townhouse for about three weeks :( grateful that < PROPFEMALE > is keeping the pup for us til then 
happy birthday Mom !!! :) 
ATTENTION equine friends : Looking for a loving and time devoting family is a 2008 Black AQHA Filly named Casper . I have a lot more information and some pictures of her , also her pedigree , if you are interested message me . This filly needs a lot of love , time and attention ! 
excited about the Three Days Grace and Breaking < PROPMALE > concert tomorrow night !!! 
the concert ROCKED ! Had an awesome time , glad < PROPMALE > liked his early valentines day present so much ! :) 
starting to move tomorrow and hoping everything will be done by next weekend . I would like < PROPFEMALE > to be here now , I miss her ! 
phone is not working , if you need/want to get a hold of me try < PROPMALE > or on here . 
phone is still not working ! Trying to get my insurance claim filed and I'm about to go crazy on these people , getting absolutely no where it is ridiculous !!! 
I LOVE MI PUEBLITO !!! Congrats to the table next to us ! Hope you liked the shots !!!! ;P 
got my new phone , but lost a BUNCH of < PROPFIRST > !!! I have the same number text me or message me on here if you want me to have your number 
looking forward to celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! :) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! And Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone !!! 
stressing just a bit with moving ! cant wait to get our pup ( < PROPFEMALE > ) on saturday . Hopefully we will be all moved in by this time next week . This is the last time we are moving until we buy a house !!!! I HATE MOVING ! 
wishing Mex was open at 6 am I could go for a few < PROPFEMALE>'s right now 
some what moved into the new townhouse .... but running on 3 hours of sleep , ICU kicked my ass last night and I have to work another 12 hours tonight .. not going to be fun 
feel like I have so much to do and so little time , won't be going to help out with class today :( need to get this moving crap done ! 
lost my keys at the old apartment while we were cleaning and packing ... terrific ! 
just had to stab a whole in the dr. pepper bottle cause I couldn't get the top off ... pretty sad ... but I had already poured the four roses ! 
Me : you're my left . Catherine : no you're my right ... AHAHAHAHAH 
a lot going on this week and next . Excited for our group date and celebrating soulmate < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hatfield's birthday ! Then I need to get our place some what organized before < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ( basically my sister ) comes down ! After that we are going to IL for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! 
wondering when I became a light weight and cant remember half the night .... also wondering what the hell I'm doing up ... ugh 
getting ready for our triple date with the soul mates ! so excited to see them ! :) 
had such a great time with my soul mates ! wish < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hatfield and < PROPMALE > Salmons lived closer !!! 
ahahahaha !!! singing Spice Girls freakin awesome !!! 
got to sleep for eight hours ! Its a record for the week . Getting things ready to go back to IL . < PROPMALE > and I on a four hour road trip should be excellent ! :) 
is happily engaged to a great guy < PROPMALE > Wells ! 
thank you to everyone for the congratulations and well wishes ! 
did a little bit of shopping for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , can't wait to go get her and bring her back next week ! Excited for her to come to KY finally ! Also glad that there were no children playing in shopping carts in the street when I came home ... 
got a majority of my DMB cd's , now I'm about to hit the road just need some coffee ! 
had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > out at the KY Horse Park ! 
four hours of sleep , a shower for me , bath for < PROPFEMALE > , both of us dressed , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > have both had breakfast , < PROPFEMALE>'s bags are packed ... about to hit the road ... did I mention this process started over an hour ago :) 
got < PROPFEMALE > back to her mom now taking a quick nap at my mom's before I hit the road again ... 
got up at noon to let < PROPFEMALE > out and feed her , planned on going back to sleep but she had other ideas . She has played outside , been on a walk , and is still bouncing around the house ! 
so excited for < PROPFEMALE > R Dickson and < PROPMALE > Dickson ! They are going to be wonderful parents ! Also glad that the first emergency that I some what helped with went well and the foal was nice and healthy ! Not so glad that I got sick at 2 in the morning and had to go home .... but feeling better now ! 
relaxing for the first time in weeks ! Think I'm going to open a bottle of wine and read a book outside for awhile then lay around and catch up on T.V. shows . 
\strange evolution how people have come to believe that we are its greatest achievement when really we're just a collection of cells overrating themselves \"" 
we had a great night last night hanging out with < PROPMALE > watching < PROPFIRST > play ! Good times , good company and good music ! :) Then had a good night at work , very glad the mare stood still when her foal wrapped her oxygen cord around me and the mare and knocked me under the mare ! Fun times but what a good freaking mare I will take those kind any day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had a big day yesterday ! Ran around with me and < PROPFIRST > then we went to Masterson Station dog park where she was a wimp ! Got to socialize her more . Now we are going to take her to the park before going to see our wonderful friends < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hatfield and < PROPMALE > Salmons ! Also meeting up with < PROPFEMALE > Deaver and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! Should be a fantastic evening ! :) :) :) 
had a great time with our wonderful friends last night ! Looking forward to more adventures with them this month ! Loving this beautiful weather . Itching to get my tattoo finished ( but don't know when ... ) now its time to get ready for work 
I <3 medicine land ! off today , < PROPFEMALE > gets fixed tomorrow , so I'm going to take her to the barn then to the dog park . 
relaxing with the pup , debating on going out to get stuff to make margarita's ... hmmm 
FINALLY ordered my cap and gown ! 
having a cook out at the guys house . Made some awesome jungle juice then going out later ! :) 
amazing night !!! :) love my boys and cat ! 
very grateful to have a surprise day off ! Lots to do around the house and get some things done we were going to do tomorrow , that way I can enjoy my time even more with my man ! We both have the day off ! Its long over due ! 
started of the day real nice ... just sitting her trying to plan what I need to do then realized it was Tuesday and I've nearly missed half the class I help with ... and by the time I would get there it would be over ! Hate when I do stuff like this ... 
hopefully going to be getting a kitchen table and chairs this week ! :) Just made an amazing stir fry , going to take the pup for a walk then get my tan on 
nearly done at work just a few hours to go . get to pick my ring back up today sent it off to get sized last week 
looking forward to our Jungle Juice and Things get together tomorrow night . I love that game ! 
what did I do a majority of the night at work ? Played with a condom and the most adorable Icelandic foal EVER ! 
had an awesome night of Jungle Juice and Things . Glad to see some old friends ! 
VERY excited about ROLEX !!!! Can't wait to see my mom tomorrow and hopefully < PROPFEMALE > will be coming as well ! :) 
I love my friends that try and make me feel better after a horrible day 
trying to stay awake for as long as possible ... i have a 12 hour night shift tomorrow and I've been on day time , not night time , for the whole weekend ... but Rolex was totally worth it . Had a blast with my mom , < PROPFEMALE > and the dogs ! 
NOT COOL ! < PROPMALE > just taught the dog how to gang up on me !!! 
finally got caught up on a few things I needed to do and a bit of sleep ! Off work tomorrow and friday but still busy days . 
had a good time tonight at the awards ceremony . My mom surprised me by coming and I got an award for being outstanding ! :P 
just gave < PROPFEMALE > a bath and in true Labrador form she did not want to get out ! She was trying to turn the water back on ! 
had a lot of fun last night ... probably too much ... :P going to take < PROPFEMALE > out to play 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there ! 
is really thinking about getting married in the Virgin Islands . Don't worry friends and family we will have a big reception when we get back ! 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Germer is the best person EVER !!!!!!!!!!!! 
looking up wedding stuff , watching friends and cuddling with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
should probably double check the time of grad practice and where its suppose to be at ... and the time of grad it self ... to bad I can't find all my info ! 
tip ... finish cleaning before you have a drink on an empty stomach ... 
new email ( midway email will be deleted after grad ) ddouglaswells@gmail.com 
graduating today ! YAY !!! Out with the crew tonight ! Love having my family here :) 
has a very tired lab laying on my feet . I love the chuckit ! Going to work on some business stuff today ! :) 
what a night a work , at least I learned how to reflux ! Now doing some business stuff yay ! 
so what was suppose to be a short nap turned into a four hour nap ... at least I finally feel rested ! Now time to go krogering .... 
oh Liquor Barn how I love you 
ugh ... no i cant be and dont want to be sick . 
wish I could kick this cold , I don't want to spend my whole weekend sick ! 
nearly came home with the most adorable mixed puppy ever ... she was < PROPFEMALE > cute and loved < PROPFEMALE > . I really can't go back to petsmart until she is gone 
had an awesome time tonight ! Love my friends and fiancee :) Cant wait to celebrate mine and < PROPFEMALE > Hutchings birthday this week ! 
just ordered my estim ! :) at < PROPFEMALE>'s with my love for my bday dinner yay ! ( boo he has to work tomorrow ) girls night tomorrow ! 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
has very much enjoyed sleeping late , laying out and eating cake . Now to get ready for the movies with my girls ! I <3 summer 
I really want our own house ! 
thinking about a summer vaca .... an affordable one that is ... 
bonfire ! yay ! 
just a few more hours ... then hopefully i can get some sleep 
finally home , going to bed . Going to make a whirlwind trip to Il wednesday and come back thursday . Don't be offended if you don't see me ... we will only be in the state for about 24 hours ... I am hoping to go in two weeks for a few days ! :) 
kroger , starbucks , gas station , then hitting the road ... 
< PROPMALE > is the most amazing fiancee ever . I love him so much . 
in IL for about 24 hours 
having a wonderful time with the family . melts my heart when < PROPFEMALE > says she loves me . i really need to start coming back more often 
had a wonderful time in IL , way to short , but will hopefully be back soon . Came home to my estim and my ultrasound gel so I'm very excited to start working on some horses with my machines ! And congrats to < PROPFEMALE > R Dickson and < PROPMALE > Dickson who found out they are having a boy ! :) 
oh new interns ... gotta love them ... cause i love staying late when they mess up ... not so much ... i need sleep 
is thinking about a road trip to Noblesville IN to see DMB friday night ... 
aside from < PROPFEMALE > waking me up a bit early I have had a great day ! 
is going to go broke buying tennis balls if < PROPFEMALE > keeps leaving them in the middle of the lake 
a bit sad that I'm missing the DMB concert in Indy but I will settle for seeing them at HullabLOU ! :) 
went to the park , < PROPMALE > Wells fished , < PROPFEMALE > swam , I fell in ... now back home going to make myself a drink and lay out 
looking at cabin in the Red River Gorge , need a vaca soon ! 
very excited to see my family in a few weeks its been too long since ive seen everyone and will hopfully be bringing < PROPFEMALE > back to ky with me 
< PROPMALE > is more upset that the dog will be gone for a few days then me being gone ! lol 
watching the cat and the dog play it is quiet funny , Utah still has some spunk in is older age 
is getting very excited about going back to IL to see the fam and look at wedding dresses ! 
had a very fun night out at the lake with the dogs and friends :) 
Any suggestions on fun things to do with a 4 year old in the Lexington , Louisville , Cincinnati area ? 
rockin out to some old Blink 182 
reading a book then going to take the dogs to the lake . Enjoying that I can relax ! 
looking for a wedding dress tomorrow ! so excited !!! :) 
found a dress i love ! now having dinner with some of my favorite people ! :) 
taking the pups to the lake ! 
back in KY ! < PROPFEMALE > got a bath as soon as we got home , she loves her new bed . We started a math book with her did a little bit of coloring and got her in bed . < PROPMALE > is asleep too now I'm just up trying to get back on track for my night schedule ! 
had a great night at work last night . supervised , dropped my first horse , everything went smoothly and i learned a lot . hopefully another good one tonight ! 
really wishing < PROPFEMALE > could stay longer . We are going to miss her like crazy ... as always :( 
cleaned out the car , < PROPMALE > mowed the yard , was hoping to get more stuff done but for now we are stuck at toyota for at least an hour waiting on an oil change 
apperantly when i dont eat for over 12 hours then have some wine i get a nose bleed ... 
SCRAP BOOKING !!! :) 
working on < PROPFEMALE>'s scrap book again . Enjoying a night off 
very happy to have two days off after a long work week . excited about date day with my man tomorrow ! going to a movie and cooking dinner together :) 
crazy night at work but at least it makes it go by fast . now for bed looking forward to spending time with my man tonight ! :) 
wishing it wasn't so expensive to fly to England ! I want to go see my grandma :( 
yay !!! im on my way home . was scheduled to work but got off . so excited to spend some time with < PROPMALE > ! havent had a day off together in over a week ! :) 
is about to pull my hair out over student loans ! but the dog trainer finally got back to me and < PROPFEMALE>'s classes start the 9th ! 
\Happiness isn't happiness without a violin playing goat \"" 
is ready for six a.m. 
just spent some time and the library !!! I love our library i'm going to spend lots of time there . Now i'm going to read and scrapbook ! :) love my life :) 
busy exciting week ahead ! going out tonight , work tomorrow , < PROPMALE > is coming to visit , and Hats Off on sat ! :) 
had a wonderful time with the fam . Excited about a great weekend with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
spending some time with my love , we have orientation tonight for < PROPFEMALE>'s classes . 
is basically about to freak out ( pretty much I am ) over wedding plans , about to say f it and we are eloping 
for some reason or another Tears for Fears songs just started popping into my head .. so i'm youtubing songs ... its wonderful ! 
has WAY too much energy for 5 am ! I think its from laughing my butt off looking at old pictures and thinking about funny times at midway ... so now I'm going to take < PROPFEMALE > for a long walk in hopes to get to bed soon ! 
going to have a rough afternoon , have to say good bye to my longest standing client who is like part of the family to me . At least he will be in a better place . 
one of the hardest things in life is feeling/seeing life leave 
there are the cutest shepard pups out at the park ! 
me and < PROPMALE > Wells made an amazing dinner ! a taste pasta dish with asparagus , mushrooms , snow peas and shrimp . Now I'm getting ready for work . Cross your fingers ! Second time supervising this week ! 
glad to hear that my Grandma is home from the hospital ! Also glad that last night went well . Here goes round two ( starting at midnight ) for me and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
finally found a house for the wedding(waiting to hear back from the people ) , picked out colors , found a florist and a photographer in the area , and looked at rings today ! :) 
YAY !!! The house that we want is available for the wedding !!!! :) :) :) Now we just need to come up with the money for the deposit ! 
is going to have a long day tomorrow filled with Hobby Lobby , < PROPFIRST>'s , < PROPFIRST>'s Bridal , and then of course the dog park for some quality mother daughter time with < PROPFEMALE > :) ( I'm sure < PROPMALE > is glad he is working so I don't drag him around with me to look at arts and crafts stuff :P ) 
so glad that I finally found my ipod , hopefully it will make tomorrow morning's jog a little bit more bearable ... hopefully 
has lost 10lbs ! :) 
had a great time with old friends ... going to suck getting up in a few hours though .. 
had a great time with family today ! < PROPFEMALE > R Dickson's baby shower was great . Can't wait to meet baby < PROPMALE > ! 
great ... isn't the way I'm feeling ... sore throat and ears hurt ... go away ! 
is feeling much better ! which is good considering yesterday I would walk about 20 feet and feel completely drained and exhausted ... didn't even make it to bed until early this morning , just slept on the couch . Hopefully i'm done being sick ! 
me and < PROPMALE > Wells are having a nice date night . Watching Bounty < PROPMALE > and enjoying some Four Roses 
just rode for the first time in months . < PROPFIRST > acted as though i was just out there yesterday , came up to me like hi mom i'm ready to go ! 
starting to get stuff together to have a yard sale . Its amazing how many coffee cups we have and we don't drink coffee , thank you < PROPFEMALE > A < PROPMALE > 
< PROPMALE > Wells wants to kill me ... we are trying to clean out the garage and I'm trying to keep everything ... as he puts it I try and keep things that I think I may need one day ... I really do have the makings of being a hoarder ... 
if anyone knows of someone looking for a place to stay anytime during WEG we have a bedroom we would like to rent out . They would also have their own bathroom and full use of the kitchen and living room . 
is part of the rare group that wants monday to come faster 
may take things too personal sometimes but I'm trying my hardest so it is personal 
just love 
needs to get some khaki's for work , AAEP Sport Horse Symposium in the am , then working tomorrow night 
is now wondering if I'm going to make it to the AAEP Sport Horse Symposium in the a.m. because I'm up with the dog who is sick :( 
is glad < PROPMALE > Wells and I have gotten over our minor/major panic attack about Bailey ... thank goodness < PROPFIRST > looked at her and calmed us down . She just needs some pepto and she isn't dehydrated 
ended up taking < PROPFEMALE > to the vet today . She seems to finally be feeling better . Apparently there was a recall on her Iam's dog food ... still not sure if thats what is bugging her but we will see . It was super nice of the vet to tell us that < PROPFEMALE > is the AKC standard though :) 
can't wait to get the computer cord in the mail so that we can use it again ! 
not a fan of 14 hour work days .... but id better get use to it . foaling season is just around the corner 
computer cord still hasn't come in the mail , my phone is about at the end of its life , and the car just died as I was driving it on Man O War .... great times .... 
doesnt like that < PROPMALE > is working nights and im off :( and i have to call toyota and yell at them tomorrow . cars should not just shut down while driving ... 
the computer cord FINALLY came in the mail !!! :) Should have the car back by tomorrow ! YAY ! 
Is glad Eggelston's ( the car ) brain surgery went well . He is back home and as good as new so far except he needs some food ... had fun at Keeneland with < PROPMALE > . We only lost 40 cents ! Mex was delicious ... then came home and feel asleep for too long , and there was an incident with frozen soda ( thank you < PROPMALE > ) ... 
of course I would be getting sick ... 
Eight years ago today I met my high school sweetheart and the love of my life . 
so use to working nights i cant sleep ... got to be up in a few hours to help build a playground ! 
glad I'm feeling better but only got a few hours of sleep , but I'm excited about helping build a playground ! 
over 250 volunteers and we built a playground in 6 hours ! It was a fun day ! Montgomery Gentry was also out there helping 
just booked a cabin for our mini vacation . I can't wait ! :) 
has defiantly learned to not let my guard down at 5 am and think that I could leave early ... thank you 5 am colics for teaching me a lesson .... 
Yay for already being home and coming home to a clean house ! My fiancee rocks ! And I get to spend the whole day with him tomorrow yay ! ( thank you to < PROPFIRST > for letting me be off ! ) 
ears hurt , sore throat , sneezing my head off ... bring on the mucinex , hot tea , water , vitamins and sleep ... ugh the rainy weather doesn't help either ! 
looking at pictures of adoptable dogs ... this is dangerous territory ... have to keep telling myself no ! cant get any more animals until we have our own house 
hopes everyone has fun Halloween weekend . me ? oh I'll be working .... as usual 
can't wait to see baby < PROPMALE > in a few days ! Then the cabin trip next week ! :) Yay ! 
only had to sit at Toyota for a little over an hour this time .... 
REALLY hates home depot sometimes ... would love it if they wouldn't mess with < PROPMALE>'s schedule so that we could actually do things as planned 
I love < PROPMALE > soooooo much ! He is the best guy ever he makes me so happy . I love him to death ... 
nearly had a panic attack because I didn't think I could get my < PROPFEMALE>'s .. 
successful night 
retracts my previous status when I start thinking of some of the conversation and some of the people that we present to hear my ridiculousness .... 
had a great day with the family . Met baby < PROPMALE > , he is freaking adorable ! And we have < PROPFEMALE > for a second night . Back on the road tomorrow . Only two days of work then time for our cabin vacation ! 
broke down and turned the heat on . It was 35 on our way in to Lex and suppose to get down to 28 tomorrow :( 
Zenyatta would have had Blame in two more strides , but she is still the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
going hiking , turning our phones off and getting settled into the cabin soon ! :) Yay vacation ! 
Happy birthday to my wonderful fiancee < PROPMALE > Wells , and to our beautiful labrador < PROPFEMALE > who is one today ! Had an amazing week in Red River < PROPFIRST > , can't wait to go back ! 
feels like a bit of a baby ... I miss < PROPMALE > already .... now to get back on night schedule ... ugh 
< PROPMALE > comes home and now there are guns all over the living room ... 
starting to shop for christmas online .... ugh .... I have a love hate relationship with this time of the year 
gave up walking at the arboretum after < PROPFEMALE > took off after a squirrel yanking my shoulder out of socket and leaving me eating dirt ... as well as grass and dirt stains all over my clothes ... it was quiet a tumble and would have been hilarious to witness , thankfully for my ego there were no witness's 
my random thought this morning ( well my morning which is really afternoon ) .... I need to make that asparagus that is in the fridge , the asparagus is a product of Peru ... I would like to go to Peru one day because that is where Paddington Bear is from ... and thats how I think when I wake up ... 
had a fun and productive evening at work which involved going over the dystocia cart ( for the 50th time ) but it was the first time we ran it down the hill and back up :) ended the morning with various songs from Grease then jammed out in the car to Alanis and Tears for Fears 
trying to decide on what phone and company to get .... Droid with Verizon .... or iphone with AT&T .... any suggestions ? 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!! 
drive home nearly took 6 hours thanks to the weather also thanks to the weather I am sitting at home shopping online instead of out with all the crazies ... 
very productive shopping day ! Got a new washer and dryer , started on xmas gifts , and < PROPMALE > and I got Droids ! I'm now with verizon , same number 
trying to figure out if I can sync my itunes on my < PROPMALE > with my droid .... 
It's too cold . I want to move to Florida 
In my efforts to stay warm I hurt myself ... of course ... 
loves when my Grandma sends me packages randomly . I got a vest and a \16 < PROPFEMALE > special souvenir pull-out\ " on < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > :) Just wish I could go see her more often ! " 
really wants sushi ! 
Putting our Christmas tree up today ! 
came home to a Christmas massacre ! Left < PROPFEMALE > out when we went to go do some shopping and come home to the tree laid up against the wall and she had torn apart some ornaments 
Nearly finished with Christmas shopping . Have half of the gifts wrapped . Now to make puppy chow for < PROPMALE > and I to take to work tomorrow 
Is at 13 work hours and I still have 2 more .... will be up for 18 hours before I get to bed .... 
really wishes sometimes that I worked normal hours , like now when I got two phone calls about appointments for this week and because it was right in the middle of me sleeping I can't remember either of them ! 
I'll play this game ... send me your number 
42 : Your such a great person and I don't know what I would do without you ! I don't like your feet but I can live with that . Thank you for being there for me all the time . Love you more than anything 
96 : would have liked to have gotten to know you better when you lived around here ! Enjoyed our riding class at Midway and went to your birthday party when I worked at TCF . You are a fun girl ! And I'm jealous you live in a warmer state :) 
77 : college wouldn't have been the same without you ! Even though we don't talk and see each other as much as we should I consider you to be one of my best friends and like a sister to me . We have had so many good times together and have always been there for one another and I wouldn't trade it for anything ! Love you lots ! Can't wait to see you soon ! :) 
23 : love seeing pictures of your beautiful family on here and its always great to see you guys in person when I get to ! Wish I could see you and your family more often . Love you guys ! 
11 : Your awesome . We still need to work on the brilliant comic strip . I miss you and your love so much ! Your a really good guy and congratulations on graduating soon ! 
is getting my washer and dryer as we speak ! :) but then I'm going to have to go out in the cold and get laundry detergent ... 
getting ready to go have sushi with some friends ! 
needs to finish Christmas shopping this week , thankfully < PROPFEMALE>'s presents arrived in the mail today . 
Is ready for my bed and my dog to cuddle with ... Nathaniel too but he has to get up an hour after ill be getting in bed 
Only got charged for two margaritas and I had four . Yay ! Love this place 
loading more music onto the computer and going to sync my new ipod ! hanging out with my puppy and going to wrap presents . Has had a great night with good friends , just wish < PROPMALE > was home but glad he is having fun hunting . 
seeing Nyquil , Mucinex and some hot tea in my very near future feeling really icky :( 
sooo .... < PROPMALE > killed a deer on his hunting trip . And we wanted to show it to < PROPFEMALE > so < PROPMALE > just picks it up out of the truck and lays it in the yard ( the first half anyway it was cut in two and gutted ) of course < PROPFEMALE > is afraid of it then wants to play with it . Then the poor little boy across the street who is like six comes outside with his mom ... 
Was hoping to make it to R&R's Christmas lunch tomorrow but is feeling really crappy again and can't sleep 
made it to R&R for lunch and glad I did . It was yummy and I won an Xbox with my raffle ticket ! Got a sweet card from my Grandma with some pictures of Gramps , and finished up Christmas shopping ! Best of all got to spend all day with my fiancee . 
Finally wrote an acceptable admit 
Just had a yummy dinner at my dads and now getting ready to open presents ! 
having a great time in southern IL with my family ! Wish it could last longer . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Hope everyone has a great day and safe travels 
of course I would wake up sick ! I've been sick more times this year then ever ... ugh 
feels like I'm dying and the doctors at my health department are on vacation ... and the other one isn't taking new patients til April ... wonderful 
finally got some meds ! Yay ! 
home from work . Fun night ! Going to take a shot of bourbon to celebrate taking my first foal emergency and go to bed to wake up and do it all over again :) 
Loves Tuesdays ... going to bed .. training in sx tomorrow 
Well .... that sucked 
Just had a wonderful massage at v.s. salon and spa 
First dystocia with the dream team ! 
Will never trust someone to give a thirty minute out call again .... 
Yay ! Zenyatta horse of the year . Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > Z and everyone involved 
congrats to my little brother who got his collage acceptance letter today ! 
just wants to be able to sleep today ! 
can't wait to see some friends that I haven't seen in a while this evening . \Celebrate we will because life is short but sweet for certain \"" 
productive and educational weekend at work leads to me finally sleeping ! 
Love it when I know I'm right 
Yay movie night ! 
can't wait for my trip back to IL in a few days to see my family and work on wedding plans 
Just had a yummy dinner with my dad , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and my brother . Now I'm coloring by candle light because there is no power at my moms 
Just booked our ceremony and reception site ! October 22nd 2011 
Just found my dress ! Knew it was the one when we all started crying 
after a lot of hard work I have lost 23 lbs and finally fit into a new pair of work pants that I bought months ago ! 
working on finding my goal picture ... going to find an old pic of me and post it to remind myself what I want to look like again ... 
my profile picture is my goal picture ! What i'm working toward to look like again 
Horrible nausea and shaking like a leaf .... oh and I'm at work for 9 more hours ... ugh 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Had a good time with my mom and < PROPFEMALE > . Wish they could have stayed longer . My procedure went well . Now time for . a nap 
getting ready to hit the road with Nathaniel ... and I still have no idea where we are going or what we are doing .. 
had a wonderful time with < PROPMALE > Wells . He took me to a very nice B&B and we did nothing ! It was great to relax and spend time together . The chocolate covered strawberrys weren't bad either ... 
the pitcher of < PROPFEMALE>'s hit the spot ... 
just ordered our save the dates ! 
if its not one thing its another .... 
just got my ass kicked by my first ever personal trainer , but its going to be worth it ! 
this weekend at work is kicking my ass . At least I don't feel guilty about not going to the gym because I've definitely been getting a work out . 
Wish I was going with my grandmother on her 18 day cruise ! 
going to read some hp and then take a nap before going to the gym . Feel like I've gotten no sleep today , never again will I schedule appointments that I have to be up at 10 a.m. when I don't get to bed til 7 a.m. 
thinking that having wine after a 12 hour shift yesterday and not getting to bed until 9:30 am kind of hindered me switching over to being awake during the day . But it was worth it ! 
Ugh .... its going to cost us a fortune in gas to go back to IL this weekend ... 
Made it back to KY . Nice to be home . However I nearly got sick half way through my personal training appt . That guy is kicking my ass ! 
had a great time in IL . Very glad I was able to get some time off , it was much needed . Looking forward to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > being here later today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > car bombs !!! 
Had a wonderful night with friends and singing music til the early hours of the morning 
just ordered mine and my moms tickets for Rolex ! Cant wait for our mother/daughter weekend ! 
Is hoping we have a better success rate then last night . Oh and actually getting to take a break wouldnt be to bad either ! 
Finally slept better , had an awesome session with my trainer , took < PROPFEMALE > to the park , now Mex ! Great day ! 
just got my tickets for Rolex !!! 
\I'm glad we are friends because we both are like five year olds in hobby lobby . \"" 
Come on mother nature , 70 degree weather then sleet and snow ... really ? 
Working on wedding plans ! :-) 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > for once again kicking my ass . Now on top of the colics kicking my ass , me injuring myself , I now have rug burn and blisters from my work out 
Is more then ready for spring like weather instead of winter 
Did I really need to start throwing up at work ... really 
This is not how I want to spend my week ... please let this just be a 24hr thing ... ugh 
Is very grateful to have such a wonderful man to take care of me when I'm sick 
