once again ... alone on a Fri night .. wtf lol 

wut a shitty ass day .. and stuck at work .. 
wow < PROPFEMALE > ! we now train our kids like our dogs .. by putting leashes on them .. wtf happened 2 good ol ass whoopings ! 
What we can do for another is the test of powers ; what we can suffer is the test of love . 
love is evil ... spell it backwards .. 
i have 2 admit .. eminem's new album recovery is some sick shit .. some of his best lyrics ever .. 
Turn on the shower , lock the door . \ 
Fall upon the tile and cry once more . \ 
Grab a towel , damp the sounds . Don`t\ 
let a soul hear that you`re breaking down . 
how the hell does paper beat rock ? stand in front of me and ill throw a rock at you while you protect yourself with a piece of paper 
g'night , sleep tight , feel anything bite ... its just me ;) 
Mosquitoes , gnats , no-see-ums ; . they're all winged spawns of Satan . 
Welcome to the Psychiatric Hot line . If you are obsessive-compulsive , press 1 repeatedly , Co-dependent , ask some to press 2 , Schizophrenic press 3-9 
Welcome to my profile straitjackets are on The wall 2 the left and the meds are in the box on the table . Hope you enjoyed your visit . Come back soon ! 
I disagree with < PROPFEMALE > Jewelers . I'm willing to bet that more kisses begin with booze . 
so in life we always have that 1 person we count on 2 get us threw our low points in life .. wut happenes when that person needs some1 .. every1 is 2 busy .. so alone I stand .. as every1 I stood by .. watches me break an fall .. 
... Can someone to tell me why there is braille on drive thru ATM machines . Am I missing something here ?? 
smooth and dreamy like my weeny 
Is going to be riding into the sunset naked on a purple llama with a bottle of rum in hand . (: 
love is evol .. it gives the other person power over who u are .. and the power 2 tear apart the person u r .. leavn u standin empty handed staring down at the remainders of wut once was Ur heart who ever said its better 2 have loved and lost than 2 have never loved at all is a fuckn moron if still alive shud b tortured .. heartache like this is beyond wut I can handle .. thank god 4 strong boose this man is now empty .. 
fuck the world .. get a child outta her .. 
been 2 hell an back .. I can show u vouchers 
You want to live life to the fullest don't plan for the best . Plan for something like Godzilla or testicle eating zombie Smurfs or something of that nature . 
wait .. what did u ask again ? oh never mind , forget it .. i know this one . oh just go ahead and tell me for the 3rd time . oh now i get it .. wait .. what now ? 
swallow my cockachino and make it foamy 
I'm only gonna have 1 drink 2nite ... but the 1 I want is at the bottom of the bottle .. I'm gonna have 2 drink all that liquor 2 get that 1 .. 
get off my antidisestablishmentarianism you pricks ! 
in the event of my Demise when my heart can beat no more I Hope I Die For A Principle or A Belief that I had Lived 4 I will die Before My Time Because I feel the shadow's Depth so much I wanted 2 accomplish before I reached my Death I have come 2 grips with the possibility and wiped the last tear from My eyes I Loved All who were Positive In the event of my Demise .. 
I swear ... some1 will die b4 my shift is over ... how sad is it when common sense is hard 2 come by .. an next time u visit the local grocery store .. and u decide 2 b a bitch or < PROPMALE > 2 the cashier .. he may b a ticking time bomb and snap Ur fucken neck or stab u in the eye with a pen an than kick the shit out of u while u lay there bleeding an cryin like a bitch :) 
So I think I'm gonna start my own nudist colony .. at my house .. if u need directions let me know 
the sun was shining on my bald head as I strolled 2 work .. felln pret < PROPMALE > good ... than 1 by 1 fuck tards kept comn through my line fuckn up my day .. breakn the chains holdn in my demon .. he's almost Free'd may god have mercy on the poor fuck who breaks the last chain ... p . s ... < PROPMALE > bri an sky u keep my dir < PROPMALE > mind smiling ;) 
ever get the < PROPFEMALE > 2 just skull fuck some1 ? or is that just me .... =/ 
give me 2 popsicle sticks and a rubber band and I'll find a way 2 fuck it like a filthy MacGyver ! 
running with scissors .. BRB 
another fun filled day wanting on mindless mouth breathers non stop .. bout ready 2 put My head in a deep fryer ...... balls too 
I think I'm gonna whip out my junk an shake it at the next old hag that comes through my line bitching :) mayb they will let me go home after that =D 
If you see a giant chicken waving at you through your window later I swear it's not me !!! 
so ... when walkin in2 NE kind of aquatic zoo .. such as sea world .. u r frowned upon and escorted out with sever hostility when bringing in Ur fishing pole an tackle box .. just a note 2 those whom have that about that .. 
is now dancing naked through your subconscious ! 
so has ne1 noticed that the krusy krab is bikini bottom ? 
day started off great ... went 2 work .. the day went 2 complete shit ! thank u < PROPFIRST > Meyer .. u r a sess pool 4 incompetent fuckn mouth breathers .. hurry up 11pm so I can sit my ass at home an drink beer alone :/ 
We ignore those who adore us . Adore those who ignore us . Love the ones who hurt us . Hurt the ones who love us ... Than wonder what happened .. 
havnt even been at work 4 an hour .... this is gonna b hell ... I may get fired 2day 
ok .. I figured it out .. the question ... which came 1st .. the chicken or the egg ? answer .. neither the rooster came 1st ! HA ! 
working in retail .. allows u 2 witness where our country is headed .. it is sad .. < PROPFEMALE > is in a downward spiral . common sense , courtesy , the ability 2 comprehend simple task or 2 even b alert of Ur surroundings .. such as simple reading of signs is decaying in humanity .. the days of the Neanderthals is not far from our future .. < PROPFEMALE > is becoming more fatter , lazier and flat out selfish .. 
I am Mr. amazing pockets ! 
bow chick a wow wow 
just a thing of the past .. a faded memory .. a dull smile in an old photograph .. a face of familiarity a name u can't remember .. just a faded memory .. 
bored as fuck at work .. ppl watching is great .. its amazing how many ppl pick their nose , ass and no no places when they think no1 is watching .. or come in the store wearing their boxer shorts .. really .. wtf ?!? Lol 
if my tax dollars pay your welfare , you should cook me dinner , work my shift , and share your drugs at least once a week . o and take your birth control too !!! 
HOLY < PROPFEMALE > CLAUSE SHIT ! 
I need a fat man friendly tub :D 
' s not gonna lie . . . it's so HOT I got the music up loud , a cold beer in my hand , and I'm standing naked in front of my open fridge ! AND I'M LOVING IT ! 
This wonderful Friday sponsored by Coors Light and your friends at Jagermeister .. 
throw dirt on me and grow a wild flower .. but its fuck the world , get a child outa her .. ya my life a bitch but u know nuthin bout her .. been 2 hell n back .. I can show u vouchers 
I am McLoven 
so ... wut r Ur thoughts on male camel-toe ? 
I'm gonna put my < PROPMALE > in there mouths .. so its fuck wut they say ! 
alone I stand .... alone I fall ... fuck all ya'll!! 
so fn nice out ... no1 @ rainrock .. just me an my pooch .. and fn horse flys ... fuckers ! 
pretty sure I just wanna fuck Ur face ... 
time 2 get all sexed nuts and retard strong ! 
So .. drive 2 Portland $60 .. strip club $200 .. lil bro's 21st day an 1st time in a strip club ... pricless ! 
Made to fight , Made to bruise . Piss me off and you're gonna lose .. 
gotta admit ... she is pretty amazing ! :) 
think its time 2 burn my bridges .. set my house a blaze .. ride away with a smile on my face an middle finger in the air 
down hill ... yep that's how I roll 
so havn 2 pee in a cup sucks as it is .. but when u don't screw the lid on right an Ur pee dribbles all over Ur hand when they hav u tip it over 2 make sure it dosent leak .. yep .. it was a special moment .. 
< PROPFEMALE > day in oregon ... check day off 2 enjoy ... check . sittin butt ass neked at the river cause no1 is here .... fn triple X check ! 
cocaine's a Hella of a drug ! 
he called the shit , poop ! 
15 bucks little man put that shit in my hand .. 
grabbin gears an running over queers 
so just got My phone turned back on .. thank u Verizon .. on my bday .. u shut me off 2 the world .. 
and thank u all 4 the bday wishes :) 
< PROPFIRST > 2day .. tongue piercings an haunted corn mazes .. hmm ... cud use some acid .. 
gonna tear shit up ! 
SUCK ME BEAUTIFUL ! 
so I think I've decided wut I want 4 Christmas ... a black midget with down syndrome .. so please keep Ur eyes open .. they r rare 
I don't want a large farva .. I want a goddamn liter o cola !! 
fuck wut I said , it don't mean shit now .. fuck the presents may as well throw them out .. fuck all those kisses they didn't mean < PROPFIRST > ... fuck you , you hoe .. you'll never get me back . 
.... wow ... seriously ... the worst day of my life ! 
seriously ... so sick of Bn told have a happy thanksgiving ... fuck the holidays ! 
rtsp :/ / v1.cache8.c.youtube.com/CjgLENy73wIaLwnvs9tFRXQe2BMYESARFEIJbXYtZ29vZ2xlSARSB3Jlc3VsdHNg8oDX1bGprNFMDA==/0/0/0/video.3gp 
\wut If\ " ... the endless question .. the question that makes u look back at Ur past with a different perspective .. so much time can b lost in the vast eternity of our minds .. better 2 simplify .. wut if our paths had never crossed ... or I never happened ... wut if .. " 
frozen pizza .. vodka an everclear .. HAPPY FUCKEN THANKGIVING !! 
after every storm the sun will always break through the dark clouds . 
I have layer upon layer of dormant muscle :P 
had court 2day went soooo much better than I had anticipated My reckless charge got Reduced 2 a carless driving traffic violation which means no felony an no jail :) just more diversion classes an a shit load of fines which sux but as expected .. so now on the road 2 recovery an gettn my life back 2gether .. thank u all who have stuck by my side in my lowest time of life . its there when u find out who Ur real friends r 
I finally feel like I'm back 2 normal , I feel like me again , let me formally reintroduce myself to u for those of u who don't know , the new me's back 2 the old me I'm not shown ne signs of slown up I'm blowin up an back with a vengeance 
Its not how well you can weather the storm , its how well you can dance in the rain . 
is there a polite way 2 punch some1 in the throat ? 
a b c d e f g , GuMmY bEaRs ArE cHaSiN mE !!! 1 iS rEd , 1 Is BlUe , 1 Is PeEiN oN mY sHoE ! NoW iM rUnNiN fOr My LiFe CuZ tHe ReD 1 HaS A kNiFe ! 
had an amazing dinner ready 4 me when I got off work .. now that the house is empty time 2 snuggle up on the couch with my even more amazing girlfriend an watch movies :) 
To think of the future , means to forgot about the past . but if the past is all you think about , then you will have no future . 
Great minds discuss ideas , average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people 
If a canoe tips over in your front yard and all four wheels fall off . How long would it take a monkey with a wooden leg to kick all the seeds out of a pickle ? 
Wonders why we don't get little toys in are cereal anymore ! :( 
In quietness u find wisdom , in wisdom you find truth , in truth you find trust , in trust you find love , in love you find happiness in happiness you find you 
I just found my green crayon . Just lost my red one . No don't roll off the table blue crayon !!! My Orange crayon broke . I hate these crayons ! 
it doesn't matter how hard you can hit . it matters how hard you can get hit , get back up and keep fighting 
There are times when silence speaks with the loudest voice and carries the heaviest impact . 
Morning , thus we meet again . You know nobody likes you right ? You and Monday are completely useless to me . Go away ... shew ... shew I say !! 
The difference between tattooed people and non-tattooed people is : tattooed people don't care if your not tattooed . 
I can already tell it's going to be another one of those mornings where I'm not < PROPMALE > and famous . 
had the day off :) me an my baby went 2 the beach with the pooch .. sooo fn nice out 2day .. walked old town .. took a lil siesta now time 4 class .. ugh .. 
OMG .. I just found out that someone you slept with has an STD but dont worry I just saved money by switching my car insurance to GEICO .. 
Flame thrower proves that sometime , somewhere , someone said to them self . I want to set those people over there on fire , but they are to far away 
It's raining , it's pouring . I wish I was still snoring . I left my bed , must be outta my head . I bid you all a good morning 
Chinese translation for 69 : twocanchew 
Obama has decided to conserve more energy by turning off the light at the end of the tunnel 
Today's crappy attitude is proudly sponsored by the alarm clock . 
I'm just amazed by her :) 
a day at the outlet mall .. despite the horiffic weather had an amazing day .. romantic dinner at a over priced restaurant but good .. relaxing hot bath an now movie time .. perfect day all because of her :) 
Where's the f'n delete button ?!? 
I'd be thrilled that today is Friday ... if I had tomorrow off ! 
its mine ! I licked it !! 
Have you ever noticed that when you are driving and smell something out of the ordinary , the first thing you do is turn down the radio ? 
Chinese food always a great idea ... 1 hour later sittn on the pot poo'n it all out ... no longer a good idea .. 
some old guy comes through my line an ask \if Germany were to attack Italy from behind would Greece help ? \ " . ha ! " 
if you're making love to music , use a live album cos you get a round of applause every 3 minutes . 
im just a rambling man ... 
hates when I do something like a ninja and there is nobody around to see ! 
i have a plan ; all i need is some duct tape , chewing gum , a wet noodle , a midget that looks like the riddler , a stuffed monkey and yesterday's newspaper ... 
assgasket ! 
If you could hear the voices in my head you'd be backing away right now . 
< PROPFIRST > sheen .... = just another tweeker 
this is the new shit ! 
seriously ... fuck 2day ! may as well try my luck with nailing jello 2 a tree .. 
Big shout out 2 Hawaiian punch jelly beans .. U made this fat kids night :) 
well ... phone is busted ... :) 
got my newish phone 2day .. my old 1 went out the car window an got ran over .. which didn't bother me .. than found out my memory card got damaged :( lost all my pics .. but life goes on .. so I need 2 make sure I have every1s # right .. so not 2 sound gay .. TEXT ME =P 
so fresh an so clean , clean 
titties an teeth .. 
well get out your forks cause my big ass is done !! 
my goat itches ... 
wash yo winkie 
why do people think they can just walk all over you then act like nothing happened , but when you treat them the same way it's a different story !! 
fresh air an sunshine never felt so good ! 
