Happy New Year !!!!!! 

I've been busy trying to find some resembelence of sanity while managing my classes . It's going well though . I'm sure that as soon as I get used to when whats-do-when for all my classes things will calm down . How are you and your kids doing ? 
i'm quickly deciding that i really like the show NCIS .... 
My first test in my Chem class is Thursday . Which direction are the hills ? 
I survived my chem test ..... now I must do the rest of my homework , along with next weeks chemistry * sigh * 
can't wait for the season premere of NCIS this coming Tuesday . 
thinks that there needs to be more hours in a day so she can actually finish everything she needs to do for school for once ( and have time to breath ) 
understands how to name acids in Chemistry . =D 
had fun getting a facial today . 
survived her first speech in her public speaking class last night 
wonders how knowing that there are 8.44 x10^22 aluminum atoms in 3.78 g of aluminum will help me in reality . ( seriously ) 
got to play with fire in chem lab today 
need's to stop putting things off till the last minute ( like my creative writing homework ) 
hopes that she'll get as much done tommorrow as she did today . 
wonders if the \facts\ " on the Snapple caps are accurate or not . " 
has discovered facebook games 
this week has gone by REALLY fast 
can't wait for finals to be over and be on Christmas break 
It's finals week .... =S 
well , off to my math final .... then only my Chemistry final to go 
\Let your heart love unhindered by fear or rejection . \"" 
1 more day until my Christmas break begins ! 
horray ! Free at last ! Christmas break has begun 
So many school papers to get rid of from this semester .... the recycling industry must love me 
love's cheese cake ....... 
Happy New Year ! 
1 more week left of break then its the begining of another semester 
got her wisdom teeth out yesterday and is no longer terribly afriad of IV's . 
classes have started again . Farwell to Christmas break and hello to homework . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . 
has only six weeks left of school !! =D 
The last tests and finals are begining to loom like clouds 
I found that I can get to facebook on my phone =D 
made rosewater today 
was surprised to realized today that I only have two weeks left of classes before finals week . 
is happy now that finals are over !!!! =D 
has 3 weeks of from school before summer school starts 
Summer classes start tomorrow 
questions the necessity of precalculus 
has discovered the spicy chicken sandwitch from Chick-fil-A 
I have my Chemistry lab midterm today ........ ='S 
watched fireworks from my bedroom window . The traffic was like nonexistant .... 
Does anyone know how to turn the facebook volume up or down ? 
\The strongest people you know now were once the weakest . \"" 
I think \I survived my chemistry class\ " should be on a T-Shirt somewhere . " 
If your brave , copy this to your status and see what people rate you as . ( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) sexy ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) goofy ( 13 ) funny ( 14 ) awesomly awesome ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beautiful ( 17 ) cute ( 18 ) best friend ( 19 ) I'd marry you :) 
I felt like I was getting a crash course in the Greek Alphabet during my math class with all the symbols . 
now has two weeks of summer break before the fall semester starts . I have serious plans ........ 1 . recuperate and rest up from summer classes . 2 . pretend to get a few productive things done . 3 . goof offf ....... all in time to get my things organized for fall classes and become bored so I actually feel like I want to go back to school in two weeks . 
The parking lots at MCC was so crowded today that there were rows of cars parked in the front lawn of the school ! 
so I was stopped at a light a while ago and I saw a car that was going the opposite direction I was and stopped at the opposite light that I thought was a police car . Then when he went past me I saw that he had two bars across the top of his car with what looked like colored tape on them to make people think it was a police car . 
So I was kind of bummed today when I was eating my lunch . I went to get my second peanut butter and jelley sandwich and saw that I had already eaten it .... but somehow I have no memory of when I ate it . ='( 
So I am firmly convinced that I absolutely love my Arabic class . My teacher feeds us more often than she does not . 
I feel like I took an unplanned tour of the east valley today . I was sooo lost ! 
doesn't like pollen very much ; or animal dander . 
feels like the weeks are going by faster and faster ; not like I am complaining . 
went into handbell practice yesterday knowing absolutely nothing about how to play handbells and when I left I felt like I was getting the < PROPFEMALE > of it . I am pretty happy with myself . 
is trying really hard to be patient with my two hour and twenty minute Arabic class tonight 
Just might be able to get all of my laundry done today for once . I have been trying to teach my laundry to do itself for several years now and at this I have failed . 
So , alas I did not manage to finish all of my laundry as I had planned . I still haven't folded it and it has been sitting in a basket for oh I would say about a week now , probably longer ....... =( 
Is finally done with laundry . Wahooo ! For this week anyway .... 
is definitely not destined to be a biology < PROPMALE > . I cannot stand my BASIC bio class ; aside from a few things that I am finding interesting . However , usually the interesting parts are ironically the parts I also understand . It is pretty amazing how the two correlate . 
Nutella + Peanut Butter = really tastey 
So apparently last night , my dad was unloading some things from his car last night and went out to find that the gray and white cat my dad named \Fraidy Cat\ " sitting in the front passanger seat . He ran out real fast once he saw my dad walking toward the car . To bad I couldn't get a pic . " 
So apparently last night , my dad was unloading some things from his car and went out to find that the gray and white cat my dad named \Fraidy Cat\ " sitting in the front passanger seat . He ran out real fast once he saw my dad walking toward the car . To bad I couldn't get a pic " 
So I have determined that I do not have a sign in my head that says \Space for rent . \ " I have a sign that says \ " Sale Pending . \"" 
loves Saturdays !!! My day to relax . 
< PROPFEMALE > bushes fight back 
Take 60 seconds and give this a shot ! Let's just see if Shaitan ( Satan ) stops this one . \ 
All you do is ... \ 
1 . ) Say : Subhaan-Allah Al-hamdu-Lillah . Allaah-Ho-Akbar . Laa ilaha ilalahu Muhammad - u - Rasoolullah . Allaahumma Salli Alaa Sayyidina Muhammad wa Alaa Aalihi wa Sahabihi Wasallim . 
I wish my dog would stop trying to sabotage my gardening attempts . My poor cabbage plant .... 
finally , finally , finally got to buy myself some new clothes today ! Hamdillah ! 
I think my dog has a taste for cabbage =( 
The Cloud of Final Exams looms ..... 
I wonder if I could lojack my DVD remote ... 
Done with finals ( as of Tuesday) ! I have begun my Christmas break . Time for me to slack off and be unproductive . 
Doesn't wanna make a dentist appointment tomorrow ...... Anyone want to go for me ? 
doesn't like google's new site \improvement\ " where search results start coming up as soon as you start typing . It makes the site really really slow ! " 
Despite my efforts , my room seems to always look like a tornado hit it ..... I am losing my mind . 
I wish my paint would dry faster .... 
So much for going to bed by 12 
brrr ..... it's cold 
My poor summer plants are very cold ( my tomato , hot and < PROPFEMALE > peppers ) .... they have a lot of frost damage from this last week and I am worried that some or all may not make it . =( 
I need to learn to accept that I can do nothing about the speed of time . I can try to use it wisely . 
May my hair dryer RIP . Sadly it died this last week . 
Had fun climbing Squaw Peak yesterday with < PROPFEMALE > 
I found out recently that I have two Phantoms that live near my house ! And this whole time I thought there was only one ! 
I want to buy time management skills . Anyone selling some they aren't using ? 
yawn ... in my personal opinion morning are too early , cold , dark and just generally overrated 
Was reunited with an old friend last night ..... sleep 
As of yesterday , my Christmas break ended and my spring semester began 
One can never have too many fuzzy blankets 
Mwahahahahaha ............. 
Tired .... must sleep ...... 
brrrrr ...... It`s cold ! 
I think I actually succeeded in making my room slightly cleaner today 
It is way to cold outside ! 
I just heard the best option from an automated menu option . It said \if you would like to speak with someone who will guide for the right place .... \ " I don't know how many times I have called a place with an automated menu and not known what I was looking for . " 
WARNING !! Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . TO BLOCK THIS .. go to your kitchen and get a box of aluminum foil . Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breathe through ONLY your left nostril . This is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mother and her pet cat !! Copy and paste as your status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS - PLEASE !! 
yawn ...... mornings .... 
I have discovered that I am strongly opposed to monthly texting limits ! 
It baffles me how I can spend so little time in my room/house and it can become such as disaster anyway . 
Only 7 more days until my phone < PROPMALE > cycle starts over and I can text again ! 
Mornings are not my friend at all ! Especially the really early ones 
I <3 naps 
I'm over on my minutes and texting until the 18th of this month . So if you could please you facebook or email to get a hold of me until then I would appreciate it . 
Once again the wind is sabotaging my laundry day with wind 
Is mourning the loss of my water heater 
Had a good morning at the zoo with < PROPFEMALE > 
And now I need a nap 
Cookies ! =D 
Almost spring break . Only have to make it until Friday at 10:50 and I will have some freedom ! 
One more 50 minute class then Spring Break will begin ! 
mornings .... grumble .... grumble . \I hate mornings . I'd like them better if they started later\ " - < PROPMALE > Comic " 
Plants , Plants and more Plants ! I am working on my garden this week . 
Maybe I will finish with the gardening today .... maybe if I am really lucky 
Only 2 melons and 1 tree left to plant tomorrow then I will be finished planting . Wahoo ! 
Well 18 corn , 12 marigolds , 6 < PROPFEMALE > beans , 6 Gold and Green mix beans , 6 < PROPFEMALE > tomatoes , 6 Early Girl Tomatoes , 1 < PROPMALE > , 1 Sweet < PROPFEMALE > Pepper , 2 Sugar Baby Watermelons , 2 Cantaloupe , and 1 Fugi apple tree later I am done with my Spring Break Gardening 
I can't find my crayons 
Tired .... I need a nap 
Apparently , gophers like my garden too =( 
My room has gotten to the point where I just can't stand it anymore . I must clean it . 
