is sooo happy to be off today !! 

loves how it feels to stretch first thing in the morning 8-) 
cannot wait for thursday to come !! First I'm going to the SOX vs Cubs game ( GO SOX !! ) then to see Chevelle ( my favorite band) !! It's gonna be the best bday ever !! 
Hogs and Honeys tonight for my bday party !! Hit me up if ur down ... 
Something tells me today is going to be an interesting day since I'm finding the need to start drinking 
Ugh ... I just got the \What are we doing ? What's going on with us ? \ " text . When did guys turn into such chicks ?! " 
is feeling really good right now !! 
Go to urbandictionary.com type in your first name , copy and past this as your status . Put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Last night I saw < PROPFIRST>'s Day , and it made me start thinking about my life and how much I kinda miss having a guy around . Then it ended , and I came to the realization that that's just stupid ... I love being who I am and being free !! Oh how I love my life these days !! 
finally found the perfect dress for the ball =) 
is ready to tailgate and party hard at the SOX game tonight ! 
Lunch with my little sister in a bit , then drinks with my big sister later tonight ... it's gonna be a good day =) 
is a feisty bitch after the interesting day that I had 
is thinking that it just may be time for some romance in my life ... \I don't wanna be a player no more \"" 
is about to Murph it up with my favorite ladies ... woot woot ! 
Anyone interested in a 2 year old black cocker spaniel for FREE ?? I need to find a home for her by Thursday , so someone PLEASE take her ! 
I am soooo sick of all the whiney little bitch guys in my life ! Where are all the real men ?!?! 
Happy 24th Anniversary , < PROPFEMALE > and Dad ! Love you 2 whack jobs ! 
went to bed pissed off . woke up even more pissed off . \JESUS ! FML ! \"" 
is still laughing at everything that has happened in the past week =) I deal with too much bullshit that I dont need sometimes but ya still gotta love life ! 
pizza and italian ice on < PROPFIRST > street ... mmm mmm good ! 
yumminess @ a secret location ... love it ! 
is off to the zoo with my love :) 
had an amazing day with the boy toy ! LML ! 
there's nothing better than getting my mom wasted then sneaking into my house so my dad doesn't hear us when we're wasted off our asses ... love it ! 
is getting sick just in time for what is going to be one of the best weekends all summer . FML :( 
had a blast at the SOX game today ! Can't wait for tomorrow to be even better !!! 
definitely needs a recovery day after 3 days of tailgating and SOX games . Thank god I'm off of work tomorrow 
is getting ready to party it up at a White Party tonight ... this better be good ! 
Oh what a night ! finally got to dance again ... my legs are gonna kill me tomorrow , but I had a ton of fun ! 
How do I get over feeling bad about talking and spending time with other guys when the one that I have in my life doesn't want to be with me and only me ? 
oh what a night ! a great night out with some good friends is exactly what I needed . Thank you ! 
beach day with my Sweet < PROPFIRST > ! woot woot ! 
he baffles and intoxicates me at the same time 
someone at work just told me I look depressed ... i'm feeling more like chewing my own arm off and beating a certain someone in the face with it ! 
it was fun while it lasted ... on to the next ! the old < PROPFEMALE > is back bitches ! 
awwww , my poor little brother has been at the ER since 8am and now has to have surgery on Thursday for something 12 doctors couldn't figure out . poor kid :( 
Oh what an epic night . It was soooo worth all the pain that I'm in 
I love that there's a stack of Maxim and Playboy magazines sitting at my brother's bedside at the hospital . They gotta be from Uncle < PROPFIRST > :) 
I was just at Portillos and some random wannabe jersey shore looking guy came up to me and said that the white nail polish on my toes looked really good and that not just anyone can pull that off , but I have the perfect skin tone for it . ha , FU to all of you that said my white toes were ugly ! 
' boys are gonna say you're sexy cuz you got fat boobs!'-Julia ( my 4 year old niece ) oh how I love that little girl ! 
just had a great dinner with the fam . mmm mmm mmm ... gotta love The Cheesecake Factory :) Happy Birthday Dad !! 
is off to the SOX game with my favorite coworkers . it's gonna be a shit show tonight ! 
just fell down the stairs . FML 
Let you put your hands on me In my skin tight jeans Be your teenage dream tonight ;) 
is excited and ready to get some new ink today ! 
I just fell in love instantly and haven't been this excited in awhile ! 
Tattoo time ! 
My fist < PROPMALE > night ... loooove it ! GO SOX !!! 
getting an early start to Sunday Funday ! SOX bus trip , woo ! 
is staying local tonight , my friends . Starting at Chef Shangri-La for some Fongs , then who knows where we'll end up . Text/call me if you wanna come out and celebrate with me !! 
Thanx everyone for all the birthday wishes yesterday !!! Come on out to Lumen tonight to party like rockstars all night !!! 
It feels good to wake up the morning after my birthday party and feel great :) It sure was fun watching everyone get wasted while I stayed happy and sober . Thanx to those of you that came out ... love you all !!! 
Me being pissed off and out tonight can NOT be a good thing . 
dinner tonight with my 2 favorite scumbags :) 
is at Northerly Island for some < PROPFEMALE > in Chains action ! 
I don't know what's going on here , but I really like it !!! 
I'm not too good to be true , I'm too truthful to be good 
if one more person asks me about it again , someone is gonna get punched in the face ! I'M DONE with it ! 
Trixy and < PROPFEMALE > were outta control last night ! 
You wimp chicken ... hit it bitch !!! 
Housewarming party was a success ... thanx to everyone who came out !!! 
Mmm mmm ... I love me some Dr. < PROPFIRST > ;-) 
' It's never too late for anything if your heart is still beating . ' 
It's kinda sad that I was just woken up by a whole 2 mins of moaning and bed banging coming from the apartment right below me :( 
