Loves being forgotton at work bynher mother and having to get a ride home from a man who I strongly believe is a pedifile . Happy stinking new years . 

You are the one I've been waiting for and with all my heart it is you I adore . You have no phone so I can't talk to you and I miss you so I figured I'd send you a message through my status . I love you and I miss you . 
Talking to Michelle ... did i mention i love her ... well i do :) haha owl city omg 
doing homework because I have school tomorrow .... FML . 
Great Expectations , that book can kiss my butt ... blah 
has oohhh so much to do ... pracrastinating to the maximum ! 
Everything seems to be getting very difficult very quickly , praying that my grandma gets better , shes in the hospital again . 
hanging with < PROPFEMALE > today : ) text me 
How could I possibly want anything else :) 
going out on the boat , again . Wakeboarding ? definatly . 
Aubrie's here , packing for Kansas in the morning . Be back on the 11th 
Is home ! ATC was sweet , miss you all . Work today 430 to 9 
work 330-9 
Ag business periods 1+2-Ryan Intro to college math 3-Weimer government 4th -Bunck Senior Lit 5th-Lopez . Then HOME ! 
Oh god , school starts in less than a week : ( this is officially the end of the last summer before my life really starts . I'm a little scared . Work today 330-9 work tomorrow 9-530 , someone come visit me , please : ) 
:) you make me smile . 
off to babysit , yes its very early , school shopping . 
shopping with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , 2 days until my senior year begins , four days until ....... : ) I love you . 
Last day of summer : ( and i just napped away three hours of it . 
home from first day of school . worl a t4 
work 330-900 
I wanna hold you baby right or wrong Build a world around a country song Pray a sweet prayer , Follow you there , Down in history I wanna love like < PROPFIRST > and June Rings of fire burnin ' with you I wanna walk the line , Walk the line , ' Till the end of time I wanna love , Love ya that much , Cash it all in , Give it all up , And when you're gone , I wanna go , too 
Eww . I saw your moms face today . 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > , we'll miss you . out with < PROPFEMALE > 
When you told me that I was a < PROPFEMALE > in the sky , baby I believed every word . 
home , eating lunch , driving the gator around : ) eating dinner with aubrie and my mom then ffa exec . meeting 
home from school , eating some raisin bran :) work at 4 
at alli conkins : ) tomorrow is friday : 
feels like everything is moving way to fast around her and that she is just standing in one stationary position watching everything fly by . Work tomorrow 930-530ish . 
homework , then doing something with aubrie ? :) 
at work ! yay ! 
going to dayton with alli , daddy conk and momma conk . : ) 
Is absolutely whole heartedly in love , and it feels good . : ) 
sometimes .. things just suck . 
I hate being away from you .. :( 
with aubrie . 
nap time : ) 
FFA meeting at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s house ! Taco night here I come ! 
goodnight world . 
work ... text me 
So i got home from my aunts and then had to drive back cause my grandma locked her keys in the dang car ... : ( oh well 
FFA Tonight , halloween metting , i think i'm going as a ' media center specialist ' as they call it at our school , hah .... librarians . 
Work 430-9 then aubrie < PROPFIRST > time , bitersweet farms tomorrow in the a.m , Applebutter fest sunday , Work at 9 on monday ... joy . 
Trying to find something to do .... work at 4 oclock then four days off !!!! My birthday is on sunday ! : ) 18 freaking years old ahh ! 
so i was thinking that i should write a story .. and I started thinking about what exactly I should write about and I was brought to highschool and i had one of those flashback moments and i snapped out of it and realized how much things have chaged in just the past few months and quite frankly ... I'm freaking happy : ) I love things right now .... Babe I love you so much . 
watching tv , thinking about how my bday is tomorrow and ill be considered an adult .. oh no . 
ahh im 18 ! : ) 
I went places today that only 18 year olds can go .... i like getting carded omg ! 
going to look at cars ! :) 
Hmm test driving cars with the weird but nice salesman ... fun . 
looking for cars again tomorrow ! ahhh !!!! 
shower and then going to bed : ) 
Am I keeping you awake , if I am then just say , You can make your own decisions ; You can make your own mistakes , I'll live and let die all the promises you made , But if you lie another time , it'll be a lie that's too late . 
Has been working on the same paper for government since 1 o'clock . Yuck ! 
Just get through today and everything will be okay , the stars will still shine and your heart will still be mine . Don't worry about me , I know just where I'm gonna be , just what I want you to see . If we just follow our heart it won't keep us apart . 
Christmas pics at work , senior pics with alli , then home . text me 
at work , bored ... i really wanna take a shower , idk why , but i do . off soon thank god 
You call the shots , right down to my shoes I liked what you liked cause you told me to An i don’t think that you could even tell I fell out of love , but it never showed I gave up on us so long ago But you’ll never know baby don’t pretend like you know me so well 
I want your drama The touch of your hand I want your leather-studded kiss in the sand I want your love Love-love-love I want your love 
is freaking out because my speech i typed for gov at school will not open on my computer ... why cant all programs be compatable with eachother .. 
was at schoo all day for model congree just so i could get a 30 second speech in at the end ... 
Position paper . 
sleep . Goodnight world , see you in the morning . 
Going o do the cupid shuffle in the middle of the store ... why ? no actually the question is ... why NOT ? 
work today 1-9 
It's cold in my house .... ugh . 
Teach the wise , and they will be wiser . Teach the righteous , and they will learn more . 
if you are reading this whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory of you and me that pops into your head . When you've finished post this paragraph on your own status ; You will be surprised what people remember about you ( do it ? :] ) P.S < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is amazing :) 
ffa competition .. be back later 
feels like something is missing ... 
work tomorrow 7-5 , but i have to be uo and ready by six meaning i need to wake up at 5:30 ... stinkin black friday : ( 
ended up working 12 and a half hours today instead of 10 .. i'm tired 
fan freaking tastic 
Good night world ... and when i say worl I dont mean the people i just mean the actual planet : ) seen as how its where I live and if it wasnt living I wouldnt be either . So ... ya thats me reasoning 
Cuz I'm here for you Please don't walk away and Please tell me you'll stay 
And she walked back :) 
i got my tongue pierced :) 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS . You can ask me ONE question(only in my Inbox ) Any question no matter how crazy , sinster , or wrong it it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL HONESTY ! I DARE you to put this as you status and see what questions you get . Im curious as to what people will ask . 
Got accepted to UT : ) 
I'll watch the night turn light-blue But it's not the same without you Because it takes two to whisper quietly The silence isn't so bad ' Til I look at my hands and feel sad ' Cause the spaces between my fingers Are right where yours fit perfectly 
Cograts Parlimentary Procedure team ! got second in districts and are now on our way to states later this month . ( Plus I got a scholarship to UT ! : ) It's a good day . 
I’m talking - pedicure on our toes , toes Trying on all our clothes , clothes Boys blowing up our phones , phones Drop-toping , playing our favorite cds Pulling up to the parties Trying to get a little bit tipsy off to work :) text me ... please 
work , 3-9 
Leaving for State Parli Pro today ... look out < PROPMALE > , are you ready for the AW FFA !? 
watching the hangover with some people , bed then work again tomorrow . 
work 2-9 
home from work and christmas shopping , bed i guess cause theres nothing better to do . work at 5 till 9 tomorrow 
this redlight in the sunshineon a sunday nothing to saydon't even trysome are coming homesome are leaving townwhile my worlds crashing downon a sunday in the sunshine at a red light 
christmas shopping ... again lol then work .... blah . people text me please :) 
getting a few last minute gifts today . 
GOT PAID TODAY ! AHH A WHOLE DAY EARLY . this is very exciting to me . 
home .. goodnight :) 
just waking myself up , then work from 3-9 then off for the next three days ! ahh excited . 
fed up with everyones crap , going to bed gone all day tomorrow and tomorrow night . 
Sometimes it's nice to just sit back and watch the world go by . Lights at the zoo tonight . 
is done . 
Has the urge to do something that will get my adrenaline running .... any ideas ? I need something interesting to happen I'm soooo bored . 
hates ambulance rides and hospital visits when your 18 , you have to sigh all the paperrwork . It's freaking scary . I mean I just wanna get better , make my mom sign the darn papers . Any body else agree ? 
Doctors appointment . 
I should probably be writing that governent paper .... hah ya right . I am a born procrastinator it is physically impossible for me to get anything done unless I start it the day before it is due , never sooner . 
It's a new world - it's a new start It's alive with the beating of young hearts It's a new day - it's a new plan I've been waiting for you Here I am 
I can still feel you just as close as skin Every now and then All by myself , in a crowded room , or my empty bed There's a place you've touched With your love no one gets close to I can still feel you , I can still feel you 
Got a new laptop : ) its pretty awesome . Breaking it in by writing the government paper I probaly should have had done last week . 
Finally done with that stinkin paper ... government papers no more ! 
work 2 to 5 ffa then home . 
FFA meeting . then coming home setting up the computer in my round room then going to bed because my head hurts . 
has decided to leave ... 
Work from 4-9 .. pretty sure I failed my math exam today , Can't wait for tomorrow to be done and over with . 
should i live on campus , or at home ? 
goint to look at cars with aubrie and grandpa : ) then < PROPMALE > evens for dinner 
With Aubrie < PROPFIRST > : ) 
still with Aubrie :) 
cant find her wallet 
I love you not only for what you are , but for what I am when I am with you . I love you not only for what you have made of yourself , but for what you are making of me . I love you for the part of me that you bring out . 
bought a car today . :) 
' s new car now has car insurance :) 
urbandictionary . -lauren is a girl that everyone wants to be . Usually looks good in just about everything but doesn't think so . Can act very mature but not afraid to dance in the street . Can be the life of the party but still get along great with the parents . Has very deep thoughts about life and not afraid to share them with you . Her beauty will astound you and her smile is captivating . The girl you will never forget 
Work from 2-9 coming home and doing absolutly nothing . Unless someone asks :) 
sitting at alli's , this week is just a mess . 
Being with you is the best thing that has ever happened to me . I wouldn't trade you for anything in the world baby . Your the only thing that is ever on my mind and i wouldn't have it any other way . Be mine forever ? 
Out with Aubrie :) 
at < PROPFIRST>'s house listening to music and talking . Work at 430 
:) 
Getting my license plates today 
i hate school . 
gone for the weekend .. text me or what not 
clubbing ? yes please .. in colombus .. hell ya ! Out with my friends :) they are attempting to make me feel better . Clubbing right now seems like the best idea .. loud noise and ppl , the two best things to keep your mind off something . 
Out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , going to see people :) call me please , or text me ... I'm going crazy aahh ! 
I have destroyed our life its gone , payback is sick its all my fault I'm dancing with tears in my eyes Just fighting To get through the night I'm losing it 
Just in time , I'm so glad you have a one-track mind like me You gave my life direction , a game show love connection we can't deny I'm so obsessed , my heart is bound to beat right out my untrimmed chest 
Doing homework now so I don't have to d it later . Making cookies with Aubrie later ? 
Overwhelmed .. completly over freaking whelmed . Goodnight world . 
oh god i'm sore . Gonna go relax :) no practice tomorrow 
at < PROPFIRST>' house watching dirty love haha . text me :) 
just finished my shower , now for bed , picking up < PROPFIRST > in the morning then school , then work :) 
I miss you :/ 
track practice , hopefully i survive because im still in pain from the other one :( 
At Aubrie's , going to sheris at 11 for an officer meeting , then work at 2 
going out with loren , aubrie , and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
TATTOO TONIGHT ! :) 
At < PROPFIRST>' house . Got my tattoo last night and it actually looks really good for it only being a few hours old . Doesn't really hurt , but looks great ! 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Currently at work yay ! kind of tired at the moment ... but whatever . bed asap 
At work from 830 to 7 . going home . family is having easter today .... without me . sweet . 
At work .. on the computer . Fun ! 
I met my sister today .. 
At work , stressed but what's new ? Home . Playing with < PROPFEMALE > :) bed school rugby game maybe . 
At work ... inventory night . Yikes , tired and bored . Someone please text me . 
Resting right now , then back to school at 1 to practice my technique for shot and disc then leaving for the meet in archbold . 
sitting in bed looking at the ceiling thinking about everything i have accomplished and all that i still havent . tomorrow is my last day of highschool ... pretty much terrified . 
Attention all < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Seniors ... What time do we have to be at graduation practice tomorrow ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > = A graduated senior !!!! ahh now im officiallly a freshman again . 
Moving tomorrow :) I'm finally getting out of my house . 
Is moved in , very comfortable ... plus Wal-Mart is like two minutes away . SCORE ! 
Is home .. in waterville .. well monclova for the week . TEXT ME IF YOU WANNA SEE ME ! 
If your not first your last ! \\n*shake n bake * 
I have a feeling it's going to be a Great Day ! 
having two jobs is great , but working at 530 am starts to get to you . :/ 
poke me if you ever had a crush on me , like this status if you think im a good friend , message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me , comment on this if we have had good memories , now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this to their status :) 
Ut ! Be prepared for the coolest girl in the world to attend your school starting August 23 2010 . Game on ! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT - if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak ofter , please post a comment of the first memory you have of me and you that pops in your head . when you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you . :) 
UT in 11 days .. ohmygodholycrapimgoingtodie . 
One week until my life really starts . 
Got my UT parking pass .. now just waiting for financial aid to go through so I can get my books 
four days until college 
Woke up to find that 500 dollars has been put onmy Rocket Card from my Financial Aid .. thats the most money I've had at one time since I was working two jobs . I'm currently sitting on the couch looking at my Rocketcard , pretty sure thats slightly strange , but come on can you blame a kid ? 
got my oil c < PROPFEMALE > ed , new airfilter , and new wiper blades . Went out to lunch , got some school supplies , filled my gas tank . Off to Oasis tonight with some friends .. text me if you want to go with . \ 
Last minute < PROPFEMALE > out session with friends before my life begins at UT on monday . 
Last stage of College Orientation today . Usually I don't get this nervous about stuff , which is saying alot because I'm known for my nervousness . Still haven't gotten my books , but I figure I'll go to class and make sure the professors don't decide to change their mind about what books I should get 
I ...... start .... college ................ tomorrow . yuck 
On my way to my first class of the day , Problem Solving with Calculus . 
got an ipad :) 
In math class yay ... 
In the student union on my iPad :) 
Math class boggles my mind ... ugh ... stupid college 
Maybe going to the aw football game tonight when aubrie gets home ? 
Really sore .. :( 
Why must math be so complex ? Or the better question , why do I not understand math ? 
Wednesdays suck . Math and government don't go well together . Fml 
Concert at UT tonight .. We the Kings will be there at 9 then fireworks at 10 .. hell yes . Who wants to go ? 
School tomorrow .. fun 
In my lovely College Composition Class , A joy to my life is what this class is . I do actually like it , but sometimes its difficult for me to go . :( 
Is so overwhelmed with college . 
Read chapters 1-5 for government 5 hours , Read chapters 1-5 for criminal justice another 5 hours , writing 2 papers for comp 3 hours , failing college ... priceless(That is after I payback all my scholarships that I will lose from failing ) 
i hate college .. its official . 
Government exam today . FML 
So , instead of going to this seminar I had today i went to the math tutor to get a better grasp on my math homework . I walk into the class and see many familiar faces .... about 16 of the 24 kids in my math class were there . Now I'm beginning to wonder if it's the teacher who epicly fails and not my brain .... 
Up until now I have always relied on shortcuts when it came to school . Thank you college for ruining my philosophy . You suck . 
Going To the club tomorrow night , anyone wanna go ? Text me or say something on here for details 
Tonight sucked .. to all that aubrie and I made plans with we are sorry for not responding to any one . Both of our phones died and after that the night got worse . Will explain later . 
At my house all week for so e alone time . School in the morning .. work at 4 then back home again . Miss my mommy . 
Homecoming week ! UT baby ! 
Is freezing in the student union .. oh my god 
A B student in high school to a D student in college ... I have never had to study before and have no idea how to do it , but I guess I need to Learn right quick . 
Misses ROTC 
Sitting here at school lisTening to virtuoso realizing how much she misses youth group .... love everyone at the edge ! 
Sick in bed , studying , drinking cranberry juice and eating great way to end the weekend ... yuck 
If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me , put a ?. If I'm your friend , put a :) . If you would date me put a :D . If you ever had a crush on me put XD . if u hate me or really want to punch me put :( If you're brave enough , make this your status 
The might has just begun . Going to uptown in bg . Text me ! 
Apparently I have a government exam in 3 hours .. glad I looked at my schedule ... I almost left early today . Fmylife . 
Birthday on Monday ! 
zodic it is 
Needs a new job , any ideas ? 
Is officially unemployed , looking for a new job :) turning over a new leaf . Now time to work on my Criminal Justice Exam :) 
got a 94% on my Crim exam ! 
Not so great of a night , grandma is in the hospital . Had a < PROPMALE > stroke . Were being told she won't make it through the night . 
R . I . P grandma < PROPMALE > , you'll be missed . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes , love you all ! 
Once again , thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . I wsas trying to thank every one individually but it became really tedious . lol 
Cannot sleep ... 
Jello was here !! Haha I love u < PROPFIRST > !! 
I wish you would let me talk before you just dump me . Thanks for making think I was what you wanted . 
Doesn't even know anymore . 
That is an all to familiar feeling 
Doing my duty as a citizen :) giving double o's 
BE HONEST ! If you think i'm cute , like my status . If you lovve me , put at ?. If i am youur friend , put a :) . If you wannnt to go out with me , put a :D . If you misss me , put at :/ . If you ever had a crrrush on me , put a xD . If you're brave enough , re-post this as your status :) 
INBOX ONLY : Tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . Stays between us . I DARE you to put this as your status and see what you get 
Is absolutely starving . 
Tired , off to bed . Math and government tomorrow . 
Made her new schedule for school so that she only has to be at there every tuesday and thursday from 930 am to 315 pm .. and every other day I dont have class . How cool is that ? 
Going out on the town tonight :) 
Over to the conkinators house . Text me 
In bed all day ... nose is super stuffed and I cant seem to get my cough to go away . Studying for Government exam . 
Getting some breakfast .. off to the student union to meet < PROPFIRST > to study for another stupid government test 
Baby please don't go ( please don't go)\ 
\ 
If I wake up tomorrow will you still be here\ 
I don't know\ 
If you feel the way I do\ 
If you leave I'm gonna find you ( I'm gone , I'm gone , I'm gonna find you ) 
HEY < PROPFIRST > I HACKED YOUR FACEBOOK :) LOVE YOUUUUU-KIM 
how did we meet ? (: ( copy to your status and see who remembers . ) 
Oasis ? Right now ... any takers ? 
Is getting really bored with college . 
Aubrie has college orientation tomorrow :) \ 
very proud of you ! 
I like a punk rock chick with hair just like Rihanna\ 
like a go-go girl who dance like Lady Gaga\ 
They the girls that start the party \ 
( Hey ! ) So Baby could it be you \ 
could it be you , be you , be you 
Got Aubrie a Laptop :) 
I hate hate hate hate MATH ! 
Needs some < PROPMALE > help with my math extra credit . 
Hello little voice in my head !! You always help me through everything :) Can I please just ask you do one thing ?! SHUT UP AND LET ME SLEEP 
ill go in on this number game . Message me a number . I'll tell you what I think . 
6610 : We went to school with each other for years and use to talk quite a bit . I never see you any more , but we've always seemed to get along really well . I think your a very strong girl and that you can do anything you put your mind to . I'd really like to catch up with you sometime and see where life has taken us both . Call me or text me so we can chill :) 
20 : holy crap . We go WAAAYYY back dear . Ive known you since like 3rd grade and weve been throughso much together . Youve been there for me through failed relationships and the start of new ones . You are one of the people that we could not talk for 2 months then pick right up where we left off . 
20 continued : I know we will always be friends . Sometimes I know we have our differences and I may make it seem like I dont like you , but I just want you to have everything possible in life that you want and every once in a while you dont make the best decisions . I love you honey ... always 
7 : Your everything that I have ever dreamed , hoped , and begged for as a friend , best friend , and more :) You and I have the most intense but messed up relationship . I feel like even when we were just friends we had something that was beyond friendship . Your everything to me , your what keeps me sane and I never ever want to lose you . I love you 
69 : Enough with the sex inuendos , I'm still not going to hit on you ;) \ 
haha jk . I love you . Weve know eachother for a very long time . Everytime I'm with you I feel like I can just tell you all my deep dark secrets and never be afriad of you telling them . Your beautiful , smart and talented . Don't ever let anyone tell you differently . 
6900 : I believe that we've actually < PROPMALE > out about 3 times . Each of them being at holidays or football games at your house . I absolutly adore you and your family . Especially that time when < PROPMALE > and I were on the couch and everyone was trying to pull me off . I think your great and you have a wonderful personality . 
Just got told that I'm the most qualified for a job that pays $20 dollars and hour , gives me a compnay car , and a company credit card . 
8 : I really do like you . We both just want and need alot from the same person . I'd really like to be able to have a good realtionship for all three of us again . We just keep getting off to bumpy starts . I'm sorry for being a jerk sometimes but i've come to realize that aubrie needs you and so do I . 
Possibly going to the lights at the zoo tonight . 
5 : I think that you have one of the most beautiful personalities out of anyone I've ever met . I know we don't know eachother very well , it could have something to do with the fact that we've only actually met once . lol I think that someday we could be really good friends . 
5 ; continued . I love how your always there when I need someone to vent to and I don't mind listening to you when you have a problem . I think that your very strong and independent and one day you will make someone very happy . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , Elizabeth < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to ...... destroy the ...... institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ...?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
Math exam done , now onto government tomorrow . Then done till January 
Aubrie Got the JoB !! 
Inbox only please .. 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me ( message me ) . it will stay between us . put this as your status you might be surprised . 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face effect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't repost this . Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face 
Anyone looking for a laptop for Christmas or school or anything ? My work is having a big sale today . We refurbish computers , make them work well again . Good laptops and desktops for under 200 bucks . Come on out to 5656 Opportunity drive . It's off of < PROPFIRST > behind < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Open till 5 . Any questions call 419-346-4768 , 567-249-8168 . We also have some printers , and keyboards . 
Going to see Tron . 
Wish my math grade would post , so sick of the anticipation . 
Anyone enrolled/enrolling in Government at UT this coming semester ? I have the book and and looking to sell . Message me . 
Still really frustrated with the fact that all my grades haven't been posted yet . 
Check out new Facebook group , Sharp Computers if your looking for a new laptop . Pictures Will be up soon . 
Screw everything , you try so hard your whole life and one thing can just totally ruin the way you feel about everything . Needs to get away . 
Christmas with the family today . 
your the most beautiful thing that I've ever seen . 
Who wants to go to Bdubbs with me tonight !? Or Spicy Tuna , Aubrie's new place of employment around 6ish ? 
Apartment hunting :) 
Really wants out of waterville 
Car repair men are the most shady people ive ever met . you can all go fuck yourselves . 
Dear Mr. Car repair Man , \ 
You have a lot of nerve trying to screw over someone who's biceps are twice the size of yours . Not only that , but a girls who's biceps are twice your size and hell hath no fury like a woman scorned . 
Successfully installed my new AirPort card into my iMac :) I feel accomplished . 
Really freaking sick :( 
Hungry :( 
so freaking sick . I can hardly even sleep . I wake up like every 20 to 40 minutes with no idea why . For sure have strep throat and sinus infection .. possibly other things . Test results back on Thursday . Please god , help me feel better . 
Whats up ! 
Apparently updated my facebook status from my cell phone at 1 am subconsciously . Weird 
Does anyone know the parking regulations at UT on saturday mornings for freshman ? 
Thinking of remembrance tattoo to get for my grandpa . Love you always pawpaw . 
Still stinking sick . Antibiotics aren't working , er tomorrow for blood work to try and figure out what's causing all my issues . Fml 
Finally got a few hours of sleep . Now I feel even more tired than before . Shit 
Off to the hospital , wish me luck . 
Really freaking sick 
Mono freaking sucks . 
I seriously feel like I'm dying . I want to sleep for a few hours , but have online homework . F My Life . Maybe I can pawn it off to Aubrie :) 
PC operating systems class , you are officially kicking my ass . Please stop I've had enough pain and sickness the past few weeks to last me a while . Thank you . 
Finally slept through the night for the most part . Thank you prescribed drugs . 
Is really bored being confined in her room , anyone have any ideas of things to keep me occupied ? I could really use some ideas , I'm going to go crazy . 
I went from being able to eat plenty of food a day to not even being able to finish a chicken wrap from mcdonalds . Mono , I like food , please let me eat again . 
Today just happens to be the best day if my life too . 
going to Ikea with Aubrie ! 
Hmm , so I prepared myself last night for a class that starts at 8 am today . Funny how I get there at eight and no one is there ... freaking class on Saturday starts at nine . 
R . I . P Uncle < PROPFIRST > . You will be missed . 
Astronomy , you can kiss my ass . 
< PROPFIRST > Gehrke and I are the same in every way ..... but different . :d \ 
We have so much fun together < PROPFIRST > :) 
t minus two days and counting . Apartment , here we come . 
Moving out in one day ! 
I wanna get married ... weird . I know 
Apartment , please clean yourself up . Much appreciated :) 
If you love me , comment on this status\ 
If you think i'm a good friend , like this status\ 
If you hate me message me why\ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me\ 
If you ain't scared , post this on your wall and see what you get 
I think I figured out why people cheat , even when they are married . 
Going to get my new tv :) 
Someone come over to my apartment .. I'm bored . 
Happy birthday mom !! 
I give up , for real this time . 
I hate Electric Bills ... screw you Toledo < PROPMALE > . 
Just brought my first < PROPFEMALE > home , welcome < PROPFIRST > :) 
I swear after this lease is up , I'm moving to a different state . 
New phone ! 
new phone number .. comment and i will text you the new one 
oh my god , if it snows anymore i'm literally going to have a breakdown 
Really dislikes how fast my Droid battery dies . 
When you find you , come back to me . 
I'm just going to put my mind on getting fit and then I'm joining the military . The sooner I join , the closer I get to becoming the person I know I can be . 
Went to see the new movie beastly , it waws great . I recommend it . 
Needs a vacation , asap 
To the asshole that stole my antenna off my car ... find a new hobby . Who the fuck steals an antenna ?! 
Someone come over ... now 
I hate that I never < PROPFEMALE > out with anyone anymore . 
I have had these random , horrible shooting pains in my hand all day and nothing makes them go away except massage 
selling my ipad , accidental warranty , and accesories , let me know if your interested and we can work out a deal . Message me 
At sukit hookah ! 
Ambulance ride along day one ... here we go . 
< PROPFIRST > 
Who wants to come over !? 
Locked out of the apartment ..... joy . 
hanging out 
Wow .. tired 
Spicy tuna tonight anyone ? 
< PROPFEMALE > fraking < PROPFIRST > died .. WTF 
As much as I hate to admit it , I seriously miss High school . And even more shocking than missing High school , I realize that I really miss the single year I was in band , might have been one of the greatest times of my life . 
Got my first women's vitamins today ... wohoo 
Getting into all this ent stuff is really starting to give me a headache 
Who the hell is < PROPFEMALE > Black ? 
