Well I had an amazing fourth of july , I went riding with d.j and the family , had a change of plans so d.j and came back to my place to chill until 10:30 after watching the sunset :} so how was your fourthy ? 

is ready to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > bear 
is ready for time with D.j. golly that boy is wonderful 
school's tomorrow bleh 
bwhaha i love stolen boy's clothes :} 
is ready for after school 
happy 6 months dj :} 
Heeeereee scholarships scholarships scholarships Heeeereee Scholarships scholarships scholarships . Three guesses what I'm doing ! 
is wondering what could possibly have made her attracted to some of her ex-boyfriends . Honestly I've dated some geeky people . XD 
getting up at 4am for gym fun 
Ghetto car , ghetto car , everybody gotta love a ghetto car !... oh well at least it isn't as ghetto as < PROPFEMALE>'s car . 
I love thursdays , I'm ready to go home and cuddle with my D.J. 
La folia is possibly one of the prettiest songs I've ever heard . 
oh itunes shuffle , you know just the right songs to make the day brighter , even if by only a little . 
Hopefully on saturday i get to ... as my loving father puts it , put more holes in my head :} 
I hate needles and I really don't want to have that thing that close to my face again >_< 
I got accepted into < PROPFIRST > Woods :} 
I got accepted in to UTM . woo . 
Ms. Smith is stupid I've been accepted into all of my top schools already and she put in ACT prep . Bah and everytime i try to talk to walking orange , she's busy . 3 times today alone * grumble * sorry facebookers for ranting :} 
D . j got accepted into < PROPFIRST > woods WOoo ! 
If I were a < PROPMALE > Man Ya ha deedle deedle , bubba bubba deedle deedle dum . All day long I'd biddy biddy bum . If I were a wealthy man . I wouldn't have to work hard . 
oh what i wouldn't give to be at < PROPFIRST > woods already , free and well freezing xD 
Have you ever seen such a beautiful tree ? Such as the tree in my living room ? 
I get to go into school today ... yaaay >_> 
Favorite classical song ... ever- Adagio in G Minor by Albinoni 
I am so Exhausted , nothing like facing the old people in your family with new \face gear\ " that \ " ruins your face entirely\ " without your steady rock to hold your hand and coax you through the intense urges to punch your aunt . Oh D.J. why oh why did you have to go so far away from me when I needed you so ? " 
How come Ms. Claypool can get me to come into to school the first day of break , but still hasn't answered my e-mail about the test i had to take on said day ? I would like to at least know a range of how I did . 
Trying to talk them into two ? You bet I am ! 
It's absolutely perfect , no where else will work . 
so on the 17 and 18 I'll be in the Missouri and freezing . Yaaay for a high of 13 ! 
I love getting compliments on my jacket ;} makes me feel like i actually have a sense of fashion 
maroon 
\If I stay I'll be a Lie then choke on words I'd always hide\ " < PROPFEMALE > - First Love " 
I'm so sick of A days they suck ass . 
Don't you love it when you wake up to realize what kind of immature jackasses your best friend has become ? Do forgive my language . 
wow , if I'm going to be emo I might as well have the right grammar , it should be jackass as this is for one friend . 
uuugggh must get money for schooool . 
I'm so sick of being in this town , and seeing only old faces . College get here so I can go explore ! 
Mr. Obama I do believe you are a powerful speaker . 
You think you’re loving , but I want to be free , baby . You’ve hurt me . 
You should know that the lies won't hide your flaws , no sense in hiding all of yours . You gave up on your dreams along the way 
Random question for anyone : would you wear accents with yellow gold with a dark red and black dress ? 
is a retard for leaving her english book at school with a paper due tomorrow . 
College scholarships and loans is what my next four years will consist of , how can anyone honestly party when faced with that ? 
I just finished my demon english paper . YAAaY ! 
I feel so dorky , I actually like a miley < PROPMALE > song , oh well I can at least take comfort in the fact she didn't actually write it . 
7 more days until I'm 18 :} 
I love my boo bear . 
Has anyone ever told ms. claypool udo lindenburg isn't rock anymore ? 
Who'd give up this amazing young man ? 
A . Maze . Ing day today although not perfect , it's the flaws that make it so wonderful , I mean really what kind of cutie doesn't know you at least get a card . I love my goober 
Is totally hoping that school will be closed tomorrow , not likely but hey how awesome would that be ? 
Well I'm 18 , what now ? 
oh loose shirts you are now a dear friend of mine 
My cutie of a boyfriend honestly just asked who Dr. Love is , what a goober . 
Honestly who could expect me to focus on homework right now ? I'd rather be next to D.j. 
I think I should totally be allowed to have a gaint school easter egg hunt as my product for my Senior Project 
Gosh I miss deej , I'm so ready for him to wake up and start joking around again . Stupid women with their stupid suburbans 
Happy Birthday to Deej ( since I can't actually say it to him ) 
Come on Deej amaze that stuck up doctor and show'em who's boss ! 
So visting time was at four and I'm still waiting to see him . New patient longer wait . Boo . 
So they're starting over with everything on deej because he isn't making much progress . They're taking cultures on everything and they started a medicine that draws the fluid from his tissue to his blood since he is retaining all his fluid in tissue . 
Deej now has another tube in his chest as of 1 am , there was a fluid build up that needed to be released . He's breathing easier now and his blood pressure is good and steady 
It's doom day aaaaah . oh well after this i can just focus on deej . 
All done with my senior project . Finally I can sit back and relax a little ... Riiiight . Two more papers in English and then the relaxation can start 
I'm sooo over this whole high school thing I mean really we aren't doing anything in most of my classes . Can I just come in for the ones that actual work planned please ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s was fun , rough after everything lately and i clocked out early , but it was still fun 
I think this might be the first time I've been excited about Monday coming , and it can't get here soon enough . 
I am so tired 
For everyone who's here for me , I'm very grateful . I know he meant a lot to everyone and he'll be greatly missed . 
Did you hear the mountian fall .... My broken heart . - \On the Coldest Winter Night \"" 
Song of today Rise Above This by Seether 
Song of today \I'm Scared\ " by Duffy " 
< PROPFEMALE > Glazed Pork chops , homemade mash potatoes and corn , who says I can't cook :P 
Chasing the Dragon by Epica 
Anniversary by Voltaire is absolutely beautiful . 
Frozen Yogurt is so much better than icecream 
I gots a jooob ! 
Gone Gone , All together gone , to freakin alambama ! time for some sun worshipping and lake games woowoo ! 
I had such a great time but I'm back home now , I grew so much on that trip . We had some of the best speakers we could ever ask for and there were so many loving people , hope I'm free for summer conference in D.C. 
If you could make one of your dreams come true , what would it be ? 
They're all to small minded to see anything and they just run their mouths with no fliter for all the bs that comes out . 
I'm so ready for my lizard to be big enough to eat my mom's toes in her sleep . 
My pet lizard takes her naps in my shirt , and she has the cutest sneezes 
Orange juice ... check , grenadine ... check , agave nectar ..... check . one more thing on the list and then we'll have a nice long night . 
oh work , why do you have to be so important ? 
Utc you're stupid , why do people not staying at your lame dorms have to stay there tonight ? 
I'm ready for college , greek and < PROPMALE > ! 
I'm sleepy , why do i have morning shift so many times in a row , i wanna sleep in damn it . 
I'd say I'm sorry , but it's hard to speak with both feet in your mouth . 
I'm\ 
trying to earn a set of feathery wings to take me away from here . Its me\ 
you leave , you're gone from here , don't leave me here I hate it here , \ 
you're gone from here , don't leave me here . I need you here , I need to\ 
see you smile- Feathery Wings by Voltaire 
Working today , 1:30 to 4:30 wtf ? 
* sigh * working the day before three nice off days is so hard :( I'm ready for my break 
\he could win an ass contest hands down ... or rather cheeks up . \"" 
You're a duck and I'm a sheep .... so we just won't work out 
\Just because I smoke Camels doesn't mean I'm into bestiality ... Just sayin \"" 
\Did we just booger fornicate ? \"" 
Had so much fun tonight , won some pear < PROPFIRST > shaving cream and met new people 
step ahead math is stupid and I'm already bored with it . Come on friday so i can take that test 
Already regretting decisions . < PROPFIRST > woods I miss you . 
So I already feel unsafe thanks creepy < PROPFEMALE > dude . 
Dear lizard I want you to know that seeing the preps faces when they see you eating a mouse as my back ground , makes my day . 
Quotes of the day \sorry I humped your face\ " and \ " her voice is like smoky sex and the music is like NIN mixed bar room jazz \"" 
Wanna know something gross ? Books for this semester are looking like a grand if I don't luck out and get used . 
intro to music is already proving to be way to easy . When your teacher is shocked you know themed music is called program music you know its back to music appreciation with hoffey . Just a hell of a lot less cool 
Petty Girl with trashy hair xD And you know what she's right he deserves Every single second . 
Intro to < PROPMALE > so far is pretty freaking gay . This cdrom does not know how to pronounce her letters or < PROPFIRST > . 
The next person who starts to judge me for Any of my choices in life can kiss my perfect little behind . Its my life and I don't have to live by your standards . 
\my whole body was so sensitive I could have an orgasm just siting on the bus . \"" 
watching little shop of horrors with < PROPMALE > since he hasnt seen it , what a loooser xD 
Auf Geht's program you suck ! 
so I found what i was looking for :) I'm so ready for tomorrow 
OMFG Happiness ! 
\Why don't you get dressed your leg hair is blinding me\ " < PROPFEMALE > I love you . " 
have you ever stopped to notice how dumb some people really are ? It's really depressing . 
The young < PROPFEMALE > is surprisingly good 
Du bist ein fünf aus fünf meine Schwester . 
this morning while I was getting ready in my skinny jeans and greek rush shirt I realized that skinny jeans no longer belong to little emo boys . Time for you guys to find something new . Sorry . 
The backseat of my car is now know as the \doghouse\ " xD " 
Mr biology book your dumb the answer is d not a , carbon only forms covalent bonds , you say so yourself . So how can the answer possibly be \ it can form both covalent bonds and ionic bonds \"" 
Got my new cell phone text me if you're cool enough to have my number , cause I don't have yours 
Taming this beast , this so called ..... eyebrow threading 
I am breeding my bitch so if anyone wants a finely bred american doberman please contact me . I can send her paperwork and the sire's . You can meet phe(my bitch ) and preacher(the sire ) 
Over blowing my butt , its only over blowing if you crack your notes . Mr < PROPFIRST > you know nothing about flutes so hush . 
I should have let him toss that muffin at you ! 
Last night instead of studying , I baked healthy vegan muffins and healthy , totally yummy , vegan blueberry banana nut bread . 
Today is feeling like a good day , sure tomorrow I have a test from hell that I have to get ready for but heeeey I did a lot of the studying yesterday and all thats really left to finnish is translating one paragraph of greek ... and parse the nouns , adjectives , verbs finite , infinite and imperative ... How bad can it be ? 
I seriously just saw a college girl freak and run away from her stuff because a spider was on it 
Dear within temptation I'm completely and utterly in love with like 99.9999% of your music . Is it possible to be as awesome as your songs Hand of Sorrow and Truth Beneath the < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Boo yeah greek test got moved back to monday ! 
Off to work again bleeeh , but hey at least i get free waffles ! 
Soooo 57 days need to pass . Like Now . 
Yeah so that big bad scary greek test turned out to be not so bad . 
I'm sorta kinda in love with the song Deep in the sweet water by rasputina . 
Silly Mr. < PROPFIRST > tutti is not a dynamic . 
One more day till the weekend with two test in the way 
Biology you're silly ! 
Greek test you were as easy as the ZBZ girls on Greek the show . 
I love my new piercing , it makes me feel sexy . 
I just made a friend via Repo ! 
Math class at you I am pissed ! 
You know , I gotta say all in all I'm pretty happy with college . 
Don't you love itwhen all class you have to go to are canceled for monday ? 
I live for the sore feeling of a fresh tattoo 
One creepy dude quit staring , it's a nose ring not a tumor . Two I just kicked that bio test's ass ... then too it to dinner . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to post this . 
Only missed three on my bio test yay ! 
What if I'm a weeping < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Tormenting my father with disney show tunes on the way to disney 
Coming home today and getting my doggies back tomorrow , can't wait :) 
Lunch with the brother , then hair stuff shopping 
Epica's new single is well .... epic 
ultrasound for phefers this weekend ! 
Math test today . Then sleep . Then math project , biology extra credit , and < PROPMALE > homework . All while singing bvb tomorrow ! 
Made my own Butterbeer ! 
Black veil brides tonight ! 
Elbows to the nose ring , yeah they still hurt .... 
Waiting for the concert , bvb is warming up , and it's pretty epic 
Dommin you have the BEST cover of ( I just ) Died in your arms 
I think I'm crushin on this band something fierce . 
Playing dark cloud with my boy , it's totally adorable how the game \sucks\ " if he dies . " 
Forcing my ipod to give my music back , * shake fist * darn you invisible files 
Who's going to the bonfire wednesday ? 
I am loving this cold weather ! 
We can feel at least two maybe three pups ! That's pretty normal for her blood line 
I totally just found a \heavy metal\ " store that sells cookie cutters and christmas trees . " 
Bon fire with one of my besties , she'll get to meet lelsey 
booty shorts in november , wtf ? 
Totally had the best time with my boy and the dogs ! 
Pfui , stößt den Kopf an harten Stein ! Elfe , gelt , du hast genug ? Gukuk ! - Elfenlied 
Oh face book , only eight days till phe's due week , I'll miss you so . 
80% of our genes are similar to potatoes , so why do we think we're so special ? 
What do you say facebook , rainy night = perfect for puppies ? Apparently <3 Heavy contractions already , two A.M. here we come ! 
False labor , but made oh so worth it by one of the puppies kicking back every time i patted her tummy . 
Thanksgiving vacay , please hurry up and get here , and when you do please take your time , have some coffee and stay as long as you can . 
Awesome jazz concert , however the band overplayed the singer . That or their techies sucked . 
Hipsters suck , they drain the soul out of everything . And yes that even includes you . 
I had so much fun at the cast party last night , theater kids are a lot of fun xD 
huh a random french dude just messaged me about my piercings , creepo much ? 
First nap of my official break ! Yay break 
First puppy born 8 : 06 at 22.1 oz . Is a boy , and defiantly his dad's 
Puppy two is a girl at 18.1 oz . and born at 11 : 40 
Eight puppies all healthy , so much for three or four . 
The bestieand the boy are spending the night tonight so I can finally sleep a full night ... yay 
Tails were docked today , pitiful you could hear the cries through two doors . On a brighter note they seem to have forgotten already ... until one of the other puppies hits a tail . So sad :{ I'll post pics of them with their little stubbies soon . 
sleepy sleepy woke up to late to make it to biology , guess that's why we have books . 
Only have two more exams at school and one online . stupid teacher of course we've going to cheat . 
What do you guys think of this name for the pup i fully intend to keep ( mom when you see this , keeping the puppy will happen ! ) Die Heldin < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and we shall call her < PROPFEMALE > ( pronounced < PROPFEMALE > ) 
I do believe I am in love ! This little girl kicks butt even though she's the runt . 
about to start my online music final woo ... 
I saved a baiter pit today from being hit by a car and then sent him with a friend who Rehabilitates and finds new homes for abused pits :} My good deed is done for this month xD 
Stupid snow , if it wasnt for you I'd be completely done already ! Baaaah winter break quit stalling ! 
I got a B in Bio ! totally thought i had a C xD 
GPA for 1st semester is a 3.2 woo ? 
Epica's setting up , almost there xD scarred for life by a flabby chested girl though 
Epica played for two hours ! Two full hours ! Finally home and ready to pass out but < PROPFEMALE > puppies feel like walkin and talkin tonight . Noisy babies 
< PROPFEMALE > got her name tag today , I get to keep her ! First/Second greatest christmas gift ever ( phe was also a christmas and they're equally awesome ! ) 
Puppies first de-worm , and they took it awesomely ! They're getting sooo big , 4-5 pounds already , might be time to pull out that phone camera again for some more pics 
Today I'm going to fly , there's nothing that can keep me on the ground . Touch the sky , I'm free inside . 
so much fun in the snow , besties pits came over and played in it with my dogs . I had 14 dogs in my house ! And other than puppy cries it was peaceful . Can't wait to move out and get a pit of my own , they're great . 
Is making < PROPFEMALE > watch Repo ! The Genetic Opera ... why ? Because it's EPIC 
I love being a do it yourself kind of girl , to vaccinate all eight puppies it's going to be about 165 including shipment , vaccine , needles , syringes , cooler , two ice gel packs , and this includes their next bout of shots as well . The vet would cost 236 per round , can we say boo yeah to saving over 500 so far ? ( ... unless you count the c-section < PROPMALE > and then we're down about a grand still ) 
heater you suck , why die now ? 
70,000 tons of metal WWWHHHY must you be durning school ?!?! i waaant you ! 
Screw you < PROPFIRST > you're not going to blackmail us into giving you a puppy , jerk . 
< PROPMALE > six every time I listen to you sing it makes me want to sream like an obsessive middle schooler . I love you in that creepy stalker way :3 ... You too < PROPFIRST > dommin ... 
Totally redigging Creature Feature , they're toooo cute 
two classes tomorrow , public speaking and voice diction wooo 
Precal Teacher you're talking in circles on a random tangent .... Stop it 
Anyone with a chewing puppy , do Not use bitter yuck , it gave our puppies parvo like symptoms and caused them to chew more because they like the taste . Speaking of puppies who's willing to come play with mine , they need to meet some peoples 
Buyer coming today to look at the boys :} wish ' em luck 
I have the magical power to make drama go poof . I wash my hands of yooou . 
Getting work on my lady . 
Power ... Strength .... Endurance . That describes a model's crotch apparently 
Due to complications (>_>) with the sire owner of my puppies , if anyone knows anyone who wants a full blooded , best of american bloodlines in temperament and soundness doberman puppy without papers I am selling them for 250 without the papers . ( yes < PROPFEMALE > that includes slush xD ) 
best boyfriend ever , can't wait for my \cook bacon not meth\ " shirt :) " 
so I need to write up a contract that requires buyers to get the puppies spayed/neutered by seven months , send proof by a certain day and before giving away/selling the dog I must approve the new home or the dog must be returned to me . Anyone know how to write a contract ? 
just bought 11 squeaker toys o.o the madness is building , every puppy with a squeaker . 
In other words please be true , in other words I love you . 
Bleh ! How do you switch the styles of ears , how hard is it to put the medium crop on the small black female , and the long crop on the large red male ! Gah stupid vet secretary thing ! 
staying home today , < PROPFEMALE > already removed her tail bandage and a stitch .... Bleh must keep tail stitched and happy 
Puppies chewed my glasses ... so I got some new Ray-bans :) 
