is a part of the Polar Bear club . Jumping into frozen over lakes is the life for me . 

is grief . 
I love you mom . 
has seen a great journey end , and another begin . 
wants to find a good hike/camping area . 
is nonstop . 
Time to make things * explode * . Happy 4th of July . 
will learn the code . 
will see District 9 . 
thinks < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is the only high up politician without his head up his ass . 
is fucked up , hopefully its not the swine flu . And right during finals week , fuck ... 
I'm on a boat ! 
is off to Colorado . 
has descended from the mountains . 
wonders how school snuck up on him . 
had an epic battle against a car while on his bike , and won . 
My mom's memorial will be at 2:30 at the Ocate Community Center on Saturday . For whoever is in the Ocate area , you are all welcome to come . 
is tired . 
doesn't want to play the game . 
is taking 20 credit hours .... 
is goin on a date . 
is busy as < PROPFEMALE > , at all times . 
while ( < PROPFIRST > = = Overworked ){ < PROPFIRST > . BashHeadInto(Keyboard ); } 
needs 9 PHDs to break the world record . 
is trying Windows 7 . 
is raging with the machine . 
1137 Days , 22 hours , 47 minutes untill ... 
shouldn't have have stayed up till 5 play COD 4-2 . 
finds it odd that he is starting to listen to classical music . 
Hurry up evolution , make me adapt to less sleep . 
is home for Thanksgiving for no more than 5 minutes , and then is out shoveling dirt :) Just like the good ol ' days . 
Heres the score , over 100 hours of work on a project in 7 days . I haven't slept in ... going on two days now . Calculus test on Monday morning at 7:30 . Its almost over . 
wants to make movies like Avatar . 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas . 
needs to find more people who havn't seen Avatar so he has an excuse to see it again . 
* sigh * already missed my first class . Going to be a long day . 
gave a bi-polar drug addict who was escaping from the mental hospital a ride . lol 
To pursue my dreams ... or to graduate from college ... 
all work and no play make < PROPFIRST > ... 
2 bottles of 5 hour energy , 12 hours till the deadline . Lets do this dance . 
Mind = melted . Time to sleep . 
Time for bed . 
Send lawyers , guns , and money . The shit has hit the fan . 
Will end a semester of reclusive seclusion of Computer Science work , and a week later be in the most densly populated region of the world . Im going to trip the F$*K out . 
A fact of life : After Monday and Tuesday even the calander says W T F ... 
is counting bodies like sheep to the rhythm of the war drums . 
is distracted too easily , the deadlines are still to far away . 
wonders when the music MTV pushes will stop sucking so much . 
feels spring break slipping away ... 21 pages of Computer Science INSTRUCTIONS , due the week after break . * sigh * 
feels like he is getting sick :( 
intresting to be able to identify with Willem Dafoe in Antichrist ... Logic , the inverse of emotion . Logic in pure form leaves no room for love . Pure love creates a void of logic . There must be balance . A beautiful movie ( the title shouldn't scare you away ) . 
Is going to the top . Where that is , and who I will be when I get there , I do not know , I don't care to know . I will continue to grow , untill ... the ground inevitably begins to shift far below . And the world changes . 
sees his 3rd < PROPFEMALE > this week . 
is starting to get a little wear and tear after 3 all nighters this week . 
not so much luck with bikes lately . First I go over my handelbars , then an unpatchable back tire , then both tires get slashed . 
Computer Science advisement says I will graduate in ... wait for it ... Spring 2014 . 
Motion tracking , greenscreening , modeling , rendering , simulating , compositing , programming . All in a day's work . 
No sleep for the wicked . 
Off to bed . 
* sigh * 
feels the weight of crushing defeat . fml . 
Im a morning person , Im watching my 4th sunrise this week ! Now , time for a nap . 
Passed CS ^.^ 
Last night in the US . Cus I'm leavin on a jet plane , don't know when I'll be back again ! 
I tried to get lost on my first day on the streets . Need to go further tomorrow . 
Flowing quite peacefully through < PROPFEMALE > . Time to head upstream into the mountains . Off to Dharamsala I go . 
Yoga at the Paramarth Niketan Ashram in Rishikesh . Im all stretchy now ! 
Living in a hippy's paradise . 
Spent the night with a Tibetan Monk , a Russian , a Swedish guy , and two Israeli girls . Quite a nice crew to get stranded with by rain , atop a mountain . 
Change of plans , to Kashmir . 
Travel the world and the seven seas \ 
\ 
Everybody's looking for something 
I feel like I'm in a giant crock-pot . 46 degrees Celcius today ( 115 ) with 15% humidity . Tomorrow's forcast ? 47C ( 117F ) . All I need is a little sunburn and I'll be comming back a sun-dried tomato . In better news : The Taj Majal is impressive in pictures , but in person ... there is no question why it is a wonder of the world . 
Taking tabla lessons from the Baba school Guru . 
Homeward bound . 
Landfall , land of enchantment . 
is back on his bike :D 
Countdown Comic-Con 
Mind = Blown . Google maps + google images is like browsing the collective memory of the modern world ... all with the drag of a mouse . Try looking at pictures in an area where lots of people have shot ( ie Eiffel Tower , downtown New York , ect ) . Now just wait until google get's its hands on the facebook image database ... 
Does anyone have a Calculus by < PROPMALE > 6th edition I could borrow for the semester ? Pretty please ? 
I must keep track of how much sleep I get , so I can estimate impending insanity . 
\I'll sleep when I'm dead\ " ~ Warren Zevon " 
Anyone looking for a house to live in ? Me and < PROPFIRST > Geusz have got a room open , 1 mile from campus . $390 /mo + utilities . Let me know ! 
Go vote everybody ! 
Watching the elections over foreign news : Impending doom . 
We'll now you've got your turn with your foot on the gas , lets see what you can do . 
Really doesn't understand the Chinese Remainder Theorem . 
Safe travels < PROPFIRST > ! Keep making kick-ass youtube videos . 
Day 1 : Uberman begins . 
is a husk today , I'm spent . 
Having more trouble with the uberman than I had hoped , off to buy louder alarms . 
mmmm leftovers .... mmmm 
Keep rocking the boat Wikileaks . 
Aaarrg .... wishing I was polyphasic again . Adapting to normal sleep = tired all the time , especially when studying for finals . 
Graduation is getting farther and farther away ... 
Passed calc 2 ! :D 
Tron : 6 out of 10 
I'm feeling less than fabulous 
Should be busy . Is not . 
Food time . It comes . 
Back to uberman . 
If nothing we do matters , then all that matters is what we do . 
