just wants to play his < PROPFIRST > Como album . 

met a girl who sang the blues , and asked her for some happy news . She just smiled and turned away ... 
RRRRrrrrrrrrrrr ................ clakaclakaclakaclakaclaka ................. bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ................................................................. < PROPMALE > , we have a problem ! ( For the second time this week ! ) 
What a very nice Sunday this turned out to be ! :-) 
Today began as such a glorious day ... sun shining , birds chirping , temp just right , getting to sleep in , having my replacement iPod delivered before the weekend , looking forward to a beautiful day in which I answered to no one but myself ... And then came 
passed his first-year review at work with flying colors ! Woo-hoo ! :-) 
Monday : 9.5 hours . Tuesday : 10.5 hours . Wednesday : 11.25 hours . Thursday : 12.5 hours at work . I'm sensing a disturbing trend !!! No wonder I have no life ... :-( 
Finally ... FRIDAY ... * whew ! * 
finally admits he's fallen off the wagon and is having trouble getting back up ... ( no , not alcohol ) 
is finding himself frustrated into a near rage , and needed to vent . Boy , is the house clean now ! 
is taking a personal day , and to calm down , is counting to twenty ... thousand . 
nineteen-thousand nine-hundred ninety-seven ... nineteen-thousand nine-hundred ninety-eight ... nineteen-thousand nine-hundred ninety-nine ... twenty-thousand . twenty-thousand one ... twenty-thousand two ... twenty-thousand three ... :-( 
Red alert ! All hands , general quarters ! Man your battle stations ! This is not a drill ! Charge forward weapons batteries ... Bring us to flank speed ... We're going in ... 
Securing from general quarters , returning to port . 
Tomorrow is another day . 
Have you ever noticed that although cops give tickets for exceeding the maximum posted speed limit , they never give tickets for going under the minimum posted speed limit ? Merely my observation this morning while going 0 in a 40 minimum zone , and staring at the sign . 
Time for yet another dog and pony show ... 
It is difficult to leap when one can't see the far landing ; however , coming is the time when it may well be necessary . 
is wasting his Sunday fixing yet another Apple mess . 
tired tired long day tired tired 
tick ... tock .... tick ..... tock ...... tick ....... tock ......... ( if this afternoon goes any more slowly , it will shift into reverse ! ) 
The acorns are dropping WAY too early . 
Decisions , decisions ... 
What is it so freakin ' hard to find a competent doctor anymore ?!?!? 
Mongo bad . Do bad things . Mongo must go . 
Mmmmm ... Mongo LOVE State Fair food !!!! yum-yum-yum-munch-slurp-munch !!! 
With the exception of a nice lunch with a special friend who I don't see often enough , today has been a classically lousy day . Just thought I'd share . 
Ahhhh ... The weekend ... :-) 
Does anyone know of a place that sells brown sushi ( sticky ) rice ? 
So I took my three family members to the fair again today . One is in a wheelchair and was being pushed by me all day . A second twisted her ankle less than five minutes into it , yet walked around on it until I saw it was getting to be the size of an orange . The third kept having leg cramps and dizzy spells . And me ? I was fine until I got home and saw huge red rashes going up both legs . Still , fun day ! Yay ! 
What kind of idiot physician prescribes prednisone for a skin rash ????? Schering-Plough must give out one heck of a kick-back on this junk . 
Seize the day ? I'd settle for keeping the day from seizing me . 
How much would you be willing to sacrifice to live your dream ? 
Channel 45 has stopped showing < PROPFEMALE > Trek reruns on Saturday afternoons !!! :-( 
has spent the weekend in full housecleaning mode , and is now getting ready to go listen to some live jazz . 
wonders how it is possible to have such a full day and still not get much accomplished on the To-Do list generated at 9 AM ? 
is willing to pay real money to a personal coach who can help him meet a rather ambitious weight loss goal over the next six months from today . 
Helm , break orbit ... Set course for planet Sacramento in the California system ... Ahead , maximum warp ! Engage ! 
is back in town . 
has , for better or worse , made one of the larger decisions he's been recently facing . Let the self-doubt now ... BEGIN ! 
Tomorrow's forecast : 50 and rain . Too bad they don't have the open-air Target Field stadium ready for the baseball game ! :-) Speaking of weather , more meteorologists are using the \S\ " word regarding this weekend ! :-( " 
Wednesday . On tap : A six-hour staff meeting . Boredom on a shingle . 
has had better days . 
I'm dreaming ... of a white ... < PROPMALE > DAY ?!? 
Two weeks in , five pounds down ... 
is experimenting with a low-carb pizza recipe . Crust needs work , it's not crusty enough . 
is thankful for lavash bread on his low-carb diet . If only it had better structural integrity . 
\Big Bang Theory\ " just keeps getting funnier and funnier ! WHEATON !!!!!!!! :-) " 
Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? Is it the weekend yet ? WELL ?? 
is very close to perfecting his low-fat , low-carb pizza recipe . Just a few more tweaks ... 
My neck just keeps getting tighter and tighter ... and my back ... arms ... hips ... legs ... ARGH !!! Make it stop ! 
Why are squirrels suicidal ? They start to cross the road , then stop as if to wait for you , then as you are almost up to them , they dart across ! Are they in it for the thrills ?? ( I didn't hit the little guy . ) 
Another day , another quatloo . TGIF !!! 
is preparing to upgrade his computer from Vista to Se7en . Wish me luck ! ( It took less than an hour to upgrade my < PROPMALE > to Snow Leopard , counting pre-backup , so that's the score to beat ! ) 
If it's possible to die of boredom , better put the crash cart on stand-by . 
spent the day interacting with about 2000 grade school students . Half a decade ago , I left teaching , mourning the future of humanity . Today only revalidated that viewpoint . 
has spent most of his available time during the last seven days fixing a stream of assorted computer problems ( still ongoing , btw ) . Do I have bad cyberkarma ??? 
Think positive thoughts for me , as I'm trying to create a bubble of isolated space-time for myself for early next week ( despite many outside influences attempting to burst it ) . 
This week's scores in the Computer Repair marathon ( for those of you with a program ( pun intended )): 
Okay , I give up ... What the heck is the difference between \News Feed\ " and \ " Live Feed \"?" 
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bor ... * ACK ! * BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE .............................. * thump * 
is closing in on what he hopes will be the end of the computer repair marathon ... His e-mail is now fully repaired ( knock on silicon) !!! 
Latest update on the 60-in-6 Project : As of this morning , down 12 pounds from 1 Oct ! Woo-hoo ! Three more pounds until the first \borderline \"..." 
If you are reading this , whether we speak often , or not , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
Thanksgiving Challenge : Everyday until Thanksgiving , think of one thing that you are thankful for and post it as your status . 
So wonderful to start each work day with the guy in the office across the hall blaring his stereo ( and I don't mean a little boom box ) , and then standing out in the hallway , shouting to be heard over his stereo , talking with someone about some TV show or sports game the previous night . Don't bother posting about taking this to HR or the boss . Their offices are just a couple doors away , and they do nothing . 
It's ... a .... beautiful day in the neighborhood ! 
Wow ... If this day had gone any more slowly , I think it would have spontaneously shifted into reverse ! 
[ REPOST ] Thanksgiving Challenge : Everyday until Thanksgiving , think of one thing that you are thankful for and post it as your status . 
[ REPOST ] Thanksgiving Challenge : Everyday until Thanksgiving , think of one thing that you are thankful for and post it as your status . 
So here's the dilemma : I just got home from a long day on little sleep , and by rights I should be going to sleep . HOWEVER , my blu-ray of < PROPFEMALE > Trek ( a 2+ hour film ) arrived today . What to do , oh what to do ?!! :-) 
Thanksgiving Challenge : Everyday until Thanksgiving , think of one thing for which you are thankful and post it as your status . 
Wanted : Editor for brief 2-3 paragraph essay . Looking for critque of content . Apply within . 
Stereo Boy across the hall is performing what I thought would be impossible : Making me dislike the sound of Pink < PROPMALE > . 
Thanksgiving Challenge : Everyday until Thanksgiving , think of one thing for which you are thankful and post it as your status . Day 11 : I am thankful to those who have been supportive and encouraging of my efforts to diet and lose weight over the past couple of months . One positive feedback outweighs a dozen negative ones ( and there have been those , believe it or not ) . 
Thanksgiving Challenge : Everyday until Thanksgiving , think of one thing for which you are thankful and post it as your status . On this 12th Day of Thanksgiving , I've saved one of the best for last . I am thankful for three of the sweetest words in my contemporary vocabulary : Paid Time Off . Y'all have fun at work today , y'hear ? :-) 
Happiness is lunch out on a day off with a \surrogate sister\ " I haven't seen in too long . :-) " 
Ah , Thanksgiving ... A day for contemplative introspection , and to say , \Diet ? What diet ? \ " * burp * :-) " 
Ugh ... Sugar hangover migraine ... :-( 
is seriously contemplating the purchase of yet another computer . Oy , when will this madness end ? :-) 
Hi ho , hi ho , it's back onto the diet we go ... C'mon Mongo , put down that pizza ! 
suffers from iPhone iStrain . X-( 
Ever wish you had a little signal in your head telling you that what you were doing was the right thing ? I sure do ... 
< PROPFIRST > Shatner : If you have money , you're going to get health care . If you don't have money it's more difficult . Rush Limbaugh : If you have money you're going to get a house on the beach . If you don't have money you're going to live in a bungalow somewhere . < PROPFIRST > Shatner : But we're talking about health care . Rush Limbaugh : What's the difference ? 
After two days of tinnitic congestion , cause indeterminate , I believe it is finally beginning to abate . ( I still think it's an unexpected allergic reaction to Wednesday's lunch . ) 
It's obviously a snow day , let us leave work early ... 
is currently working on a document that has been undergoing continuous revision for over two decades now . ( This may be the best revision yet , if I do say so myself ! ) 
I . HATE . SNOW . 
Since no one had any comment about my picture with Barack Obama , I decided to put up a more interesting one . I'm the person on the left . :-) 
Ahhh ... Nice and cold , and the snow has been cleared . 
I have not confirmed the rumor , but I have been told my sister's cat has more Facebook friends than I do . 
What a week . * whew * :-( 
Io , Saturnalia ! 
is ready to return to the office tomorrow . Being at home is way too much work ! Vacation ... bah , humbug ! 
Monday morning . Running on almost no sleep . Stereo Boy across the hall from my office is blasting away . Yay me . : -b 
twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle twiddle . 
would have enjoyed wearing his Bears jacket to work today ( if only he remembered where he stored it ) . 
Here comes more snow . yay . 
Just a few more hours until the long weekend . Hopefully it won't be the exercise in hard labor like last weekend . 
Okay , before you come in , 2010 , I want to lay it out for you . Here's the challenge : Be better than 2009 . I know , that's not hard to accomplish , but I expect you to excel at it and exceed my meager expectations . Got it ? Good ! Okay , you can come in as soon as you're ready ... 
10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... ... zzzzzzzzz ............. 
Facebook , how thou doth vex me !!! 
Looking forward to a seven-hour meeting tomorrow . Have the crash cart ready , I may die of boredom ! 
Being in a car spinning out of control and careening towards a ditch in heavy traffic is not as much fun in person as it would seem on TV . 
So now they're selling 3-D TVs , and ESPN is starting a 3-D network . I know where this is going . With my luck , they'll find a way to remake < PROPFEMALE > Trek TOS into 3-D and I'll have to buy the series YET AGAIN ( just after finally getting it again in Blu-Ray ) . 
For those keeping score at home , an update : The 60-in-6 project has fallen on hard times , and is threatening to turn into the 6-for-60 instead ! The holidays have awakened mongo from his enforced hibernation , and he is HUNGRY ...! :-O 
Upgrading a couple more computers today . Yes , I'm a masochist . Bring on the computers problems : I like it , I love it , I want some more of it . 
I AM HAPPY . :-) 
finds it ironic that Coca-Cola , on their Diet Coke products , claim to support heart health ; this makes sense in conjunction with fat loss , but is blithely oblivious to the long-term effects of caffeine on hypertension and cardiovascular well-being . Coke might as well go all the way and support diabetes prevention and dental health . 
I'm in a Carlin mood today . Why ? Cuz I'm a modern man ... 
really wants to try Pepsi Throwback with real sugar , but do they have it in diet ? Maybe next they'll have Diet Pepsi Throwback , with real saccharin . 
Well , it seems as though our corporation of overpaid hired fighters , many of whom are not from here , have lost a well-fought battle against their corporation of overpaid hired fighters , many of whom are not from there . Aw well , such is the way of modern corporate tribalism and controlled microwarfare . 
has been in an especially deep existential funk for several days now , and really needs to make progress towards finding an acceptable answer to : Why . 
Ah , Monday . Out of the fire , and back into the frying pan . 
Ye gods , how I hate driving in winter . 
I don't care if you do throw in Andie MacDowell , this day better not be repeated over and over again !!! 
15 hours and counting . What would < PROPFIRST > Shatner do ? :-) 
11 hours left ... Maybe I could program the Replicator to create one ... 
Eight hours left ... This is turning into a \pon farr\ " mate or die scenario ! " 
waits . 
is taking a mental health day . ( Who needs it more ? ) 
is sleepwalking again today . Two virii in the house ... one biological , one cyber . Yay me , resident medic and IT support person . 
Happy New Year everyone ! ( Now I have to stop writing \Year of the Ox\ " on my checks ! ) " 
really needs to stop watching the new technology segments on 60 Minutes . It's depressing . 
is so extremely bored , he is cleaning his office . Sorting , filing , ( lots of ) discarding , that sort of thing . Yes , really . Be afraid . Be very afraid . This is one of the signs of the coming apocalypse . 
is being especially masochistic on a Friday afternoon by sketching out synthetic pathways that in all likelihood he will never get to execute . 
I'm sitting in Caribou , and there's this guy half-snoozing in a comfy chair nearby reading a book entitled : \Eliminating Procrastination . \ " I kid you not . LOL " 
It's movie line week on FB ; copy and paste this into your update status , then put a favorite line as a comment for others to guess the movie and character . Be sure to try guessing other friends ' , too ! 
was up until 3 AM last night discussing xenochemistry with a NASA/JPL representative . If this fact surprises you ... what are you doing here reading this ? :-) 
It's time for ... San < PROPFIRST > ! 
has just received a most intriguing inquiry ... hmm ...... 
< LONG STRING OF PROFANE EXPLICATIVES CENSORED > COMCAST < ANOTHER LONG STRING OF PROFAME EXPLICATIVES CENSORED > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Fortune cookie from Friday night ... \You will make a change for the better . \ " Hmmmmmmmmmmm .............................. " 
I prefer 47 to 48 . 47 is a nice prime number . Too many factors can go into 48 . Yuck . 
?? f ?? a ?? c ?? e ?? b ?? o ?? o ?? k ?????? ™ \ 
\ 
This drug is very efficient for cases of chronic boredom . \ 
Extra doses can lead to addiction . 
Wrath of Khan is on as the late movie . Oh well , didn't expect to get to sleep early anyway . 
Not much worse than waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get back to sleep . Even reciting the periodic table of elements isn't helping . Oh well , Leno is on soon . 
So bored today , I'm even watching football . ( Well , I have it on , I'm not watching it . ) 
I was called by half a dozen different recruiters today about one local chemist job . Unfortunately , it was a lab technician job . \ 
If all of them are calling me for the wrong job , how many are out there NOT calling me about the RIGHT job ??? 
Well , the weathercasters have used the \S\ " word for the first time this season . :-( " 
There are three kinds of liars : liars , damned liars , and advertisers . \ 
[ with respect to Disraeli and Clemens ] 
Apparently , at the Apple store ( as in real life ) there are \geniuses\ " and there are \ " Geniuses \"." 
< PROPFIRST > Carvey on one channel's talk show , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on the other . Again , with the illusion of choice . 
Perusing upcoming TV talk show listings ... \TV personality Bristol Palin\ " ... \ " blogger < PROPFEMALE > McCain\ " ... \ 
I swear , if the g-d Republican Party calls me ONE MORE TIME they're getting the AIR HORN into the phone !!! ( SIX times in the last two days ! ) 
Picture this corporate boardroom scenario :\ 
( read below ) 
This Tuesday , vote PLUTO for PLANETHOOD !!! 
Well , it's the morning after , and the Republicans have already improved the unemployment situation ... for themselves . It remains to be seen if they can do anything for the rest of us . 
Go\ 
to Google maps . Type in your start location as Japan , and your end \ 
location as < PROPFEMALE > . Scroll down to direction 43 . Laugh , and repost ! 
would have enjoyed getting that extra hour of sleep last night ... Unfortunately , the smoke alarm had other plans when it went off in the middle of the night . ( Fortunately , false alarm . )\ 
Great cardio . I don't recommend it . 
“There is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings . ” - < PROPFIRST > Rubinstein 
is very proud of the women and men who serve in our military . \ 
Now let's bring an end to these wars !!! 
Today is turning into a REALLY fine day to sit in the Pep Boys waiting room !!! 
The term \Winter Wonderland\ " had to have been coined prior to the invention of the automobile . " 
Cleared ... snow ... * pant pant * ... off cars ... and ... driveway ... * huff wheeze * ... \ 
Now back ... to job hunting ... * huff pant * ... \ 
Let's see ... * wheeze huff * ... Arizona ... New Mexico ... hmmm ... Louisiana ... Florida ... oooh , California !!! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Ferguson dancing with a Dalek . LOL 
For my Trekkie friends : Tonight on Letterman , \German Spock\ " . ( Ganz unlogisch . We can only hope it's funny . ) " 
Scroll down my wall for the post about the WTF Has Obama Done So Far < PROPFEMALE > . It's worth a read . ( whatthefuckhasobamadonesofar < PROPFEMALE > com ) Have you ever accomplished more in two years on a job ?? 
\Do you ever wonder where the producers of American Idol came up with the seemingly endless supply of people who can't sing but are deluded enough to get up in front of a national audience and screech out a song anyway ? \ " \ 
is flipping channels and pauses , watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Simpson throw rubber monkeys at a tic-tac-toe board made from buckets . \ 
If this is what entertains the average American , we are doomed . 
can't decide which marathon to do this weekend ... 
The Space Channel . One more good reason to move to Canada . :) 
I'm glad this tin of assorted chocolate-covered goodies is round and flat . Makes it easier to fling it , Frisbee-like , out of easy reach . I'll get around to doing that , any moment now ... 
Homeless go without eating . Unemployed go without jobs . Sick and elderly go without treatment . Troops go without equipment . Veterans go without benefits . Yet we give billions to other countries before helping our own ! Our parents told us : \You can't buy friends . \ " We need to stop seeking global good will by sending money and jobs to other countries before helping our own ! \ 
Sen. Menendez ( D-NJ ) said negotiating with Republicans is almost like negotiating with terrorists . \ 
Today , a deal was announced in which federal unemployment aid would be extended one year in trade for millionaires paying lower taxes for the next two years ( at a loss of nearly half a trillion dollars in tax revenue ) . \ 
So there's the difference : Don't negotiate with terrorists , but it's required with Republicans . 
went to a job interview yesterday . Was told at the start of it that I shouldn't have bothered with a suit and tie , that I could have worn jeans . \ 
I just can't win for losing ! 
It's that time of year once again to indulge in the belief that < PROPFIRST > rule our lives . \ 
Io , Numerologia ! 
Two hours on a flight to Texas yesterday ( not counting the one hour sitting on the tarmack waiting for repairs ) . \ 
What did I do ? WHAT DID I DO ??? \ 
I watched TOS on my laptop , of course . \ 
Guess which two episodes I watched , and win a fabulous prize !!! 
Why am I wasting time watching a film called \Megaquake\ " ? I guess it's my own fault ... " 
State of the Union is about to start . I wonder if < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann is going to kiss Obama the way she did Bush . ; -b 
Big job interview tomorrow , so I'm going to take this thing right down its throat . 
I want you to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to LIE . That's right . Just MAKE STUFF UP !!! After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . ;-) 
Finally , a Super Bowl with my two least favorite teams . I suppose it had to happen sooner or later . \ 
Thank goodness for the junk food aspect of the day . :-) 
Cocktail sausage and baked beans . Popcorn fish . Pizza rolls . Breaded mozzarella sticks . Steamed shrimp . Four-cheese beer fondue with fresh-baked French bread . Two types of chicken wings . Hand-made Italian meatballs . Potato skins with cheddar-bacon topping . Vegetable sticks . Relish tray . Assorted beverages . \ 
Whew . Tired . Go ahead , dig in . \ 
Oh wait , you're not here . I really should try this with guests some year ... 
Hey Trekkies : < PROPFEMALE > Nichols on Piers < PROPFIRST>'s show right now ... 
* yawn * A full day begs and begets a full night's sleep . Night , y'all . 
