Sorting things is never fun ... I mean , what exactly defines something necessary ?! 

is glad my things are packed , but now can't find a good crabcake recipe ... =( 
I do wish Mississippi had weather like California . I'd never leave the state if that was the case ! 
We made it over the pond ! And , the best news ? We said GOODBYE to Sprint !! It is odd to not have a cell phone , though .... 
thinks Aachen is amazing . We will post pictures soon , but as of now , we are short on internet time ! 
I feel 15 again : I got my < PROPMALE > drivers ' license yesterday !! 
is tired . Getting up early to go to Luxembourg ! Adding another stamp to the passport ! 
I'm soooooo ready to be in the house ... 
We move in tomorrow ! YEAH !! It might be a while before we are online again ; rumor is Germans don't get in too big of a hurry to process those requests . =) 
is happy to have the internet back ! We are almost settled in , yeah ! 
has a broken toe and shingles . AND my hair is turning more grey ... I'm expecting my AARP membership card in the mail any day now ... 
is a bit homesick . I miss the sound of a Southern accent ! ;) 
loves that my FB is in English , except for the ads . That is hilarious ! 
says shingles stink .... I itch , so I scratch , then it hurts .... a vicious circle ... =( 
is glad the house isn't as bad as it was- not as many boxes left , thankfully !! 
is sooooo happy the temporary funiture is gone !! Bless those sweet Dutchmen for taking it away ! 
I am so , so , so excited !! I JUST found out that I'll be able to watch the Rebels tomorrow night/Friday morning . What's 1:30 a.m. mean to me anyway ? 
had a fantastic cappuccino earlier at dinner to get me through til 1:30 to see my Rebs ! I'm so ready to see some SEC boys play ; poor < PROPFIRST > is out for the count , though ... ;) 
It has turned off chilly here ! I can't believe it- and , it's getting dark earlier ... I love fall ! 
' Whenever you stand praying , forgive , if you have anything against anyone ; so that your Father in heaven may also forgive you . ' 
Time to turn on the heat ; it's 55 * for the high today ! 
has to find motivation today . I'm just running out of steam with all the unpacking . < PROPFEMALE > was right- we do have a lot of stuff ! 
is reminded of home today : 70% humidity !! 
I'll be home in less than a week , wow ! I am excited !! 
is packing .... sorta packing ... Hilarious , for the past month I've been unpacking . Do you know how difficult this is considering I don't know where things are ?! 
figured out the heaters today !! I'm so thrilled , even though this probably sounds completely simple to everyone else .... I'm still excited ! 
is laughing at her nephew playing golf in the living room . He LOVES golf ! 
is sad my little buddies went home . I love spending time with my niece and nephew ! 
really wishes I'd brought a heavy jacket with me . But honestly , it isn't easy packing a bag to visit Mississippi . You never know what you're gonna face !! 
visited my great-grandmother this evening . She is an amazing woman , 97 years old and sharp as a tack ! 
got new games on the Wii , courtesy of my sis ! Love it ! 
is ' bout to make some chili . Perfect cold , rainy night for something warm and spicy ! Maybe garlic bread , too ... Hmmmm ..... 
had my 1st round of orientation today for the new job ; I think this just might be a lot of fun ! 
feels terribly guilty- I made a Red < PROPFEMALE > Cheesecake Saturday , and it is sooooo amazing . I'm sure it's a sin to eat like that . Diet , what ? 
is so ready for Saturday , but what shoes do you wear in < PROPFIRST > when it's supposed to rain ?! I mean , you gotta look cute for the pictures , but the feet have to be comfortable , too , right ? 
believes that Saturday was a fantastic day all around- great traveling weather and the Rebs won ! Geaux Rebels ! 
is packed and ready for London . I even bought ear plugs in case Foghorn Leghorn is on this bus trip again . 
loves the cold ! Come on , snow !! 
doesn't want to go in the kitchen .... So much to do for tomorrow ! 
hopes all are having a fantastic Christmas ! Ours was great- complete with snow , good food , and good company . Kinda makes me homesick for my family and US friends ! Love to y'all , everywhere ! 
it's official- I am getting old ! It's just 9:30 and I can't hardly keep my eyes open . When did this happen ?!? 
is soooo cold ... 16 * . Really ?! Holding my breath for more snow , and soon ! 
has finished all the paperwork , just gotta get sworn in on Monday ! 
is frustrated that this week is a 6 day work week .... 
is a little homesick . It wouldn't be so bad , but we've got such wonderful family and friends in the US . I love you all and miss y'all! 
enjoys the fresh country air , but not this particular \scent \"...." 
wants more snow . Especially now that I don't have to drive 3 hours in it ! 
pulled a pretty successful dinner out of my sleeve tonight . Nothing like experimenting in the kitchen and it turning out well ! 
A perfect day off : Good Book ? Check . Hot Tea ? Check . Snow ? Check . Reading of the book and drinking of the hot tea while it's snowing ? Check ! 
how does a house get so messy when only 2 people live here , and we're NEVER here ?! Pigpen must be a ghost in our house ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pfBUUZNbFM 
a clean house is the perfect way to start a new week ; it makes me sleep better at night knowing my \to clean\ " list is checked off . My mom and grandma would be so proud ! " 
Our weekend ? IKEA early in the morning , followed by grocery shopping at Schinnen and on the economy , hamburgers for dinner , church with our BBC homies Sunday and catching up with friends and family . =) 
Just sayin ' , if you've never jammed out to Nursery Rhymes remixed ( ie , Little Miss Muffet , Hey Diddle Diddle , etc ) , you're missing out . Just sayin ' . 
is so excited about going to < PROPFIRST > again . I just bought new shoes for all the walking we'll be doing when we go in May ! =) 
life ... is good ! 
is laughing at < PROPMALE > in my papazan . He just \can't get right\ " . Hilarious ! " 
oh my , oh my . I think I just set a world record for THE finest fried chicken EVER made . Seriously , I hurt myself eating it , and not because it was too hot ! 
thinks my job is pretty great- I got \nose kisses\ " from all of my pretoddlers today ! They are so precious ! " 
yucky , yucky wind and rain ... it's so dreary outside ! 
had a very productive weekend ; we just need to get < PROPMALE > tomorrow , and I'll be happy ! =) 
is glad to be feeling a bit more \normal\ " .... if normal can be applied to a general status . " 
I feel so official in the DoD system . I can use insane sounding acronyms to make myself appear important . Wanna see an example ? Okay : I just completed my DAU online training for my TDY tomorrow for GPC training . Yeah . Don't I sound important ? 
can't get right . Know what I mean ?! 
is having coffee with the dog this morning . 
I've finally figured out why computers are such a pain- you get angry , you punch them , and they won't replace it , so you have to buy a new one .... AAAAaaauuuugghhhhhh ! 
what a sad noise .... NO noise ! < PROPFIRST > is TDY , and < PROPMALE > is outside .... ah , the sound of silence and the smell of lasagne ! 
think it may be time to go to bed ... the dog is snoring ....! 
why do we spend so much time with the tv on ? Since our AFN satelite bit the dust , I have found myself much more aware of the things that need tending in my life . It's so sad that something so unnecessary can distract you from the important things of life ! 
sooo ... my dog is just chillin in his bed in the living room . He leans over and starts licking the lampstand . After about 7-8 licks , he stopped , but kept his tongue on the lamp and looked at it like , \Why am I licking this ? \ " Hilarious ! " 
hoping that everyone home in MS is okay- let me know how y'all are doing back there , please !!! 
I am so thankful for the peace and quiet this little town offers ; I think I will be able to deal with the stink this evening so I can keep the windows/doors open ! 
is glad to have gotten a bit done today ; it was totally worth giving up a day off ! 
is so excited- the 12th is not far away !! 
just wants everyone to know that banana flavored cotton < PROPFEMALE > isn't so fantastic . It may seem like a tasty idea , but it is so .... YUCKY !!! 
< PROPMALE > got into a roll of Certs today . There are several chewed up cinnamon flavored breath mints all over the living room floor . But , ask me how his breath smells ? Not so fresh .... 
3 day weekend in < PROPFIRST > with 3 of my best friends ? Yes , please !! 
ahh , home . The weekend was wonderful , but exhausting ! I am ready for a good nights ' sleep and a pedicure before Amsterdam on Tuesday . 
The girls are gone , < PROPFIRST>'s getting ready for work , and the house is so quiet .... Just the ticking of the clock and the whining of < PROPMALE > today ! 
loves this sunshine ! Gorgeous weather and a nice breeze . We just watched < PROPFIRST > Hood and are headed to the neighbors birthday party this evening . 
another lovely day ... Monty and I had our coffee outside in the rocking chair by the pond . I can't make myself accomplish much inside today ! 
What a fantastic weekend . I don't want it to end !! 
is that .... thunder ?! I can't believe my ears !! I love a good thunderstorm . 
is aboutta take on a small task . Montana < PROPFIRST > is hitting FB tonight ! 
it is so gorgeous outside ... so what am I doing INSIDE ?! Bye ! 
wants to wish congratulations to all the Tech-Sergeant Selects across the globe , especially to mine ! =) Yea , < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Gosh , I love coffee ice cream .... I love it !!! 
woke up thinking today was Friday ... it turns out it's just Tuesday- how sad .... 
is honored and flattered by the sweet sentiments from my room . Room One Parents and kids rock ! ( That includes the kids and the families that just transitioned , too ! ) 
I love the 4th of July , but it makes me miss being in the USA ! But a special thanks to those past and present that have taken a stand to defend us- Thank you !! 
I don't feel like I'm ready to get out of here just yet . What's wrong with me ?!? I suppose it's because I left the CDC like a tornado today .... whew ! I'm so sleeping on the plane tomorrow ( hopefully ! ) 
I can't believe how many people wished me a hpapy birthday ... Thanks for the sweet sentiments and all the love ! It's amazing to feel so loved ! 
can't wait to see my great grandmother tomorrow ; what a blessing to have her in our lives ! 
hmmmm .... I can't wait for coconut cake this weekend ! It's gonna be an all day affair to make it too- combining a little bit of < PROPFIRST > Keller and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > recipes : how could this possibly go wrong ?!? 
mmmmmm .... I love NY Cheddar Kettle chips ! 
... I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . 
watched 3 cool movies this weekend : Our Daily Bread ( < PROPMALE > documentary about food industry ) , Clash of the Titans , and Inception . Oh , yeah , and I did clean the house a little . ;) 
dang , dang , dang .... I got my 1st European speeding ticket . =( 25 euros for going 4 km over the limit . Seriously ?!?! 
Through the rain , it's been a pretty decent weekend ! I made an awesome pizza Friday night , we had a great time Saturday w/ a movie & dinner ( kangaroo is excellent ! ) with fantastic friends , and today , I read all afternoon with a break for a nap . To top it off , < PROPFIRST > fixed dinner all by himself ! * sigh * life .... is good ! 
mental exhaustion might just be the end of me . 
my motto for the past 2 weeks ? \Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true . \ " =) " 
I'm wondering ... when does doing what you want trump what is right for the rest of the group ? This is starting to get on my nerves !!! 
My poor little work space is the red-headed step child of the squadron ... the computer is so old and beaten up , the caps lock button is stuck and EVERYTHING I TYPE LOOKS LIKE THIS UNLESS I HOLD THE SHIFT BUTTON DOWN ! =( 
do you want to hear something fabulous ? Tomorrow is Friday . Yes , Friday . I only have 3.5 hours left to work today , and then it ... is ... Friday . Imagine me gasping as I said those words . Like a person coming in from the desert after being lost for a week and finally finding their way back . < PROPFEMALE > be to God , I survived yet another week !! 
Monday , Monday .... won't go away .... 
how bad is it that work stresses you out so much that it affects your speech ?!? Or maybe , just maybe , it's gotten to the point that it's caused me to suffer from a stroke ? 
what comes to mind with these words ? Gargamel , Grendel , Medussa , and Shaman . 3 guesses and the first 2 don't count ! 
can you believe it's already Sunday ? I feel like a kid dreading the week of finals , or something .... sheesh . 
ehhh ... feeling a little homesick , y'all . I may need to make some sweet tea to help me through this ! 
Day 2 of making meals without having bought groceries in almost 2 weeks . The combinations MAY start getting a little bizarre ....! 
so proud of my mother ! Congratulations on your National Board ( re-)Certification , Mama ! 
just when you think the week can't get any better , you wake up to FRIDAY ! Yeah ! Aaaand if you're available , come by the CDC today from 10-12 to say goodbye to Ms < PROPFEMALE > . 
sheesh , already Monday ? Well , it better be great if it's gonna follow the awesome weekend < PROPFIRST > and I had !! 
2 days left of this week ( including today , as it's 630 ); can it get any better ? Oh , wait ... YES it can : London on Friday for a 4 day weekend ! American football AND shopping . * sigh * ;) 
Montana < PROPFIRST > had a pretty tough fall this weekend ; he will be in for ' surgery ' tonight . Cross your fingers he comes out well & I don't glue myself to him . 
I'm a bit confused ... 
dear wind , please stop . The rolladens are shaking so much , I feel like I'm in a Night of the Living Dead movie or something .... 
just a few more weeks , and we're coming home ! Super exciting !! 
Due to weather conditions , the satelite is out ; Montana < PROPFIRST>'s surgery will happen TONIGHT !! 
the social calendar is filling up so fast in these last few days . It's nice to have so many wonderful things to look forward to enjoying . =) 
Thanks for all the thoughts for Montana < PROPFIRST > ! The ' surgery ' was a success , though there are visible fracture in the football . 
if you can believe it , < PROPFIRST > and I were in and out of Ikea in less than 45 minutes !! AND , we had things to load in the car ... 
this weekend , a guy driving a SUV swerved into our < PROPFIRST > to dodge a PUDDLE on a PAVED road .... Why would you drive an SUV if you are afraid of hitting WATER ?!?! No one was hurt in this idiotic display of sissy-ness ... 
headed to the Real after work today in Heinsberg ! 
good company + good food + laughs & fun games = seriously good times last night ! Thanks , girls ! 
OK , I'll play along .... You and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Note if you comment , you got to copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours ! Fair is fair .... Play along !! 
is seriously thinking about how much I miss living in CA .... never thought I'd say that ! =) 
just finished making Thanksgiving for the little guys at the CDC , and believe it or not , I got all the dishes out on time ! Big accomplishment for me this week ! 
in memory of my amazing great grandmother- you will be missed deeply , but we are joyful for your amazing , wisdom filled legacy you left behind in the 98 years you were here among us ! Thank you , Grandmother Haggard , for all the great food , laughs , love , and sweet hugs throughout our lives . 
is having trouble focusing on what I've got to do before next Thursday , because I'm so , so , SO ready to be HOME !!!! 
gotta hit up the Natex today for the rest of my Christmas happies , then pack tonight and I'm on the downslope to home !! 
What a blessing to be home ; what a blessing our friends are , too ! Thanks for everything- < PROPMALE > , Jenn , and < PROPFIRST > , especially ! 
Fudge is done , pralines are in the making , too . Divinity is on deck ; Mama picked up a good puzzle- Christmas movies are on the tv ! There's nothing like being home for a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
how sad that we are leaving the US already- one last family gathering tonight ! We will miss our family , but are looking forward to being home again . 
whatever you do , it shall be 
The human body is an amazing thing- even though I do not feel well , my mind is clear , relieved , and focused which puts me in a great mood , causing me to have an amazing outlook on today ! ( And the next couple of days , too ! ) 
just wanna say that < PROPFEMALE > Hansen is the most fabulous person ever ! She is dedicated , hard-working , committed , fair , intelligent , judicial , and plain phenomenal . THANK YOU , my friend for being YOU ! ;) 
Wowza ... it's almost 8 ... I guess I'd better get to work ! 
I think I may need to refill the caffeine levels now ... 
I love weekend mornings when we don't have to be anywhere early . The quiet of the house is inviting and relaxing ... just waiting on the coffee to finish brewing ! 
Dear Monday . could you try to show up a little bit slower next weekend ? 
< PROPMALE > is in serious trouble and all the while , he's giving < PROPFIRST > puppy dog eyes to get out of his mess !! 
\I must do something\ " always solves more problems than \ " Something must be done . \ " ~ Author Unknown .... just sayin .... " 
wow , it's so cold !! 
Let's hope this morning's hiccups are over and the rest of the day runs well ; otherwise , I'm packing up and heading home !! 
Wake me up from hibernation when < PROPFEMALE>'s gone . please . 
I love orange sherbert ! 
3 day weekends are the best ! Especially when you enjoy fabulous food and great company with awesome friends ! 
wow ... I just found rice krispie treat on the hem of my jeans ... No wonder the dog was super interested in my ankle tonight ! 
hmmm ... not too sure about watching the rest of 127 hours ... I'm losing my constitution !! 
It is a beautiful day- nice weather , sun shining ... makes me wish I was off the rest of the day . * sigh * 
It's turned out to be 3 weeks in a row of the same kind of thing . I'm starting to feel kinda like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... 
