Getting ready for move excited . 

Getting ready to go to work and really wishin they hadnt called but , the extra doe will do me good . 
So needing this day off .... going to see my puppy and kit-kat and try to relax . 
Read this today ..... If you are indifferent to a wrong then you are part of it .... Kinda puts a new perspective on alot of issues most people just let happen cuz it doesnt affect their little world huh ? 
Had a really good week . Hopin next week goes as good . 
Happy that football is back !!!! 
So happy football is back .. 
Really happy about getting in touch with friends from looong ago .... really looking forward to hopefully renewing some friendships . 
Football day !!!! Cant believe Sept . went by so fast . It seems like the older you get time just moves so fast . 
Really long day and no end in sight looking forward to the weekend . 
Not ready for the week end to end but , I guess it has to sometime ..... 
Well , I feel like I should be somewhere else today ..... Oh well , have to make the best of it Really happy the weather is changing to cool waitin for the cold .... 
I am bored to night !!!!! Still feel like I should be somewhere else ....... 
day is the long day ready for it to be over ...... 
Not having the best of evenings but , I figure it could be alot worse so just going to get through ........ maybe tomarrow will be a better day . 
Went to doc yesterday and have to have more tests and not looking like fun . Other than that life going by in a blurrrrr time moves so fast . Although I am looking forward to the HOLIDAYS !!! Try the Pmpkin pie Blizzard at Dairy < PROPFEMALE > YUMMY 
Football Day !! My life is so predictable .... I might need some excitement ....... 
Bored out of my mind !!!!! Did see a really pretty rainbow earlier and it makes you realize how wonderfull nature really is ..... still blahhh though it will pass I hope . 
Thought today was going to hum drum , but got one single e-mail that made it FANTASTIC !!!!! I needed some good news after how crappy I been feelin ' the last few weeks . I hope that everyone has a good day too !! 
Lovin the cool weather just hope it doesnt flip script and get hot again . 
Got some papers in the mail and pray that its the ones that say you are FREE !! After 15 yrs of thinkin I was it will be nice to finally get my real name back !! Whoo Hoo !! 
Wishin I had the day to spend outside it is a wonderful fall day !! 
Ready for this week to be over and still have 3 long hard days to go . Get to put up Christmas decorations today so that will help put me in better mood ..... I hope ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody !!!!! I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday and say a little prayer for SNOW !!!!! 
Well , 3 days and only 4 ciggs so I guess I will be a non-smoker soon . Never thought I would actually do it but , I do feel like I am done .... that means I have no addictions at all .... wow I am leading a really boring life oh well , I guess it had to get slow at some point .... maybe with all the money I save on smokes will pay for a nice trip somewhere ... 
Lovin ' the whiteness outside , everything looks so pretty . Wish it would stay like this . 
Here's something that I read and thought , huh ? Life isn't about how to survive the storm but how to dance in the rain ..... And this one .... What if the Hokey Pokey really is what it's all about ? 
Super Bowl !!!!! Go Green Bay !!! Gonna be a great game . Cant wait til ' kick off !!! 
