nothing 

chillin 
damn chargers made me cry 
fuck 
leave me a msg if ur tryin to get tats 
mafia wars is the shit 
go and join .. 
bored as hell at the house hit the celly up .. 
LAST NIGHT WAS BAD ASS BUT TONIGHTS GONNA BE WAY BETTER .. 
mardigras was badd ass last night 
estoy bueno e como estas tu ? 
got kicked out of whiskey girls last night cuz of sum dumb ass mother f@#$er !!! but it was still fun as HELL .. 
happey easter everybody 
WEST COAST !!! 
thanks to everyone wishing me a happpy b day man im havin a bad ass weekend ... hungover as fuck hit the celly up 
I HOP UP OUT DA BEDDD .. TURN MY SWAGGGG ONNNN 
Life gives u ten minutes of happiness for ten days of saddness .. but man is every second of that happiness worth it .. 
R . I . P to all those who dies in the tragedy of the church bombing .. may god bless their souls and bless all their families and burn those fucking ass holes who did this in eternal darkness and hell them and their families and anyone who supports them or thinks its a good idea to kill innocent people for any reason ... fucking cowards !! 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you and whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the best . Put as your status if there is someone in Heaven you will miss this Christmas 
< PROPFEMALE > XMAS EVERYONE AND MUCH LOVE FROM THE ONE AND ONLY .. 
can anyone tell me what \SMH\ " means ???? " 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing mother , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
there are times\ 
I've suffered shipwrecks in my journeys ;\ 
in perils of robbers ;\ 
in perils of false brethren ;\ 
in perils of my own design . \ 
yet , from these perils comes knowledge ; only from within may we truly shine . ( 2pac ) 
stressed in helllll todayy 
whats up with these boaterr ass drivers that dunno how to drive but pay 200 n get a license n now causin most accidents in el cajonnn .. wtfff learn how to drive atleast if ur gonna drive at all 
