Oh , look it here ! ' Tis 2011 ! 

Coulda swore I just saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > . Lasted about half a second . Just a streak in the sky . 
Pretty much got my All-Suburban music down . . . Guess I ought to get on with the All-State music , hmmm ? ( First chair = I gotta be the best ! :O ) 
Hi 
Hey , don't bug me , I WILL post a profile photo ! 
is grossed out because he just found a hair in his mouth and couldn't help but think that no , this hair did not come from his own head ( the most likely of possibilities ) , but rather that of another person , an old nasty who never washes their greasy hair . o_O 
just uploaded a profile pic . BE HAPPY !!!!!! 
just filled an old shoebox full of Pre-Calculus and Trigonometry tests , homework , and notes ! 
' s myPersonality profile says his college < PROPMALE > should be Music . FIGURES 
' s grades were pretty good this year . All A's both first semester and second semester including a semester grade of 105% in Pre-AP Physics :P That's a 100 on everything and 105 or more on all tests YAYAYAYAYAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
( Yes , I'm bragging , deal with it :P ) 
loves life . The good and the bad moments . The bad only make the good so much better , especially when you've got friends , family , and God . 
!!!!!!!!! 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH I wanna dance with somebody ! I wanna feel the HEAT with somebody ! YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH I wanna dance with somebody ! With somebody who loves me ! 
QWERTYUIOPASDFGHJKLZXCVBNM 
just found a centipede . Cool !! :D :D :D 
was up til 4 in the morning and is now very very tired :( CURSE CREATIVE SPARKS !! I couldn't go to bed until I got this song down on paper . My mind hates me ! 
just washed the his car again after it was soaped for the 3rd time !! Really ? Really ?! 
I can't put my phone down ! Every time I try someone texts me right before I let go or right after ! I guess that's what I get for starting 5 conversations at once . ROFL ! 
Craving some Chinese food pretty bad ... 
Uhhherrrahawr ! I feel super stupid now ... I just spent 5 minutes yelling at my N64 . Jet Force Gemini wouldn't play , so I kept on blowing into the cartridge and slamming it into the socket . Well , after minutes of me channeling my aggression into two pieces of plastic , I gave up and tried turning the TV off . When I pressed the power button , the TV turned on ... 
I wanna go on a road trip . I don't care where . I don't care how long . I wanna go somewhere with my friends and family . Just me and them . Anybody else feel like this sometimes ? 
WOOOOOHOOOOOO !!! I am SUPER PUMPED for this weekend ! Ah , District Convention ! Highlight of EVERY SUMMER EVER !!! YYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!! Who else is as excited as me ?!?!?! 
I already miss the convention :(((( Oh , well , meeting tonight ! 
My dad just gave me some Scripture flashcards last night :D Memorizing them should be a lot easier now ! 
1484 tracks on my ibiza Rhapsody ( mp3 player ) and going up everyday ! :D Thank God for 30G mp3 players ! :D :D :D 
All these people running around facebook with Pokemon pictures is driving me CRAZY 
So I'm basically gonna be locked up in a resort for 4 days ... I'm actually excited about this whole all-state thing 
Well . . . no school tomorrow . Can't decide if that's a good thing or a bad thing 
My deadly sin is . . . lust ...... LOLOLOLOLOL 
Can it really be winter break ?? No ! Impossible ! 
Just finished Wyrms by Orson < PROPFIRST > Card . Great book ! Suggest it to everyone ! Started Congo by < PROPFIRST > Crichton :) 
gets all giddy inside when he orders books on writing . What a nerd ! 
Yes , I wish that for just one time\ 
You could stand inside my shoes\ 
You’d know what a drag it is\ 
To see you 
God gave us eyes in order to read and hands in order to write . 
Just finished 1984 . . . absolutely hated it 
Why'd you cut holes in the face of the < PROPFEMALE > base ? 
\The mysterious side of your nature makes you most alluring . \"" 
So . . . I'm deciding about this novel I'm in the middle of plotting at the moment . Should it be third person present or third person past ? 
Here are the books on my list as of now :\ 
\ 
Dune ( reading as of now)\ 
Guns , Germs , and Steel ( reading as of now)\ 
Runner ( reading as of now)\ 
I Am Number Four ( reading as of now)\ 
Old Man's War ( reserved at KL)\ 
Little Brother ( reserved at KL)\ 
Rollback\ 
Halting State 
I would put up a status that says : \NO SCHOOL !!! \ " but anyone who cares already knows :) " 
Guys really shouldn't wear long hair . . . I can't tell if they're girly guy or a guy-y girl 
Last night I had a dream about you . In this dream , I'm dancing right beside you . And it looked like everyone was having fun . The kinda feeling , I waited so long . Don't stop , come a little closer . As we jam , the rhythm gets stronger . There's nothing wrong with just a little , little fun . We were dancing all night long . 
All-State . . . there's no adjectives to describe it 
Sometimes a story idea comes from an interesting title . . . \The City That Slept On The Clouds\ " . . . slightly inspired by \ " Reverie\ " by < PROPFIRST > Debussy " 
Why are people so bored ?!?! Jeeze ! Get a hobby ! 
3.5 snow days this week :) 
I'm actually glad to finally get back to school . . . FOR A DAY ! Mwahahahahahaha ! . . . No , but seriously , I'm glad it's an A day :) :) 
Yep , that's right folks . Today's gonna be a < PROPFEMALE > episode . Here's the clicker . No one'll blame you . 
I figured out where all that antarctic ice went . It's in my yard . 
Methinks y'all sunk < PROPFEMALE > ship :) 
Time to start popping out the allergy medicine :/ 
It's official . I hate Windows Media Player . 
This is no jest : \ 
Hamlet , once the best , \ 
now becomes a pest . \ 
O , you cursed test ! 
5 < PROPMALE > never felt so good :) 
Sorbet or ice cream ? Ice cream or sorbet ? :/ :( 
PEOPLE ! Get a grip ! It's only Wednesday ! 
