And I go go go on my hover round ! 

So here I am checking out this new thing I just heard about , Facebook . It appears all of my new friends have known about this thing for awhile now . Thus I have conformed . 
shouldn't've taken that nap eariler . Now sleep seems like quite the task . Might as well do some dorm work while I'm awake ... or I could just watch Afro Samurai ( the full length feature with my man < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) . 
NAP TIME ! 
clockwork orange and rum at 4:00 AM are perfect for each other 
< PROPFEMALE > Tour de Franzia coming up soon . Boxed wine and bikes ... It just doesn't get any better than that ! 
I am a loser , I am Satan , I am Jesus Christ , I'm me ! There are no winners in this fucked reality ! 
It's kind of funny that you ask . We don't really have majors , it more like specific study or something like that . So if by majors you mean specific study , i'd probably have to say i'm quite intersted in neurosciences . How about you ? 
howdy 
Sometimes I pray , waiting , waiting for some bright holiday So I bought my self that gun . And i'm right back , right back where I'm from . 
That must have been the SHIT ! That must have been shitty . 
the mind works in mysterious ways ... 
sorry about that , i must've gotten a virus 
is currently searching for something that cannot be found ! 
I've been locked in my dorm for suspicious activity ! The bad thing is , they've locked me in here with no food ! G311 is where you can find me ! Hurry before its too LATE ! 
more than 12 hours and I still don't have any food ! thanks a lot hampshire ! 
has found himself addicted to the show Heroes and can't stop watching them ! 
I'm yo ' doctor , what you need ? Here's some coke , have some weed . 
All mixed up you don't know what to do . Next thing you turn around , and find the person is you . Thought a freak might be the thing , but the first could be the last . So just get off your ass . 
500 channels of a day-dream stimulation helps me to resent my life and raise my expectations . Locked into re-runs , your memories repeating , and all your ideals seem so self defeating . For you and yours , the pepsi generation , and when you're discontent , you change the T.V. station , And when you hate your life , no qualtities redeeming , a million brainwashed zombies will always be heard screaming . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and I are about to get reeeeeeeeeeal close . 
Well , seeing how obvious it was that you are my bitch , i chose not to simply call you my bitch , but simply imply that you are . Who am I kidding , i totally forgot we argued over bitchdome , and i believe it shall continue ! 
Why does facebook keep insisting that I order a bride through the mail ? 
For all my fans out there , just got some new pictures of a younger Nevin . Don't stare for too long , or I'll capture your soul . And for those who don't care about these pictures , stop lying to yourself . Damn , i need to get my work done ! 
Inspectah Gadget 
just farted . 
Just farted in < PROPFIRST>'s mouth 
The Psycho-Semantic Police ! 
But your head will collapse and there's nothing in it and you'll ask yourself ... 
I think its actually a nice picture ! 
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together 
Penis is red Balls are blue all this happened cause i loved you :-D 
I'm in a bit of a sticky wicket ! 
I got the newer manure ! 
the west is the best 
Shut your mouth before I fuck it ! 
Hopping from one Shire to the next Shire ! 
Tomorrow is the day Nevin turns over a new leaf ! 
Know your Body - Know your Mind - Know your Substance - Know your Source 
\Skepticism repeatedly sprouts spontaneously out of the dissapointments of everyday life . \"" 
PICNIC TIME FOR PUNX ' N ' SKINS THE PUNX ' N ' SKINS ARE OUT TO HAVE SOME FUN PICNIC TIME FOR PUNX ' N ' SKINS HAVING A LAUGH IN THE SUN 
Ppeople come up to me everyday and ask why i dress this way . They don't know what to say when I spit on them and walk away ! 
Thou shalt not bastardize the American language ! 
why/what am i here/doing ? 
Mama was < PROPFEMALE > of the Mambo . Papa was < PROPMALE > of the Kongo . Deep down in the jungle , I start banging my first bongo . Every monkey'd like to be in my place instead of me . Cause I'm the < PROPMALE > of Bongo baby I'm the < PROPMALE > of Bongo-bong . 
Time for the Three S's! 
Thank you all for all of your love ! 
Watching Will & Grace 
BASShead ! 
Fuck work ! Fuck taxes ! Fuck nat'l borders ! Well they just made that shit up to protect the status quo . And if ya slip up then they can fuck ya ! 
All we are is stardust . 
There's a difference between dreamin ' and visualizin ' . Which one are you doing ? 
The sail has been set . I'm off to New Hampshire for the summer ! ( in a few hours at the least ) 
Subway . Eat Flesh . 
Ain't nothin ' but a thang ... 
dub step . is there anything it can't do ? 
do what makes you happy , not for money or attention . 
the truth is you grow up and you die . so never give up and never ask why , don't bow your heads son look up to the sky . don't look for the truth ! ist right in front of your eyes ! 
you put the naughty in snotty ! 
whomp wububub whomp wubububububub whomp 
don't think this little part of NH will ever catch on to the concept of A/C 
I need a Tank Girl ... 
Still awake , but I'm in the dreamworld of < PROPFIRST > GoodKind . Can't seem to get him out of my head ! 
If I grow out my scumstache out a little more , and with my new smile ; I could be the poster child for scumbag ! 
Men Who Stare at Goats actually wasn't all that bad ! Infact , I think i enjoyed it . Though I'm not to sure how I really feel . 
What an eventful morning/afternoon ! I stayed up from 1:00 AM and started a paper titled Zen and the Way of the Samurai . Wrote ten pages while I was doing the research and finished up around 3:00 PM . Then I mowed my damn lawn for another two hours . I wish every Friday was like this . . . 
Shitty 
ride the walrus ! 
is not going back to school for a semester . 
fuck work . fuck taxes . fuck nat'l borders\ 
. 
Dude you're gettin ' a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Death to Hampshire ! 
butt dart 
is moving to CT this weekend . Hit him up on or before Saturday if ya wanna chill before he leaves ! 
Just moved to CT ! 
Watched all of the final chapter of Avatar : The Last Airbender . Now I feel my day can finally end ! Instead , I'll just wrap it up with some Futurama until about 4:00 AM . 
Wham ! Bam ! Thank you Ma'am! 
The Machine Girl . Watch it ! NOW ( esp . if ya got that netflix disk for the wii ) !!!!!!! 
yoga time 
fuck shit piss 
check out my dubstomp ! 
its friday , and i don't know anyone around here . lame . 
NEW WORLD ORDER ! THE GREATER GOOD ! THE COMMON PURPOSE ! NEW WORLD ORDER ! 
Step it pon the rastaman scene 
So get this ... I came back from Resident Evil : Afterlife in 3d and heard this music being played in the woods from my mom's who lives in east bumfuck CT . My instinct tells me to go to it and I do . I walk about a mile down the road and find a camp ground where the music gets louder . 
You know what is what , and you don't know what is what . You just strut . What da fuck . 
I had finally seen a sequel that had lived up to the expectations of the first one . Totally rad ! 
4.25 /60 
so .... cold ... 
Headin ' back to the fatherland for a dentist appt . right after lunch !!!! 
looks like i may be actually takin ' a full year off instead of 0.5 yr . not really sure how I feel . 
see me get raw with my southpaw style 
SUCKA DJ ! 
10.65 / 57.3 
“I’m not going to stop yelling because that would mean , I lost the fight ! ” \ 
\ 
-My man < PROPMALE > Powers 
your lips are moving but all is here is whomp whomp whomp whomp whomp 
I GOT A MO FUGGIN JOB ! 
just heard a black flag song on futurama . awesome ! 
i can't remember , benga is my problem 
If it smells like fish , have another dish ! 
just bought halo : reach ! clear my schedual ! 
how can you look me in the I and I and say that ? 
nagasaki nagasaki nagasaki nightmare 
Its better to burn out than to fade away ! 
what ever happened to the complimentary pack of rolling papers that comes with your purchase of Bali Shag rolling tobacco ? Damn you Belgium ! 
95 bucks and a bowl of beef stew . could life get any better ? 
Outside my window ... 
CHESSE N ' RICE 
Those who know don't speak . Those who speak don't know . 
in a world where every one is crazy , crazy is not crazy . so that must mean not crazy is crazy . i believe we live in such a world ! 
someone told me that i look like Sting . awesome ! 
Can youuuuuuuuu diggg it ? 
if you come across the Buddha on your path , you must kill him ! 
i can kick-flip over anything you can < PROPFIRST > 
All I have is my love for love . And love is not loving ! 
that boy needs therapy 
didn't know what time it was , the lights were low oh oh\ 
i leaned back on my radio oh oh oh\ 
some cat was layin ' down some rock'n'roll lotta soul , he said\ 
then the loud sound did seem to fade\ 
came back like a slow voice on a wave of phase\ 
that weren't no D.J. that was hazy cosmic jive 
p . fest tomorrow ! fuck yea ! gunna get tore up under the city lights ! 
time takes a cigarette , puts it in your mouth . you pull on your finger , then another finger , then your cigarette . the wall to wall is calling , it lingers then you forget . ooooo how how how you're a rock n ' roll suicide . 
all around the wooooorld statues crumble for me ... 
Anyone want to video chat ? Join my chatroom with 2 other people http://tinychat.com/kassyisamazing 
i would do anything to live in feudal japan as a follower of the Bushido code ! 
put out your beats pull out your cuts 
KLAP DAT BOOOOOOOOOOOOOTY ! 
808 this and an 808 that 
You are suffering a breakdown . Diagnosis , insanity . Nurse , schedule a robotomy for Bender ! 
Time is the best teacher ; unfortunately , it kills all its students . 
hmmm thanksgiving with family or boregore . decisions decisions . 
sun is shining , weather is sweet 
right view\ 
right intention\ 
right speech\ 
right action\ 
right livelihood\ 
right effort\ 
right mindfulness\ 
right concentration 
bitch , please 
you know that feelin when that huge ass dump you just took comes shooting back up in your ass , NO I'M NOT OKAY ! 
http://tinychat.com/0180q 
Facebook : What's on your mind ? Me : I'll tell you what's on my mind , facebook . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > René Frankel and she's the only one for me ! 
all dez bitchez wanna lyck muh ice creme ! 
Happy Spanksgivin ' . Line up , I'll be givin ' spankings all day long ! 
spent my first couple days in nyc alone for da first time . thats some crazy shit . 
How'd we get so lost ? Seems like in the human race ... the humans lost ! 
you've got to press it on you . you just think it that's what you do , baby . hold it down . DARE 
weak ... 
flyin ' on a 40 thats how i get down . you say your the < PROPMALE > but i'm wearin ' the crown . high on my thrown sniffin ' lines makin ' deals . got a chef in my kitchen cookin ' my last meal ! 
yo i'm sinnin ' and i'm grinnin , FUCK RELIGION ! fucked up gotta vision so listen : do what makes you happy not for money or attention 
word is bond . < PROPFIRST > bond . 
confusion , created by this grand illusion 
Here we go\ 
You know\ 
I got to give it to you , so\ 
Old School , straight back\ 
New School , take the front\ 
Flip it back to the other side , ' till you know\ 
Overload , then red lights , colour code\ 
I got to make it better , no ? 
i threw down the bottle and picked up the pipe . stuffed it full of goodies and i gave dat shit a light . i huffed and i puffed , good lord i smoked and i choked . i smokin ' for so long until my heart was nearly broke , because i couldn't get high . oh no ! 
one of dem sleepless nights . followed by a sleepy day . i guess i'm nocturnal . 
one spliff a day keep da evil away 
< PROPFEMALE > fuckmas gunna eat me some 55 dollar prime rib PEACE 
gotta love da binger snaps 
Some one save me for the New Year ! Help ! 
Need a way to NYC ! I got gas money and I'm in CT . Anybody ? Please ? I will also throw ya something for < PROPFEMALE > troubles ... 
Welcoming the New Year with < PROPFEMALE > René !!! YAY ! 
big bag o ' < PROPFEMALE > to help me get thru this nicotine addiction ! thanks mom and < PROPFIRST > ! 
http://rottunrecordings.com/subsonictour/ 
one splifff a day keeps da evil away 
i cannot wait for more snow 
you know the program , i'm the mother fuckin ' man 
missin ' New Hampshire . homelife is a drag , deadly like a plague , speshly on a fuckin ' Friday night . lookin like another long night of < PROPMALE > of the Hill , made it to season three !!! Now piss off ! 
got my windows back ! fuck you unbuntu ! 
like McGruff used to say , take a bite out of GRIME ! 
Why stand on a silent platform ? Fight the war , Fuck the Norm ! 
Six million ways to die , choose one ! 
I'm an alligator , I'm a mama-papa coming for you . I'm the space invader , I'll be a rock n ' rolling bitch for you . Keep your mouth shut , you're squawking like a pink monkey bird , And I'm busting up my brains for the words ! 
why is it that I get a kick outta saying things people don't really want to hear ? 
If I don't get a job by my birthday , I'm going to do something that would surprise everyone that really knows who I am ... 
I'm nocturnal like a wet dream ! 
you lost me at making sense 
yes i am leaving on a jet plane , don't know if I'll be back again . 
i think everyone should read \The Years of Rice and Salt\ " by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Robinson " 
Is it just me that utterly despises the acronym FTW ? First its WTF , now let's just reverse the lettering to piss Nevin off some more . I just don't understand ... 
i'm waving automatic guns at nuns 
je suis tres fatigue , mais je ne peux pas dormir . 
good boy samson 
i think i'm gunna make it to bed before 3am . its a miracle ! if you can't ever sleep just watch the machinist with christian bale . that shit will make you wanna sleep . and not in the sense that it is boring . more like that could be you if you don't sleep for a year ! 
YOU ARE AN ANIMAL ! 
ME WANT COOOOOOOOOKIE 
it's been a long road , so many souls sold\ 
living for possessions in a world of obsessions\ 
I heard she craves spirit , and the Gods crave matter\ 
that gave disaster and chaos the laughter 
\she's as raw as the wu-tang clan like it \"" 
cannot fuckin ' wait till saturday ! the hotel is booked , got my tickets , hanging out with a couple of my best homies and my gal ! NYC here we come !!! 
good morning USA 
we are all manipulators , some are just better than others 
< status update poking fun at overly broad status updates > 
i have fallen in love with BRITanica 
You guys here < PROPFEMALE > degeneres died ? \ 
... they found her face down in < PROPFEMALE > Lake 
so addicted to spartacus : blood and sand 
NYC here we come ! 
night with my baby & volume 5 of futurama on netflix ? life couldn't possibly get better ! 
what goes down must back-up 
real friends don't let their friends watch Glee 
just woke from my first lucid dream ! flying thru space and battleground of samurai ! sick !!! 
Headed to Keene tomorrow for the weekend ! Get at me if ya wanna chill ... 
On my way to Keene , hopefully travel won't be too bad ! 
anyone want a < PROPMALE > snowboard 151 i believe completre with bindings and < PROPMALE > boots size 9.5 ? 
i used to be fueled by hate and not care about my fellow mate . but now i see things with compassion . no longer time to sit , it's time for action . i have awoken a new man with a new plan . i will begin with myself then reach out to others . the time is now ! 
facebook on my xbox ? whats next ? 
Anyone seen Southland Tales ? Dats some funky shit ! 
what am i doing here ? i wanna go home 
bollocks 
Diagnosis : Insanity . Nurse , Schedual a robotomy for Bender ! 
someone should deff . pick me up 
the good the bad the weird 
in this world that we're livin ' in held together by gravity we are limited to what we smell or see touch or taste with my senses erased i can open up my face and contemplate space ! 
I WANT EVERYBODY IN THA HOUSE TO SAY : OOOOOOOHHH ! 
listen up world ! i'm in love with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen is lying , it's all a publicity stunt . He's an actor . Genius ! 
damn samson is such a bed hog 
chipotle hummus is the yummest 
