won my 1st muchkin game ever , and < PROPMALE > has never been angrier ! haha ! 

happy new years ! 
1st day of 2011 . I'm untire unsure of what's in store 
New Profile . Hoping to keep this a little on the dlow . Hi guys ! 
Good night all 
Yes ! Just been hired at Game Stop ! How awesome is that ! VIDEO GAMES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So anxious for tomorrow .... 
Today , at 2pm , I become part of the system once again ........ 
omg ..... harlequin character for assassins creed !!!! 
memorized a little more of HMS Pinafore than she thought .... yay ! 
intercourse with instruments ... this is what our conversations come down to 
Was glad for the chilly weather today 
rally to restore sanity and/or fear !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > from myth busters at rally !! Sweet !! 
Jets !!! * darth vader no !!! * oh , and happy halloween everyone ! 
Oh Halloween ... why must you be but once a year ? 
First day of work . Good day . Havent touched so many games in my life .... 
Wants to travel with The Doctor .. 
Happy Birthday to November people ! Yay you ! 
DOOM 64 : Absolution on pc : so beautiful .... it makes me want to weep like a baby 
Rehearsal went well . May consider taking Opera classes .. 
Quick break from performing .. going well , yay ! 
omg steak !! 
nom 
Another performance at 7:30 tonight ! Who do I see becoming a square ..... 
woo opera 
more opera !! next thurs mosarts requiem ! this makes life a little more enjoyable 
can't wait for the next Doctor Who chritsmas special !!!! hurry up !!!!!! 
last day of opera , yay . ready for requiem ! watching the three doctors 
WAS watching the three doctors ... damn you comcast !! 
a little sad that the opera is now over .. but now its time for requiem ! very much excited ! 
I love working in a video game store . Even if there isnt much else to do but talk games n_n .... \ 
Cant wait for this Thursday ! Hurray for REQUIEM !!!!! o_O O_o n_n 
my room is the coldest room in the house . two quilts . so cold ... sort of . why am I awake ?? 
Woo , Choir rehearsal tomorrow ! Also , what's with the scottish person in my head ? 
rehearsal break : 100x more in love with Requiem now !! 
photo shoot today ! whee !! n_n 
going to work on music , happy with some of the pics I saw , not ashamed my music doesn't have a large audience . I can hype myself up , but do I need to ? in its own way , it speaks for itself . never minded having listeners , but I shant be pompous 
miss collbing music wise 
Every morning it seems I want to wake up less and less .... hm . 
Hiccups .. this early in the morning ... 
trying to enjoy human contact while being annoyed with it is quite the task .. 
Fear Factory - Better listened to at night , driving . Quite the spacey feel 
WAY too many cookies last night ......... 8 constitutes as way to many , right ? It should .. 
I DONT LIKE COKE !!!!!! 
so much American Dad !! 
o/ ~ ............. was supposed to be a musical note .... can you kinda see it ? 
needs more minions ... 
peggle for 3+ hrs 
great start to Gamers ... mm's meh cover of eurythmics ... 
I hear creeping ...... 
Could have been a little brighter in my head 
don't listen to my song Everthing Comes out at Night with your eyes closed , I apparently maybe stab you 
BJ Beavers , Cade and < PROPMALE > are coming over ! woooooooo ! * burritto dance * 
needs to live where I can make more moneys and make more musics and go to a shit load of shows and have my world domination tea parties !! I am always recruiting for that , ladies and gents n_n 
Lady Paranioa ... I like this n_n 
correction : Paranoia ... its still good damnit ! 
Off to me dads 
happy thanksgiving everyone !!!!!!! 
lol , totally not amused , and shall not let a thing ruin as happy as I've been today , spending it with my closest family members . \Don't bring me dooooowwnn !!!! \"" 
today ... for the most part wasn't bad . gods my coworkers are suck slackers :p 
I like the sweet kind of girls who talk to you despite being a complete nerd/loser 
jeep has a call of duty black ops vehicle 
Psych is randomly an awesome show 
And Pushing Daisys 
Feels like playing some old school pokemon 
GIN 
Thought about making a little comic about a lesbian who is awkward around girls 
Fear Factory always makes me feel better 
Suppose I need to study up on the WoW Cataclysm expansion since I work on the release for it ...... * cries * 
omg jesus camp ... lol 
I need a recording studio ..... in my house .. 
How will today be .. 
Poor < PROPFIRST > Favre ... you're just too old now .... 
slow .... slow day .... 
Happy Birthday December peoples !!! 
went to got be social at ualr choir room .... sort of ... social with people I know .. 
just a little bit longer at work , then home , woo 
Tonight , choir rehearsal . Right now , getting pissed of at Google Search . Too long has it failed me ..... 
I hate having to write christmas lists . I dont ever know what I want ... 
Vahalla Rising - Watch it . 
Holy crap , just saw a full trailer for Thor !!!! I want Thor !!!!!!! 
Had a good day at work . Hopefully , tomorrow will go just as well n_n 
Is tired of sides being taken without stories being heard . Dont believe that makes a good freind .. 
Elder Scrolls V , biatches !! 
though they don't do it anymore , everyone should watch Morel Orel . 
random truth : I don't interact with people enough to figure out if I really like them . people make me too nervous . 
has an idea in mind for this particular song ..... shall rap influence the lyrics and their rhythm ? 
Finished a couple more songs , good start to the day n_n 
Best movie title ever : Suspicious River 
for everything I take joy in , you protest . Everything I love , you hate . Everything I fear , you indulge in . And the one thing I want to know is , why have you been here so long ? 
getting drunk , appartently adorable 
Woke up at 5:30 , no hangover . If there is one thing I like about myself , it's how quickly I recover from a night of drinking 
AHOY !! SO , I have converted a few of my songs to mp3 . I'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason . So , I will be sending people a disc of my little demo for ANYONE who wants one ! All you have to do is EMAIL me your HOME ADDRESS ( Wont be shared with anyone ! ) and I will happily send you a free demo !! \ 
Contact me for more Info ! 
Also , each demo will most likely include < PROPMALE > work , individual of each disc 
AHOY !! SO , I have converted a few of my songs to mp3 . I'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason . So , I will be sending people a disc of my little demo for ANYONE who wants one ! All you have to do is EMAIL me your HOME ADDRESS ( Wont be shared with anyone ! ) and I will happily send you a free demo !! Contact me for more Info ! Each demo will include < PROPMALE > work , individual of each disc , hand drawn by me 
AHOY !! SO , I have converted a few of my songs to mp3 . I'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason . So , I will be sending people a disc of my little demo for ANYONE who wants one ! All you have to do is EMAIL me your HOME ADDRESS ( Wont be shared with anyone ! ) and I will happily send you a free demo !! Contact ... me for more Info ! Each demo will include < PROPMALE > work , individual of each disc , hand drawn by me 
It's not often you come home to a boxer on your couch n_n At least he's sweet so far 
AHOY !! SO , I have converted a few of my songs to mp3 . I'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason . So , I will be sending people a disc of my little demo for ANYONE who wants one ! All you have to do is EMAIL me your HOME ADDRESS ( Wont be shared with anyone ! ) and I will happily send you a free demo !! Contact ...... me for more Info ! Each demo will include < PROPMALE > work , individual of each disc , hand drawn by me 
Wonders what happened to all the time in December . Just didnt seem to last long enough 
NOt looking forward to how busy work will be today :( I guess at least , I wont be bored . 
watching the lunar eclipse !!! 
TONIGHT !!!! Lunar eclipse !! MIDNIGT !!! Join me under the < PROPFEMALE > n_n 
but for now , soon to be off to work . 
okay .. upset its too cloudy to watch eclipse .... was totally looking forward to it . 
common sense , to me , dictates that if one does not have both sides of a story , one should remain silent before forming a semblance of logical opinion . untill then , mind your own damn business . 
got called into work on day off :( hope I still get to do shopping .. 
woo work : busy enough 
OH December - you disappeared to so fast , it is almost christmas .... what happened to all the time ? 
Hopes he finds another girls , stops acting like a bitter selfish child , and moves on with his life . 
cadaverific 
teamfourstar.com 
My Grandmothers going to be here today !! n_n 
Also ! < PROPFEMALE > Yule and xmas to everyone !!! 
hope everyone had a lovely xmas n_n 
woo !! 18 degrees farenheit this morning !! 
my sister is married n_n 
yay d&d game !! 
I don't know what to do for New Years < PROPFEMALE > ... 
\Life is only a dream in which we are an imagination of our selves \"" 
2011 ..... maybe its the good luck food .. 
spent most of my morning awake blowing my nose , I and I still can't breathe ... * pout * 
Some of the drawings I'll be posting may be some demo < PROPMALE > work some people get with thier cd's n_n 
I have a cello n_n 
More D&D !! More D&D !!! 
A week full of decay and illusion . I must steal away , to steel myself from this plague 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post . 
yay showers !! 
had a lovely time going to lunch with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > 
Though our D&D game is quite interesting , especially with our party , it is a pretty fun game , and am eager to further the story 
playing pokemon in the snow n_n 
Decorating the snow with Red 
had an awesome snow ball fight , pegging both < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ruthlessly ! mwahahahaha !! 
at least it snowed ... still , I will be sad to see it melt 
\ ..... Like someone broke up with Stalin .. \"" 
Suicide is painless :) 
HMS Pinafore : FRI 2pm and 7pm !!!! UALR/classical channel !! watch !! 
Onion soup 
happiness is a selfish act 
I realize that I seem insane n_n 
I think there's a slight correlation between The < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show and < PROPFEMALE > Autumn 
a virgo is a virgo , is a virgo , and evermore a virgo 
Exam - watch it 
how do other women feel , knowing that general evils in the world are ours to < PROPFEMALE > , according to man ? 
myspace.com/paranoiapam 
Has taken a step back , seen what she needs to see , and knows now what she doesnt have to wish she knew then 
www.myspace.com/paranoiapam 
wonders what kind of people will like them ..... 
feels a slow decay .. 
Is history repeating ?? Lets sit back and watch .. 
MY other identity is < PROPMALE > 
hooray ... 
its sleeting ... I wonder if it will freeze tonight 
\I didn't know my penis would detach from my body and kill people !! \"" 
INK - this must be watched 
Thoroughly enjoyed rehearsal today 
I have a hermit crab crawling around in my hood 
hermit crab is asleep in hoodie n_n 
alcohol : best first drink of the day .. 
Today .... Hm .. 
* sniffle * Blue and green dread : must have . Question is , do I want to make them myself , or pay for someone elses ... 
a bag of cheerios for a happy heart .. 
what truly defines a good person ? I know for certain it is not I 
Does it mean anything , necessarily , if your first boyfriend was/is pretty much a psychopath ? 
at least I'm not so far gone I play with my own feces ... 
needs to cut back on the foods .... :/ Meh .. 
why is it 65 and its still winter ..... yay headaches .. 
so far , dead space 2 is a sexy game 
I'm aware my pet peeves make me seem like a bitch . 
GAH !!! what's wrong with you I'd!!! ? why can't you make a DOOM game with a good story AND game play !!!!!!!!! stop making us DOOM people sad and make a worthy of our staggering fandom !!! rage better be good ... 
We only know we did this to ourselves 
sometimes we need to hear the truth . so I ask everyone I know to tell me one , stab you in the face thing about me you don't like . 
asteroid pooper ! wtf .. 
* sigh * hungry .. wondering if I'm still going to my dads :/ 
no dads today :/ 
happy birthday january people n_n 
blood oranges 
play epic dungeon . when you kill things it sounds like pillow fights n_n 
let us all hope for those who need it most today 
adventuring with my sister n_n 
correction : adventuring with my sister , Tofu n_n 
ooooooooooh ..... no sleep tonight .. :( 
tired of all these hoes , man .. 
icy patches on road . yay . let's be careful , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
happy place , happy place 
* bites off finger * \STOP HAVING SEX WITH MY WIFE !!!!! * " 
40 hours of no sleep and finally getting tired .... a little . 
who should ever have to be around someone who doesn't consider you a person , and likely won't treat one as such ? 
its snowing !!! yay !! 
is it normal to get excited everytime you hear Europe's \The Final Countdown \"?" 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > NEEDS to be 47 
... Where shadows walk on their own ... 
never been to flying saucer before ... 
just thinks its funny .. that's all .. 
happy birthday february people ! 
captain < PROPFEMALE > and thor !!!!!! 
so much subway today ... 
who wants to play in the snow ? n_n 
\I remixed a remix . it was back to normal \"" 
Need more Type O Negative in my life .. 
Yay Minecraft n_n 
:/ I refuse to be this hungry this early ... 
I wish there was a way to keep snow without it taking up room in te freezer :/ 
it is way to nice outside for just being snowed in a couple days ago . but who can complain n_n 
I want to harvest clouds 
curse those pk fire spammers .. 
so .... laptop charger fried ... no computer means no working on music until I get a new one :((((( 
Muffin Brigade 
good morning to all 
made french toast today n_n 
If you accomplish reaching a lvl where everone wants something from ou and its no longer about the music , you can either accept it and moving on ; realizing it won't change . or you can throw away your happiness just coz extra was asked of you and its not going our way . selfishness . sickness : very different 
to be humble : I think some forget that humility can get you farther than pretentiousness 
its final . I'm in love with Mozarts Requiem 
I would marry H . < PROPFIRST > Benjamen for his voice . awesome . 
for those who have decided they are better than every one else : have a nice day n_n . you'll need it 
its always disappointing when your favourite musicians turn out to be douches ... 
Glooming 
March 7th : Mozarts Requiem 7 pm 10$ !!! Robinsoin Centre !!! GO !!!!! you can never see aso and a choir for TEN dollars ! go ! see us !! you will enjoy it !!!!! 
There's a particular quote from the Joker that I feel sums up most of what's going on inside here ...... 
atleast I can say I'm not near pretty enough to have creepy people after me 
choir hag 
rain shortened park time :/ 
rtsp :/ / v7.cache6.c.youtube.com/CjgLENy73wIaLwn-wMMpdF5lZBMYESARFEIJbXYtZ29vZ2xlSARSB3Jlc3VsdHNgwPeWqYKG1fNLDA==/0/0/0/video.3gp 
25 new txts on my phone when I wake up ... not doing this .... 
burlesque .... NOT going to see the movie .... juit another can of worms 
wants to buy a set of dread falls in the near future ..... however , who do I buy from ? haven't figured out what style of dreads I want , but I know the colours n_n 
wonders if I will decide to sell the lastest set of cyber falls I'm making , all in all ? 
had my first cello lesson !!! now I must practice , practice , practice ! 
my social efforts are full of fail 
ingenuine in the eyes of others .. * shrug * 
typically , no one is to blame .... sometimes being social just drives me insane ... 
good morning 
March 7th : Mozarts Requiem 7 pm 10$ !!! Robinsoin Centre !!! GO !!!!! you can never see aso and a choir for TEN dollars ! go ! see us !! you will enjoy it !!!!! 
had a an awesome day today . will probably sleep as though dead tomorrow 
inadequate 
: the only consistancy in a life of inconsistancies 
correction : the only constant in a life of inconsistancies 
I want a room full of people dressed morbidly victorian , ballroom dancing to Lachrimosa dies < PROPFEMALE > 
ugh ..... welcome to allergy and cold season .... 
alone 
damned allergies !! why did ou have to pop up righty before requiem concert !!!!?!!!?? * cries * 
I think I feel proud of myself for Requiem tonight . despite having a cold/allergies , I sang my heart out , entirely in love with this piece . I feel sad its over , but happy nonetheless 
aaaaah .... rain day and pkmn white n_n 
bridge on cello back on . back to full on practicing n_n 
Hell is the smoking room of the universe 
What could CNN possibly want with E . A ..... 
is it really ignoring if you don't feel like talking to many people ? is it even really so bad ? 
\Let the ' Whoredom ' begin\ " * bows * " 
Took me a week to get to Victory Road . I like my team in White 
how quickly \friends\ " do turn .... " 
pokemon white , syfy , SGU , and cello : all I need today 
Wolves , is all they are .... run ...... run ...... they will never cease ... 
job interview tomorrow , hooray ! 
in the end , its your life : f ' em all ! 
I'm a bit yellow green but I'd rather be blue 
hope I get this job . I don't mind working 4am to 8am 
really want to post this drawing ... but a fractured hand may keep me from finishing it tonight ... 
As a norwegian , I remember all the < PROPFEMALE > run underground . happy st pattys day 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? I have < PROPFEMALE > Kt Toomer , Autumn Mikita , < PROPFIRST > Hawley , and < PROPFEMALE > Edelen .. 
barely a residency in ones own house . hmm .. 
destination truth in Ireland , searching for banshee ! join us ! 
out to look for a job again :/ 
can't wait for tonights full < PROPFEMALE > 
need to remember my pw for twitter . what a waste 
woke up to a beautiful day .. let's us hope it stays that way 
don't need to worry about theives breaking in when you have thieves living with you 
Still , a gorgeous day .. 
You know ? it really figures . >:/ 
looking over shoulders , wandering eyes , got to know their business ; disgusted , yet laughing 
its not always our fault they abandom us . when you step back and look it , they never thought we were human . 
Today is full of frowns .. 
just have to be better than everyone at everything , don't you ? 
I don't care what anyone says : I love < PROPFIRST > Bravo 
whoa ! you have a face ?? you mean , it wasn't your tits talking to me ?? 
today became terrorizingly < PROPFEMALE > .. 
since myspace is so dated , slow , lame and behind the times ( etc etc ) , any suggestions what better sites to share m music , oh people of the interwebs who know so much more than I ? 
its not a house , btw ... its a giant rest stop , and who knows why people live there , but they have a lot of food . 
I'm also delightfully insane 
THey call it P . S .... 
ParanoiaPam now has a music < PROPFEMALE > on here ! Hooray ! 
Oh Cello , I await the tougher finger callouses you will give me . They're already getting there , nor have I bent my little finger in strange ways in so long n_n 
a little cold this morning ... makes up your mind , weather ... 
just started Promise of the Witch < PROPMALE > and nearly half finished with it . oh Artemis and Jarlaxle - you are the best team ever 
I miss playing d&d :/ 
whole grain chips , promise of the witch < PROPMALE > and syfy n_n 
almost done ... 
Promise of the Witch < PROPMALE > was amazing . Artemis is officially my favourite character . now on to Road of the Patriarch n_n . happy reading ! 
was never one to settle well with others ... 
always feel like I've wasted my life 
you should be leading a parade of cowards and liars 
on a lighter note : good morning all n_n 
don't believe this hand will heal , if I keep accidentally smacking it agaisnt things ... >:( 
happy bday for people !!! 
The sky will fall , but I don't care 
I want to mix our blood and put it in the ground so you can never leave 
: the last thing you look forward to * smirk * 
a good cello practicing morning ! and ... its not raining 
Infliction : my deadly addiction , Destruction : my partner in crime 
D&D today ? n_n 
just isn't as up to par as others , now am I ? severely lacking in everything . 
definitely in a \hide and die in a hole\ " mood today " 
Better . 
can never have too man clothes ! need more ! its mandatory .. 
insanely massive , brain splitting headache :( 
in the process of annihilating people 
killed a man in my dreams , wrote a poem this morning . now reading before cello . I love being productive n_n 
happy birthday to people for april ! 
I mean May !!! Haha .... 
Hypocrisy - Fourth Dimension . will be playyed on my cello . 
all I can hear is morphine 
reveling in my imperfections 
wonder if my hand will actually heal :/ 
oh my gods ... we just blew a crater into a < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > the cleric is going to kill our rogue 
I don't know how I will go from chaotic neutral , to chaotic good in the party ... 
hooray awake to strange emails .. 
I have hiccups ... AGAIN .. that won't go away ! I hate hiccups ... 
no more Artemis Entreri , as I have just finished Road of the Patriarch . * sigh * a good ending and serves Jarlaxle right , in my opinion 
on to the 2nd book of the transitions trilogy : the pirate < PROPMALE > 
a potential job is in line : new and different , same building . all the same , I hope I am adequate enough to get said job . here's hoping ! 
interview on tuesday , woo ! 
have violently green eyes today .. must be the sun 
Please visit my ParanoiaPam < PROPFEMALE > ! On my phone so can't post link , but its on here !! Then go check out myspace.com/paranoiapam\ 
Spread the Disease 
my conscienceness ever high , and tonight I shed said foreboding burdens yet to come .. good fortunes , though few and far between , please continue to smile at me , for I know this is not all there is ... I will find it , grasp it , and keep it forever close 
its not friendship if they're trying to get up her skirt , yet the coveted title of friend is so casually thrown around .... I know you're faking it 
all night long dreams of killing people , including children ... perhaps I should not fall asleep on my back anymore .. 
its always a lovely happening when you get the opportunity to meet other hair falls enthusiasts n_n 
still had strange dreams , I think the thunder tempered them a little . very nice to wake to the rolls of thunder , and I'm enjoying how morning is hidden behind the clouds 
is made of terrible things 
I have little to no talent with anything . so .... what is it I'm trying to do with my life ? 
eating a giant turkey leg .. where's my sword so I may eat it off of there !! 
interview went really well . finished the assesment . let's hope I get this assistant managers position !! 
oh yeah !! and I found a bunch of kk hair that I have left over ! hooray ! 
so since software means people are tone deaf , I'm going to assume that all these years in choir mean nothing 
gorgeous day outside n_n 
I knew I should have chose another fireball spell , thought to myself as a young adult white stands in our path :/ 
needs to make an album dedicated to striped tights .. 
lovely morning , even with the slightl darker clouds , and the sun forcing us to see it behind them 
may make it another striped tights today .. someone should join me in this 
Paranoia Pams ' Striped Tight Seductresses 
now has a migraine ...... ugh !! 
I think I slept my massive headache away .. now to plan for cello practicing 
it doesn't matter everyone is ignored .. 
I have my revelations ; I improve . You are left behind to struggle 
I'm just really getting my hopes up , aren't I ? :( 
got the call from the dm . pretty friendly . I hope I get this !!!! but I am prepared if I dont 
I believe I've just been hired .... n_n 
COFFEEEEE !!! Why doesn't this starbucks card work at barns and < PROPMALE > T_T 
filled out paperwork ! woo ! 
now I'm just wondering where my tax return is , and why it is not in my hands ... 
who wants to be a part of the Striped Tights Seductresses : wear your tights with pride ! ( men can be included even if just with socks ) . Join me !! 
hooray morning .. 
saw a really pretty rat snake outside . unfortunately , had no place to keep it 
d&d tonight !! 
I miss my wintry grey skys but its really nice out 
some people are just so easy to get tired of ... 
quite a lovely day . feels like spring again 
after doing a bit of cleaning , is till have no idea where my pink striped tights are :( 
oh , < PROPFIRST > Clarkson , you are amazing 
things seem to be deterring me from going to ualr now .. doesn't seem worth it at all 
Twilight Zone !! 
woo ! start m new job monday ! hooray ! 
I lend no pity , and my mercy has been dead for years 
this weekend : isolation . could be a good thing 
has so little to offer . * shrug * 
OMG waaaay too nice outside 
one should not run off with anothers hat 
when did I start sleeping so much ? 
It's weird being in a conference call when you have no input because you haven't even had your first day at work yet ... 
and now bored .. 
I never wanted to sleep , but I can't stand being awake .. 
Today may end up being a better day 
Hm ... Not that I mean to sound as if I'm complaining .. I'm glad I'm getting plays on my music myspace , but no one is leaving feedback .. so I don't really know what people actually think about it . I guess I kind wish I knew what they thought . I like constructive critisism .. or opinions .. 
long , long night inside here 
anyone in my local area have a decent , old monitor they wouldn't mind giving away for free ? 
I can't blame that little girl for getting upset that someone she didn't know was touching her everywhere , even if it was someone that works at an airport . 
so .. in trying to add a few burn spots to this drawing , I nearly set myself and anyone around me on fire .. 
OMG I DONT WANT TO SLEEP but I have work in the morning 
there are some trashy people out there , in every meaning of the word . they may not know it , but I do and I hope they feel the conviction . don't play with people , because you're never brave enough to back yourself up 
< PROPFEMALE > is very < PROPFEMALE > tonight . gorgeous 
Now have a monitor ! One step closer to working on music again !! Yay !! 
sleepy ... a lot of my humor is wasted .. 
just got off work ! engraving is awesome ! I enjoy this job 
Why have I been having so many headaches ? 
I think I'm done trying to hold conversations . I know what they think , I'll have to find other people to chat with . 
And if you can read this , I haven't deleted you . 
found myy pink striped tights today !! 
please everyone be careful tonight . 
this lightning is beautiful , shooting up from the ground and branching out like a tree , enormous 
hooray hail ! 
Bwaha ! One more down ... let's see who's next 
enjoying this rain 
would be playing minecraft , and finishing my tower that goes higher than the clouds , but the storm has . knocked out our internet/cable . so I'm watching the lightning from inside -_- 
I'm awake now . going to play minecraft till work ... 
10$ for 2.69 gallons T_T 
I knoiw I have nothing to be depressed about , but I can't help but get depressed/angry/paranoid out of nowhere . but I guess since I refuse to get any help for things like this , I shouldn't let it drag me down for days on end .. 
\haven't youi realized it yet ? not a single person cares \"" 
wow , they're playing unicorn robot attack music at the mall .... lol 
it would be nice to actually have more than one or two friends who actually WANT to play d and d , and STICK with it , instead of bailing after three or four sessions . 
Don't be surprised if you don't hear from me for a while . Apathy , apathy , apathy .. 
why does he keep making saliva bubbles ? * shudder * ew .... 
New Dr. Who :D 
is feeling rather huge today ..... can I wake up and be 20lbs thinner ? 
Doesn't mind fading 
Mr. Muffins got a tape test 
another hellish night . be careful everyyone 
sounds like its right over our heads . yay hiding in the bathroom . atleasty I can say I've lived through one . I need to start a tally 
yay home 
I really want to say Thor is on my side . I don't want to assume , or look too much into anything , or whatnot . * shrug * is what it is , when you get down to it 
Maybe if I slept less , I wouldn't have crappy mornings . 
I'm giving up my gauges . all the prettier earrings are smaller . 
d and d time 
I only listen . there's little reason to talk 
and apparently ... I'm really creepy .. >:( 
thinks its really funny when people only like hanging with you .. when you don't say anything .. though the point of hanging out is having fun , chilling , and chatting . So while the conversation was also funny , the look of death I received equally cracked me up . 
Why is everyone surprised that the news is covering the < PROPMALE > wedding , instead of deaths caused by storms ? Has no one figured out how the news works ? They don't care . They'll put the craziest person they can find on there , and berate them because they can . That's not news . That's making fun of people . 
wheeee ... 
if you like good movies and haven't seen it ( and also like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Jones ) watch \In the Electric Mist . \ " . netflix has it n_n " 
I like watching roads .... 
LET'S SEE WHO TRULY READS MY STATUS : You and I wake up in a PSYCHIATRIC < PROPMALE > together . USING FOUR WORDS .. What would you say to me ? NOTE : IF you comment , YOU MUST COPY and PASTE this to YOUR STATUS ... So I may comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . 
here we go again : shady players ..... no d and d :( 
oh meh if I'm cranky ! 
aroma therapy is supposed to be good , right ? then why do I keep having dreams in which someone is trying to kill me ? 
I don't really want to sleep anymore . 
Thor be killing giants 
I kind of wish it was still thundering . 
its a very disappointing day today . more so for some , but nonetheless ...... 
Sleep Paralysis 
What if I'm just indifferent ? 
I didn't wake up with the intentions oif felling sick ..... 
was somewhat stressful today . but its all cool , and its almost time to close ! yay !! 
Next monday is the season finale of Stargate Universe :( 
finally < PROPFEMALE > outside 
HMS Pinafore is randomly in my head . now I need a boat 
yay dnd tonight !! something to look forward to after work n_n 
hooray . first customer of the day and she's an utter bitch . surprise surprise . 
so glad we finally played dnd last night . now off to work 
slow day .. I don't even really have to be here , but hey . money 
I'm always amused when I get to chat with friends , and I mean sit down and have lovely conversations , or vent to each other . as foreign as it ends up feeling to me , its a nice feeling and makes me smile 
holy f'in crap .. stressful morning 
OoTS !!! 
tired of people not thinking I'm a genuine person . 
Short of killing me , there's nothing you could do to me that I haven't already been through . 
today has been a weird day .. 
I'm not looking forward to this weekend at all :/ 
ugh ... I guess I'm prepared for a busy weekend . but I don't want to be . 
I don't want to jinx it ..... but ...... I thought we'd be busier .. 
LMFAO Cade rolled his dice into my cup . now I have to drink it out of there . 
One of these days I'll get better at Magic . 
\I woke up alive by mistake ... \"" 
LMFAO .... 
I am on a HUGE aggrotech kick right now . I love you Dioxyde 
disappearing into the interwebs 
if I wasn't at work , Gauntlgrym would have made me cry . 
today is just one of those days ..... nothing really went right 
\ ... This pain won't cease until you die .... \"" 
\What is this pain I feel all over my body ? \ " She whimpered . \ 
wow ... someone literally moved away from me when I sat in a seat one over by them ... yes . I'm that bad a person . 
Today was crazy . It's okay . Next time I'll come at my customers with vengeance . 
I have a last.fm add me if you would like . 
I need to stop sleeping so much ... 
If I start choking on air .. or whatever , don't save me . Just let me fall the floor . 
woo ! doing my first sealed at Imagine ! 
had fun doing sealed even though I didn't win ! yay losing experience ! 
