Enjoying a day off . 

True Blood was so awesome , can hardley wait till next week . 
Wow what a long day . Started at 6:30 am and didn't leave work till way late . However things are starting to make sense . 
Yeah it's Friday ... Oh wait I still will be working on Saturday . 
What a great night of TV . HBO's True Blood followed by Entourage . 
Is wondering why some people can’t see themselves for who they are . Maybe they should seek professional help . 
Just got home from Phoenix 
Why I'm still awake ? 
Off to try and sleep , wow this is early for me . 
playing online poker 
what a great work out , just got to keep it up . 
Hanging out with my dad in Alabama . Enjoying seeing the lake again . Also thinking of the morning eight years ago . A day that change all of us . My thought are with all my friends and all those who stand up to keep us safe . 
Just got back up to the lake house from the Auburn game , what a game AU 49 Mississippi state 24 . War Damn Eagle ! 
Looking out over the lake while the rain pours from the sky . Well so much for heading to the golf course today . 
Getting ready to head to Atlanta < PROPFEMALE > for the rest of the day . 
Back at the lake house chillin hoping for a good lighting storm tonight . 
Headed to Alt airport to fly home . Should be back in the puget sound by mid night . Damn what a long day of traveling , but had a great week with my dad , even if the weather sucked part of the time . Looking forward to coming back soon and seeing what my dad has done to the lake house . 
I'm back home . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BC0B7bQf12Q 
Enjoying an evening with my youngest son , who is visting for the weekend so he can do his laungry and raid my Frig . 
How about The Auburn Tigers 5-0 . WAR DAMN EAGLE 
Let's see how honest FB friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can be only one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave ... one word about you . This should be interesting . Keep it going ... ( 
See ya in a week , off to the airport to find some sun in Cabo . 
Last full day in Cabo . It is so hot here , DAMN WE LOVE IT !!! 
Thanks to all who have answered the call to serve our great country . Without each and every one of you we would not have our way of life . 
Hanging out at home wishing for warm weather . 
I'm so full after eating at IN AND OUT Burger . Help me , but it was so good . 
What a great two days of sunshine in El Centro CA , hanging out next to the the El Centro NAS runway while Navy F-18s went screaming by . Nothing like the sound and feel of the jets power up and blasting by you less than 15 feet away . Damn life is good !!! 
Wanting for my younger son to fly in from PHX to spend Thanksgiving with us . I just hope we got a big enought turkey . 
Happy thanksgiving to all my family and friends please be safe and enjoy all the food . A special thanks to all the men and women who are protecting our freedoms each and every day . My thoughts are with you . 
Did someone say football , how about them Cowboys ... 
I'm still really full from a great dinner made by my wonderful wife . 
Time for bed ... looking forward to Auburn kicking Alabama's ass in the Iron Bowl . 
Damn Auburn Tigers ... We need a defense and a quarter back . 
Getting my rear kicked in Maddon 2010 football by my son ... he doesn't play far . 
Back in Alabama with my dad for a few days . 
Enjoying a day of sunshine . 
Wow I now have a child that is 21 . Really I don't feel that I'm old enough for that to be . Happy birthday Matthaw < PROPFIRST > Sweeten , I'm so Proud of you . 
Just other day filled with rain ... Oh Yeah 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes , today is the first day since we got to Jamaica that I have even seen a computer . We are a bit busy enjoying all the sun . Talk to eveyone soon , but for now it's time for a beach party .... Dinner on the sand . 
What a great day here in Jamaica , just in the room for a few to change and head out to have more fun . 
Got to the love sun , thinking all our friends who are in the rain ... best warm wishes from Jamaica ... 
Back home ... so much for the Sunshine , but what a great trip . 
Is it the weekend yet ? I'm so ready to kick back and have a great time . 
Hey another trip to SOCAL to take pics of the Navy Jets ... With any luck the Blue Angles will do their practice over the airfield on Monday . Either way it will be < PROPFEMALE > and warm . 
Well made it to the SAN airport only to find out that Alaska Airlines was arriving late , not sure why I thought it would be on time . After all it is Alaska Airlines I'm flying on . 
The Hurt Locker WOW !!! Substance over the money machine . 
Another weekend gone ... 
Time for bed , what a long day . 
What a long week . I'm so happy to have a day at home tomorrow . Let it rain ... 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland in 3D IMAX , < PROPFIRST > Depp is great , But Mia Wasikowska makes the movie . 
Big Bang Theory ... Dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > ... now thats funny as ( well you know ) 
Starting the day off feeling a bit old , I now have two sons in their 20's . Happy birthday < PROPMALE > . 
Well it's spring break time ... No teaching till next week . YEAH 
Oh wow there should be a law about writing a syllabus when a should be kicking back and relaxing . 1 1/2 more then I will forget school for a few days . YEAH 
The WVU UW game makes me want to marry someone from WV ... O wait I did 14 years ago . 
Today 14 years ago I was blessed to to standing on a warm < PROPFEMALE > beach in Negril Jamaica with a beautiful lady Saying I do . Happy anniversary Sweetheart . I love You !!! 
Headed to PDX to < PROPFEMALE > out with a group of friends . 
Wow What a night in PDX the town may never be the same . 
Is it the weekend yet ? I survived the trip PDX last weekend so I guess it's time to do it in or around Seattle . 
Okay the weekend is here ... and I have a new tattoo . 
Gotta love the warm sunshine on the Big Island ... Hawaii is such a great getr away . Will post lava flow photos later tonight . 
Okay Time to head back out ... time to catch a helicopter flight over the lava fields and crater . Later this evening we will be out on a boat watching the lava flow into the sea . 
What a great day Saturday was , first we got to see a Volcano from the air , then we went out on a speed boat in rough seas to see the lava entering the sea . Today we are going to hike the Volcano national park here in Hawaii . 
Time to get ready to head to the airport to fly back to Seattle , We will try and tow the sunshine back with us . 
Back in Seattle wher the weather can't seem to make up it's mind ... < PROPFEMALE > no , Rain no , Snow no , and so on . 
Love my new HTC evo phone 
Is it time yet ? I can feel the heat already . Let's get going ...... 
A little more than 135 hours till the gates open . 
110.5 hours till , is everyone ready ? 
102 hours and yes I'm counting down . 
Update on time till Burning Man tomorrow . 
Coming up on 84 hours till the start of Burning Man . 
Okay hair cut time , I'm thinking really short for burning man . 
I bit more than 59 hours and the gates open . I'm so ready to start the drive , that's in 50 hours . 
I'm getting so excited , Lets go allredy . 
Less than 41 hours till the gates open , the packing has begun for the road trip . 
Well I'm not sure how many hours are left because My mind is already there . 
What a great burn , ready for next years . let the count down begin . 
we have so many new friends . Everyone at burning man was so great , why can't we all live that way every day ? 
Time to start the cleaning process ... 
Bassnectar in Vancouver BC 12/03 Gossip Nightclub 
Waiting on one person so I can get started working . I guess sitting in the parking lot of the studio and getting paid is not all bad . 
Two days till SeaCompression looking forward to feeling like home for a night . 
Yeah it's Saturday just a few more hours till SeaComp 
Okay Just a quick note to my friend < PROPFEMALE > who thinks that I unfriended her . What a great Hallloween party really great to see so many friends . 
Thanks to all the veterans those who have served and those who are still serving , because of each of you we can all enjoy our freedom . 
Flying home from phoenix , raining here and snow at home . Something seems out of wack . 
Flying out of seattle about 10000 feet now and on the way to DFW where its warm 
Okay time to drink and watch a movie on my way to see family 
I feel as though I'm always flying so where . 
Hanging out with my nephews playing PS3 soccer . I'm so bad at this . 
Watching all the food being made and thinking I will be in the gym for months trying to lose all the extra wieght . 
Really nice day great food , family and a nap . 
Wanting to watch Auburn continue there great season . WAR CAM EAGLE !!!! 
i did not send this out !!!!! 
Headed north with sugar , rotten and roo to see bassnetcar in vancover bc 
Hanging out in the warm weather of sugar land tx . Lunch with my son < PROPMALE > then meeting up with my other son < PROPFIRST > . What a great day . 
Time for some sleep after a really nice day with my sons . 
It's Duck Season ... Time for a little roasted Duck . 
Way to go Tigers !!!!!! \ 
War EAgle 
I wish I was home in Alabama enjoying the PARTY . WAR DAM EAGLE 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower ..., armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . Will you ? 
Okay the count down is on !!! Jamaica is within my sights . 
So the fact that I hve been told to shut up I will be posting each day the number of days then hours till I board the plane for the warm sunshine of Jamaica . 6 Days to go . 
Today is my oldest birthday , 22 years ago I was blessed with a beautiful boy . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Sweeten . 
I have decided to count down the hours instead of days . as of now we have 104 hours and 20 < PROPFEMALE > till take off from Seatac airport , and days like this in Washington make it a really wonderful thought that we and getting away from the rain for a bit . 
96 hours to go , can almost feel the sand between my toes . 
73 hours and 15 minutes can you feel that warm 80 degree sun on your face 
48 hours and 35 minutes Can you hear yhe sounds of the waves on the beach 
The Sun , The Sand , The Ocean and the slow paced life of Jamaica awaits me it just 25 hours 43 minutes 
Got my tickets to Burning Man today and I'm leaving for Jamaica in 6 hours and 15 minutes 
At seatac airport having my first of many beer , see everyone when we hey home . 
We finally got our internet working here in Jamaica . The weather so so wonderful , looking forward to the rest of trip . Thanks for all the birthday wishes . Will post pics soon . 
Great Sun set tonight .... Time to get ready for night and a night full of partying . Half the crowd goes home tomorrow and later in the day the resort fill back up . Going to be epic tonight . 
Just got through customs in Alatana , be back in Seattle late tonight . Planning to spending Sunday recovering from a great trip . My liver needs a few days off . 
Back in the Seattle area , ready for really good sleep . 
My wife just told me not to get squirreled . 
Having a blast in the studio today with my students ... we are painting with light . 
