a- physics honors < PROPFEMALE > b- Sudy monday tong , tues- thurs-physics , wed-friday-gym/reinke C-short fiction durand d/h-advac/trig fitzsimmons I-acct2 parrone E-lunch j-acct2 parrone f- intro pysc < PROPMALE > g-BCA perrone 

I got accepted into uconn !!! Wooooooo !!!!! 
How do some not know who aquaman are idk kinda sad ..... 
Everyone wear green tomorrow . 
Victotria secret magazine + four year old borther = not a gay baby bro :D hahaha 
School tomorrow .... ughh .... fun ... 
I'm so sparkallyyyyy la la la 
all it takes is time and < PROPFEMALE > 
tired of it all 
always a friend . And that's all I'll ever be . 
its so unfair 
jizzed my pants again 
LAST FREAKING WEEEEKKKK !!!! 
ON WAY TO FLORIDA !!! WOOOOOOOO !!!!!! 
justynes party was BEAST !! 
well stuck on the high way car died while coming back from beach woot . now waiting for help ha ! 
im tired from sea world but it was a blast 
last night was alot of fun with family and friends . saw cousins i haven't seen in years . damn i miss all the family down here ... too bad im leaveing that blows 
on my way home on the train woooot !!! 
just lost power now its back woot ! 
Was just informed !!! IMPORTANT : the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite cartoon character thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles , because if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them . It was currently on the program Internet frauds and will ... apparently be on tv some time tonight , put this as your status to warn people and change your profile pictures back , thank you ! 
finally got my car ! 
fuckin snow could die in hell and make a nice jacuzzi for Satan 
post this as your status and see what people want from you , inbox only (; 1 ) your number 2 ) second < PROPMALE > 3 ) < PROPFEMALE > out 4 ) kiss\ 
5 ) friendship 6 ) to chill 7 ) to cuddle 8 ) long term relationship 9 ) a good laugh 10 ) an apology 11 ) a hug 12 ) be my best friend 13)just love 
Holy shit ... 
snow really ... 
now it can breath ! 
