< PROPFEMALE > + crevices = <3 

VBS starts next monday <3 Hooray for trying to keep pre-school children under control ! :D ha ha kidding . They aren't that bad , and besides I love working with that age group , so I'm sure it'll go fine :) 
Today ( saturday ) is my last full day at home . Tomorrow at 6:45 am the bus for Camp Oswegotchie leaves , and I should be home by 3pm on Friday . I've never been there before , but I've heard good things about it , so I'm all hyped up now =p Hooray for FFA cam 
I ? Camp Oswegotchie , but I'm so glad to be home . 
My new rabbit should be arriving the second week in September !! =D And this one will really be mine , not the school's . 
Does anyone have any name suggestions for the new rabbit ? She's fully gray , is a mini-rex ( meaning she'll never get very big ) , and has a calm temperment . 
Amethyst arrived here today <3 Besides being abit skittish and trying to get accustomed to her new surrondings , she's doing rather well . Once she gets settled in and becomes used to us enough , I plan to begin training her . But I'm not going to rush her . She's only about 3 months old . 
So < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I went to Urbandictionary.com just as you did and typed in my name and this is one of the things that showed up . 
Have you ever felt before that something was meant to happen and after praying about it you felt more certain than ever , but then in an instant , something happens to change your viewpoint completely ? Well , I experienced one of those moments a few minutes ago and now I don't know what to do .. 
why does life have to be so messed up ?.. How do I fill out the parent section on a FAFSA form when my parents aren't legally seperated , but haven't lived together in 15 years ? and there's no spot on there to explain but I don't want to get into trouble . 
I finally figured out what to do about the financial aid forms . Thank you very much to those of you who helped me , I really do appreciate that . 
I really need to get myself into gear and finish writing my speech tomorrow for the CDE on wednesday , but I don't seem to have the energy =/ At least I got the reserach portion done , so the writing shouldn't take too long for me . 
So the Mehlenbacher Speaking Contest ended about an hour ago , and I've been stressing about this for days .. practicing whenever I could , having teachers check my grammar , editing , then practicing again . And finally ... I won first place ! :) Congratulations to everyone who participated today . You guys were amazing :) 
I'm really glad that I don't have tragomaschalia , and I'm sure < PROPFEMALE > Lennon-Melanie , < PROPFIRST > Campbell , < PROPMALE > Campbell , and < PROPFIRST > Moyer agree . 
I know I shouldn't say this , but I wish this day would end soon .. 
< PROPFEMALE > will be here in less than 2 hours =D Gosh I'm excited lol 
Well , my ability to talk or make noise of any kind is now gone .. temporarily of course . But on the bright side , prom last night and this morning at church were awesome =) 
My voice is coming back slowely , but no spectrum rehearsal for me tonight ( I can talk now abit , but my singing voice is still gone =( ) But at least school went well today . 
Dad's home from the hospital now . The surgery went well and he's glad to be away from the beeping machinary . 
Today wasn't a good day ... but hopefully the rest of the week will be better . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s coming over to spend the night and then we're heading to the Dogwood Festival tomorrow =D 
Hey guys , if you have my brother ( < PROPMALE > Campbell ) added on facebook or see him later today , Wish him a Happy 16th Birthday please , if you don't mind =) I'd really appreciate it . 
There are now not one , but two members of the Campbell household who recieved their permits today . 
Wow ... I just looked out the window at how hard it's raining , and the first thing that popped into my head was the song \It's raining Men \"." 
One day left of my senior year . Last school day EVER is monday . Gosh .. I can't believe it's almost over .. 
well I FINALLY have prom pictures up :) Sorry for the delay . I only have two , although I owe < PROPMALE > thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for having them on her < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! =D 
Well today was my last day of school .. =( have a ton of stuff to do before graduation and I still have to write my speech ( yes , I am procrastinating ) . 
So , not only did I get my motivation for my speech , but it's all written in my head now :) And < PROPFEMALE > , you were right . Once I got in the zone ( need to tell you the story of how I thought up this speech =p the motivation is odder than the other one lol ) everything else just came together . 
So who really knows everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ... This might be interesting . \ 
( p.s : I don't expect everyone to respond to this , I just thought it'd be interesting to see who does respond . so if you'd rather not , it's okay , don't worry about it ) 
Frustrated ... I guess I'll type up my speech now . hopefully that'll help me feel better , but I don't think so . 
Not only is my speech completed and turned it , but it was approved and I don't have to change anything !! =D Also , I got my first solo part ( really nervous about that yet also excited ) for a concert we're putting on next tuesday . It starts out as a solo , then changes to a duet with the super-talented < PROPMALE > grove . 
24 hours until graduation . 
I must admit , graduation was long , but the moment of relief once my speech was done and the standing ovation afterward , was the greatest moment of my life .. 
Well I now have a cellphone , a working one . although I can make vorizon-only texts and calls . I'm getting my laptop tomorrow ( yay ! =D ) but most likely won't have the internet on it until I get to college =/ 
I'm safely in my dorm on campus , but I have no landline phone so if anyone would like to contact me , ask for my yahoo name , email address , or cellphone number if you're verizon . 
To those of you from Letchworth who went back to school today , I hope your first day went well and good luck with the rest of the school year ! =) 
Worried about step team tryouts this week =( I badly want to get in , but I don't think I'll be able to learn the moves quick enough . 
Wow .. Who would have seen the day that I would become hyper not from sugar or caffeine , but from listening to Basshunter ? 
It's too early in the day to be doing geneology =( Had to trace back our family tree through voice messages , then made my own family trees in microsoft word by inserting rectangles one by one , but it took waaaay too long . 
Talk about a long day .. 
Wow .. someone just let out a blood curdling scream in the parking lot ( ends up they were just goofing around with friends ) and it gave me a < PROPMALE > chill plus nearly scared me straight out of my seat lol 
Lets\ 
see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend \ 
list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not \ 
only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my \ 
friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & \ 
friendship 
Guess who's coming back to Gainesville this weekend ? =D 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 : What I've learned about you while looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 : What color you remind me of . 3 : My first memory of you . 4 : What animal you remind me of .... 5 : Ask you something I've always wondered about you . 6 : My favorite thing about you . 7 : Give you a weird nickname . 8 : What's on my shirt right now . 9 : Challenge you to post this as your status 
Hey , I'm sorry to publicize this , but I'm writing a narrative ( story ) for a class and I have most of it done now , but I'd like a few people to proof-read it please =/ I think I know what direction I want to take it in , but want some outside opinions about whether things flow together well so far or not . If interested , message me or comment please . 
So .. I was feeling hungry and took a few small pieces of jerky out of an opened yet sealed bag , popped them into my mouth , and didn't realize until I started to swallow that all of the jerky in the bag was covered completely in white mold . There wasn't even a spot that looked like jerky should look like . 
\We lose our way 
\Do you really wanna know me\ 
Going home tonight :) 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!! =D God bless you all and to those who don't celebrate thanksgiving , I hope you'll have a wonderful day :) 
Dear Webadvisor , \ 
\ 
Well we've had our good times and our bad , but you came through for me in the end . Thanks . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Message me a number , 1-500 , and I'll tell you what I think of you in my status -- this could get ugly ... can you handle the truth ? \ 
haha stole this from Will =p 
#13 : We have known eachother litteraly since birth ( 19th anniversary coming up in a few weeks ) and have gone from dating , to best friends , to siblings in the course of the last 5 years . Although we've had our up days and our down , words can't describe how much you mean to me . So with that in mind I must say , \Bi Lusr \"." 
#4 : I must say , you have the most awesome laugh I've ever heard . Times spent together at bible club and camp are memories that I < PROPFEMALE > . You are a remarkable woman and a wonderful mother and I regret that we don't talk as much as we used to =( 
#56 Our relationship is a slightly complicated one , but I'm so thankful to have you in my life . Long ago I feared you , but now I love you more than I can say . You have such a caring heart and I thank God everyday for the woman that you are . Never give up hope . 
#7 : You always manage to make me smile inside , even if I'm not smiling openly and you have such a positive , upbeat attitude . Thank you for all of your help and encouragement . 
I can't put into words how good it feels to finally have come to terms with the past . 
#21 : I have so much respect for you , as my sister in general and because you know what you want , and you stick by what you believe . You were there for me in the good times and the bad especially in these past 4 months . I love you and I only wish I could be as strong as you are . 
#80 : For having only met you a few months ago , you've already become an important part of my life . There are so many things about you that you claim I don't know , and maybe I don't know them specifically , but there is nothing that could make you any less special to me than you are . You tug my heartstrings more often than most people do , but for that I thank you , because at the same time you've helped me live again . 
#31 : It's hard for me to describe you . On the one hand , you're a great friend and it makes me glad to hear from you , but on the other hand you lead me on for awhile and don't always take no for an answer . 
#72 : How can I describe you accurately when there are so many things I could say ? You are wonderful beyond compare . You always make me smile , always make me life , and seeing your name on my updates always makes me happy :) You are like another brother that I was meant to have , but by some mistake didn't end up biologically . I'm thankful for who you are , and I love you bunches :) <3 
#99 : You my friend , are the boss . We may have met years ago in a bizarre way , but you made such an impact on my life when I needed you most . Thank you for listening to me rant all those times and for picking up the pieces after every heartbreak . 
I don't know how , but I managed to get a 3.769 gpa :) 
I find it strange how something as little as an earache can hurt you so much . 
I think I have * finally * concocted something too spicy for even me to eat ... 
\So turn around you're not too far\ 
??????????????? ?? ? ?? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing sister , put this as your status ? \ 
I'm one of the lucky ones ; I don't have one amazing sister , I have several :) 
\Show me what's it like \ 
< PROPFIRST > Moyer <3 Thanks for making my morning just a little brighter :) 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you please post it for 1 hour ? There are too many to mention who fought and are fighting . I hope to see this in the status of all my ... friends . \ 
~ I am posting this for my grandpa , and my aunt < PROPFEMALE > in particular ! ~ 
\If I lost it all 
