Spent two hours in a 35 degree meat room and joyfully clocked out only to find that it was also 35 degrees outside . 

night classes : the new masochism . 
Always kinda weird when your Mom starts making friends with your friends ... 
All Bs . Better than a sharp stick in the eye . 
Is excited to meet her nephew . 
Trophy wife-rejects and coworkers with PMS , my day is complete . 
Tired , dirty , sore , feet hurt , bruised , and burned , yet happy because I have a job . Gotta love this recession , eh ? 
Yay ! I can start planning my wedding ! 
I'm going to write a dime-store vamp-romance about a guy named < PROPFIRST > , who sneezes inappropriately , and drives a pinto . 
Ahem . Chapter One . It was a dark night , bright with shiny stars , when all of a sudden < PROPFIRST > , hopped over the counter and ran towards the Fudmart's entrance . Throwing open the door , he howled dramatically into the night , \Don't touch the Pinto ! \"" 
Thinks her anniversary yesterday was wicked awesome . 
My Dad is awesome . This tire-changing business confounds , but he hops right to it . 
W-O-R-K the worst four letter word of them all ... 
< PROPFEMALE > presents ... Ways to Torture your Coworkers at Work\ 
1 . ) Talk incessantly about those thirty five thousand cute things your niece did last weekend . \ 
2 . ) Talk incessantly about your impending wedding . \ 
3 . ) Hum the < PROPFEMALE > Wars theme sing while making chicken salad . For three hours straight . \ 
Mmmwahahahahaahaha , feel the evil . 
Hates . Doing . Laundry . Loves . Taking . Bubblebath . 
Heb forced me to eat a pound of cheese today . Proof that they never run out of inventive ways to torment . 
I couldn't make this up if I tried . I was in training today and someone asked why they only use female cows for the cheese . I simply explained that it is really dificult to milk the male ones . Ah , some people's kids . 
So , I was all like upset that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > never responded to my message about cockroach chimeras being impossible to kill and how you could take out a Leviathan with a harpoon gun , when all of a sudden I realize in a bizarre turn of FB events ... \ 
The message never got sent . Stupid computer . So , long story short . I will be calling that hitman to cancel . 
I love you day off . I love you thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis much ! 
People who think they know everything are really annoying to those of us who actually do . 
Just thrilled to have driven across town to work a three and a half hour shift . I love you too , HEB . 
Feels like somebody ripped my eyeballs out of my head , stuck them in a deep fryer , then rammed them back in . 
Thinks that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > should quit complaining and count themselves lucky . 
Pizza , fajitas , hot dogs , chili dogs , doughnuts , cookies , ... What's next HEB , mozzarella sticks covered in chococate sauce ? 
Has officially been forced to dance ... \ 
By a two-year old task master . 
Has discovered she can't stand people who blame their inability to work on insufficient coffee intake . < PROPMALE > up , whiner . 
Came up with about a million genius status updates at work . Now she's home she can't think of any of them . \ 
Hum de dum . I'm sure it will come to me at 3am . Oh , well , I guess I should have written them down . 
I had a great day at work today ! So I apologize in advance should any sightings of men on horseback shouting something like \A bushel of barley for a half-farthing ! \ " occur . " 
No matter where I am in life , no matter what I look like , no matter if it's five am or five pm , whether the sun is shining or hidden behind a cloud , whether the weather be warm or cold ... \ 
There will be a creepy guy in the Produce section of HEB who CANNOT take a frickin ' hint . 
Is confident < PROPFEMALE > Smith will make the right decision . * cracks knuckles menacingly * 
5 things you lovely people have missed this past week that I have not had internet access . \ 
1 . ) At 2am I can put my hair in a perfect pony tail in complete darkness . 
Internet is sketchy , I am posting in pieces . \ 
2 . ) I cut my thumb down to the bone , put a band aid on it and kept working . 
3 . ) I have awesome friends . 
4 . ) Dear HEB , when your employees are shakins , passing out , and vomiting , it is too much over-time . 
5 . ) I pressed the fore-mentioned thumb against the steering wheel of my car the entire ride home to stay awake . \ 
\ 
But by all means , keep telling me how hard it is to stay home with a baby all day . I am ALL EARS . ;) 
Rides the night sky on a storm cloud made of Unicorn farts . < PROPFEMALE > , if you steal that one , I will kill you . It is literary gold . 
Off to school , to make my mind do something other than trained monkey work . 
Economics made me sleeeeepy . 
My brain meat is FRIED ! Fried ! 
First A of the semester and it's in Chemistry ... 
After an experiment with Texas State's benches , it is confirmed that I can , in fact , sleep anywhere . 
Nothing seems real right now . 
Feels like a zombie . Only without that whole brain eating thing . 
Kinda hard to act like you didn't do a school project at the last minute when your hands are covered in spray paint . 
Running after a bus with a backpack and a purse is haaaard . 
Why do asshole drivers signal AFTER they cut you off ? Do they think it negates their bad driving somehow ? 
Got pulled over on account of my licence plate had flipped down . They thought I was driving without a licence plate . Seriously ? Wimberly , you need a mall . Or at least a good donut place . 
How the hell does < PROPFIRST > Hannity fit in < PROPFEMALE > O'donnell's back pocket ? Or maybe or pocket is man-sized ? Not that < PROPFIRST > Hannity is a man or anything ... \ 
P.S. Message to Republicans I've friended who are offended by my post : Grow a sense of humor . 
So a pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging out of his pants . \ 
The bartendar asks him , \Sir ? Did you know you have a steering wheel hanging out of your pants ? \ " \ 
But I don't WANNA write a rough draft . 
It's legat to draw and quarter tail-gaters , right ? 
Would like to sincerely thank her A/C for waiting until October to go out . 
Yes , Physics you can suck it . See you next semester with a different instructor . 
ATTN : Fellow Facebook enthusiasts . I am officially declaring that \blah\ " will no longer be accepted as a status update . " 
I like triscuits . 
Happy Halloween !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Needs a talking < PROPFEMALE > for her boss . 
Is ebay shopping for wedding sundries . 
Economics is a retard . There . I said it . 
You know your ready for marriage when you start signing you significant other's name on greeting cards . 
I got hit on by drunk , toothless , rednecks . Because , you know , my night wouldn't have been complete otherwise . 
I have a feeling that cough certain bridesmaids cough are going to be fighting over my nephew at my wedding . Perhaps I should look into cloning ? 
This technology confounds ... 
Too early to be going to work . 
Is addicted to wedding magazines . I readily admit I have a problem , I just don't plan on doing anything about . Except maybe buy more magazines . 
My apartment smells so clean ! So fresh ! Thank you Glade plug-in ! 
Sincerely hopes all the sick and injured on FB get better soon ! 
My eyes are burning . Some days I hate you Texas . 
Another day in group-project-for-prof . Writing-paradise . Or as I like to call it , < PROPFEMALE > designs a website while her team members check their friends status updates on Facebook . 
I sprained my ankle at work . < PROPMALE > suckfest . 
Sigh . You don't want to hear people walking ? Fine , don't get a first floor apartment then . It's not like enjoy walking around right now , anyway . 
Never thought I'd see the day , Bam consistently enters his kennel on command . 
Is starting to feel like she's in one of those Final Destination movies and would very much like to know what she did to piss < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > off . On a note that I realize is completely unrelated : don't boil water in a kettle while listening to music that is heavy on the violin . You'll just stand there glaring at your kettle and wondering why the water won't boil . 
Happy ? 
This is the last thing I'll say about it . I didn't even know how to do it and another girl had to do the photo-thingy for me . This is silly . 
Looking at old photos of Lil . Can't believe she was ever that small . 
Does not understand the thought processes of some people . \So what if it's 32 degrees outside ?!!!! I will wear my ballet flats !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \"" 
Wishes learning makeup techniques was something you could just plug into your brain like on the Matrix . 
House clean = Michelle exhausted . 
My ankle is better . Yay !!! 
I'm happy to be done with work . I'll be even happier to one day be done with HEB . 
Happy thanksgiving !!! 
Would like to extend Thanksgiving time off through to the end of the year , please . 
I saw camo leg warmers !! You can not make this stuff up ! What ?! 
has unanimously been declared awesome . 
Is addicted to Lamebook . It's like crack . 
SOOOOOOOOOOO over these dehydration headaches . 
Wrote my fifteen < PROPFEMALE > unit plan with a migraine . I declare myself awesome . Owwweeeee . 
Miss my niece and nephew . 
Nobody at work knew what a decanter was so I had to say , \the thing the coffee comes out of . \ " I'm trying sooo hard not to let this job make me retarded . " 
Baby , It's freakin ' cold outside . 
The heater is fixed ! The heater is fixed ! Goodbye cheap electric < PROPMALE > ! Hello , warm-ness . 
Capitalizing \I\ " does nothing for emphasis . " 
Horror movies , popcorn , < PROPFEMALE > , soda , other junk food , couch , Bamilonius Maximus , yep got everything I need for some hard-core studying . 
Zombie movie+Chicken with BBQ Sauce = You know ? I don't think I can finish this . No Bam , you can't have it either . 
Economicon : The book that makes you wish you were dead . \ 
In other news : Dead and Breakfast is Frickin ' awesome . 
Naps is awesome 
But I don't WANNA go to work . Pass , please ? 
SIGNAL then STOP . It's not hard . In other news , I have a really massive project due Monday and I'm on INTERNETS and BLOGOSPHERES instead . I think it's my brain's defense mechanism when I try to make it work too hard . 
Brain ... Fried ... 
< PROPMALE > the Red-Nosed Reindeer . Because it's ok to alienate people with differences provided they come back as adults and work for you for free . 
Sure ! I'd love to come in to work ! It's not like I have Finals or anything ! Oh , wait ... \ 
Douchebag manager . 
Dude , don't taze me bro or I'll snatch up yo kids and feed em to a double rainbow . 
Hopes her D-Bag manager isn't pushed off of a < PROPMALE > . Why ? Because everyone will think I did it . 
I feel like I ripped my brain apart and did a rush job gluing it back together . And I still have one final left . 
Oh yeah , and we put the Christmas Tree up today . 
Ok , Economicon ! Here I come with my axe and shotgun so you best be ready . 
Sigh . What's this world coming to Cratchet ? 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this . Please share-knowledge is power 
Lunar Eclipse : The < PROPFEMALE>'s decision between the Sun and the Earth . 
I passed everything ! 
There are beavers in the San < PROPMALE > river . 
So . Tired . 
Tried so hard to sleep in and woke up at 7:30 . That is sooo not fair . 
Bubble baths are made of awesome . 
I have a bizarre craving for pancakes . 
Oh , no your not anyone weird . Your just some drunk idiot standing on my front porch demanding I give you my corkscrew so you can open a bottle of wine even though I just told you I don't have one because I don't drink . Sometimes I think I need more locks . 
I think I might be developing < PROPMALE>'s work ethic . 
Thought I was doing well with writing vows until I realized I was just quoting cheezy 80's love songs . 
Code : I'm back from Florida . \ 
Harlan : Do you have doggie bags ? \ 
David : Why , yes I do need to brush my teeth . 
Felt totally refreshed at work today . I may have to make vacation having a yearly thing . Or daily . Whichever . 
Hallmark : Why not pay $5 for a piece of paper ? 
I'm hooooome , the shift is over and I'm hoooome . 
I used to think Cuero had a shedding problem , now I just think he's giving birth to Tribbles . 
Is having agood day . 
Ok allergies , you've given me enough problems now go away please . 
Does not feel good today . :( 
Is going to tell Voldemort that Cedar Fever is in big with the Muggles . Then is going to relax with a glass of hot tea with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I passed my swim test ! 
So apparently there was some moisture in my steering wheel and it froze and expanded , setting off the horn . In the middle of the night . A neighbor freaked and called the cops . Who came out and disconnected my battery then came upstairs to tell me about it . Hide your kids , hide your wife , hide your husband , they are freezing everything out here . On the bright side , classes were cancelled . 
Thank you snow for delaying my Physics test an additional two days . 
Dear weather , \ 
Please snow again so I won't have to go to work . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me . 
Moratorium on playing video games in the middle of the night please . 
It's official . I have the cutest niece ever . I don't know how the rest of you will cope . 
I can breathe underwater . Jealous ? 
Is it just me or does it seem like there is a surge of attacks on women's rights ? I can't turn my head without hearing about some heinous new law . 
One month and sixteen days ... 
Exactly six weeks . You know , not that I'm counting or anything . 
Moratorium on Cedar . Shyamalan was right ; the trees are trying to kill us . 
< PROPFIRST > Swift : Why not listen to a priveleged white girl sing about her problems in monotone ? 
I made a B on my Physics test !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
I don't care what you say the extra exclamation points are totally warranted . 
I got flowers and chocolate covered strawberries . Totally makes up for one of my books being stolen . 
Had an awesome time hiking with < PROPMALE > . 
Five weeks ! 
Representative Speier is an American Hero . 
Is it sad to get excited about Avon's campaign 6 coming out ? Yeah , I didn't think so either . 
Dear Paul , \ 
I took your Kodachrome away . \ 
Neener , neener . \ 
Digital . 
If you haven't already signed the letter supporting Planned Parenthood and decrying the GOP's attempts to defund this amazing , life-saving organization , please do so now . They've got 700,000 signatures and need to get 1 million . Sign and then make the link your status for a while . Please , from the bottom of my heart , stand with PP . \ 
ht ... tp :/ / www.ppaction.org/IStandWithPP 
Three more weeks . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Chaplin clips on Youtube is the best assignment I have ever been given . Ever . 
Tube tops are a privelige , not a right . Now please excuse me while I acid-wash my eye balls . 
Mid-terms are over and I can finally stress out about something fun instead of migraine-inducing . 
I had to work all day yesterday , so :\ 
THIRTEEN DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Sorry this is late . 
Had an awesome time snorkeling last night in Aquarena Springs . Jealous ? 
8 More Days ! 
Ahh , this job is killing my shoulder . 
7 days , 3 hours , 14 minutes . 
6 days ! YEEEE ! 
7 hours , 7 tables and 70 names later the seating charts are done . There should be some kind of medal for this . 
Dive class was awesome ! \ 
And I'm getting married in 5 days ! 
You guys should have seen the look on < PROPMALE>'s face when he asked me if he had to send out thank you notes too . Priceless . 
\A man is what a woman makes him and a woman makes herself . \"" 
And because somewhere deep down inside you knew it was coming ... \ 
4 Days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE>'s suit is at the dry cleaners . You know what this means ? This means I only have 999,999 things left to do in the next four days . 
Is winning at physics . I have < PROPMALE > blood and Einstein DNA . 
Writing names on cards . Jealous ? 
To make you Thursday morning complete :\ 
3 more days ! 
I want it to be Friday , but Friday after physics class . 
2 More DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Beat that Mom !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am winning at this wedding . < PROPFEMALE > blood and satin DNA . 
Is married . 
Just like < PROPMALE > Estevez before me , I am winning at name change . 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen fought < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . He did not WIN . 
I like the liking of the liked photos . 
\Where is the basement ? \ " \ 
I just found out I have a brother and a sister I didn't know about . Way to go Dad ! 
XTina and I are going on a road trip and no one can stop us . 
Studying for a test over < PROPFIRST > Chaplin and the 3 Stooges . I cannot believe this is an actual class . 
