wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > . 

its my babys bday only 4 but thinks she 40 lol 
i love haters 
I CANT BELIVE IM UP SO EARLY , ALL I WANT 2 DO IS SLEEP . : ( 
OWNER OF FACEBOOK HAS CONFIRMED THAT THEY WILL SEND $1 DOLLAR TO THE RESCUE FUND FOR THE HAITI EARTHQUAKE DISASTER FOR EVERY TIME THIS IS CUT AND PASTED AS A STATUS . YOU ONLY HAVE TO LEAVE IT UP FOR 1 HOUR . LET'S ALL DO IT TO SUPPORT THANKS 
the day of days , i cant wait for it 2 b over 
im thinking about following in my brothers foot steps ............ 
A bootylicious babe who likes to be with others , dont talk shit about her just because theres nothing to talk about , shes super cute and can make your day . shes the definition of happiness . Beautiful outstanding person . Commonly known as sexy girl . sexy , great body . very smart . and attracts alll the boys . Gets many friends and is very welcoming . But be careful , she will fight if she needs too . 
im in need of more ink ........ 
there no point in crying over spilt milk , just look for a paper towel 
You can fix a broken mirror , but u can still see the cracks 
PLEASE watch this viedo its so sad and a bit shocking but every1 on face book need to watch it !!!!! 
to love the idea of some1 and to be in love with some1 , 2 very different things . 
\i been mess n wit lil daddy for bout 4 weeks now man he got me feeling like im weak nowhes drive n me crazy i want 2 make him my baby but i cant cuz i cant buy the car wit out a test drive got me feeling like a child be n chestized and i dont mean 2 rush and i know its just lust he got me bout 2 bust im tired of talking on the phone im sick of converstion im cum n 2 ur crib and u know wat it is SHUT UP SHUT UP \"" 
hearts stars and horseshoes ..... u know how it goes lol 
How do you know the path your take n is the right 1 , when you close ur eyes how do you know when its ok 2 open them , when you've been hurt how do you kno 
When does the bs end ?? 
Time 2 work out , got get my body right as well as my mind :) 
im feeling goofy 2day , so i think 2day is my theme song day . Im feeling CARE BEARs lol . WHATs ur theme of the day ? 
If u could rewind time would u change meeting me ? Do u think i would change meeting you ? For those who know me know the answer if u dont ...... 
i have always been here , thru thick and thin , good and bad im here so open ur eyes and realize ....... 
I need a spa day .... 
'' on the bed '' 
My heart is heavy , my eyes are open , but im still not sure where im going ..... 
you cant stop a hoe from being a hoe , but as long as u spread ur legs for these dudes at least get paid for ur shit and quit bitch n about not have n no rent money or food .. ur shit should be worth at least a f**k'n chesse buger and/or sum chicken nuggets . 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I can be out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status 
go nuggets 
Good morning . I woke up 2day fee < PROPFEMALE > ng brand new and love n my < PROPFEMALE > fe . 2day is the start of a new beginning , those who didnt and dont deserve 2 b in my my < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > r gone , if u still here and u know ur doing wrong by me plz leave . 
i cant wait , im bout 2 show you wat being 200 really is . so tired of this fake a ** people . 
so ready to leave all the bs behind , im so ready for the new life . So roll out the red carpet we gotta do it big and right ... 
im getting my nerd on 
this is so crazy any1 want 2 do my homework lol 
Why do people play such games , make up ur mind all i have 2 say is go listen 2 '' getto < PROPFEMALE>'' maybe ull learn how 2 treat sum1 
Ghetto < PROPFEMALE > 
When u see the end do you fight 2 change it or do you jus let happen ? 
i feel like crap , i need a doctor or a nurse on my bed side . :( 
i got the devil in my ear and im 2 sec . off of listen n 2 what he has 2 say cuz this playing games bs stops 2day other wise im on my way down a f%&*ed up path !!!!!! 
i feel like being mean should i do it ????? 
Happy fathers day , and this is 2 the real fathers not the one's who lay down a bring precious life into this world then walk away , this is for the man who step up no matter what the deal is , the real Fathers of this world the dads thru and thru . Thank you for showing are youth what good real men look like . And to those who dont step up ur life . 
Dont be mad that on my worst day i look better then u do on ur best 
\HELP \"" 
if i left with out saying goodbye would u hate me ???? 
Miss me wit that .. All that bs is 4 the birds u aint nuth n but a ....... 
do i listen 2 my devil or angel ?????? 
What is wifey type ? 
Yeah i went there and i parked 
well is a deep well for shallow person 
how well do you really know me ????? 
Come support the kids cum get ur car washed on 14th and < PROPMALE > . 
So tired of b n tired ........ 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB list ?? Heres a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to comment on how you met me ! Copy this to your status so i can do the same for you . You'll be amazed at the response you get . SOME PROBAbLY CANT EVEN ANSWER 
love dont live here any more 
i cant even say im over it , im above ur bs duces 
its crazy my baby had her first day of school 2day and she still wont stop talk n about it . I love that she loves school 
Its feels so long ago and yesterday at the same time 
\Child please \"" 
<3 
Watch n the game !!!! Go Cincinnati !! 
man o man i reall dont feel like doin this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im miss n u like CRAZY <3 
Im so ready 4 !!! 
D#$% why is it bs that keeps cum n out of u , if you were really bout then follow thru or dang at least tell me it cant happen 
Have'n sum crazy dreams about u 
an \EX\ " is called an \ " EX\ " because its an EXample of who you shouldn't go for again in the furture " 
im putting all my cards on the table , now its up 2 u 2 read my hand and tell me what ur trying 2 do <3 
sooo cute my daughter is watch n football with me acting like she knows whats going on 
Aahh-Chuu , didnt i tell u im allergic 2 bs so step back cuz u got my allergys rolling . 
Man i think its about time that i just check out im so over the bullshit :( 
What u think about u bring about 
this is crazy or am i just crazy 2 think its crazy 
At work soooo bored cant wait til it gets busy 
Ya'll i want 2 go out 2night whos all down ??????? 
i just want 2 say thank u 2 all my family and friends that came out late nite with me and did it up right . BEST BIRTHDAY yet .... and it was nice see n every1 else . LOVE U GUYS . 
Its my babys 5th birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Broncos baby !!!! 
life hands you great things when your not expecting it or them . <3 
U can teach sum1 how 2 walk and look good but u cant help what stupid s* ~ t cums out there mouth !!!! 
We , unaccustomed to courage\ 
exiles from delight\ 
live coiled in shells of loneliness\ 
until love leaves its high holy temple\ 
and comes into our sight\ 
to liberate us into life . \ 
\ 
Love arrives\ 
and in its train come ecstasies\ 
old memories of pleasure\ 
ancient histories of pain . \ 
Yet if we are bold , \ 
love strikes away the chains of fear\ 
from our souls . 
You have me feeling so ........ Im so happy you came n2 my life 
My heart beats faster everytime i hear ur name , i lose my breath when i hear ur voice , i just cant wait 2 be in ur arms where nuth n else will matter <3 
and then i woke up :( 
So they say ignorance is bliss but why is it ? Or is it just another way to not take responsibility for yourself or the actions that go on around you ? 
bout 2 cut my hair and dye it any ideas ??? 
Real talk step the f*+k off im tired of ur opinion which by the way i didnt ask 4 !!!!! 
I love how u treat me like ur doll u speak , think and tell me what 2 do . WELL guess what i dont have matel or f**k n < PROPFEMALE > stamped on my a$$ so stop tell n me what im doin or say n or should think 
Today is the day good bye hair ......... 
Feeling a lil under the weather wish u were here 2 make it better . :-( 
Its all down hill now POTTY TRAIN N he wont b a baby ne more after this lol :-( 
Have a blessed day 
10 or 11 depends 
Can u say < PROPFEMALE > kids . SMH 
Well you ASSUME n is just make n an ass out of you thinking you know me . 
Me myself and my 2 hearts i guess thats all im goin 2 have ........ 
had 2 swich it up again chestnut blonde now !!!!!!!! :) <3 
the count down has started !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Nooooooooooo !!!! Y o y did they have 2 win 
Watch n the nuggets play !!!! 
it was what it was , it is what it is , and it will be what it will be 
If u 2nd guess enuff 1 day ull realize ur life has passed u by 
the moment you came n2 my life everything else became ..... htiflwu :-) <3 
Black girls rock !!!! 
Lay n here cant sleep , may as well start my day 
1 + 1 = 2 we all know that so if u + me = us why the heck is any1 else in this ?? 
I cant sleep so much on my mind and heart not sure where 2 go with it 
i keep hear n ppl say they want 2 cake up but man im so over it who needs 2 cake up go get a snuggie and cake with urself lmao 
Ahhhhhh HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA thats y the nuggets WON !!!!! Thats wat yall get we gave them there 1st lost !!!!! 
U know what i think i mite have 2 give up on u , i dont want 2 but i dont see this change n 
Inbox me a question and I will answer it in my status 
Q . would u ever b more then friends ? A . i used 2 want 2 but i guess we got stuck in the friends zone 
Q . As bad as I wanted you , why didnt it happen ? A . apart of me did , but then alot of time passed and we bcame friends and i didnt want it 2 b weird 
come on more questions 
q . why didnt we ever get together ? A . i wasnt feeling u like that plus my girl liked u 
Q . Can we \wink\ " ? A . Naw im ok but im flattered " 
Q . why dont you ever come out and play ? A . im busy with my life as a mom and student then i add in work .... but call or text me later and we'll talk 
Q . If you had two hours with me , what would you do ? A . ummmm ...... idk it depends 
Q . Who do u want to be with ? A . not something i can answer right now i dont have all the facts 
Just got done paint n now it time 2 plan what 2 cook 4 thanksgiving i def know my < PROPMALE > & chesse and a stuffed turkey just got 2 figure out the rest 
just cuz im named after a < PROPFEMALE > and im a romantic doesnt mean i think ur ne thing like < PROPMALE > charm n sweetheart ur just a bull frog thats full of s**t 
i wish this day was over :-( 
is it wrong 2 say i give up on you ? 
i love that u keep it real with your girl ........... <3 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec , help stand against child abuse , invite your friends to do the same .. 
A person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please post .... 
Cant even trust you , your to much like Colorado weather .... 
ouch I saw that storm coming , wish I brought my umbrella :-( 
#87 I remeber back in the day you used to get me in all the trouble lol JK you have always been one of the most honest and beautiful and trustworthy person don't ever change 
#52 I used to have the biggest crush on you back in middle school but we became good friends you are a wonderful sexy and smart man and I never want to lose you , your great ! 
1983 - man o man I could say so much but I don't think facebook can shut its eyes or ears lol but you my nig thou luv ya .... 
4444- man we been thru some things but its always been love yur a sweetheart until someone pisses you off lol . but I've been slacking in the friendship department . and your a wonderful mother and goofy and smart and a dork :-P 
#14 man what can I say I miss like crazy your like my family , smart beautiful , and going somewhere . 
#411 - sigh how appropriate ... lol I dated your brother even thou you tried to tell me not to I should have listened . we were good friends had great times played some funny jokes . always been a great person and I miss you in my life . and I guess now I know you liked me more then I thought . 
#5687 your one of the nicest guys , talented and cute and smart . what did ever happen ? we need to k.i.t. 
104- so many things I want to say and do but truly I'm happy your in my life 
5280- you are one of the greatest people I know my big brother , your talented and brilliant I miss you . and I remember how we meet life is crazy who knew we would come this far . - love ya strange lol ;-) 
104- if you were here I would be soooooo happy and whatever we would be doing would be great cuz I'd be with you !! 
I'm starting 2 think you prefer the < PROPMALE > ....... But when your tired of running I'll be at the finish line ;-) <3 
I'm bored at work wish someone would come in 
'' live in each season as it passes ; breathe the air , drink and taste the fruit . '' - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > thoreau 
there is not point in having a past if you don't learn from it ... 
your eyes are so filled with anger and pain from THEM you don't even see what your doing to ME . :-( * TEARDROPS * 
NO CHEATING !! Post this on your < PROPFEMALE > , even if you're \taken\ " && see what people want from you . INBOX ONLY ! ONLY ! \ 
Harlem Nights - I love this movie <3 <3 <3 
cant keep holding on to some1 who is so blinded by the faults of others and the pain and anger they have caused .... all i can say is move on to the next one who will see you for the wonderful person you are and want to be for them 
so bored no clue what to do house to myself maybe I should do it like the movies and run around singing in a button-up and underwear lol 
I'll be < PROPFEMALE > you be < PROPFIRST > then we can ride into the future and leave all the bs in our rear view ..... f**k them all I'm ready to ride with the best you ready ? 
Happy birthday big brother you are truly missed , I know your smiling down on us R.I.P we love you and miss you deeply 
so happy christmas shopping is done and I'll be home to watch the end of the game 
just because you make it thru one day doesnt mean you'll make it thru the next ... 
happy holidays everyone I hope they are blessed 
Thank you for being there when I needed a friend ....... Especially when I was in the hospital . You are the best love ya 
Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > . I hope the new year brings you many blessings . And here's to the struggles , bs and/or drama staying in 2010 . GOOD LUCK in 2011 !!!!! 
If your goin to be the man , then be the man , cuz if you cant baby i can , i can and i wil so figure it out ...... \- fantasia " 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ... 
R.I.P. Nate Dogg 
happy birthday jayden my handsome son enjoy today love you 
I don't have time , but if your worth it I'll make time ......... 
