had to work tonight . missed valient thor . couldnt get drunk because all the beer stores closed before i got off . fuck 2009 . fuck 2010 for that matter . and fuck you guys . just kidding . i love you guys . 

would like to upload pictures . but facebook says no . fuck you facebook . 
finally made it to < PROPFIRST > . waiting to find out when we can move in to the house . eff yeah 
doesnt know why hes up this early . or how its physically possible . 
bored . waiting for my chicken to cook . mmmmm , chicken . 
almost in the new house . its pretty feaking nice 
cant wait for college football . 
would really like to win the lottery 
roll tide ! 
makin ' enemies like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
like a junkie with a methodone addiction thinks hes clean , ill be cured 
ROLL TIDE ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , you fat beautiful bastard ! suck it tennesse ! 
my boss looks and acts like < PROPMALE > from clerks . not as cool as it sounds . 
is thinking about boycotting rockstar games for making ballad of gay < PROPFIRST > and the lost and the damned xbox exclusives . 
my ears keep ringing randomly . brain tumor ? wouldnt surprise me . 
gets paid today . EFF YEAH ! 
is ' bout to drink him some beer . happy weekend everyone . 
oh my fuck , the healthcare < PROPMALE > passed in the house ?! i can possibly go to the doctor now ???!!! 
hates everyone who drives while im driving . i swear to god , when did the special olympics add motorsports to their events ? 
doesnt want to go to work . 
rear view mirror , jumbo dice . trunk hit hard like kimbo slice . 
purple drank , Ima grip an ' sip 
finally beat resident evil five after 8 months of on and off playing . maybe ill speed run next time ... probably not . 
< PROPFIRST > Pridgen [ drummer for the mars volta ] got kicked out of Berklee for smoking pot in his dorm . i wish i was badass enough to GET IN to berklee , let alone badass enough to get kicked out for smoking weed . 
feels like an economy sized bag of shit . 
oh no , dont take a stand ! dont piss off the government man , he might put a pistol in your hand , put you on a boat to go play in the sand . 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! january wont come soon enough 
crystal-\whats something to come back with when my boyfriend tells me to go make him a sandwich ? \ " Me -\" you'd better come back with a fucking sandwich . \ " i hate my job . little over a month till im home . heres to hoping i make it that long . " 
it may snow tomorrow . kinda looking forward to that . but its probably going to let me down . texas weather is good at that . 
watched three people get vehicularly manslaughtered today . then had to drive through the mess . i have people parts on my tires . i shit you not . 
this season came out just like i predicted it . Bama and Texas . id be happy with either team winning , but i prefer to keep it in the SEC . roll tide bitches . 
wont you lend your lungs to me ? mine are collapsing . plant my feet and bitterly breathe up the time thats passing . breath i take and breath i give , pray the day ain't poison . stand among the ones who live in lonely indecision . 
tired of christmas already 
saw a dude get shot in the face while i was pumping gas . i think death is stalking me . 
has a long day of truck inspectin ' , cousin chauffeurin ' , 3-d avatar watchin ' [ hopefully herbally enhanced heeeheeee ] , dirty < PROPFIRST > ridin ' , and other things that i put apostrophes on the end of to make them less formal , ahead of me tomorrow . muuuuuthaaaaaafuuuuccckkaahhhhh ' 
had ballin ass mexican food with baby puncher and < PROPFIRST > monday , went to adairs and got my drink on last night , pretty decent monday-wednesday . the rest of the week will suck though . 
its snowing in texas , thats pretty cool . time to start my personal christmas tradition circa 2006 , getting drunk and watching < PROPMALE > potter movies . cant wait for this month to be over . 
we celebrate christmas under false pretenses . it is little more than a capitalist ideal to help stimulate the economy . but , in a recession , there is less money therefore less stimulation [ lol ] . regardless , i hope everyone got what they wanted . 
wishes he could go home right now 
i have 7,838 unread e-mails . i wish yahoo had a \delete all\ " button dammit " 
FUCK ! valient thor and the riverboat gamblers are playing a free show tomorrow night in < PROPFIRST > and i have to work . fml . 
Wishes this day could get cancer and die 
i hope the longhorns are ready . i cant wait to see the looks on UT fans faces come friday . im gonna get into a fight , i can feel it hahaha .... 
playstation network can burn in hell . it said there were over 100,000 people playing COD4 , but somehow couldnt manage to find a game for me to join . 4 HOURS IVE BEEN WAITING . fuck you sony , you had your < PROPMALE > . 
i would dropkick a newborn into a tank of sharks while simultaneously punching an old lady in the face to see rush live . 
sucks 
all of you , car pool it the fuck to texas and < PROPFEMALE > out with me . NOW ! please ? 
debating letting my hair grow out more or shaving it again ......... these are decisions ..... 
the last couple of days were a blur . monday night was probably the most fun ive had in a long time , i remember that much . 
So can your pop sensibilities sing me the end of the world ? Turn gunshots and mortar blasts into a metaphor of how we are all the same ? 
so ready to peace out of here . my love affair with texas is almost over , ready to get back to my main bitch . 
I've lived without bread and I've lived without water , Stuck outside the middle of the desert wishin ' I was home . Long way from no where , wishin ' I was somewhere , Sombre de Cristo to the Devils Backbone . 
FUCK ! somebody shoot me . 
anybody need a roommate ? im sick of waiting . 
DOCTOR OCTAGONAPUS BWAAHHHHHHHHHHH !! 
thinking about getting a lobotomy . ignorance is bliss right ? 
i wish finding an affordable place ot live wasnt so ridiculous . 
i wonder who my celebrity look-alike is . 
urban dictionary : < PROPFIRST > - 1 ) An attractive guy that chicks digg . 2 ) A being who has a level manliness about them of which is somewhat subtle yet unparalleled , and which is sometimes mistaken by lesser men as gayness . 3 ) A higher level of man who endures a multitude of gay jokes , but is in reality much more straight than the lesser men who provoke him . hahahahaha . thats .... interesting . 
I hope you blink before I do And I hope I never get sober . And I hope when you think of me years down the line You can't find one good thing to say . And I'd hope that if I found the strength to walk out You'd stay the hell out of my way . I am drowning . There is no sign of land . You are coming down with me Hand in unlovable hand . And I hope you die . I hope we both die . 
fucking superbowl . i dont want to work sunday . 
what did you expect ? you think i really care ? youre just another notch on this belt i wear . 
too tired to sleep , too drunk for more . 
( 303 ): Dude go to the top of pikes peak right now to catch < PROPFIRST > Bacon's band performing ( 719 ): The bacon ? Yeah right . What if there's Tremors ? ( 303 ): Him and < PROPMALE > have already taken care of that . It's a once in a lifetime < PROPMALE > to catch the Bacon brothers live in concert . I sort of have a boner 
I'ma spare everything but these niggas I flip the gun and gun-butt these niggas Take the knife off the AK and cut these niggas- lil < PROPMALE > and there are people who wonder why hes going to jail for felony gun charges today . ' murika . 
( 847 ): So I used to make fun of texas a lot , then I got here and I found a place where I could get my < PROPFEMALE > in a to go cup with a straw and I realized that this is the only place I ever want to be ( 903 ): god damn right . 
tomorrow [ sunday ] will make 12 days straight that ive had to work 8-10 hour shifts . and 12 days straight that i will be completely smashed after leaving work . my boss is going to pay for my liver transplant . 
/lifequit . 
the mirrors are all busted and someone's cryin ' , it must've been them pills i took ... 
I bomb atomically , socrates philosophies and hypothesis cant define how i be droppin these mockeries , lyrically perform armed robbery . 
playing dantes inferno . maybe just a god of war clone , but still entertaining as hell . no pun intended . 
this split lip is for you , i traded it for an outdated tooth . 
im on the guest list for portugal , the man tonight at the house of blues . envy me . 
portugal was awesome last night , now ive got to get ready for coheed in a few weeks . 
worst spring break ever . food poisoning/stomach virus , couldnt celebrate st. patricks day , still feel like balls , playing final fantasy XIII and im not sure if i like it . damn you life , damn you to hell . 
the people who bitch about healthcare reform are doing the same thing everyone did when the govt . tried to start medicare and social security . no one wanted it , now all these dumbasses think people are trying to take it away . its going to take 10 YEARS for any of this to go into effect anyway people , nothing in the < PROPMALE > is concrete , things can be changed for the better . turn off your propaganda boxes [ fox ] and learn . 
needs friends . or needs the friends i have to be here . i'd like the latter to happen , but thats unlikely . 
no one will do this , but here goes . How many of you really know all the people on your friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me , you know , our very first encounter . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be . 
were just working till the day they decide we have enough . 
uploading all my cds to itunes . i dont know why , my ipod is kind of broken . its a very time consuming process too . ugh . 
telephones make strangers out of lovers , whiskey makes the strangers all look good . 
( 617 ): just gave a yankee's fan wrong directions to Fenway .... welcome to boston asshole 
finally got vampire : the masquerade downloaded . ima be playin that bitch all day . nostalgia here i come 
shut up woman , get on my horse . 
playing adairs tonight . let the liver punishment commence !!! 
Bout to go see clash of the titans in 3D . Eeeeppppiiiiiiccccccc !!!! 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > Steele 
Friday night in < PROPFIRST > and I can't find a single thing to do . What's wrong with this picture ? 
The more and more I work at this dominos , the more and more I hate life 
The power goes out right before sound check . WTF . 
Powers back on , thank god(s ) 
Here we go , first set . Wish me luck 
So ready to go home 
Won't say I love you , babe . Can say I need you , babe . But I'm gonna get you , babe , and I will not do you wrong . 
It's so hot in this house . My grandfather had icewater in his veins apparently 
Do me a favor , got to radiofreetexas.org, register , go to artist search and request < PROPMALE > Webb . Any song , doesn't matter , and you don't have to do anything with the account , just request one of our songs whenever you have free time . This will help me out a lot 
Got the essential metal gear solid box set . 1 2 and 3 . I'm really glad I didn't have to use eBay to replace these games . #fuckyeaimanerd 
My situation out here would be alright if I had some fucking friends . In tired if going to work and coming home to do nothing alone every . Single . Day . 
When will people learn you can't kill < PROPMALE > kreuger 
natural light and metal gear solid . two eras of nostaliga wrapped into one . 
http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2010/05/06/american-flag-banned-america/\ 
\ 
The Internet is unstoppable 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio . Feels bad man 
At the studio in Arlington watching mo lay some tracks . Bitchin ' . 
Friends , this Sunday at 4 go to khyi.com and listen to shiner Sunday to hear us playing live , please ? 
Can shop at costco now . Awesome 
Playing the tailgate party for the < PROPMALE > and dunn farewell tour today . Playing at the < PROPMALE > and dunn concert , not very cool . Playing in front of ( hopefully ) a few hundred people , very cool . 
I think the blockbuster dude gave me red dead redemption . He gave me the actual game case and the sleeve they keep it in . Hmmm ... 
Has to work tonight , leave early so he can make it to Longview to play a show at midnight , then drive back . #fuckingshootme 
Doesn't want to go to work . I wish I could just skip to being comfortable , minimum wage blows 
God called in sick today 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pV0DZrW8JFU&feature=youtube_gdata 
Let's cross the sea , get some culture . Red wine with every meal , and absinthe after dinner . We'd look good side by side walking back to the hotel ... 
My car is broken , awesome . Anything else you want to hit me with life ? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys and gals , you made my day . 
My deathbed is the only place I'll have to call home . 
“fuck you , fuck the plane you flew in on , fuck them shoes , fuck those socks with the < PROPFEMALE > on ? it , fuck your gay ass < PROPFEMALE > accent , fuck them cheap ass cigars , fuck your yuck mouth teeth , fuck your hairpiece , fuck Guy Ritchie , fuck < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , fuck the < PROPFEMALE > . This is < PROPFEMALE > . My president is black and my lambo is blue , nigga . Now get the fuck out , and if I see you in the streets I’m slapping the shit out of you“ 
coyotes in the field howling like sumbitches . and wierd banging noises in the woods ... god dammit . 
christ im bored . thinking about staying up all day to fix my sleep . 
wishes he had something to do . 
Dad : \you're quiet . \ " \ 
< PROPMALE > ferguson is a funny bastard 
the new medal of honor looks so fucking awesome . CoD black ops looks pretty good as well . 
http://www.ustream.tv/2kgameslive\ 
holy shit , duke nukem forever is REAL 
good to see my bros tonight . havent seen all of them yet , still making the rounds 
got a scratch and sniff sticker , it smells just like a pickle 
just saw a commercial for UFC action figures . ...... just ..... why ? 
Jam session was awesome . Great night . 
there are things you must accept as said and done . There are truths you must learn to confront . You can pray all night and day . You'll always wake the same person in the same place . 
Friday night . I'm a broke ass . I wish they would hurry up and let me work so I can afford to do stuff . FML 
Oh god , he bobbled the return and still made a touchdown . Duke , where are you today ? Roll effin tide 
Hokesblaufeagles , feagle fwomping midsouf . 
Anybody got a ps1/memory card/some final fantasy or resident evil games I could borrow for a little while ? 
when i die i want the qoute on my headstone to say \rez plz ? \ " \ 
goes hard in the paint 
I'm down on the river baby , but I'm stuck on the other side , love . From a rope my heart is hanging , water rises on a lonely soul . I'll take my chances breathing , ain't never gonna hold my breath . Because I know if I stay waiting , my bluebird is gonna bleed to death . 
hoping tomorrow would be better , then i realized i have to go to court for a bullshit ticket . its going to get dropped , but i still have to pay court cost . maybe . i hope not . cody = broke 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU ? 
Come on Bama , you're better than this 
played volleyball tonight for the first time since middle school . 
cat dog . #fuckyeah 
great time camping last night . unfortunately i came home and slept all day , so ill be awake all damn night . 
weeds season 5 episode 11 , outside of the planned parenthood building theres a protester holding a sign that says \all babys want to get borned\ " . i thought it sounded familiar and lold a little when i realized where else i heard that " 
just finished waking life . damn . thats some heavy dope . 
sorry if anyone has tried to get in touch with me today [ doubtful ] my phone has decided not to work . 
does anyone remember how to make a playstation work running it through a vcr ? because i sure as shit dont . 
i thought i was going to be able to play shadow of the colossus , i guess inadequate televisions and vcrs and shit are going to keep me from doing that . 
Is wondering what there is to do tonight 
other than work and the occasional going out this week , i think im going to be stuck to the sopranos for the next ... uhh ... however long it takes me to finish this show . 
so much to do today . and i got literally 0 sleep last night thanks to the apparently epic ethnic festivities across the street last night . yes , your trunk hits hard , yes you have to yell over it to have a conversation . but standing in your yard all night/all morning doing this is not cool . please burn in hell whoever you are . 
Obligations fulfilled , finally nap time 
just woke up from my nap , what the hell happened outside ? 
off work . what is there to do tonight that doesnt involve money ? 
My phone is a retard . It's been acting up so I turned it off and back on a got like 8 messages from last night . Unacceptable . 
i have the day off and no obligations ... what to do ... 
\it's a damn tour de < PROPFEMALE > of ball bustin bitchery \"" 
Safety first , then teamwork 
work is over with . starting part one of \operation move my shit : the movie : the game\ " tomorrow . " 
flat tire . getting it fixed . i have to postpone \operation move my shit : the movie : the game\ " a couple of hours . sad face ... " 
part one of \operation move my shit : the movie : the game\ " successful . preparing for \ " operation move my shit two : electric boogaloo\ " starts now ... " 
Questions and shit ? Somebody let me in on this 
Baby , I'm an anarchist . 
ive been really depressed all night for some reason . not fun . 
two days off , I don't know what to do with myself 
fuck cam < PROPMALE > 
Well nighttime let her through , yeah I'm talking to you , I wanna see her . Precious little thing with eyes that dance around without their clothes 
Hello Verizon , so this is what a smart phone feels like ... new phone number . When I remember it you'll all have it 
256-458-5956 . my new number . murry chrimbus facebook 
Big ass bottle of crown from < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas indeed 
Fuck you Gadsden , go make a sandwich . 
Thinking of going to watch black swan tonight ... 
Black swan ... Fuck . 
Dear everyone else on the road , its not your day . If you get in my way I will hit you and not a single Fuck will be given . 
is scheduled off at 11:30 tonight . ill be lucky if im out by midnight =[ and has to be back at work at 11 tomorrow morning . someone hates me . 
Pantera on repeat all night 
Thinking about going to Jeffersons with < PROPMALE > . Anyone else interested ? 
I almost forgot this side of noon existed 
Does anyone else get the feeling that oblivion is hanging over our heads ? 
Pretty much hating work/life real hard right now 
Dear Gadsden , its still icy and my tires aren't great . Please wait until after three to order pizza . Thank you 
We'll travel ' round the world , just you and me punk rock girl 
People forget its also < PROPFIRST > E < PROPFIRST > day . That's who I'm drinking for anyway . 
Western sizzlin with the fam . Mini < PROPFIRST > pimpin . 
This weather has me on such a good mood . Luh dat , Luh dat shit 
Natural light , will you be my < PROPFIRST > ? Of course you will . 
Woke up today and decided to work out for shits and gigs , feel great . So I pose this question to myself : why don't I do this every day ? 
So ready for bassnectar . 
Some old guy just passed me doing 60 on 77 . As he passed he flipped me off and called me a dumbass . He has like 6 Jesus stickers on his car . What a Christian 
I can't do this shit anymore . $3.30 a gallon ? Really ? And its not getting better . I can't even afford to work , Fuck this shit . I quit /life 
I'm the biggest fan I've got right now 
Harumph , I need a new job 
Que sera , sera 
a little arabian bird just told me gas is gonna be 3 dollars and 75 cents sometime this week , buy a gun 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are now hip-hop producers 
Wishing I could camp tonight as well as tomorrow :( 
Hoping I actually get off work on time tonight , can't wait to be in the woods with the he-bros and she-bros 
Mega < PROPFEMALE > and camping #fuckyesnature 
Mother earth guide your children to safety , this I ask respectfully . We all shall return to you soon , until then please help us understand 
camping was a success , enjoyed seeing everyone . cant wait to do it again 
do you want to dance , little rudegirl ? 
found ot the job im trying to get has 137 other applicants . \ 
feelsbadman . jpg 
So the backside of the mountain is on fire . Wat do ? 
Somebody order pizza and ask for me to deliver it , I'm bored 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . dont really know what else to say 
Dialup only coffee shops that block smart phone signals ? Really ? Fucking hipsters 
Hey Louisiana , take your shitty roads and retarded highway system and geux fuck yourself 
bad news : my auxiliary fan came unbolted and shattered/melted on my engine . \ 
good news : it didnt happen on the way back from texas and its only goig to cost 15 dollars . FML/it could be worse i guess . 
rearranged my room , pretty happy about it . 
So , who wants to shave my head tonight ? 
so i was zoned out delivering pizzas today , and for some reason i was thinking about car acronyms . ford = found on road dead etc . and i realized i never heard one for chevrolet . so being the clever person that i [ think i ] am decided to come up with my own and made myself laugh really hard , so ill share it . chevrolet = Can Hold Every Vato Regardless Of Legality , Except Tito . poor tito ... \ 
thank you and goodnight . 
Either there's something on my face and I can't see it , or people have a fucking staring problem tonight 
There's actually a show on tv about dragoncon in Atlanta ? Nicely done local programming 
It is terrifying outside . This lightning is srs bsns 
Would like to finally have a job where 10-4 meant 10-4 , not 10-wheneverthefuckwedecidetoletyougo . 
So I guess the concept of politeness/kindness/manners in general is dead . Good job world , way to beat us all into assholes 
Who wants to go storm chasing ? 
Bin laden is dead , cool . does that mean we can get the Fuck out of the middle east now ? 
Listen to 92j at ten , were going to play some < PROPFIRST > muldoon effect . So .... listen 
Just delivered to a mosque , didn't know we had one here . Pretty cool 
