Whew !! Nothing's wrong ! But I have to have another mammogram in February to make sure . 

Nothing . 
I have a cold , but I feel better than yesterday . And Happy Birthday to the Hubby !!! 
Let's see , I've had a cold , a stomach bug , a flat tire , and now a locked-up alternator and broken belt ( because of the locked-up alternator ) . Happy Birthday to me ! 
Happy that my car now works , happy that I have a new laptop cord that didn't cost an arm and a leg , wish I had more moolah , but what can ya do ? 
Working on Thanksgiving 7am to 2pm , yuck !! Oh well , at least I won't have to < PROPFEMALE > around at home . 
Alternator belt broke - again - 3rd time I believe . This time it was as I was driving home . So , my car's stuck at Tractor Supply in Stillwater . Why does this keep happening ? 
< PROPFIRST>'s not coming home for Christmas . He wants to experience Tokyo's New Years . Sigh . 
A third new belt , some other new belt , and my car is back on the road . So far , no belt slippage . We'll keep our fingers crossed . 
OMG ! I have the day off ! I have to get out of the house ! 
You know , when your brakes are past the squealing phase , into the metal grinding on metal phase , maybe you should get your brakes worked on and not wait til the shoe falls apart and you have no brakes to get them fixed . But it's all good now . And I have 2 days off together and I can get out of my yard ! 
Happy new year !! 
The Hubby's asleep and the dogs want to go out ... again . I'd like to sit and veg . Well , dog's win . Yes , I am whipped by my dogs . 
I HATE WINTER !! I hate having to wipe off wet carts ! I hate having to drive home in snow on unplowed roads ! And why is it that people \staying home\ " end up at Wal-Mart ? " 
I still hate winter ! I'm now stuck in my driveway . We'll see if I can get out before I go to work tomorrow ! 
Yay !! Have paid off 2005 taxes and still have a bit of refund left over !! 
You know , I really ought to be doing laundry , and yet , here I am . 
A day off and ( a little ) money to burn ! Wahoo !!! 
Woo Hoo !! Saturday !!! Well , mine anyway . Yeah !! 
Aaaah !! Just starting vacation ! Too bad I'm too poor to do anything ! 
Just finished The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo . AWESOME !! 
Going to see < PROPMALE > Mortenson's lecture in < PROPFIRST > today ! I'm Stoked ! 
I have just got home from < PROPMALE > Mortenson's lecture . AWESOME !! Learned that Oklahoma's Pennies for Peace programs collected $ 17,000 ! His lecture was very dynamic , he had a hand-held < PROPFIRST > and was constantly on the move . His lecture was about an hour , maybe a little more . And then , AND THEN .... he signed books and stuff ! I got my book , Stones into Schools signed !! Yay !! 
Oh , and being shy REALLY bites ! I could barely say a word while he was signing ( scribbling ) my book . It was kind of embarassing . 
One Project - DONE !! Next project - well started !! 
Last day of vacation . I must be weird , because I am sooo ready to go back to work ! 
I'm feeling sorry for myself because my son is in Japan and busy getting his ship ready to go wherever . I also feel stupid for feeling sorry for myself . 
Oh , yeah and tomorrow is Mother's Day . 
Tired of tv weathermen reporting on tornados barely in the state ! 
I guess I'm just sad . 
I feel better than yesterday ! yay ! Close to finishing another project , one on deck , two still in the planning stage . All I need is MORE YARN !! 
Happy LOST finale day !! In less than 2 hours , I'll be on my rear for 3 hours ! 
aaaakkk !!! Rain !! 
Happier than yesterday !! 
I've decided to add taking the train thru Europe to my pitifully small bucket list . 
Heard from my son today !! 
Also on the bizzaro front I saw my sister's ex - yes < PROPFIRST > Gower ! - at H&H Gun Range ! Said he's retired from Tinker and working there a coupld of days a week . Geez when did he get old ? 
Well I figured out why I've been extra tired lately . It hit me like a brick last night : I've caught a cold . Tired , scratchy throat , stuffy nose , the works . Now if I can knock it out in two days ! 
Not near 100% , but I feel better than yesterday !! 
My dog peed on my husband's pants so I put them in the washer . I also washed his car keys . I feel like such a moron . :( 
I heard from my son today ! He's floating around on his ship , bored out of his mind , what should I send him as a care package ?! 
I saw Toy Story 3 yesterday , AWESOME !! I cried , and cried , and cried . And cried somemore . Credits are must see ! 
It's my day off , too !! What will < PROPMALE > World do ?! 
It's kinda hard to type with a cat lying on your chest . 
I heard from my son , somewhere out in the pacific around Japan or Korea or so . He's sad and mopey . I need to send him a care package ! I wish I had more money . 
AAAAnd $400 later I have a new timing belt and water pump . Sigh . 
Thanks to my mother-in-law , I have a new phone !! Charging now !! Spiffy !! 
Another project DONE !! It looks great ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s project DONE !! Looks pretty good ! 
I'm at home . I'm kinda sad . I have a mammogram in about an hour . yay . 
All is well , boob-wise ! I'm still minorly sad . 
A rainy , gray day . 
AAAckk ! Thinning bones and high cholesterol ! 
For gosh's sake it's 5am ! Go back to sleep ! 
Yay !!! DSL is up and running ! Yay for quick , cheap internet surfing !!! 
thank you , guys !! I'm getting < PROPFEMALE > eyed ! 
Thank you everybody !! It's so wonderful to be remembered ! 
I've just picked up my new glasses . I'm getting a slight headache . Not as bad as when I first got bifocals , though . Transition lenses ! YAY HSA !!! 
Sigh , Kinda sad . 
Off on Thanksgiving !! HOLLA !! 
Unhappy with my new shift . :( 
Life may not suck after all ! 
My sister's having an artery \roto-rooted\ " today . BE SAFE !!! " 
I'm sad and I have a headache , but it's the 1st and I'm not at work , so it's not all bad !! 
Oh , and I got my son's Think Geek catalog in the mail yesterday !! YAY !! 
I need to get ready for work . 11a to 8p today - bizarre ! 
my life isn't bad , so why am I sad ? 
Got Shrek ears at my Walmart ! Happy ! 
< PROPMALE > from Cordillera ( whatever ) called me today and told me what I already knew . Sad Face . 
Am I appreciated ? 
laptop is getting boogered . getting < PROPFIRST > for some letters . having to hold down function key . letters u , i , o , p , j , k , l and m . Geez wish I had money for a new one ! 
I am totally addicted to Cityville !! 
Yay !! I figured out how to de-toggle the kepad !! 
I've decided it's time for a haircut ! What should I get ? 
Woke up at around 5:30 this morning to walk the dogs . Was having a weird dream - wondering why they never found ruins of the Colossus of Rhodes in the ocean . Bizarre ! 
I'm trying not to be sad . I'm NOT going to be sad !! In other news , I watched Inception today - freakin ' great !! 
I have an iPhone 3Gs !! Yay !! 
Tired of being stupid . 
Car parts won't be in until Wednesday , so power steering fix has to wait until next week ! 
No snow yet !! 
7pm . Really cold . That's all . 
8pm . Cold . < PROPFEMALE > . That's all . Oh , and The Cape is stupid . 
10pm . Really , really cold . Really , really < PROPFEMALE > . Just walked dogs and cats - I might have seen 1 flake . And so to bed . 
Watching \How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying\ " . Awesome !! " 
Watching \Starman\ " on crackle.com . Great movie !! Not real convinced I'm getting put of the yard tomorrow . We'll see . " 
Going stir crazy !! I need to get out of the house !! I Hate Winter !! 
I made it to work !! Yay !! 
Ok , time to see if I can get out of the yard without waking up the Hubby . Signs point to no . 
Two things : 1 my car's not ready yet , the mechanics say they won't be in tomorrow , and 2 , it's started to snow now . ick to both . 
Just walked the dogs . About 3 inches so far . Now I'm going back to sleep . If I can . 
Pancakes and bacon and diet dr pepper for breakfast ! Yum !! 
Another bacon , pancake , and diet Dr Pepper day . Another day I can't get out of my yard . I Hate winter !! 
Yay !! My car is fixed !! Now if I can get down my road !! 
Yay !! I got out of my yard !! Yay !! I got down my road ! 
What kind of goofus am I ? I just realized I could put my paltry cd collection on MiPhone ! 
I think I'm going to see a movie . Maybe \The < PROPMALE>'s Speech\ " . I don't know what else . Trying to stave off the darkness inside me . " 
Ok , it's been two months since I last heard from my son . It feels like forever . 
Ok , walking in the park with dogs . Almost fell twice , Bubba's leash broke ( again - zip-ties are a < PROPFEMALE > ) while he was straining to get to another dog , so , took Ziva off her leash ( she doesn't run away , she just wants all the other people to love her , too ) , put it on Bubba and declared the walk over . Unfortunately , I was a ways away from my car . Sigh . 
Last 1099 here ! Taxes Done ! Thank you Turbo Tax ! 
I think the Honda Civic GX ( the Natural Gas car ) is now on the top of my list !! 
2 days off !! What to do , what to do ?! 
Anybody else have problems loading Ravenwood Fair ? It keeps saying I have it open in another window . 
Oh , I got my son's Navy pictures today ! Who wants one ? 
Saw a message from my ex on the USS GW < PROPFEMALE > . He hasn't heard from < PROPFIRST > either . Will tell me if he does . 
Sad . Trying not to crash . 
Looked at my son's < PROPFEMALE > . He told a friend he's fine . I kinda went off . Doubt if I hear from him now . But I know he's fine . 
Heard from < PROPFIRST > !! He said he was down and didn't want me to worry !! I told him not hearing anything was worse , and I was going to worry anyway . Sigh of relief !! 
Ok , I'm not usually impulsive , and I usually put myself last , but I bought myself an iPad2 !! I used my tax refund !! Of course everybody and their brother wants one too , so I won't get it until roughly late April , but I'M GETTING AN iPad !! 
Oh my God !! The goths on The Amazing Race annoy the piss out of me !! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > has died . I thought she was older than 79 . Sad face . 
