No < PROPMALE > Potter for me until next week . I almost gave in to the urge .... Almost ! 

Why is there a like option , but not a dislike option ? Seems kinda biased to me . 
Incoming bit of early celebrating ~ ! Happy birthday to me ! I'm off to the DMV ! It's time to get a new ID ! Happy birthday to me ! Just pretend like you guys can't read this until tomorrow morning , k ? 
So weird ! Posts keep disappearing off of my wall . The internet ghost is eating my posts or something . 
GDI . This little box isn't big enough for what I want to write ! 
I feel like I've been lied to all my life . But in a I'm happy I have been kind of way . Probably doesn't even make sense , but that's ok . 
I demand everyday from now on be 90 degrees with a gentle breeze from the south . 
Oh the sacrifices one makes for the things one wants ... 
Jesus . I must be losing my mind talking to prior service recruiters . Shit . Someone stop me ! 
Soooo tired . This is what I get for being crazy . 
56 degrees in Las Vegas and it isn't even November yet . These global warming bastards can take their theories and shove them where the sun don't shine . 
Happy birthday Marines ~ ! And an early happy free stuff day tomorrow ! 
Why is it that people have absolutely no problem believing in something that has no shape , form or actual presence in the world that can be proved and yet they don't believe me when I tell them that my computer program can't do what they want it to ? IT MAKES NO GODDAMN SENSE !!!! 
Life is short . When you're done , you're done . We're on this Earth to have some fun . And that the way things are . P.S. Why in the name of God is the ending theme song to The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog so fucking horrendously bad ?!?!?! You can count on Disney coming out with end theme songs that are ranging from decent to mediocre . But this one ... I just don't have the words ... It's mind bogglingly bad . 
Why must Dragon Age : Origins be the Bioware version of the < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog ? Excellent execution but the spell and talent system , very much like the end theme song to Disney's movie is terrible beyond words . 
WHY IS IT SO COLD ?????????????????????? :( 
#1 reason why Tali of ME2 is no longer my BFF : She failed the ' Stay in cover when the Big Bad is firing missiles at you so you don't take one to your face ' class at Interstellar Bad Ass University . 
WARNING ! THIS STATUS MESSAGE IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART !! My day has been a giant train wreck . I got an e-mail from the universe this morning that read ' Fuck you!' I'm not sure if I should return to sender or simply burn it . Still deciding if it's worth the energy to do even that . 
I wonder if the fact that I've brushed my teeth 10 times in the last 2 days has something to do with trying to bring my mother back to life yesterday . Probably yes , though it shames me to admit it . And for those who are like ' What a hateful thing to say ! That was your mother!' WAS is the operative word . The next time YOU have to perform CPR on YOUR mother's corpse come talk to me again . 
wonders if anyone else thinks the opening theme to the petville game is criminally cute . 
RAH RAH REE !!! KICK ' EM IN THE KNEE !! ... and stuff ... 
Dese dem Saints won dat dere Super Bowl , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
RAWWWRRRRRR !!! LOL 
All right ! For anyone who needs the info , my mom's viewing is going to be on 2/13/2010 from 11-2 at Valley Mortuary with a memorial service at the 51 Club to follow . The obituary , if you want it for any reason , should be in the paper tomorrow , so keep an eye out . If you want my family's contact info so we can have a group blubbering session over the phone , send me a message or post on my wall and I'll get it to you . 
Petvil < PROPFEMALE > ! Do do < PROPFEMALE > do do do ! Petvil < PROPFEMALE > ! Do do < PROPFEMALE > do do do ! Everybody come on down ! To Petvil < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Why should I have to pay another 150 dollars to type in another language . HATE WINDOWS SO MUCH AND WANTS XP BACK RIGHT NAOOOOOOOOO . 
IF I COULD CHANGE ONE THING ABOUT HOW LONG IT TAKES TO COOK A PIZZA , I WOULD CHANGE HOW LONG IT TAKES TO COOK A PIZZA . P.S. The previous sentence was not meant to be in all caps , but I'm too lazy to go back and retype it . So instead I'll write a disclaimer that is longer than it is . 
feels like letting everyone know she has nothing to say . 
Some people are more dense than < PROPFEMALE>' atmosphere . For the love of sweet baby Jesus , grown people need to act like they're grown . 
If I get one more ' OOPS WE FUCKED SOMETHING UP AND HAVE TRYING ' REALLY HARD ' TO FIX IT FOR HOURS NOW BUT STILL SUCK!' message I'm going to blow my Germs of Head Coldy Doom all over Facebook and let them suffer in misery for the rest of forever . 
just took the best nap ever and hates whoever just called her cellphone and woke her up . :( 
Demands that everyone send her either a gumohar tree or a < PROPFIRST > of some sort in Farm Ville RIGHT NAOOOO !! 
is really frustrated that she can't use the specific people publishing option because facebook doesn't allow you to resize publishing windows . ><; 
wonders if today is really only Monday ... Today was SLLOOOOOOWWWWW . It should be Tuesday night by my calculations . 
is overjoyed that after 7 days and 2 and a half boxes of tissues her sinuses are no longer running like a faucet . 
Name that Disney movie : \I just had a little trouble with the fireplace ... \"" 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? ( Feeling brave ? Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get . ) 
Recently , God was looking down at earth and saw all of the rascally behavior that was going on . Only 5% of humans were behaving !! He was not pleased . He decided to e-mail the good ones to encourage them , and give them a little something to help them keep going . Do you know what the e-mail said ? Okay , I was just wondering , because I didn't get one either . LOL ( Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ) 
To any concerned parties : Jiminy Cricket , of Pinocchio fame , has been outed as a pimp . Because of this , I petition his name be changed to < PROPFIRST > the Cricket . 
Unexpected error my ass Facebook chat . Fix your damn self . 
Good old fashioned thunderstorm here in Vegas . <3 it . 
FFXIII in 5 more hours WHEEEEEEE And I am fully prepared to be just as disappointed with the ending as I was with FFXII 
There are entirely too few hours in the day . 
So yeah . After revisiting the corn nuts theme song after months of not hearing it , I find it just as amusing as it was previously . 
Damn it . How do I only have 10 hours left to finish up FFXIII ? Last weeks trip to San < PROPMALE > messed up my whole game plan . And damn you GOW3 . 
It's coming around to 10 o'clock and it's about time to go pick up new time filler .... even though I haven't even finished my previous time filler . Whose brilliant idea was it to release GOW3 the week after FFXIII . No one has enough time on their hands to finish a FF game in a week . > < 
1 , 2 , 3 Don't do it , Congress . IT'S A TARP !! 
Went to go see How To Train your Dragon . Very cute , although a bit of ' adaptation ' has been done to the film . P.S. You should probably hold off on taking really little kids to go see it . There's a few parts towards the end that might ruin it for them . Probably like a 6+ age range 
Somehow , 20 years later , Saved By The < PROPFEMALE > still qualifies as one of my favorite shows . 
WHERE IS MY NEW MONITOR UPS ??? Deliver it faster ! 
Ok . So I have this cookie dough and this overwhelming urge just to eat it . Give in , or actually make cookies ? This is the question . 
My dog is at the vet's today . Here total time there will be over 10 hours . She's gonna be PISSED when she gets home :( 
For anyone who cares and didn't already know , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is now deceased . 
Have you ever met one of those people that just absolutely refuses to be happy no matter what ? I feel so sorry for those people . How boring must it be to spend each and every waking hour of your life bitching about something that's already happened instead of working towards things that could ? 
Ah ! A nice hot shower on a nice warm day is the best ! <3 
I wish the weather was like this the entire year ! <3 Winter needs to go crawl into a hole and die ... 
Refuses to speak with walls . Either open up your ears or leave me alone . I only have so much breath allocated to me so I damn sure am not going to waste it on someone with an inhibited listening ability . 
Anyone willing to take a fist in the face from me ? I am looking for volunteers . 
Ugh . Network problems at work . Makes doing my job nearly impossible . :/ 
says , \Out with the Windows . In with the Linux . \"" 
is in a horrific funk . Will try to break out of it with some Bon Jovi . 
LOL OMG I <3 despair.com 
My new phone is way too cool . I'm pretty sure I'm never going to put this thing down . 
So . How about them packers hmm ? 
