right now ... my life is infinite win :) 

i totally just reactiviated this accountttt 
running errands with the fammm 
i helllla saw shireen at wendys hahaha 
how do u an interpret a dream where ur a drug dealer ... that was weird haha 
i hate this ear problem . i can't hear anyyythinggggg ! 
just got home ... that < PROPFEMALE > is a funny one 
i wont let you fall a p a r t 
rapidly reaching the end of Atlas Shrugged 
not sure how i feel about this ... 
i guess its gonna be alright after all 
school today .... only 4 more days ! 
i always have a plan :) 
i need iced coffee .... baddd haha 
i was SUPPOSED to talk to < PROPFIRST > tonight ... 
just signed up for twitter ... should be interesting 
so today will pretty much be filled with a huge review session so i can ace the math final tomorrow 
study study studying 
i should still be studying but ... whatever haha 
last day of school ! 
hookah spot 
hookah spot was funnnn 
i cant wait to see the expression on your face when u open the door fat ass 
i hate the past today 
i dont wanna do anything today 
i feel so ... taken advantage of 
i totally don't care anymore 
being depressed is extremely exhausting ... hopefully tomorrow turns out better 
trying not to think about it ... ill probably be watching and reading true blood all day 
i really need something to get my mind off of this 
< PROPFEMALE > sometimes 
damnnnnn i never expected that lol 
i think the rest of the week will go by perfectly now 
im tired of getting home at 2 am 
totally got 3 new NIN cds today ... trent = god 
yayyyyyy i'm gonna see manson !!!! 
hopefully going to see manson in august ! and also hopefully getting an iphone 
is going to see manson august 29th ! 
is at home ... resting after a crazy night 
i love counting crows 
i slept in hellllla late today 
at the hookah spot with shireen 
ready for another day 
some people have the uncanny ability to bring up things i'd rather NOT talk about 
tonight i miss someone , but i don't know who 
going shopping today :) 
i made a deal with my brother : i stop swearing he stops being an ass . so far so good lol 
don't say that its over , i'd kill to be closer 
i realllyyy slept in today haha 
hahaha last night ... 
ultimate hangover cure : 5 pepsis , a huge hamburger , and making fun of people all day long 
hanging with shireen today 
just got home ... tired ! 
no he cant read my poker face 
ready for another day ... hopefully i actually leave the house this time haha 
headache .... i hate my glasses 
i'm getting tired of wishing for you 
the smallest things make me so happy :) 
i made tons of delicious cooookiessss haha 
thinking about a tattoo 
making origami with minuscule pieces of paper haha 
shireen and i found pix of us in 8th grade ... goth much ? 
starting a diet today ugh 
somebody loves me 
off to work i go 
ready for the weekenddd 
family stuff all weekend 
hanging with the grandparents today 
still making origami ... and thinking of someone ... 
sup /b/ 
shopping today with my mom ... and pretty much got my tattoo figured out ;) 
in his mind < PROPMALE > called it a yellow note 
just woke up and ready for the day :) 
i love sublimeee :) 
always crashing in the same car 
i just woke up .... damn i need to fix my sleeping schedule haha 
hookah with shireeenyyyy :) 
going to buy textbooks today 
$800 for books . shit . 
increasingly wants to gtfo of chico 
my plans are totally messed up . dammit 
work later , then fun tonight :) 
i have a weird feeling about tonight 
why the fuck am i up this early . 
i have no < PROPFEMALE > today 
sharpening pencils and trying not to think of that one person who makes me REALLY mad 
eating reeses cups ice cream and thinking about my tattoo 
an interesting day is ahead of me 
hungryyyy i just watched 2 hours of < PROPFEMALE > la bam and < PROPMALE > & big 
getting my iphone tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i lost him ... 
iphone tomorrow , fun on friday , then school starts monday :) 
i love having someone to talk to :) 
running errands with the parents before i get my phone :) 
new number , message me if you want it :) 
had the best night last night 
i dont want my good mood to wear off 
i love breakfast :) 
gonna go eat chinese food yayyyy 
school tomorrow ... and hopefully the RIGHT iphone 
school today from 10-1 
yessss best buy fixed the iphone problem i had a great day back 
actually looking forward to tomorrow 
had a pretty good day today , hopefully tomorrow will be just as great :) hella tired tho 
doing homework ... pretty much all reading out of the books 
one more day until < PROPFEMALE > manson :) 
theres no way out of this whole world even if you try 
resting up before i go to work 
definitely procrastinating tonight 
aaaah where is my shireeenyyy we aren't done making fun of people come baaaack lol 
manson show tonight :) 
manson show was awesomeeee 
another week starts tomorrow :) 
feels bad for giving him a hard time ... lol 
hopefully a better day starts tomorrow 
feels good man 
heading to school 
my parents put an obama-joker picture on our fridge . is this win ? 
just got home from work 
just woke up from an accidental nap ... gonna partayyy it up tonight ... maybe 
sleepin innnn 
homework all dayyy 
spent all my birthday money already ... rock & republic jeans and an < PROPMALE > hardy track suit 
transferring music from ipod to iphone is taking foreverrrr 
Today is my birthday !!! 19 wooootttt 
had a great 19th birthday 
math homework actually makes me happy ? wtf 
a blind fish , swimming in the cave of aloneness 
i reallllyyyy hope im not getting sick , i have way too much studying to do this weekend 
ready for the weekenddd :) eating pizza yayy 
work in a bit 
and everybody's been there and i don't mean on vacation 
we could be heroes , just for one day 
well this night turned out interesting ... 
totally procrastinating :) 
we were gonna be the wildest , the wildest people they ever hoped to see 
im having such a good dayyyy yayyyy i have a cohasset friend :) 
i just got home now off to do homework for the rest of the day ugh 
its a lifetime decision , recovering the satellites , and all anybody really knows for sure is that you're gonna come down 
eeee maybe i met a dude :) 
starting on my homework 
listened to every single NIN cd today .... i wish there was moooooreeee 
i got both more and less homework done last night than i thought i did ... 
why cant i just finishe up these last two powerpoint slides so i can be dooooneeee argh 
tomorrow should be great :) 
bio presentation today , then fun tonight :) 
getting ready ... 
had an amazing night ... cohasset will never be boring again ;) 
hanging out with < PROPFIRST > again after work :) 
good night tonight :) 
' < PROPFEMALE > the hood ' is growing on me ... 
another 2:30 am ... 
had a great day with a great guy 
boy , its the little things you do that make me smile :) 
i wonder where < PROPFIRST > is 
im extremly irritable today ... 
he cheered me up :)) 
he sure is somethin special :) 
i get to see that one guy today 
so theres this guy ..... :) 
studying allllll day so i can spend the whole weekend with my guy . i dont mind though :) 
Update by Shireen's request : this weekend is gonna be a Shireen AND < PROPFIRST > weekend !!!! Hell yeahhhhh girl we're gonna partayyyyy it uppp on yo birthday shaneequa :) 
i am like starvinggggg 
< PROPFIRST > acret : your weird . shana : i read this shit inthe newspaper ok . its not my fault that crack heads are improvising 
ugh i feel sick ... but at least i got to see my man today :) 
weekend starts tomorrow at 1 pm :D 
hanging with < PROPFIRST > soon :) my parents bought me in n out epic winnnnnnn 
he's been gone five minutes and i already miss him ... rebelution was awesommmeeeee :) 
gonna party it up with my favorite people tonight :) 
and all i need is him by my side 
made hella cookies with < PROPFIRST > :) 
there are more than 24 hours between me and that boy 
idk what to wear today !!!! 
had an amazing day with my mannn 
who is < PROPFIRST > galt ? 
< PROPFIRST > i miss you alreadyyyy baby 
i hate cold weather 
seems like the only thing that i think about is you all the time i have no words to express the way i feel about you i found my hearts < PROPFEMALE > baby its you 
let the lovin take ahold cuz it will if you let it 
i just trapped the hugest mosquito ever in a glass . ew . 
damn i still got 3 hours before i see him again 
happy to be homeeee 
cold weather makes me have no motivation 
feels really stupid right now 
tell your mother this isnt a communist day care center 
long day today ... gonna have to get some coffee :) 
I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor . That's my dream . That's my nightmare . Crawling , slithering , along the edge of a straight ... razor ... and surviving . 
might see < PROPFIRST > today ? 
waited until the last second to finish my hero myth for mythology ... and it turned out better that way . nighttime is always more creative :) 
i so dont feel like going to class today 
aint nobody gonna catch me ridin dirty 
gonna get alllllll my homework done :) 
< PROPFIRST > loves me !!!!!! 
its whatever . i know who i am and that's all that matters ;) 
where is heeeeeee 
i'm a loser baby , so why don't you kill me ... 
i love stealing his clothes :) 
i have the worst sore throat ever . owwwwwwwwwwwie 
even though i've been sick everything is great : spent the past 2 days with my main man , made hella bank , and i'm happier than everrr :) 
antibiotics are doing their job already ... yayyyyyy ! 
is such a liege 
has an emergency dentist appointment today ... teeth are killing meeee 
i love < PROPFIRST>'s new macbook this thing is pimpinnn :) 
i love < PROPFIRST > :) 
took a 2 hour nap ... on accident ugh 
the right kind of love on a sunday morning ... 
my bio grade is looking up , and so is the rest of my week . I can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to be here :) 
< PROPFIRST > is under the impression we're moving to ecuador . well ain't that a pipedream for ya 
its a crazy wrld to live alone ... a ball and chain i call my own 
the first rule of fight club is : don't talk about fight club the second rule of fight club is : DON'T TALK ABOUT FIGHT CLUB 
< PROPFIRST > has a snuggie . 
going to my boyfriends houuuussseeeeee :D 
under the spreading chestnut tree , i sold you and you sold me , here lie they and here lie we , under the spreading chestnut tree 
had a great monday for once :) 
i just bought a ton of clinique :) 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT - if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you are finished post this paragragh on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you .. seriously do this i am so curious ... 
getting all my homework done ... the party weekend starts tomorrow at 7 :D 
i love being a carnivore . 
I just downloaded clerks I and II yyyeahhhhhhh lol 
< PROPFIRST > and i are making pancakes :) 
i am so freaking tired of being sick !! 
loves < PROPFIRST > :) 
really ? 
decisions decisions ... 
my boyfriend made cookies all on his own hahhahaha 
i want your lovin , i want your revenge , you and me could write a bad romance 
im gonna make chocolate chip cookies :) 
< PROPFIRST > and i are listening to the spice girls bahhahha 
i'm super happy :) 
i like when < PROPFIRST > stays over late :) 
i'm extremely proud of the fact that i have more than 700 sega < PROPFEMALE > games downloaded to my computer :D 
damn i got home way late ... on accident lol 
i love when you listen to a song and it reminds you of someone special :) 
its friday ! :D 
< PROPFIRST>'s hemp tshirt is super comfy lol 
3-day week ! 
DINNER SPIRALS !!!!! 
i hope he is coming home tonight ... 
had a crazy night with < PROPFEMALE > Markland 
they say misery loves company- we could start a company , and make misery 
hangin around with < PROPFIRST > Acret <3 
i love Rebelution and < PROPFIRST > Acret :) 
yay friday !! only a week left until finals , and then i'm freeeee 
pass the dutchie from the lefthand side 
making top ramen 
this should be an awesome weekend :) 
i called someone a bitch in a myspace comment ... and now i feel all rebellious haha 
has no idea what to buy her boyfriend for christmas .... 
bloodflowers :) 
< PROPFIRST > and i are 3 months today ! <333 
hangin out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Acret :) 
even though its not really the season , i made a blueberry pie cuz i love blueberries lol :) 
hopefully gonna do something fun tonight :) 
happy to be me :) 
we could be heroes ... just for one day 
koool aiiiiidddd :) 
burning cds is such a pain in the ass ... 
to party ... or not to party ... that is the question 
spring semester starts tomorrow at < PROPFEMALE > college ... maybe deaf studies will be right for me :) 
oracular spectacular :) 
going to get my eyebrows waxed yayyyy then errands with my mom and then < PROPFIRST > gets home :) 
watching < PROPFIRST > plant things in his greenhouse , eating bacon , and singing indian pop songs . what a good morning :) 
Lost comes back tonight !! yayyyy :) 
damnnnn i want one of those celebrity look-alike things ... i've heard i look like < PROPFEMALE > danes but i don't see it . any suggestions ? 
yay i just found a pink starburst :D 
I sware there was just an earthquake ... 
watching < PROPFIRST > Acret shake his ass lol 
watching the dog show :) 
is currently learning all that i can about dreadlocks so i can convince < PROPFIRST > Acret to get them :) 
watching Labyrinth with < PROPFIRST > Acret 
no class until wednesday :D 
here's to late night talks with random people about the meaning of love , eating chocolate even after i've brushed my teeth , finding out things you never wanted to know , trying to make facebook updates sound nifty , and violent j stfu i only care about shaggy 
... kinda wishing i was still asleep 
AutoCAD homework ... forget that I want ice cream :) 
thinking about buying a new laptop ... 
blood oranges !!! 
thinking about getting some peacocks ... wouldn't that be awesome ? lol 
i think im going to go make tater tots ... lol 
i love eating fruit late at night ... randomly . 
finished painting my room today- looks awesome :) 
is gonna make < PROPFIRST > Acret clean his room today 
had a surprisingly awesome spring break :) 
government paper done , and 100% on the quiz :D 
Had an awesome Easter ! You're never too old for an egg hunt :) 
i have jamba juice :D 
just finished registering for classes . if everything goes according to plan , i'll be at sac state in the fall of 2011 ! 
So basically , Avatar is a complete rip off of Ferngully . And a bad one . 
< PROPFEMALE > , what the hell were you doing on my floor , and why did you have to sting me ? 
Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > Peters , my best friend of 11 years tomorrow :D 
Dear dude on your cellphone : either sit down and talk quietly , or get off the phone . Nobody wants to hear you shouting about your parking ticket . Thank you . 
\ ' I see ' said the blind man to his deaf and dumb daughter as he picked up his hammer and saw . \"" 
Is slowly but surely dominating this jigsaw puzzle . 
< PROPFIRST > is mad because the blender won't blend 1000 bluberries . Lol 
i seriously need to make cookies today ... what kind hmmm 
had a great time working at the farmers market today 
1 you just a ho , 2 you ain't a juggalo 
I wanna love ya- everry day and everrryyy night 
It's 31 cent night/scoop night at baskin robins ... And < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and I are going to every one in town hahahha 
might be getting some peacock eggs ! yayyyy :D 
on my laptop at school , downloading hella torrents on the schools internet mwahahahha 
Making Kahlúa chocolate chip cookies 
Is selling bread at the farmers market :) 
had a great weekend ! now im making cookies , and < PROPFIRST > is coming over for dinner :) 
Just put my eggs in the incubator . This whole thing has turned out wayyy more stressful than I thought it would be !! Only 12 more days to go ... 
Woke up at 6 , ran home to check on the babies ... They're fine of course , I'm just stressing lol 
I am so ready for Lost tonight ... No matter what ridiculous thing happens lol 
Making donut holes ! :) 
Going skating tonight ! 
will be keeping my fingers crossed all week 
< PROPFIRST > Acret and I have been watching so much frikkin Lost !! 
why\ 
haven't any of my teachers posted my grades yet .... arghhhh 
Laying out by the pool , getting tan :) 
Happy 16th birthday to my little bro :) 
1st day of summer session today ! 
Enter the ninja 
You remind me of the babe ... 
today is my friday :) 
Parrot or peacock ? Suddenly I'm leaning toward the former ... 
Sushi with < PROPFIRST > and some friends ... Awesome ! 
i'll give you television ... i'll give eyes of blue ... i'll give you men who want to rule the world 
Going to see fireworks :) 
Dear Mr. Jones and Mr. Bermas will you please come to my boyfriends birthday party , oh and invite Mr. Ventura kthnx 
gonna make some super sour lemonade :) 
Last day of summer session today was bittersweet . I'm glad to be done , but I'm gonna miss signing everyday !! 
Headin down to LA tomorrow morning with < PROPFIRST > Acret and < PROPFEMALE > Acret ! Should be fun :) 
At Quiznos with my little brother 
Is too glad that she made up her mind to be happy about the decision lol 
Every time I listen to Purple Rain it gets more epic 
So I decided to rip up the nasty shag carpeting in my room . Not only was it disgusting but I found a condom wrapper . 
i think i'm gonna make some aweosome cookies today ... what kind ... 
New memory foam mattress is frikkin awesome . I come home early just to sleep on it . Lol 
Working at the farmers market today then I'm off to the Cohasset Bazaar :) 
yay we have DSL ! 
going tubing today and < PROPFEMALE > world tomorrow :) 
Thought I was done with this hard decision- now it's back again 
First day of class was awesome , let's hope tomorrow goes just as well :) 
Been researching study abroad programs- if I minor in Russian I can go to St. Petersburg- awesome !! 
great start to the second week of school :) 
Got to talk to so many people in sign language tonight :) 
had a great pre-birthday celebration :) thanks to everyone for coming !! 
i want ice creammmmm 
Watching < PROPFIRST > play basketball in the rain 
Today I am 20 ! Happy birthday to me lol 
Thank you everyone for all the nice birthday wishes ! You all make me feel very loved :) 
made banana-chocolate chip cookies ! yum :) 
my group discussion teacher brought us donuts . i guess i don't hate this class anymore lol 
Gorgonzola walnut bread- I love working at a bakery ! 
Today < PROPFIRST > Acret and I have been together for one year . I love you baby <3 
I find it hilarious that so many people on the class discussion board are freaking out about my anti-welfare stance . 
Playing flip cup :) 
I love tea . < PROPMALE > grey is my homeboy . 
studying for geography yay 
Last class got cancelled and I'm actually upset , I love logic ! Applying to CSUS tomorrow and then taking a campus tour on Saturday yay ! 
San < PROPFIRST > on the 16th , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > on the 24th and then Halloween ... Geez this month is gonna be crazy ! 
arghhhh why does everyone else need to use the transfer center , I NEED my transcripts sent screw everyone else haha 
Watching The Hangover was my only homework this weekend ... odd lol 
Is reading 1984 aloud to < PROPFIRST > - it feels rather quaint 
so < PROPFEMALE > jones just called asking for a donation to the breast cancer fund and when i asked her if she was aware that it is nearly 9 pm she told me \yes maam i understand but our patients are dying ! \"- THAT IS NO EXCUSE " 
Light a candle for the sinners- set the world on fire 
Treasure Island fest tomorrow ! 
Die Antwoord pix are up ! One of the best concerts I've been to in a while :D 
Is in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > to see < PROPFIRST > Jones ! 
97/100 on the logic midterm , 93/100 on my group discussion presentation- midterms went great to say the least :D 
Just found out we can vote on campus oh what lol 
So I officially hate California and these horrible election and proposition results . But the fact that Rand < PROPFIRST > won in Kentucky makes up for most of it :) 
No matter how high I turn up Die Antwoord on my iPod I still hear these annoying people talking . 
Wake up listening to Twiztid with your bro- that's some gangsta shit lol 
i have phone service at my house now ! 
< PROPFIRST > - \Everyone was so happy . Even his hair started to grow \"" 
its snowing ! 
AT&T finally decided to turn my internet back on- yay connection with the outside world !! 
Working at the farmers market then going to muds n suds !! 
studying and listening to < PROPMALE > . awesome 
< PROPMALE > Zombie is coming to Chico ?! Fuck yes ! 
Just got back from seeing < PROPMALE > Potter ! 
I changed my profile picture to < PROPFIRST > the Homicidal Maniac ... I think that's a pretty good example of child abuse ;) 
Butch , I don't even go to school ! 
I bought a clif bar out of a vending machine and it gave me 2 instead of just 1 . How awesome is that ?? :D 
3 out of 4 finals completed !! 
Finals are over !! 
Jy maak ' n meisie < PROPFEMALE > jags 
RIP Captain Beefheart 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Got some awesome stuff :) 
Today my mom asked me who < PROPFIRST > Bieber was . When I showed her a picture she said : \oh that's disgusting ! \ " lmao " 
going down to < PROPFIRST > Acret's to watch Inception :) 
I don't have time for gossip ! I'm a fucking warrior not a housewife !! - me 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Manson 
Off to ballet class :) 
I love my leather jacket :) 
Sign language 2 starts tonight ! Ready to get back into signing :) 
Going to see Black Swan with < PROPFIRST > <3 
This is the last time I drive home at 2 am . There was a horse in the middle of the road and a drunk guy who came up behind me at 70 mph . I don't need that shit lol 
The smallest minority on earth is the individual . Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities . - Ayn Rand 
Got my sign name tonight ! The word \nice\ " initialized with the letter S :) " 
getting some homework done :) 
omg 3 < PROPFEMALE > yoga paper ... 
Wat kyk jy ? 
< PROPMALE > zombie tonight ! Should be awesome :) 
Have you heard about the vast libertarian conspiracy ? We want to take over the government and then ... leave you alone . 
Red < PROPFEMALE > cake was a success ! I love baking :) 
Well the bitter comes out better on a stolen guitar , you're the blessed , we're the spiders from Mars 
How is it still snowing ?? 
geen fokken skaam , skriks vir niks soos die fokken son 
i love greek yogurt ! 
sign language class was canceled and i am actually upset ! 
today was a succession of failures- got to butte at 9:30 only to find out 2 of my classes were canceled and I had to wait around until 2 pm for the next one . then on the way home my tire blew out and I got stuck on the side of Cohasset road ... hopefully tomorrow is better , I mean how could it not be after this ? 
Ballet was intense today ! Sautés and relevés ! 
I have been officially admitted to Sacramento State !!! YAY :) 
easiest test ever . the professor went around giving everyone answers lol 
Making cinnamon buns from scratch ! 
Beat boy . 
Versigtig , ek's nog steeds fokken giftig 
Making an < PROPFEMALE > potato chocolate cake . Of course even their cakes have potatoes in it . 
Ivan : \Shana crumbled up her contacts and put them on my face\ " \ 
my mom and i are obsessed with the vampire diaries . i swear we watched like 5 episodes today lol 
boysenberries are the gods of all other berries 
Going to play bingo ! 
only in my house would the entire family engage in an hour long conversation/argument about how many continents there are . we're still tied between 6 and 7 
umshini wami 
wat pomp julle ?? hierdie my afrikaans post vir vandag 
Lemon - < PROPFEMALE > cookies were a success !! 
