I know your awake < PROPFEMALE > Wells < PROPFIRST > Slocum < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Baker 

Just made a Facebook ! Kinda excited lol :) 
Just got back from the movies . Had fun but im kinda tired . Oh well its finally Spring Break !!! 
Today is absolutely beautiful 
im < PROPFEMALE > sore >:( 
oi just stretched and worked out so i can stop being so sore !!!! 
OH I SLEPT IN TILL 1PM TODAY 
IVE BEEN UP FOR LESS THAN TEN HOURS !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > says on the bottom of Forever 21 says < PROPFIRST > 3:16 !!!!!!!!!!!!! GO FOREVER 21 
ive decided im unwritten . no one can tell me wat to do or < PROPFEMALE > to do it because i hvnt decided wat i wanna do with my life or how i wanna live it . Only i am the writer of my life and story has not even begun yet . I am going to take my time and write my story right . 
Guess who didnt pass her permit test ! lol hey its been a long day oh well lol cant get em all . 
is wishing < PROPFEMALE > a HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm sorry bs I love u ! 
sooo done with testing . oh well get three half days out of it :) 
just got home . I went out for lunch today . Sooo much fun :D . That is until connor tried to eat his burrito .. 
has just finished her poetry project !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! success !!!!! :D 
passed her permit test . ( this time ) and is waaay excited for the San < PROPMALE > Trip !!!!!!!!!! 
is < PROPFEMALE > happy all her hw is done and can just chill today ! Oh and thinks its hilarious that Pris forgot she had boobs yesterday in wind ensemble ! rofl 
is crazy tired . glad tomorrow is friday ! 
is happy its the weekend yet sad that tomorrow is another school day . But extatic that there is only 10 school days left ! 
is freaking out over her chem finalS next week . 
i think ima print out a black and white picture and color it !!!! yah sounds like fun to me !!! :) Man i need a life .. 
just got back from Jordy's party it was sooo much fun !!!! happy bday hun ! 
has decided that if she has to take another chem final she will have to finish it in an insane asylm because she can not handle it emotionally . :/ 
hanging with my BS , reconnecting with old friends , almost done with sophmore year , finished a great trilogy overall a beautiful day :) 
< PROPFEMALE > n i were talking today n decided after 11 years of friendship we can climb any mountain .. xcpt a real one . =] 
well its my bday in 3 days haha 
its my birthday in 23 minutes 
well its the sweet 16 :) 
ima pull down ur unders . i threw a brick through her window . u think this is funny ? so its like day school .. NO !!! so its like 7 things all at once n its like yah !! im a jelly fish ! im pillsberry doe boy ! :) super mega foxy awesome hott !! drunk off sunkist . now*white girl get freaky * 
thnx everyone :D 
have had an amazing summer so far :D hopefully itll keep down this path 
its not slutty if ur shoulders are covered rite ? 
woke up in the am . n not just the am but the before 7:15 am thts just ewie ... 
got home from cal city today . 
New plans for wednesday !!!! 
Hugs are like band aids for the soul . they hold you together and wether they actually do anything or not you always feel at least a little bit better :) 
Two years later and ur still gone Two years later and i have become a different person Two years later and we all still wish you were here Two years later and i miss you lots Two years later and I still wish i cud talk to you one more time Two years later and your beautiful person is still remembered missed and longed for Two years later and i stil love you dearly RIP < PROPFIRST > Park I wil miss you and your family forever 
Huggin and a Kissin Dancin and a Lovin wearin nxt to nothin cuz its hott as an oven ... TIN ROOF RUSTED !... Love Shack Baby Love Shack ! Hop in my chrysler its as big as a whale and its about to set sail !!! Love Shack is the best ! lol 
The Claw !!!! 
Lets Get Funky :D .. love ya Hay 
Just went through the comments on all my pix . got a lot laughs out of the memoires n comments . 
I JUST COUNTED !!!!!!!!! I HAVE 100 SHOES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
feels accomplished ! has cleaned her room ( a great feat ) the kitchen the bathroom and helped out my sister ! and praying my rents will allow me to have friends over tonite 
Just got back from Eclipse !! The best so far for sure !! It had much better acting skills better makeup for our vampires < PROPMALE>'s southern accent < PROPFEMALE>'s 1930s history Emmet's smart allack comments < PROPFEMALE>'s adorable \fight\ " with < PROPMALE > and of course very yummy werewolves ;) Good Job guys u did the book pretty well :D " 
Shush Girl Shut ur lips do the < PROPFEMALE > keller and talk with ur hips 
OHH NOO !!!!! Mount Saint Helens Is Errupting In My Butt !!!!!! Man i love wipeout tht is the true american past time getting decked in the face and landing in mud water paint or foam 
Just Got Ms < PROPFIRST > puppy !!!! Cutest thing ive ever seen !! N i get to keep him for a whole week !!!!!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is adorable :D 
Pantolones ! ... wait outer pantolones !!!!! love you row happy bday !!! 
sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy 
They say modestys a virtue but in show biz it can hurt u ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > i had a black out twice today ... fun .. not ! 
Bored ... Yay for a summer at home < PROPFEMALE > u cant < PROPFEMALE > out with ur friends like ud like to .. 
just spent forever liking those link things .. wow i need a life 
90% of the time it works 60% of the time XD 
went to Michelles house and we ran victory laps in her pool while singing we are the champions we climbed on her roof twice and watched to Pride & Predjuice ( awesome movie ) and What happens in Vegas while giving eachother afros with \hair helpers\ " over all a very good night indeed :D thnks Mishy Bear " 
feels horrible 
I just did the pee pee dance while chanting i gotta pee i gotta pee then proceeded to run ( oddly ) across the house screaming i gotta pee !!!! yah im real mature :p 
If you planted hope today in any hopeless heart , if someone's burden was lighter because you did your part , if you caused a laugh that chased a tear away , if tonight your name is mentioned when someone kneels to pray , then your day was well spent :) 
New fav thing is def Improv Everywhere !!! 
\True love doesnt have a happy ending .. cuz true love never ends\ " i like this a lot :) " 
going to vegas tomorrow . Phantom of the opera here i come ! 
is disapointed in facebooks unapproval of cheating . It wont allow me to keep < PROPFIRST > Baltau as my bf n add < PROPFIRST > Cowan as my husband :( oh well i still got < PROPFEMALE > Sopp as my daughter :) 
Nothing lost , simply redefined . 
Ah i love all the rain , thunder and lightning :) this is one case i enjoy the bipolar weather of the AV 
TGIF does not even cover it 
Retail therapy gives me 2 new pairs of shoes wich brings the grand total to 60 i believe :) 
Sooooo much hw since friday .. ugh ... AP is dumb .. oh well college credit right ? \ 
well hopefully i get college credit 
Today was great . not gunna lie Lunch was definatley akward , between the couple getting it on Lady Gaga style to being trapped btwn < PROPMALE > Brott and Rowyn < PROPFEMALE > Guenther as they tried to kiss several times , to dressing Rj in rows flannel , or bieng sandwiched wich evovled into a group hug that almost fell over and lets not forget the random \techno rape\ " an akward lunch but a funny one " 
Yay ! lol college football has begun :) hello saturday equals football party ! lol our living room is packed ! i think its great then < PROPFEMALE > asked if going to church tonite the response was of course not ! football is on ! 
A fun night with the BS now time to plan a bday party with my favorite . INTENSE who knew hotel booking was < PROPFEMALE > difficult !? 
is ahead on AP bio hw . Seriously im a little frightened . 
In psych watching a boooring documentary . I'm sooo itchy y must I b allergic to my body wash ??? I feel so disgusting :( 
Funny how we say well cross that bridge when you get there . But often the bridges that change you the most are the ones you didn't realise you crossed until after you have crossed it .. 
Got a 6+ on my first essay in Degroff . i will definately take it with out any complaints :D 
GO BIG RED !!! 
found my wallet !!! got to drive to and from cal city and then from tehachapi to cal city :) stayed under 90 this time not by much .. but still improvement ( legally anyway ) 
needs a break from reality .. 
is sunburned . 
Football game =D 
In the past week or so i have : Literally almost had a heartattack , went to a horse show , gave up caffeine , gave up on giving up caffeine , stressed over a AP bio test , stressed in gerneral , proly failed an AP bio test , went to the homecoming game n laughed A LOT went to the exhibition show and now today ive gotten all 91 AP psych vocab words down ! wow i think i need a vacation 
needs to learn how to breathe and not stress so much 
Is starting to get really excited for the silent day ! :) 
Tomorrow i will be silent for all of those who never were given a voice . Tomorrow i will stand up for the victims of a genocide . and a genocide that continues to grow . Tomorrow i will be reduceded to not uttering one word so that people may think twice before the murder another child . Tomorrow 4000 hearts will stop beating due to an abortion . Abortion is homicide . 
The past two days have been very very very happy :) 
Im not gunna lie my life is absolutely beautiful . but i am absolutely crazy for taking AP classes while working at fright fest being in Marching Band Mock Trial and a Play . oh did i mention i try to keep up with family stuff and have a social life ? oh wel like i said my life is beautiful . i havent been this happy in quite few months 
YAY !! 4 DAY WEEKEND :D !!!!! too bad im so busy i dont truly have a weekend at all 
no mock trial practice = I get to see my house before 9 tonight :) 
GOT MY LISCENCE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FIRST TRY ONLY MISSED 3 POINTS WOOOO WHOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
GOING TO SEE < PROPMALE > POTTER AT THE 12:03 SHOWING WITH < PROPFEMALE > Moss TONIGHT !!!! 
Watching the most biased football game of my life . I would like to kill three refs right now 
is confused on what day of the week it is .. vacation seems to do that to me .. well im just glad that i still have a few days till i gotta go back to my crazy hectic schedule 
I would just like to ask < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wells and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Baker Aphrasha can you handle this ? Bon Quiqua Quiqua can you handle this ? Shundanday can you handle this ? < PROPFIRST > dont think you can handle this ! 
Happy Turkey Day :) 
Okay < PROPFEMALE > the psych presentation its okay if i go over lik a < PROPFEMALE > right ? its just if its lik 10 < PROPFEMALE > or more that its no beuno 
is sick to my stomach .. yay school work .. 
my bibliography is eating me alive !... 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Park 
Looking for a new phone . Any suggestions ? ps i have verizon 
Okay i made things right with my dad got my keys back and have one final tomorrow and its a skit ! also found the mysterious vanishing costumes i thought i lost !!! Yay !!! Today started off as a completely horrible day and ended real real good :) 
fml today will suck so much ! 
I dont know what to put other than TGIF 
Gotta love how christmas < PROPFEMALE > = Steak dinner :) i love meat ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
A fun filled day beginning with my little sister waking me up early , followed by presents cinammon rolls a trip to cal city for some family time . Throw in a lot of food , christmas/present innduendos , bathroom/gaseous jokes , underwear everywhere and a TON of laughter and thant was my Christmas . All thats left to say is < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night :) 
i think its time for a new profile pic .. instead of doing an old one again 
Trying to learn my lines ! ugh .. 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MOMMY :D its snowing and to celebrate the snow and her birthday our family went into the spa in the snow !!!! woo whooo :D 
Okay time to get all the work done so i can enjooy the rest of my break . 70 questions for AP bio and a book for degroff . Here i come 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson . Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Over halfway done with my AP Bio homework ! Too bad I still have 32 questions to answer :/ oh well , at least I have a new Droid incredible to post this :) 
I have completed AP Biology home work . Praise Jesus :) 
\Spring time for Hitler and Germany\ " gotta love watching the producers @ midnight :) " 
Is trying to find an audition song for sound of music audition tomorrow 
Day started pretty good then wad absolutely horrible , but ended beautifully :) Gnite world :) 
Feels like Friday ... but Thursday will do 
Got called a \beautiful hoochie\ " today gotta love dress rehearsals ! Jordann Skeen " 
My phone reported itself ... I lost all my contacts apps everything . Txt me your number 
\I just wish we could all get along like in middle school . I wish I could just bake a cake out of rainbows and smileys \"" 
Mahan and Miller's Magnificent Morning in the Mustang Memorizing Math and applying Mascara !!! :) 
Cleaned my room today ! Yay :) lol now its off to beddy bye time . Good night :) 
First day of shows good times :) 
Thank you to everyone who helped me out and comforted me , I truly appreciate it :) thanks so much 
I just compared whiskey to nyquill ... yeah tht totally makes sense 
Just got home after Guys and Dolls as Miss Adelaide :) Thank you so much to everyone who came !!! To some it up tonight was good for the soul ! 
And the curtain has fallen for the last time . 
Wishes to sleep 
My profile has been overtaken by guys and dolls pic lol 
Just learned the salsa lol :) had so much fun ! 
1704 
i definately spent like 2 hours just talking to mrs degroff after school today . lol got home at 5 , 2 hours spent well i believe :) 
Just got home from seeing I am number four with my sister . The movie is good and main character is sexy ! 
My girls n I be sexy in our stripes . Operation Prego My Ego was successful !! Gotta love my girls and our boys :) love y'all!! 
Finally finished with my day after finishing hw , celebatory mock trial dinnet , mock trial competition , celebratory coldstones , sissy's talent show n school !! 
It seems to me that my new hair is a hit ! :) 
Thank you to everyone who has complimented me today !! :) 
Is ready for a new day to begin , so good night 
Sleep !! Good job mock trial ! Now good night 
Is going to see Beastly with Sissy !!! That man is sexy ! 
Chipotle with the BS !! 
Has been at mock trial practice for 3 and a half hours and still counting 
Happy Mardi Gras !!!!! 
Just sat on a thumb tack didn't know whether to cry or laugh .. 
Eating breakfast before the SAT 
At ballroom competition , go sissy !!! 
officially has wifi :) yay ! 
i think people like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Millar and i are really cool .. 
Just finished all her biology homework !! FINALLY :D 
OOOHHH MYY GOOOOSHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! GLLLEEEEE TONIGHT IS INTENSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
To all the band kids who are in New York : Have fun !, Don't get in too much trouble but most importantly : Make Memories :D See you guys soon :D 
I think today was a strange day . Our group did a lot of strange things . Probably one of the funniest days this year . 
Good bye school ! Hello Spring Break !!!!!!!! 
is going retail therapy shopping :D 
Got a new pair of heels :D 
is watching Veggie Tales on the netflix we signed up for TODAY !!! :D 
loves netflix 
loves male dancers ;) 
is going to have a fabulous time with The Blonde and The Brunette :D Yep , its a Blonde Brunette and a Redhead kind of night !!!! Cant wait to see my girls :D 
Just conceived a food baby with my beautiful blonde and brunette at green house :) 
We be vicious eating that chocolate ice cream !! Y'all better watch out !! 
should be writting an essay ..... buuut reallly isn't going to . 
To < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :) 
A fabulous shopping spree with the fam on a mini vaca in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
first S of M practice tomorrow :) 
Finshed her homework before sunday night :D 
Watching this old movie with my rents , its great !! 
\Boy : You dont love you the way i love you \ 
is going to go finish redecorating her binder , then bake a cake :D 
has 2 C's 2 B's and 2 A's .... i think it is time to get myself in check ... off too do a few hours of homework .. wish me luck :/ 
VOTE < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > AND < PROPFIRST > DUITSMAN FOR 2011 PROM COURT !!!!!! 
Finally baked that cake last night , and let me tell you -- it is YUMMY !!! 
You know you have spent your half day well when you spent it taking a nap :) 
what kind of world do we live in !?!? Where a man can take another man's battle ostritch !!!!!!!! ~ Big Bang Theory , Mr. i mean , Dr. < PROPMALE > Cooper ! :) 
Has officially finished One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest :D 
< PROPFEMALE > i just want all of the kids i have been researching . They are all < PROPFEMALE > cute ! How do I pick just one ? 
... Omgosh .. I just found out there is a Klingon Language Institute ... 
l found my kid ! oh and Kaite Shreves i know how you feel .. i got kicked off twice . Once on my home computer and once on my laptop ! 
