I have to do a paper on the market for baseball equipment in Russia . What in the world ? 

Everything happens for a reason , but the reasons are not always clear . 
Ok Answer Center needs to find something better to do then take quizes all day long !!!!!!! 
Some people just take things a little too far sometimes , thinking they are funny and they are NOT !! 
I now rid myself of dumb ass bitches who don't want to listen and wait till they are in trouble to call me . 
ok wait a minute .... why am I suddenly feeling my age ? 
Ok I am taking a deep breath and counting to 10 . I might need to count to 50 . 
Well I am still counting !! I started counting at 11 something last night . Its obviously not working !! Can't I just go smack a bitch upside the head ? 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . 
Chasing a mouse around mom's house . LoL 
So I have this friend who is dating 2 people , he can talk to me and even < PROPFEMALE > out with me no problem when he is dating one , but with the other one he cannot talk to me or even seem like he has anything to do with me . Is that a best friend or a fairweather friend ? 
is really sick , taking nyquil and going to bed . :-( 
for all my friends who have young children , or even ( shhhh ) grandkids , you can call < PROPFEMALE > at this number 757-498-2998 and have the kids leave a voicemail telling < PROPFEMALE > what they want for christmas , 
likes that the people I work with are so caring and worry about me and know something is wrong when I am not there for a few days . Now does anyone have a miracle cure for a 3 day migraine so I can get my ass back to work ? 
Even though I didn't make it to < PROPFEMALE > to see my little angel I am still having a great Chritmas and hope everyone else is also . Have lots of fun !!! Be safe !!! 
Ok this time I did NOT lose my sanity , someone took the shit from me . What could I be thinking ? 
A hard-on does NOT count as personal growth !! 
White 
Lately I have been feeling like i am missing one very important voice . Maybe its seeing some old faces but for some reason I can't seem to stop thinking about her and the time I missed . She was my best friend and sister for so many years and I wasn't there when I should have been . Those who didn't know her missed someone truly amazing . Not looking for pity , just feeling sad these days . I miss JoLynne !! 
9 inches : ( 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree 
is not recommended for the faint of heart , weak of Spirit or for those with lack of common sense . Batteries not required . * May contain sarcasm * 
love me without fear , trust me without wondering , love me without restrictions , want me without demand , accept me how i am 
some people are bitches , some people are bastards , some people are dumb asses . it baffles the hell out of me why some people try so hard to be all 3 ... 
~*~* DRAMA FREE ZONE *~*~ Please keep your drama inside your head at all times when entering my profile . - Management 
Will pay handsomely for the vaccine to protect against stupidity and ignorance . 
is temporarily out of order . Please try again in the morning . 
once upon a time my life was perfect , then my alarm went off and I realized it was time to get my ass out of bed and go to work again !! 
has decided to move to an alternate reality where there are no idiots . Anyone want to go with me ? 
cleaning out the sleletins in my closet . God they are ugly . 
wishes life was like an etchasketch .. u shake it and u can start again ! 
thinks some people wake up and eat a massive bowl of stupid for breakfast everyday 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults , copy and paste this to your status !! *** thanks < PROPFIRST > *** 
I guess Common Sense is just to expensive for most people these days ? 
had a brief but terrifying bout of sanity , but everything is back to normal now . 
Ok sooooo .... there is snow on the ground in va beach , a very rare thing , which means the level of stupidity has risen about 50% . 
Has P.M.A ( Positive Mental Attitude ) . I'm positive I'm mental and I know I have attitude ! 
just found out my knight in shining armor was really just a jerk wrapped in aluminum foil ! 
When life gives you lemons ; buy some vodka , make lemon drops , and get completely wasted ! 
Quality of the people in your life , no matter how small the number , is far richer than sheer Quantity of people who mean nothing . 
some people come into our lives and never leave an imprint . and some come into our lives and leave a lasting impression that we never forget . 
The steeper the mountain , the harder the climb , the better the view from the finishing line . 
Had the most amazing evening renewing an old friendship !! 
is feeling on top of the world today ! Anyone want a hand up here , The view is amazing and There's plenty of room !?! 
believes your friends are the fruitcake of life - some nutty , some soaked in alcohol , some firm , some sweet but together , great to have in your life ! 
amazed that sometimes it takes a new friend or complete stranger to help you see things more clearly 
I am so on top of the world . My baby is so good to me . Can't wait to see him tonight !!. Hurry up and get here baby !! 
For true happiness always finish whatever you start . I did , the Bacardi , the vodka , the wine , the half bottle of blue pills , the rum and twix , I feel FANTASTIC ! 
Smile ~ it increases your face value . Pray ~ it increases your FAITH value . 
believes stupidity is a plague that has taken over the world + believe its my responsibility to free the universe of said stupidity by choking 1 moron at a time 
We should all believe in something , I believe it's time for a Shot of VODKA . 
i swear i once tried to be normal but it just didn't agree with me ! 
you can't change the past but u can influence the future ... remember happiness is a journey , not a destination . 
Women fake orgasms for the sake of their relationship . Men fake relationships in order to get an orgasm 
is at a crossroads . I look left , then right , then forward . One thing's for sure , I'll never look back ! 
Who says women don't like simple , cheap things .. we like guys don't we ? 
If they can send one man to the < PROPFEMALE > , why can't they send them ALL ? 
what do you call a man who's gagged and tied to the bed ? Trustworthy 
I wonder why women are allowed to keep men in their homes when possession of dope is illegal 
The color of your bra made the news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of the Free ... 
guys , now seriously , DID YOUR MOTHER NEVER TEACH YOU ANYTHING : - don't play games with a BITCH that can play them better 
Men should come with a best before date stamped on their ass . 
Life's too short to wake up with regrets . Love the people who treat you right and pray for the ones who don't . Believe there's a reason for everything that happens . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands and if it changes your life , LET IT . No one said life would be easy . 
Watch my house Bitch , see that cop car , they looking for your stupid ass 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : lovable . 6 : Club head . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Pretty . 18 : Boyfriend/Girlfr ... iend Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best 
screw jumping over life's hurdles , I'm going to smash them , I'll leave the course so trashed life can't pull that shit on anyone else again . 
Fact of life ... After Monday & Tuesday , even the calendar says W T F !! 
sometimes you just want to believe in someone , it is time , I accepted I only need to believe in myself and how I feel ... 
i feel like my brain is a super highway for my thoughts and some idiot forgot to paint the lines on the road ... it's chaos !! 
wonders why there are no painkillers for emotional pain ?!? 
the financial situation at the moment is so bad that women are now marrying for love :) 
3 facts about life : 1 You can't touch all your teeth with your tongue . 2 Your retarded cause you just tried it . 3 Now your smiling cause you didn't read the whole statment before you tried it . 
Why is it when you press \1 for English\ " you can't understand the next person on the phone because of their accent . " 
I need to start walking in squares , cause going round and round is really starting to piss me off 
' The irony of a blowjob ... although you've got the woman kneeling at your feet , They've still got you by the balls!' 
I am sick of living my own Lifetime Original Movie . I'd rather be in some Disney film with talking animals ! 
there are certain things you just do not do ... stealing batteries out of a vibrator would be one of those things ! 
Sometimes it's healthy to put your headphones on and turn the music up loud enough you can't hear yourself think . 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness . They aren't looking for a cure , only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't paste this . Will you be the 7% that will leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Special Education Week : Mar . 22-26 
A picture may speak a thousand words but there are times in life when a few well-chosen words can say volumes and move mountains . 
is entertained by the fact that some people could win fucking Oscars for their performances ... 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom and love her dearly ... Love you Mom ... :) 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ?? 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you . I WANT EVERYONE ON MY FRIENDS LIST TO COMMENT ON THIS STATUS STATING HOW WE MET . I mean our first encounter ever . Then copy and paste this as your own status and see what kind of results you get 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL . I make mistakes , im forgetful , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status . Tal-lisha dared me !! 
Some days I really wish < PROPFEMALE > was instantaneous ... 
I am really glad I don't work the day shift right now ..... 
??????? 
OMG .... i am in so much pain right now ... my back has decided to take the day off without warning me or asking if need it today ..... hello ... this sucks !! 
so , after my back took the day off I decided to try and get it back on schedule and went to the dr , seems as if I managed to slip a disc while i was getting dressed . Only me 
is wondering ... if it takes balls to tell the truth than how come the majority of pathological liars I know are men 
Sometimes I sit and ponder how void and meaningless my life seems to be and wonder if maybe I need a man in my life ... then I realize I forgot my meds ! 
What do you have when you have two balls in your hands ?...... A man's undivided attention . :-P 
is trying to think of a way to express herself without breaking thing's or breaking someone in half ! 
Ladies ; it's great to want your man , even better to love your man ... but never EVER need a man ! 
your benefits have been revoked !! game over 
it just doesn't matter if the glass is half full or half empty . There is\ 
clearly room for more vodka either way .. right Tal-lisha ? 
I like it on the kitchen counter as soon as I get in the door . 
Good Morning everyone and thank you all for the birthday wishes !! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs asmack in the head . People who need a smack in the head affect the livesof many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smackin the head , except a smack in the head , but we can raise awareness 
My baby is so sweet , bought me a car and brought me the title for my birthday !!! I'm a lucky girl !! 
About to go postal on DMV . Jump through hoops on fire , run around the building backwards naked , give up all my money and my 1st born , still not enough , WTF ??? 
ugh ! is it ASSHOLE DAY and no one told me ?! 
WARNING !!! As of tomorrow , Facebook will\ 
creep into your bathroom when you're in the shower and fondle your bum\ 
and pinch your nipples , To change this option , go to Privacy Settings\ 
> Personal Settings > Bathroom Settings > Bum fondling and\ 
nipple pinching Settings and uncheck the Shenanigans box . Facebook kept\ 
this one quiet . Please copy and paste on your status 
DRAMA FREE ZONE : Violators will be bitch-slapped 
if I came with a WARNING label what would it say ? ( copy and post this on your status and see what warnings you get ) 
going to the beach with Beana !! Hope everyone has a fun and safe holiday !! 
Had a great day at the beach with friends , totally exhausted and gott go to the < PROPFEMALE>'s after work . Stay safe out there tonight , people are nutz . 
I've got a brand new attitude and I think I am going to wear it today 
< PROPFEMALE > M Salon & Spa ... 400 Laskin Rd VB ,.... 757-962-7488 ... This place is fabulous !! For my friends that live here at the beach , you have got to go pamper yourself for a day .. or two or three =) .... seriously , the staff is fantastic , friendly .. super sweet ... helpful ... makes you feel they are truly there just for YOU !! I am feeling like a million bucks thanks to the help of < PROPFEMALE > M Salon & Spa 
I am a really blessed and lucky woman . I have some really awesome and amazing people in my life . Thank you 
had an awesome day with my silly little girl today !!! 
Had the BEST vacation !! What an amazing little girl I have !! 
I am the happiest girl in the world !! I pray that everyone can be as happy as I am right now . Everyone deserves this !! Right Tal-lisha ? You know ..... LoL !!! 
There comes a\ 
time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the\ 
people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make \ 
youlaugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . \ 
After all life is too short to be anything but happy . 
is loving the AWWWWWWWWWWWWWW moments in life . It really is the little things ! 
When things get bad , remember one thing : It could be a lot worse ! So count your blessings , not your burdens . 
At some point in our lives , a person comes along that gently dismantles our walls . And sometimes , that same person is the reason you will build them back up . 
What happens when it's time to let go of something you can't live \ 
without ? 
is done caring , done sharing , done loving , and has put back up the walls\ 
around her heart , so leave a message and I'll get back to you . 
I think I am going to get a tattoo today . At least its pain I can enjoy . 
when dealing with difficult people , remember you can't control their actions , only your own reactions to them . 
Snobby girls comefrom New York , sweet girls come from \ 
Alabama , but we Pennsylvania girls have fire and ice in our blood ... \ 
We can ride fourwheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks , and drink \ 
with the boys .... and if we have an opinion , you know you're gonna \ 
hear it .... Re-post if ...... you're a true ............ PA GIRL ! 
Sometimes help and understanding comes from the least expected place . I am blessed everyday by the people I chose to have in my life . 
The secret of contentment is in knowing how to enjoy and be satisfied with what you have and being able to lose all < PROPFEMALE > for things you do not have . 
burnt to a crisp today , but no where I'd rather be then the beach !! Gotta go drink some to numb the burn , tonight is gonna be rough 
ok so apparently when I briefly turned off my facebook account last week I lost some friends in the process , I did not delete anyone so if I am missing you I am sorry 
I swear I removed the stupid tattoo from my forehead . Yet some people still take my kindness for stupidity .... \ 
All these words they make no sense\ 
I find bliss in ignorance\ 
Less I hear the less you'll say\ 
You'll find that out anyway 
All changes , even the most longed for , have their melancholy ; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves ; we must die to one life before we can enter another 
I'm looking out for me , \ 
\ 
Taking care of my needs . \ 
Life isn't guranteed , \ 
It's time to start living . \ 
It wont always be the same , \ 
Can't be afraid of change . 
I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest ... Nor do I have the perfect body .. I might not be your first choice ... But I am a GREAT choice .. I don't pretend to be someone else .. Cause I am too GOOD at being ME .. I might not be proud of some of the things I've done ... But I am proud of who I am today .. Take me as I am .. or watch me as I go ! DEUCES !!!! 
Everyone is entitled to be stupid , but some abuse the privilege . 
So I had a job fall through which really bites but going for another interview this morning for a job I would really like to have .... so I am asking all my friends to wish me luck this morning .. thanx ... Love you !! 
Its\ 
best friend week ! If you have a best friend who has made you laugh , \ 
wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , \ 
cheered you on , and more than anything kept you strong . Paste this in \ 
your status ! 
ATTN : Stupid is contagious ... please stop breathing on me ! 
What happens when it's time to let go of something you can't live without ? 
I say what I want\ 
to say and do what I want to do . Theres no in between . People will \ 
either love you for it or hate you for it . 
never mistake my caring soul and loving personality for stupidity and weakness . 
is coming to the conclusion that Mondays last 50% longer than the other \ 
days 
The answer to life is ( zip-ties and ductape ) 
So if I get poked on Facebook before I go to bed , is that a good thing ? 
Every day a new deception\ 
Pick your scene and take direction\ 
And on and on I search to connect\ 
But I don't wear a mask and I have no regrets 
a boy asked a girl \why do you wear a bra if you don't have anything to put in it ? \ " she replies \ " you wear pants don't you ? \"" 
Going to spend the day with 2 of my favorite kids ( that arent actually mine by birth lol ) and their crazy ass parents !! Gonna be a great day !! And an even better night just relaxing !! 
is not recommended for the faint of heart , weak of Spirit or for those \ 
with lack of common sense . Batteries not required May contain sarcasm 
If you have a Mom who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your Mom ! Love you Momma ? 
its not about the number of breaths you take\ 
its all about the things that take your breath away 
<- \WARNING ! \ " Contents under pressure and may explode in an array of colorful expletives ! " 
ATTENTION ... somebody just hit my \bitch switch\ " on ... please move to a safe distance immediately ... this is NOT a test !! " 
says sometimes you need a second < PROPMALE > ... because you weren't quite ready for the first 
They have treatment centers for drug addicts and alcoholics ... they \ 
really should have one for people addicted to being an asshole .. 
Bozone layer - The substance surrounding stupid people that stops bright ideas from penetrating . 
what doesn't kill us , only makes us more psychotic 
was having a great day yesterday , then some prick had to go and spoil it 
ciggies ? check ! vodka ? check ! full loaded gun ? check ! now where did that bastard go ... come out come out where ever you are 
Don't make someone a priority in your life , when all your are to them is an option . 
slap on this fake smile , throw on some innocent eyes , slip into some I'm\ 
doing nothing attitude . . . and prepare to show how revenge can be a \ 
bitch 
Fuckadoodledoo !! 
It takes thirty-seven muscles to frown , thirteen to smile , but only four to bitch-slap the person in the head ! 
The eyes will see what you want to see and the ears will hear what you want to hear but the heart feels what is real :~} 
Some prices are just too high , no matter how much you may want the prize . \ 
The one thing you can't trade for your heart's < PROPFEMALE > is your heart . 
What do you do if you look out your window and you see your ex bloody and screaming .. you reload .. and aim .. VERY carefully !! 
Ahhh ... first dates make me so freaking nervous . But here's hoping this one isnt a tool like the last one . 
Had an even better 2nd date !!! 
happiness sometimes just happens and if you don't take the risk you will never know what you could of had :o ) 
Please Lord , help me keep the filter on my mouth today and the gun in the lock box . 
A pharmacy was robbed today , they stole all of the Viagra . The police would like everyone to be on the look out for some hardened criminals . 
Sad day today . Had to put my cat of 20 years down today . She was the best cat I have ever had and the best friend anyone could ever have . She has been with me my whole adult life . Hardest thing I ever had to do was make the choice to take her in . but i could not watch her in pain . R.I.P , Squeekie Stockholm !!! My heart is broken and you are already missed !! 
Sometimes the only sane answer to an insane world is insanity 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! Do not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on FoxNews at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe !! **** now I have no idea if this is real or not but I figured I would re-post it just in case . Take it for what its worth **** " 
Oh Monday . Why do you have to come so fast ? You remind me too much of my exes . 
Yes i'm bilingual .... oh wait .... does being fluent in sarcasm count as a second language ? 
Sarcasm , it's not for everyone , some people are just not that bright !! 
is explosive , do not drop , shake , rattle , or roll . Keep this side up , do not puncture , and handle with caution . 
has a bottle of crazy stashed away and I'm not afraid to use it ! 
if only you could delete people from your memory like you can delete them from your friends list 
Friendship is like fabric . Once it's torn , the bond will never be the same again . This bridge is burned !! 
There comes a time in life when little things really don't matter anymore . You realize life is too short , and you stop wasting your time maintaining grudges . 
Has anyone ever had a serial poker on here ? lol , or would I call him a stalking poker ? lmao ... well i got one and he's the best stalker ever !! Thanks Huck !! 
Wow , I cannot believe I have gotten my < PROPFEMALE > back !! God has been good to me , bringing back some important people to my life . And adding a few lately too . Turning 40 was actually a good milestone in my life . I am a very happy person today and absolutely blessed !! 
Yay , the weekend is officially over . That means my < PROPFEMALE > will be home soon !! Its been a long damn week . 
is currently unsupervised 
is in the mood to create absolute mayhem !! 
is feeling naughty and mischievous 
is tangled in her own confused little world where doubts have taken over ... 
is in a sarcastic frame of mind mixed with aggression with a little bit of annoyance today . 
was going about her everyday life , when someone walked in who makes her smile , makes her heart skip a beat , makes her all around Happy ! 
NEW VIRUS ON FB using your pictures . It says you have been tagged in a picture , wants you to click on a link to see it , then hacks into your computer & all your accounts , including banking & other secure accounts . It destroys your computer . Once hacked into your computer , it ... sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been tagged in pictures & starts the process again . PLEASE RE-POST URGENT ? 
miserable rainy day , getting no reception on my phone , waiting for my < PROPFEMALE > to get home from work , hope it stops raining by tomorrow at least , I got lots to do tomorrow 
Had a great night with my < PROPFEMALE > , and an even better morning . For someone who doesnt like early mornings , I've been getting up with no problem and no complaints with him at 0'dark 30 and loving it !! Tonight is going to be even better cause we dont have to get up early tomorrow , we are going out tonight , and I have an old childhood friend coming to town today . Cannot wait to see her !!! 
going to the beach to watch my < PROPFEMALE > surf . Later i get to watch him give a tat to someone & then hopefully get started on my ink today . gonna be a good day . Gotta get over being sick cause i miss seeing my bestie & her family . 
Gonna be a good day . Got up early to make my < PROPFEMALE > a good breakfast before he went to work and now I gotta so finish packing so I can finish with moving . Although I must say , i really HATE moving damn it !! LoL 
Ok , all moved now . Sore as hell and lots of aches and pains but everything is moved so now I just have to put things together so I dont annoy the < PROPFEMALE > lol 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never ? the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , & they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy but u will ALWAYS luv them . Re-post ... if you have at least 1 of these friends !! 
If you miss someone everyday even though they are only away from you for a few hours and your heart smiles every time you see them this means your falling for them so take a < PROPMALE > and don't loose them ! 
I speak sarcasm very fluently ... it's not my fault that you need an interpreter ! 
I'm starting to worry that the thoughts in my head are gonna start coming out of my mouth ! 
Duty makes us do things well , but love makes us do them beautifully . 
So there is this company that when they hire you they say that if your quit or get fired in the 1st 15 days you will NOT get paid for the time you have worked . Has anyone heard of such a thing ? Well after many hours on the phone with the dept of Labor , it is illegal . So should I give them time to do the right thing and pay me or should I just file the claim and call it a day ? 
If women are supposed to be delicate flowers why the hell do I feel like a stubborn weed just trying to survive ? 
One way to get kicked out of Wall-mart : When the announcer person comes on , throw everything on the floor , duck down , and scream\THE VOICES ! THEY\ " RE BACK !! \"" 
Life's like poker . You bet on something worthless & win or you don't bet on something good & lose . True skill is knowing when to play & when to walk away . 
Sometimes those things that scare us the most are also the ones that have the potential to make us the happiest . 
redbull 
To be successful , you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish , then resolve to pay the price to get it . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all the people who make my life special ? if I have known you for life or just a short while i couldn't live without you :) luv you all xoxo 
I am so happy , my < PROPFEMALE > is home after being gone for a week . Maybe now i can get some sleep . PS : wake up DeeJ 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Re-post if you agree . 
Age 4 : Mom knows everything ! Age 8 : Mom knows a lot ! Age 12 : Mom really doesn't know everything . Age 14 : Mom doesn't know a thing ! Age 16 : Mom who ? Age 18:That's old school ! Age 25 : Maybe mom knows about this . Age 35 : Let's ask mom before deciding . Age 45 : I wonder what mom would think about this ? Age 75 : I wish I could ask mom about this ! Post this if you have/had the best mom in the world !! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are .? 
Never mistake my silence for stupidity . 
Sweet girls come from the south , barbies come from CA , but < PROPFEMALE > girls have fire and ice in our blood ! We can drive in the snow , handle the cold , beat the heat , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a right hook and drink with the boys ! We can cook a wicked good meal ( on a good day ) and if we have an opinion ... You bet your Ass you're gonna ... a hear it !!! - repost if you're a Pennsylvania girl ! \ " , 2011-01-19 13:26:49 " 
It has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They ...... understand that life is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them\ Re-post if you have @ least 1 of these friends " 
Who actually knows me . Lmao !! Bet no one can answer all these questions right . My first name _______ my middle name________ my last name_______ my birthday___________ Eye Color_________ Hair Color________ My favorite Color________ Two best Friends_________ And the one person I want to be with right now . ________ See how many people can get these right . LoL .. 
Whatever you give to a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given . So if you give her crap ....... be ready to receive a ton of shit !!!!... Real women keep this going !!!! 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't repost this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thank you for your help 
My < PROPFEMALE > has a surprise in store for me tonight . Dont know what yet but he told me to get ready and wont tell me where we are going . LoL At least he told me to get ready . He knows I'd kill him if he didnt fair warn me to make myself presentable . I'm excited though , its been AWHILE since we have done anything just the 2 of us !! Maybe my romantic guy is still in there , just went into hibernation for awhile , lol 
awesome dinner at smokey bones with my < PROPFEMALE > , my bestie beana & her hubby , and my < PROPFEMALE > `s bestie & his wife . off to the movies shortly . 2 nights in a row . im getting spoiled 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh ... Stuck up for you ... Drove you crazy .... Got mad at you ... Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Had your back .... ready to fight the person who ticked you off .... and .... all these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without his friendship ... Paste this to your status and see if he knows who he is !!! 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? \ 
It's Daughters Week ! If you have a beautiful Daughter that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? 
No car again but its ok , I needed to stay home for awhile . Especially after seeing how happy my < PROPFEMALE > was to see me home when he got home . Had a great day fishing with him and now going to curl on the couch and relax for the evening . Night everyone 
Great day fishing with my < PROPFEMALE > and his son again , caught me a catfish , Yay ! Got lots to do tomorrow to get everything ready for his surprise party . And for living at the beach , what a pain in the ass to find someone who could make a surfer theme cake . Can't wait till tomorrow night . 
I had thought that when I got clean I had learned to pick my friends better . Apparently my bullshit and drama meter must have been broken for awhile . Thats what I get for thinking again . ;) 
The surprise birthday party for the < PROPFEMALE > went off without a hitch ! Had an amazing evening with him and our friends !! Now its time to send the kid to bed and cuddle on the couch and act like teenagers and make out . I am so incredibly happy right now , I feel like I am on a cloud . I wish everyone this kind of happiness because it truly is wonderful and so is my < PROPFEMALE > !! 
And it just keeps getting better and better !!!! 
I love how fucking people always seem to think that I am on their time . Just once I want someone to do what they say they are going to do and mean what the fuck they say . Guess that is just too much to ask for . Still can't burst my bubble right now though lol . < PROPMALE > has me smiling from all the way deep inside . I think my belly-button is even smiling , lmao . 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Hold up people . I did NOT send those links to anyone about the girl being expelled . Do not open !! 
My mom has made me laugh ... Wiped my tears ... Hugged me tight ... Watched me succeed ... Seen me fall ... Cheered me on ... Kept me going strong ... And ... Drove me a little crazy at times ... But moms are a promise from GOD that you will have a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have a wonderful mom . I love you , Mom ! ? 
F.R.I.E.N.D.S. : ( F)ight for you . ( R)espect you . ( I)nvolve you . ( E)ncourage you . ( N)eed you . ( D)eserve you and ( S)tand by you . Post this if you Agree 
So my mom has indignantly protested ever having the need to text anyone has just today stepped into the world of texting 
OMG , my < PROPFEMALE > found me , I am so freaking happy . This is what I have been missing for a long time !!! Now she just needs to call me so I can be sure its real !! lol 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
GOVERNMENT ANNOUNCEMENT : The government announced today that it is changing its emblem to a condom because it more clearly reflects the government's political stance . A condom stands up to inflation , halts production , destroys the next generation , protects a bunch of pricks , and gives you a sense of security while it's actually screwing you . \ 
this ones for you SH !!! lol 
I cannot take it anymore !!! If I keep bottling shit up I am gonna explode and its not gonna be pretty . I feel the need to disappear for awhile again . Course last time I did that most did not hear or see me for 20 years . I think I am talking myself into it . 
Why do they sell bras at Walmart ? I seem to be the only person wearing one when I'm in the store ! 
is currently taking applications for an evil minion . Must be fluent in Sarcasm and have a creative evil minion name . Please list your name and proof of sarcasm . 
There's a storm coming , and it's raining secrets and lies . 
If your man wont give you compliments another man will :) 
When you have to wonder where you ' stand ' with someone , it's time to wonder if you're actually standing in the right place . 
Is trying to be as patient as possible and letting things work out on their own but it's got my stomach all twisted in knots because I just don't know ... have I focused so hard on what I WANTED that I lost sight of what I DESERVED ? 
Out of the mouths of babes . I love my boyfriend's kids !! They are awesome . I got to talk to lil man < PROPFIRST > jr tonight and he made my night . So love him !!! 
I'm spinning in circles so damn fast I have no idea what direction I'll be facing when I stop 
You ever love somebody so much\ 
You can barely breathe\ 
When you're with them\ 
You meet\ 
And neither one of you\ 
Even know what hit ' em\ 
Got that warm fuzzy feeling\ 
Yeah them chills\ 
Used to get ' em\ 
Now you're getting fucking sick\ 
Of looking at ' em 
You can't break the broken ! 
When I look at you . I kind of want to ... well slap you . Hard . 
Before I go to sleep , i'm gonna start imaging things I would like to happen .... hehehe 
I'm often underestimated because people see me as a nice quiet person , be warned keep pushing and you will see the other side of me ! 
House and cat sitting for my mom , one day in and I've had to ground the cat . 
Copy and paste this if you know someone or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? ? For crap's sake , don't forget the hearts ? ? ? ? 
White russians for dinner tonight . Could be an interesting evening . 
<-- this individual is armed with a quick wit , exceptional vocabulary skills , more than a little sarcasm and little to no tact or filters . Caution is advised 
Things are definitely looking up !! My < PROPFEMALE > seems to have opened his eyes without me having to blow my stack . Imagine that . The last few days have been great and I'm a happy girl again !! Praying it stays this way !! 
People are often unreasonable and self-centered . Forgive them anyway . If you are kind , people may accuse you of ulterior motives . Be kind anyway . If you are honest , people may cheat you . Be honest anyway . If you find happiness , people may be jealous . Be happy anyway . The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow . Do good anyway . Give the world the best you have and it may never be enough . Give your best anyway . 
Why We Fight MS\ 
Having multiple sclerosis means that you may not be able to walk when you wake up . Or that you may suddenly have impaired vision . Or that your memory will fail you for no apparent reason . The symptoms of MS are different , and devastating , for everyone - the only certainty is that it will affect yet another person every hour of every day . 
Why I Walk\ 
I've registered for walk MS because I want to do something for the people who have been diagnosed - and because I want to do everything to prevent more people from learning what it means to live with this disease . Today , there is no cure for multiple sclerosis , and with a diagnosis occurring most frequently between the ages of 20 and 50 , many individuals face a lifetime filled with unpredictability . 
Why You Should Sponsor Me\ 
The National MS Society will use funds collected from walk MS to not only support research for a cure tomorrow , but also to provide programs which address the needs of people living with MS today . Because we choose to walk for those who sometimes can't , because we choose to donate to walk MS , we are getting closer to the hour when no one will have to hear the words , \You have MS . \"" 
One step closer to the edge ...... 
I really don't want to feel this !! 
THIS IS BS !!! While members of Congress and the Senate will be sleeping tonight , at midnight a Soldier defending our nation overseas will stop receiving a paycheck until further notice . We give money to Haiti , Japan , and anyone else that needs it ....... except for our heroes ! This country , and its leaders , need to get their priorities right ! REPOST PLEASE 
I'm really really really druck . I wanna kiss a girl and like it 
Kiki ...... see 
Holy Hell batman , I think I am still drunk 
I might be a girl , but if I had balls , they would be bigger than yours . 
Just when life gets good it slaps you in the face 
feeling a little lonely , a little pressured , a little annoyed , a little sad , a little lost and just doesn't want any more drama . I've had all I can handle for a while . 
just realized .... We sit and stare at a screen ... We talk to ourselves .... We have imaginary friends and farms , cities and fake animals ... we cook imaginary food in imaginary bakery's .... We poke people and think its ok ....... we even write on walls .... Think about it .... Facebook is a mental hospital .... and we are all ... patients ..... ... Feel free to steal this .... I just did !... Party in my < PROPMALE > !!! 
Life is all about forgiving and forgetting . Forgiving the ones who are worth it ... and FORGETTING the ones who aren't . 
white russians ... shots of Jack ?... both again ? lets see if I can get drunk this weekend instead of druck .... off to see the wizard ....... 
Life is a test , a series of stages we all go through in order to learn the lessons we need to learn . I can't dictate who goes through what stage and with whom at what time . But what I have learned - When you stop laughing and realize you are the joke .... it's time to take personal inventory . 
Redbox is the best - you can rent DVDs for $1 a night with no membership fees ! You should try it out . If you click on my link and it's your first time renting online , they'll give you a free one-night online rental credit . And I’ll get a free rental each time you rent via my link during the program . http://redbox.tellapal.com/a/clk/lkPKL 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN . ( 1 ) FINE -this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are RIGHT & YOU need to SHUT UP . ( 2 ) NOTHING -means SOMETHING & u need to be WORRIED ( 3 ) GO AHEAD -this is a dare , not permission ... DO NOT DO IT . ( 4 ) WHATEVER -is a woman's way of saying F-YOU . ( 5 ) THAT'S OK -she is thinking long & hard on HOW & WHEN you will pay for your mistake . Re-post if u agree 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! MY GENERATION GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . THEY NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE !!!!!.. 
I'm changing my relationship status to \Out of Order \"." 
never MISTAKE my KINDNESS for WEAKNESS , UNDERSTAND my ABILITY to OVER LOOK THINGS is not IGNORANCE , have no DOUBT , KNOW that when I'VE had ENOUGH ! I'M DONE ! 
UGH !! Thank god spring break is almost over !! 
Make sure you tell those close to you that you love them , you never know how quickly they can be gone and you'll be left in shock wishing they knew just how much they were loved . 
We do not chose who we love .. Love makes that choice for us 
There are moments in life when you wish you could bring someone down from heaven ... and spend the day with them just one more time , kiss them goodnight or hear their voice again . Copy and paste in remembrance of all our loved ones who are not here ... gone ... but ... never forgotten 
< PROPMALE > and my friend < PROPFEMALE > planned a surprise birthday party for me today . It was a surprise cause my birthday isn't for almost 3 weeks 
WARNING : there is a video circulating around Facebook of a BBC video of the killing of Osama Bin Laden , supposedly made by US troops . IT IS A VIRUS !!!!! Spread the news because it's circulating fast !!! 
