is SO proud of my girls !!! they did suck a good job at state . 

had a long day !!! i need a bubble bath . 
is watching Drop Dead < PROPFIRST > !!!! love it : ) 
is loving the sun ! 
hates my phone at the moment ! 
is so excited for this weekend ! 
Had an amazing weekend ! 
is the luckiest girl in the world . :) 
is hanging out with < PROPMALE > :) 
Loves Bubble Baths !!! 
is SO excited for VEGAS !!!!!! 
is not looking forward to school tomorrow ! 
' s back hurts really bad :( 
is over hw already and its only the 2nd week of school 
SO over this week . cant wait for it to be over ! 
is so excited , i just found out im gonna be an AUNTIE !!!! 
my satillite lived !!!! launch was amazing today ! 
so ready for break and the semester to be OVER !!! 
is going to the < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! 
Is SO ready for break ! 
i never thought i would be so happy for it to be 20 degrees outside ! 
is officially on BREAK !!!! 
had a REALLY bad day ! :( 
Just got a new car !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
excited for the < PROPFEMALE > tonight , Girls Night OUT !!!! 
just found out im gonna have a nephew !!!! :) 
is having a horrible night ! 
I close my eyes And , I kiss that frog Each time finding The more boys I meet the more I love my dog ! 
I love bubble baths ! 
just got back from seeing < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ! :) 
got a new phone , i need peoples < PROPFIRST > :) 
Going to the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! i love girls nights :) 
Had a blast and a half at the < PROPFEMALE > :) 
just had a very random night ... but non the less a night to remember ! 
I LOVE the < PROPFEMALE > !!! had so much fun tonight ! :) 
all registered for classes :) 
is ready for summer . I need to get away !!!!! 
The friends I’ve made , the long lost lovers . I wouldn’t be who I am today . If not for those I’ve loved along the way 
Wants it to be friday already . 
Is officially on summer vacation 
got a new laptop !!! so excited :) 
is a proud auntie of baby < PROPMALE > ! 6lbs 12 oz . :) 
My nephew is so cute . i love that little man ! 
is excited for ladies night tomnorrow ! 
Had SO much fun tonight ! 
what a LONG day !!!! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) 
Vegas in 2 days !!!! 
Vegas !!! 
I could really use a hug right about now ! :( 
needs a drink , who wants to go out tonight ? 
HATES guys at the moment ! why are men liers and cheats ? 
wants to do know if i can have a do over ! 
Cant sleep ... have too much on my mind . 
had an amazing night ! :D 
Ladies night tonight ! :) 
I close my eyes . And , I kiss that frog . Each time finding , The more boys I meet the more I love my dog 
going to go see < PROPFIRST > St. Cloud :) 
got to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone who always makes me smile . today was a good day ! 
SO proud of my boys , they did so good at state tonight ! 
Just got my hair done , Love it ! :) 
Meteor Shower tomorrow night , who wants to watch with me ? 
Ladies night and a meteor shower , tonight is gonna be an amazing night :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Tonight ! 
Summer where did you go , im not ready for school yet ! :( 
I LOVE ladies night :) 
so frustrated right now ! 
Had an amazing night :) 
At age 4 : Mom knows everything .. Age 8 : Mom knows a lot .. At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything .. At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything .. At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist .. At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this .. At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom , At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ?.. At 75 : I wish I co ... uld ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have or had the best Mom in the World ! I love my mommy !! 
I LOVE working out ! :) 
I feel like im loosing my way ! 
I'm so happy right now , i could scream ! :) 
So excited for tonight ! 
Not looking forward to this week coming up ! 
SO stressed ! :( 
SO over life at the moment ! 
I need a workout < PROPMALE > , anyone interested ? 
I pray you pass out drunk with your best friend and wake up with his and her tattoos . I pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I'd like to . \ 
Just know wherever you are , near or far , in your house or in your car , wherever you are < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you . 
\God only knows where we would be without Soldiers and Jesus . \"" 
SO over school ... my head hurts :( 
Love my girls ! Had SO much fun tonight !!! 
am i still enough ? 
Hey everyone . Go to gerber.com and vote for my nephew < PROPMALE > please . Find him by searching photos and typing in < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Thanks for your votes ! 
Sangria and a night out with the girls , tonight is gonna be a goodnight ! 
FML !!! 
So excited for < PROPMALE > POTTER !!! 
Cowboy Lounge tomorrow night ! Who is coming ? 
So FRUSTRATED !!! 
Just can't seem to catch a break !! 
So excited for LADIES NIGHT at the < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Here's a # thats is NOT a game >> 5825 . That's how many TROOPS have been KILLED in Iraq & Afghanistan protecting Our way of life . Now THAT's a status I'd like to see on everyone's < PROPFEMALE > . 
Can't catch a break :( 
Lunar Eclipse tonight !!! Who wants to watch ? 
Nothing is better than a Bubble Bath and a Good Book !!! 
?? If your mom is your hero , your best friend , or just the best mom ever . If you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life but you only have one mom ??? ???? I LOVE YOU MOM ! ???. 
Amazing night last night with the girls .... 
I need a break from my life right now !! 
Cant it be ladies night already ? 
I need a drink , What a day I've had !!!! 
