SO tired of double standards and hypocrisy . \Do what I tell you not what I do\ " doesn't fly to well with me . And since none of the f#% @ing fairies I know are magical I guess I gotta fix it myself . " 

It's payday ... got tomorrow off ... and work won't be a sweat box . Yee-haw !!!! 
I took 2 steps forward today ... and ended up 3 steps back . Gotta love it ... 
is chomping at the bit to go see ZombieLand !!! The anticipation is almost painful ... 
I just found out my Umma and Umpa are on facebook !! Funny stuff ... 
BEEP BEEP < PROPMALE > ! They ALL float down here . When you're down here with us , you'll float too ! 
I've found out that the word friend can be used by some to get what they want to hell with the consequences . 
is listenin ' to some country and doing the damn laundry . 
Buttscratcher !!! 
6+ hours in the car with < PROPFIRST > ... Believe it ir not we both survived . Good times ... 
Hot day , disc golf , and friends who play worse then me ... gotta love it . 
So glad I got to see < PROPFIRST > again ! 
Painting the trim ain't as much fun as I make it look . 
Never play circle of death with more then one deck of cards ... [ green around the gills ] 
Being asked to move out , great way to start the day ... 
Crushing butterflies , too scared to let them go ... 
Life's been a bit of a roller coaster lately , but if the highs are as extreme as the lows then I'm cool with that , I'll do my best not to hurl . 
needs to learn when to put the phone down shut the hell up . Drunk texted EVERYONE last night . 
Acts of kindness are the best way I know to try to invite people into my life . Being used is the fastest way to kick people out of my life . Take my hand won't you ? And we'll see where this path may lead . 
When one heart begins to sing others may hear it , others may like it , but only one will know all the words . The heart sings for them . Never let the critics mute the song . 
Gimme that boy with his hair all a mess , sleepy little smile with his head on my chest , that's the you that I like best . 
Trimmed the fat from all the mindless adding of friends I've done over the years . Tired of seeing posts from people I don't know talk about stuff I ain't got nothing to do with . 
I've decided after a day of swimming that I was born to be a pool boy ! 
Still exhausted from yesterday . But was completely worth it . 
has given up on dating . Was a stupid idea anyway . 
Just breathe ... This is going to smart ... 
Everybody knows That the world is full of stupid people Well I got the pistol so I'll keep the Pesos Yeah and that seems fair 
God bless Netflix ... I'm about to watch an all time favorite . ( I'm not British so there's no \u\ " in favorite ) The Dark < PROPFEMALE > duhn duhn duhn ... " 
I want to go swimming again SO badly . 
I got my swimming in , trade off was I hurt my shoulder a bit after a simple dive . Well worth it ... 
Tanning beds were invented because flies have NO F*# ! ING COURTISEY !!! 
To those who have been deleted and leaving me pissy messages or anyone else . To me Facebook is for people who have met FACE to FACE . No need to get upset when someone you ain't never met hits delete . 
< PROPMALE > is right , change is hard . And it ain't a band-aid that can be ripped off quick , but slowly one hair at a time . Dems da breaks ... 
Just bend the pieces ' til they fit , like they were meant for it . 
Good thing the guy in the financial aid dept . was cute , otherwise I'd've had to reach over the counter and choke slam him . < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue I severly lack . 
We got angry ants in the backyard , a bit bitey too . Made mowing interesting . 
Bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored ... 
Reconnecting with old friends and bettering my life , that's what's up . [ Trademark huh huh huh ] 
Oh but how people make me laugh . Life ain't nothin ' but a funny funny riddle ... 
Cold beer and hot dice !! 
I'm exhausted but that damn room is finally clean ! (ish ) 
So if a Christian shoots up a school , or D.C. it's a tragedy , but if a Muslim shoots a Christian then that's terrorism ? 
Beer and Wii , sounds good to me . Yee-haw !! 
Ugh , why do I even bother ? 
It's funny , when texting , you get the last word in by NOT responding . Gotta love the technological age ... 
Humans are creating synthetic life , scares the hell outta me . Y'all grab you're shotguns now , Zombies are right around the corner ! 
Waffles !! 
Transition from party boy to responsible adult is boring as hell ! 
Today is a shoot me in the dome day . Gonna sleep this one out and try again tomorrow . 
Awww who would abandon a < PROPFEMALE > rabbit ?? I mean damn , that's cold . 
BORED I ain't even got anything clever to say , I'm just flat out bored ... 
Ah ha ha , my mom is vacuuming the dog . THat's great ... 
My kingdom for a punching bag !!! Or at least some freak who likes being hit ... 
Today was a really good day , and I almost passed on it . Score one for you never know unless you try ! 
Well I'm off to start taking tests . And yes I am actually up this early in the morning ! Weird huh ? 
Tests were ok . 99 in reading , 90 in writing . As for math ... well we just won't talk about that one . Got my financial aid and courses set too ! God bless the govt . they're paying for it all !! 
Still can't keep his damn mouth shut . But to hell with it , I'll be me even it leads me to a spacious dumpster under a bridge . Compromise is for the weak . 
is gonna keep his eye on that degree and let what happens happen . 
pizza rolls and french fries , not sure if it's called lunch or abuse . 
facebook : Stealing your life away , one comment at a time . 
loves the violin but hates being second fiddle . Guess I gotta practice more . 
You know what , nevermind , I'm over it . 
Ah , good times ... Bucky got it right , \I want my life back . \ " G'night y'all . Gonna nerd it up on the PS2 then go to sleep . Got a long day of being crazy ahead of me . " 
Help me if you can . \ 
It's just that this .. \ 
Is not the way I'm wired \ 
So could you please help me understand \ 
Why you're giving in to all these reckless dark desires ? 
Holt heatstroke Batman ! It's f@#%ing hot outside !! 
Orientation is over all I got left is to find all my classrooms , I've seen puzzles with an easier layout ... ahhaha 
I'll give starting this day another try ... in a few hours . Back to bed , y'all have fun . 
< PROPFEMALE > Poisson : Still hilarious after all these years . \It don't hurt cause you're dead ! \"" 
30 minutes before the phone rings , nervous nervous nervous ... 
My < PROPFEMALE > is spent , my resolve has faded . Why do I even try ? Should have been a pregnant minority , the stupid ones always get the breaks . Funny how the Govt . has no problems taking my money , but when I need it , they won't give it back . Fuck them , I'll get it done , they can kiss my ass . 
\I think they're doing everything they can do . Absolutely . Just like we did with Katrina . \ " \ 
good friends , good times . Legends was fun ... 
I am fairly agile , I can bend and not break . Or I can break and take it with a smile . 
can't decide which is worse , that I miss Ham's or what that says about me ... 
I thought about you today , I was taking out the trash . 
\I would like to be able to admire a man’s opinions as I would his dog - without being expected to take it home with me . \ " \ 
Si hoc legere scis numium eruditionis habes . 
Bored . What's going on tonight ? 
\If you haven’t got anything nice to say about anybody 
\When choosing between two evils 
Chomping at the bit for Resident Evil Afterlife . Hoping there's a leechman in it ! 
SO I have to admit , one of my guilty pleasures is RuPaul's Drag Race and Drag U . I love < PROPFEMALE > and Jujubee ! 
The longest road a man has ever traveled is only 18 inches . From his brain to his heart . 
really wishes he'd mowed the lawn days ago , wet and tall grass don't mow . 
When the tin roof gets to talkin ' it's the best love we've made . Yeah where I come from rain is a good thang . 
My laptop lives again !!! Weee !! 
Ugh , I can't get Jarian to answer his damn phone ! 
eBay and PayPal and headaches , oh my . Anyone gotta a vicodin ? 
To all Sterling/Rock Falls kids ; I'll be in town Friday the 13th for like one night only . Trying to get something to do going so whip out all your best ideas !! 
To all Sterling/Rock Falls kids ; I'll be in town Friday the 13th for like one night only . Trying to get something to do going so whip out all your best ideas !! 
Ok , so where should we go for dinner and then where for drinks ? It's been awhile since I've been home . 
Holy hell ! 4 hours in line and $616 later I finally got my books . And I shit you not , one of them is a COLORING BOOK !!! A coloring book for college ... 
So yeah , guess who locked the keys in the car with it running ... again . Yep , that'd be me . Took me an hour to get it open . Burned and skinned my fingers at it too . XD 
Anyone know how to train a monkey to mow the lawn ? 
is so sick of American directors remaking foriegn films . ' Let Me In ' is just a remake of a great movie ' Let the Right One In ' . So it's Swedish ? It's still awesome ! Just go see the damn original . 
Back to back math classes ... it's time to start punching people . 
Why assign homework then turn right around and tell the students you'll not be collecting it ? 
It's just a JUMP to the left <==== 
-logy [ suffix ] the study of . -tomy [ suffix ] medical excision . -ac [ suffix ] pertaining to ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
You know , I may complain from time to time about school stuff but don't let that fool you . I'm happier now then I've been in a VERY long time . I don't feel like I'm wasting days anymore . Sure it cuts into my xbox time , but well worth it . LoL 
Signed up for tutoring today and applied for work study too . Here's to hoping ... 
My Saturday class sucks ... always has , always will . Too late for drop/add too . XD 
Med terms quizzes finished . And I pwned them . Even with a gnarly headache . Oh yeah ... 
45 mins w/ a tutor and only 20 mins of actual help , my math may be bad but I know that ain't right . 
So mad I forgot my camera , ( and half of the night ) for < PROPFIRST > K . ' s birthday ! 
So pissed off at my Saturday class ! And afraid there's no way out of it ! 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > , goodnight Stars , goodnight facebook . 
The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus was pretty awesome , God bless pirates and uTorrent ! 
Mormons make me laugh , they think it's okay for a guy to marry as many women as he wants but will spend millions of dollars campaigning to stop 2 men from getting married . If they had half a brain they'd support it ... 2 less men to compete with for wives . * sigh * I pity their children most , they don't know better . 
been feeling so disconnected from my friends since I started school . I don't go out cause I start school so early in the day and can't afford to anyway . I know this is for the best but it still sucks all the same . 
Sorry for all the stupid game posts but for those who play them you can get exp , items , and etc . from clicking on the posts . 
A nap is a quick fix . Soldier on and fix my sleep cycle ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... 
A bowl of lime Jell-O , when hooked up to an EKG machine , exhibited movements virtually identical to the brain waves of a healthy adult man or woman . 
All I want is a room somewhere safe and warm from the cold night air ... 
Whoever wrote my accounting textbook needs to be shot . I learned more in the hour of tutoring I got today then I did in two weeks of class and reading ! 
spends more time deciding which movie to watch then actually watching it . 
Saw the video of the girl throwing puppies into a river , it's real . Scared myself with the twisted torture I thought about to do to her . Suffice it to say it would be painful and slow and I'd let her live so that everyday when she looked in the mirror ( with the eye she had left ) she'd be reminded why people cringe and kids cry when they look at her . Hell is too good for her ! 
wishes he was going to school in Ill . then I'd have study buddies . All I got here are rednecks and hill folk . I think I will move back when school is over . I've had my fun in the South . 
Oh happy day !! I have an interview for work study tomorrow !! WOOT WOOT !! 
So tired ... But I got my work study ! It's a nice feeling to have two teachers fighting over who gets me when . But as long as I get paid and letters of recommendation they can fight over me all semester . 
Slept a bit too long , but I don't have class until 9 tomorrow so well worth it . 
< PROPFEMALE > no fighting pose 
Nothing like waiting FOREVER for your pizza to come only to find out you accidentally sent it to your OLD ADDRESS ! 
BURLINGTON NC CECKPOINT ON ALAMANCE ROAD RIGHT BEFORE THE NEW ROAD !! WATCH OUT FOR THE DICKS !! 
sleep now ... sleep good ... sleep ... ooh , is that biscuits and gravy ?! Sleep soon ... 
Why has such a great dream left me feeling so sad ? Probably because it felt so real until I woke up . 
G'night y'all . 
Oh well a Touch of Grey kind of suits you anyway 
God I need to go to bed . Why can't I feel at 10 the way I feel at 2:30 ? 
Any of my friends know how to mount a game downloaded from utorrent ? It seems I'm not smart enough to follow a youtube instruction and am about to throw my laptop out the window !! 
Aww the Resident Evil movie comes out tonight and I'm broke , ain't that the way ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oo1SN98JwtE 
Try to understand there's an old mistake that fools will make . And I'm the < PROPMALE > of them , pushing everything that's good away . Won't you hold me now ? 
The monkey wrench is named after its inventor , a London blacksmith named < PROPFIRST > Moncke . 
So tired , need to sleep , got shit to do . 
Shampoo was first marketed in the United States in 1930 by < PROPFIRST > Breck , who was the captain of a volunteer fire department . 
So I've been wondering , which do you prefer ? Showering in the morning and going to bed covered in the filth of the day ? Or do you shower before bed and try to whip up a pillow perm into a hairstyle the next morning ? 
Dolphins jump out of the water to conserve energy . It is easier to move through the air than through the water . 
I can't wait to be a well paid SGWM with a closet full of new clothes and a nice little condo of my own . 
So the accounting test I was sure I failed , turned out I got an A ! I think the teacher realized EVERYONE was failing so she handed out points like party favors . But I don't care , I'll gladly take them . 
So I was kinda pissed off earlier when I realized only 1 class this semester is counting for my degree ( the rest are prep classes ) and then it occured to me that the grubbing advisors that did it to me are paying my education anyway so I'm at peace with it now . 
Man I really wanna go and < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends right now . Stupid school ... 
Even if the stomach , the spleen , 80 percent of the intestines , one kidney , one lung , and virtually every organ from the pelvic and groin area are removed , the human body can still survive . And even if 80 percent of your liver were removed , the remaining part would continue to function . Within a few months , the liver would have reconstituted itself to its original size ! 
For so long now I was asylum bound but being ' with you here makes me sane , I fear I'll go crazy if you leave my side . 
Phi Theta Kappa , I'm on my way ! 
In Saudi Arabia there are solar-powered pay phones in the desert . 
My god but my typing class is SO BORING !! 
The Chinese are credited with inventing the first toothbrushes in the late 1400s . The bristles were made of hog bristles , which were highly effective and popular . Later , when nylon was invented , it replaced them . 
?? ????? 
On the average , a healthy person farts 16 times a day . As a matter of fact , females fart just as much as males . 
Phobia : alektorophobia Fear of : chickens 
Undertakers report that human bodies do not deteriorate as quickly as they used to . The reason , they believe , is that the modern diet contains so many preservatives that these chemicals tend to prevent the body from decomposing too rapidly after death . 
I've decided I'm taking a d o-o ver on my 29th birthday , last one I had I didn't accomplish much , gonna try again . 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my \ 
friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I \ 
am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see \ 
who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as \ 
your status . I'll be watching to see who really does 
Drunk as all get-out waiting for some tacos !!! 
So I'm deciding what to do to celebrate my berf-day . What dy'all think ? 
When you have a black eye , you have a bilateral periorbital hematoma . 
Burn the land and boil the sea , You can't take the sky from me . 
Now's the time to say something clever , everyone seems to be on . 
Pretty sad when taking a shower is the most entertaining thing you've got goin on ... 
The human heart rests between beats . In the average lifetime of 70 years , the total resting time is estimated to be about 40 years . 
I have never wanted to have an in-class freak out more than I do today ! F*# ! keyboarding class ! Rather be picking off zombies in an unwinable apocolypse then one more second of typing with no backspace ! 
Fall Break starts now !!! Time for some Gin & Tonic ... 
If you want questions answered without your quarry getting away or turning the tables SHOOT THEM IN THE KNEE !! This ain't rocket science . 
I may take some time to say what I have to say , but it is to be sure it is exactly what I mean to say . < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue . Maybe one that ebbs and flows , but important none the less . 
< PROPFIRST > Chaplin once won third prize in a < PROPFIRST > Chaplin look-alike contest . 
Hitler ordered tanks to be made in Michigan and told the company to not worry about sending them to Germany , he'd ' pick them up on his way through Detroit ' . 
Mid-terms and I'm passing all my classes !! Now getting up well rested for all those classes , well , that's another story ... 
“Me fail English ? That’s unpossible ! ” - < PROPMALE > Wiggum 
Apparently grading remedial Spanish papers is more important then actually helping people in a real crisis , they won't let me do my work study at the Red Cross , even though I know for a fact other colleges do . What do you expect from a shitty community college . Wish I could afford a REAL college . 
In ancient times , the traditional color of bridal gowns was red . The wife of < PROPMALE > III broke the tradition and wore a white gown . Then , brides began wearing white gowns ( which were worn only once ) as a symbol of their wealth . 
It's the end of October and it's gonna be 82 degrees tomorrow !! Damn it's hot ... 
If I have never met you face to face you will be deleted , that is all . 
The Walking Dead series premiere starts RIGHT NOW !! yay ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Applegate attended the 1989 MTV Movie Awards with < PROPMALE > Pitt , but dumped him at the event and left with someone else . \We were really good friends when I was about 16 . We went to the awards and I ditched him ! I left him there and I feel really bad about it ... I really really do . I left with somebody else \"" 
o_0 
Aww , it wouldn't show that I was in a relationship , WITH MY DAMN SELF ! Back to boring singlehood . It's bad when you won't even date yourself ... 
Ugh , there's a Christmas Tree in the living room . Apparently Christmas is in November ... 
< PROPFIRST > McConaughey sometimes has to stop eating because he claims to get too sexually aroused by the food . He says : \I think food is really sexy . \ " << What . A . Tool . " 
Buttscratcher !! Buttscratcher here !! 
Finals begin next week . And then new classes !! Maybe I'll luck out this time and get a hottie in at least one of my classes . Please lord , please ? 
First final is today ... 
Sitting next to someone in class and chatting with them on facebook ... priceless . 
Blah , typing up the final exam for my mom's Coding and Billing class is SO BORING ! I tried to just scan it and edit in Word , but I guess I'm not clever enough , wouldn't work . 
You ever met the most perfect guy ? Like God plucked everything you've ever wanted or found attractive outta your head and made it into a dude ? If you haven't , count yourself lucky , it's only heartbreak when you see him with the second most perfect guy for you . Ah , ha ha ha ha ! 
Anyone wanna take an accounting final tomorrow ? I'd be ever so greatful ... 
Goodmorning facebook friends . Looks like my final final has beeb postponed until tomorrow . The kid in me says \Yippee ! \ " while the adult in me says \ " Great another day of studying to try and keep all of this in my head until the final . \ " :/ " 
Last final of the semester IS OVER !!! ... nice ... 
Phobia : Francophobia Fear of : < PROPFEMALE > , french culture 
Can someone tell me why a Microsoft controller won't work with a Microsoft game on a Microsoft Operating System ? I mean really ... F#%@ You Microsoft !! 
So what's going on tonight ? 
FEED ME < PROPMALE > ! 
Sometimes I have to wonder if those I put in the effort for are really worth it . Friends or otherwise , sometimes I just feel like saying FUCK IT , cutting free from them , and my attempts at connection . 
\Your kid is fruitier than < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s hat rack . \ " Ah hahahaha !! " 
PERFECT ! Just fucking perfect ! The anti-freeze is now running straight through my car ! A whole jug , gone before I made it ' round the block ! 
You know , I don't even feel like it's New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . I guess I'm not really in the mood to accept another year passing . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
* Nerd Alert * Ugh ! Trying to play < PROPMALE>'s Exoddus on the PC with the keyboard is IMPOSSIBLE ! Times like this I wish I could pop up right in front of the game developers and punch them in their nerdy little faces , games are meant to be fun , no so aggrevating that you want to throw your laptop out the window . 
Raw chest cold , day 2 . Nyquil is pretty damn awesome . 
So bored . T.v. sucks , video games suck , oh hell how about everything sucks now . 
You know what freaks me right the f% #k out ? When I was a kid , a commercial encouraging children to go outside and play would have been ridiculous and un-needed but now they actually are ?! We're raising a generation of hippos ! 
So my school is trying to charge me full price on a used book . When did new books come pre-highlighted ?? That dog won't hunt , no sir . 
Sometimes I have to wonder if there is something wrong with me , I remain friends with someone who only has mean and negative things to say to me . 
Close to 20 percent of all adults living in the United States have had a cockroach living in their inner ear canal . The roach enters the ear while you sleep . 
Classes cancelled tomorrow ! WOOT WOOT ! 
A whale’s penis is called a dork . Know any dorks ? 
So annoying to cart my ass all the way to school for 1 class . Had to park in the boonies and it was damn cold out there today . But I'm gettin ' me my edge-i-mication ! 
ugh , can't sleep ... 
\Let's share the milk of human kindness . \ " Ah hahahahaha !!!!!!!! That's just awesome . " 
For Jeff : \I'm just a little excited ' cause I met somebody today . Oh and the adventure begins again ! \ " Ah hahaha ! " 
SPOKEO.com -- that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , family member's names . Remove yourself by searching your name , find your < PROPFEMALE > , copy the URL then go to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > & click on the Privacy link to remove yourself . Make FB friends are aware . 
Joined Gold's Gym today !! 
