HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! May God bestow blessings and happiness on each and everyone of you in this new year ! 

Playing with our new kitten , < PROPFEMALE > . We found her in the drain pipe at the pool !!! Now we have 4 cats !! Spike , Autumn and < PROPFEMALE > are not too sure about her !! 
I am getting ready to clean out my pantry !! Anybody want to come and help ?? Anybody ??? 
Just watched my husband kill a gigantic spider and its babies outside on our front porch ! Can we say \call the exterminator first thing tomorrow\ " ?? We have also been inundated with little itty-bitty ticks ?? Anybody had a problem with those ? " 
is heading out to the pool with her son !! Man , it is hot ! 
Just finished cleaning the kitchen ! < PROPFIRST > and I made < PROPMALE > a diabetic carrot cake for his birthday and Father's Day ! Poor baby has to work Sunday ! 
Is it me , or is keeping the kitchen clean in the summer a 24 hour job ?? I never seem to have it finished before it is messed up again !! 
Just got done trimming the hedges in the front yard before the < PROPFEMALE > sends us a letter ! Man , it is hot !!! I bet I lost 5 pounds ! ( I wish ! ) 
Enjoyed a relaxing day with my hubby and son ! Finally < PROPMALE > had a day off - but at least he is working !!!! 
getting ready to go the Stone Mountain for the laser show ! Packing a picnic dinner and lots of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Why is it that every time I go online , there is a teenager friend posting a message about being so bored !!?? Were we ever this bored ? I don't have time to be bored - too much cleaning to do ! 
enjoyed a great evening last night with my parents , brother , sister , brother-in-law , son , nieces and nephew at Stone Mountain and a great day hanging with my hubby and son today ! God is good ! 
Just gave a kitten an antibiotic ! That is harder than giving it to a child !! 
Getting ready to go fishing with hubby , son and niece ! 
I am very sad . I had to say goodbye to my sweet < PROPFEMALE > today . She has been our < PROPFEMALE > for 15 years ! Her liver was failing and she was very sick . I will miss her terribly ! 
Enjoying her last Sunday before she has to go back to work !! Man , I am always in a crabby mood about this time on Sunday during the school year ! I wonder why ??? 
Where did the weekend go ?? My house is not completely clean and I still have school work to do !! 
is thanking God for the wonderful people she works with !! Sometimes we don't realize how lucky we are ! 
Nervously waiting until Monday morning when I find out whether I have to move to another school or not !! Praying for not ! 
Baking cookies , watching movies , and spending time with my two favorite people ! Sundays are great !! 
I hate it but because of the meeting we had today at school and the county's warning , I am going to have to remove all former students from my facebook friends list . I am sorry ! Keep up with me through my son ! Of course those of you that are over 18 can still be my friend !! Unfortunately , I have way too many of those !! Man , I am getting old ! 
Home with my son who has the flu ! I am hacking myself right now - I sound like a seal !! Throw me some fish ! 
is fighting the H1N1 virus along with my son ! We feel like crap ! 
is FINALLY without a fever !!! It has been since Tuesday evening ! < PROPFIRST > is up and about more too ! Maybe we will survive ! 
Got Lasagna , salad and garlic bread ready , Corona and lime , son's face painted and the TV ready - GO DAWGS !!!! 
I am soooo happy to finally have a week off when I or a family member is NOT sicK !!! 
Watching my son work his butt off at basketball try-outs this week . He may not make the team , but he has given 100% !! I am proud of him ! 
This leaving at 7:00 a.m. and getting home at 7:00 p.m. is for the birds !!! 
I am so glad to be back among the cyber-world . My computer died and I had to get a new one . Now let's see if I can master Windows 7 !??!! 
Is dropping tears on the keyboard as she thinks of her brother boarding the flight right now to take him to Afghanistan for a year ! I love you and will miss you < PROPFIRST > !!! 
I am trying to decide if I am brave enough to accept an invitation to go on a TAPS investigation next month ! Should I ? 
Want to know what is on sale Friday ?? Go to blackfriday2009.com and click on ads . It has all the ads already !! I am hitting Best Buy at 5:00 a.m. ! 
I love this time off . I planned to do so much , but this weather has me moving kind of slow ! Just want to sit on the couch and read ! 
Anyone want to come with me to Best Buy at midnight tomorrow night ?? They start handing out tickets for the doorbusters at 4:00 am - lines start at midnight ! I really don't want to sit there alone ( besides the hundreds of strangers waiting with me) ! I can save about $300 dollars if I get in line in time ! 
Back from Black Friday shopping !! Left last night at 2:00 am and just walked in the door ! I am tired , cranky and dirty but I had a blast ! I took my son to camp out with me at Best Buy . He made it twice as fun . Of course he knew we were in line for an XBox 360 so he was very happy and cooperative until I told him he couldn't open it till Christmas ! ;) 
Took my son and friends to see Blind Side today - WOW what a great movie !! Very uplifting and makes you think about what kind of difference you could make in someone's life ! 
Going to the school for a NON-PAID day of work ! I know ... Iknow ... but I am so FAR behind ! Afterward though , I am going to see my dear mother on her 85th birthday !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends and family ! May the joy of Christmas be in your heart all year !! God bless us everyone ! 
I just got the best Christmas gift ever !!! My brother and I had a video chat via Skype all the way from Afghanistan !! < PROPFEMALE > Christms < PROPFIRST > ! Thanks ! 
Happy New to all my FB friends ... wishing everyone a safe , prosperous and joy-filled 2011 ! 
So thankful that I still have another week before school starts back ... I haven't gotten anything I planned done !! Sorry to all my teacher friends that have to go back tomorrow ... but < PROPMALE > did not get the week in October that you had . At the time , I did not think it was so great , but now , I am very happy ... 
Wahoo !!! NO SCHOOL !!!!! 
11 inches :( 
Trying to get into the mood to grade papers and make lesson plans . Wonder what it would be like to have a job that you actually left after 8 hours and did not think about again until the next workday ?? oh , and be able to go OUT for lunch ?? and to the restroom whenever you needed to go - not just when your students are at lunch or specials ?? Not that I am complaining- after all I get three more days off without pay !!! 
Anybody need a pool table ?? I have one . Cheap !! 
Go to urbandictonary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . Pick the first answer given !! 
I am very thankful that my parents were not injured in the car crash they had tonight ... they totaled their car ... but God must have been watching over them ... I am wondering why the airbags did not deploy ... it was head on ! 
Sons outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? Put this on your status if you have the most ? Awesome ? Son ? in the ? world . I ? you < PROPFIRST > !! 
I am soooo disappointed in the Bachelor ... when will the men think with their hearts and not other body parts ???? 
WhoooHoooo !! We are leaving early !!!! Go Snow !! 
Spent the past two days cleaning out my parents ' basement with my sister . Imagine 2 people who lived through the depression and WWII . They have been taught to throw NOTHING away - you may be able to use it later ! AND then imagine them living in the same house since ' 74 ! We did good to get it done in 2 days ! Lots of throwing things in the trash when they were not looking ! :) 
Thanks to all my facebook friends that sent me birthday wishes last week ! I loved them all ! The BEST present was seeing my brother at church today . He is home from Afghanistan for 2 weeks !! He is very tan and has lost a lot of weight but I thought he was the best thing I have ever seen ! 
Enjoyed a beautiful weekend with my wonderful husband and perfect son - at least in my eyes they are !!!! 
One day of CRCT down - 4 to go !!! 
Tomorrow is the math CRCT ! LORD help us !! Keep my class in your prayers !! 
We had field day today - I am tired !! My students pulled me into the spray from the fire truck and I got soaked !!! Only 17 days left including a 4 day trip to Washington , DC with the safety patrols ! Will I make it ?? 
Had a wonderful Mother's Day with my son ! It was just < PROPFIRST > and me - < PROPFEMALE > Baseball and the Varsity !! 
ONLY 4 DAYS LEFT !!! Now I have to find a summer job to make up for all the missed pay in furlough days and budget cutbacks ! Any suggestions ??? 
finds it very amusing that the people that are most excited about the extended summer in < PROPMALE > is the teachers ! What does that say about us ?? 
School's Out for Summer !!! YAY !!!! 
is soooo proud of her niece < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Cali , who graduated from Alcovy High School this afternoon !! You Rock Baby !!! 
Okay .... all my teacher friends hold on to your hats .... I am moving to first grade !!! Does that scare you or what ?? Actually I am excited about it !! 
had a WONDERFUL time her high school BFF , < PROPFEMALE > , and her amazingly funny and beautiful daughter , < PROPFEMALE > , yesterday ! Looking forward to another lunch and shopping day soon ... and let's not wait another 10 years !! 
Funny , my paycheck went into my account last night , but it is already gone this morning !! Will there ever be a time when I have any left over after paying bills , mortgages , car notes , groceries ....? 
Happy 16th Anniversary to my dear sweet husband ! We have been through a lot together and it only makes us stronger ! 
Wishing a Happy Father's Day to my wonderful husband and my incredible Daddy ! I am lucky to still have my dad around at 84 and I thank God for it every day ! Also . I hope my hubby , < PROPMALE > , has a wonderful birthday today ... he is off fishing with buddies ! 
2 days and I am off to Florida for a week !!! YAHOO !!!! 
Spent the day by the pool and lake at the house and plan to hit the beach tomorrow !! It is really hot in FL , but the water makes up for it !! 
Glad to be home !! Now , I need a vacation to recover from my vacation !! 
I am supposed to be cleaning the office , but I am playing on FB instead ! Go figure ! 
Just finished cleaning the office - one room down - 3 to go before the in-laws come at the end of the month ! 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and love like afriend !!! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & nephews , post this as your status . I love you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I am sooo excited ! I just talked to my brother ... he is in Dubai waiting to board a flight home for a 2 week visit !! God speed , < PROPFIRST > !! Can't wait to talk to you in person and see you on good ol ' red < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > instead of the Afghanistan dirt ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20-yr olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Jastus < PROPMALE > 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their lives for YOU ... this week . Repost ......... if you support the military . GOD BLESS THEM ALL ! 
Getting the house ready for an in-law visit tomorrow ! 
Just back from the dentist !! I had to have SIX cavities filled ... my mouth is so numb I am drooling and cannot even drink from a straw ! On the good side ... Chris is getting a good laugh ! 
< PROPFIRST > L . for the next Bachelor !!! 
Sending my love and condolences to my dear friend , < PROPFEMALE > Balentine Smith , on the loss of her brother this morning . May God bless < PROPFIRST > on his next journey . 
On my way to eat dinner with my family and my very much missed brother at Journeys End . He is home until Monday then he heads back to Afghanistan . 
At the age of 4 Mom knows everything ! At 8 Mom knows a lot ! At 12 Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 She’s old fashioned . At 25 Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Re-post this if you had or have the best Mom in the world . I DO ? 
So lucky to have an amazing grade level to work with this year ! The move to first has been a tough one but I love my my sweet little class and I am looking forward to an amazing year ! 
Whew !! I was starting to get worried about the Dawgs ! They just had to get warmed up !!!!! 
What a beautiful weekend !! Why can't the entire summer be like this ? We should go to school all summer and have the Fall off !! 
I've carried children within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , woken up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect ... but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM ... and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a MOM 
Feeling tired today ... woke up at 1:00 am to machine gun fire !!! Sounded like WW3 in my backyard ! People at the neighboring farm were target practicing ... until the cops showed up ! I wonder who called them ???? 
Looonnnggg week .... ready for the weekend to catch up !! 
Sending condolences to one of my best friends , < PROPFEMALE > Compton < PROPMALE > , on the loss of her father this Saturday . He was a great man and will be deeply missed ! Love to all her family ! 
Vote to keep < PROPFEMALE > Grey & < PROPMALE > Hough dancing on ABC ! \ 
\ 
http://soc.li/gM4WQAX 
I am not trying to wish my life away ..... but thank the Lord it is finally Friday ! 
I like it on the dining room table !! 
C'mon Braves !!!! You can't see it but I am doing the chop !!! 
I have stolen this from a friend :\ 
Fake (+) (+) Perfect(o)(o ) Perky (*)(*) Cold (^) (^) and even Grandma's\\ . / \\./ \ 
and Big ( o )( o ) or small (.) (.) Save them all ! Repost for Breast \ 
Cancer Awareness 
Home from the ER with Steve ... 2nd degree burns on the palm of his hand . Teach him not grab onto a hot engine !!!! 
I love my son ! I gave him life , but he gives me a reason to live ! 
so confused .... some people are trick or treating tonight and some tomorrow night ???? Do not think I am up for teo nights of this !!! 
Please post this as your status if you know somebody/or are related to someone who suffers from being a GATOR . Being a GATOR is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no cure for U.F. and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 90% of FLORIDA GATOR fans won't repost this because ... they don't know ... how to copy and paste ...... 
Dad is , or was , your hero , your best friend , or just the BEST Dad ever ;\ 
whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he is an\ 
ANGEL in heaven ... copy and paste this into your status and let \ 
everyone know you are proud of your Dad , and that you love him forever 
I just have to say have the best son in the world . He is way better than < PROPFIRST > . I have to apologize for what i have done to my sons fb . I am very amsamed of myself and < PROPFIRST > should be asamed as well !!!!!! 
A\ 
Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank \ 
checkpayable to their country for an amount up to , and including , their \ 
life . That is beyond honor and there are way too many people who no \ 
longer remember that fact . Copy and paste ... this as your status if you \ 
... are a Veteran , know a Veteran , love a Veteran and support the Troops 
Home from the doctor ... severe sinus infection ans ear infection ... fun ! 
Is wishing a happy 55th anniversary to my parents !! What a fine example they wset for the rest of us !! I hope < PROPMALE > and I are still around and as independent as they are at 84 and 86 !! 
Getting ready to mash me some sweet potatoes , finish the pumpkin pie and start the pumpkin spice cake !!! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I\ 
know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour ... 
Seven more days then 22 days off !!!!!! I think I can .... I think I can .... 
Day one of twenty-two days off !!! Yay !!! 
I have had the best time with family the past three days ! I hope everyone has had a wonderful Christmas with their families and loved ones too ! 
This Falcons game is killing me ... how am I goingto make it through the play-offs ?? I better stock up at the local package store before they start ! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile :) 
Okay ... I have $220 left in my health spending account that I will lose if I do not use by Friday night . Any suggestions ?? Must be health related and I really do not need $200 of aspirin !! 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a headache ..... When you open it , he collapses .... When he sees you reading it he faints .... When he sees you living it , he flees ...... And just when your about to re post this , he'll try to discourage you . I JUST DEFEATED HIM !!!! Copy and re post ...... Any takers ? 
No workday tomorrow ... part of me is happy but part of me needed that time in my room without kids ! What are the chances of them giving us a workday Tuesday ? 
I am not super superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ... will be without money . I can't let that person be ME !!!!!!! 
I like the extra break , but I am worried about the students being out so long . We are going to have to start all over with getting to know you games !!! 
Okay ... there is officially a State of Emergency : I AM OUT OF M&M'S!!!!!! 
We went out today to Walmart in Lognville . Hwy 78 is dry in some areas but others where the sun doesn't hit are wet and icy . We almost went in the ditch on Cedar Ridge over by < PROPMALE > High School ... it is in bad shape on those sharp curves . Our neighborhood is great , it is some of the less traveled roads that are dangerous . I wonder if we will get ack to school tomorrow ??? 
< PROPMALE > County is out tomorrow ... onl 240 day employees report . I wonder if we could go in and work in our classrooms ??? 
I like the way < PROPMALE > County is making up our days . It isn't too disruptive- except the teacher workday in March . Someone said that other than post and pre planning , < PROPMALE > has not had a \teacher workday\ " in over 2 years ! " 
I do not know if my heart can withstand the excitement of the Falcon's game . I want them to win soooo badly ! 
When will this end ?? First < PROPFIRST > has the stomach bug Wednesday ... then I get it on Friday ... now < PROPMALE > has it today ??? UUGGHH !!! Do NOT come near our house !!! 
So brokenhearted to say goodbye to < PROPFEMALE > Horne , a dear friend , dedicated teacher , loving mother , wife and daughter . She fought a long hard battle with cancer . She was the epitome of grace and courage . The world was a better place because of her and many children excelled due to her guidance ! God bless you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful son , < PROPFIRST > ! I cannot believe that you are now 14 !!! My how time flies ! 
Has anyone seen the movie No Strings attached ? My 14 year old son and his friends want to see it and I am not sure . 
Please keep my dad in your prayers tonight .. he was admitted to the ICU for a-fib and congested heart failure ... will update as we know more ... 
