I am so HAPPY to be an Auntie again !!!!!! First my sister , and now my sister-in-law !!!!!! Congrats to my brother and his wonderful wife , < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!! I Love You Guys !!!!!!! Now it's as I told my brother < PROPMALE > , wouldn't be ironic if I got pregnant too !!!! < PROPFEMALE > in July , < PROPFEMALE > in or about September and me probably a month or two later !!!!!!! Not gonna happen I promise !!!!!! Love You ALL !!!! 

Family is very important because no matter what happens their always there 4 U !!! Throu the good times & the bad times . I would like to say to my niece < PROPFEMALE > how very proud of you I am . I believe with all my heart your going to be a very large name soon . I would like to say to my nephew , < PROPMALE > never let go of your dreams they will come true if U believe !! And to the rest of my family ... WELL YOUR ALL THE BEST !!!!! 
Anybody who hasn't seen Eyes Of Autumn you have to see them . Their FUCKING AWESOME !!!!!!!! You all are naturals up there on a stage . Watch out World cause their coming your way !!!! If you couldn't make their 1st 2 shows , be at the Ottobar on the 28th their playing again . Be there people , you have to see them !!!! Spread the word , EYES OF AUTUMN !!!!!!!!!!! Love you all , specially my neice < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Tryin to get the word out for a fantastic new group , EYES OF AUTUMN ... They've had 2 shows already , now their Headlining at The Ottobar on Thursday the 28th . Their coming out , and their F%& #ING AWESOME !!!!! So come on out and see them , I can get more details about the ticket costs for you , but no more than 10.00 @ the door !! 
Look to this day for it is life . The very life of life . In it's brief course lie all it's varities of existence . The bliss of growth , the < PROPFEMALE > of power , the splendor of action . For yesterday is but a dream and tomorrow is only a vision . But today well lived , makes every yesterday a dream of happiness . Today is here , let us do our best to live it One Day At A Time . 
Don't care what people say , believe in your own way . Don't be afraid to be to proud , Don't be afraid to be ashamed , don't give up in what you believe . The past is no longer here , the future is on it's way , but today is here so let us all Believe . 
when some1 tells u 4 so long that ur not beautiful , or u have nothing 2 look @ . when some1 tells u 4 so long that ur stupid , ur a bitch , ur this and ur that . when that some1 is some1 who is suppose 2 love u 4 all time , how do u react ? what do u do ? what do u say ?? what do u do when u feel that u want 2 go on with ur life , but they don't ?? so many questions , yet no answers , what is the question , & what is the answer ?? 
Here we go again !!!! Nother 1 on the way too !!!! 
< PROPMALE > me the Serenity to accept the things I can not change , the Courage to change the things I can , and the Wisdom to know the difference . 
snows suppose 2 start tomorrow mornin , & not stop til sometime late Sat !! i heard from the radio over 44 inches ... YES I SAID 44 INCHES !!! were suppose to get another storm on Tues !! so between the 2 a COMBINED TOTAL OF ... Say it again people ... 44 INCHES !!! EEKISH !!!!!! pull out the inner tubes , the sleds , the tabogins , anything you have ! Oh & if im locked up 4 a wk here with him & the \in-laws\ " I may just go POSTAL !!! " 
Don't care what people say , don't care what people do . Just go my own way , I can believe in myself but no one else . Try to \fix\ " myself but he just brings me down .... " 
Poetry is in essence just how we feel & act . Our thoughts R written down though not always xact . Poetry has a deeper meaning than just what is said , to understand poetry you must read betwen the lines to undrstand the meaning hidden . Yes I am having some thoughts that mte be coming out , but maybe I can change U+I change ourselves . Don't love you anymore , stopped loving you ages ago .. Now your just a habit ... 
come to me , you are my obession . i can not live with out you , you are my obsession . i breathe you laugh , i talk you laugh , i whisper you laugh , cough cough i cant bear to be with you anymore .. i need to be myself .. 
here we go again everybody .... just dug ourselves out , and now we gotta do it again . i'm really starting to hate this snow . and works probably pissed at me cause there was no way in hell i was gonna work on Sunday . suppose to work tonite again but if this snow starts up im not going tonite either . Panera's just not THAT important . 
Have u ever wished u could b some1 else ? Not necesarily another person , but that u had been born in a different state , different time period , different country , different origins ? Me , I'd like 2 have been born a Cherokee Maiden , in the State that's now called Oklahoma , in the 1800's . I've always admired the Cherokee Nation , & almost wrote a story about The Trail Of Tears . I still have it thou I've never finished it . 
Isn't ironic how u go about ur life never really seeing people for who and what they r ?? The ones u think r ur friends end up losing touch with u & the ones u haven't seen in 10 15 yrs r the ones who can change ur life . People u've never met can say 1 little thing & it changes ur perspective about life & the way u always thought & lived . 
What do I do and what do I say ? The things I feel just won't go away . In one way you tell me you love me , and another way you tell me you want out . You throw ultimatums at me when I am who I have been and will never change . You demand this , you demand that , you want this , and you want that . What about ME ? I to have my wants , my needs , but you've forgotten those .... 
Man what a F$&%ed up day .... I woke up in a good mood than I got a phone call that sent my mood straight to HELL .. Had a massive headache for almost the entire day , then spoke to some really Great Friends & now .. well it's ending on a good note again .. YEAH FOR ME !!!!!!!! 
What u think u no is never true . What u think is truth is really a lie . Do u ever really no anything about ur significant other ? Does he/she ever really tell u whats on their mind ? Or are they telling what they think u want to hear ? Life is full of many dirty little secrets . & I believe that behind every door is just another secret . We may not always want to hear the truth , but I do believe the truth will set u free . 
Well I finally did it .. I got my pics up like every1 has been asking 4 like 6 months now !!!! Its just the begining thou so bear with me !!! & to those of u who haven't seen me in awhile yes i colored my hair , and yes im wearing makeup !!! HEHE ... 
Life is to short to give a damn what others think .. Steve & I are working on our diffrences & only time will tell how things turn out .. Each day is a new day , each thought is a new thought . & no matter what happens I'll b happy for myself . 
AVATAR !!! Best Damn Movie since Titanic !!! A Must C , @ least in my Book !!!! 
Food 4 thought ... Y is it that some ppl feel the need 2 impress others ?? Y can we not just be exactly who we r all the time & not some of the time ???? I have no need 2 impress any1 , whether it b my boss , my friends , my husband , or my family . So y do others go out of their way 2 impress some1 else while making others miserable in the process ???? 
I read something the other day that has stuck with me . It's from Proverbs 31 & it reads : A Worthy Woman ... Strength and Dignity are her clothing and she smiles at the future . Just wanted to share that little tidbit . Makes u think is there A Worthy Man ???? 
Was in an accident 2 days ago . Rear-ended by some young punk , playing with his A/C or radio or his phone not sure really . Hit me SO DAMN F-ING HARD he left an imprint of his tag # on my back bumper !!!! Never hit his brake ! He bent the body on my car , broke my Motor Mount , & sent my front tag flying in the air !!! I hurt like a MOTHER F***ER !!! I'm out of wrk til the 18th mayb even longer !! 
God I hurt .. havent been in an accident in probly 12 yrs !! Hurts 2 chew , yawn , evn pickin up the smallest things hurts like hell .. When's it gonna go away ?? I no its only been a coupla days , & they said it would get worse b4 it got better .. But dam I hate feelin like this !!! I really hate havin 2 take all these pills 2 make myself feel better . They make me feel REALLY LOOPY !!! I'm already LOOPY without meds !!! 
Dam these pics r old as dirt !!! Gotta update some new stuff . Jus givin a SHOUT OUT to all my family & friends ... MOM , DAD , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , A . SHARON , < PROPFEMALE > , U . < PROPFIRST > , A . CATHY , everyone from PANERA , < PROPFEMALE > , Nique , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Lumpy , Trav , Matt .... miss u guys 
Around every corner is an obstacle . But not every obstacle will stop you from going forward with your life . 
Well everyone I did it again !!!! Colored my hair !!! This time thou I did it a lil darker , & I have highlights also . Wish to hell I could post some pics but I don't have the set-up to do it . Might try & get my neice to download a few for me . Add to my profile . 
The most Handsomest Little Boy in all of WV & Md is 5 months old today !!!! We love you soooo much Kierian !!!! LOL Auntie < PROPFEMALE > 
I have 6 more days til my probation is OVER !!!! 2 frigging yrs of this shit & im finally done !!! Feel like celebrating , but I kno I can't . 
O but I do still have probation for DE . Thats not that bad thou , aint gotta c a po , just have to send in a report evry month , & pay restitution !! Thats done in Sept .... 
ARRGGGG I need to know how in the HELL I can get my info from FB to Myspace !!!!???? Im getting F@$&ing pissed and fast . http://lnk.ms/LNGZy 
