Had a pretty productive day , even if one of my < PROPMALE > kids got kicked out of her placement . 

Spent 3 1/2 hours in line at a book signing in GA . Boy , my feet HURT ! 
Had the visitation from hell this afternoon . Some people just shouldn't have kids . 
Getting strange phone calls from client's mother that she is going to have me investigated and followed . 4 yesterday & 1 today 
Very happy b/c I just got a new job . The pay isn't great , but it's work and they have a lot of mandatory overtime right now . 
When patients are scheduled for a CT , they ought to be warned what a nausiating experience it can be . 
I am officially done with Christmas shopping !!! Now to get it all wrapped ..... 
Good news ! My supervisor at work gave me the paperwork to switch from a temp contact employee to a full-time Itron employee . It will me a raise in pay and benefits . :-) 
If I never have to listen to another coon huntin ' story I think I'll die a happy woman !!! 
Can anyone please explain to me why men want to turn everything into a competition ??? 
The hot water heater is out ... AGAIN . Looks like I'm going to have to replace the damn thing . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes . I don't feel like cooking tonight so < PROPFIRST > & I are going out . 
Tonight's lesson at work is Attention to Detail . Always check to make sure the what you are packing is actually the same thing listed on the carton label . Also make sure you place the boxes on the pallet correctly . I got to repack the same pallet twice . 
I really hate algebra . I got off working after a shift of listening to the guys \ we have to set a new production record\ " and had to help < PROPFIRST > with his homework that neither my brother or his wife could figure out . Why do we make kids take this ? When was the last time anyone actually needed to factor a trinomial in real life ? " 
Does anyone know what's going on w/ FB ? I keep having to re-do my bookmarks . 
Feeling very poor - took the car in to get the air conditioner fixed - will cost $1750 . :-( 
I continue to be amazed by the level of pettiness displayed by some of my coworkers ..... 
I am so proud of < PROPFIRST > . His Mech . Arts class had a robot wars competition and < PROPFIRST>'s robot won . 
Finally gave up on having long hair and got it cut off - again . 
Another < PROPFEMALE > WTF were you thinking moment : Last night I agreed to make < PROPMALE > & cheese for 60 for a farewell luncheon . I've never cooked anything for that many people . I hope this works . And to add to the mess , I figured while I'm in the kitchen , I'll just go ahead and clean out the fridge/freezer . SCARY !!! 
Why does dealing with family have to be so difficult ? 
can't sleep . this sucks . 
4 hours sleep . 5 hours round trip for a 3 minute appt . to be told that I'm being discharged from the Endocrinology clinic . I guess I should be happy for the news that the diabetes is well controlled , but damn , 10 shift at work starts in just over an hour . This stinks . I'm tired . 
So tired . Another early morning trip to Columbia . Work will be fun . TGIF !!! 
HINT HINT : If your smock is longer than your shorts , you are NOT dressed appropriately for work ! 
Tried to take < PROPFIRST > to the movies - but the projector was broken , so they canceled . Oh well . 
I am now officially certified to drive a forklift . How scary is that ?! 
Ok FB family - this is a question for those of you who have worked with me ( granted , that's most of you ): Am I mean and unapproachable ? 
What a night ! I got the forklift stuck trying to load a pallet on the truck . Then later I tipped over a stack of empty pallets trying to get them off the trailer . Thank goodness I don't have to work tomorrow ! 
If I have to pull up my big girl panties and deal with it one more time , the elastic is gonna break and I really will have to show my ass ! 
< PROPFIRST > got his braces put on yesterday . He is SO unhappy . Poor baby . 
So frustrated . Got two messages on my phone from the VA hospital while at work today . 1 . From Out-pt surgery - Report to 2W NLT 0630 on Friday . 2 . From the surgeon - We can't do 1 of the procedures on Friday . Need to speak with you about postponing the surgery . 
Time to venture out of the house . Need to get < PROPFIRST>'s glasses repaired - they feel off the table & got stepped on . 
I bid on a new job at work that will be a promotion and put me back on first shift . Everyone wish me luck . 
Gotta go to work . Overtime is nice , but I'm tired ! 
Can't sleep . This sucks soooo bad . 
I've been going to the VA clinic in < PROPMALE > for almost 3 -1/2 yrs . I find out TODAY that I'm actually entitled to travel pay . It's only $15 per trip , but given the number of times I've been seen , that adds up in a hurry . Why don't they tell you these things ? 
Work kicked my butt tonight . So tired . 
4 hours sleep Tues night . None last night . Won't be able to take a nap before work today . Someone just shoot me . 
