Will be married 10 years this coming Saturday ! I love you Kemal !! 

Thanks everyone for the Anniversary wishes and Happy Fathers Day to all the Papas out there ... enjoy your day !!!! :) 
is looking forward to her trip to Germany in 3 weeks ! 
Children are away til Friday ! Whatever shall I do .. ( wink Wink ) ;) 
is watching the Food Network ! :) 
is feeling like SUNSHINE today !!! :) 
is getting sleepy ! Tomarrow is another fun filled day ... need to rest ! 
is moved by the touching tribute to MJ this afternoon .... RIP !!! 
is munching on some yummy Texas briskit !!!! delish ! 
has had a fun-filled day af cleaning ... cleaning and more cleaning . Ahhh , now its time to relax with a glass of wine ! :) 
enjoyed fun-in-the-sun with her Hubby and kids in Galveston ! The kiddos LOVE the Gulf of Mexico and the < PROPFIRST > beach ! 
is getting very very sleepy ... i think its time for bed ... nite all ! 
OK ... SO ,.. to everyone that is sending me requests for FARKLE , BARN < PROPMALE > , AND FARMVILLE .... Please stop !!! I have like a bazillion requests for these EVERYDAY and my flashplayer isnt cooperating so it will not load . I smile that y'all want me to play but 
Has started the countdown .... 9 days left to go b/4 the airpane to Germany has lift off . I cant wait !!! :) 
8 days ......... 
anyone want a couple of children ???? its been one of those days !!!.... deep breaths ... deep breaths ...... ( of course ,.. I love my children :) ) 
OK ... so ,.. for those of you that pay attention to comments ... I have got my FLASH player up and running and y'all are welcome to send requests now for Farkle ,.. Farmville ... Barn < PROPMALE > and whatever else is out there that y'all love to play so much ! Much love 
5 days left b/4 we go ..... :) 
is on the go .. go ... go .... too many things to do ... so little time !!!! 
2 days left to wait ... :) 
Well ... all our bags are packed .... and we're ready to go .... we're leaving on a je-t plane .. I dont know when Ill be back again ... lol and so it goes .... Talk with y'all when and IF ( wink wink ) I return home from Germany ! :) :) :) ((((( hugs )))) to all ! 
Had a GREAT time in Germany !!!! We love you and Miss you all !! Thank you for the great memories !!! Seni cok seviyoruz !!!!!! 
is trying to get back into the \swing of things\ " after a wonderful trip to Germany .... " 
Is hoping that her son < PROPFIRST > is going to have a great time in Minnesota with his Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > for 2 weeks camping ..... I miss my lil guy already ...... Have fun and see you next Thurs ! XOXOX 
is thinking ... the stack of papers on the counter really needs tending to ... uggg ! Where is my coffee ??!!!! ... lol 
was just served a ... Play-doh sandwich and play-doh pickle on a plastic play plate with a childs plastic fork and knife .... Ahhh ,. the innocence of a child !! I LOVE IT !!!! :) :) :) 
is off to watch the movie .... Coach < PROPMALE > !... 
Goodmorning to all !!!... Make it a GREAT day !!! :) 
Birthdays ... Birthdays .. Everywhere ... Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > , Tige , Funda and Kim ... May your day be filled with many happy memories !!! Happy Birthday to ALL that has a Birthday this week !!! :) :) :) 
hopes her son had a FANTASTIC time with his Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > in Minnesota . Ill be waiting for you to tell me all the details when you return home tomarrow night . I miss my lil guy ! 
is listening to ( OLD ) R&B jams . :) 
has switched over to TRANCE music .... :) Today is a good day ! 
Our son had a FANTASTIC time with Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPMALE > Geo-cashing camping , boating , fishing , hiking(7 < PROPMALE > ) , rock climbing , visiting an historical ... Fort Snelling , shopping Mall of < PROPFEMALE > and more . Thanks lil Sis for showing our son a great time and bringing him home safely to his family ! Hugs and kisses to you ! Hope you arrive home safely too after all your long travels . We miss you already ! XOXOXOX 
Has started the countdown ..... school starts in 1 week ... :) 
is off to clean out the fridge ... I wonder whats in there .... lmao !.. J/K 
Has started Ramadan ........... Ramadan Mubarek Olsun !!! :) 
has enjoyed the first week of Ramadan ... only 3 more weeks left to go ! :) 
just made some YUMMY homemade Southern Peach Pie !!! 
just finished baking chocolate chip , oatmeal , pecan cookies ! The house smells so goooo-d ! :) 
is taking her son to the Doc . today .... poor thing coughed all through the night ! :( 
so , I took my ' lil < PROPMALE > to the Doc . today . He's gonna live ! :) It is just drainage down his throat making him cough uncontrolably . Nothing a lil cough syrup and Zyrtec won't handle ... according to the Doc :) Tonite should be a better night for him . ( crossing my fingers ) 
is wondering .... Can you really ever eat too much icecream ??? Yummm I love Icecream ! 
is looking forward to the duration of Ramadan ..... only a few more days left ! :) 
EID MUBARAK !!!!! 
RAMADAN-UL-MUBARAK !!!!! :) 
Ramazan Mubarak Olsun !!!! Iyi Bayramlar !!!! 
If you are reading this , even if we don't chat that often , please write ( below ) , one single unique word that would describe me according to you . Once done , copy this paragraph as I did on your status ... you might be surprised to read the responses received . Thanks ! about an hour ago · Comment · Like / Unlike 
is thinking her children are growing up way too fast !!!! 
is finally relaxing with a nice glass of wine in hand . 
lost her cell phone today .. :( not good ! 
feels like a trip to the < PROPMALE > Zoo is in order for the Weekend . Going to be very nice cooler weather ! YAYY !!! 
is making homemade chicken noodle soup ! My house smells so goooood ! :) 
Ok ... MY Brain MRI is tomarrow @ 9:30 AM .... Wish me luck ! 
Is back from her MRI scan and is now waiting for the results . :) 
Ok .. so get this .... I call the doctors office to get the results of my MRI today and the Nurse begins to tell me that the Doctor went on vacation for 2 weeks ! 2 weeks ?!!! The suspense is killing me . I can't wait 2 weeks . I guess I have to wait 2 weeks . What a bummer :( ~ Sighs ~ Oh well ! Ill let y'all know if I hear something sooner . 
is saddened to inform everyone that I recieved the results from my MRI today ( doc . popped in real late last night to view my films ) and my Brain tumor HAS RETURNED . :( I have a doctors appt . on the 30th to go over options . Thanks for everyones thoughts and prayers . Y'all are in my thoughts too . 
is having a nice morning playing with her Daugher < PROPFIRST > . 
had fun carving pumpkins tonight with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Oh , yes , and hubby too ! :) 
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration ! :) - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
ok ,... so I went to the Doc . today and I have a Tumor the size of a quarter ( ish ) and will be having another brain surgery sometime around Thanksgiving to remove it and after that .. I start Radiation treatments . I will keep y'all updated as I learn the date of the surgery . Thanks again everyone for all your love and support ! 
is just relaxing after a fun day with my kiddos yesterday ! :) 
just posted Halloween Photos of my kiddos for those who are interested . :) 
is having having her Brain Surgery the day b/4 Thnksgiving ! 11-25-09 @ 6AM @ the Methodist Hospital in < PROPMALE > . Thanks everyone for ALL your love , support and well wishes . Ill be thinking of all of you . Please have a wonderful THANKSGIVING and enjoy some yummy turkey for me too . :) XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO TO ALL ! 
is off to do all of her PRE-OP labs downtown today ! Will be gone most of the day . Have a wonderful day everyone ! :) :) :) 
is back from being poked(twice b/c she couldn't find a working vein ) , probed , x-rayd , ekg'd and tested for everything under the sun , ... What a day ! Im tired . Thanks everyone for thinking of me today ! OH ! and Tracie .... Chocolate < PROPMALE > was Sooo Gooooooood ! Thanks for sharin ! <3 XOXOX to all ! 
The weather here in < PROPMALE > is Beautiful today . The warm sun and the cooler air feels wonderful . Im so Happy today is Friday !... Looking forward to an enjoyable weekend with my family . 
had a nice weekend with her family relaxing and watching football . However it's just too bad the Texans can't seem to get it together . Ugh ! 
is SOoooo NOT looking forward to getting a tooth pulled tomarrow . But , I guess its better than having a root canal done ... Sighs ~ 
is home from getting her tooth pulled and is now starting to feel the PAIN set in .... I need a drink to numb the pain .... lmao !... 
is going to the new HEB that just opened up TODAY ! and then , im going to clean my house ! Oh ! Its a glorious day ! :) lol 
can't be any prouder of Daniel ... He made 100 on his Math benchmark today ! Yayy !!!! 
Had a WONDERFUL Thanksgiving Dinner Today with my Husband and kiddos and put up the Chrismtmas decor yesterday . Now I can rest until Surgery . :) I am Thankful for my family and friends . May you all be blessed with Health and Happiness forever ! :) 
is wondering ... Why is it that her 3 year old ALWAYS has her OWN agenda and DOESN\T understand the concept of TIME !!!! LMAO ! I <3 U my lil Alley Cat ! :) Hugs and kisses with a great BIG (( squeeze !!!! )) " 
is off to do housework . Too bad i don't have a maid . Oh Wait ! I almost forgot , I do have a maid .... ME ! :) .... Guess i'd better get to work b-4 I fire myself ... lol 
Just made some yummy pumpkin bars . House smells terrific ! :) 
is addicted to cheddar cheese Goldfish ! ... ya can never eat just one .... lol 
Don't worry bout a ting ,.. cuz every lil ting is gonna be alright ,.. Rised up dis mornin , smiled at the risin sun .. Three lil birds .. are by my doorstep ... singin sweet song ... of < PROPFEMALE > pure and true ... this is my message to you .. oo .. oo ! Don't worry about a ting , cuz every lil ting is gonna be alright ! :) - < PROPMALE > Marley Have a wonderful day everyone !!!! 
burrr ... its cold ! 
is making Pumpkin chocolate chip cookies with Sissy and her lil friend . :) 
Woke up with a HUGE headache . My sugar level is under attack ! Must have been all those yummy cookies the kiddos made yesterday . Im sooo Thankful for Tylenol and Metformin :) I'm feeling much better now ! 
is waiting for her loved ones to return home from work and school and is making Christmas decorations with Sissy out of construction paper . :) Life is good ! 
is enjoying spinich < PROPMALE > pizza with her daughter . :) Yummmm 
is under the weather today . As my doughter would say ... there's a frog in my froat and its scratchy ! My head and face feels like its gonna blow up ! Time to get back into the bed and try to shake this thing before Wed . ~ Sighs ~ Have a Happy Friday and Weekend everyone ! 
The countdown has begun .... only 2 1/2 more days to wait ! 
has made it through her Brain surgery !!! Yayyy !!! I am at home now and recovering slowly . I want to THANK EVERYONE for all your love and support through this VERY difficult time for me and my family . Please know that I was thinking of all of you as I went into surgery and it is my belief that all your prayers made it possible for a beautiful outcome for me . 
I want to wish everyone a very blessed , ... Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
is taking it slow ! :) 
Ok So , Snow frocasted for tomarrow ... In < PROPMALE > ?! What !? Thats nuts ! Burrr its cold ! :) 
thinks it's time to make a POT ROAST !!!! Yummm ! 
HOLY SMOKIN SAUSAGES ...... ITS FREAKIN SNOWING IN < PROPMALE > !!!!!! WHoo HOO !!! 
Ya know its cold when ya go to sit on the toilet seat and its as cold as an Ice cube ! Burrrr ! :) 
Have a wonderful weekend everyone !!! Try to stay warm :) 
is feeling GREAT ! Stitches come out Tuesday and the incision on my belly is just about closed up . Will take some time to heal completely but Im good ! Now , if I could just find some energy .... lol :) 
Is looking forward to the craziness this week ! Colt Chorale and School Holiday craft week ... here we come ! :) AND ... I finally get to drive for the first time since surgery ! Yayy !!! :) 
is getting her stitches out today ! Whoo hoo ! Whoo Hoo !! 
is explaining the \true\ " meaning of Christmas to her children . Sometimes with all the gift buying and advertisements we often forget its true beauty . < PROPFEMALE > Chrismas and Happy Holidays to everyone ! May the spirit of this season bring you health and happiness for many years to come ! " 
Just finished baking a zillion Christmas cookies and now Im off to make Homemade Chocolate Fudge . :) 
Wants to wish everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New year ! Please be safe if you are traveling ! :) HO HO HO ! :) 
Happy 10th Birthday Son !!!! Love Mom , Dad and Sissy 
is home rolling out dough to make a Turkish dish called MANTI . It is kind of like beef tortillini ( only better ) covered in yogurt sauce or butter and walnuts . It is soooooo Yummy ! 
is wishing everyone a very HEALTHY AND HAPPY 2010 ! Happy New Year !!!!!!! 
Had a great time last night bringing in the New Year with family . :) 
Is delighted that school starts back tomarrow . :) 
Thinks that shes seen ( or listened to ) the Chipmunks Christmas DVD one too many times this winter break ! ( yes , they are cute but ,... on repeat .. over and over again is a lil much after a while . :) 
amazing !!! Both children are in bed ... and ... sleeping ! AHHH , silence is a wonderful thing ... lol 
Good morning to all ! Make it a great day ! 
is listening to Zac Brown Band ~ Chicken Fried ... 
is switching speeds ~ Lady Gaga time 
red and black 
Im freezing my nee nees off ! Burrrrr ! 
This weather calls for a crackeling wood burning fire , hot bubble bath with scented candles and a nice glass of wine ...... HA ! and then I woke up ! Who has time for that when you have kiddos running around ! Was a nice thought thou ! Try and stay warm everyone ! :) 
C'MON TEXAS !!!!... UGH ! 
Congrats Alabama Fans !!! 
FROM BEHIND ! 
is going to HEB and then participating in a fun-filled PFO meeting for the school . :) 
needs to take a deep breath and count to 10 when her 3 year old wants to do things \her way\ " .... Mommy <3 ' s you Sissy ! " 
Just posted New Pics of my lil girl < PROPFIRST > . Age 3 .. lol What have I got myself into ???? 
Its a new day .... Smile and think Happy Thoughts ! :) May all of you have a Glorious Wednesday ! 
I smelled a gangster riding a motorcycle because Big Bird said to and hes my leader .!!! 
is just waiting on Spring to arrive ...... 
is very proud of her son for his ALL A's report card and ALL E's in conduct too ! YEAH < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
is getting frusterated with flight scheduling and PRICES ! UGH ! 
My heart goes out to the people of Haiti ! Just heart breaking to see all the destruction and mass confusion . Seems to me , we as a people need to do a serious assesment of what really is important in and to our lives . For tomarrow it may all be taken away ... 
I LOVE MY MOM ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > :) Also be thankful if you still have your mom ..... ( MY MOM ROCKS !!! I HAVE THE BEST MOM ON EARTH !!! I Love you !!!! ) 
can't sleep , as usual . Wide awake and wondering why every night she is WIDE AWAKE ! Darn thing about it is , is that Im not sleeping during the day either .... hmm ? I wonder how many days in a row this can continue and for how long . 
WEDDING WEEK * Replace your way-back profile picture with a wedding photo this week ! ( yours or one you were in ) Paste this into your status and pass it on . 
is enjoying a bea-U-ti-full < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
Cowgirl up < PROPMALE > ! Its almost RODEO time ! Just finished buying tickets to < PROPMALE > & Dunn ! Yeehaw ! 
YEAH !!! SAINTS !!!!!! 
REPOST : Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this ! 
Had a wonderful quiet weekend with my hubby . Thanks Mom for watching my kiddos , they had fun ! 
I love my sister more than words can say . If you have a sister who is your best friend and has shared lifes precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without my sisters . ? ? ? 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS , U CAN ASK ME 1 QUESTION ( ONLY IN INBOX ) , any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is i will answer , but i DARE u to put this as your status and see what questions u get asked 
If you have a best friend who is like a sister , and has shared life's precious blessings and disasters with you , through thick and thin , then you have been given a special bond . If you have a best friend that you love like a sister , post this in your status and thank her for always being there . She knows who she is . 
has risen from her nice cozy and comfortable bed to send her child off to school once again ..... :) Good Morning everyone ! 
If you believe your Daughter is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give her a hug ! I ? MY DAUGHTER 
If you believe your Son is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give him a hug ! I ? MY Son ! 
fell of a chair(in front of her daughter ) and now feels rediculous . Almost gave myself a concusion and hurt my elbow but I guess Ill live . ;) 
the laundry room ! ;) 
just finished writing out < PROPFIRST>'s with my Son . Actually saw him blush for the first time . ( talking about a girl ) Mommy and Son moments to treasure for a lifetime . :) 
is recovering from an extremely fun AND funny superbowl bash with my very good friend ! Bring on the MARGARITAS !!! THANKS GIRL !!! Ya almost killed me when you bust out my kitchen faucet sink sprayer and sprayed me ! LMAO !!! GREAT TIMES !!! 
is lovin her some SAINTS !!! YAHOO !!! WAY TO GO SAINTS !!!!!! 
has to say that her ribs are sore from all the laughter on Sunday ! It soooo hurts to cough . lol OUCH ! 
just finished picking up 900 cupcakes for school on Friday . :) 
??? It's < PROPFIRST>'s Week on Facebook ??? Change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together ??? 
<3 <3 <3 Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! XOXOXOXO <3 <3 <3 
Is that Hail I C falling from the sky in Spring , Texas ? O MY Lord ! 
Wants to wish her husband a very Happy Birthday 2/15/XX ... lol Askim , Dogum gunun kutlu olsun ! Seni COK seviyorum ! 
KISD is now on Twitter ! .... 
just returned home from having dinner at OUTBACK STEAKHOUSE with our children for my Hubbys birthday dinner . :) ( they sang to him and I loved every minute of it ! ) HA HA ! Love you and Happy Birthday Askim ! 
relaxin while Sissy sleeps and < PROPFIRST > reads a book ! :) 
SIGNS , SIGNS , and MORE SIGNS ...... I see the light at the end of the tunnel ..... I think ?.. lol 
Had an awesome night out with hubby and great friends Sat . night !... Today , just relaxin . 
Good morning to all ... What a glorious day ! :) 
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss ! 
If you have a wonderful husband , that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve .......... because great men are few and far between , and I have the greatest one !......!! I <3 U Kemal ! 
Wants to wish her lil girl a very HAPPY 4th Birthday today . Happy Birthday sweet < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy 4th Birthday Alexis ... Love Mommy , Daddy , and Abi .... We <3 U !!! 
Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as my family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose your family but you can choose your friends . (( hugs and kisses to all )) 
y'all are killin me with all this Farmville , Mafia Wars , Country Life , Farkle , Fishville and whatever else you keep buggin me about ... lol But , I <3 y'all anyway ... xoxoxo 
is very tired and is off to bed ! Nite everyone ! 
Turned out to be a beautiful day today . Wonder what tomarrow will bring ? 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beatuiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : Generous . 18 : Smart Ass . on Friday 
Happy St. Patricks Day Everyone ! :) 
Steam cleaned my vehicle today . I think all that fresh air today has made me sleepy . Untill tomarrow ... Oh wait ,.. until much later today ... lol Nite all ! 
took the children to the < PROPMALE > Zoo today . Lots of people but not nearly as crowded as I thought it was going to be . A very nice surprise no doubt . Kids had a great time and the weather was spactacular ! :) Yayyyy !!!! 
At home cleaning and doin laundry today . Tomarrow its RODEO time ! < PROPMALE > and Dunn here we come ! :) Have a very nice Weekend everyone ! 
just returned from a fantastic day and evening with her family ! The downpour of rain and the ARTIC blast of air and wind(went from the 70's to the 30's)put a lil damper on the Carnival festivities but the Livestock Show and Rodeo were a blast ! Not to mention < PROPMALE > and Dunn were AWESOME ! 18 < PROPMALE > Rodeo performances and Tonite they said Goodbye . They will be missed ! 
back to reality tomarrow . No more sleeping in :( 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . 
The highest courage is to dare to be yourself in the face of adversity . Choose right over wrong , ethic over convenience , and truth over popularity . 
is SHOCKED that TODAY is the FIRST day in a VERY long time that she hasnt been \POKED\ " to death ! ... lol " 
is flipping between the food Network and the Travel channel ....... 
YIKES !!! Miley what was that ?!!!!!! 
just returned home from a nice dinner at EL IMPERIAL with my hubby and children . 
what is the one memory you have a me ? It can be something innocent or off the wall . y'all know me ... anything goes . ;) Have fun ! 
is lovin the near 80 degree weather w/o humidity ! Oh yea ! 
HAPPY APRIL 1's EVERYONE ! :) 
cleaned out her car and gave it a bubble bath today .. lol 
IS WISHING EVERYONE A VERY HAPPY EASTER !!!!!!!! :) XOXOXOXOX 
Doin Easter POLISH style .... Polish sausage and kraut , Busi's finger dumplings , hard boiled colored eggs and deviled eggs , horshraddish root and beets , and veges . To top it off a choclolate brownie < PROPFEMALE > ! ( the kids made ) Oh , I sooooo cant wait to dig in ! Yummmmmmm !!!! 
says the \Tooth Fairy\ " is on tooth overload at the Tahin household . < PROPFIRST > has lost 4 teeth in 2 weeks . Mom is realizing her lil boy is growing up fast . (( sighs )) " 
is enjoying a ' Black cow\ all to herself .... no sharing on this beautiful evening .... my children are all tucked in their beds and SLEEPING ! Ahhhhh ! I almost forgot what it was like to have a drink all to myself .... lol I <3 my children ! :) " 
Ahhh ,.. the joys of Spring cleaning . ;) Bye bye winter ... Hello Spring ! 
has finally finished re arranging and is officially out of her closet ! Yeah meee !!!!! :) Now , onto the kids closets . Boooo :( lol ! 
is wshing she knew a transmission mechanic right about now . 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , one you can say is your best friend , one you want to grow old with , one who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , one who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for , then copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary date : June 20th 1999 I <3 U Kemal ! 
Rise and Shine to all ! Have a Wonderful Wednesday ! 
says Klein ISD has joined Twitter . Spread the word that Klein ISD is tweeting ! 
says when all else fails ... there is always DUCT TAPE !!!! ;) 
Lets go fly a Kite , up to the highest height .... oh ,. lets goooooooo fly a kite ! Hope there is wind out there for you , NH 4th graders ! :) Have fun ! 
says that her neighbors car got stollen right out of her own driveway last night ! Good thing the theif was a nice one b/c he/she dropped it off down the street within wallking distance from her home . What is this world coming to ? 
Good morning World ! :) 
says Good morning to all ! Have a terrific Thursday everyone ! :) 
GOOD MORNING TO ALL ! :) May your Monday be filled many wonderful things ! :) 
wants to THANK 2 VERY SPECIAL people in my life for being there for me on Saturday when I needed you the most . ( You know who you are ) You have NOOOO Idea what that meant to me . \Thank you\ " from the bottom of my heart ! XOXOXOXOXOXOXOX " 
is thinking of her Son while he is at school taking the Math Taks Test today . < PROPFIRST > , you are going to do GREAT ! Im is so proud of you ! I <3 U ! 
ok ,... day 2 of Taks ... Reading portion today ! GOOD LUCK my shining star ... You're gonna do GREAT ! Thinking of you ! Hugs and kisses , Mom ( i know , i know .... knock it off ) ... lol 
Just wanted to say ... to all of my FB friends ... I <3 each and everyone of you and I Thank you for your friendship ! I think of all y'all each and everyday :) 
3 words ....... EXTREME MOOSE TRACKS !!!! 
is feeling very tired today . 
TICK WARNING ! I hate it when people post bogus warnings , but this one is real . Please repost this as your status !! If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT ! THIS IS A SCAM ! They only want to see you naked . I wish I'd gotten this yesterday . Now he won't leave !!!!! 
is off to have lunch with < PROPFIRST > at school . :) 
I'm a parent , cook , housekeeper , teacher , nurse , handyman , maid , security , coordinator , supervisor , manager , secretary , nutritionist , caretaker , personal assistant , life coach , mediator , bookkeeper , banker , laundry maid , taxi driver and motivational speaker . I don't get holiday pay , sick pay , or days off . I am on call 24/7 . Now , I dare you to tell me YOUR job is harder than mine ... ;) Post this if you're a MOM :) 
is wishing her Mommy a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY today !! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM !!!! Have a wonderful day ! :) THinking of you ! 
PHOENICIA WHOLESALE is coming to DOWNTOWN !!!! DEC-2010 YAYYYY !!!! 
is feeling like a truck ran over her head ! ugh ! Good Morning to all . Here's to hoping your day is MUCH better than mine . Don't forget to smile ! :) 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > Harwell ! You will be missed ! Thank you for MANY wonderful years !!!!! 
WOW ! $266 Million ! ... Wouldn't THAT be nice ? 
If there's somethin strange .... ini your neighborhood ... who ya gonna call ?..... GHOSTBUSTERS !!!! Just finished watching this with my children . It made them laugh ! And ,.. when they laugh ,... Im laughing ! :) 
I hear birds ! 
TO ALL MOTHER\S >> HAPPY EARLY MOTHER'S DAY !!! ENJOY YOUR WEEKEND !!!! :) " 
Annelar gunun kutlu olsun !!!! Happy Mother's Day !!!! 
woke up to breakfast in bed ( donuts and strawberries ) coffee , balloons , long stemed roses , homemade cards , and my 2 beautiful children smiling in my face as I opened my eyes ! Thank you to my wonderful husband for making me the luckiest MOM in the world ! I love all of you ! Im truely blessed to have you in my life ! XOXOXO 
just returned from a WONDERFUL afternoon with her Mother ! I <3 U Momma ! 
is feeling like her get-up-and-go FEELS like it got -up-and-went today ! Slow day today ! 
Is going to spend the day with her Son ! It's FIELD DAY !!!! Yayy ! :) 
Had a GREAT time at Field Day with < PROPFIRST > ! Those boys faught like Men out there in that HEAT ! Way to go \Crushers\ " YOU ROCK !!!! Then it was off to Chick-Fil-A for some lunch with < PROPFEMALE > . A perfect ending to a hard days work . :) <3 U Son !!! " 
NOTE TO SELF * WHEN MOWING THE LAWN , PULLING WEEDS , RAKING LEAVES , HEDGING THE BUSHES AND EDGING ... MAKE SURE YOU HAVE HELPERS ! I WASN'T FEELING TOO BAD UNTIL ( AFTER ) MY SHOWER AND NOW I FEEL EVERY MUSCLE ! UGH ! TIME TO GO AND REST THE BODY !!! BTW .. HUSBAND OF MINE , NO THANK YOU NEEDED ... I KNOW YOU LOVE ME ! ;) <3<3<3<3 
is off to do something more productive ..... maybe ;) 
Try this ... Scroll to the bottom of your \ 
facebook < PROPFEMALE > and on the bottom left corner in little blue letters , \ 
click \English\ " When the language selection appears 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > out with her Momma today .... Shes taking me out to celebrate my birthday early because she will be out of town on my b-day . I sooooooo <3 birthdays . or is it that I SOOOOO <3 my Momma ?! ;) Mom ,.. If I forget to tell ya later .... I had a wonderful day together ! <3 U ! 
IS LOOKING FORWARD TO SUMMER BREAK ! :) 
G O A L # 1 goes to >>> TURKIYE !!!! 
is messing around with her new phone ... :) 
TODAY = LAST DAY OF SCHOOL ! WAAAAAAAAAAAA ! lol 
Awe , my Son fixed me my coffee this morning ! How sweet ! Maybe this being out of school on summer vacation thing is gonna work out just fine afterall .... lol ! 
Going to have lunch with my son for the last time as a 4th grader ! Movin ' on to 5th ! Yayy ! 
is off to mow the yard .... 
is finished mowing and is begining to think that it is just the right time to start her -PRE- BIRTHDAY Margaritas ! YUMMMMMMMM ! 
is overwhelmed with ALL of the FB Birthday wishes ! Thank you ALL so VERY much for thinking of me and posting Birthday messages on my wall today . I am deeply touched ! Thank you ! :) Much LOVE to all ! May all of your days ahead be as rewarding to you as you have made this day for me ! :) <3<3<3<3 XOXOXOXOXOXOXXOXOXO 
today is SUCH a lazy day ! 
is feeling MUCH better after chatting with my bestie !!!! :) 
is making Homemade Banana Nut Bread with her kiddos ! :) If they have it their way ... chocolate chips will be added to the mix ... lol 
Do I ? Don't I ? hmmm ? This weather is \nuts\ " Ok ... so I ignored the weather man and went to Splash Town anyway ! Good thing I did b/c the sun was just a shining(aside from a few passing clouds ) and we had a great time . " 
< PROPFIRST > and I are sitting here enjoying CHOCOLATE icecream with a CHOCOLATE brownie and CHOCOLATE Syrup . Oh yes , lets not forget the bananas ,, whipped cream and Sprinkles !!!!.... lmao ! 
<3 > ^ . ^ < <3 Have a Happy day ! \ 
U 
For those who follow ..... FINAL = USA-1 England-1 :) 
is enjoying spending time with my lil Sister while she in in town from Minnesota ! :) 
is SOOOO excited and grinning from ear to ear ! 
Enjoyed fun in the sun with friends today and enjoyed every minute ! MY kiddos really enjoyed Splashin ' around ! :) 
loves it when my lil ' daughter and I are chattin ' and she goes to say something and forgets what she wanted to say and then she taps her forehead and says ... \Awe tartar sauce\ " .... ( totally funny ! ) " 
< PROPFEMALE > vs Mexico @1 PM .... 
laundry ... Futbol ... dishes ... Futbol ... wash the floors ... Futbol ... entertain children ... Futbol ... LOL !!!! 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL ! MEXICO !!!! 
It's ALL about the Celtics baby ! Whoot whoot ! Let's go Celtics ! 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL USA !!!!!! 
FINAL- 2-2 SVN vs USA ! :) 
Made chocolate cupcakes with my daughter and her lil friend and now onto brownies with sprinkles ... :) 
Tomarrow is going to be an eventful day ... Father's day and Kemal and my 11th year Anniversary . ( 13 years together total ) SO ... I just wanted to wish ALL the Father's a very HAPPY FATHER'S DAY and to my wonderful husband whom I love so very much ... HAPPY 11th ANNIVERSARY ! I'm looking forward to many more wonderful years together . :) I <3 U Kemal ! 
Today is going to be an eventful day ... Father's day and Kemal and my 11th year Anniversary . ( 13 years together total ) SO ... I just wanted to wish ALL the Father's a very HAPPY FATHER'S DAY and to my wonderful husband whom I love so very much ... HAPPY 11th ANNIVERSARY ! I'm looking forward to many more wonderful years together . :) I ? U Kemal ! 
is watching Monday night RAW ! 
Is jumping up and down with excitement ! Just found out My lil sister is Pregnant !!! Im gonna be an Aunt !!! YAYYY ! 
was in the yard doing yard work and stepped < PROPFEMALE > FIRE ANT HILL w/o shoes on . O MY GOODNESS my foot itches ! 
Just returned from Splashtown with my kiddos ! Summer fun and gets ' em tired everytime ! :) Yayy ! 
as I answered the door today Fed EX dropped off 2 HUGE boxes on my doorstep . They were from a long time friend who wanted to SURPRISE me . They were filled with tons of clothes and shoes and gifts for my children . Just because ! WOW ! I am truely blessed and greatful to have such wonderful friends ! <3<3<3<3<3<3<3 
Goodmorning everyone ! Hope everyone has a spactacular day ! ... Gunaydin ! Iyi Gunler !!! :) I love you all ! Seni COk Seviyoruz ! <3<3<3<3<3<3 
USA vs GHANA @ 1:30 on ABC GO TEAM USA !!!! USA !!!! USA !!! 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL USA !!!!! 
COM'MON USA !!! SOOOO CLOSE !!! 
Hold your heads up high USA ! Nice effort ! Watch out .... we are gonna come back strong in 2014 ! :) 
Ahhhh ... The sound of quiet ! Kiddos are all snuggled in their beds and I am drinking a glass of wine while listening to < PROPFIRST > Bocceli and doing a lil laundry . Fabulous Sunday evening ! :) 
Love many things , for therein lies the true strength , and whosoever loves much perfoms much , and can accomplish much , and what is done in love is done well . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Gogh 
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home . \ 
-Confucius 
I can hear a pin drop it's so quiet . Ahhh , the sound of 2 ' lil angels sleeping ever so sweetly in their beds brings music to my ears . Time to kick back and relax ! :) 
has time traveled back to the 80's ... lol 
off to give our doggie a bubble bath ! :) 
On the menu tonite ... Homemade ... Fresh Spinich and Cheese Rolls < PROPFEMALE > with a side Salad Tossed in a Light Vinegarette Dressing and Garlic Bread ! Oh soooo yummy ! 
Please keep my Grandmother in your prayers as she is now feeling the impact of Hurricane < PROPFIRST > in Mission , TX . ( border town of N . Mexico ) She is all alone and taking shelter . <3 U Grandma ! We pray for you ! 
Any requests ?????.... Im just havin ' a lil fun ! 
Keep'em comming folks ... im having a blast ! lol 
Thanks for all the fun tonite everyone ! Hope y'all had an enjoyable evening also . :) 
If anyone wants to hear something ... let me know . Ill be on for a while . :) 
again ,.. I find myself tinkering around so , if y'all want to hear something .. let me know . I'd be more than happy to post it for ya . :) 
woke up to the beautiful sound of pouring rain ! 
Happy 4th of July Everyone ! Enjoy the day and be safe out there ! XOXOX <3<3<3<3 
needs a < PROPFEMALE > already .... SERIOUSLY ! Care to join me ? Anyone ? Anyone ? Dang ,... its only 9 AM ... Come on .. it's gotta be 12 o'clock somewhere ?!!... lol 
Goodmorning to Everyone ! Have a wonderful day ! :) 
<---------- is watching Germany vs Spain ! GO Germany !!! :) 
Final = Germany 0-1 Spain ! WOW ! 
is poppin ' popcorn and having a movie night with my kiddos in the living room . We are pretending we are camping ... sleeping bags are all set and smores are being made on the stove with the gas flame . Ahhhh ,.. all kinds of fun with NO BUGS AND HEAT !!!! Now THIS is the way to do it ... lol ! 
Rain ... Rain ... and more Rain ... Gotta love the lasting effects of the hurricane season ! :/ 
<<------ Day just came to a screeching hault ! TODAY is a VERY SAD day ! 
Good Morning ! Make it a great day ! ~ Iyi gunler Turkiye ! :) 
Is watching a VERY educational program ... MONDAY NIGHT RAW BABY !!! LOL ! :) 
C E N A vs N E X U S ... lol 
believes that LAUGHTER ... IS the best medicine ! 
one word .... HOT !!!! 
We are all inventors , each sailing out on a voyage of discovery , guided each by a private chart , of which there is no duplicate . The world is all gates , all oppertunities . \ 
~ Ralph < PROPMALE > Emmerson ~ 
I am not affaid of storms , for I am learning to sail my ship ! :) \ 
~ Louisa May Alcott ~ 
is making cookies with her kiddos ! :) 
\YOU must be the change you wish to see in the world\ " \ 
Monday Night RAW ..... 
sometimes wishes she didn't live so far away ! :( 
If you have a wonderful man , who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , who's your bestfriend , who you want to grow old with , who is your world , and someone that you're thankful for every night , then post ... this ... as your status ...??? 
Hey soul sistas ... :) 
If you have a wonderful man , who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , who's your bestfriend , who you want to grow old with , who is your world , and someone that you're thankful for every night , then post ... this ... as your status ...??? I <3 U Kemal ! <3<3<3 
Off to cut the lawn and not looking forward to it . Its HOT and very HUMID ! Hubby is working . I'm going to surprise him so he won't have to do it when he comes home after working all day . :) Then , after I'm all finished .... I'm gonna have me a < PROPFEMALE > ! :) .... Ahhh the Perks !... lol 
Lawn mowed , pizza ordered ,.. margaritas in hand ! :) Yayy meeee ! Helloooooooo Weekend ! 
can't resist watching ... THe spy who shagged me .... YEAH BABY ! OMG .. LOL ! 
Rise and Shine everyone ! Have a very Happy Saturday ! :) 
can't believe that my 4 year old daughter loves the song \Baby\ " by < PROPFIRST > Biber . If I have to hear that sog on REPEAT one more time .... lol Mommy <3 ' s you Sissy ! " 
L O V E P A R A D E !!!! OUISBURG , GERMANY !!! :) 
Is poppin ' popcorn and having a movie night with my son . Watchin ' an old movie THE GOONIES with my son ...... Y'all had better watch out for One Eye'd Willie ... ROFL ! 
HOLY SMOKES !!! THAT WAS A LOUD THUNDER ROLLLLLLL ! IT TOTALLY SHOOK THE HOUSE ! If I were a cat I would have had my nails clawed to the ceiling for sure ! WOW !! 
Good Morning to ALL ! Make it a great day ! :) 
is poppin ' popcorn the old fashion way on the stove in a big pot . YUMMMM ! 
Had a very enjoyable afternoon with her Mother today . :) Watched the movie IT'S COMPLICATED ( HYSTERICAL , I totally recommend)Played a lil game of PHASE 10 and made TACO SALAD for lunch . Thanks for a nice afternoon Mommy ! <3 U ! 
To all the Moms who traded their eyeliners for dark circles , Salon \ 
haircuts for ponytails , Long showers for quick showers ( or no shower at \ 
all ) , Late nights for early mornings , Designer bags for diaper bags and \ 
wouldn’t change a thing . Moms who ... don’t care about whatever they gave\ 
... up , instead LOVE what they get in return . I <3 U < PROPFIRST > & Sisssy ! 
is off to make HOMEMADE Cinnamon rolls with her children . Love the smell they make in the house ! 
Gunaydin T <3 U <3 R <3 K <3 I <3 Y <3 E !!!!! 
Good morning to all my wonderful FB friends ! Have a pleasant day ! :) 
is very sleepy today ! 
just finished baking 4 loaves of Banana Nut Bread ! House smells soooo Yummy ! 
Peanut butter blossoms baking in the hot box for a certain someone ... :) 
is off to be productive ... lol Have a great Friday everyone ! 
just returned from a 20 hour round trip drive to Joplin , Mo . ( half way meeting point between Texas and Minnesota ) We dropped off my son with my lil sister and hubby who also drove 20 hrs round trip to Joplin to p/u our son . From Joplin they are traveling to Mt . Rushmore for some camping fun ! I hope they have a great time ! I miss him already ! 
is watching Batchleor Pad and cracking up ! WOW ! Crazy stuff ! 
2 words .... Raman noooooodles ! :) 
is getting tired of tea and soup .... I'm begging the frog that stole my voice to .. GIVE IT BACK ! It is awefully difficult to communicate without one ! :( 
still has no voice ... ugh ! 
Sissy got 3 seperate \shots\ " at the Dr. today ! :( She wasn't happy but did exceptionally well ! No tears ... I was amazed ! She is such a strong lil girl ! \ " Mommy <3 ' s you Sissy ! \"" 
\HAPPY RAMADAN ! \ " :) " 
It is just way to darn hot for mowin ' but it has to be done . If I'm not back in 4 hours .... call an ambulance ! lol 
is missin ' her lil < PROPMALE > tonite . I hope he is enjoying his trip to Mt . Rushmore with his Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > . Only one more week left to wait until I get to see him ! 
RAIN .... YAYYYYY ! :) 
Wants a Poritllios Italian Beef Sandwich from Chicago ! 
POSTING this announcement for a Friend >>> MINIATURE SCHNAUZER PUPS .... 2 WHITE MALES ..... READY TO GO ... BORN JUNE 6TH . $275 
Manti and Cacik ... YUMMMMM ! 
Peanut M & M's ... O MY GOodness .. who can eat just one ??? Lovin ' them ! 
Good Morning to ALL ! Have a GREAT day ! :) 
O my goodness ! Found a Chicago Style Italian Beef place here in < PROPMALE > today ! Took Mom and Sissy and just devoured the juicy sandwich . It was Sooooo DELISH ! Thanks Mom for a enjoyable afternoon out ! :) <3 U ! 
Meet the Teacher cookies are FINALLY completed ! :) YAYY ! 
OK ,.. Heat index today in < PROPMALE > 110 degrees .... That's just WRONG !!!!! I can manage heat but humidity too ?... Heaven help me ! :/ 
is home from yet another 20 hour ( 10 there and 10 back)car ride from Joplin , Mo . picking up our Son . He had a BLAST camping out in Mt . Rushmore with his Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > for 2 weeks ! Thanks guys for showing our lil guy a wonderful time , as always ! We all <3 U ! 
Had a great time at the GOO GOO DOLLS concert tonite with my friend , Carla ! Thanks for a fun evening out ! :) 
Today is a bittersweet day . It is the last , First day of ELEMENTRY school for our son . Today we have a 5th grader . Where has the time gone ? As I sit here and type I realize I get to start all over again next fall when our Daughter begins Kindergarten . THat should be interesting . One starting puberty in 6th and the other spreading her wings in Kinder . :/ YIKES ! We're so proud of both of them ! :) 
Did I hear the Weather man say a cold front is coming ??? BRING IT ON !!!! :)) 
just had the most enjoyable evening with my cousin whom I haven't seen in over 10 years . I hope you enjoyed the Turkish food and < PROPMALE > chocolate cake/icecream ;) Thanks for hanging out with us and hopefully it won't be another 10 years b/4 we see ya again ! :) <3 Ya !!! 
is sending a friendly reminder ---> BOX TOPS = FREE $$$ for your schools/kiddos . Don't forget to turn them in ! It is the easiest way to earn $$$ for your school ... you are already buying the products ... just clip out the BOXTOP ! EASY STUFF PPL !!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > time ! OH YEAH !!!!! 
enjoyed a fun afternoon out with her daughter at the movies . Cats&Dogs in 3D . As we sat munching on our goodies , I noticed that we were the only ones in the theater . How cool is that ? Just her and I and A Huge movie screen . I just loved listening to her innocent lil giggles as she watched the movie . I just love being an at-home-Mommy . Thanks Sissy for making an ordinary day , extrordinary . :) I <3 U !! 
Happy Tuesday Everyone ! Make it a GREAT day ! :)) 
an band instructor of mine once said .... \If you act enthusiastic you will be enthusiastic\ " .... It's all in your ... * ATTITUDE * :) <3 :) <3 " 
< PROPFEMALE > man , 80 , dies of goat attack injuries | abc13.com ........ SERIOUSLY ??? a goat ? WOW !!!! 
Goodmorning World ! Making it a GREAT day ! :) 
Hillbilly Bone ... Yeehaw ! 
Is praying for the safety of those who live along the East Coast ! Those Hurricanes can be nasty ! 
Com'mon 3 day weekend .... 
Time to make some BAKLAVA !!!! Yummmm ! 
Had a GREAT day yesterday in Kemah at the < PROPMALE > TEXANS Kick-off with my family . Got to meet some players , cheerleaders and the Toro , the mascot too . Got a bunch of Autographs , ate Lunch/dinner at the Aquarium , watched the boats off the pier , took a train ride and just walked around enjoying the sea breeze . Thank you to my family , for a most enjoyable day . I <3 U ! 
Bayraminiz Kutlu Olsun !!!! :) Family and Friends celebrating RAMADAN .... As you celebrate the duration of Ramadan may its spirit continue to bless you with Health and happiness throughout the year . :) Seni COK Seviyorum !!! I <3 U ALL !!!! 
GO TEXANS !!!!! :) 
FIBA ... USA vs TURKEY !!! GO TEAMS !!! :) 
FIBA ... USA-Gold ... TURKEY-Silver ! Great Job to both teams ! :) 
Texans vs Colts 34-24 Final ! WAY TO GO TEXANS !!! :) 
Beef Briskit , taters and fresh roasted corn ! It doesn't get any better than that ... Oh yes ,... dont forget my ICE COLD BEER to add to that delish dinner ! YUMMO ! Thanks Sweetheart for being my grill master today ! We <3 U !!! 
Dark Chocolate covered pretzels dipped in a lil peanut butter is SOOO yummy ! 
LOVES watching Ghost Adventures !! 
is enjoying a peaceful weekend ! Happy Sunday everyone ! :) 
T O U C H D O W N !!!! T E X A N S !!!!! 
O/T WIN ... T E X A N S !!!! WAY TO GO !!! FINAL : 30 -27 
Make someone smile today by telling them what they mean to you ! Ya just never know what something like that does for a persons heart and spirit ! Happy Tuesday Everyone ! :) 
Goodbye Summer ... Hello Fall ! Wait ! Isn't that supposed to mean cooler tempatures ? I don't mean cooler by being 90 degrees instead of 100 grrrrr 
just finished ordering < PROPFIRST > a Violin for 5th grade orchestra ! :) 
PROMISE TO MY CHILD : I will stalk you , \ 
freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst\ 
nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a\ 
bloodhound ' til the day you understand why I do it . Then I will know you\ 
are a responsible adult . All because I .. LOVE ... YOU .. . You will never find someone who loves y ... ou more than your mom ! Copy and paste if\ 
you are a MOM . See More 
Let's Go TEXANS !!!! Yahoooooooo !!!!! 
With time , we gain weight because we accumulate so much information and wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room , it distributes out to the rest of our bodies . So we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured , educated , and happy . Beginning today , when I look at my butt in the mirror I will think , ¨Good grief , look how smart I am ! ¨ ;) <3<3<3 
I like it on the washing machine . 
is enjoying a child-free 3 day weekend . Whatever shall I do ? Hmmmm ? Greek festival tomarrow with just my Hubby and I sounds nice . Football and beer/margaritas on Sunday and Teacher conferences ( w/o my tag-a-long children ) on Monday ! WOW ! That should be really be nice . Thank you Mommy ! You are the BEST !!! Oh yes ,... and I almost forgot the most important thing of all .... uninterupted S L E E P ! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh ! 
enjoyed a wonderful day ALONE with her hubby . First , he took me to breakfast at IHOP , then we went to the Greek festival in downtown < PROPMALE > . After that , it was off to Slick Willies for a few games of pool anda couple of beers . And , finally , it was off to Saltgrass Steak house for dinner . What a wonderful day ! I am still wondering what I did to deserve all this but , it sure was nice ! :) 
is asking that you please keep my Dad in your thoughts . Yesterday my Pops took a hard fall and broke his hip . He will be having complete hip replacement surgery tomarrow . Oh , and if you could keep my Mom in your thoughts too , that would be great ! ;) Thanks everyone ! 
just got chills as the first Chilean Miner surfaced ! WOW !!! 
Thank you to everyone for all your thoughts and prayers for my Father . ( and Mother ) His surgery went great and he is now in recovery and is expected to start therapy this afternoon . Yayy ! :) 
is thinking that you just can't make lemonaide out of lemons sometimes . :/ I think I'll try orange juice today ... lol Have a great day friends ! :) 
lots of margaritas tonite ! ;) <3 2 all ! 
is still recovering from many Margaritas last night .... ;) 
cookie dough delivery day today ! ;) 
Good morning to all my Glamorous ( and when I say Glamorous ... I mean ALL of you ) FB Friends ! Make it a great day ! :) It's still sizzlin ' H O T in < PROPMALE > , but by golly ... It is gonna be a GREAT day ! :) Much love to all ! <3<3<3<3 
Goodmorning FB friends .... Wishing you ALL an ejoyable Thursday ! And ,.. If I might add .... Don't forget to take time throughout your day to smile ! :) 
To ALL those who are celebrating Halloween tonite ... Have fun and be safe ! :) 
Happy Halloween to all !!!! :) 
Lets go TEXANS !!! :) 
TOUCHDOWN < PROPMALE > !!! YAYY !!! 
TOUCHDOWN < PROPMALE > !!! WHOO HOOO !!!! 
Smile , and the world shall smile with you ! Make it a great day ! :) 
D.A.R.E. Graduation Today ! :) :) :) 
says ... there is just something about the label on the Hot dog buns I purchased today that made me giggle ..... Label reads : Hotdog ... \ENRICHED BUNS\ " ... lol I have WAY too much time on my hands to be thinking such silly thoughts ! :) :) :) " 
is watching Hairspray on USA ... <3 me some < PROPFIRST > Travolta ! :) :) :) 
Happy Thursday to everyone !!! 
made a huge pot of homemade chicken noodle soup tonite ... Yummo ! :) 
is making Polish Stuffed cabbage rolls for dinner tonite . My house smells soooooo yummy ! 
THANK YOU !!!! To ALL our VETERANS out there !!! <3<3<3<3<3<3<3 We celebrate and remember YOU today !!! XOXOXOXOX 
It's Diabetes Awareness Month . It isn't pink or sexy , it doesn't involve boobs , football players , or cute t-shirts . It's 3am blood sugar checks , needles , low blood sugars , high blood sugars , and the smell of insulin on your hands . That's a diabetics LIFE . Repost this if you have or love someone with Diabetes 
Starting the day off with a bowl of oatmeal and a tea party with my beautiful daughter and all her little stuffed friends . Oh how I love being a stay-at-home Mommy ! :) 
is praying for a high school friend that has gone missing in NY . Please keep her in your thoughts and prayers . 
is painting YARD < PROPMALE > ! :) 
Kurban Bayraminiz Kutlu Olsun !!!! Iyi Bayramlar !!! <3<3<3<3<3<3 
corned beef and cabbage ... 
TODAY is a good day ! My classmate from high school < PROPFEMALE > Angle-Zahn has been found ALIVE in NY . YAYY !!! Sending healing prayers to her and her family during difficult times . 
Bought a 24 Lb Turkey for Thanksgiving dinner . Christmas decorations inside ... Completed ! Still working on Yard < PROPMALE > for the outside but almost completed . Hanging lights and decorating the outside of our home this weenend ! Yayy ..... I <3 the holidays !!!! 
On the menu tonite ... Taste of Home's , Mexican Lasagna ! :) 
Happy Friday Everyone !!! :) 
I <3 Cheesecake !!!!! 
Thought I was sleeping in this morning UNTIL ... I heard this loud obnoxcious ringing next to my head . ( phone ringing ) My darling lil Sister decided to call me at 7AM . UGH !!! I SOOOOOOOOO LOVE and MISS HER !!! <3<3<3<3<3<3 Guess i'll pick tomarrow to sleep in ... ( maybe ) ... lol 
is C L E A N I N G today , C O O K I N G tomarrow and E N J O Y I N G it all on Thursday ! Have a great day everyone !!!! 
C O O K I N G ............ C O O K I N G .............. and ..... you got it ! More C O O K I N G ..... :) Have a GREAT day everyone !!!! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE !!!! :) 
Burrrrrrr ! It's gettin ' cold !!! 
I SOOOOOOO DISLIKE the Walgreens pharmacy by my house . Can you say ... TRAINING PROGRAM NEEDED !!!! UGH ! Wasted my whole afternoon trying to get 1 perscription filled . GRRRRRRR !!!!! 
HAPPY HANNUKAH to my FB friends who celebrate ! :) Enjoy !!!! 
is making homemade chili in a big ' ol pot ! ;) YUMMMM 
HAPPY FRIDAY !!! Have an enjoyable weekend !!! 
Good morning to all ! Have an enjoyable day ! :) 
Apparently\ 
the group asking everyone to change their profile picture totheir \ 
favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles . They're doingit \ 
because kids will accept their friend request if they see a \ 
cartoon . Nothing to do with supporting child violence .. Its on Tonights \ 
News . Pass this on to everyone who has a cartoon profile pict ... ure PASS\ 
IT ON AND TAKE IT OFF OF YA'LL FACEBOOKS FOR OUR KIDS SAKE ! 
Thinks ACTIONS speak louder than words ! 
9999 : You are the sweetest and most kind darling there is . I admire ALL your accomplishments and hope oneday you and I can travel the world together . Shhh , I think you get you <3 for travel from me ... lol I love and miss you so much and wished that our families lived closer to each other . I am so proud of you and wish only success for you . I think of you more often that you might think and I Miss and <3 U Always !!!! 
Inbox me a number Between 1 and 2011 and I will respond in a status update using the number u sent me telling you what I really think about you ! :) 
1975 : U are truely a beautiful person inside and out and your sence of humor is unbelievable ! I loved hanging with U in our HS years , band camp was the best!I'll never forget our long conversations and the hysterrical times we had together . I also think , Althou U seldom admit to it , you care about ppl more than u r willing to admit outloud anyway . I am honored to call U my friend and hope 2 continue our friendship 4-ever ! 
As you may get caught up in the hustle and bustle of this holiday season , don't forget to reflect on the many \gifts/blessings\ " you already have . :) " 
816 : You are a very fun loving , beautiful , sweet person that I am very happy to know . I enjoy hanging out with you and look forward to having a < PROPFEMALE > the next time we get together . You are very down-to earth and easy to talk to and I enjoy your company . I'll never forget the blast we had in the limo shooting tequilla < PROPFEMALE > shots and dancing . Thanks for sharing lasting memories with me . :) 
13 : I have much respect for you . You are a kind , generous person with a VERY loving heart ! I have have enjoyed spending time with you and love hearing about your family endeavours . You are a wonderful mother and a dear friend . Althou we do not see each other much , you are thought about often and I look forward to many more years as friends . :) 
Good morning to ALL ! Happy Wednesday !!! 
0829 : Your radient smile is infectious and you have a delightful personallity . You are a very smart , warm-hearted person who cares for others unconditionally . Memories of HS are countless and as I reflect back , I giggle . We may be < PROPMALE > apart but you are close to my heart . I can say with confidence that I'm truely greatful to have reconnected with you and I'm blessed to call you my friend ! 
69 : LOL !!! I <3 U girl !!! You are FABULICIOUS !!!!! You are sweet , loveable , charming and CRAZY all at the same time , and I love it !!! You are a wonderful friend that I can chat about everything with or chat about nothing at all and without judgement ! You are an open minded , SMART , and beautiful spirit only few really get to know I absolutely adore you and am exstatic we have remained friends throught the years ! 
0923 : U are hillarious ! I love when we chat I am always giggling or BOL ! U have a crazy-fun personallity , which I <3 and a beautiful heart ! You are loving and compassionate2 those around U and R great with children . I love our down-to-earth conversations and I am really glad we have become friends . I look forward 2 where we can just < PROPFEMALE > out , sip on ' ritas , and giggle ! I'm truely blessed2 have such a beautiful friend as U . 
Well ,.. We survived our craft of making 150 ( ish)fleece knot pillows today so , it's off to the < PROPFIRST > McDonald house on Monday !!! Yayy 5th graders ! Way to make it happen !!! They ALL did such a GREAT job ! 
Hot < PROPMALE > crab legs and an Ice cold beer for dinner ! Yummmmmo !!! 
is singing ... \I can see clearly now the * SNOW * is gone ... It's gonna be a bright sunshiny day !!!! \ " Oh Wait !... Texas doesn't have snow !!! HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!! Bring on the school parties ... Whooo Hooooo !!! ;) " 
if I have to cut or see another piece of fleece I'm just gonna .....! 
couple of Mango Margaritas and it's all goooood ! ;) 
Happy Holidays to ALL !!!! XOXOXO 
< PROPFEMALE > Chrismas < PROPFEMALE > to ALL !!! XOXOXOX 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES ... < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY ... & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!! :) 
On this day 11 years ago we welcomed our first born child , < PROPFIRST > into this world . I want to wish him a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY today ! Also , Mom , Dad and Sissy love you very much < PROPFIRST > Celebi and wish only continued health and happiness for you for lifelong . XOXOXOX We love you soooo so very much !! :) Have a terrific day , sweetheart ! 
Watching the movie Gremlins with my sister , cousin and children ... lol WOW ! This movie takes me BACK a few years ... 
Where is it .. Where is it ..... com'mon where is it ? Ahhh , there you are lil tub of Chocolate icecream . Time to go make you into a nice ice cream sundae just for me . ( Hubby and Kiddos are all tucked in their beds ) YAYY MEEEEEE !!! ;) Ah , my holiday has nw begun , NO SHARING !!!!.... lol Shhhh , no laughing ! You'll wake them ... ROFL ! 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l l^^^^^^^^^^^^|\ 
l HAVE A SAFE ** AND * HAPPY NEW YEAR |” \”; .. 
???? *?°.?* .? ° ?. *?* Happy *?* ? * ?. \ 
? °_ ?? _ *.?* . / .? * .??.?. *.?* New* ? ? *\ 
?. (´• ? •) *.?*/ ?.? *?.* ? _ ? _____ . ? * ? * Year ! *??* \ 
. °( . • . ) ? ° . /• ' ? ' • .? *./______/~?* . ? *.??* ?. * ? \ 
*(...'•' .. ) * ??????? ° .??? ???????? * ? .? * . Health and Happiness to all ! 
Homemade Blueberry pancakes and turkey sausage for breakfast ... ohhh so yummy ! 
Idaho and Washington State ! Seriously ??? ugh ! 
Fresh Spinach and Cheese Roll Florintina , tossed salad and garlic bread for dinner tonite ! YUMMM !!! 
You and I wake up in jail together . using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 
Happy Birthday Pops ! Hope you have a wonderful day ! <3 U !!!! 
Is thinking about ALL her friends and loving each and everyone of you ! Wether we talk everyday , once a week or once a year ... or you live close by or very far away .... You ALL mean something to me and hold a special place in my heart ! And that is as HONEST as I can be ! <3 <3 <3 
I had to giggle ... I'm sitting in the kitchen listening to my children's conversation in the bedroom , while they are playing X-box , and I hear My 4 year old daughter ask my Son's 11 year old friend if he believes in fairys .... lol His responce .... uh , not really ... I LOVE IT !!! lol 
Wet and Cold ... brrrrrr 
only a 4 day week ... Yayy ! 
is thinking about tackeling the Christmas decor inside the house . Outside is done but there is a TON inside . It is more FUN putting it up than it is taking it down . :( 
Holy pajeebies ... IT's COOOOOLD !!!!! Brrrrrrr ! 
is sporting her goose down ski jacket in < PROPMALE > ! THAT is just REDICULOUS !!!! 
Houston>>>It's time to RODEO again ! Yeeehaw ! :) 
Middle school orientation tonite ! My lil guy is growing up WAY too fast ! * Sniff sniff * 
Remembers back in the day when doing donuts in the school parking lot was cooooool . lol 
I'm thinking that some Baileys in my mornings coffee today might just warm me up from these freeeeeeezing cold temps ? 
accidentally poured boiling hot water on the top of my hand while trying to make it into a thermos this morning ..... OUCH !!!!! It hurts !!! Guess I should have opened my eyes before pouring huh ? :( 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT********STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE-COPY AND REPOST ! 3 YR OLD BOY TAKEN BY MAN IN ROCHESTER MI DRIVING 2006 MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE . PLATE #98B351 REPOST NOW ! SERIOUSLY !!!!!!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger - this was on the national news 28 minutes ago . 
no school tomarrow ... YAYYYYY !!!!! 
Is so proud of our son , < PROPFIRST > . His Rodeo artwork has been selected for the KISD exibition and will be displayed in the 2011 KISD Rodeo < PROPMALE > Show ! Congratulations Son ... We are so proud of you ! :) 
is going to rest my weary head .... I KNOW ... A SHOCKER !!! lol 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along , I did . 
Happy Thursday everyone ! May the warmth of the sun shine down upon you and put a smile upon your face ! It's a beautiful day ! 
Let's go BEARS !!! :) 
Football , Hot wings and Ice cold beer .... ahhhhh 
TOUCHDOWN BEARS !!!! WHOO HOO ... COM'MON BABY !!! 
TOUCHDOWN BEARS ..... WHOO HOO !!! 
CON'MON ... You CAN do it BEARS !!! 
Congratulations Packers and Fans .... Us Bears ... we fought tough but , just not hard enough ... Good Luck to you !!!! 
LETS GO JETS !!!! :) 
As a result of LACK of excitement from todays FB games ..... I went ahead and made Peanut Butter Blossoms to sulk on .... lol 
Does anyone have a good Party PUNCH recipe . Non alcoholic and alcoholic . I need both ! Thanks ! :) Send it to me in my in-box ! 
Does anyone have a good Party PUNCH recipe . Non alcoholic and alcoholic . I need both ! Thanks ! :) Send it to me in my in-box ! 
Good morning to all ! Have a wonderful day ! :) 
is almost done preparing taxes .... ( sigh of relief ) :) 
To all my NH folks ... THURSDAY is Chick- fil- A SPIRIT NIGHT .... :) 
I feel like someone punched me in the ribs . When will the coughing stop ?.... :( I'm NOT sick though ... lol 
ATTENTION !! PRAYERS NEEDED !! To everyone that knows Mrs. Rocka !!! Her son was involved in a serious accident today at baseball practice . He was hit in the face with a ball and he has fractured facial bones and nose . They're meeting with a plastic surgeon in the morning . He's awake-Thank God ! It makes me really sick to my stomach just thinking about what they are going thru right now . 
Leftover spicy deer meat-meat sauce on my speghetti for lunch today = a ' lil piece of heaven and a big smile on my face :D 
is travelin ' down musical < PROPFIRST > .... <3 <3 <3 
Whoo hoo that wind is just a whippin ' ... Com'mon fridgid air/snow ... I'm ready to take you on ..... 
... is EXPECTING !! I know , I know it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself !!! \ 
I wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that I'm expecting !! Yup it's official . :) We are expecting * SNoW * AGAIN on Saturday !! ** Re-post if you have any sense of humor ! 
* < PROPMALE > FOLKS * KHOU-TV 11 News :\ 
Rolling blackouts will start again around 6 a.m. this morning . Ercot is asking you to conserve electricity between 6 and 8 a.m. Tune into 11 News This Morning for details . 
< PROPMALE > FOLKS UPDATE * : Rolling Blackouts Update : Ercot has informed us it can handle the statewide electricity demand and therefore , will not initiate rolling blackouts . 
KISD School Update : We have not canceled activities for Thursday or Friday , and the school days will continue to operate on normal schedules for now . However , Klein ISD is continuing to follow the weather , and we will update the website with any new information . \ 
UPDATED : 8:15 A.M. 
The Secretariat Film Finds a Third Grade < PROPFEMALE > from Klein ISD 
KISD UPDATE : KISD Weather Update\ 
Klein ISD is canceling all after school activities scheduled for today , Thursday , February 3 , 2011 . \ 
We will continue to monitor weather conditions regarding tomorrow’s schedule and will make a decision this evening or by 5:00 a.m. Friday morning at the latest . \ 
\ 
UPDATED : 12:40 P.M. 
KISD UPDATE : Klein ISD has canceled school for Friday , February 4 , 2011 . All after school activities both Thursday and Friday are also canceled . Our website , www.kleinisd.net , will be updated as needed . \ 
\ 
UPDATED : 2:45 P.M. 
no snowmen today ... just Ice sculptures ... lol 
going back to my WARM bed .... Let me know when all this excitement over NOTHING is over with ... 
Woke up to a headline that read ... \ Armed ROOSTER kills Cali man \ " ... OMG !!! Seriously ppl ?!!!! " 
Ooooooo , I hear birdies singing .... Is this a sign that spring is near ? Oh , I hope so ! ;) 
Feels like having an ALL girls PJ party starting with a yummy candlelight dinner followed by chick flicks , chocolate , popcorn and wine ... lol Oh ! and of course ,.. LOTS OF GIGGLES !!!! 
This mornings news Headlines .... Butt implants gone wrong ... lol ... i just can't EVEN imagine . ;) 
I see icicles forming on my house .... That is just WRONG !!!! What happend to the ' lil birdies that were singing outside my window just the other day ? :( 
\The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any . \ " ;) " 
School < PROPFIRST>'s Party today ... :) Oh man ! I was SURROUNDED by children and all of their love ! <3 <3 <3 Now it is time for pizza , popcorn and movies ! Comfy sofa and wonderful family ... Here I come ! Ahhh , glad it's the weekend . Have a great one everybody ! :) 
To my wonderful husband .... SENI COK SEVIYORUM CANIM !!!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 I <3 You with ALL my heart , forever and always ! 
<3 <3 <3 Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone !! <3 <3 <3 
To celebrate Valentines Day change your profile pic to you and your spouse/significant other , and make sure you tell how long you've been together . Kemal and I have been together 14 years and Married for 12 :) 
To my darling husband Kemal , Dogum Gunun Kutlu Olsun ! The kids and I want to wish you a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY today 02/15 !!!!! May you be forever blessed with MANY more wonderful years to celebrate your life ! We <3 you and wish lasting health and happiness for you , ALWAYS ! Happy Birthday Canim ! 
Has survived the 5th grade field trip to the Childrens Museum ! :) Lots of fun ! 
The digging has begun .... 
To all my Michigan folk ... It's like 80 degrees here ! Anyone wanna come and visit ????? LOL !!!! 
You can tell alot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans . \ 
~ Ronald < PROPFEMALE > 
Please keep my Brothers ' girlfriends family in your prayers ... Their home was destroyed by the New Zealand Earthquake . :( 
We went to Daniels's first orchestra concert tonite . ;) My son can play the Violin ! WOW !!! 
Went to open house tonite ! Last one for our Son ... sniff sniff 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has / had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... in the status of all my friends 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how u met me . But I want u to lie . That's right , just make it up . After u comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! 
Tonites news headline ... no joke ---> It might be the least appetizing sounding dessert EVER . Tonight on Local 2 at 10 .. breast milk ice cream . Seriously ???? NASTY !!!! 
Banana :) 
((((((( < PROPFEMALE > W ... U out there ??? ))))))) ;) 
Facebook FYI : Look at your URL address ; if you see \http :\ " instead of \ " https :\ " then you don't have a secure session and you could be hacked . \ 
OK ,... for all those NON GAMERS who would like a secure connection ---> Facebook FYI : Look at your URL address ; if you see \http :\ " instead of \ " https :\ " then you don't have a secure session and you could be hacked . \ 
HOUSTON ... It's Rodeo Time !!! Whoo hoo !!! :) 
My 4 year old daughter's joke of the day ... Alexis ... \knock knock\ " Me .... \ " Who's there ? \ " Alexis ..... \ " Boo\ " Me ..... \ " Boo Who ? \ " Alexis ... \ " Why are you crying Mom ? It's just a silly joke ! \ " Omigosh ! R U Kidding me ? She is so funny ! I <3 her ! " 
Figured out why I'm fat ! The shampoo I use in the shower that runs down my body says \for extra volume and body\ " . I'm going to start using \ " Dawn\ " dish soap . It says \ " dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove\ " . Repost if you have the same issue . LOL ! :) " 
Anyone with tickets to Sugarland and can't go ?.... let me know ! ;) 
Is wishing our sweet little angel a very HAPPY 5th BIRTHDAY today !!!! Mom , Dad and Abi LOVE YOU very much ! Happy Birthday Sissy !!! We <3 you !!! 
Ya ? mur ya ?? yor .... raining .... 
Boosterthon \FUN RUN\ " Pep rally today = Success ! Yayyy ! " 
Dancing through the decades = TOTAL BLAST !!! Happy Spring Break to all !!!! :) 
at home chillin ' today after a fun day at the Motor Speedway last night .... Wow ! What an action packed evening ! :) Ton of FUN ! 
MONDAY NIGHT RAW !!!!! :) 
off to catch a few Zzzzzzzzz's! :) 
Just saw the movie Rengo with the kiddos ! :) 
is off to watch THE FIGHTER and drink one last ' < PROPFEMALE > before calling it a night ! :) 
Took the kiddos to Bouncin ' Bears and Chick fil A for lunch ! Visited with a friend and had a wonderful day ! <3 these types of relaxing afternoons ! 
Would like to wish all the < PROPFEMALE > folks out there a very HAPPY ST . PATRICK'S DAY !!!!! :) 
Felt the luck of the < PROPFEMALE > when he pinched me on the bottom and started to laugh ! HA ! Just my luck ! ;) 
Silver Banana 
OMG ! If you received a link on a babys birth from me ... Sorry ! It posted all on its own ! It is GRAPHIC !!!! 
\Bummer ! School starts again tomarrow ! \ " says < PROPFIRST > . I say YIPPPPPEEEEEE !!!!! ;) " 
Here we goooooooooo ! Welcome to you , MONDAY ! 
Good Morning to Everyone !!!! Hope y'all have a very pleasant day today ! :) 
Benim Turkce aile ... Sizi Seviyorum ve biz seni ozluyorum !!! <3 <3 <3 
Chick fil A Spirit Night tonight and Boosterthon FUN RUN TOMARROW !! WHOOT WHOOT !!!! 
FUN RUN TODAY !!! YAYYYY !!!!!! oh , and did I mention ... It's FRIDAY !!!!! W\ 
hoo hoo ! 
RE : NH FUN RUN SCHEDULE .. Times are as follows ... 8:30 PK AM and 1st , 9:30 2nd and 3rd , 10:30 4th and 5th and 12:30 PK PM and K :) 
Had a really fun day @ NH today volunteering @ the FUN RUN ! WOW , our kiddos were SO EXCITED !!! Most of all , ... They ALL were pumped up and ran hard . Congratulations on a job well done . Way to go NH !!!!! :) 
If ya got a musioc request , I'll play it for ya ! :) 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > Kahler < PROPFIRST > 
is off to \dream a little dream\ " .... Night FB friends ! " 
I <3 U < PROPFIRST > Tahin 
Chicago style deep dish pizza is SOOOOOO Delish ! Yummmm ! 
Monday night RAW !!!! Whoo hoo ! 
Tonite TRIPLE H vs THE UNDERTAKER .... 
Santino CRACKS me UP !!!!!.. lol 
Holy cowza the UNDERTAKER is CREEPY !!!! 
awe , SNAP ! 
I soooo Dislike < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! What a < PROPFIRST > Donkey !.. lol What the ... Swagger and Lawler ? What ? < PROPMALE > can't do it himself ?... IDIOT ! 
Oh Oh Oh !!!!!! THE ROCK !!!!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 
((((((( < PROPFEMALE > )))))) CENA HAS ARRIVED !!!!.. lol 
Awe ,.. Looky Looky who showed up to the party , Mr. Awesome himself ... lol 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Gengo when Ya commin ' over ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Brass When Ya commin ' over ? ;) 
it is just a blaaaa kind of day today ! No bells , no whistles either . Hope something changes my direction . 
NH folks : Kindergarten Round-up is April 19th @ 9AM . :) 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? Its Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding . Thanks ~ 
We had an enjoyable dinner @Spring Creek Barbeque with my Aunt and Uncle in from Chicago and my Mom and Pops tonite . Thank you ! 
GOOD MORNING !!!! Hope everyone has a wonderful day , It is a bright shining day here in < PROPMALE > ! I <3 it ! Oh yea , don't forget to wear your smiles today !!!!! :) :) :) 
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY EVERYONE !!!! :) 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU HERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . 
Had a very enjoyable day spending time with family out on Lake Conroe today ! Thanks Mom ,.. The fajitas were delish ! :) 
CHOCOLATE .... I NEED CHOCOLATE !!!!! YES , It is a NEED !!!!! lol 
I want a hippopotamus for christmas ... only a hippopotamus will do ...... 
Started watching a 3month old baby yesterday and I am in LOVE !!!! He is the sweetest little baby ever !!!!! 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome son or sons that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
I <3 U my Sweet Handsome < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
If you don't want the truth , don't ask me . If you want something sugarcoated , go eat a donut ! lol I just couldn't resist ! ;) 
Had an AWESOME family outing today to the San < PROPMALE > Day Festival and Battle Reenactment to celebrate the 175th Anniversary of Texas ' independence . ( the reenactment was super cool ) We also visited the Battleship Texas , the San < PROPMALE > Battleground Historical sites and the Monument ! Thank you to my family for the gift of a perfect day ! I love you ! 
The Tahin family wishes all who celebrate Easter a happy one ! Happy Easter !!!!! 
Had a WONDERFUL time getting together with family this past weekend . ( some whom I hadn't seen in 30 years ish ) LOVED the hotel party in our room .. GOOD LORD !!! How many ppl can you fit into one room ???... lol Nights to remember for sure ! LOVE AND MISS ALL OF YOU ! 
Hello Ghost Rider .... lol Glad you made it home safely ! 
It's a musical morning ! :) 
