head ache and tired . oh and i made up my mind :) haha yea . 

yuck . yuck . yuck . dont feel good ... blah ... :( 
thats what ya get when you let your heart win ... 
friday is my sweet 16 party ! you should come !!! :) please ! lol ! 7-11 my house ! text er call if ya need to know anything else ! :) 
gonna go eat some or well a lot of food cuz im kinda sad right now ... but im really happy at the same time . its weird . dont try to understand ... 
AMAZING day yesterday !!! spent all day with < PROPFIRST > n issaiah !!! then my party was tight too ! :) im really really happy !!! :) 
had an amazing day with issaiah yesterday !!! :) 
haha i love < PROPFIRST > and issaiah !!! we have amazing times together even if it just on the phone lol !!! :) couldnt ask for better friends !!! :) love you guys ! and i love you too < PROPFEMALE > ! :) BFFL !!! 
had a good time with < PROPFEMALE > n issaiah earlier today ! :) i love them ! :) 
dont get to go see my brother :( blah . evil table im killing it when i feel better !!! :( 
way way tired but cant sleep ... grr ! :( 
life is hard when you havent heard from either of your 2 best friends in almost a week ... :( 
tired and sore but its all good yesterday was a good day ! :) it was taylors sweet 16 ! :) 
UGH !!! mom says no more monster for me !!! :( im mad !!! GRR !!! 
i hate when people break your trust n lie to you n think they can get away with it !!! 
unless you are < PROPFEMALE > issaiah or < PROPFIRST > do not text call or message me ! i dont want to talk right now ! i am thinkin n figurein somethin out ! i need my time ! 
hmm ... questions ... 
tired . frustrated . dont know what to believe right now ... miss my brother n want him him home ... ugh im a teenager i shouldnt be going thru so much stress like this . but whatever its all good :) :/ :( 
caribou this morning !!! :) yay ! 
blah tired out of my mind ... wish i could sleep ... its not fair ... :( 
issaiahs grad party tomorrow ! n taylors comin over n shes spandin the night ! so all that should be fun ! :) n i cant wait for lake < PROPFEMALE > christian camp with the youth group in a lil over a week !!! :D :D :D YAY ! missin my bffl n my brother ! 
issaiahs grad party tomorrow ! n taylors comin over n shes spendin the night ! so all that should be fun ! :) n i cant wait for lake < PROPFEMALE > christian camp with the youth group in a lil over a week !!! :D :D :D YAY ! missin my bffl n my brother ! gonna go try n ge 
thinking about a lot ... 
i almost just want you gone ... but i love you to much ... 
issaiah n < PROPFEMALE > stopped by today ! :) im thinking a lot ... 
really bad head ache . im frustated n thinking a lot ... i need a massage this week ... that would be so nice but ... no money :( stressed !!! 
UGH !!! people frustrate me !!! n make me very mad ! :( 
oooo storms :) 
goin to bellas tonight !!! :) YAY !!! 
gotta go get ready to go to bellas :) later ! text it !!! :) :) :) 
but she wears short skirts , I wear t-shirts She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers Dreaming bout the day when you'll wake up and find That what you're lookin for has been here the whole time If you could see that I'm the one who understands you Been 
saw < PROPFEMALE > issaiah n < PROPMALE > today !!! yay ! :) thinkin a lot ... 
im bored im gonna go draw err somethin ... text me ! so i can be < PROPFEMALE > bored lol :) but yea im out ... later ! 
sore n need a massage but cant get one for over a week :( tired . packing for lake < PROPFEMALE > christian camp !!! :) im excited !!! goin to the bffl(alysha)s house tomorrow then sleepin over then we're leavin for camp for the week !!! :D 
i want some cookie dough lol it sounds good right now !!! :) 
these boys got me trippin ... idkk ... :p im so happy to have my bffl < PROPFEMALE > ( see you soon ) cuz if i didnt this would be an imposable situation for me to deal with !!! :) 
goin to alyshas then we're goin to LAKE < PROPFEMALE > with the youth group in the mornin !!! this is gonna be a great week !!! :) love you all n talk to ya when i get back !!! :) 
back fom lake < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) it was amazing !!! :) 
doctors think i have h1n1(swine flu ) pray n hope for the best please . they say i should be fine witht the pilss they gave me . 
doin a lot better !!! :) thanks for the prayers n stuff dont even have a fever any more :) praise God !!! :) 
tired , gettin better from the flu !!! thanks for the prayers everyone God's answerin them :) ( p.s lake < PROPFEMALE > christian camp all last week was absolutely amazing !!! :)) 
ugh i hate this i'll feeel fine then horrible then fine then horrible again !!! i just want this stupid flu or h1n1 or what ever it is to GO AWAY !!! grrs ! 
feel like wearing my pretty dress ... but i cant cuz im sick n i'll get my germs all over it n i wont be < PROPMALE > to wear it again :( i feel like being pretty tonight ... n idk why ... i just do ... :( 
ugh head ache !!! :( i want this flu to go away !!! 
tired . sore . stupid flu :( gonna go rest ... h1n1 is gay !!! 
feelin a lil better :) n i get to go see my brother in kansas !!! :) leavin early friday mornin !!! :) 
aww i feel special my youth friends brought me flowers and a get well card :) oh n brownies too lol YAY !!! i love them ! :) 
home from kansas n tired !!! 
gettin my hair done today !!! :) 
coloing my hair today !!! :) 
coloring my hair today !!! :) 
dyed the hair purple !!! lol im a grape :D 
in a bad mood :/ people are so stupid sometimes ... 
passed me drivers test today !!! :) 
lost a friend ... push me away for no reason ... 
hmm ... bad day today ... but oh well i will live lol :) 
:p 
use me as you will pull my strings just for a thrill . n i know i'll be ok tho my skys are turning gray . 
tired . 
sexyyy new shirt lol :P 
hehe im hyper lol !!! haha this is funny !!! :) :P :D lolz 
im bored ... talk ? 
cant ever seem to get it right no matter how hard i try ... i'll never meet thte standards n you'll always think of me how you do now ... even if what you think of me couldnt get farther from the truth ... :/ 
mhmm ... 
< PROPMALE > out with issaiah today :) it was fun . family issues ... :/ eh not so fun . not readu for school to start tomorrow ... 
< PROPMALE > out with issaiah today :) it was fun . family issues ... :/ eh not so fun . not ready for school to start tomorrow ... 
hmm ... idk this is confusing maybe it wouldnt be if i woulda just said what i ment instead of idk ... i mean you wouldnt have just asked you had a reason n i know that but its just so hard ... i just dont wanna get hurt like last time n i shouldnt let that hold me back but i do ... i guess i just wanna tell you i love you ... n if your still wondering if id ever go out with you the answer is yes i would go out with you ... 
oh snap ! lol 
:) im happy ! 
so i sorta kinda most definitely maybe just a lil bit fell for you ... 
cuz i only gotta see ya furr 2 < PROPFEMALE > n it turns my day around ... haha :) 
am i just another priceless work of < PROPMALE > in your gallery ? or do you actually care ? idk what to think of you right now ... 
lol i feel like playin video games today . ssbm n < PROPFIRST > cart furr sure hahaha :) 
im stressed . im tired . i try . i get hurt . blah . 
hmmm ... tired ... homecoming tomorrow !!! yay ! :) 
homecomeing n dance tonight !!! then < PROPFEMALE>'s sleepin over !!! haha yay !!! tonights gonna be a good night ! tonights gonna be a good good night !!! :) 
blah . homework . 
oh the things i go thru ... 
what i did made you hate me . but your hate tword me is a small price to pay to of helped you from messin up your entire life . 
snow :) 
heyy :) im pretty good just got back from youth convention . how bout you ? 
so youth convention was absolutely AMAZING !!! yea it was tight :) you know what im sayin , ya know what i mean , aww yeah ! lol . this changes everything ! 
please pray for < PROPFEMALE > lindskier's friends n family . she commited suicide n died last night around 11 . wish she woulda texted me before she did ... she woudn't have done it then ... i could always talk her out of it ... :( 
they say every dark cloud has a silver lining ... maybe its there for me but it sure doesnt feel like it ... 
well ... idk ... 
i try to hold onto this world with everything i have but i feel the weight of what it brings and the hurt that tries to grab . the many trials that seem to never end . his word declares this true that we will enter in this rest with wonders anew but i hold on to this hope n the promise that he brings . there will be a place with no more suffering . there will be a day ... 
uhg ... bad day ... :( 
headache . n my eyes hurt from crying n pushing my fingers on them ... yea ... bad day . really bad day ... :( i just want things to get better ... 
headache . n my eyes hurt from crying n pushing my fingers in them ... yea ... bad day . really bad day ... :( i just want things to get better ... 
ugh !!! this so would happen to me after a good day ... :( 
psh . im so confused lol . 
hmm ... thinking ... :) 
grr ... 
mmm whatchya say mmm that you only ment well , well of course you did . mmm whatchya say mmm that its all for the best because it is . 
another disappointment . grr . im really getting tired of this situation . 
boys lie to much ... :( it hurts . ' i love you always n forever no matter what ' ' i'll always be there for you no matter what any day any time ' yea whatever ... LIAR !!! ugh . 
if he's dumbe enough to walk away , be smart enough to let him go . 
cuz i get 1,000 hugs from 10,000 lightning bugs as they try to teach me how to dance ! :) 
mmmm ! oreos ! yummy !!! 
its hard to say i'd rather stay awake when i'm asleep because everything is never as it seems . 
its my bffls birthday ! happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) ily ! 
school tomorrow ... blah . cant we just have it off till after new yaers ??? lol . 
la de da . blah . 
i'm wonderful ! :) i love christmas music ! :) 
yay ! snow :) 
* shiver * what ? cold ?! in MN ! no way ! never .... what would make you say that ?... * shiver * 
and you ask me what i want his year and i try to make this kind and clear just a < PROPMALE > that maybe we'll find better days cuz i dont need boxes wrapped in strings and designer love and empty things just a < PROPMALE > that maybe we'll find better days . 
AHHH !!!! stupid computer is being fricken retarded . my house is driving me insane !!! twitch twitch .... but i love tayor cuz she's here keeping me sane :) 
tired . sore . frustrated . need a vacation/getaway . so yeeaaa ... talk to me ? 
maybe ... ah . huh . uhm . hm . eh . uh . no . yes . AH ! idk ... cant make my mind up about anything anymore ... hmm . i'll figure it out tho ... 
oh no !!! :( my brothers kicking me off the computer ... :( now i cant take care of my fishies or my farm ... hahahahahaha jk . lol :) 
it shoulda , it coulda , it woulda been real ... 
you're the answer to my question why , the reason i survive , the meaning of my existance , my whole life , everything i need , you give me hope , you give me comfort , you calm my anger , you set me on fire , i want you to consume me . Jesus you are the only reason why :) 
haha little brother was teachin me how to play black ops today :P its actually kinda fun o.O 
my little brother should hurry up and get home ! i want to learn more black ops ! haha :D yea im crazy lol but thats alright at least it makes me fun and fairly unpredictable hahaha ! :P 
dear heart , \ 
\ 
please be careful , you have just recently been healed and i would apreciate it if you wouldnt break again :) \ 
thank you dearly , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > :) \ 
p.s. proceed with caution . 
thursday spent a couple hours at the doctor they didnt figure out what was wrong . friday went to the hospital to get an ultrasound so they could check out my organs and figure out whats wrong . the call was supposed to come yesterday ... grrs . today im waiting for the call . i just wanna know whats wrong with me so they can fix it and stuff . 
still waiting for the doctor to call ... its frustraiting i just wanna know whats wrong with me ... 
take my hand take my heart take me anywhere you are . :) 
had a good day with goeffrey today :) 
i dont like the kind of people that like all the attention on themselves and if any of it goes away they freak out or get mad . its stupid . the world doesnt revolve around you get over it and grow up . 
bed time . tomorrow is my birthday ! :) 17 ... ugh one year closer to paying bills lol . oh well gotta grow up sometime right ? i am excited tho :) cuz 16 wasn't so sweet ... ready to move on from that year cuz i got better people now :) like goeffrey :) 
really wish people would know the whole story ... it hurts having eveything blamed on me . it takes two . we both messed up and my depression is not new its been going on for years(if you didnt notice ) . and people need to get the story straight and stop spreading stuff around the school . this situation is not to be blamed on my bf . we were drifting way before me n him . so whatever . 
anyone have a sprint phone they dont use any more ? i really need one ... mine broke :( 
feels like each time im doin a little bit better something happens to make stuff worse or more stressful . even if things have only been good for a day or two of course something has to happen to screw it up . im so sick and tired of this i just want it to stop . i need a get away . i feel like the life in me is being sucked out . 
thinking a little to much today ... grrs ... oh well ... i love you goeffrey ! :) 
jealousy is such an ugly emotion . how true is that i mean really its horible . dont be jealous of what you dont have be thankful for what you do have . 
im happy today :) 
so im happy :) and today was a good day :) and i love goeffrey :) 
i love how we can still have the best time no matter what kind of mood we're in . just spending time together makes it better :) 
in a way i have to , in a way i dont , in a way i want to , in a way i dont . idk i'll figure it out i guess ... grr . never thought i would even want to talk to this kid again . counselor says i should tho ... she says it would help ... 
tired tired tired ... just tired . 
glad i gould help goeffrey feel a little better today :) 
thinking . but good . 
if my heart was a house you'd be home :) 
so much for getting a vacation ... not goin to arizona any more ... grrs . ugh i need a vacation sooo bad . life is complicated . thinking about stuff ... the conversations from last night and a decision i made . but idk we'll see what happens . 
I've seen a < PROPMALE > man beg I've seen a good man sin I've seen a tough man cry I've seen a loser win And a sad man grin I heard an honest man lie I've seen the good side of bad And the down side of up And everything between 
so yesterday was 3 months :) im happy about that . i love you goeffrey diller <3 
cosmic brownies :) yummy ! 
had fun hangin out with goeff today . played apples to apples with my family for part of the time lol . fun fun :) 
grrs ... rough day . :/ 
Kind of frustraited ... Grr ... People should really stop lying it's annoying and makes me mad ... Oh and their are 2 people I want to go away and never come back and never hear about or anything ever again . Ugh ... Whatever I guess . 
i need someone to go with to prom ... my bf cant go he has to work at the festival of nations ... grrs . so yea any one wanna go with me ??? 
tired . sore . frustrated . belly button got ripped a bit from belly button ring cuz the bucked of rocke slipped a bit while i was carying it up the steps . OUCH ! im ok tho . 
tired . sore . frustrated . belly button got ripped a bit from belly button ring cuz the bucket of rocks slipped a bit while i was carying it up the steps . OUCH ! im ok tho . 
i think to much . i worry to much . i dont let things go . i never forget the things i want to the most . i hold grudges . i forgive but never forget . i say things i shouldnt . i dont say things i should . i do things i shouldnt . i dont do things i should . i smile when im sad . i cry when im happy . dang idk im just me . :p 
Saw Issaiah today ... First time in like 7 months maybe more ... Yea . Um idk how I feel about it . Kinda happy in a way and not on another . so yea . Kind of a bad day over all but it ended ok . Love you goeff <3 
can you say delete ? delete ! yea ... your turn ... ready , set , go delete ! haha yea ... :P dont try to understand this it wont work lol only i know . hahahahah . you wish you knew . 
sims time :) haha yea 
just applied a few places ... hope i get a job soon :) gotta save up for a car , insurance , and college :) yup yup . wish me luck . 
so prom was fun :) 
why would you take away national day of prayer . if your such a christian you would want to keep it . oh and by the way to all the administration at RHS you have no right to tell me i cant pray at school . and just so you know me and my friends were praying for YOU ! 
Stop putting your trust in mere humans . They are as frail as breath . How can they be of help to any one ? < PROPMALE > 2:22 
hope for the best but expect the worst . 
The trouble w/truth is it never lies & the trouble w/wrongs That its never right So I rest my head under ur light The trouble w/peace is it never fights & the trouble w/loves That its always blind I want 2 walk 2 the edge of it tonight & I fall down The trouble with tears is that they dry & the trouble within Made me wanna cry 
first day of work went well :) the people there are nice :) gotta love mcdonalds :) 
so i have been thinking about getting an indutrial bar and < PROPMALE > piercings what do you think ? 
idk ... tired . sad . mad . hopefuly < PROPMALE > will stop by . and i miss my bf :/ havent seen hin in a couple days and i need a hug from him . 
They called them crazy when they started out Said seventeen's too young to know what loves about They've been together fifty-eight years now That’s crazy . - love like crazy by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I Love You Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common since Never let your prayin knees get lazy And love like crazy 
it would be nice if this one person would stop stairing at me all the time ... its really starting to bug me ... its a little creepy ... and it doesnt help that its a girl either ... blah . thinking about saying something so i dont have to put up with it next year at school too . 
God does not hate anyone . He loves everybody no matter what ! 
Could we pretend that airplains in the night sky are like shooting stars I could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now ... 
i love you goeffery diller <3 1.1.10 :) you make me soooo happy :) 
yay ! summer ! :) no school for a while ! :) YES !!! Senior now . haha . i love you goeff ! 
blah . 
ugh ... idk ... i hope things get better . 
u change ur mind Like a girl changes clothes Yea u PMS like a bitch I would know n u always think Always speak cryptically I should know That ur no good for me cuz ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur no ur in n ur out ur up n ur down ur wrong when its right Its black n its white We fight we break up We kiss we make up u dont really wanna stay no but u dont really wanna go oh 
its alllll gooood :) 
lets make this uncomplicated shall we :) 
gots a lot to think about ... 
grr ... lame ... 
soooooo confused about so many things ... ugh . :( 
tired ... just got off work . 
i like work :) it takes my mind off things . they are calming down now tho . hmmm . i guess we'll see what happens . 
... cuz im about to let go of this rope im holding onto to see where the fall takes me and to see who catches me ... ( grr ... IDK ) :( 
my heads spinning :( i dont like it ... 
:,( 
OUCH ! frickin a that hurt ... :/ why'd you do it ? thats not nice ... 
If she'd let herself , she'd drown in a world of pain ... 
Ahhhhh ! Ok so this kid was totally flirting with me while he was ordering his food today and so I flirted back then .... I found out he was 14 !!!!!!!!!! In my defence he looked 16 ... Blah . Oops ... :/ 
i havent seen you in idk how long . but you were in my dream last night ... and i have been seeing you but your really not there ... i dont understand ... maybe i miss you ? idk . 
next time baby , i'll be bullet proof ... 
My girl < PROPFEMALE > s cryin when shes lyin on her bed at night I can see that shes screamin when shes dreamin 4 freedom My girl < PROPFEMALE > s dyin while shes tryin hard to stop this fight Dont stop believin my girl < PROPFEMALE > cant u see Its not the circumstances that determine who ur gonna be But how u deal with these problems n pains that come ur way Its 4 u that I pray with hope 4 a brighter day So I say ur deliverance is comin 
</3 hurting ... a lot :,( 
youth group is at my house on wednesday !!! if you need directions shoot me a message or call/text me :) it should be fun 
i CANT believe it . do YOU realize how happy i am now ? i SEE life in a different way without you . i cant even remember HOW we felt in love . it was a SAD day , then everything got better ! I dont love you . i REALLY dont . trust me , i AM not lying ! im fine WITHOUT YOU . 
well had fun hangin out with < PROPMALE > today :) haha park and pillow fight lol . then ... talked to goeff </3 and punched the wall a few times ... :,( ouchies ... i think the wall is hurt more tho ... sorry mom n dad ... :/ hopefuly hangin with < PROPMALE > again tomorrow . 
Could we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now ... 
Had a great time with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > alythia < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) \we both know I'm hotter then you\ " hahahahhaha ! Favvv part ! Book was better than the movie . It could been a bit better . Ohs well still had a great time :) gonna see eclipse on Friday too ! With my raisin ! :) " 
It's probably cuz ya think you're cooler than me :P 
maybe thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano ... ( it causes the loudest most desperate yells , screams , and cries that have ever come out of your body ... ) 
got another call from North Central University today ! :) yay ! they're gonna help me take the right classes at a community college so they car transfer :) im excited ! gotta start applying soon . 
got another call from North Central University today ! :) yay ! they're gonna help me take the right classes at a community college so they can transfer :) im excited ! gotta start applying soon . 
shh . see i got you all figured out . you need every one's eyes just to feel seen . Gilr , you're so vein . you probably think this song is about you . dont you ? dont you ? i used up all of my tricks , i hope that you like this . but you probably wont , you think you're cooler than me . :P 
got some sun today :) 
you got designer shades just to hide your face and you wear em around like your cooler than me . :P 
wow cant believe im this bored that im finding things to \like\ " on facebook ... cool life ... gonna go read or something . its hot out today ... " 
im in a very good mood right now :) 
Internet decided not to work on my computer ... Again ... Grr . 
Reverse psychology is failing miserably It's so hard to be left all alone Telling you is the only < PROPMALE > for me There is nothing left but to turn and face you When I look into your eyes there nothing there to see Nothing but my own mistakes staring back at me Asking why The sacrifice of hiding in a lie The sacrifice is never knowing Why I stay When you just push away No matter what you see You're still so blind to me 
Bang ! Pow ! BOOM !!! haha . poof . 
Now you get to watch her leave Out the window Guess that's why they call it window pane . 
goin to the beach with the family i guess . hopefuly no more sun burn and the water is nice . 
gotta love walking home a few < PROPMALE > in the rain and lightning ... :P 
Those nights you can't sleep and keep waking up are the best ! Ha ! Well no not really but still . 
oh the things people say ... lol . :P 
you make things so complicated ... 
YAY ! finaly i got the song to work on my iPod ! im so happy !!! :D 
youth group is at my house again this week !!! :) 
Lets just call it quits its probably better So if Im not returnin ur calls its cuz Im not comin back Im closin the door I used to be trippin over missin u but Im not anymore I got the picture phone but baby ur pictures gone Couldnt stand to see ur smile every time u dialed cuz its over u know its over this time So when u call Im pressin 7 Dont wanna hear ur messages messages Im tryna erase u from my mind . 
Had fun with < PROPFEMALE > last night lol she spent the night . Gotta love chillin at target for a couple hours haha . 
how is it that YOU broke up with ME , but YOU are the one that MISSES ME ? YOU are the one with a NEW GF . and I am the one that MOVED ON ... I had no problem not talking to YOU but YOU are totaly lost WITHOUT ME ... it makes no sense ... YOU NEED ME ... but I DONT NEED YOU ! 
tired and hyper :P haha i like monster ! 
talk to me !!! :) im hyper !!! :) oh and i gots to clean my room soon . :p 
you confuse me !!! more than any one i swear !!! ugh ! lol . its all good tho . i got this :P i think ... haha . talk talk talk ??? im bored ... and the monster i had keeps giving me spurts on energy lol . 
hmmmm what to do today ? 
so im thinking the next time i get a hair cut im gonna do something fun with it :) any ideas ??? 
You give me a headache ... Blah . 
its over . completely over . get that through your head . you broke up with me and maybe to you that was a mistake but if it is then its one you have to live with . 
Tell me is the money worth your soul ? Tell me what's the reason that you hold on , \ 
When you know that dude has a whole wall of ' em just like you ? And girl you're just way too fine Gotta be treated as one of a kind Girl use your mind Don't be just another dime ( Gallery - < PROPFIRST > ) 
you aint gonna tie me down . 
Computer under attack calling all reinforcements ! We've been hit I repeat we've been hit ! Lol 
had fun with < PROPFIRST > and everyone yesterday :) and had fun with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > today :) even tho < PROPFIRST > threw me in a fountain ... lol :P 
:P I win . Bye :) 
Blah blah blah all these girls got their words and names to throw at me but they don't even know lol :) 
getting the people who aren't good for me out of my life onenperson at a time . 4 down who knows how many more to go . Funny how 3 of those 4 are guys ... Hmmm . 
I hate when people take what I say/mean out of context ... Ugh . Oh well . 
Blah blah blah . :p 
The honest cries of a broken heart are better than a hallelujah sometimes ... 
Tears of shame for what's been done the silence when the tears won't come are better than a hallelujah sometimes . Beautiful the mess we are the honest cries of breaking hearts are better that a hallelujah . 
Tears of shame for what's been done the silence when the words won't come are better than a hallelujah sometimes . Beautiful the mess we are the honest cries of breaking hearts are better that a hallelujah . 
people make me smile :) haha wow i love when people try and bring you down but you turn it around :P 
Headache from the sirens . Blah . 
I'm ready for school to start ... Don't judge me ! Lol :P 
at dunn bros ... mom n dad are signing papers about a house ... hmmm .... zimmerman ... 
Well then ... I um ... Hmmm ... Idk ... 
yay computer is fixed :) 
trying means nothing unless you are accomplishing what you are trying to do . 
I’m on my feet I’m on the floor I’m good to go . Now all I need is just to hear a song I know . I wanna always feel like part of this , Was , Mine . I wanna fall in love tonight . ( < PROPFIRST > eat world - praise chorus ) 
just found out i get my braces off in a little over a month ! :) YAY ! im excited ! hehe ! 
you can only push a girl away for so long untill she walks out of your life on her own so be careful and make sure this is what you want because once she turns around ... she isnt coming back . 
I'm looking for attention not another question Should you stay or should you go ? Well if you don't have the answer , why you still standing here ? Hey hey hey hey , just walk away\ 
( < PROPFIRST > clarkson - walk away ) 
He tells everyone a story , because he feels his life is boring , and he fights so you won't\ 
ignore him , because that's his biggest fear , and he cries , but you'll rarely see him do it . He loves , but he's scared to use it . So he hides behind the music , cause he likes it that way . He knows , He's so much more than worthless , he needs to find the surface , because he's starting to get nervous . 
Im puttin on my shades < PROPFEMALE > cover up my eyes Im jumpin in my ride Im headin out < PROPFEMALE > night Im solo Im ridin solo Im ridin solo Im ridin solo solo . I'm feelin like a s < PROPFEMALE > r you cant stop my shine Im lovin cloud 9 my heads in the sky . Im solo Im ridin solo Im ridin solo Im ridin solo solo . Now Im feelin how I should never knew single could feel this good oh Stop playin misunderstood back in the game who knew I would oh . 
Mmm whatcha say ? Mmm that you only meant well ? Well of course you did Mmm whatcha say ? Mmm that it's all for the best ? Of course it is ... 
i'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly , its hard to say i'd rather stay awake when im asleep cuz everything is never as it seams ( fireflys - owlcity ) 
Talk , talkin a lot , but it's still talk gotta love how it's somehow all on me all the petty scenes and all the pretty things say whatever you want cuz I can laugh it off . I can laugh it off . ( let it happen - < PROPFIRST > eat world ) 
work from noon to 5 today . hopefuly my back and legs dont kill me and they cooperate today . 
How many of usreally know everybody on our facebook friend list ?? Here's a task foryou ... leave a comment about how you met me . After you have commented , copy this onto your status - you'll be amazed at the responses you get 
so heres how i know im over you : i saw your gf today and as soon as i saw her and i knew she had you i was very happy , it made my day :) but she looked very mad when she saw me ... hmm why is that ? any way gotta get up at 5 have work at 6 get off at 11 then eye appointment later in the day :) yay new glasses ! 
i love when people think yelling thru a TEXT will get to you lol :P its kinda lame . 
thinkin about doin cross country running for a fall sport this year :) anyone wanna join me ? 
Maybe u want her maybe u need her Maybe u started to compare to someone not there Maybe u want it maybe u need it Maybe its all ur runnin from Perfection will not come n all at once the crowd begins to sing Sometimes We'd never know whats wrong without the pain Sometimes the hardest thing n the right thing r the same Maybe u want her maybe u need her Maybe u had her maybe u lost her to another ( all at once-the fray ) 
monday i get to see my brother !!! :) yay ! hes gonna be home for 2 weeks ! :) im excited but not so excited for the time fallowing when he gets deployed ... :( thats gonna suck . 
< PROPFIRST > Wentworth : \are you there ? \ " sierra :\ " no\ " taylor :\ " oh dang ... oh wait ! that means you are still there ! haha i almost < PROPMALE > up ... \ " sierra : hahaha :P " 
Lets get the story straight u were a poison u flooded through my veins u left me broken u tried to make me think That the blame was all on me With the pain u put me through And now I know that its not me its u Its not me its u Always has been u All the lies and stupid things u say and do Its u Its not me its u All the lies and pain u put me through I know that its not me its u ! ( its not me its u-skillet ) 
apparently im psycho now ... well according to < PROPFIRST > . i guess i laugh at too random of time fore her lol :P 
I love my big brother :) he makes me smile . And I get to see him very soon !!! I'm excited ! :) 
a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest . Honestly it's the honest ones you have to watch out for , you never can predict if they're going to do something incredibly stupid . ( < PROPFIRST > sparrow ) 
brothers gonna be home tomorrow ! :) YAY ! im happy ! cant wait to see him ! wish he wasnt getting deployed tho :/ 
had fun with zac at valley fair today ! :) 
:) Daughtry <3 
i cant explaine it :/ 
be careful what you wish for ... you just might get it all ... 
Had fun rawring at the fish with < PROPMALE > at cabelas :P lol 
Paula : \hey < PROPFEMALE > . You and that one kid still dating ? \ " me : \ " haha no he broke up with me the first day of summer . \ " Paula : \ " what ? Why ? \ " me : \ " he broke up with me for < PROPFEMALE > tvietbakk . \ " Paula : \ " he broke up with for HER ?! \ " me : looks down and starts laughing . \ " yea\ " lol ! " 
Taylor : < PROPFEMALE > do you want a tatoo some day ? < PROPFEMALE > : yea some day . You ? Taylor : yupers . < PROPFEMALE > : where ? Taylor : somewhere I don't have to see it all the time lol . < PROPFEMALE > : I would get a black and white one somewhere I can see it so i could color it when I wanted :) 
some things are just better left unsaid ... 
im sore and tired today :/ 
I may never be the one that gets a second glance I may never be the one they call the prettiest but thats alright with me and maybe I don't follow every crazy passion spend all my time trying to get a good reaction but thats ok with me this world is like a trampoline high and low no in between jumping at the < PROPMALE > to please everyone but thats not me ( all that matters-addison road ) 
Funny how things work :) isn't it ? 
I found a friend or should I say a foe said theres just a few things u should no we dont want u 2 see we come n we go here 2day gone 2morrow ... if I say who I no it just goes 2 show u need me less than I need u but take it from me we dont give sympathy u can trust me trust nobody but I said u n me we dont have honesty the things we dont want 2 speak I'll try 2 get out but I never will this traffic is perfectly still . 
all my battles have been won but that war has just begun . 
if I could write u a song n make u fall in love I would already have u up under my arm I used up all my tricks I hope that u like this but u probably wont u think ur cooler than me u got designer shades just 2 hide ur face n u wear em around like ur cooler than me n u never say hey or remember my name its probably cuz u think ur cooler than me 
a wise person learns from others mistakes . 
God gave me this heart . a heart that cares . cares so much that i even want to protect those who hate me from hurt and pain . oh if they only knew . if they only knew what i went thru for them . maybe then they could at least be civil toward me ... 
It's interesting to watch people try and make themselves believe something cuz they shouldn't be feeling or thinking what they really are but say they aren't ... Don't cover up what's inside cuz then you'll just be wearing a \ 
mask and that's no good . 
i find myself at a loss for words and the funny thing is , it's ok . 
* sigh * * roll eyes * blah :p 
hold tight this is not a fair fight ... 
fail :( 
they say when you find the one , there will be NO second guessing , you will feel it deep in your heart , you'll know it was destined and inside will let you know somethin you cant deny . just let it grow <3 
and it was only just a dream ... <3 
19 days till the first day of school ... Hmm . Works for me :) 
i feel like camping ... i havent gone camping in idk how long . 
* sigh * thinking ... got a lot on my mind ... 
1 economics < PROPMALE > 2 algebra2 < PROPFEMALE > 3 jag schmoyer 4 total fitness < PROPMALE > Lunch D 5 Spanish 2 peyerl-moscosco 6 contemp . Lit . Bursheim 
hoping for the best but expecting the worst 
this is how you remind me of what i really am . 
Work from one till nine today . Well I'm gonna sleep good tonight lol :P 
yay i get to relax finaly . worked all day . haha and a guy asked for my number while i was workin too :P tehe :) 
I got a lot to say to you Yeah , I got a lot to say i noticed your eyes are always glued to me Keeping them here And it makes no sense at all they taped over your mouth Scribbled out the truth with their liesYour little spies ... If you want to play it like a game well , come on , come on , let's play 
Work soon . I'm tired . And my knee is still sore from my bike accident the other day . 
theres a fire in your eyes and i hope you let it burn , theres a scream in your voice and i hope you will be heard , theres a fire in your eyes and i hope you let it burn untill you're heard . 
I get my braces off in the morning !!! :D YAY !!! I'm excited ! :P 
last week till school . tues-get braces off n go to timber bay w/nick hopefuly . wed-youth group in the evening but nothin before that < PROPFEMALE > Gjestvang wanna do dinner ? thurs-work 4-6 . fri- as long as i can get someone to cover my shift at work imma be goin to the twins game w/my dad :) sat-work 2-9 then bowling with < PROPMALE > . sun-goin to grandparents house ? mon-get home if goin . tues- school starts . danggg . haha 
this time i aint comin back . that was my last goodbye . ya cut that last thread that freed me :) 
was told im a very good worker by a manager at work today and said that i could easily become a manager if i keep up the good work and he was gonna tell the store manager that im a good worker and put in a good word for me :) YAY ! 
oh wow ... didnt see that one coming ! LOL JK ! everyone did ! blah ... lame . 
gotta love those long conversations with people :) 
just applied at spectrum high school . if im accepted i'm pretty sure i will be going there . if not its back to rogers ... 
tired ... almost thinking about going back to bed ... twins game tonight with my daddy-oh :) and zacs coming home for his 4 day ! :D 
Good game twins :) waitin on the train now . < 1Love1God1Way > 
work 2-9 . then bowling with < PROPMALE > Fitzsimonds ! :) should be fun ! 
had fun bowling with < PROPMALE > tonight :) 
Gotta love those lose/lose situations ... < 1Love1God1Way > 
getting called into work early = free iced coffee when i leave :D 
so not ready for the questions i will be recieving tomorrow ... i wont be answering most of them its no ones business ... but grr im doin good and tomorrow will make me think ... too much . wish i coulda started at spectrum tomorrow ... * sigh * oh well :) 
Can't sleep ... :/ thinking ... Oh come on this can't be happening already ... Bad sleep habbits aren't supposed to start till a few weeks into school ... Grr ! 
Why is it that the people who don't like you or have a problem with you are always the ones that are creepin on ya ? Lol jw . 
its hard to say that i would rather stay awake when im asleep cuz everything is never as it seems . - fireflies by owl city :) good night everyone 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who suffers from stupidity . Stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer rightnow . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this ... because they don't know how to Copy and Paste . Will you ? 
I just want to sleep right now ... Blah . Home work ... 
hello spectrum goodbye rogers . monday will be my last day at rogers to hand in my books and say bye to everyone then tuesday i start at spectrum :) thank you Lord for making my choice clear to me today ! :) imma miss my friends tho :/ love you guys . honestly i do i just needa do whats best for me . 
tomorrow is my last day at Rogers :D :) : l :/ :( its kinda bittersweet 
So ... Our offer on the house in Zimmerman was accepted so I guess that's where we're movin . Idk when we are gonna be movin though . So yea . 
already have hw at spectrum and i havent even atrted yet haha . gotta catch up thats all :) its all good :P cant wait to start there in the mornin :D 
Good first day at spectrum :) still prayin tho :) gotta make sure I'm stayin tight with God and what He wants for me :) 
grrs . thats all i got right now . 
long week . im ready for the weekend but still have 2 days to get there ... so tired . exhausted is a better way to put it . sleep . need sleep . good night and sweet dreams to everyone :) Zzzzzz ZZZzzz 
Woke up at 645 :) got ready for school , went to school 825 got out of school 236 had work at 3 got off at 7 . Blahhhh . Tired tired tired ! Now gotta do mi español dos homework . Then BED TIME ! God I thank you for giving me the strength to make it hrough eachday it's truley amazing :) 
so im pretty proud of myself today :) ran an 8:02 mile today ! thats presidential status ! yea WHAT NOW !? hahahahaha . p.s. i beat half the guys in my gym class ! ha ! :P yay ! 
Tummy ache :/ blah . 
time for bed . goin to the Vikings game with my dad tomorrow :) it should be fun ! 
vikings shoulda played better ... :/ now waiting on the train to go home . 
so many changes in so little time ... 
oh the places you will go . 
* turn into cvs * i think that sign just said do not enter ... Haha oh well whatever works . < 1Love1God1Way > 
tired . busy day . started back at Rogers today , got home , talked to mi madre for a bit , gor some monies out of the bank , went and got my stuff and returned books at Spectrum , went to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > , was there for a friend that needed it with < PROPFEMALE > , talked to a friends mom about some stuffs , paid a freind back and now time for homework then bed . 
The hope is we have so much to feel good about Oh this has gotta b the good life This has gotta b the good life This could really b a good life good life got this feelin that u cant fight Like this citys on fire tonight This could really b a good life A good good life Sometimes theres airplanes I cant jump out Sometimes theres bs that dont work now We r god of stories but please tell me What theres to complain about 
shootin for the < PROPFEMALE > but im too busy gazin at the stars ... God please guide my path cuz there is no way i can make it to where i need to be without your guidance . 
Now I know we said things Did things That we didn't mean And we fall back Into the same patterns Same routine But your temper's just as bad As mine is You're the same as me But when it comes to love You're just as blinded ... 
its amazing how God can shape your heart :) 
Tired . Work all day . Yup that's about it . 
< PROPFEMALE > is over haha fun fun . :D 
run your feet , not your mouth :) 
It's alright , this could be a rough night , so hold tight , this is not a fair fight . 
my new favorite quote : run your feet , not your mouth :) 
life : * nudge * me : * shake it off * life : * push * me : * stumble and move on * life : * shove * me : * fall , get up , brush shoulders off * life : * shove * then * kick * while down me : * wince**get back up on feet**brush shoulders off * and :) life : ??? me : ya cant get me down God's got my back :) ha yea what now ?! i win :) 
busy busy busy . go go go . thats how monday was and how today was and how tomorrow is gonna be ... grr . but thursday i getta chilax with my best frienamy < PROPFEMALE > Gjestvang so that should be a good time to sit back relax n have some fun without bein on the go . wish i could sleep in a bit tomorrow . tired . bed time soon :) 
had a very bad watres at dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Gjestvang tonight . she thought i was about to punch her . my goodness she was mean ! 
gonna finish my shirt , clean then start packing up my room . mom n dad are at the new house in zimmerman right now . 
Workin 9-5 today . Yup yup . Then gonna work on gettin more of my room cleaned and packed . 
i wish this was just a dream ... but its really happening ... 
finaly got a much needed visit to the chiropractor :) 
brother gets deployed thursday :( i'm sad ... 
I was not expecting an appology from you ... Especially not tonight . And to my face . Wow . Gotta give em props for that . :) and yay ! He doesn't hate me . 
i just want to cry right now ... :,( hopefuly coffee with my brothers gf will help a bit . 
na na na na every day its like my iPod stuck on replay ... 
tell me somethin sweet to get me by cuz i cant come back home till they're singin la lalala lalala till everyone is singin . if you can wait till i get home then i swear to you we can make this last . la la . if you can wait till i get home then i swear come tomorrow this will all be in the past . well it might be for the best . 
they say you love me ... oh what do i believe ? but more importantly does it even matter ? 
i found im scared to know im always on your mind ... ( collide-howe day ) 
I used to love you with a fire and now it's turnin blue and ya say sorry like an angel heaven let me think was you but I'm afraid it's too late to apologize it's too late I said it's too late to apologize yea-ah . 
People are confusing . Lol . It would help if they didn't lie all the time . And have people thinking they're not . But thats life and life goes on . :) oh high school Why must you put such evil things in people ? You tempt persuade and push people in misled ways . I even catch your grip on me from time to time . LET ME GO ! 
Lol :) people are funny . 
1 : i miss my brother and will for the next year . 2 : i need some good sleep . 3 : im tired of watching my friends and loved ones hurt emotionaly and physicaly . 4 : i need to work on self control cuz sometimes it causes me to hurt others and myself . 5 : packing/ moving/ job issues . 6 : Jesus im comin after you with all i got and im expecting great things . 
If I'm a bad person , you don't like me . Well , I guess I'll make my own way . It's a circle , a mean cycle . I can't excite you anymore . Where's your gavel ? Your jury ? What's my offense this time ? You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me , Well , sentence me to another life . - paramore 
This is the best thing that could've happened , Any longer and I wouldn't have made it . It's not a war , no , it's not a rapture . I'm just a person but you can't take it . The same tricks that , that once fooled me , They won't get you anywhere . I'm not the same kid from your memory . Well , now I can fend for myself . 
Would it be ok , would it be ok , if I took your breath away ? :) 
i keep telling myslef that theres this thing called sleep and i happen to need it but my body doesnt seem to agree with me ... grrs . 
we go back like 1980 , n we fall back into the same patterns same rountine over n over again cuz this loves like woe n its never the right time to say goodbye , we say its too late too abologize then we're runnin right back , its like we're stuck on replay . its not over n tonight will be the night that i will fall for u over again , i wanna make up right na na na cuz its never too late n everybodys singin la lalala :P 
They say you hurt the ones you love more then any one(not necisarly on purpose ) well if that's true then I sure do live you don't I ? :/ sorry 
MYC ' 10 BABY !!! heck yes ! :) compelled by love ! i's happy :D 
Molestation !!! AHH !!! D: .. I like my teeth :D 
Haha gotta love late night snack at Perkins ! Lol and don't forget about the part where you start dancing to a good song right outside the door when you're done :P haha heck yes ! MYC ' 10 compeled by love was bomb ! :D 
finally home and relaxing :) but had an AMAZING time at MYC ! < PROPMALE > Dabbs and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Timm were tight ! :D < PROPMALE > deyo and the band were quite sweet too :P fun fun fun ! :) 
i guess people like watching me sleep ... cuz i look peaceful and content and it makes people happy . lol i find it a little creepy but glad i can make people happy by the way i ... sleep ? lol :P gotta love the people in my youth group and what you find out at MYC ! 
this makes no sense at all . tired . i think im gonna finnish my book , do my home work then bed time . yup . 
GAH ! you have got to be kidding me !!! one flippin point ! AHHH ! i so quit ... oh . my . gosh . AAARGH ! :,( i so dont have time for this ... > : l 
So now I'm a puffer angel fish . Hahahahaha . Puffer fish cuz a my attitude and an angel fish cuz of how I look when I sleep :) lol :P 
I could use a dream or a < PROPFEMALE > or a wish to go back to a place much simpler than this ... ( airplaines -B.o.B ) 
Gah ! I'm cold and my stupid elbow is bleeding and the stupid wind is wayyy too loud an I'm having an alergic reaction to who knows what this time so my leg frickin iches like crazy and has a million bumps on it and it's half raw now cuz I've iched it so much and I'm hungry for some good food and I miss my brother ! :,( tonight is not my night ... 
Sick ... Yuck :/ 
so i got most of my room packed up today ... even though i dont feel very good . blah ... found some stuff from the past in my room brought back lots of memories :) :/ :( tryin to decide if i should call in for work tomorrow . ugh i hate not feelin good ya never know when your gonna feel better ... 
Don't tell me your sorry when you keep doin the same things that hurt me over and over . Don't tell menyou miss me when you barely even talk to me(by choice ) and most of all don't tell me you love me when you have a girlfriend ! 
I wish it didn't hurt like this It's been way too long for the times we missed I can't believe it still hurts like this ( the older I get-skillet ) 
but if i ain't the one i hope you find true love . \ 
and if not I'm here when push comes to shove . ( 1980-rehab ) 
Why so you need a plan to be with someone ? if you wanna be with someone them just be with them :) ( prison break ) 
bittersweet life 
I've seen a < PROPMALE > man beg I've seen a good man sin I've seen a tough man cry I've seen a loser win And a sad man grin I heard an honest man lie I've seen the good side of bad And the down side of up And everything between ( what its like-everlast ) 
wow ... just wow .. 
ya keep on a holdin a holdin on a keepin :) 
Collectin all the people you love to sing you a song\ 
even if they stick to humminholdin on a song to see them\ 
when you're really sick-a sick-a sick of love\ 
leavin with their heart to shape them within\ 
even if they stay to runnin\ 
Hold ' em on the soul , believintill you wanna stick-a stick-a stick to love ( with you in my head-UNKLE ) 
Who died and made you < PROPMALE > of anything ?! 
This could be over with the snap of your fingers ... 
Some days the only reason I even make it through the day is cuz of Jesus Christ and the love he has for me . 
I can't an I won't live a lie , no not this time . A friendship that needs to be kept a secret from even one person isn't even really a friendship at all . < PROPFEMALE > don't fool yourself ... Ya ain't foolin me . 
*•.•.* . • *•.* snow *•.•.* . • *•.* . YAY ! I love *•.•.* . • *•.* snow *•.•.* . • *•.* . It's pretty 
remember the time when we were like sisiters ... i do , like it was yesterday ... i miss those days . but they're gone and they will never come back . that time lasted for years . but now its like i never existed in your world at all .. and truth be told ... it hurts and i miss you :/ 
GAH ! my brither tried talkin to me on here but i was on my iPod so the chat thing didnt pop up on there :/ grr ... i wanted to talk to him .. i love and miss my big brother very much ! stupid iPod i blame you ! 
It's not too late , it's never too late :) 
shes got it out for me , but i wear the biggest smile ... theres a million other girls who do it just like you looking as innocent as possible to get to who they want and what they want , it's easy if you do it right , well i refuse i refuse I REFUSE ! ( misery business-Paramore ) :) 
Your secret's safe with me :) most definately :) 
its really good to hear your voice sayin my name it sounds so sweet comin from the lips of an angel hearin those words it makes me weak . ( lips of an angel-hinder ) 
its interesting how fast/slow you fall asleep at different peoples houses and your own ... my house : up to two hrs if i even fall asleep . family : up to an hour . friends : around a half hour . his : 5 < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPMALE > ... without even trying lol even now :P 
their are certain things someone who is in a relationship shouldnt tell a person that they arent in the relationship with ... 
today is NOT \turkey\ " day . we are not celebrating turkies . its thanks giving a day to be thankful for things ... like turkey lol :P " 
Be careful little eyes what you see Its the 2nd glance that ties your hands as darkness pulls the strings Be careful little feet where you go for its the little feet behind you that are sure to follow Be careful little ears what you hear When flattery leads to compromise the end is always near Be careful little lips what you say fpr empty words n promises lead broken hearts astray 
when the devil wants to dance with you , you better say never , cuz a dance with the devil could last you forever ... 
Lets get the story straight you were a poison you flooded through my veins you left me broken you tried to make me think That the blame was all on me With the pain you put me through And now I know that its not me its you ... ( skillet ) 
Today wasn't the best day ... :/ 
Sleep would be nice ... 
It's gonna take a long time to love It's gonna take a lot to hold on It's gonna be a long way to happy , yeah Left in the pieces that you broke me into Torn apart but now I've got to Keep on rolling like a stone Cause it's gonna be a long long way to happy . ( pink ) 
this is my december this is my time of the year this is my december this is all so clear this is my december this is my snow covered home this is my december this is me alone and i'd give it all away just to have somewhere to go to give it all away to have someone to come home to this is my december these are my snow covered dreams this is me pretending this is all i need . ( linkin park ) 
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same .. sometimes when you know what the right thing is and you really dont wanna do it you still should even if it will make someone dislike you more then they already do you still know what the right thing is and you should do it even if its hard to . 
today was so not my day ... actualy this past week hasnt been the best ... time to get my grandpa from bamidji ... he got lost ... prayers please . 
nvm goin in the morning . grandpas in a hospital near bamidji . won't be at school tomorrow . 
got up at 5 , got dressed , got in the truck , headed north to get my grandpa , saw him , found his truck , picked him up from the hospital , then i drove our truck home while my dad brought my grandpa back to his house , and now im finaly home thank the Lord . the roads were ice . im tired . 
had a long day . tired and sore :/ 
and i now i'll be ok though my skys are turning grey , grey . 
Relations . Creation . Incarceration . DETERMINATION . Equation . Humiliation . Reincarnation . Situation . Elation . Identification . RETALIATION . Education . Inspiration . No substitution . SOLUTION . Conclusion . 
I've been there 2 When everything falls apart n the best u can do is Get thru each day wonderin will this never end ? Is it always gonna be this way ? n the greatest lie u've been told is that ur the only 1 2 ever walk on this road n that u'll never c the light a < PROPFEMALE > so we came together 2 say Hold on Cause we've been there n found our way home I promise u that ur not on ur own 1 day this will pass God will c us all thru 
well ... yea idk ... 
it happens in a blink , it happens in a flash , it happens in the time it took to look back . ( blink-revive ) 
This is my December\ 
These are my snow-covered trees\ 
This is me pretending\ 
This is all I need 
why cant people be themselves any more ? its like they gotta live for everyone else and have to go by trends and whats popular . what the heck ?! come on people get some individuality around here . i was born an original and i refuse to die a copy , whos with me ? 
I cant keep chasin you , you're taken my life away ... 
im not here to lie , cheat , steal , or hurt . my purpose is to reveal the truth to prevent further hurt from happening in a worse way . lying sucks and i hate it , it hurts people . and i dont like seeing people hurt . so lying all around is just horrible . yea . thats what i got right now . 
oh beautiful snow , how i love you so :) 
got a problem with me ? solve it ! think im trippin ? tie my shoes ! cant stand me ? sit back down ! cant face me ? turn around ! 
I dont know what i've done Or if i like what i've begun But somethin told me to run n < PROPFEMALE > u know me its all or none There were sounds in my head Little voices whisperin That i should go n this should end Oh n i found my self listenin ... But u aint leavin without a fight n i think i am just as torn inside ... n I wont be far from where u are if ever u should call u meant more to me then any one i've ever loved at all 
funny how people that hate you or have a problem with you think that it bug you that they hate you when in reality you could care less lol . p.s. i like to live life on the edge hahahaha had a good time with < PROPFEMALE > today :) 
Sometimes tears say all there is to say Sometimes ur first scars wont ever fade away Tried to break my heart Well its broke Tried to < PROPFEMALE > me high Well Im choked Wanted rain on me Well Im soaked Soaked to the skin Its the end where I begin Now Im alive n my ghosts r gone I've shed all the pain I've been holdin on The cure for a heart Is to move along is to move along What dont kill a heart Only makes it strong 
love my friends ! went to DQ and Noodles with < PROPFEMALE > earlier . :) 
sometimes beginings aren't so simple ... sometimes goodbye's the only way ... 
i wanna hold you high and steal your pain away ... 
This is my December These are my snow-covered trees This is me pretending This is all I need And I Just wish that I didn't feel Like there was Something I missed And I Take back all The things that I said To make you feel like that And I Just wish that I didn't feel Like there was Something I missed And I Take back all the things I said to you 
so I love the snow it's beautiful ! but it would be nice to be able to open the door :P eh oh well I got no place to go so let it snow , let it snow let it snow :) oh and I had the craziest dream when I was taking a nap earlier .. I want to go snow mobieling it sounds like fun . wish I had one ... grrr ! lol 
You call me strong , you call me weak But your secrets I will keep , You took for granted all the times I Never let you down , You stumbled in and bumped your head , if Not for me then you'd be dead I picked you up and put you back On solid ground(kryptonite ) 
dont blame it on me , you're the one who said those things to me . i didnt make you say anything . you chose to say those things . YOU DID ! not me :) actions have consequenses darlin you of all people should have learned that by now . and lies only make them worse but you dont need me to tell you that now do you ? 
tired and got a headache but goin to the chiropractor soon :) yay ! 
so tired . gonna make dinner , eat dinner , read a chapter , and go to bed . yes its early but im tired and my bed is already calling my name . 
How does it feel to live a lie ? It cant feel good . I live in truth and its amazing . Cut the lies you're only hurting yourself . 
See this grin , ear to ear . Im not having happy thought , im having an evil one , and you may want to run ! >:) 
had fun with < PROPFEMALE > Jobe today :) haha caribou jones soda and sims 2 ! cant go wrong there ! :) glad we're getting along and are friends again we have fun times together , fo sho up the spot yo . haha :P 
sunset , I close my eyes , I pretend everythings alright . drowning in anger from all these lies , I can't pretend everythings alright . please don't let me fall forever , can you tell me it's over ? (shadows-red ) 
just finished watching letters to God and I cried for probably the last half of the movie . it's an amazing movie I absolutely love it and it's a true story so it made it that much better ! 
if i had the words to say , trust me , i would say them . but i dont , so i cant ... 
home from babysiting . the kids were good so that was nice , it made my job easy :) 
im really happy today . idk why , but i am . :) 
walk . walk lifes path , take the adventure . walk the path to your dreams , your goals . you fall down but just get back up and walk on , you'll make it though with friends walking with you . - < PROPFEMALE > rivers ( yes , me ) 
ur over seas in some distant land u cant b here 4 Christmas i dont understand When r u comin home ? We lit up the house like we always do but it doesnt seem bright cuz we cant have u In my prayers i ask God 2 keep u safe n im tryin 2 b really brave Tell me that the fightings through Come home I really miss u Its hard 2 enjoy the holidays without u But we're so proud of u n all the red white n blue 
ugh ! :'( at least God's always there . sometimes thats all i can hold on to ; when everything else fades away , fades to grey ... 
ft : < PROPFEMALE > idk what you did to that kid but you changed him . me : really ? ft : yea the kid is crazy about you and you straightened him out so much it's unbelievable you really got in trough to him . me : oh ... I didn't realize . ft : he cares about you it's easy to tell . me : you can tell ? ft : yea it's easy to tell if you talk to him about it . me oh ... ok :) 
i gots a really cute outfit picked out for tomorrow ! :) oh ! and i get my nose pierced tomorrow too ! :) yay ! 
allie : i wanna see him we should go 2 his work n get ice cream Me : we could keep askin 4 stuff Allie : i needa fork 4 my retarded friend me : I'd fake retarded 4 u ! 
ppl r so funny they try n bring me down but all they really do is bring me up further . case in pt- somone tryin 2 get me in trouble n heres my convo . dad : im gonna be brutaly honest with u cuz ur brutally honest too . me : i think we ALL figured that 1 out today . * laughs uncontrolably , mom chuckles . me : i mean did i say anything that wasnt true ? dad : its not that its the language u used . me : yea true , wont happen again :) 
funny how she believes every word that comes out of his mouth , when every word he's said to her he's said to me and every other girl hes dated lol :) 
i just spit the facts < PROPFEMALE > i aint full a fiction . dont be mistaken i aint trippin . this smile on my face it'll be there for a while . check these people liken my statuses about you . ha whos liken yours about me . see they know what i say is the truth . and you aint got nothin on me :) 
im not fake so im about to be very real . im not perfect , no where near it . i can be self concious at times , i get jealous of what im scared to lose , im not always the nicest person , i can get insecure , i dont always believe in myself , i say things i shouldnt , and i make mistakes a lot . but at least i can admit it , thats what makes me strong , honest and 100% real . 
dont be mistaken i aint trippin . < PROPFEMALE > i spit the facts i dont talk that fiction . ya better be watchin where ya steppin , stup up or step off . dont be goin gettin your crew to fight this for you . fight your own battles . dont say stuff about me then get someone else to back you up . come on step on up . dont be mistaken i aint trippin . 
talkin to my big brother cuz hes cool like that lol :D 
don't be mistaken I ain't trippin :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas everybody ! don't forget to thank the Lord for all he has given and done for you :) especially sending his only son for all of us ! 
prior lake today , eagan tomorrow , i love my family ! :) they make me happy ! 
1 Corinthians 13 is stuck in my head today :) it's a good reminder . 
Its probably because you think you're cooler then me :) 
dont pretend or fake or act anything for anyone to try and make them care/love/enjoy/be happier with you cuz that children is called being fake and nobody likes that . lets get real ! :) 
the day i thought i'd never get through , i got over you :) and now i feel so free and happy ! :) yay ! 
So im at the doctor with my mom and to open the door to the restroom you just wave haha its sweet :P 
kinda want my life to slow down so i can have a break or vacation or something ... that would be nice . im getting too wound up . 
sims sounds fun right now lol . guess i'll play that for a bit . then < PROPFIRST>'s comin over later :) that will be fun ! 
< PROPFIRST > is HERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D mwahhahahahhahahahahahahahaha ! let the fun begin :) 
< PROPFIRST > thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > snowman is hers but he's really MINE ! Lol 
But somethin told me to run n < PROPFEMALE > u know me its all or none There were sounds in my head Little voices whisperin That I should go n this should end Oh n I found myself listenin Cuz I dont no who I am who I am w/out u All I no is that I should n I dont no if I could stand another hand upon u All I no is that I should Cuz she will <3 u more than I could She who dares to stand where I stood_where i stood-missy higgins 
visited < PROPMALE > and her little baby girl peyton :) they're so beautiful ! i love them :) 
yuck ... not feeling very well :/ and super tired ... sleep doesn't seem to be going the best though . grr . 
no plans today or tonight . as usual lol . 
can't text :/ phone is messed up :( grr 
It hurts when you need me And I can't break your fall It hurts when you can't see And it hurts when you're lonely And I'm standing right beside you there And it hurt when you told me That you told me that you tried this on your own Hope you never hurt Hope you never cry Hope you never lose your way tonight Hope you never crumble Hope you never fall ( hur t-t housand foot krutch ) 
ugh cellular device is messed up :( can't call or text :/ 
being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect . it means you have decided to look beyond the imperfections :) 
so im just sorta kinda a little happy , ok or maybe a lot :D 
stupid video in stupid contemp . lit . made me sad , angry and scared . its stupid . and it made me miss my brother more than i already do .. didnt know it was possible ... stupid stupid stupid ... i should have left the classroom i knoew after 5 minutes it was gonna upset me but i stayed any way .. GRR ! :/ but , life goes on . 
all of Gods creations are absolutely amazing ! but my favorite is the sky and nature , its so beautiful and its a piece of his < PROPMALE > , new every day ! :D and my favorite man made creations are city buildings from a far and the eifle tower :) but Gods are the best ones , just sayin :P 
brothers gonna be home in a month for a little while :D im excited ! 
taking notes for Econ .. it's taking forever but that's why I get for procrastinating lol :P 
doing my homework makes me feel productive :D 
Angels surroundin His throne n Worthy is the Lamb who was slain The whole earth is full of His < PROPFEMALE > All nations bow to His name His majesty fills the Heavens Our hearts give thunderous praise Declare the Lord is forever Make a joyful noise in this place ( joyful noise - flame feat . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and lecrae ) 
Blahhhh . Tired , very tired , a little craby and sore :/ grrrr ! 
uhg ... tired and sore . oh pain please go away you are not welcome . and bed i wish you were more comfortable so i could sleep decent ... :/ 
gahhhh ! :'( ouch ! everything around my rib cage hurts ... it feels like I'm being squeezed really fricken hard :( I just want the pain to GO AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
grr still sore . and tired . 
just downed a bottle of water in less than a minute ... o.O I think I was a little dehydrated ... 
ah ah ah im free from sin ah ah ah i win i win ah ah ah i free im free and no more chains are holdin me :) ( live free-lecrae ) fo sho haha 
had fun with < PROPFEMALE > last night :P and today was a good day with the fam[ily ] and had some nice relaxing alone time in my new room in my new house today while daddy-oh worked on the basement . i tired :P 
Everyone holds a gun deep inside , its just a matter of how much you let it slide . Wash it off take the loss let it go . ( Hur t-t fk ) 
it hurts a little when you realize someone is lying to you .. then they lie about lying .. tired of lies theirs no point to them ... grr :/ 
this is me checking out cuz im tired of people at the moment ... gonna turn off my phone for a while . and i dont plan on coming on here much either . so if i dont reply to a text or anything dont take it personaly ... if i do you're lucky . later . 
wash it off , take the loss , let it go :) ( hur t-t fk ) 
I’m not here to place the blame , cuz although we’re not , we’re all the same ( learn to breath-ThousandFootKrutch ) 
if what's true to you is true for you and what's true to me is true for me , well ... what if my truth says yours is a lie ... is it still true ? 
i cant stay mad at people or not forgive them even if i want to stay mad at them ... grr lol . i do know how to walk away when needed though , well with a little help lol :P 
D: imma Capricorn now ... I liked aquarious better >:( stupid astrological stuffbi don't like you any way ! so take that ! ha :) yay I feel better now :P night everyone 
honestly , i just feel like being single right now , its what im happy with , and im trying to get closer to God ( the only \other half\ " i need ) . guys can talk to me i dont mind that im just tired of being hit on by so many guys so often ... i dont like all their fancey words to try and catch my heart ... im in high school ... im not gonna fall in true love for a while yet ... just sayin ... " 
Wow .... Elk river school district wouldnt care if we froze to death on our way to school ... i hope the busses wont start bwahahahahahaha . Just sayin o.O 
<3 i love to draw graffiti :) 
<3 Thousand Foot Krutch 
i hate when you look at me and i can see the hurt you hold within ... but i cant help you ... we wont ever even be talkin ... but i cant help but feel for you ... wish i could reach out ... make you feel better ... knock all the bad stuff , hurtful stuff right on out ... i wish i could make it all better ... for you , i hurt . 
mmmmm :) Caribou , what a wonderful way to start off the day . 
It hurts when you need me And I can't break your fall It hurts when you can't see And it hurts And it hurts when you're lonely And I'm standing right beside you there And it hurt when you told me That you told me that you tried this on your own Hope you never hurt Hope you never cry Hope you never lose your way tonight Hope you never crumble Hope you never fall Hope you never throw away the ( hurt -tfk ) 
Allies GPS : turn left turn right then turn left hahahhhahahahahhaha 
lets go back to when you werent an addict ... when ya werent chasin after it ... remember how happy you were then ... then all that stuff started happenin ... then you went runnin right back ... let take a trip on back ... lets look at the past ... remeber when you were clean ... how happy you were then ... go back to that ... 
losing your very best friend breaks your heart worse then losing your first love ... just sayin ... :( it's been so long since we've been talkin ... 
goin to bed early tonight ... :) 
according to < PROPFIRST > imma playa imma playa hahahahaha :P oh please I can't help who's chasin after me haha . 
faith : its what keeps me going :) 
their are some things in my life that i dont want to talk about and really arent anyones business ... no you dont need to know every aspect of my life ... only God does ok i deal through him NOT you , if i want your help i will ask for it ! GAH ! 
Sometimes love , feels like pain , and sometimes I wonder if it's all the same , sometimes life , feels just like rain , cause you never know , when it's gonna fall down on you Sometimes faith , feels like doubt , and sometimes I wonder if we'll even get out , sometimes life hurts just like now , but ya gotta know , it's all gonna come back around(wish you well-thousand foot krutch ) 
I want coffee really bad right now . Actually I have all day but still I really want some lol :P 
so ... i think im gonna join the navy ... :) 
tho they're right there with her , her brothers n her sisters A natural born leader even when her peers diss her My girl shes at a crossroads ppl prayin 4 her Some r preyin on her magazine ads , sex , drama , smokin marajuana Longin 4 a father 2 call her ' daughter ' Shes part of a generation longin 4 reconciliation n this future that they're facin n this poison that they're tastin My girl I no its love that ur chasin 
whats to fear when you have God by your side ? the most powerful and magnificent being to ever be . nothing can over power or trick Him . when you have Him standing next to you why would you even have reson to fear , you have the most feared being protecting you ... :) just sayin 
sleep would be nice right about now ... :/ 
I want my big brother here :'( now ! I need him ... 
blah day today ... hangin out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > soon though hopefuly that will help . 
had a good night with < PROPMALE > Weinand and < PROPFEMALE > Collins :) they made my day better and made me smile and laugh :) my day didnt start so great but it ended just fine :) thanks guys i love you both ! 
Moving this weekend . Help needed ! Let me know if you are able to help at all . Any time tomorrow , we're gonne be movin all day ! 
in the truck on the way to the house . Me : * looks in back * thats an ugly picture . Dad : that pink 1 ? Me : yes . Dad : thats goin in ur bathroom . Me : ... O.o no its not . 
my poor superman hat ... < PROPMALE > you better take good care of that hat ! it's my favorite :) 
exhausted .... just need to rest ... :/ 
I'm comin home I'm comin home tell the world I'm comin home let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm comin home I'm comin home tell the world that I'm comin home ain't no stoppin us now I love that song every time I hear it I feel strong!(I'm comin home-p . diddy ) <3 
aye bay bay let it play thats my song turn it up ! :P 
< PROPMALE > Weinand you are amazing ! thank you so much for helping me do what i needed to for myself , keepin me from gettin myself hurt yet again . dont forget our deal :) haha fun night . see you soon . { over all , good day today :)} 
for you I will ( confidence)- < PROPMALE > Geiger . oh snap ! lol . 
who woulda thought ? lol :) 
soooooooo it's almost my birthday :) and I'm excited cuz it's in just over an hour :) and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and superman are totaly gonna have a great time after superman makes sure the world is safe lol aka me and < PROPMALE > are hangin out after he gets off work :) so it will be a great birthday :) p.s. I love my big brother can't wait for him to be home :) 
pretty sure i cant wait for my brother to be home :) 
You can be the peanut butter to my jelly You can be the butterflies I feel in my belly You can be the captain and I can be your first mate You can be the chills that I feel on our first date You can be the hero and I can be your side kick You can be the tear that I cry if we ever split You can be the rain from the cloud when it's stormin ' Or you can be the sun when it shines in the mornin ' 
but if words could explain every feeling you have for someone you love then whats the fun much less the point because the time spent together is what helps explain it . words dont have to explain everything nor should they :) 
dint tell someone you know what they are going through or you know how they feel cuz no matter how simmilar the situation you are still two seperate people that handle , deal with and comprehend things in different ways ... so please dont tell somone you know when you can only imagine ... 
I’m On The Pursuit Of Happiness And I Know Everything That Shines Ain’t Always Gonna Be Gold 
i love you < PROPMALE > Weinand :) you make my world go round and my problems disappear ! :) 
So ... My dad pretty much just shredded my heart in a million pieces ... 
i got a plan :) 
why is it that the I spend hardly any time at home are a million times better than those I spend more at home ? hmmm ... I believe that says something . any way good evening with < PROPMALE > today :) 
its all gonna be ok ... no matter what ... cuz i got you ... :) 
Had a good night with < PROPMALE > :) grr he makes me so happy :P 
I'm in the business of misery let's take it from the top ... I never meant to brag but ... well you know how it goes . 
it's not my fault so please don't trip , don't hate me cuz I'm beatiful . now do the pretty girl rock . 
wow .. love how my parents give me permission to date < PROPMALE > then start talking crap about it on here .... thanks love you too guys ... 
not much sleep last night , got kicked out of class , phone taken away , hit in the eye durring gym with hard plastic hockey ball ... good day ? i'd like to think so lol . 
<3 2.13.11 :) 
Ohh , you think you high but you really getting low Yeah , you gon ' hate it but I had to let you know That in the end we all gon ' die , can't escape it if you try I know your lighters up but I'ma blow your high I'ma blow your high I'ma blow your high I know you're trying to free your mind But you just wasting time n Jesus is alive(blow your high-lecrae ) 
think im gonna go to the Dont Waste Your Life(DWYL ) tour on march 30 feat . lecrae trip < PROPFIRST > flame and tedashii :D at club 3 degrees fun stuff ! 
lets write this in ink not pencile no never , cuz i dont wanna forget this ever , but only if we last forever :) 
Falling in love doesnt happen when you think it will and it never happens the way you expect it to . <3 
i hate this . i dont understand how friends can just let you go when you're still holding on :( they say they will be there then whe you try n talk to them they dont write one word back to you ... they just flat out stop ... and it breaks your heart . yea i hate this ... 
GRRR !!! ugh ... O.o mmhmm ... that is all thank you ... 
yuck . don't feel good at all . head ache , runny nose , and a sore throught . but have to get hair colored for prom today or it wont get done .. leaving soon then work till 11 ... gah ... if i dont start feeling better i may be forced to call in ... :( 
so i shouldnt be missing anything in gvt or child dev . cuz i turned in all my late stuff about a week ago and its still not in the books so i have bad grades ... eff that . 
