its my birthday !! :D 

18 in three weeks , whoo :D 
cut my hair off ha :) 
going to < PROPMALE > for a week to take some classes at the < PROPMALE > institute :) 
might have a way out :D we'll see tomorrow 
birthday tomorrow :) should be a great day 
tonight at the blacksheep was funn :)) 
Just got home 
hmm .. wondering whats coming :) 
some people just dont know when to stop .. 
no work today :) 
shouldnt have even gone there 
work tonight , then looking at a car tomorrow .. i need outta heree 
cant wait for tomorrow whoooooo :DD 
bout to get ready for workk .. school starts on tuesday :( 
nirvana :) 
im content with losing 
school starts tomorrow , excited to see everyone again but bummed to go back to class . i hope its different than last year .. 
Whoo one class a day and then beauty school . This years gonna be cake 
bruised 
day off turned into a double shift , but still had a good day and made money at the same time :D lol 
first day of school today ticked me off because nothings right with my classes .. work at four and tomorrow should be a good day :) 
through the thick and thin , until the end . :) 
in the town that i was born , lived a man who sailed to sea , and he told us of his life in the land of submarines . so we sailed off into the sun until we found the sea of green , and we lived beneath the waves in our yellow submarine 
i used my 11:11 pm wish to thank the wish < PROPFEMALE > :)) 
the whole engine of my car has to be replaced ... greeeattt ... 
Got my car back working for now :) getting my tattoo finished tomorrow hopefully 
got my tattoo finished :DD it so much better an doesnt look like a pen drawing anymore ! 
Got stuck in ISS today and the sad thing is id rather be there than in class 
perfectly happy with the way things are going :) 
picture of the finished tattoo up :)) things are going great 
had an amazing night .. :) 
When your looking in my direction and we dont see eye to eye , my heart needs protection and so do i 
have you ever been so happy that you're on the verge of depression cause you know it probably wont last .. lol 
smarter not harder . Lol :)) 
if you dont know where your going , any road will take you there 
i'm a space-bound rocketship and your heart's the < PROPFEMALE > and I'm aimin ' right at you 
cut jessicacas hair in school todayy 
for once im not afraid of the future , i cant wait for it to happen .. thanks to you :) 
Mmm oatmeal cream pie .. delicious ;D 
a day without you is like a year without rain 
i think im whipped .. Lol 
Amazing day :) made me so happy 
Once again , wonderful night everything worked out perfectly :) 
such a sweetie :) 
i love being this happy :D and now that i started drinking soda again im always hyper haha love ittt 
the more i get the more i want , come closer 
I see you lying next to me , with words i thought id never speak , awake and unafraid 
Tomorrows gonna be a great day off :) 
i wish there was a cure for allergies 
such a crappy day so far 
Great night after work :) now to get some sleep before working 10 30 am to 10 30 pm whoo ha didnt have halloween plans anyway 
its amazing how the little decisions in life make such an impact . like when < PROPFEMALE > decided to try and defog the windows it lead to her car dying , and when i actually remembered my water in was in her car which lead to me spilling it all over the inside of mine . hahaha but hey we learned how to jump a car ;D 
God my car back :D this week has been great and its payday so even better 
Phew tricky client today at school but i nailed it :)) got another regular now 
just make me promises that i know you cant keep .. Or can you :) every day lately has been great even though i havnt felt good . Im < PROPFEMALE > drained time to actually get some sleep for once 
Its been a couple of months since ive actually been home on my night off its weird but kinda nice ha gonna get some sleep 
omg can not wait until tomorrow night :) hope everything works out as planned . fingers crossedd :DD 
best . night . ever . :) 
cant take this anymore 
Lets have a toast for the scum bags , run away as fast as you can 
life sucks right now , theres only one person keeping me sane . oh what would happen without you .. 
he's an xbox and your more of an atari 
Another first for me just now , i was actually bought ready to jump in my car in sweats with no makeup on to make sure you got home safe haha 
bleh .. 
all better :) 
Please let the next two days get over with fast 
You know this isnt what we planned on , but everything will be okay . We'll be okay :) 
Today i decided i love my car haha 
Finally fixing my hair tomorrow :)) one good thing about being back at school 
Hoping for the best , but preparing for the worst 
Longg day glad its finally over 
Never been in so much pain in my life . I just want it to stop . 
Yay i finally feel back to normal :D 
I dont care what you think , as long as its about me . The rest of us can find happiness in misery . 
worst day ever to have car trouble 
i hate my car , why when i have no school do i have to get stuck at home because it wont start 
Today worked out perfect :) but my arm hurts haha an now the top looks so much better than the bottom 
Thank god my car started . please dont die again i have too much to do today 
Perfect night after a bad day :) i love you 
Great payday :) 
My mind is always either two steps ahead or one step behind . So true ha 
Mmkay today can be over now , yeah ? 
