misses Alameda weather , but it's ok because I just got the best deal ever on the best coat ever . 

just got home from my last day of work for the year ! :) 
phoneless 
So much snow !! I finally had to use my 4wd :) 
not the best weather to be moving in 
Snowstorm ... aaaahhhh ! and not a snowshovel in stock in all of Baltimore . 
nice day in Alameda , I'll be back next weeknd 
Last day in Alameda :( 
I have the best roommate !! just what i wanted for my birthday :) and those nay sayers said i was expecting too much , hmm 
recliner * :) 
Learned to play \Stir It Up\ " on the bass tonight " 
Last night in Seattle :( 
Opening day fun !! 
I found $60 cleaining out my blazer ! :) woohoo 
Love Trans-Siberian Orchestra ! rock concert , symphony , ballads , bethoveen's life story , good & evil and a light show all combined-pretty awesome :) 
tonight = taxes , thank goodness for 24hr H&R blocks 
I might be on TV but it's all an act -- I don't mean anything I'm saying . 
True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship , and pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOSTif you are lucky enough to have at least one ... ? 
5mph for the past 5mi ! ! ! Looks like the entire state of < PROPFEMALE > is headed South for the weekend ... Right now :) 
Worn out from the beach :) I love NC ! 
! On FiRe ! 
Oops broke my third utensil ... Not sure if it's my superstrength or a need for better quality cooking tools 
Went to traffic court today in a country town in VA , cutest lil court house straight out of Mayberry .... 
I don't know what this world's gonna do\ 
but i know one thing \ 
this is the life for me ... ( baby cause I'm a thug)\ 
all day , every day\ 
wouldn't change for the world ... ( uh huh cause I'm a thug ) 
Had a blast framing with Habitat for Humanity yesterday ! Today , back in the office ... Not so much fun . I think I prefer hard labor in the hot sun . 
Girls night out ! woohoo :) 
Watching the fireworks from < PROPFIRST>'s balcony :) 
Thank you rolling black-outs for my early day =) 
Don't need the ac today , it's only 95 
Alameda here I come :) Ceilo ... just passing through right now , but will be there all week Jul 25 - Aug 1 so see you then ! 
Bodysurfing @ Hukilau Beach = ? it 
Wedding tomorrow ! :) hope the rain takes a break 
I walked out of Tamura's thinking gosh it sure smells lovely out today even though i don't see any flowers , then when i got to the car I saw that I had the lotion I was testing in the store on my nose ! I was talking to the cashier and the guy behind me in line and neither one of them told me !! 
Lovely wedding , beautiful bride and no rain :) loving life here ! 
I can only spend so many days visiting family and hitting the beach before anything else seems overrated . 
Hello Alameda ! And jacket weather :( 
Aloha festival in San < PROPFIRST > ... Last bit of poly before vacation's over 
Hi regular life ... two days and it's enough already . 
Week 2 of no gps ! it's been rough , but i'm finally learning my way around Baltimore 
Missing my gps :( need a better map 
And the gin strikes again 
Nim's Island :) i love kid's movies 
No more handing out second chances like < PROPFEMALE > here ! I just handed out one too many and learned my lesson . 
Trivia ! 
Hooray for the weekend ! :) 
Finally found the shortcut from my house to the BA Trail ! 
Dear Alameda , see u in a few hours !! 
Hellooo Alameda ... 
Congratulations to my lovely < PROPFEMALE > ! graduation ceremony from dental hygienist school today , party tomorrow ! ! :) 
Canned water 
I love Baltimore ! ! ! 
Note to Self : Do not hold important things and garbage in the same hand . 
Brrrrr :( Come back Hotness !!!!!! 
? One of the strangest nights ever ? So confused ? 
During baby loss awareness week ( october 9th-16th ) we remember all the babies born sleeping , or whom we have carried but never met , or those we met but couldn't take home , or the ones that came home but couldn't stay . Make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . In memory of all the lost little angels 
Wandering the streets of Baltimore ... Lost my car : ( 
< PROPFEMALE > smith 
Every electronic device i own is acting up ... Must be a sign 
Another odd Baltimore night ... This place is crazy 
Mmm mmm ... coming home to dinner and apple pie made by < PROPMALE>'s mom :) 
Misplaced a whole rack of ribs 
I drank beer and i liked it 
