so tired from babysitting and working for my family ... 70 or more hours a week ... ugh ! 

hanging with < PROPFEMALE > watching psych new episode and sleeping over ..... having an amazing weekend so far and more to come ... 4 more days till my freedom from my grandmas rules .... hellz yeh 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME !!!!!! 18 FINNALLY !!!! 
just moved into UWGB .... roommate is awsome .... chicago was amazing too ... 
1 more day till classes start ... 
yes !!!! two classes cancled < PROPMALE > . that means sleeping in and only one class 
no homework for the vweekend 
is watching constantine 
is excited about the saving < PROPFEMALE > concert tomorow ... 
going to < PROPFEMALE > of distruction with awsome friends ..... sweet ! 
had an amazing time at < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Beca !!!!! 
bored out of mind at work 
is tired of see single on her status ..... 
Saw the new Three Days Grace video for Break !!!!! Amazing ! 
I need a ride to appleton can anyone help me ..... i can pay gas money if needed !!!!! HELP ME PLEASE !! 
is going to go a sorority meeting at 7 ... 
OMG ... having computer issues .. its driving me insane !!!! 
got a 92% on my 1st exam ..... so happy ? 
i have never had any allergies before and now i think i have one ... i hope not bc that would suck .... :( 
Check out < PROPFEMALE > Pestle ... she is amazing !!! went to her concert last night ... 
Consumed by fire .... risen from ashes ... the soul reborn 
there was life on Mars .... then < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > got there 
eating the amazing funfetti cookies i made with alyssa .... YUM !!! 
I feel it's gonna rain like this for days , So let it rain down and wash everything away I hope that tomorrow the sun will shine , With every tomorrow comes another life ... 
So I speak to you in riddles because my words get in my way . I smoke the whole thing to my head and feel it wash away ' cause i can't take anymore , or this , I want to come apart or dig myself a little hole inside your precious heart ... 
In the Full < PROPFEMALE>'s light i listen to the sea , And in between the silence , hear you calling me , But i don't know where i am , And i don't trust who I fear , But If i dont wanna , will i hear them leave ? 
A girl writes about the special bond between her and her sisters . They are not always together in place but they are always together in spirit . Sometimes they fight , but nothing will ever break their special bond . 
i guess i have been really sleep deprived because i physicaly turned off my alarm in my sleep ..... i havent done that in a long time ... my body really wanted sleep and it wasnt taking no for an anwser ... 
To the outside world we all grow old . But not to brothers and sisters . We know each other as we always were . We know each other's hearts . We share private family jokes . We remember family feuds and secrets , family griefs and joys . We live outside the touch of time . ~ Clara Ortega BETA PSI < PROPFEMALE > NOW AND FOREVER ! 
Had an amazing weekend with my Beta Brothers and Sister ! Thanks again to the brothers who let us stay over all weekend ! 
Our brothers and sisters are there with us from the < PROPFEMALE > of our personal stories to the inevitable dusk . ~ Susan Scarf Merrell 
we all wish to re-live memories .. but if we close our eyes , think hard enough , and imagine , the memory can become real once more ... 
I never thought that I Had anymore to give , You're pushing me so far Here I am without you , Drink to all that we have lost , Mistakes we have made , Everything will change But , love remains the same ..... that is the hardest part 
is remembering when she still felt safe and protected .... that nothin in the world could ever harm her 
the best type of love is Beta Love :) and nothing in the world can beat that ... BETA PSI < PROPFEMALE > & BETA SIGMA < PROPFEMALE > .. we are one in the same , happy to say I'm Beta Made . 
There's nothing you can make that can't be made . No one you can save that can't be saved . Nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time - It's easy . All you need is love ~ to all my BETAS ! ? 
Put your faith in what you most believe in , Two worlds , one family Trust your heart , Let fate decide , To guide these lives we see 
i give my whole heart to everythin i do and i jzt end up getting hurt ... im done .... im tired of the reappearing knife and my hands being numb .... im done 
When the heart is cold , there's no hope , and we know that I am crippled by all that you've done , Into the abyss will I run ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ...... and a special shout out to all my brothers and sisters ... miss yall alot ! ? 
Happy new year ! 
What an interesting new years eve .... fun ... but interesting ... lol 
A new year means new opportunities .... and unlimited possibilities ? 
Do i dare disturb the universe ??? Every < PROPMALE > i get !! 
my head is spining round and round .... and where it stops ... no one knows ... not even me ... 
my brothers from another mother are the best .... and my sisters from another mister are always in my heart .... beta love all the way 
Had one of the best weekends ever ..... hoping to do it again sometime very soon !!!!! 
has the bestest roomie in the whole wide world ! 
im at war with the devil in a game of tug-of-war ... i thought i had the upper hand but someone is helping him on his side .... if he wins he wins my security blanket that i fought for so long to hold onto ... help 
According to urbandictionary.com this is wat my name means : 1 ) A person who is very hot and has the greatest personality ever ! In hebrew < PROPFEMALE > means < PROPFEMALE > . There for you should treat her as if she was one ! < PROPFEMALE > is also a very irresistable person . 2 ) the best person you'll ever meet , not a slut or a hoe , but a gorgeous human being . well loved by many , feared by tons ! she is positively gorgeous , FEAR HER 
Had an amazing day with my sisters !!!! i really needed it ..... who ever came up with the saying \no pain no gain\ " was totally wrong .... i had no pain today and gained do much .... whereas when there is pain i don't gain anything but more pain ..... no pain is a good thing to feel .... " 
saw dear < PROPFIRST > today with my sisters .... it was a good movie ... although they could have had a better ending .... but overall .... great movie ..... 
people really need to grow up these days ... i am so tired of immature people ... 
When it seems all your dreams come undone we will stand by your side filled with hope and filled with pride we are more than we are we are one ! 
I let the voices spill out from my veins onto the virgin canvas until nothing is left to drain 
had the best night ever with my beta family ..... special shout out to Uknome So Fly , Slick Sucha Beta Evans , and Q KnockOut < PROPFIRST > for making the night even better after the party ... i love you broz 
Has seen paradise and wants to despertly go back to the moment in time .... even if its only a split second 
But what if i need you someday ? Would you even try to save me ? Or would you watch me fall ? 
so today i was compared to the human race .... he said im not like other humans im different .... but he said he likes that factor about me .... idk why but now i have butterflies 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Ka'Shayla Some'n Else < PROPFEMALE > AND Canentra < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! LOVE YA SISTAS !!! 
I need to get out of Gotham City NOW !!!!! Batman where are you ... i need you now .... take me away from here before something bad happens ...... 
I've gotta fight today to live another day .... I'm gonna fight for what's right today .... I'm speaking my mind and if it kills me tonight ... I will be ready to die 
... All My Life I Prayed For Someone Like You And I Thank God That I .. That I Finally Found You .... 
A massive amount of energy radiates off your every fiber of being and absorbs my essence ... 
im falling down the rabbit hole into a dark ibis ... i dont know which was is up and i cant hear the clock ticking anymore ..... temptation is knocking on the door and i want to let it in ..... do i dare ? 
I am just done with everything ... im so fed up with this life and i need to escape .... i dont care anymore ..... im jumping and where ever i land i land ... if i dont make it then that is what was meant to be .... 
It's the moment of truth and the moment to lie The moment to live and the moment to die ... this is war 
Jaming out to kareoke with my best friend in the world ..... nothin can stop us now !!!!! 
The thing we plague ourselves with is a thing of our own imagination . If we do not anticipate it , it is not there . 
You may think you see who I really am but you'll never know me ... Every day , is as if I play a part ... Now I see if I wear a mask I can fool the world ... But I can not fool my heart 
celebrating my brother's birthday early and going for a bike ride with my lil sis while we enjoy the spring air ..... carpe diem !!! 
you take my breath away every time ... and u dont even know how fast i am falling .... 
When my world is falling apart .. When there's no light to break up the dark ... That's when I look at you .... and you love me for who I am .... you know who you are out there ... 
My heart is at peace ..... 
The past is the past you know can’t worry bout the past caz that was yesterday ... It’s a new day bro ... Imma put it on the line caz it’s my time .. My day .... gotta do it now 
Only surrender will help you now ... I love you , please see and believe again .... 
i said i've seen paradise before , but last night showed me that paradise was only a pit stop on this journey ... thank you to all who made that possible ! 
wats the point in worrying ?? Everything happens for a reason right ??? So if everything is meant to be y worry ?? You jzt gotta live ur life like ur dying and go with the flow ! 
People say that the eyes are the gateway to a person's soul ... the moment i looked into your eyes is the moment everything changed and now i cant live without you in my life .... if only you knew .... 
I want to be another vital body part that you need to survive and not jzt another pretty face .... so if all you want is jzt another face I'm sorry but your out of luck ...... 
* A warning to the people * : The good and the evil , the prophet , the liar , the honest , the messiah ..... I believe in nothing ... Not in Satan , not in peace and not in war ... i believe in nothing but the beating of our hearts 
* warning * im gonna be fucking people up real soon so stay outa my way !! 
Leave it all behind ... Your past and mind ... Let's go where we got to ... Our paths will cross again in time ... It's never the same tomorrow .. And tomorrow's never clear .. So come on lets go ... Our time is here .... 
My feelings for you are complicated , the only thing i know is you make me smile and i will continue to fight for that 
I loved the way you felt so strong and how you always made me smile ... I never wanted to leave .... i miss you ! 
I dont know what this feeling is so maybe someone could help me ....... i feel like crying because i miss them so much , i would do anything for them in a heartbeat , they make me smile when no one else can , and jzt by saying hi all the clouds go away ........ HELP ! 
So i finally found the word i have been looking for and it scares me ! 
I wish the entire world would stand still so i could spend one more second with you ... and i looked over knowing u were thinking the same thing ..... 
?? I am no < PROPMALE > , I am no saint , I am not anyones wildest dream , But I will stand behind and be someone to fall back on . Ill be the one who waits , and for as long as youll let me , I will be the one you need . ?? 
Unified diversity , functioning as one body , every part encouraged by the other ... No one independent of another , you're irreplaceable , indispensable , you're incredible ! 
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with everything they have 
You are beautiful and special like sun and rain at the same time .... 
OMG ! As of 11:29 am Beta Psi < PROPFEMALE > is offically an organization on the UW Green Bay Campus !!!!! I am so HAPPY !!!! 
My heart is finally free from all the negativity ... and now i can breath 
I won't justify The way I live my life ' Cause I'm the one livin ' it Feelin ' it , tastin ' it And you're just wasting your time Trying to throw me a line When you're the one drowning ... I like where I'm at on my back Floating down in my own riptide ... The water is fine 
If anyone is trying to contact me im sorry to say my phone has deceased and i will be taking it to the mortician 2morow ..... very sad moment 
hey everyone i got my new phone .... and its awesome !!!!!.... but none of the < PROPFIRST > tranfered over so send me ur # and name .... if not forever hold ur peace 
Dont forget to send me ur #s either txt or inbox ... same # 
I go against the odds and maybe thats wrong but I like where I'm going ... 
Is this the way nice girls should play ? I gotta say I don't care .... What will it take to make you understand that I won't break and I don't give a damn ... it's over you told me and you don't wanna know me .. Alone now .. I know that you're never gonna get me down ! 
Newspaper taxis appear on the shore waiting to take you away .... Climb in the back with your head in the clouds and you're gone .... 
You only see what i want you to and nothing else ... I am in control ... and if you're lucky ... just maybe ..... you will get to see my heart ... 
I wait here in the silence until you come and sit awhile with me ...... there is no life without its hunger and each restless heart beats so imperfectly ..... but when you come i can glimpse eternity .... 
Open your eyes with me .... see paradise with me ... awake and rise with me ... I am the dawn ... I'm the new day begun ... 
Omg the bend and snap !..... Works eveytime ! 
Someday life will be fairer , Need will be rarer , And greed will not pay .... ' Til then , on days when the sun is gone , we'll < PROPFEMALE > on as we wish upon the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Oh what tangled webs we weave when we practice to deceive .... 
Goin to test my asthmas breaking point .... hope it doesnt get the best of me 
My great grandma has helped me through another god awful night ...... thank you so much ..... missing you everyday .... 
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned .... and one that knows martial arts is much worse ! 
Slowly , slowly , slowly getting faster , once i start its very hard to stop . faster , faster , it is so exciting ... 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 12341234 ..... 
Let the rain fall down and wake my dreams .... let it wash away my sanity 
the veil you had over my eyes has been blown away and now i see you for who you really are .... and i dont like it .... 
Happy Birthday to my little brother < PROPFIRST > ! Love you so much ....... hope you have an amazing day ! PARTY ! 
I believe in music the same way people believe in < PROPFEMALE > tales .... 
must try to hold on and keep my head above the water ..... but right now i just wanna let go .... servo a periculum 
All you have to do is call my name no matter how close or far away ... Ask me once and I'll come runnin ... Keep me in your heart and I'll appear ... All you gotta do is turn around , close your eyes , look inside .... I'm right here 
Mwahahaha < PROPFEMALE > stole saras facebook via her phone 
Cant wait till tomorrow when I get to jump back in the rabbit hole and spend the day with Jerimiah ! 
Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there !!! 
I love being < PROPFEMALE > and jumping down the rabbit hole every once in a while ... when im there i have no worries and everything is right in the world ... 
What’s inside of me is invisible to most ... even in clear view ... I’m sending out a signal to the possibility of you , cause right at this moment I know you’re connected to a part of me that I don’t even know ... 
Almost died from a gigantic spider !!!! NO JOKE !!! they are out to get me ! i love you < PROPMALE > Rinehart for saving my life ...... and ill give some credit to < PROPFIRST > Kowalski ... jzt a little tho ..... 
Saw the sunrise for the first time in a long time ..... wat an amazing site ... 
Well no summer school for me ..... dont know if im happy or sad about that 
Spending the weekend with mi < PROPFEMALE > ! Hope the weather looks better there .... 
Had an amazing weekend with one of my favorite ppl in da world ..... wont see another one for a while ..... 
You know the lies they always told you and the love you never knew ... swallow the light from the sun inside your room ... and I'll become what you became to me ... 
This is the world we live in ... and these are the hands we're given ... Use them and let's start trying to make it a place worth living in ... a place worth fighting for ... 
Some times in our lives we all have pain ... we all have sorrow ... but if we are wise we know that theres always 2morrow ... 
Im done .... im fucking done .... i give up .... fuck everything .... fuck this fucked up life .... im just done .... 
Can't you see that you're smothering me ? Holding too tightly afraid to lose control ... cause everything that you thought i would be has fallen apart right in front of you ... every step that i take is another mistake to you ... 
Might be working in a factory ... will see on monday 
You'll wake up when I walk out Isn't that the way it plays ? The leaver leaves , the stayer stays You wouldn't make a move , so I made mine Isn't it a pity ?... I wish you were really in it for life 
Got another interview ... all fingers crossed 
I wanna wish my little cousin dakoyta and < PROPFEMALE > happy birthday !!!! Cant wait to see ya ! 
There are always the people in your life that are going to tell you that what you have is not good enough or that your stupid for trying .... only keep the people in your life that encourage you to try ... the rest can be forgotten ... life is about discovery and making mistakes ... so lets make them .... 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love , and be loved in returned ... 
Stood up 2 times in one day ..... how rude !!!! 
Finaly found a job with no strings .... if ur looking hit me up .... 
Everytime i get a < PROPMALE > at hope and happiness someone drags me back to the depths of hell .. why me ? 
What I believed to be true It was only a dream That lived in me ... I just projected it Over your beautiful screen .. There was nothing , but I waited ... I waited 
I landed a permenant job !!! Done job hunting and now I can breath and relax .... I have to thank mi < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Joy for giving me a push in this direction ..... with out you I would not have gotten it ... or known about it ! Thank you so much ! Take that all you haters !!!! TAKE THAT !!! 
Those fellas live in never never land right next to < PROPFIRST > Pan caz nobody wants to grow old ... 
The same tricks that once fooled me they won't get you anywhere ... i'm not the same kid from your memory ... now i can fend for myself ... 
Sold a < PROPFIRST > on my first day out in da feild ! Wait till next week ! 
Hopefully gonna win a trip to six flags ! All fingers crossed ... 
Sold 3 kirbys in one day !!! Whoot whoot ! 
I didnt think i would ever meet a guy like i did today ... honest to good guy ... one who treats a lady the right way .... too bad hes taken ... and my boss ... 
I miss my Betas ! 
Met another hotty at work today ... to bad he's taken and has 3 kids .... 
We're so arrogant , aren't we ? So afraid of age , we do everything we can to prevent it . We don't realize what a privilege it is to grow old with someone . Someone who doesn't drive you to commit murder or doesn't humiliate you beyond repair ... 
Wants to let < PROPFEMALE > win for once .... 
< PROPFEMALE > really does come back ... and this time its a good thing ... 
Eclipse was amazing ! Best one out of the whole series ..... glad i spent it with my baby sis ! 
spending the day with the coolest person in the world !!!! love you mi < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
On our way to the airport ! Las Vegas look out .... here we come !!! 
Partying on the Strip !! 
Had an amazing day today at the pool ... sitting under the palm trees , sipping on lemonade , and kicking it with the family 
Spent the entire day at the Grand Canyon yesterday ..... amazing ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Las Vegas ! Hasta luego ... 
At the theaters w my baby sis and watching letters to < PROPFEMALE > ! Love u baby sis ! \ 
~ lizz \i love you too sis ... woo =D \"" 
Hanging out with the most amazing person in the world ... dont know wat we are doing yet but its gonna be a blast no matter wat !!! 
Life is hard .... but sharing it with friends makes everything possible and exciting 
So what if I see the sunshine in the pouring rain ... who wants to be ordinary in this crazy mixed up world ? 
When im standing in the pouring rain I dont mind .... i think of you and everythings alright ... 
We would be so happy you and me ... No one there to tell us what to do ... I'd like to be under the sea ... In an octopus ' garden with you ... 
Humans need many things to survive ... food , water , air .... but what they really need and want underneith every is to be loved , wanted and to belong ... 
Can't keep my feet on the ground ... arms open wide ... face toward the sun ... this is the time of my life ... and im sharing it with only with my VIPs 
Life is road and i wanna keep going ... love is a river and i wanna keep flowing ... in the end i wanna be standing at the beginning with you 
I throw my hands up in the air sometimes ... i wanna stop and celebrate my life ... we gonna light it up like its dynomite ... 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > !!!! Yay !!! 
Going to have an amazing weekend with mi < PROPFEMALE > ! We gonna party like rockstars and live like we're dying .... 
Had an amazing weekend with mi < PROPFEMALE > ! Cant wait to do this again soon ! 
Wat an amazing birthday ! Thanks to everyone who made this day possible ! 
Had another amazing day !!! got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > Lischkowitz and mi < PROPFEMALE > !!! life is amazing right now !! 
I love the sound of rain ... dont go away come again another day 
Just took Nemo into the doctors office ..... and the cost surprised me .... in a GOOD way !!! Whoot whoot !! 
If you work really hard for something ... shouldn't you be rewarded for it ? And not have someone try to take it away ? 
I juzt had an amazing relationship with my sandwich at Panera ... like this status if you know where this reference is from ... 
Off to the dells with mi < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > ! Whoot whoot !!! 
I jzt learned first hand that mold can grow on coffee ...... soooooo gross !!!!! 
If you can read this status you have just survived phase 1 of eliminating \friends\ " on facebook ... congrats to all .... " 
phase 2 of deleting \friends\ " accomplished ... " 
First day back at school was amazing ... and i can tell that this semester is gonna be amazing too ! Finished making the final cut for \friends\ " ... congrats to all who made it ! " 
Forget about your worries and your strife ... The bare necessities of life will come to you ... 
C'mon drift away through fundamental boundaries ... To find ourselves surrounding the ones who've already gone and come back stronger .. 
I LOVE MY SISTER WEEK : If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on , kept you strong , prays for your happiness ... then copy and paste this to your status ..... WHERE ALL MY SISTERS AT ??? 
At the airport ! CANADA HERE I COME !!!! 
IM BACK !!!! Had an amazing time in Canada one that words can not describe ..... wanna go back again next year ! 
life is too short to worry ... take advantage of all the opportunities in your life and look out for those signs that present themselves ... they might just be the things that change your life ... 
There are some days , dark and bitter .. Seems we haven't got a prayer ... But a prayer for something better is the one thing we all share ... Someday our fight will be won , and we'll stand in the sun ... One day , someday .... soon 
You dont believe me but the things I have are the things you need .... You look at me like I dont make sense , Like a waste of time , like it serves no purpose ... 
She loves her mama's lemonade , Hates the sound that goodbyes make ... She prays one day she'll find someone to need her ... Caught in the in-between , a beautiful disaster ... she just needs someone to take her home ... 
Turning out to be the worst day ever .... why me ? 
Im jzt a granade waiting to explode .... if anyone messes with me today ... watch out ! 
Never ask what worse things could happen .... I just found out ... 
Everything in the world must have balance .... today was jzt one of those days ... we can't live in Yin without the < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Had an AMAZING day yesterday ! And all on a school night ... lol 
Here it is ... The last day of my life and I'm jumping in .... One step into space and I'm falling in .... And I ain't gotta parachute ... 
My feet are on the ground , but Im flying ... I dont know where Im going but I know its going fast .... Loves the only thing thats keeping us alive ... This is my revelation ... 
Oh what tangled webs we weave when we practice to deceive .... Fooling no one but yourself .... Hell has to notice your actions and motives .... 
LIKES IT ON THE CHAIR ! 
And I dont know where Im going but I know its going fast ... Loves the only thing thats keeping us alive .. this is my revelation .. 
We are all miracles wrapped up in chemicals ... We are incredible ... Don’t take it for granted .... 
You alone can break my fall ... I'm living again , awake and alive I'm dying to breathe in these abundant skies .... 
Is floating on a cloud ! :D 
Live and let live ... hang on for the ride of your life its gonna be alright ... just hold on tight ... 
I try to pay attention and the words just disappear .... So i speak to you in riddles cuz my words get in my way forgetting all the things i should have said ... 
When I'm kissing you my senses come alive ... Almost like the puzzle piece I've been trying to find ... falling right into place ... 
I am not the person to quit anything but if things keep going the way they are I might just have to get up and walk away from a beautiful idea .... 
These fickle , fuddled words confuse me ... Look at us spinning out in the madness of a roller coaster ... the space between where you're smilin ' high is where you'll find me ... 
Life is a song ... love is music ... all we have to do is listen ... 
Open your eyes ... Open up wide ... I'm starting to trip , I'm losing my grip and I'm in this thing alone ... 
You know I always stay up without sleeping ... there's nothin ' else better to do anyway when you're all alone in the lands of forever under the milky way ... 
Having a deep connection with the earth ... with animals ... and with spirits is one of the most powerful and amazing feelings in this world ... 
This is WAR !... LETS DO THIS ! 
When the world is full of pain and all that's left is love and hate give me love , let me feel it ... 
I just dont know ... im so very confused ... lost in a beautiful idea ... 
Screw the store pumpkins ... me and my family march through the rain and mud to find the perfect ones ! 
This situation is turning out like every other one i have been through ... i thought you said it would be different ... you lied ! 
When lies become the truth ... when things start to come undone ... thats when I run to you ... 
25% of all men are unstable ... 25% of all men can't be faithful .. 30% of them don't mean what they say ... and 10% of the remainin ' 20 is gay ... i hate statistics ! 
Whatever it takes to be what I was meant to be , I'm going to try cause I'm living the dream and I know it ... I know it .. and I know everything will be fine with me , myself and time ... 
Put this as your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by a velociraptor . it's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport . velociraptors are , after all , unstoppable . 
They say the beat of a butterflies wings , can set off a storm a world away ... so come with me and seize the day ... this world may never be the same ... 
Dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before .... 
Going to spend an amazing night with some awesome people ! ( cough ) < PROPFEMALE > Joy , Sarabeth Johnston , < PROPFIRST > Yehle , < PROPFEMALE > Vogel , and Cooper LaFond ! 
Hold fast to your dreams , for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly .... 
I'm always , always , always late ... And my hair's a mess , even when it's straight ... but so what , I'm better off everyday in every way ... so take that ! 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment .... 
Remember remember the fifth of November ... Gunpowder , treason and plot ... I see no reason why gunpowder , treason should ever be forgot ... 
Ive had an epiphany .... now i must listen to it ... 
I've cleared you out of my head and tore you out of my heart ... and now my life is so much better ... 
i am < PROPFEMALE > tempted to pick up the phone and send you a txt ... not because i miss you ... jzt so i can ask you one question ... 
Friendship , like the immortality of the soul , is too good to be believed .... but I believe in it with every fiber of my being .... 
First they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win .... 
Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul ... so dont come back for me ... dont come back at all ... who do you think you are ... 
I hate being lied to ... all I can say is what a duche bag ... you really made my feelings toward you clear ... all you were was just a waste of time ... I am so glad that I am done with you and your drama ... goodbye ! 
When the world's crashing down ... When I fall and hit the ground ... I will turn myself around ... Don't you try to stop me 
I want to return to Wonderland ... but the show must go on .... 
Speak now or forever hold your peace ... to late ! we are done ! Hallelujah ! 
Dear Americans , We totally agree with you about illegal immigration . Please allow us to show you to the nearest airport . Sincerely , Native Americans 
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday ... I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes ... I'm coming home , I'm coming home ... tell the World that I'm coming ... 
I'm awake , I'm alive ... Now I know what I believe inside ... Now it's my time ... I'll do what I want ' cause this is my life ... 
Today I was babysitting my neighbor's little boy . I asked him what sound a cat makes . He said meow . I asked what sound a cow makes . He said moo . Then , to fool him , I asked what sound a walrus makes . He replied with Ku Ku Kachoo . Coolest kid ever . MLIA 
Happy thanksgiving everybody ! 
Im a dead walking zombie ... ugh ! 
Anatidaephobia -- the fear that somewhere , somehow , a duck is watching you . 
The greatest thing you will ever know is to love and be loved in return ... 
The broken locks were a warning you got inside my head , I tried my best to be gaurded , I'm an open book instead .... 
ITS 2008 BITCH ( with hand motions ) .... ( pause ) 2010 ! Classic miss < PROPMALE > Rinehart !!!! 
Is it possible to fall into a song and never return ? If so I think I have been fallen into the song \River Flows In You\ " ... never has a song enveloped me as much as this one has ! " 
Change your profile picture for one of a cartoon from your childhood , and invite your friends to do the same . Purpose of the game ? To not see any human face on facebook until Monday , only an invasion of memories . FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE -- copy and paste on your wall 
Girls night with the AMAZING < PROPFEMALE > Vogel !!!! Whoot Whoot !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > vu .... hopefully it turns out different this time ... 
life feels like it is spining out of control ... i need break to be here soon before i hurt somebody ... i just want to fall down into the rabbit hole and never return ... and take only the people in my life who care about me down there to ... down there is complete happiness ... 
If I'm a bad person , you don't like me well , I guess I'll make my own way ... You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me well , sentence me to another life ... The same tricks that , that once fooled me they won't get you anywhere ... I can fend for myself .... 
? twehnisla·téke ? 
OH HAPPY DAYS !!!!! 
\Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures .... \"" 
Rockstar and monster are going to be my very best friends today .... ladies start your engines ! 
Off to breakfast with my sistas ... dennys here we come .... watch out ! 
Well made it all the way to campus and then gets stuck .... like really ? at least wisconsin people are awesome and helped me push into 15min parking ... yea it gonna be a long ass 15 min ... :) 
Snowed in = no work :D YAY !!! 
Splat .......... o´¯` ?. ¸ (?) `O . ¸¸ . ¸ . o´¯` ?. ¸ (?) `O .?? ¨¯`* ? ´ *?.?¨¯`* ??? *´* ?? O . ¸¸ . ¸ . o´¯`o . ¸ (?) `O . ¸¸ .?. ¸ . o´¯`¸ . o´¯` ? ¸ (?) `O . ¸¸ . ¸ .? ´¯`o . ¸ (?) `O . ¸ ?? `O . ¸¸ . ¸ . o´¯` ?? ¨¯`* ?.... ¸ . o´¯`o . ¸ (?) `O . ¸¸ . ¸ . o´¯` ?. ¸ (?) ´ *??´* ?.? ¨¯` *????* ? ¨¯`* ? SNOWBALL FIGHT !! KEEP IT GOING 
Spent about $450 on my baby today ... Nemo better be damn happy ! 
NEED SLEEP !!!.... but must study .... x_x 
5 hours till i get to break free from this prison and enjoy my night ! 
Had an amazing day with my family and boyfriend ! And now the < PROPFEMALE > outside is amazing ... to bad it freezing out there ... 
Everything happens for a reason ... some times i hate that ... 
Wonderland is amazing !! 
Life is a song , love is music .... so turn up the volume and let the music drown you for eternity ... 
Watching the NCIS marathon with my bro Javon Knowitall Harmon !!!! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! 
Going sledding today with the family ! Watch out !! 
thinking about a lot of things ... wish all these thoughts could solve themselves ... so jzt gonna let things go their way and see where that takes me ... no worries 
Think I need a devil to help me get things right ... Hook me up a new revolution , Cause this one is a lie ... We sat around laughing and watched the last one die ... 
This is your life and today is all you've got now ... is it everything you dreamed that it would be ? 
have my tattoo all drawn up ... now the tough part ... 
Pay it forward 2011 . I promise to send ( or deliver ) something handmade to the 1st 5 people who leave a comment . They must in turn post this and send something they made to the 1st 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . You don't get to specify what I send you . :) 
Since this is a new year one of my resolutions is going to get rid of all these wanna bes in my life who are just slowing me down and really ruining my life ... im really done with all of you .... i no longer feel the love .... 
We all make mistakes ... but can this day get any worse ? Work sucks right now ... 
Screw you guys !! 
Life is too short , and ive seen that first hand , so im done trying to make it work im gonna let the chips fall where they may ... 
I love my brother Javon Knowitall Harmon ... he makes everything better !! :D thank you so much bro ! 
Everything is perfect tody ! 
There is such a thing as heaven on earth ... its here in wonderland 
Hanging with the amazing < PROPFEMALE > Vogel !!! Girls Night Out !!! Watch out !!! 
What a sunrise this morning ... i guess there is some good getting up that early ... 
If u hate something change it ... it may not be easy but it may be for the better ... why dread each day when life is so short ? Carpe diem ! 
Ruin is the road to transformation ... 
Always do the thing that scares you the most ... 
Hanging out with the amazing , the incredible , one of a kind < PROPFEMALE > Joy 
All life is an experiment . The more experiments you make the better . 
Tomorrow will be a very interesting day ... tomorrow is the reason energy drinks where invented .. I hope I survive ! 
working 5:30 AM then class and then work 6-9PM .... i love my life ... and energy drinks ... 
Class was amazing .... scary to say that but sooo very true ... and I'm going to Costa Rica next January ... goodbye snow hello tropics !!! 
Faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark . If we truly knew all the answers in advance as to the meaning of life and the nature of God and the < PROPFEMALE > of our souls , our belief would not be a leap of faith and it would not be a courageous act of humanity ; it would just be ... a prudent insurance policy ... 
? Good friends are forever ... they make those precious moments in life ... < PROPFEMALE > them with all you have ! ? 
Our lives are made in these small hours ... these little wonders , these twists and turns of fate ... 
all UWGB students ... check out the video on my page ... this is how we do it ... 
There are no short answers in life , there's a journey ... 
Dont let her get in ur head !!!!!......... Too late , mines her summer house 
Loving life right now :) 
Someone jzt said pink eye was cool .... what is wrong with some people ? 
\I lost my condam ..... what a buzz kill ... \"" 
I dont think my day could get much better ! This is why I go with the flow through life ... unexpected and amazing things can happen ! WOOHOO !! 
In deep thought ... 
Counting the days that pass me by I've been searching deep down in my soul ... Words that I'm hearing are starting to get old ... 
Something to ponder ... \ 
This year we will experience 4 unusual dates 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/11\ 
Now take the last 2 digits of the year you were BORN plus the age you will be \ 
this year and it will equal either 11 or 111 ... scary ! 
Miracles will happen as we dream ... But we're never gonna survive unless we get a little crazy ... 
Tsa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > eh eh Waka Waka eh eh tsa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > zangalewa this time for Africa !!! 
I just realized that I will be 19 and a senior in college this summer ! Wow ! 
Never take life too seriously ... nobody gets out alive anyway ... live laugh love ! 
The greatest thing you will ever learn , is just to love , and be loved in return ... Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Facebookers ! 
Is debating on doing something drastic ... for once im going to think about me ! 
Doubt thou the stars are fire , \ 
Doubt that the sun doth move , \ 
Doubt truth to be a liar , \ 
But never doubt I love . 
Pain throws your heart to the ground , Love turns the whole thing around ... No it won't all go the way it should , but I know the heart of life is good ... 
Time flies but you're the pilot , It moves real fast but you're the driver ... You may crash and burn sometimes , but this is why we do it , this is worth the pain , this is where we bow down and get back up again ... 
Got milk ? not anymore :( 
Drove over 600 < PROPMALE > and left with tears in my eyes .... 
Word of the day : Overwhelmed ! ( to the extreme ) 
? ¡¡¡¡¡ Red Bull and Gin !!!!! ? 
Did you know that our eyes are the same size from birth ? Crazy ! 
We run on fumes , your life and mine like the sands of time slippin ' right on through ... 
Did you know that Elephants are the only animals that can't jump ? 
wisdom is the abstract of the past , but beauty is the promise of the future .... 
As long as the sun rises it's never too late !... 
Shining like a work of < PROPMALE > , hanging on a wall of stars , are you what I think you are ?... 
Today is going to be a good day ... i can tell :D 
I willl never look at a fig < PROPMALE > the same way again ! 
Cannot believe how productive today has been ... yay me ! :D 
Had an amazing weekend with Nic and my lil sis Lizz !!!! :D Can't wait to do that again !!! 
I need people to take this poll : Should I go to a class Mondays and Wednesdays where I learn nothing when I learn it all in my lab on Fridays ? Yes or No ? 
lol ... so go to your profile .. the top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? < PROPMALE > Rinehart , < PROPMALE > Lischkowitz , Ka'Shayla < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Stevens , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Wayland are on my team .... we got this !!!! 
Your life plays out on the shadows of the wall you turn the lights on to erase it all and i ask myself who do i wanna be .... no one but me ! 
wanna curl up in a ball and go to sleep .... not my best day ... 
Can everyone please say a prayer for my friend < PROPFEMALE > who is in da hospital from a blood clot ... things are not looking good ... 
She didnt make it :( 
Has officially been the worst week of my entire life !!! First my friend < PROPFEMALE > now my boyfriend .... what more can happen to me ! FML !!!! 
Some blood shed on my gi , some minor bruises , a knee to the ribs , and a scared little man ... I love Aikido !!! 
its raining its pouring , its no longer snowing !!!! 
Your time time will come ... get it while your still young ... may all your dreams come true ... 
Jut ran in front of a train .... wat a thrill ! 
Just an in front of a train .... what a thrill ! 
Infect me with your love , and fill me with your poison ... wanna be your victim , ready for abduction ... 
\tall balls would just not work\ " ... lmao .. ill leave the person anonymous .. actually she wants to be know ... * cough * < PROPMALE > Rinehart " 
So i got up for work , got dressed , went out to the car and learned that I am completely snowed in ... to top it off i go back to my room and the door wont even open caz the electronic lock is frozen .... thankfully my roommate answered her phone and let me in ... but now im all wet , cold , and not even tired anymore ... I hate you Wisconsin !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > and Grapes !!!!! 
So I lost my voice today and now i sound like < PROPFEMALE > Mouse ... please voice .... come back to me !!!! 
having a great day so far ... but soon off to the eye doctor ... :( 
Wastehtsisli·yó ohw ? tsyakwe·kú :) 
Oh , the power to be strong and the wisdom to be wise , All these things will come to you in time ... on this journey that you're making there'll be answers that you'll seek and it's you who'll climb the mountain ... It's you who'll reach the peak ! 
virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a Trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , you get the virus too ! Please ......... copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES .. please pass it on 
You will never understand the earth unless you sit down and listen to its stories .... 
BREAKING NEWS : ... The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't suck it up < PROPFEMALE > ! Life doesn't revolve around you 
Eye doctor went great ! I can see now ! Now off to subway for breakfast and to see my mommy ! 
How will I know if there's a path worth taking ? Should I question every move I make ? I don't wanna make the same mistake ... 
So first there was something wrong with my eyes , now its my throat/tounge ... what the hell ... FML ! Im just falling apart .... :( 
Each day is full of new possibilities .... capture them while you can .... this is your time to shine ! 
Its gonna be a good day ... I can tell ! 
Heading off to Platville for AMSLAC !!!! 
Life isnt something you wait for , life is something you make ! 
