Where was this little blue pill years ago ?! Happy days ... Happy days ... 

Aaahhhh ! Finally getting my voice back ... watch out kids ! 7 days of flu hell ... Beware !!! 
is watching her children sleep ... they are so darn cute when they are sleeping ! 
is making the sauce for tamales-tonight's dinner and the rest of the week's lunch . ( Why can't I make smaller batches ? ) 
Estoy cansada . Buenas noches . 
is bored . Doctor won't let me return to work until January at the earliest . I've been off of work since July . I'm going crazy ! 
This is for you Kelly ... my life IS one big < PROPFIRST > Springer show ! 
It's 1:52 am . I can't sleep . I have to get up with the kids at 6am and here I am , like a moth to a flame , gazing at the computer screen playing silly little kids games . 
It's another beautiful day !! Time to take < PROPFIRST > on our 6 mile walk . Have a good day . Get outside and enjoy it , it'll be gone before you know it . 
is listening to and , unfortunately for the neighbors , singing with the Beatles \All You Need is Love\ " while getting ready to go out . Happy Friday everyone ! " 
Two words for you ... men suck ! Could anyone answer me this ? Since when does a woman being sad equal she's cheating ? 
is going outside to change the oil in her car . Yes guys , some women actually do know how to do this . 
Time to turn up the music , rock out and annoy the neighbors . Enjoy the gorgeous weather . 
Tequila ... mmm ... need I say more . 
My head and arm hurt from last night . MEN ! I think it's time to cut my hair again . That way no one can grab a hold of it and yank on it . 
is making cookies . Kids are sleeping . House is clean . It's nice and peaceful in the house . So , back to doing what I do best . 
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out and I am tired ! 
Sick again . Everything is moving in slow motion today . Hurts to even think . 
< PROPFIRST>'s birthday is Monday . Starting to get ready for his party on Sunday . Cake is in the oven . Making him a neopolitan dragon cake . Simple cakes just won't please him anymore . I think he just likes to watch mom shape the cakes and decorate for hours . 
I want my gas stove back !! 
is wondering : What is the purpose of life ? Are we mere test subjects to determine the amount of pain one can tolerate while still clinging for life to that miniscule glimmer of hope that something positive will ever enter our lives ? Or , is there something more ? 
Mexican night tonight . Masa ball soup with tacos de carne asada . Have a good weekend everyone ! 
I don't care how many boys are in this house . The toilet seat goes down ! 
Pacquiao vs . Cotto tonight . Can't wait ! 
And Pacquiao takes it !!! 
I hate turkey ! Why does it always have to be turkey ? Give me duck , cornish game hen ... anything but turkey . Why , mom , why ?! Guess I better bring the salsa to add some flavor so I can choke it down . 
Best part about turkey leftovers ... turkey tamales . 
is cleaning house . Weightlifting after that . Must keep occupied , thinking is dangerous ! 
Dinner is over . Yeah ! 30 minutes notice ... no pressure there . 2 mexican entrees , 1 chinese and 1 american along with appetizers and dessert ( not taking any more requests , ever ) . Why did I ditch the microwave ?! If you thought that was good , next time give me an hour . 
?? I'm feeling wings though I've never flown . Got a mind of my own ...?? Guess what kind of mood I'm in ... 
Man may have discovered fire . But , women learned how to play with it . 
Life may take you where you least expect , but have faith that you are precisely where you are supposed to be . 
They say that everything that happens to you good or bad makes you who you are today . I wonder if my life had been easier , would I be a kind , compassionate person or a shallow , selfish bitch ? 
Today's fortune cookies : Get ready for a life-changing event ... and ... Embrace change , don't fight it . Hmm , I could use a little change ... a big change would be even better . Feeling quite restless right now . 
Everyone can make you happy in life . Some do it by walking in ... Some by walking out ! I'll be happy tomorrow when my soon to be ex-husband goes back home . 
On my way to child support to get screwed by the State of Wisconsin again . 
Usually when I get screwed , I enjoy it . The child support system in this state is royally messed up . My husband not only does not have to pay child support , I have to pay him when my doctor releases me to go back to work . He has the kids 2 days per week . I have them 5 . And I have to pay child support ?! 
Ahhhh ! Peace and quiet ... just what I need ... That and a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Owwww ! 
Word to the wise ... Do not call me at 3:45 am and expect me to be nice -- unless it's an emergency . 
Completed the Children in the Middle Class yesterday . Now waiting for my husband to do the same so we can get this divorce over with . First he stalled by not making the child support appointments for two months , now by not taking the class when scheduled . Will this ever end ? I want my freedom ! 
is being held hostage by her bed . Please do not attempt negotiations until morning . 
And me without a shovel ! 
I think everyone else's snow has blown into my yard . I can only see 1/2 of my car and I have no shovel to dig myself out . Any kids in the area want to make a few bucks ? 
Finally ventured out to get the mail . Snow drifts mid-thigh . Walking with a 4 year old tomorrow to get a shovel should be lots of fun . 
8 year old is throwing a temper tantrum because the 4 year old messed up his temporary tattoo while he was applying it . 15 minutes in ... Let's see if this one lasts 2 1/2 hours like the last one . 
Hmmm ... How long will the mania last ? Started just before Thanksgiving . God I love this feeling ! 
is running in overdrive ... 2-3 hours of sleep per night for the last 2 weeks . Need an outlet ! 
is sick and tired of cowardly men . Please guys ... grow a pair ! 
Is it over yet ? 
The key to a happier world is the growth of compassion . We do not need to become religious , nor do we need to believe in an ideology . All that is necessary is for each of us to develop our good human qualities . 
I finally got the ok from the doctor to go back to work . She said I'm responding very well to the meds . What she doesn't know is that I stopped taking the meds around Thanksgiving and have been testing a theory about diet and my disorder and feel better than I ever have in the past 16 years . Unfortunately FML expired in Oct , so now I have to find another job . 
Too sick to go home for Christmas . Don't want to infect the entire family . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
1 1/2 < PROPMALE > to make todays mileage goal , but < PROPFIRST > is bugging the crap out of me . I guess it'll have to wait until he goes to sleep . 
To all you moms out there , join the fun & re-post this as your status update . How much did your children weigh at birth ? Let's see if I can remember them all Jolene ... after all I am getting old . Ryan : 6lbs 8oz Steven : 8lbs 1oz Drew : 7lbs 4oz Mark : 9lbs 13oz . It's amazing how my smallest child at birth is the largest now and the largest at birth is my smallest . 
First day volunteering at WTC as an ESL and math tutor . It was lots of fun . Forgot how much I enjoyed doing that . 
Urbandictionary.com just called me a nympho and a whore . How rude ! 
Off to see the personal trainer . I may not make it back alive . 
Okay , I survived . But that woman is nuts ! 
Where is the escape hatch ?! 
Woo hoo ... new car ! Old one is getting stripped and going to the boneyard . Good riddance you POS ! 
You can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into . 
cleaning house ... Happy Friday ! 
Suffering from meat withdrawal . What I wouldn't give for a big , juicy hamburger right now . Oh well , back to my black bean chilaquiles . 
Had a CT scan done today . They blew one IV and had to put in another . Hospitals suck ! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all especially the person in Whitehall who found an envelope with $3200+ and decided not to turn it in even though it has all the rightful owners information in it . Thank you very much ... may < PROPFEMALE > bite you in the ass ! 
Nothing like a little fun to get your mind off losing a few thousand dollars . 
Anyone know where to purchase malt syrup in the LaCrosse area ? 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence : Quiet Riot 1984 
Life is like a jar of jalapeno peppers : What you do today , might burn your ass tomorrow . 
Had my last wisdom tooth removed today . 2 hours later and I still can't feel half my face . 
It's going to be a quiet day in my house ... at least on my end . The kids are going to love it ! 
is feeling politely confrontational today . Would anyone care for a piece of me ? 
I see earless chocolate bunnies ... 
Making the ultimate mexican comfort food ... chilaquiles . Yum ! 
Took the kids to the Sweet Shop . Talk about lack of impulse control , but so worth it . Sweet Shop Deluxe ... Heaven in a bowl . 
Still trying to reorganize my kitchen since the ex went back home . At least the rest of the house looks good . 
Making homemade cinnamon rolls . Nothing like having a big ball of dough fly out of your mixer at you while sitting at the table . 
Messiest cinnamon rolls I have ever made , but soooooo good . 
Obviously , not having a good day . 
Enough procrastinating , back to writing my business plan . 
Writing a business plan is a pain in the rear . So far , all I have done is the description of the business , vision statement , and the mission statement . I've been too busy creating and recreating the menu to get any further . 
Tamales para cena < PROPFEMALE > noche con camarones en chipotle y sopa de limon y cilantro . It's going to be a mexican weekend . Kids are in Black River with their dad . 
Just sent a message to < PROPFIRST>'s father . I guess I do have a bit of fight left in me . Tomorrow , off to the courthouse to file papers to enforce my visitation rights ... 1 1/2 years is long enough . 
needs a good stiff one ... or two ... 
Off to orientation . Hope I don't fall asleep . 
is in a foul mood this morning . Maybe I should go back to bed and try again . 
What did I do to deserve this ? Damn , < PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch ! 
14 days until name change . Now I have to get used to signing my maiden name again . Wonder how many times I'll screw that up . 
Thanks to everyone who helped me reach the 200 goal on MMA ... Now for 250 . 
is in desperate need of a haircut ... 
I wonder if Urban Dictionary has a word for facebooking while drunk ... 
Time for a road trip ... I feel the need for speed ! 
Where's a good place to go in LaCrosse to get shitfaced ? I haven't been to any of the bars in the area in almost 20 years . 
Sorry to slam the door in your face , but you have treated me like shit for too damn long . Why the hell should I treat you any better ? 
Happy Birthday to all my friends whose birthdays are this week . Hope you have the best birthday ever ! 
Watching the Hangover ... perfect viewing for someone getting home at 6am and going on 3 hours of sleep ... Need a good laugh ! 
?? Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you . Sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you . But in your dreams whatever they be dream a little dream of me . ?? Good night . 
9 more days until my divorce is final . Men are lucky . They don't have to go through the process of notifying everyone of a name change ... again . 
The headache I've had for four days has now been upgraded to full blown migraine . 
Why should I take it laying down when bending over is so much easier ? 
Glow-in-the-dark condoms ... Now you see it ... Now you don't ... 
Be careful whose toes you step on today because they might be connected to the foot that kicks your ass tomorrow . 
I think my emotional detachment switch is broken , I'm not supposed to care , but I do . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , \ 
OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding \ 
her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man \ 
wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY \ 
there's a ... man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if \ 
you're against Domestic Violence ? 
Ok , had enough sappy music today ... time for some metal ! 
Went to the optometrist today . He was checking my eyes and told me that my eyes seemed a bit irritated . Of course they're irritated , you just put drops in them . 
Would someone please help me pull my foot out of my mouth ? It keeps getting stuck in there . 
Just got a phone call asking where I was at 7pm . He said he drove by and my car wasn't here . Bull ! I've been home since noon and have the maniacal postings on facebook to prove it . 
If you're going to call and < PROPFEMALE > up , at least make it challenging by blocking your number from my caller ID . 
They say a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live ... REPOST if you are \ 
lucky enough to have at least one of these types of friends 
Good morning my dear Mr. Sun , I miss you . Please come back . I long to feel the warmth of your touch against my face once more . 
Off to the Children's Museum 
Please ignore all invites sent from me . Clicked on a link and it sent out invites to all friends . I apologize , please ignore . 
I am bored out of my mind . Even boxing is incapable of holding my attention for more than a couple of seconds tonight . 
Crazy assed drunk just called wanting me to pick him up from Neillsville . Does the word \Children\ " mean anything to you ? They come first and I make no apologies for that . " 
I hate when bugs fly down my shirt then I risk indecent exposure trying to get it out . 
< PROPFIRST > does a great job riding his bike . Now , if he'd only learn how to stop . 
Results of today's walk/ride with the kids : 1 skinned knee , 1 bruised elbow , 1 exhausted 4 year old and peace and quiet for mom by 9pm . Let's do it again tomorrow . 
Making a celebratory dinner for my ex . I promise ... no poison ... 
Sometimes you have to lose your mind before you come to your senses . 
The new mechanical horse on Cafe World just reminded me of the one at the old arcade that used to be in Bridgeview Plaza , a black and yellow swimsuit , and singing \I wanna be a cowbee ... and you can be my stinger . \"" 
Learn as if you were going to live forever . Live as if you were going to die tomorrow . ~ Mahatma Gandhi 
What is your purpose ? Clear your mind , open your heart and listen ... it will come . 
What part of \Do Not Call Me\ " is so hard to understand ? " 
Hot water fixed . Now , I can start making tamales . 
So < PROPFIRST > won ... round of applause for being mainstream and sounding like everyone else out there . 
Reason without faith is blind , faith without reason is dangerous . 
\Patient endurance is what you need now . \ " Hmmm ... since when have I ever been patient ? " 
The human mind is like a parachute ... it only functions when open . 
Just a couple days in to summer vacation and I'm already getting irritated by the neighborhood kids invading my house . It's summer ... go outside and play or I will destroy your game systems . 
I've been informed to turn off my phone and not answer my door tonight . Thankfully his friends are still looking out for me . 
My oldest son was right , I would have made a good drill sergeant . I've been barking orders at my kids for the past 45 minutes . They made the mess , they will clean it up . 
Fall tuition paid . Now , I need to get my books . 
That was fun . Maybe next time he'll think twice before he comes into my home and starts crap with me . 
It's quiet ... too quiet 
Off to the Minnesota Zoo with the kids . 
I hate driving in the cities , especially when I get forced to take the wrong exit and the exit ramp to get back on the highway is closed . Thankfully we made it home before the storms . Now , I should probably eat something since I haven't had anything besides wontons all day . 
Taking the kids to Copeland Park . They can play all they want and I don't have to tie any more water balloons ... at least for a few hours . 
Finally made it to the park after stopping at SSE Music for some new reeds and a couple of instruments for the kids . 
I guess any long distance walking is out for a while until my foot heals . At least I can still lift weights , but calf raises and squats are out . 
The man is leaving Friday . Now , who am I going to argue with ? Arguing with myself isn't nearly as much fun . 
Finally moved the solid wood dresser upstairs ... by myself . Damn thing weighs over 200 pounds . Only dropped it on my foot once . Where's a man when you need one ? 
People who change their minds constantly really piss me off ... especially when it affects my kids . 
You cannot control other people's actions . You can only control how you respond to those actions . Blocked and deleted . 
I try to be nice . But , sometimes , it's so damn hard . 
In desperate need of a babysitter . After the week I've had , I need a night out . 
We may have had our ups and downs , but the last few years have been worth the ride . Take care of yourself and try to stay out of trouble ' cause I cannot be there to bail you out . 
Poor < PROPFIRST > . With all these tornado and storm warnings , he's having trouble keeping his lunch down . 
Took the kids to the beach in < PROPFEMALE > today . I have a feeling sleep will be elusive tonight . I am one crispy critter . 
The reason I do not belong to any organized religion is because the practice of compassion and forgiveness has given way to the practice of materialism , discrimination and judgement . Is this really how God wants people to behave ? Treat others with respect and dignity , kindness and compassion . 
All I want is one good night of sleep . Someone make the dreams stop , please . 
I sat face to face with a hummingbird this morning . It was absolutely beautiful . 
Making cupcakes with the boys . It looks like a bag of flour exploded in my kitchen . 
Homemade tacos < PROPMALE > pastor ... I'm in heaven . 
is about to practice her magic act . Let's see if I can make myself disappear . Bye-bye folks , I'm out of here . 
Hmmm ... Rendezvous closed in less than a year . So , we have a man who cannot efficiently run a business running the city . What were you people thinking ? 
Humor is always appreciated regardless of the source . As I was driving , I noticed a sign in front of a church and had to laugh . \Fight truth decay ... study the bible daily . \"" 
Spent the day at the pool with the kids . Hope everyone has a great time at the reunion tonight . Have a couple for those of us that can't make it . 
Wish I had a babysitter tonight . A trip to LaCrosse would do me good right now . 
Can't wait until I see one of my neighbors . Her son was over here earlier and took my bass clarinet out of my closet and threw it in the driveway . The gooseneck and < PROPFEMALE > are dented , keys are bent and the mouthpiece is chipped . That kid is so lucky I'm not his mother . 
Time to go hit the bag until I cool off . 
If school wasn't starting in a couple weeks , I'd pack up and go on a long road trip . 
In full cleaning mode . House is getting cleaned from top to bottom , including ceilings . I won't be able to talk for a week or so after bleaching everything . My kids are going to LOVE it . 
Sipping my creme brulee coffee and waiting for the kids to go to bed so I can clean the rest of the house without interruption . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes . I appreciate them more than I can possibly express . Have a wonderful day ! 
Made it through day 1 without eating . Now , let's see if I make through day 2 . 
Toilet was overflowing when we came home from Eau < PROPFEMALE > today so now I have to call the landlord again to fix yet another problem . At least it's not the boiler this time . 
Cinnamon rolls for morning , dough is resting peacefully in the fridge after I beat the hell out of it . 
Must ... write ... paper . Must ... write ... paper . I'm losing the fight with procrastination . It would help if the first Marketing assignment was at least a little interesting . 
Showing symptoms of an upswing ... insomnia , hyperactivity , general intolerance to stupidity . 
Second day of classes and I have come to the realization that I have no < PROPFEMALE > for disorganized instructors . 
Taking a break from business law ( yawn ) . Took this class 16 years ago . Not much has changed except for the size of the book . It was a lot thicker back then with a lot less pictures . 
Yay ! Finished the marketing assignment 4 days ahead of schedule . No more assignments to do until Wednesday . 
Wooohooo ! It's almost 5am ... Isn't insomnia great ! 
Am I really that unapproachable that people feel the need to talk to me through friends ? 
Looks like I'm taking the kids to the emergency room with me . 
Off to take a cold shower ... 
Went in for a body composition analysis . This is the first time I've ever liked what a doctor had to say . 
Really ?! Come on ... I think you need to have your eyes examined . 
Ok . This is becoming very entertaining . If you really want to play ... then let's play . But I want to see some originality . Try for something I've never heard before . 
Disorganized instructor from hell ... 
So tired . Business Law , Intro to Business , and Marketing today . Death by chapter reading ... must stay awake . Give me multiple projects ... with deadlines ... entertain me ! 
can go from complete sanity to lunacy in a matter of seconds . Engage with caution . 
< PROPFIRST>'s first day of school didn't go so well . He didn't get home until almost 5pm . His brothers left him on the bus and he had to ride the entire bus route before coming home . 
This morning's conversation : Mark : \I don't want to go to school . What if I don't get off the bus again ? \ " Me : \ " 1 . You don't have a choice . 2 . I'll be waiting at the bus stop . They won't be going anywhere until you get off . \"" 
trying to exercise a little self-control ... minute by excruciating minute . 
Kids are playing at McDonalds . I'm trying to write an article on employee retention ... It's due Wednesday . I should have been done with it yesterday . I'm a little behind this week . 
< PROPFIRST > broke my laptop . One weeks worth of work ... gone . 
I'm so tired of trying to be good . I want to be bad ... very bad . 
I'm a bad , bad girl ! 
< PROPFEMALE > may be a virtue , but it's not one I possess . 
Wow , do I have a lot to atone for ... time to bring out the whip . 
I may enjoy certain things more than the average person , but that does not make me an addict . 
Happy 9th Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
It's so nice having my computer back . Now , I can give that stupid netbook to the kids . Damn , those things are slow . 
< PROPFIRST > is way too much like his mother . I'm going to have trouble with that one . 
Hoping to get the home gym set up in the basement by this weekend . 
Why is it that furniture looks so small in the store , but when you get it home it looks huge ? 
Texting the ex , texting a friend , chatting on facebook and on Messenger ... multitasking at its finest . 
I hope my washer and dryer get here soon . I'm patiently waiting to mop my floor until after they deliver . Ok , maybe not so patiently . I really want to mop before the kids get home . 
Just finished my power point presentation on learning styles ... hmmm , what to do next ? Paper on global marketing or macroeconomics ? It's Friday and I'm doing homework ... how pathetic ! 
I need a truck or a van ... something big enough to transport a 259 pound piece of equipment ... and a man to help < PROPFEMALE > it . Any volunteers ? 
Treadmill is up and running . Thanks dad ! 
Softball with the kids in the afternoon ... softball until 6 . Holy cats I'm tired ! 
I am so screwed ! When will I ever learn ?! 
5 pounds in 3 days ... that's a good start . 
Oops , I broke my halo . Guess my horns are getting a little too big . 
One good WHACK over the head with a baseball bat ought to do it . 
They want us to leave Arcadia . How the hell are we supposed to get out ! 
Kids are out playing in the yard . Can't fault them for that . I was doing it last night myself ... yeah , I know , I'm a big kid . 
State Patrol heading this way 
I wonder how long it's going to be before the school reopens . I hope Monday ! 
I hate mood swings ! All I want to do right now is beat the crap out of something . 
Laying in the grass doing homework and talking to the neighbor about Hispanic men and their egos and how they hate getting a taste of their own medicine . Needless to say , I'm not getting much done . 
Nauseous and exhausted 
Damn , am I hurting today . Bruised hips , thighs and a strained calf ... 
Had to sit down and have \the talk\ " with someone last night ... I hope he understood . " 
Just call me the annihilator ... :) 
What does it take for me to speak spanish fluently ? Anger and lots of it ! Love it when I get to be mean for a good cause . The look on his face was priceless . 
Looks like I may need the assistance of the police department tonight ... that is if he follows through with his threats . Hopefully , he's just blowing smoke . 
Unadulterated happiness 
Really wish the kids would contain their mess to the play room . 
Saw this on a friends post earlier ... Secrets to a Happy Marriage\ 
1 . It is important to find a woman that cooks and cleans . \ 
2 . It is important to find a woman that makes good money . \ 
3 . It is important to find a woman that likes to have sex . \ 
and MOST important ... 4 . It is important that these three women never meet . 
Life comes with no guarantees , no time outs , no do overs . Live life to the fullest . Tell someone what they mean to you . Speak your mind . Dance in the pouring rain . Fall asleep watching the sun come up . Smile until your face hurts . Don't be afraid to take chances . Love like you have never been hurt . But most importantly , live in the moment , you never know when it may be your last . 
Wish I could just let go and say how I feel ... 
It's useless quiz time ! 
They say that the eyes are the windows to one's soul . I think they're right ... 
The greatest control is admitting you have no control . 
If my personality had a flavor , what would it be ? 
If I'm sitting here quietly with a devilish smile on my face ... be afraid ... be very afraid ! 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams . Live the life you have imagined . ~ Henry < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
Working on my SPAM presentation . I never thought an assignment on SPAM could be this much fun . 
What's the difference between ignorance and apathy ? I don't know and I don't care . 
Your proctologist called ... he found your head . 
Honesty is the best policy , but insanity is the best defense . 
Hanging out in Platteville tonight . I really like it down here . 
Fish heads , fish heads , roly poly fish heads ... 
Face your fears to find what you seek ... follow your heart to find happiness . 
Why do I feel like I haven't accomplished anything today ? 
Es el < PROPFEMALE > que abraza el cuerpo en amor verdadero . 
In your life you will find one person . The love between you will go beyond words , and be spoken deep within the eyes . This feeling , this connection , will never be broken . 
I'm feeling so girly today , I'm even wearing a skirt . 
Gotta love Sundays ... cleaning the house from top to bottom . Wonder if I'll lose my voice again . 
hmmmm ... that's all I have to say today . 
Sitting in class ... bored out of my mind . 
I hate looking for apartments ! 
Looked at a couple of places today . No way in hell am I paying that kind of money for a crappy apartment ! 
< PROPFIRST > was home sick today with 104 degree fever ... gets to stay home from school tomorrow too thanks to the 24 hour rule . Luckily , no vomiting , for now . 
Get the pleasure of driving all the way to Tomah tomorrow to look at a house . Yay ! 
Furniture sitting outside in the lawn ... somebody take it please ! 
Finally found a house . It's a huge old farmhouse that just needs a little love . 
Existential philosophy ... nope , I've got nothing . 
Commitment is healthiest when it is not without doubt , but in spite of doubt . It is not a contradiction to believe fully yet have doubts . It is nothing but an awareness that truth always goes beyond anything that can be said or done at any given moment . 
Shields up ! 
Ahhh , the Goldschlager went down so good last night . A couple more and I would have been singing . Unfortunately , I have school in the morning , so no drinking tonight . 
Well , time to hit the road so I can get my marketing assignment done . 
Can't seem to get warm tonight . 
I think I'm seriously developing a shoe fetish . 
I made three promises to myself when I was 17 . 1 . Never fall in love . 2 . Never get married . 3 . Never have kids . Damn , I broke them all ... just a little out of order . 
My head is definitely not in the right place today . 
I really should be working on my business plan . It's due in 2 days . 
The marketing section of this business plan is giving me a headache . After I pick up the kids , I'll throw on some Suicidal Tendencies and bust it out . 
Back in Platteville for the night . Why is it that I feel so comfortable here ? 
Life's a terminal disease . 
We grow through adversity . We need not seek it out ; we can all look back at moments when our lives were in utter chaos , desolation and despair . Growth comes when we respond to adversity by stretching just an edge beyond our talent and experience . ~ Dr. < PROPFIRST > D . Wald 
If you find yourself walking through the bowels of hell , RUN ! You're in my realm now . Abandon all hope ye who enter here . 
WARNING : I am cranky , tired , and prone to taking things the wrong way ... approach with caution . 
Guess what time it is kids ... it's CLEANING TIME ! Grab your buckets and your brushes and hop to it ! 
Pounding out the homework today . That's what I get for not doing anything this weekend . 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... ewww ! I really need to move south . 
I think hell just froze over . 
School has been cancelled tomorrow . At least I don't have to call in now . 
I got busted singing in the kitchen . Nothing like belting out a tune and having someone walk in on you . :) 
Patiently waiting until Friday so I can take my last final ... Business Law . All other classes are done for the semester . 
Looks like any toys the kids left outside before the storm will be left behind . I hate moving in December . 
Finally got my grade back on my business plan ... 199/200 . Hurry up and return it . I want to see where I lost a point . I just hope it wasn't something stupid like a spelling error ... I forgot to spell check before I sent it off . 
Good thing I keep track of my grades . Had to correct a 14 point mistake by my business law instructor . 
Out of the ash I rise with my red hair , and I eat men like air . ~ Sylvia Plath \Lady Lazarus \"" 
I think for Christmas I'll get me a pair of black thigh high boots ... sounds like a good present to me . 
Finally finished Christmas shopping for the kids today . Now , it's time to get some fun things for mom . 
Time to slip on the boots and go to bed . 
5 days left to finish moving ... nice time to get sick . 
Anyone know of any local organizations in need of kids clothing boys sizes 3-6 ? I have a couple bags full that I am looking to donate . 
4.0 :) 
20 pounds to go to get to where I was 10 years ago . 
One person can make a difference ... a million can change the world . 
< PROPFEMALE > and peach schnapps ... what a wonderful combination :) 
They are all dead to me . If I never see or speak to them again , it will be too soon . 
Yay ! Abnormal Psychology in 30 minutes :) 
-23F when I went to school this morning ... like riding in a lumber wagon . 
Porterhouse and baby bakers . It's been so long ... I almost forgot how good beef is in steak form . 
I'm a little suspicious of my housekeeper ... things just aren't adding up . It should have been a lot cleaner in here when I got home from school . 
Love my collar ! 
Guess I better start my ethics paper on the morality of infidelity based on various theories . I suppose I have to include Divine Command and Natural Law . Let's see how many feathers I can ruffle this week . 
