No one needs to understand me except for me and I can promise you that Ill ALWAYS do whatever I think is right . So if you think youre opinions or social quos are going to change that , then you might as well find a dark corner and fuck yourself , cause I'm no fucking puppet . Pleased to meet you , I call meself < PROPFIRST > . 

For 3/10's of a second my online friends read ( 0 ) . I was about to so excited , Ive never seen it before . But as it turns out , it was just flicking around my giggle trigger . 
Smells like Bvlgari Blv and looks like a Dreadsican ( dreaded mexican ) , suck it world . 
If it ain't hurting the people around you , then you aint a criminal . Stand and fight , be the changes you want to see . Start the fucking revolution ! 
Halcyon ... on ... on ................ 
quien me olvide ? quien < PROPFEMALE > olvido ? 
Looks kinda like a lion with a handle of Corby's 
I love everyone , but dont piss me off today cause I will fucking skin you . 
2 days till absolution ... 
In abscence there is adventure . In attendance , there is the mundane . We cant have it all , but yet we'll never have nothing . My journey waits for me around the bend , you all have been have been the safety net to my ever progressing incline towards self discovery . But to live to the fullest , the daring must let go of their sense of self preservation and jump into life . Where does your adventure begin ? 
Absolution ... 
One day , One day Ill catch you . And when I do , brother , you gonna wish I hadn't . Till that time , happy hunting . But when your time's up , I will be waiting , with a bat and a bag full of bruises , for free bitch . 
I think sometimes we just gotta do what we know isnt necessarily right . But right and wrong are opinions , sociatal norms , a mass gathering of all morality across a populace of people . Well you know what ? I aint no fucking populace ... 
I left my phone out in the rain . This upsets me . I won't be gone long . 
No fucking way . 
Gonna go have a jog , wont be around for a few . 
Bored , give me a call and we'll talk , or shoot me a text . 
2 More days ... 
Wants a bottle of gin and some perrier , this is an odd moment for < PROPFIRST > Mendoza . 
I need to try and clear my head . Im taking the board . 
13 hours and 45 minutes 
Hello from AUSTRALIA !!!!! 
I think Ive been awake for like two days , Im not sure at all though . It was a good first day , walked around Brisbane , worked at a nursery and met some wicked sweet Aussies . Having a brew with my host at the moment , all is well . Ill talk with everyone soon . 
Hopes that Australian scales just dont know how to convert into lbs 
Having a jog . Be back in 20ish 
Just woke up , its 840ish and Im making some brekky . Today is a good day . 
Cock , Balls . 
Anoche pasado d'italiana por < PROPFIRST > Estrada . Buenisimo ! Brava ! 
So its finally true , I didnt think Id believe it , because its been in and out of production for the past half decade , but BOONDOCK SAINTS 2 : ALL SAINTS DAY IS FINALLY COMING OUT !!!!!!!! 
I'll be posted with my blunt and a brew , because Im that man on the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Sorry everyone , I would have been on earlier , but my cousin likes to monopolize the computer for hours at a time . 
Waiting ... 
If you want to know completion in the instant , you need look no further than mine eyes ... liberation 
Having meself a Bulmers . Only in Every country outside of the US . Priceless . 
Making Brekky ! Then off To < PROPMALE > Bay !!! Home , Here I come 
I love everyone . Ill tell you in person if I get to see you soon . 
up to the grocery store for some butter , be back in 10 
Friends ALWAYS do what they can . 
Teaching the Ozzies some American drinking games !!! Finally , Ive figured out that Im on the path to completion . NO ONE can sway me otherwise . 
Hey , I take it back . Fuck pretentious Ozzies . 
Family is believing , against all odds , in the best of each other . I get to choose my family . 
I dont even know where this came from . 
Its friday night , we're FINALLY going out . IMMA STICK MY < PROPMALE > IN SOME MASHED POTATOES ! 
Things always get better . 
Kinda forgotten and had to deal with some anger issues . Man life is sweet . :P 
Nuvher day , Nuhver dollar . I get to go < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > , Belind & Co . all day !! 
I like the song No Air . Old but gold . 
Its Devils night here here in Oz . Its time for the moment we've all been waiting for . Lets show these Banana Benders what All Hallow's < PROPFEMALE > is all about ... 
Its my last night in Brizzy . On to the Great barrier reef and then a few cities in So Oz . Wish me luck . Its time to get shitty . 
Thinks he's about to cry because he misses his friends . 
Spending my last day in Oz roaming around Melbourne . 
Thinks he would like to continue is day of nothingness by renting and watching Funny People . I hear good things . 
Anyone wanna watch scrubs tonight ? I dont have cable and no one else really seems to like that show but me . 
Taking a Shower playAAAAAAAAAAAA ! 
Watching Scrubs online . Suck it world . 
hanging out with the roomies 
25 might be my new favourite number . 
holy shit I just saw 42 shoot 64 in the head , right in the FUCKING head , oh god 42 , why ??!?!?!?!? 
I wanna play DOOM 
Is totally going to go to the cafe and knit his scarf . Thanks < PROPMALE > . 
Im too sexy for my shirt ... so I decided to shower . 
I exist again ... 
Off to work . 
Running . Be back in a bit 
Shower then dinner I think . 
What the hell is wrong with me ? 
It's 16C outside . Im so FUCKING EXCITED !!!!!!! Suck it Midwest , this is why I moved south . Go Longhorns , Go guns , go super conservative ranch managers and their beautiful southern < PROPFEMALE > wives . Go EVERYTHING that is TEXAS . BITCHES ITS FOR FREE !!!!! 
Going for a quick cruise on the bicicleta . Be back in a while . 
CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN !!! 
Where the hell is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 
10 days till I get to see family again !!! 7 Weeks till family comes to live with me !!! 
8 days ! 
5 days playas . 
Project Natale , yes please - FPS is gonna rock my socks Project Natale , no thank you - Skynet ... 
I guess I did alright this semestre . 
I think I may have just devised the single most sophisticated work of cunning ever attempted by an evil genious . World , prepare to dance in the tears of happiness . 
It may be christmas for yall bastards , but we still counting down over here below the < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Yall got family , get off of facebook ! 
I dont know what people winge so much about this , Christmas alone is friggin awesome , Im about to put spiced rum in my pancake mix and crack a beer . Its 1030 in the morning for me ... 
Scratch that , spiked coffee first , then all that bit with the rum cakes and beer . 
Eating Some < PROPFIRST > at 2 in da moe-nen 
Once had short , un-dread hair and fewer piercings . 
Going to Salsa lessons !!! 
anyone know of a good site that will calculate the distance of a running route ? 
THANKS STACE !!! I dont know why I didnt come to you straight away . how has everything been ?! We have to catch up sometime and talk . thanks again , now Im off to kick rocks ! 
watching paranormal activity , alone , with the lights off . Im screwed ... 
Monto en bicicleta o no ? Que si amigos , voy a ducharme en el viento < PROPMALE > invierno ! 
HOOK'EM HORNS ! I got work till 11 so I won't be able to watch . 
F whose L ? Oh that's right , mine . FML 
65 and < PROPFEMALE > . go for some running ? I think yes . 
Running 
When do things become ok ? 
4.3 in 41.5 , Ill take it 
YES !!!! EVERYONE CAN SUCK IT !! MY DAY JUST GOT SWEET , SWEETER , SWEETEST ! 
Bonus . I love my life . 
Should be in the solid 60's when family comes to visit !!! 
To all you ladies out there that didnt get a happy < PROPFIRST > s day today , It's only because you havent found a guy who deserves to be your < PROPFIRST > . Youre all gorgeous creatures and you give the world beauty . Thank you for your femininity . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Laughs because he does not have snow ... in fact , it was 75 all day yesterday . Sometimes jealousy is not only acceptable , it is required . Ill take payments in the form of your tears :P 
Im crying along with the rest of you , cause believe it or not , the snow is thick in < PROPFIRST > :( FUCK MY LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I had my first Taco < PROPFEMALE > in 6 months just the other day . I remember why < PROPFEMALE > is the best ... 
Some how Ive managed to befriend all the most amazing people on earth . Thanks everyone , I miss all of you very much . 
Just found out that a Karate Kid remake is due for release in June , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is playing ' the Miyagi ' of the film . Answered Prayers ... 
29 is an awesome number , it's 70 outside and its only my first cup of coffee after the sun said hello . Im not rubbing it in , Im just giving yall hope that it CAN be beautiful somewhere . 
It feels like my closest circles are waiting for me to say when I'm coming ' home ' . I left because I WANTED to . 
I'll do what I want . 
A glorious day amongst days ... 
Time to rinse off the dried blood and dead skin . Everyday I see my dream ... YES 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone . I miss every last one of yous very much . May you hearts be as big as your glasses with two times too much love to fill them . 
Ive got a roof over my head , clothes on my back , a job to to take care of MY responsibilities and Im not dead , crippled , or addicted . This is where I tell you to get FUCKED . Im not waiting for an apology , Im waiting to hear the words , ' I was wrong ' . But I know the game , thanks for playing ... try again never . 
Estoy empezando mirar lo que tengo que hacer . Yo he puestome en camino ... Ni bastante pies , tenemos muchos pasos ... 
Yo quisiera olvidar .... pero significara que yo tuviera que olvidar a todos , e uds . son parte de eso . A que hora entiendo yo ? 
Hey , ' witty statement about the tigers ..., blah ' I could give a fuck . Tell that shitty team and even shittier city to suck it's own ... thumb . 
I'm forever blowing bubbles / Pretty bubbles in the air / They fly so high / They reach the sky / And like my dreams they fade and die / Fortune's always hiding , I've looked everywhere / I'm forever blowing bubbles , pretty bubbles in the air . / United ! - Mine Smile is a Wicked One . Time to Rage 
Im smiling today . Rain on this parade and Im afraid the parade is going to riot trample your shit ... sorry , you just suck ... nothing personal ... 
The Puzzle continues to evolve ... 
It's one of them days again folks . I know I know , it might be getting redundant , but if I dont keep building my barriers , Ill be swallowed alive . So , in the name of self preservation ; FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK OOOOFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF . 
It's raining really hard outside ... I deliver on bike ............... fuck my life 
GO WINGS !!!! hopefully Ill be able to go watch them somewheres . My heart always flys red . Get'EM BOYS !!! 
I NEVER GOT THE < PROPMALE > TO WATCH !!! Can someone update me on the wings ? What was the final ? 
GET'EM WINGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You cant tell me how to make or create the love so thinly scattered in this awkward place ... 
Ive only got two rules ; nirvana and bliss If you < PROPFEMALE > to feel loved , my ballad goes like this ... 
Will not stand for this injustice any longer 
No Olvides Nunca Lo Que Habia Pasado ... 
Will you sit idly by and wait for the world to swallow your convictions ? I feel sorry for those of you who will ... 
Happy Birthday Eeyore . 
Sacrifice ; an inevitable reluctancy . This or that ? How hard will it become ? 
< PROPFEMALE > ; good bye world . 
Anything going on in the ATX tonight ? 
Im confused , if ' Your Sex is on Fire ' doesnt that mean you got the clap ?... Or at the very least crabs ?... Think about it 
-It's a guarateed disaster , like eating a buritto before sex ... - 
Running < PROPFIRST > in my Skibbes , it's a possibility ... 
Underwear is fun 
I dont know if Ive told you this , but the gas station at the end of my street is the one from Dazed and Confused . I buy shit from there like erday ! 
Dependability is not Man's greatest characteristic . The Shark preys , the bird flies , but to be human is chaos and through chaos we acheive our natural beauty . I will forever hate you with all the love in my heart . Welcome to reality ... 
Spinnin ... 
Party Down . Fucking blue eyed brunettes ... I cant even think straight .... 
You can look all over , but youll never find hot shit like mine , cause I provide dat new new ..... It never matters how many times I hear it over however many months , it still sounds like home to me . 
I think Im gonna get shitbombed tonight , anyone else in the ATX down ? 
NOOOOOO < PROPFIRST > , he's inside my head Im the Juggernaut BITCH , my suit's so tight 
CUP CRAZE !!!!!!!! 
Hey , guess what .?.? Get STUFFED ... cause I dont give a ... care ? 
Oh , btdubs ... fuck you ! 
SHOW THOSE LIMEY BASTARDS HOW WE PLAY FOOTY !!!!!!!!!! U S A 
A devilish grin effortlessly spaning from ear to ear , teeth springing from crimson lips with the audacity of light at the end of the tunnel , the air laden with the unfamiliar tastes of foreign pastures . With the past's sun at his back and the divine palms of fortune grasping at his heels he stands thusly and whispers to the wind , 
I dont give a shit who's hosting it , DO WORK URUGUAY ! 
Soooooooooo , shit 
So I know enouh photo-geeky people , who wants to do a shoot ? 
If everyone hates being berer of bad news , then why cant they bring me any good ? 
SHIT !!!!! U.S. , WHY !?!?!?! 
WE DONT NEED THAT XTRA GOAL YOU SILLY OFFICIAL FUCK ! WE WON ANYWAYS !!! SUCK IT WORLD , U.S. CAN PLAY FOOTY ! 
Not Impressed , Not Surprised . 
Im gonna get piss drunk , then Im going to sleep , then wake up and get pissed drunk . 
Mexico v < PROPFEMALE > , this one is going to confuse my sense of loyalty ... 
Still not impressed , still not surprised . Predictabilty is getting a bit predictable . 
Tomorrow always means 1 day closer . I hope everyone's ready to party , I plan on a few casualties ... 
Going to < PROPFIRST > in a Million for brekky . If you dont know the name , then I pity your hollow existence . It's ... perfect ... 
a high of 93 ? sounds like home to me . Hope I wont end up getting cold ... 
Im in Michigan Sticka Doodles . Call me all the time , every time . 
Back home in the ATX !!! Whats good TEXAS !!?!?!?!?!?! 
Run Run Run as fast as you can , you cant catch me cause Im ' < PROPFIRST > the Man ' . Or was it < PROPFIRST > imal ? That ' ferally ' beast of an animal ? Whoever I is , you'd better be quick , cause Im moving fast and I never quit . Run < PROPFEMALE > Run 
River swimming , disc golf playing , botanical gardens exploring muh fuh-er . If anyone is down for joining just give me a call 586 596 2541 . Deuces . 
I know this is what I want , but I remember how good it felt ... and Im missing it right now ... 
... 
Seis Banderas mutha suckas !! Fun in the sun with two of my besties and their spawn . SOOOOO SWEET !!!! 
Fuck the proverbial heart 
Call me ignorant or arrogant , condescending or conceded , but if you havent ever had to support yourself on your own , then youre not as good a person as me . Sorry , it's just the truth . 
Gym ? Ill try it 
That melancholic , crestfallen maze we all have to walk in order to find the end , with its intricacies and double-entendres , you'll find yourself asking , ' why do I put myself through this ? ' 
What's going on ATX ? 
For just one night , just one , Id like to be taken care of . 
Ex Neigh on the bullshit meing , when I roll back to < PROPMALE > , I cant believe them sounds of them non believers .... embrace the martian ... 
feeling a bit better about the loneliness . Thank you 
What a surprise , dont want you to see where Im taking you tonight ... what a surprise to be with you again ... 
Because life is signs . Im going to read and react . if you think your method is better , then do it , cause even if you think Im wrong , Im still going to beat you 
Feelings of Inadequacy ; oddly more bitter than the folgers in your cup ... 
Mom , Cousin , Bar 
get fucked and die . That's how much I care :D 
I guess that's how the next 5 months will be . Prepare to be disappointed . 
Detroit is that , Detroit is the , Detroit is the reason Im cool ... \ 
My D-Town niggas HOLLA !!!!!!! 
Youre Renunced Son ! 
Well ... fuck off I suppose 
Even heaven can be a lonely place from time to time ... :/ 
So guess what ? My brother is a fucking baller 
Long day , school all morning , work all night . Damn 
Misses his baby :( 
To understand happiness we must also know pain . I'm intimate with my pain because it reminds me of sanctity of love . Today stings , but I'm happy to hurt ... 
When all else fails ... run ... 
When all falls down ... Run ... 
!!! hace PINCHE FRIO !!! 
Time stops ... then ........ run .. 
:D it's snowing it michigan :P 
Till the bottle's empty 
It'll be cool if you just fucking stopped 
Im starting to think , I dont like people ... 
Sometimes ... sometimes the world smiles back ... 
Just bought Mr. Rager ... good bye reality ... 
Imma trot the fuck outta this turkey , Be back in 5 miles . \ 
When all falls down ... run ... 
36.45 min : 5mi :: < PROPFIRST > Mendoza : sodomizing personal goals . \ 
Happy Thanksgiving Bruddas and Crittas 
Inspector Owl ... Diffuse some Neurotransmitters Across my Synaptic Cleft please ... 
I have a deep seeded hatred , yes hatred ; that undying and unforgivable despise , for all that which sucks . Please refrain from falling into the ' suck column ' or Ill hate you too 
Oh , self-righteousness , that shit'll get you thrown into the suck column . Stop pretending . You know who you are ... 
Dear Mitten , \ 
I miss you very much , I really do , what with all your fantastical autumn charms and open waters tucked away in even the most remote of pockets . But it was 72 degrees outside today in Texas and this has caused me to forget its already mid december . \ 
Dear Mitten , \ 
Be Better . 
To Transcend Space Time ... run ... 
G-Babes incoming . ETA - 45 minutes and counting . End result : World Domination ? Oh yeah , its fucking world Domination ... 
It's good to be alive . Thanks for reminding me ginzel . 
3 A's and 1 B . That'll do donkey , that'll do ... 
It's confirmed , The Hangover 2 is coming ... Bill < PROPMALE > to cameo ... 
Taking J-nigga Downtown ATX for his 21st . Time to live vicariously ... 
Wants to remember what it feels like to be loved :( It's lonely and the sun is shinning ... 
Just when you begin to believe this can be a benevolent existence ... 
Shit 
Pickle Mitten ... 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen ... cinemic God or just God ? 
Ever roll over at night and wish someone was there the hold you ...? I frequent this ideal ... 
G's from CB - $15 . Food stuffs from HEB - $25 . Thursdays at Lovejoy's - $2/pint . Being caramel coloured in winter ... priceless . 
So tell me now what was my fault , in loving you with my whole heart ....... 
Vino vino . Making dinner over algunas botellas de vino . See ladies , men can be refined . 
Eyes open , ears eager , legs impatient , all with a will for nature . My first little outting . Im off ! 
Little Secrets - Passion Pit . Feel good today and dont forget your smile ! 
There is no happiness ignorant of suffering ... so suffer me world , and I shall see bliss ... 
I'm running the Cap 10K tomorrow , who feels like drinking ? 
Ive more important things to worry about , like my life . Your complications are defecting my day to day . 
