I wish the world was flat like the old days and I could travel just by folding the map . So this is the new year . 

alright , alright . 
hmmm . what should I do today ? 
going on a mission ... 
Taking a step out of my comfort zone and trusting someone different just gets me fucked over . Thought you were different ... 
I don't know what to have on my mind anymore . Time will tell ... 
Hmmm interesting night . 
got super tan from the river yesterday . another mission accomplished . 
Starting now I'm starting over . 
My judgement's getting kinda hazy 
Maybe I don't have to be good but I can try to be at least a little better than I've been so far . 
You never fail to suprise me ... keep me on my toes 
With a touch of redemption , a hint of elation ; a recipe for disaster . 
Thought this was different . Shoulda known better I guess ... 
Don't fill up your head with trivial things . Life's too beautiful for you to leave . 
Awwwh :) 
Hmm not what was planned this night . Now I know I've found a good group of the most genuine friends and the best boyfriend :) So this is what life's about ? 
I hope I really just didn't ruin this ... 
So much funnnn :) 
Best nachos of my lifeeee ! :D 
Time is useless when your head's caught up in the clouds . 
Why would you say that ? :/ 
Off to the lake ! :) 
This weekend has been epic ! So many bad things happened ;) haha . Happy birthday one last time < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I'm not saying that it's right ; and I'm not saying it's a life . I'm just saying it's where I'm at tonight . 
Whoa boyyy 
We go dumb dude 
No reason to share my goddamn youth . 
I fall asleep with my friends around me . The only place I know I feel safe . I'm gonna call this home . 
Jam sesh 
I've never loved my best friend more than I do now . She's the best . She knows how to make me feel better when I've never been worse . 
Why do people even need emotions . Someone want mine ? I'm crushed . Why do I even care anymorem 
gone . 
My senses come alive , almost like the puzzle piece I've been trying to find . 
Haha so my summer's officially over . Celebrated it just the way I hoped ;) Life's full of fun . I'm ready so don't stop ... 
School school school 
Take two :) 
I love not having class on mondays :D 
oh boy . 
Last night's conversation was too much fun . I like where things are going . 
Ohh that's too embarresing . Dang I feel sruper dumb :/ 
Don't stop make it pop 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > are you all in the sky ? 
It's a victimless crime , just digging on the feeling of feeling sublime . 
All this homework sucks . I've got more important plans ! 
You make me feel like I'm livin a teenage dream . 
I can tell it in the sound of your voice , I know I better be careful . 
This is like old memories :) 
Mumford and son on the radio !? Score :) 
Last night was a blast . I'm lovin these new friends :) 
This boy <3 
No regrets , just love . 
How can I check lost and found when I'm too busy getting down ? 
What a good day . So much funnn <3 
99 red balloons . 
So that's a screwdriver ? 
Woke up earlier than I had too . I'm not saying that's a bad thing :) 
This intellectual black hole reeks of cologne and lies . 
Super stoked for first friday tonight ! 
Yesh fuck me , for driving ... 
what a night . 
I've got the magic . 
Hmm what's there to do tonight ? 
Did I really pay 5 dollars for this ? Hmm boys that say they're gonna be here , but aren't ... 
Sour patch to acid tongue . 
They're back ... 
hmm i miss my long hair . doesn't feel right shorter . ha 
Oh is it already past your bed time ? 
last night was a good time indeed . 
ohh man i love sounding stupid and awkward texts :/ 
Cuz I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby . 
Old habits die hard , but I'm too young to die . 
Hocus pocus (: 
Sooo lameee . 
Other parasites ripped on schedule you solitary man . 
Wait a minuet , < PROPFEMALE > , I'm gonna add it up . 
You are not a specialist . 
Getting to walk across campus to find your class is canceled is thhhe best . 
I got a date with the night . 
Tonight was so much more fun than I expected ;) 
six color pictures all in a row of a marigold . 
Got a devil's haircut in my mind 
I'm a romantic ; but never < PROPFEMALE > white . 
I'm fareeezing but refuse to wear pants . 
Weekend starts now (: 
It's not confidential , I've got potential . 
I'm up and alive for no reason . 
We've got the vision , now let's have some fun . 
How can I check lost and found when I'm too busy getting down ? 
Finallllly got a job haha 
Gotta gotta be down because I want it all 
Party on , tonight should be funn 
Gcc ... so bored 
Now I'm a straight-line < PROPMALE > in a black-out room 
I love my friends :) the new ones too . 
He has only one thing to say ...... 
I'm not a trophy , I'm just a show fiend . 
Why can't I feel anything from anyone other than you ? 
I feel like < PROPFIRST > cash wearin all this black 
So it's my best friend's birthday tomorrow ... tonight's gonna get rowdy . 
You said that words can only get you so far , but I've got sentences that cover up all my scars . 
you don't need to see the fire to smell the gasoline 
guess i'm one of those ? 
You don't know me , but you owe me . 
Work should be ... interesting ... tomorrow . Ahhaha . 
Ha some conversations are too funn 
it gets worse ... 
i'm sinking like a stone in the sea . 
Starting now I’m starting over to play the game , get even , act my age . 
Like stars burning holes right through the dark . 
You've made a lasting impression , and if it doesn't feel right , then I just can't go wrong . 
I know what I want noww 
Boring . Let's do something 
No apologies ever need be made , I know you better than you fake it 
Did I do something wrong ? :/ ughh 
You can't buy no respect like the librarian said 
And so this is christmas , I hope you have fun . 
Not quite losing faith , just giving it time to make up its mind . 
It’s just a drop in the ocean , a change in the weather , I was praying that you and me might end up together . 
I got a gnome in the backyard , I put him right on the x < PROPFIRST > . He’s supposed to show me where the money is . 
I just wanna stay up and watch the rain with someone special . 
And we are vagabonds . We travel without seatbelts on . We live this close to death . 
It makes me happy when they play third eye blind at work :) 
Let the games begin . 
semi-charmed I'm alive 
Whoa , where'd the day go !? 
Finally a day off ! Stoked . Now what should I do ? 
I'm going to live , but I'm living far away . 
finally my last class ! 
what do tigers dream of ? 
yessss robot chicken . 
:) 
moments of the past , coming back to find us . not to relive them , just to remind us . 
I can do anything that I want , cuz look . 
I'm super cereal . 
Free fun . 
I don't want no savior baby , I just wanna have a good time . 
More importantly today is payday . 
If I seem surprised , it's just a joke I'm trying out . 
Oh dang . 
Red is the new blonde . 
just bought my parkway drive ticket . so stoked :) 
And I can taste it , it's my sweet beginning . 
The weather was perfect today , but now it's too cold . 
so . bored . 
hmm , that was fun . :) 
Don’t stop calling , you’re the reason I love losing sleep . 
we’re half-awake in a fake empire 
What a joke ... 
Mmmmmmmmmmm . 
Green tea is the cure for just about everything . What a night . 
If it's a game , and these are the stakes I know I got the best shot , for taking you out of the race . 
I got birds in my ears and a devil on my shoulder . 
you give me butterflies . 
English 102 ... you're killin me . wtf . 
Stupid boy , you are not that smooth . 
Your cloud line urges me , and my electric surges free . 
how come when you realllly want a certain someone to answer your text ... they don't ? this , right now , really upsets me :( i have something important to sayyy !!! 
Cross your heart , it's yours for you to keep . 
near death experiences ... 
Umm excuse me , isn't it a safety hazard for you to be out in public ? 
Holy moley me oh my . 
Dang didn't even study for my psychology exam and aced it ... should I rethink my career field ? 
