Hmmmm ...... 

sitting here eating jalapeno chips 
First game Sept . 4th 
eating an apple !! :) 
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah 
Game tomorrow ...... : U 
has been farming 
nothing like dried cranberries 
Homework !! 
Parade on Saturday !!! 
Parade on wednesday ! 
Parade tonight : U 
Football game tonight ...... I really hope we wont stink ... today was not the greatest . 
Can somebody send me more Baby elephants ?? 
is eating pretzles 
Nervous about tomorrow 
GOODJOB BAND !!!! WE DID AWESOME 
Set Crew today 
Is chillin at home with her dog 
Trick or treating tonight !! 
LAST NIGHT WAS SO COOL !!!! 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Excited about tonight ... this is going to our best preformence 
I need about 60 chickens if you could send me some that would be GREAT !! 
Thanks guys !! 
oreos 
nothing like a great game of checkers to brighten your day 
YAY !! NO SCHOOL !!!! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > excited to get our new weiner dog today !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > and Mia are adorable together ... they are in the other room playing tug-of-war 
people are stupid 
so , I kinda , sorta , really love you a whole ton <3 
Tomorrow is a new day ..... 
leapord print 
school or no school ? 
made supper and is VERY proud !!! 
Dilly Bars rock 
hurts 
hard boiled eggs ... you gotta love um 
My bedroom door handle 
Half time SUCKED 
looking up random words on youtube then seeing if there is a song that coralates 
finished my papter for english and its going to be the best out of the classs 
i said id never let you go and i never did ... i said id never let you fall and i always ment it .. if you didnt have a < PROPMALE > the i never did .. you will always find me right there again . 
Thats right ...... jump me ... i bet you wont ... it was worth sending you to the office for stinking up the halls 
people seem to turn out what you least expect them to be .... story of my life 
is eating oreos and drinking milk :) 
why do people have to be so hard to trust ? 
I guess talking to the ones that hurt you doesnt help if they dont care 
kinda pissed about the snow 
really mad at farmville 
is so excited that i might get to wear new spring clothes this week ! 
Uhh has anyone else finished the book for english ... and started their project ?? 
did anyone find a timeline for the thing in english ? 
:) 
why are people so judgmental ? 
\ ... the only thing thats going to bother me is that you all call yourselfs my friends ... why cant you look me in the eye one last time ? \"" 
Ru pauls Drag Race is so funny .... 
so glad its friday !!! 
does anyone have a squeegy ? 
is mad that our english paper is due tomorrow ... when we could have done it over the weekend .. all because our teacher was sick 
: My paper really sucks :( 
\ ... im cornier then ethonol .. \"" 
does anyone besides me watch RuPauls Drag Race ? 
is flossing 
that assembly was very degrading to my instament .... what a waste of money 
pain without love .. pain cant get enough ... i like it rough becuase id rather feel pain then nothing at all .. 
concert went well 
is going to grannies 
kyler 
hahahaha ...... it will all catch up to you in the end ... 
feeling sneeky and sly ... will she ever find out ? 
eating one of my many loves ... cheesecake :) 
i stil have to write my poem 
is getting nervous about tomorrow 
you cannot change anyone , no matter how hard you try to influence them 
.... pain i can't get enough .... 
going to be leaving for contest soon .... i really hope ill do well .... wish me luck 
started my off the sno wizard season with tuty fruity 
i am really only excited for the bus ride to topeka .... well contest here i come 
has an interview on monday 
Mucho hambre 
goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ... 
ok , so i want to get as many opinions on this as i can : do you think i should cut my hair or keep it long ? 
three weeks till drumline tryouts .... i better have it perfected 
\ .... I'm on a boat ... I'm on a boat ... everybody look at me cause I'm sailing on a boat .... \"" 
today's ceremony was very touching ... i didnt think i was going to cry 
dads birthday is tomorrow . 
.. ; its really sad when only your best friends comment on your status . 
wants to see you .. 
getting ready for < PROPFEMALE > night :) 
DOES ANYONE REALLY KNOW WHAT WE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE WRITING ABOUT FOR OUR ENGLISH PAPER ???? 
does not feel good ..... :( 
FINALLY HOME .... i do not like being at school for that LONG 
So So so so so so hungry .... 
; starving is not fun 
is actually pretty happy today ... 
; 100 things that gareentes men wont be dating or having sex is a really good show ! 
is slurping jello through a straw ... its harder than it looks . 
i hate hipocrates 
the luv guru really sucks ... dont watch it 
Only has to go to second block ... then i am free 
Done with school 
.. usless .. 
; it was a little to hot to run today .... i guess i now know not to run midday ... 
im an only child for a week ! 
well my day is now ruined 
just got back from helping out at vbs ... it was the last day and they had a SUPER FUN bouncy house ... i tested it ... and it was SOOOO fun 
some people , really need to grow up , not naming names ..... 
Had an amazing day with kyler ... thanks .... i really enjoyed myself ... i am really going to miss you too . :( 
what should i do next ? 
is it natural to have such a loathing toward a person ? 
In goodland veery tired 
In estes park . 
Sitting our cottage thiS place is so peacful 
Watching a movie on < PROPMALE > 
Going horse back riding ! 
Riding was lots of fun there was such a nice view of the mountains 
miss you ..... 
Wearing my slipper socks .... Giggling to myself about why they are so great ... And thinking of you 
Hey ... I'll be back on Saturday 
oh my gosh ..... im freezing my butt off ...... 
gets to go to the < PROPMALE > Hotel tomorrow ... i really hope it lives up to what everyone has said about it ... 
Why can't this just pass by ? Like a soft storm on a warm summers night . 
I wish that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars I could really use a wish right now 
\And then there were none \"" 
Stanely , you let me down but you did have a good historical back ground 
They say a picture is worth a thousand words I'm no picture what am I worth ? 
They say a picture is worth a thousand words ... I'm not a picture , so what am i worth ? 
heading back to < PROPFEMALE > today ...... home sweet home . 
I am SO fed up with your CRAP !!!!! 
ended up killing the only fish i caught :( sorry fish , but you where dumb enough to eat it . 
you know ... people say they have a dry sence of humor , but can someone have wet humor ? 
\ you are about as usless as a poopie flavored lollie pop . \ " \ 
going to schoool the off to the river festival .... illl be in the dunk tank from 10-12 come dunk me ! 
Time to take the ACT again .. 
That really sucked 
is SOOOO burnt 
got a new phone !!!!! 
ok so the new shorts i just bought came with built in undies ... weird or not .. you tell me 
off to babysit ... 
goodnight < PROPFEMALE > 
is digging the jogging scene 
stroms a comin ' 
.. to church i go 
ATTENTION : this just in \ 
Mini fridge $50.00 and a microwave $25.00 \ 
anyone need one ... we're selling ! 
... \just let me down slow ly .... please \"" 
is love the only thing we have that makes us whole ? 
OHHH this is NOT going to fly with me .... Time to STOP IT again 
going fishing with kyler !! yay !! 
babysitting tonight .. then kylees house ! 
going to watch balls of fury 
going to the pool ..... 
\tell me on a sunday please .... \"" 
..... a whirlwin of confussion 
so much on my mind ... i dont even know where to begin . 
whered you go ....? 
why does this always happen to me ? 
is anyone interested in a guine pig ?.. we are trying to get rid of one . 
is going to Tanganyika zoo with the family ... YAY 
wishes she could be shooting off fireworks too :( 
aaaaah nothing like new shoes 
heading to st. < PROPFIRST > quite soon ... be back on Friday ! 
is excited that i get to take a look at the city tomorrow ! :) 
Happy Two Years Kyler ! 
Im back ! 
facebook ... why do you have to be so stupid ? 
why do i bother talking when my opinion never matters ? 
ignored ... again 
wow people .. the like , dislike , first impression , confession thang ... has got out of hand 
aaahhh ... nothing like painting trim to calm you down . 
all i do is ask a question and you get mad at me ... sorry i didnt know ... 
so harsh to say i never care , so go find that person who will never compare 
.. id rather feel pain then nothing at all ... 
Testing testing 123 
why do i always go looking for things that i know are going to hurt me ? 
mmmmmmmmmm ... this caramel frappe is delicious ... you really should try one ... or get one either way its great 
gone ... again 
If you're brave you'll copy this into your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) Wish we went out . ( 3 ) Talkative . ( 4)Sarcastic . ( 5 ) Lovable . ( 6 ) Sexy . ( 7 ) Strong . ( 8 ) Dumb . ( 9 ) Spoiled . ( 10 ) Mouthy . ( 11 ) Wild . ( 12 ) Goofy . ( 13 ) Funny . ( 14 ) Awsome . ( 15 ) Amazing . ( 16)Beautiful . ( 17 ) Cute . ( 18 ) Best friend 
At the zoo with my family 
Mudding Sheet rock with my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
you cant keep running from things forever ... eventually they catch up to and you cant escape them 
not much more of this i can take 
you cut me open and i keep bleeding love 
well i guess i wont go running at sunset park .... there was another shooting there just last night 
ATTENTION EVERYONE : are you lonely ? well i have just the thing for you .... how about a guinie pig ? we have we and we want to get rid of it .... please take her off our hands 
this must be the summer of single 
heading to my grandmas ( in < PROPMALE > center ... WHOO ! ) until friday ... 
Ugh ... i got badly burned yet again ... 
Drumline is the dodgball champs ! 
off to band camp ... to sweat , to burn , and to play hard 
school tomorrow ..... 
is anyone else going to be taking ap world ? 
Am I really that hard to talk to ? 
YAY finally done with AP world homework ! 
So what if you can see the darkest side of me\ 
No one will ever change this animal I have become\ 
Help me believe it's not the real me\ 
Somebody help me tame this animal I have become 
dont you hate it when your biology teacher talks for an 1 and 20 minutes about your book .... almost < PROPFEMALE > by < PROPFEMALE > ? 
i feel like i just got punched in the lungs 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH 
gummie bears , gummie bears ... sprinkles , sprinkles 
i guess ill start on some ap world ... :( 
so stressed 
my confessions mean nothing 
hows that funny ? 
Some things in life are bad\ 
They can really make you mad\ 
Other things just make you swear and curse . \ 
When you're chewing on life's gristle\ 
Don't grumble , give a whistle\ 
And this'll help things turn out for the best ... \ 
\ 
And ... always look on the bright side of life ... 
Not looking foward to writting another narrative essay , but this time from an experience before ten ? and it has to be written like i was that age again ... this sucks 
ohh goodie , a 7AM practice tomorrow :) 
YAy break from school until 9 
GAME TONIIIIIIIIGHT ! 
wow are you brain washed ? 
The voice NEVER matters 
Of course my plans are ruined .... why would things go my way ? 
: Loves Kyler 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
This is the end 
nothing ever seems to go right 
finally a day without stress ! 
colds are not fun 
Toga day , I think yes 
WAY too much homework ..... WAY too little free time to do it . 
Parade marching .... meh .. only because i have to . 
Its not funny if I have to explain it . 
dont you hate it when a significant other always corrects you ? 
what is this world coming to ? 
Beaten to a pulp by ap world 
Cant keep these tears back any longer .... your words slowly eat me alive 
Welcome back to being single ... i guess this time its for the better ... time to experiense new people and always remember what ill miss the most .. you 
some people are just dumb . 
Or you can ignor me ... 
i like it on my doornob 
ill stand by your side always 
.. interviewed by ksn today .. 
stupid people really annoy me 
and now two hours of band ... 
Im already there 
i have faith and i have confidence ... nobodys gonna shut us down 
Softball game ! 
WE did AWESOME TONIGHT ... Great Light SHoW !!!!!! 
You're the one thing I will never give up on . 
Time for TOTS , hopfully our group will win ! 
You drive me crazy ! Why do you always try to rip any happiness away from me ? 
not feeling good .. 
so confused ... mixed feelings about this 
\Shadows fall on yesterday 
\I tried to be someone else\ 
\I tear my heart open 
Thanks to everyohe who wished me a happy birthday :D 
i really hate it when music videos have nothing to do with the song 
males . 
what do i do now ? 
you always no how to make my days better ( not ) , by showing me things that will change my judgement of people , well you know what ? what you think doesnt matter , i have my own voice and my own judgement 
why do you have to turn everything into a fight ? 
going to go rake some leaves with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
what was I thining ? Like I had a < PROPMALE > ? Its time to get over this . 
Great ....... 
off to school ... yay .. 
Mama mia here i go again my my how can i resist ya .. 
i hope today wont be so boring 
aah time to build and decorate the tree 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To\ 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight\ 
against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your\ 
friends to do the same . 
i cant get you out of my head .. 
Baby dont talk to me I'm trying to let go , not loving you is harder than you know . 
i hate one word answers 
just dont talk to me anymore ... what i have to say is clearly unimportant 
Hey 
so hungry 
im in such a good mood today ! Whats wrong with me ?! 
can i make myself sound any more stupid ? 
We were clean like rain , calm and with purpose , \ 
But our days would evaporate like rain \ 
You left me for others , I’m in blindness . \ 
What has happened to that sound ? Now it’s pain . \ 
The day you left killed me , I almost drown \ 
In the rain and sound we shared , I breakdown . 
That sound \ 
The rain patters on the clear glass window \ 
When I listen to your heartbeat singing , \ 
With a steady pulse , it tells me hello . \ 
Its presence around me is glowing . \ 
The patter reminds me of better times , \ 
When you were always there , your heartbeat was too . \ 
All the days we spent in rain were pastimes . \ 
And everyday was spent wise and see-through . 
off to get my wishdom teeth out .... 
so thankful for great friends :D 
i still got chimpmunk cheeks 
i need to get over the fear of your judgment 
Gets to < PROPFEMALE > out with my girl < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
At kstate < PROPFEMALE > doing science olympiad , lets hope we all do well 
You know , deoderant is a good thing , more people should use it 
why are people so obsessed with themselves ? 
Yay no school ! 
man .... we really need to have rehearsal 
Phantom is doing very well ... cant wait till tonight 
Letsa do this steelers ! 
i think it sucks that we now have to make up a day at the end of the year 
you make my world a better place 
what a crappy day 
self esteam shattered 
times have change , but have our minds ? 
Uberly stressed out 
\With fists flying up in the air\ 
What a fun weekend ... spent reading instead of being with you . 
this bites 
Blueberry ! 
Time for set :) 
our times ticking away 
i am idea-less 
Ugh i cant stop watching that live footage of the eagle 
not all that excited about getting up at like 5 tomorrow and then sitting around for 12 hours 
Ahhh ... nothing like some canada dry 
Job and car all in the same week ! I'm so happy :D 
Its the small things that you do that makke me smile .. like waiting by my car til i got off work with a boquet of flowers 
