Proudly now the parent of a High School Graduate :-) 

back to work . Where is my winning lotto ticket ? 
Holy hand grenades , the boys are cooking . 
It's Friday night . I'm home watching movies . Where did my wild days go ? 
< PROPFIRST > fry may be the funniest actor the world has never seen . 
Duluth Mn . Not where you want to be in the summer . 
TWO sets of fireworks from the boat . I love < PROPFEMALE > . 
My rabbit is a slut 
Baby bunnies fight with each other in the nest , before their eyes are open . 
Awesome weekend . Dont want to go back to work ..... 
Why is the OC a big deal ? Hot , < PROPFIRST > , strip malls and a lot like .... Texas , only more crowded and with beaches 
Home . I love home . Even when my neighbour is using up the entire puget sound to water his dirt . 
Cooking . Slowly . Too Hot . Please send Arctic air . 
Cooking , hanging out with the dogs , avoiding drinking wine and packing for CA 
< PROPFEMALE > is in shock . First College < PROPMALE > came today . Ouchie . 
Saturday Night . Two bored , newly impoverished people . A full liquor cabinet .... and the internet . Key lime pie cosmopolitan , anyone ? 
I live in paradise . Never moving . Never . 
This < PROPFEMALE > Levy Beranbaum lady is killing me . Trying to make this *&* ^&%% cake is harder than childbirth 
11 years . Best 11 years of my life . 
Two days till we take the boy to college . In order of importance we have ... One guitar , one bike , one movie camera , one < PROPMALE > , two plastic boxes of junk , one foot locker , 800 movie posters , 4 hackey sacks , miscellaneous sports gear , one too small poncho from Ecuador , 700 movies , 800000 books , a couple of T-shirts and a Hef style- bathrobe . Oh , and sniffling mother . Does all that fit in an Expedition ? 
Home . No Kids . Weird . 
Wanted . One teenager . Room and board provided in exchange for dog walking , emergency grocery store runs , and miscellaneous other menial tasks on demand . Attitude not essential . 
Domestic tranquility . I'm Loving life ............. 
How do you get a guy out of bed to go sailing ? Bacon ? 
Chicken roasting , wine chilling , wind blowing . 
Cover your ears , world . Here I come . 
Missing my dad 
Appliance lust . Strange malady which afflicts women of a certain age . Symptoms- excessive awareness of cubic feet of crisper space , french door operation and freezer drawers . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > bottle Arrogant Bastard and Obsidian Stout . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
< PROPFIRST > is cooking a steak with a blowtorch . Because I wont cook . 
pumpkin pie , short ribs in barolo , polenta , and a grey Sunday 
chocolate brains anyone ? 
My head's buzzing and I'm soaked but otherwise I'm fine ....... 
Cooking and chatting . I love the holidays :-) 
Let the record reflect that I have exercised already today . I think that partially offsets the roast beef , roast potatoes , mashed potatoes , brussels sprouts , turnip gratin , whisky glazed carrots , corn pudding , dressing , cranberry sauce , salad , pumpkin pie , cranberry cake , wine , cognac , cheese and coffee , right ? 
Interesting how you fall out of love with your possessions when you have to pack them into boxes and move them . 
First boxes : single themed , neatly labelled , efficiently packed . Last boxes : power cords , two pillows , last year's unfinished xmas cards , a pistol , some tea bags and a PS-2 
If I go missing its because I cut some cheese with < PROPFIRST>'s pocket knife . He's looking at me funny and Im scared 
My neighbour came over . Asked if I was retired ....... I must have a new face cream immediately . Also , if anyone knows a good plastic surgeon , please send information . Yours geriatrically , < PROPFEMALE > . 
And the moving weirdness continues . Woke up from a short nap , wandered into the master bathroom .... to find the cable guy IN MY SHOWER . \ This is awesome\ " he said . \ " DUDE\ " . I said . " 
OFF with the cone of shame ! Dido is now liberated and lopsided . 
Today might as well be Christmas . I get to see < PROPFIRST > today and smother him with embarrassing hugs , kisses and probably annoying questions about his thoughts/feelings/laundry/classes/dating state/summer plans ........ 
Dear family . < PROPFEMALE > is late this year . He's been rerouted by UPS to some place I cant find on Google . 
Ah , Christmas . Candles , Wine , baking ... the smell of otter-poo encrusted dogs ...... 
So .. whatever creature cruised up on my porch and ate the Buche de < PROPFIRST > that was chilling out there .... a POX ON YOU . A Christmas pox , but a pox nonetheless . 
Flesh 
Surrounded by meatballs . Help . Im giving in ............. 
Port Ludlow has its own waterfall . Who knew ? 
Thanks for Dinner , < PROPFEMALE > :-) < PROPFEMALE > does good steak . I take back everything I ever said about Nebraska . Wait . Maybe not all of it . 
First boat outing of 2010 today . All the mountains are out , there was wind and sun and it's 52 degrees . Yesterday I was sad there was no snow . Today , not so much ! 
Words you never thought would occur in a marriage ................ \Your rabbit ate my Jeans . \"" 
Sunday+ Working = Cranky 
GPPS . Generalized Professional Panic Syndrome . You know , when they give you a bunch of money to go accomplish something at work , and you're all brave and together and as soon as the call ends you feel like a 5 year old entrusted with a chainsaw ? 
Not enough diet coke in the world for this project . Come to think of it , not enough Wine , Vodka , Gin , or Scotch either . 
Winter Steelhead , here I come 
Home Alone ... the adult version . Im letting the dogs isleep n the bed , watching chick flicks , drinking white wine , using < PROPFIRST>'s razor and I may invade the man cave as soon as I figure out the combination . 
Completely voiceless . Can't talk at all . Im carrying around a notepad to communicate . How long does laryngitis last ? 
Need some new music . Ideas anyone ? And no , Nate , I dont need any more < PROPFIRST > Mayer ...... 
I thought we had a propane leak . Turns out we have an elderly black lab leak . Old Lab + the entire contents of the catfood container = nasty 
In the time honored way of my people ... . Addressing a crappy day at work with a good chardonnay ... 
FRIDAY is off to an excellent start . Bugged < PROPFIRST > , drinking coffee , listening to a conference call and watching Lupes's army wage war on the garden . Wonderful . 
Sun ? Check . Wind ? Check . Temp above freezing ? Check . Bye ! 
All future journeys will be undertaken by boat , rail , sedan chair or rickshaw . Flying sucks . 
Hefeweizen on the deck . Puget sound in the background . TGIF 
Two days till everyone is together . I can't wait/ 
Dying Laptop . Mercy mission to copy critical files underway . I havent been this anxious since the boys started driving . 
Two teenage boys snoring , one enormous mountain of laundry , and a miraculously empty fridge . Back to normal :-) 
Watching the boats sailing on the sound is torture when one is working .... 
Flaming arrows into Puget Sound . Just another Sunday night in Kingston 
Lovely night at the ballgame with my boys . When did baseball pants get so baggy ? 
Thursday . The anti-Friday . Will it ever end .... 
Quandary . Can a Partick Thistle fan go to see Glasgow Celtic play the Sounders and still maintain her integrity ? Surely old rules dont apply across the watter ( sic ) 
Casa de Hines . Home of the bacon and oreo pancake . Blech . 
On ground in mn . How can someplace so cold get so hot ? 
At the vet . Dr Penn asked me I wanted some downers for July 4th . Took me a sec to realize he meant for the dogs .... 
My mother is coming . Do I a ) clean like a maniac and welcome her to a lavender scented oasis ... b ) swab down the counters , fluff the pillows , change the sheets and head to the beach or c ) embrace the chaos that is left when I leave for any more than 30 minutes and go back to bed ? 
People need to understand that children w/ \ 
special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not \ 
contagious . They only want what we all want ; to be accepted . Most of you\ 
probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your\ 
status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , this is in \ 
honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
Dear United States of < PROPFEMALE > . Happy Birthday , I love you . 
Why , at the end of a vacation , do I always spend the last day thinking about work ? It's not thinkin ' about me ....... 
Tea and toast at blackbird on a Monday . I love technology and kitsap living 
Facebook has developed a hatred of some of my friends and wont let them post to my wall . Very strange ... 
Friday and foggy . The sailing deities do not have my back . If it doesn't get < PROPFEMALE > soon I will be forced to spend the weekend doing responsible , adult , domestic chores . 
Life is cruel . My husband has pulled up at the only sonic in washington . Almost enough to make me rethink being a vegetarian . Almost . 
Sunday Morning beach walk with the dogs . Started out beautifully ... ended up wrestling two basset hounds for their ' prize ' of a lovely crab carcass . Now I need to bathe them but I'm seriously thinking about staking them out on the beach with dog shampoo on them and waiting for the tide to come in . 
Okay boys and girls ; meat's gone ... now for dairy . Goodbye cheese , I will miss you so . 
Today would have been my Dad's 68th Birthday . I miss the cantankerous old fart . 
I'm warming up to the state of California again . It appears to be regaining its common sense . 
It is hard to have a nice , quiet Sunday morning when the parrot is moulting and cranky . 
Cooking for my family , drinking good wine and dancing in the kitchen , watching all the boats run home in the rain . I think this is what they mean by ' the good life ' . 
My husband loves me . I just got a splendid camera !!!!! 
Important good neighbour safety tip . Before dropping the patio umbrella base on one's tootsie and then letting loose some enthusiastic commentary on the pain and the legitimacy of the patio umbrella ,, check for spectators . 
Traditional Maryhill Sunday Dinner . Chicken Tikka , chapatis , and chardonnay . 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > sitting around my kitchen , drinking wine , cooking Paella , and playing 80's music . Good times ..... 
Three adults , one overnight bag , one person's entire wardrobe , a bike on a rack , 14 hours , 703 < PROPMALE > ....... in a mini . I think I will need a chiropractor by the end of this trip . 
Henceforth < PROPFIRST > shall be addressed as Mono Perezoso 
Oh to get back all the time I have spent waiting in airports ....... 
Nest empty again . Let the games begin .. 
Just dumped an entire cup of coffee in my work desk drawer . Ripley is performing an excellent service by licking it out . I know I should object , and the last thing this dog needs is a buzz , but who am I to interrupt a mercy mission ? 
Summer is over and we've made it to the boat about 4 times total . I demand a summer do over . 
< PROPFIRST > , with a little help from his accomplice , bought me an awesome camera bag ! Tis good to be spoiled . 
No wind . Drat . 
Fall . Following < PROPFIRST > around sportsmans warehouse , gun shopping . You can take the redneck out of Texas but ...... 
The woman next to me is lucky to still be alive . She hasn't taken a breath in three hours . What's the sentence for smothering someone with skymall ? 
The entire state of Minnesota seems to be po'd this morning . It's just baseball people . 
On a plane with < PROPFIRST > Zimmern from the food network . I need to get < PROPFIRST > an internship with this guy . He'll eat anything , too !! 
First one to NYC ! 
Had a fabulous evening scaring small men in elevators . 
NYC on a Sunday morning . Garbage , bagels , walks of shame , street vendors , newspapers vendors and dog walkers . Nowhere like it on earth 
Bummed . 
First fire of the Autumn . Now I want apple pies and soup and books . 
He got the 50 point bonus and I still won . The spirit of the < PROPMALE > is strong in me . 
Why am I awake at 4.38 am ? 
Only two trick or treaters . Large surplus of innocent-looking < PROPFEMALE > . Dilemma . 
Being a responsible adult is hard . Today is the perfect day for IGOTTANEWCAMERA-itis , but I have to go to work . 
I scratched my lens ... Gouged it right down the middle . I shouldn't have nice things , and I may need to be spanked and sent to my room . 
Wild ride on the ferry this morning . feels like a north Atlantic crossing instead of a Puget Sound one !!! 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
I have lost my pinking shears . Excellent reason to postpone UFO completion while I take a nap , or build a snowman , or make cookies , or take 800 more pictures .. 
Third snowy slippery day in a row . At least we have power and a full fridge . 
\Sylvia is not a high heat woman . 325-350 is as high as she goes ..... \"" 
A little < PROPMALE > in the kitchen in the morning .... It's a swinging Thanksgiving . 
I need an ark , stat 
My girls are out on the town with margaritas and merriment and I'm stuck at home with theraflu . Drat . 
Temporarily avoided waking the undead by donning wellies , taking coffee , camera and dogs for a sunrise slosh along the beach . I need more distractions .. the urge to run through the house ripping covers off is becoming uncontrollable ..... 
It's 2.55 am . Why I am up ? 
To the beach ! It's great still being on vacation when everyone else is back at work !! 
Watching the Orange Bowl . I think it must be the maroon uniforms . I'm getting all het up 
Empty house blues 
