off to work again . 

I hate dishes . that's it . Dishes suck . unless you have a dishwasher or live alone . Then it would be simple and easy . Oh , laundry blows too . unless you have a washer and dryer . I need a maid that doesnt mind working for free or a < PROPFEMALE > godmother . 
I need to write a cover letter and resume for the dream job that will fix my life . Its so important to me that the idea of having to simplify why I want and need this career into one little cover letter is overwhelming . How do I explain on one sheet of paper how much this means to me without sounding desperate or insane ? Then there's all the other life issues I have to deal with . Its enough to drive a woman crazy ! 
Im worn out and very glad I have no work tomorrow . Of course I have a list of chores and errands that needs work . I keep making these to-do lists and nothing gets crossed out . And if it does then theres always something else to take its place . A vacation sounds great right now . 
i never realized how many great pics of great people i have . Im trying to bring them over to here . fun fun fun . We went to the dali museum today , I haven't been since 98 , then we played at the park .. It was a spectacular day . 
needs a body transplant . ugh . 
Work sucked , still not feeling well . I'm not sick yet just not well . I need my meds . Now I have chores to do . Avoidance ! I watched an amazing movie last night called The Air I Breathe . If you like deep , thought-provoking movies then you have to watch this . I was moved . 
Im trying to relax , thats never easy . I'm Rainless this weekend . :( What am I going to do ? 2 days off with no Rain ?!! I know what Id really love to do .... sleep . Thats not going to happen though . Its list time ! Yay , I love making lists . Organizing my thoughts on paper makes my mind settle down . That and algebra . 
Alright I think I'm done with pic uploader . That was a pain in the ass . In desperate need of nutrition . Hanging out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > tonight . Pool party madness ! 
I decided that I am going to dress up for halloween . Yay ! No sitting at home being mopey ! < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and I did something completely out of character today . We went to the mall , eww but just because the halloween store is there . and to top it all off .... we had beers at hooters . I'm not lying . We went to hooters at the mall . We shouldve taken a pic , cause that will never happen again . 
I havent been this hyperly overtired in a very long time . Didnt get very much sleep last night and then I worked from 6 am till well , about 30 < PROPFEMALE > . ago . and I have to be back at work at 6 am tomorrow . ugh ! It was a fun day though ! 
wheres my sandman !!! need sleep .... right now ... have to be on time ... im actually planning on being worthless tomorrow ... i will do noone any good . I might leave early to sleep . I will be on time though , I will be on time , I will be on time . 
I took the day off to rest . Going to do the mommy stuff and then come back home and sleep this approaching cold away . Come on immune system ! you can do it ! fight ! 
11 hours of sleep ! Had haunting dreams of an extremely insane ex-boyfriend . mood = disturbed . 
I bought the perfect halloween costume and probably spent way too much money on it . I decided not to be a robot , Cause im not coordinated enough to learn the dance . 
This distractosaurus is feeling surprisingly affectionate towards the tooth < PROPFEMALE > . 
My house was broken into last night . Im feeling very overwhelmed at the moment . The small favor is that Rain and I weren't there because we don't have any electricity since I'm out of money . haha . my life is a mess . 
is couch hopping again . I just want to go home ! I hate this feeling . House hunting today and hopefully tomorrow after work . Blah ! 
does anyone have a wide brimmed brown hat that my boyfriend could borrow ? for halloween its important and id make sure you got it back ..... thanks 
in need of 1 brown hat .... halloween related . please and spanks 
house hunting ! If anyone knows about an apartment ( not in a big complex ) or a house thats for rent , please let me know . Its crazy important . ASAP ! Rain and I need a home . * sad face * I'm very picky though . It has to be perfect . 
still house hunting , ugh . Electricity will be on tomorrow . I will have my man with me but I'll also be sleeping with knives and a barricaded front door . Can I borrow someone's big dog ??? I want to feel safe ! 
is having a great life . 
ugh , Finally home after working from 7:30 am to 9:40 pm . My feet hurt , I'm sick with a sinus infection for the first time in years , my glasses are broken , a coworker rammed a chair into my brain this morning , I hit my head on a shelf later on cause I cant see , and just now I stood on my bed and was almost decapitated by my fan . Today sucks 
is moved to tears over being forgiven for past mistakes . Wow , that was a long time coming . Now , getting this mess of a room cleaned and laundry . 
Best Buy on Black Friday for 10 hours = what I imagine hell to be like . and my ipod is broken . I'm very glad today is over . 
Is sick and tired of feeling sick and tired . 
is putting up a christmas tree ! and the weather outside is frightful . 
Durty < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight with < PROPFIRST > and hopefully < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! 
This bad luck streak I'm having is really testing my < PROPFEMALE > . Something really miraculous needs to happen very soon to balance this out . Like winning the lottery or something . I wouldn't mind that . 
Is finally feeling christmasy ! and extremely thankful ! 
is crazy excited to see the look on Rain's face in the morning . I believe I'll have the happiest , most surprised child in a ten-block radius . Thank you , thank you , thank you . and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
Rain taught me how to make smores tonight , and I taught her that a Snickers bar in the middle is absolutely amazing . 
is regretting agreeing to overnights at work . 
Second job and new home hunting starting Monday , ugh . I need to get this stuff done , yesterday ! 
I got a new job ! I start tomorrow , its full time with benefits , more pay , and the hours are perfect and stable . Nice . Plus house hunting like crazy right now . Moving stinks . 
I'm overwhelmed and its showing physically . Full time mothering , a full and part time job along with a house full of chores , ugh . Now I have to go to doctors and make them fix me . or ask them to kill me . something has to work , not surgery related please . 
Saying goodbye to < PROPFEMALE > . I hope there are a million people to lick and be petted by where you've gone and people will always have string for you to < PROPMALE > . I love you and will never forget you . < PROPFEMALE > Bastien 10/04-2/21/10 
Busch Gardens today for Rains birthday ! that was a blast , now ready to sleep and tomorrow hanging with the family . 
I can't wait till it warms up more , I'm ready for the beach . Spring is coming , mmm , heat and sunshine , I'm excited . 
Its been a crazy awful week of police cars and paperwork but hey , I bought a new computer tonight ... :)) and another ipod to replace the one that got run over , 160gb this time so I defnitely won't run out of room . Haha < PROPFIRST > , I win ! It's like christmas !!!!!! 
Got my hairs cut ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > , you're the bomb diggity of hair magicians , and of course , so much better than chocolate . Color next . The silver unicorn hairs have to go . 
After work this Sunday I'm dedicating my day to the sun and ocean . Anybody up for a beachy afternoon ? I'll bring lots of sunscreen , music and some beers . It'll be grand ! 
It better be < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow .... I'm solar-powered . 
Took care of ancient debt from the couch-hopping days . Thats so amazing ... finally . Next , new glasses , dentist and get my neck fixed . Then car stuff . Everything is so handled and under control it's a little unnerving . 
I'm irritated that I just spent 106$ at the walk-in clinic for them to tell me what I already knew . I basically spent that money on the prescription that they made sure to let me know was free . I guess thats a small favor . If I didn't have a fever I might have had more energy to argue with them . Thanks Bayfront Walk-in Clinic for my 106$ free presciption , I'll be sure to never come to you again . 
is terrified of big decisions , change and failure . But I faced all that today and it's gonna be alright . 
went to court today , everything was dropped , yay ! I had a good laugh during the whole process though , the guy in front of me had a shirt on that said convicted on the back ... I tried to take a pic but it didn't come out . I thought it was hilarious though . 
It's gonna be a busy < PROPFEMALE > weekend . 
My work is looking to fill a few administrative positions . If you're responsible and interested send me a message . 
Happy Mom's Day to all the mommas . Thanks Mom for being wonderful and amazing . I love you more than raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens ! 
Taking Rain to the orthodontist for braces ! 
I could sleep but there's way way too much to do ... It's list time ! Yay ! I love making to-do lists , it makes handling things so much more efficient . I just get so busy handling those things , I lose the list . 
Im about to eat the last three slices of key lime pie , and I'm very happy . :) 
Took a nap today for the first time in forever and holy crap it felt amazing !!! 
grrrrrr ........ and more grrrrr , today is not going as planned . My perfection percentage is low . no good ! ARGH ! 
Much better now , hanging out with Rain always reminds me that everything is wonderful . 
I had to go to a Christian counselor when I was 16ish and the last time I saw him he told me there was no hope for me ... I believe I've proved him wrong . 
Woke up way too early after a work nightmare , thats irritating . Today's my daddy's birthday also , I miss him . If he was here everything would be so different . Nobody calls me shortcake anymore . Tell your parents you love them as much as you can , people don't do it enough . 
Wishing for a longer weekend . I didn't get enough done . 
I'm staying up too late , guarding my house ... watching Splash , I'm a free-spirit . 
So what in the hell does fml mean ? I see it all the time but I guess I'm old so I can't figure it out . for my love ? fart monkey licker ? what does it mean ???! 
Wow , I'm really really worn out . Today was nuts and tomorrow is going to be even busier ... and I'm working 9 to 9 since there's still so much to do that I didn't finish today . 
\Let us devote to unselfishness the frenzy we once gave gold and underpants . \"" 
Strange , wonderful , terrifying things are occurring in life , and my car hydroplaned tonight , numerous times while driving on the highway in the torrential downpour we had . I really really have to get new tires . 
is packing . :) 
Is feeling a little displaced , Rain says to pretend like we're on vacation , I think that's great advice . 
I just have to say , for those who do not know this , the left < PROPFIRST > of a highway is for the faster drivers . Do NOT get into this < PROPFIRST > if you are going slower than everyone else . It makes me hate you , and I don't want to hate anything . 
Rain and I took a walk tonight in downtown Clearwater ..... um yeah . there is absolutely nothing there , really ! It made me miss downtown St. < PROPMALE > so much , the < PROPMALE > and museums and shops and venues and well everything except for the area surrounding my ap < PROPMALE > ment . Other than that downtown St. < PROPMALE > is still amazing . 
\We can complain because < PROPFEMALE > bushes have thorns 
I finally realized that I'm really in control of my own < PROPFEMALE > . It isn't just a nice idea someone had to put on paper but it's really true . I can make things happen or I can choose to let things happen to me . I've had enough of letting things happen to me . What a gynormous win today . I'm not a victim of circumstance , I had control the entire time I just never realized it until today . WOW . 
Needs a mountain to climb . 
Is listening to old records in my new home . Finally feeling more settled . * sigh * 
has internet again ! yay ! 
Off to get boxes and a wireless router . Then to the old apt . to pack up everything . Tomorrow is moving day ! 
Was viciously attacked tonight . by a cat . it was insane !! will have to go get checked for rabies tomorrow . 
not looking forward to moving more this weekend , but everything has to be out of there by sun . night . Then cleaning monday . no fun at all . 
the weather has affected my plans . I really need some sunshine , tomorrow please . 
Happy 4th of July !!!!! Bring on the fireworks ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I do not have rabies . Just to let you know . 
The kittens are being born right now !!!! Yay babies ! 
5 babies were born ! Go Milla ! Now to give them away , who wants a kitten ?! Free kittens ! 4 to choose from . 
If anyone is interested , my work is looking for some people to fill a few admin type positions . Send me a message . :) Also FREE KITTENS ! 
Today I said goodbye to < PROPFIRST > . The world has lost an amazing person . It was a beautiful ceremony . Rain kept on giving me her hand to squeeze since I was obviously emotional .... 
Then I got to do something that would have made him so happy for me since it was one of those things he wanted to help me with . I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my birth father and 2 of my little brothers ! We played < PROPFEMALE > pong and actually < PROPMALE > out , something I've been ho < PROPFEMALE > and trying for since I was 12 . Wow , and more wow . 
6 years ago today I lost the most important man in my life and everything turned upside down . It's been 6 hellish years of learning how to live without him . Now at almost 30 , I think I'm finally getting the < PROPFEMALE > of it . This life is an amazing gift and even with all the pain and hurt , I wouldn't trade it for anything . If life was easy there would be nothing to learn and I've learned so much . 
busy , busy day and it ain't over yet . Now to clean a room and put stuff away . I probably have 5 car loads still to go and then cleaning . At least I'm halfway there . Yay ! 
Is trying to go to bed early . No cleaning , no carrying , no running up and down three flights of stairs . I deserve to be in bed before midnight . Besides Rain cleaned a ton today which is awesome ! That's my girl ! Even though she did it for a video game I still really appreciate it . 
needs a second job , does anyone know of any places that are hiring in Largo or Clwtr . that one could work till 2 or 3am ish . I guess serving or something . oh yay ... I do not like today at all . I have a headache now . You know what would make my headache go away ? child support . I think that would help . 
I'm playing my guitar and singing and I already feel better . I got this handled . I can handle anything . 
This overly emotional day is almost over . Thank goodness . I have my baby back . This weekend's gameplan includes second job hunting , laundry , hopefully getting the old apartment really done , cleaning , cleaning , paying bills , etc . etc . Right now taking the rest of the day off . I need to clone myself and win the lottery . 
Rain just got me to watch Avatar , I wasn't expecting much . I figured , I've seen < PROPFEMALE > gully , it's the same difference . She swore that it was the best movie ever . She was wrong about that but I was entertained . Not as bad as I expected , shallow fun I guess , no thought process needed to stay interested . I give it a 6 out of 10 . 
1 carload of stuff done today , laundry , then another carload , then clean and put stuff away . Must remember to eat sometime . Need a battle plan for tomorrow , it's going to be even more hectic . 
Shew ! So I definitely spent 35 dollars at the laundromat tonight . But anything that could be washed that came out of the old apartment is now fresh and clean . More stuff is moved , things are getting organized . I threw out so much junk from that place it's insane . I'm trying to create my home again . We're almost there . Just a little bit more . 
With < PROPMALE > and a truck everything will be out of the apartment tonight . Thank the gods and goddesses . Finally . Then I'll do a quick clean of the hell hole and I'm done ! I could cry right now I'm so glad it's almost over . 
I'm needing my piano back now . Time to dig it out , poor abused piano . She will be needing a doctor . 
Its my weekend ! Hooray ! I'll make a battle plan tonight for everything that needs to get done this weekend . Thankfully , Rain pretty much cleaned the entire house so thats done . 
Cooking yummy spaghetti , my house smells delicious ! 
My birthday is in 10 days ! What should I do ??? Karaoke ? Bowling ? House dance party ? I have no clue what to do ... Dirty 30 !! Ack ! I should sleep instead and ignore it . 
Is very full from goat cheese spinach pizza . mmmm . Ready for bed now . 
I'm really trying hard to think positively , but holy cheezus , I just need something to work out right . I try so hard and I bust my butt every day and it's killing me . Then to think it's all for nothing , I'm still losing my baby because of her school situation , I still don't have money or anyone to help and I have no clue what the right choices are because the consequences are all crappy . 
Tears accomplish nothing . 
Got the old apartment done last night ! 
Okay I know exactly what I want to do on my dirty 30 and I need help . I just realized it's been way to long since I got to go out and dance . I just wanna go crazy and dance on my birthday . Where do I go ? 
Not feeling well at all ... but I got new tires and a long overdue oil change . Thank goodness . No more hydro-planing in the rain and flat tires to fill up in the rain . 
Does anyone know about Asus computers ?! I need help right away , I think I just ruined my computer . Help ! 
Probably not going to end up doing anything for my birthday . :( Oh well . 
2 hrs . and 40 minutes till I'm 30 .... eeek . 
Making Cincinnati chili for the week . yummy :) I had a wonderful birthday weekend , thank you for all the happy birthdays ! 
Crossing my fingers and toes and praying to the gods and goddesses . Either way big changes are coming . I very possibly will be back at Best Buy part time , as long as they can provide me the hours I need . 
Rain and I need help , we can't agree on what to name this kitten . First she wanted Aloha , I said that's a girl name . I wanted Beefcake , she said no . Now we can't decide between Button or Zipper . So we're leaving it up to my facebook friends . I want Button , she wants Zipper . What do you think ? 
Had an awesome time bowling with my Rain and my Best Buy friends . Overall today was a really great day . Got stuff done and had fun , couldn't ask for more . 
Made Rain breakfast in bed ! Cinnamon rolls and strawberries . I'm so lucky to have such an awesome little girl . Taking her to the orthodontist then hopefully it'll stop raining so we can go swimming . 
Rain starts 6th grade tomorrow ! Whoa . I wish I could just put her on pause . or rewind , I swear it feels like just yesterday that she started kindergarten . All advanced classes and the magnet program . I'm so proud . :) 
I've got the power ... to move you . * proceed with air guitar * Tenacious D is in my brain ! I <3 < PROPFIRST > Black . 
Life is so amazing sometimes !... I went from being totally despondent filling out my Best Buy application to jumping up and down and crying happy tears in the span of about 5 minutes . I get my baby back now ! 
I am worthy . 
you can use my skin to bury secrets in and I will settle you down 
I sat watching a flower as it was withering\ 
I was embarrased by it's honesty 
ignoring the persona you wore for my benefit\ 
For once I had the balls to call it , just call it\ 
But a lesson must be lived , in order to be learned\ 
And the clarity to see and stop this now , that is what I've earned 
The kittens are ready ! < PROPFIRST > gets Noodle ( named by Rain :)) and < PROPFIRST > gets the girl . There's 2 little boys left that need a home so please let me know if you're interested . 
Going swimming ! If Rain can manage to get ready before it gets cloudy . Jeez what a turtle . 
For all the moms out there , do you ever think about how much you love your children and feel like your heart could really burst out of your chest ? and the most important thing is to make sure they become happy , well adjusted adults despite how crazy life can become ? Or am I just weird ? 
I keep on typing things out and then erasing them because they're too intense . The only way I could feel worse would be if something destroyed my home and I lost my job . That would finish off tonight with a bang . Thanks gods and goddesses for keeping me on my toes . If things had been going good for too long I could've gotten used to it . 
Is fixing this . Hopefully . 
I'm prepared for battle , and my ammo is his past self fit inside a little box . 
finally got a moment to take off my heels about a half hour ago , ugh ... I made a pretty amazing dinner though , and plenty of leftovers yay ! 
Has anyone ever heard anything about People to People International ? Rain got a thing in the mail tonight stating that she had been chosen to go on a trip to Europe through her school . Some websites say it's a scam and others say it's totally worthwhile . Anyone ever heard of it ? 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Eagles ... very happy now . 
I absolutely love arguing the bible . Don't even get me started Mr. Man , I'll destroy you with knowledge . 
I would love to someday have a manicure and a pedicure . Apparently those types of things are something women like . I hope to someday be able to splurge on something trivial like that . 
Got a computer at work finally !!! and a printer ! Thank you world , I actually sent and received communications without having to leave my course room ! and then I printed things ! It was beautiful . and I was happy . 
I thought my computer couldn't become more bad-ass . It's fixed and then some , apparently the system restore disks I had were for some other computer , I guess when I exchanged it something got mixed up . The ex put it back together again and added tons of new programs and other stuff that I was needing . 
2 kittens down , 2 more to go . Let me know if you're interested . They are super cute and sweet . 
Today was ultra crappy , but the moment I got Rain in the car , all was better . Took her out to dinner at cha-cha coconuts . It was fun , I wish I had a camera for when she put whipped cream on my nose from the key lime pie ... I got her back though , take that Rain ! Now we're going to watch a movie ... this is just what I needed . 
My neck hurts so bad !!!! I'm never sleeping on the couch ever again , this sucks . :( 
was at the grocery store earlier and rain wanted fudgesicles , apparently they only make no fat , no sugar ones now . :( then we needed ranch dressing and all they had was low fat ... what the hell ! where's the love for the skinny girls ??? I need my fattening stuff ! 
I bought a crock-pot tonight , I'm very excited to use it . :) Got Rain ready for Luau day tomorrow ... I made a hair piece for her out of orchids . She's wearing my hula skirt from hawaii that I got when I was 9ish . I'll be taking pics . 
I'm loving Rain's spirit week at school , she was the cutest nerd I've ever seen this morning , and I'm definitely stealing those suspenders . 
I think I actually just liked and was a bit inspired by a show I just I just saw on mTV ... I really like the World of Jenks , from what I've seen so far anyway . I'm really surprised , I absolutely hate mTV . 
I am no longer a smoker ! I will accomplish this , one lollipop at a time . I know I can , I just had a really big test too . Some crazy woman was messaging me and accusing me of really insane things ... if I was going to smoke it would have been then . 
Cooking with the new crock-pot , trying out a new recipe . 2nd day no smokes . I'm sticking it to the tobacco companies ! You don't get $ 2,190 per year from me anymore . 
Oh my goodness ! Rain's homework is driving us crazy !, It's 10:43 and we still have Language Arts to do !!! Open house really messed with our schedule . 
Having a grand time with my Andrea ... I <3 her . I got to go out last night , my one outing per month . I wanted to take pictures and I had my camera but I was too busy having fun to take pics . :) 
I want to throw a pumpkin carving party ! I must get this organized , fast . 
Is happier than a sea-gull with a french fry . 
I'm coming home to St. < PROPMALE > this week ! no more Largo and driving Rain halfway across the county to school . Also crossing my fingers for my dream job at either the library or Haslams . I have a meeting with the owner tomorrow at 5 . It's all coming together like a giant puzzle piece . 
My boyfriend is the most awesome boyfriend in the history of time . Seriously . 
Almost done with the move ! Just a little bit more . Then it's more job-hunting and house organizing . There's so much to do and not enough hours in a day . I also really want someone I know to take these kitties . That way I'll be sure they get to a good home . 
making Rain jambalaya , I think I got all the pics up from the past month . That was a big job and I still have to go back through and make sure I didn't miss anything from both computers . The music room is done also so the house has become way more livable . Happy sighs . 
Had another crazy weekend ... very ready for Monday . It's time to get stuff done ! 
I have a sinus infection and possibly an ear infection and it's all turning into either bronchitis or pneumonia . I've already lost 5 pounds and thats really bad . I just want to feel better .... now ! 
Had my orientation training thing at Best Buy tonight ... it feels good to be back . I had missed my friends . :) Almost over this sickness too . Just have a very nasty sounding cough to get over . I feel all around amazingly better . 
Had an amazingly fun time in < PROPMALE > last night . Thank you to < PROPFIRST > for providing me with enough liquid courage so I could get on stage with a mic'd up typewriter and wear a gas mask . I wanna do that again . 
The house is finally looking like a home ... there will be a big home-warming party coming up very soon . 
Got paid ! We get a Xmas tree now !!! I want to bake cookies and decorate after buying some x-mas presents . :) Yay , now I feel festive . 
These overnights at work are really driving me nuts . I have to miss out on all the awesomeness and I can no longer sleep at night . :( It'll stop soon though and things can be back to normal . I can't wait , I feel like an organizing vampire . 
< PROPFIRST > got me old skool roller skates !!! Its a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
So far this week I have applied for college , filled out a fafsa , deferred an old school < PROPFEMALE > preventing me from getting financial aid for said school , had an interview for government assistance , set into motion getting an old life insurance policy from 6 years ago paid to me and got an appointment for the kitties to get fixed tomorrow . Plus cooking and cleaning and all the daily responsibilities . 
My < PROPFEMALE > is out of default status so I can get financial aid now ! And the kitties had their surgery so no more babies ! * Does a classic < PROPFEMALE > dance * 
I'm the luckiest girl in the world . I couldn't ask for a better daughter , she's seriously the most amazing little person in the world . Then I get luckier and find the most amazing man in the universe . Thank you Rain and < PROPFIRST > for making my life happy and complete . I finally have the perfect little family . 
