got a couch and can't get it up 3 flights of stairs 

went to see Transformers .. it was awesome !!! 
Not feeling so well 
Moving in with < PROPMALE > !!! 
Well , I've taken over the closet and bathroom and he hasn't freaked out ... YET !!! 
My day off ! Got sucked into quizzes !!! 
Enjoying my sunday with my man and finally all moved in ! 
Can't wait for Friday !!! 
Glad its Friday ! 
I am ready to go home to Michigan and say Hello and Goodbye ! 
Downloading iTunes 9 then maybe I'll try 3.1 ! Work gonna be a blast today ! 
Balancing all the good things so I can enjoy them while I can . You never know when the storm will it and take it all away ! 
Enjoying my sunday !! 
Staying positive & working hard at getting my health up to par ! 
Been exploring old stomping grounds here in Michigan ! Not much has c < PROPFEMALE > ed ! Anyone in Michigan hot me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > !! 
American Idol always makes me laugh ! 
Made a decision ... teaching it is . I need something structured and stop going from job to job . How is one suppose to build a family going job to job ?? 
Posted < PROPFEMALE>'s Baby shower ! Yeah !! January 31st from 1-4pm 
Doing the Sunday Relaxation day ! 
Glad to be home ! 
Relaxing Sunday night with good friends , precious baby and good cooked meal ! 
Damn dog still barks for hours keeping whole all neighbors up ! Best of all their a note on our door this morning saying WE have the dog and a fine of $350 . You got to be kidding me !!! 
The Plano Career Fair was worthless ! 
Still waiting !! 
GO COLTS !!!! 
It's a winter wonderland !!! Feels like home . Man I miss Michigan for this reason ! Except the school doesn't shut down for this ! 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and paste this to your profile . Meet in April of 08 . Still going strong ;-) 
Stocked up with a 24 pkg of Mountain Dew ! Watching Married with Children in the Labor room ! < PROPFEMALE>'s little boy is a stubborn one just doesn't wannt come into the world !! 
Glad to have been apart of the birth of < PROPFEMALE>'s baby boy ! Welcome Easton Legend < PROPFIRST > to the world at 3:27 pm weighing 8.2 lbs ! 
People will always seize to amaze me ! 
Up way to early but its for a good cause ! My fortune cookie says something lost will turn up ... will my purse fall out of the sky ?? 
I should not be sent to the grocery store to purchase produce ! I suck at it !! 
Off to Arlington to spend some time with Dad and Uncle < PROPMALE > !! Wonder whats for dinner ?? 
Watching Easton sleep is precious . So many adorable faces with several toots !! Makes you wonder just what he is dreaming of ?? 100% precious ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except for a punch in the face , but together we can still raise awareness ! 
Going out with < PROPFEMALE > for the first time in about 9.5 months ! Can't wait to show her a good time and get away from stress for the night !! Thank you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Its past bedtime but I am awake as usual playing on facebook and video games attempting to make myself sleepy ! Reading isn't even working . 
It was a gorgeous day out ! Can't wait for the summer ! 
What happen to the beautiful sun ! Rain Rain go away come again another day !!! 
I am happy its friday and hope for a wonderful weekend of peace ! 
Excited that it's St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day and hope to be able to go to Tree's in < PROPFIRST > tonight with my < PROPFEMALE > and see Reverend Horton Heat . 
Happy St. Patricks Day ! Don't forget to wear green today or else a leprechaun will pinch u !! 
Tooth Aches can rock your world like no other pain !! Heading to a dentist hoping they can heal me !! 
Tooth Aches suck I heading to dentist to hopefully get some help ! 
Yeah no more tooth ache they pulled that sucker out !! 
Excited about spending Friday inside with my < PROPFEMALE > no distractions and no bar for a change ! 
Babysitting my god son and spending time with my < PROPFEMALE > . Loving this Monday !! 
Its Wednesday ... Hump day ! 
Who knew Friday could be so much fun !! 
Off to Arlington to spend celebrate Grandma Birthday ! Next Friday My Birthday !!! 
Happy April Fool's to all ! If anyone feeling frisky on thursday I going to start the Bday celebration early by having some drinks tonight at local bars ! Hit me up if your out and about and wanna Smile , Laugh and enjoy life ! 
This is Easter week ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !! Let's lift up HIS name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross , He died for you and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed !! Happy Easter Everyone !! 
Friday is My Birthday and if anyone would like to have some good old fashion fun come join me ! The party will start at Splitsville Bowling Alley in Arlington around 8-9pm . Their is a DJ , Full bar , restaurant and billards . After some Bowling its time to get our groove on ! Will either be in Arlington at local bars or back in < PROPFIRST > at Billards Den and always Gators for last call ! Just txt or call to join in the fun !!! 
Of course I would start getting sick before my birthday and woke up today with barely a voice !! At least were bowling and not doing any Karoke ! 
Thank you everyone for you Birthday Wishes ! I had a great time and appreciate everyone coming out to celebrate ! I still have no voice but feeling better ! 
Has been such a beautiful day ! Love seeing the trees < PROPFEMALE > ! I miss Michigan and never thought I would say that . 
My phone is down and I am actually enjoying it !!! Babysitting < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight and really enjoying hanging with them . They are precious and just growing way to fast ! 
Gators here we are !! 
Wish I had camera or ability to take pic . Got my god son laying on me and fell asleep ... its precious but I can't move ! 
Can't wait for May !! 
Happy birthday uncle < PROPFIRST > and Dad ! 
Alright , it is offical I am coming home guarnteed ! If your interested in having a drink shoot me a message and I'll let you know when arrive ! I am coming home for sure this time ... very very soon !!! 
Im so excited about going home'nn 
Can't sleep so excited to be going back home to Michigan in morning ! I can't believe that I have been in Texas for almost 4 years . Michigan here I come !!! 
I made it safely to Mich !! Can't wait to see everyone . Can't believe I remember my way around . Who wants to bowl or go to the Rochester hills skating rink ?? Lol 
Off to church with my Momma ! 
My mommy making me pankcakes and french toast for dinner ! Yankee food is great ! 
Just got back from Greektown Casino in Detroit with my momma !! 
Im snuggled in sleeping bag and robe all wrapped up with my kitties to keep warm !! 
Sometimes one is faced with a decison that no matter which choice they make it will break their heart and many around them . How do you make this type of decison ? All you can do is pray ! 
Waiting at airport to take off back to Texas ! Will miss everyone in Michigan and thanks for showing me a good time , couldn't see everyone but next trip I'll catch anyone I missed !! 
Can't sleep ! 
Time to do the dreadful chores !! 
Playing Gin with my girl ! Anyone else out their still play card games ? And not Texas hold em 
Going to get my nails done ! TGIF 
Happy first birthday Liam ! 
Packing and more packing to be ready for move on Sat . Getting more and more excited every day !! 
Heading to Career Fair and then off to Mansfield to visit with my family and go play Putt Putt !!! I love Putt Putt Golf ! 
Finishing up packing and get keys to new place at 5pm !!! I'm so excited can't wait to see the new place and start a new beginning ! 
The new apt is coming along and looking good !! Got almost everything unpacked and slowly organizing and giving everything a home ! 
Cable guy is here !! We have Internet !! Yeah !! 
So my phone is out but if u need to reach me fb me a message I'll give u new number . Otherwise just hit me up on fb to chat !! 
The pain isn't stopping only getting worse ! Face swollen under nose across cheeks and under eyes . My left shoulder higher and can't tilt neck cause brings on the shooting pain . Debating on hospital ??? 
Have a friend moving and selling a few things if anyone needs TV ..... selling a 50in Samsung DLP HDTV for $400 if anyone is interested . Also selling a 47in Rear projection Samsung HDTV For $100 OBO . If you are interested or know anyone who is hit me up ! 
In additon to the TV and Projector friends also are selling couch that is a sectional with a foot rest in good condition for $400 OBO and our < PROPMALE > size perfect sleeper $300 OBO so let us know friends ! 
Time to get things done today ! Up early and on the move !! 
I am so lucky to have a wonderful man that loves me and treats so well ! Just to think no one thought we would get this far ! Thank god I found < PROPMALE > !! 
Had a wonderful Friday night , went to see Fireworks in Grapevine ! Tonight its off to Arlington for a birthday pary !!! 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! May your love last a lifetime ! 
Off to bed and ready for Wednesday .. who wants to go out tomorrow night ? 
Tough girls come from New York . Sweet girls are from Alabama . But Michigan girls , we have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride four-wheelers , be a debutante , throw left hooks , and hunt with the boys , all the while making sweet tea , Darlin ' . And if we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it . I love being a Michigan Girl !!!! ( Repostif you're aTrue Michigan girl ) Born and Raised !!!?? 
don't worry about finding the right man , concentrate on being the right woman 
Had Dental consult today ... looks like I need to win the lottery if plan on smiling again ! Good news is I have a quality job interview next week !!! 
TGIF ! Babysitting this morning and then tonight heading to ' til midnight at the Nasher ' for concert and movie in the park with my sweetheart ! 
Watching Michigan Wolverines whoop ass ! Go Blue !! Love and miss you Uncle < PROPMALE > ! 
Enjoying a relaxing sat night on the couch with my honey :) 
On our way to The Billards Den to continue celebrating Bryans birthday ! < PROPFEMALE > pong time :) 
I'm excited for my interview tomorrow ... could be exactly what I am looking for !!! 
I saw you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , he only takes the best . . . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss every day 
I like it on the stool ... 
Heading out too be with girs for night ! 
Chores ... Chores .... Chores .... and more Chores !!! 
FYI girls , I'm uploading bachelorette pics now and sending email to all girls with the entire photo album for each of u to have . 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease , nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS !! 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? 
.... 5 inches :( :( 
Had good time at Halloween party ... kick ass decorations and setup with everyone is awesome costumes ! To bad party ended early but thankful that cop gave us warning and that my short ass was actually able to drove < PROPMALE>'s huge truck home safely !!!! To all a good night .,, Happy Halloween ! 
Sometimes we all need an escape to regroup and think about life . Guess thats just to hard for anyone to understand thou :( 
Its the weekend ! Heading out of town to get away from the rest of the world and hope to find what we lost . 
I'm home ! Hope everyone had a good weekend ! 
Well can't sit in apt anymore !! Time to go have a drink and stop thinking about life ! Anyone down for a drink ?? 
What is everyone doing tonight ? Wanna go out but not to same old same old !! 
Finally loaded and off to Mansfield . Just need one smooth day ... please :) 
Finally can relax and hopefully sleep well with all the lifting and moving I did . 
For those that don't know I am about to embark on my first road trip and I am excited to see where the open road takes me ! I will be starting by heading to albuquerque , NM . I gonna hit a few other states up that are still to be determined , with my end destination being Michigan for the holidays ! So If anyone has any road trip wisdom , advice , recommend places to see or stay I would love to hear it ! 
I am done !!! All moved out and car is packed up ready to hit the open road and start a new adventure !!! 
Made it to New Mexico yesterday and can't believe just how gorgeous it is here ! The mountains are breath taking . 
Getting things done in New Mexico ! 2nd Interview today wish me luck !! 
Where will life take us ?? Only time will tell 
Waiting on results for job and well the other !!!!! Time to call back to get those results !!! 
Time for that drastic haircut at 11:45 tommorrow .. cross fingers !!! 
Love the haircut !!! 
Its a winter wonderland !!!!! 
God saw you getting tired . A cure was not to be so he put His arms around you & whispered come with Me . With tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us He only takes the BEST . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this season ! 
4 more days till Xmas !!! 
Back on the road ... final destination Michigan !! See everyone soon :) 
Back on the road for an early start !! Eating McDonalds in Missouri ... they have trees ! Oh how I have missed trees !! 
I am in Michigan !! Just had Christmas with my mommy ! 
So last night on this side of town before head back to New Mexico . Any ideas on what to do let me know . Going to lunch with my mom now !! 
Alright Michigander's I will be up at Muldoon's in Auburn Hills tonight around 9pm for anyone that wants to come out and visit . 
Almost to Kalamazoo , MI ! 
Start my roadtrip back to New Mexico ! Goodbye Michigan ! 
In Oklahoma !!! Drive is much better with out snow and ice :) 
Made it to New Mexico arrived about 4am Mountain time last night ! So glad to be home and off the road !!! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! Repost if you agree-I did ! 
FYI : I am heading back to Texas tonight to visit will be in town tomorrow afternoon ! 
This year we will experience 4 unusual dates .... 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/11 ......... NOW go figure this out .... take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it WILL EQUAL .... 111 ! 
Made it to < PROPFIRST > safe and sound ! Be having drinks at Gators tonight if anyone it out and about tonight ! 
Gonna be up at < PROPFIRST > Avenue in Plano hanging out tonight if anyone wants to come !!! 
I am ok and working on contacting everyone who has been asking for me . Love ya all and thanks for caring about me ! 
Oh but first I Have to break into my car ... cause well you all know me and locking my keys in the car ! 
