wonders what blindfolded bushwhacking would be like 

just spent 8 1/2 hours in traffic from seattle to wilsonville 
Bought a convertible , road in said convertible , ran out of gas in said convertible , pushed said convertible 100ft to the gas station , filled said convertible , and drove away in said convertible . 
just got back and thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
packed in 15 minutes rather than the usual 5 hours . Impossible . Probably has something to do with my enitire wadrobe in the suitcase now ... 
is pretty much obsessed with the hand dryer in the bathroom . 
is road trippin ' . 
is home ! 
is at Girl's Camp all week . It's going to be so fun ! 
watered the garden and the dog . Mostly the dog . 
partied with the spiders in the shed . 
was hacked by < PROPFEMALE > . 
is going to EFY tomorrow ! 
is home . Sort of ... 
saw someone brushing their teeth in their car today . 
got a much needed haircut and has a gnarly looking finger . 
is going ice blocking ! 
loves CAKE FIGHTS ! 
should probably read directions . 
picked peaches today . Then had peach cobbler . Wow that was delicious . 
is covered in bubble juice . 
is going to sleep in a yurt tonight . 
going to party it up with < PROPFEMALE > Goodall on Monday . 
wonders why technology hates her , especially when it is late at night and she needs to get something done . 
Eat the WASABI ! 
Spent the day reading a book instead of homework . Whoops ? No wait it was worth it . 
wonders why skunks are lurking near her open bedroom window . It's not appreciated . 
has the unusual want to listen to Christmas music . 
thought that by this age she wouldn't be spilling things down the front of her shirt so much , especially in public places . 
made biscuits in the shapes of dinosaurs and unicorns ! 
does not appreciate finding small cuts on her dry , chapped hands , by way of hand sanitizer . 
hopes this scotch tape isn't toxic . 
is addicted to jigsaw puzzles . 
likes it when her little brother makes delicious cookies and brings them to her and gives her a hug . 
Goose , geese . Moose , meese . 
oh Ohno . 
centrioles are like boys . Enough said . 
Dear Amazon.com, You are jepordizing my English grade . I can do that on my own without your help . Thank you for being so willing to stall my progress but I won't be in need of that kind of service at this time . Please just SEND ME MY BOOK ! Thank you 
learned today that all polar bears are left handed . 
is snacking on sour patch kids . Tasty , tasty , cannibalism . 
is attempting to survive a middle school cologne disaster at her house . Bring in the gas masks . 
is thoroughly enjoying the wind -- as long as no trees fall on her house . 
just had a single , violent hiccup . 
recieved an letter opener/staple remover today . The mutilation of innocent envelopes will finally cease . 
PAINT FIGHT ! 
is chain chewing bubble gum . 
is hanging with Julia(n)(s) ! 
hhaahahah 
wonders why so many mysterious animals find her backyard entertaining . 
stepped out of the shower and while wrapping a towel around herself , looked out the window into the backyard where a deer was staring at her , eating some grass . She feels violated . 
is playing Jenga with her grandparents . Go Grandma ! Go ! 
painted the ceiling and then the ceiling painted her hair . 
is going to see We the Kings tomorrow ! Ahhhhhhhh ! 
is ridin ' down to the St. < PROPFIRST > Rodeo . Yeehaw ! 
likes : chocolate cake for no reason other than that there was a box in the pantry and her brother likes to bake . 
just glanced up to see an abnormally large spider advancing on her . 
is still practicing that whole swallowing thing . White grape juice out the noise is not super pleasant . 
may or may not have just given herself food poisoning but the fish smelled delicious and the internal thermometer was ineffective . Only time will tell ... 
will finally remove the bags of tamale flour that have spilled open and mixed with an open water bottle in the trunk of her car . Those things have been cooking in the heat and confines of the trunk for 2 years . 
walked home with a skull in a tupperware box today . 
Makena Peacock is THE best roommate and other half in the whole entire history of the world ! 
enjoys herself a good pumpkin-chocolate-chip pancake . 
got a package ! Thanks for the cookies little brother ! 
should probably stop grating her fingers . 
is jealous of Makena Peacock ' s ability to get a dwarf mongoose named after her at the Oregon Zoo . 
may be able to write a suprisingly decent 11 < PROPFEMALE > paper in a single night but this is less than helpful when the essay requirement is strictly 6-7 < PROPFEMALE > s . Whoops . 
\There is a reason you can get a PhD in quantum mechanics but not women . Some things are too confsuing to attempt to teach in school . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Rugg " 
probably had the most adventurous ( and heart-pounding ) grocery shopping experience ever with Maryelle < PROPFEMALE > Redd 
HOCKEY GAME ! 
wants to wish you a happy mole day ! 
feasted on foil dinners on the < PROPFEMALE > tower . 
Maryelle < PROPFEMALE > Redd Loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > more than word can even express so i shan't try 
I'm skipping through splendidly crunchy leaves . 
enjoys being on high things , like 6'4 '' shoulders . 
WOW . I am so thankful for such wonderful friends like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Rugg ! 
Rivaling Favorite Disney Movie : Tangled 
is a little concerned that her roomate Makena Peacock converses with a bag of slivered almonds named \Joey \"." 
Final Final ! 
talking to my grandparents on Skype :) 
I never thought seeking out Cosmo and hiding in a secluded place with him would be the goal of my evening . 
Today in History of Creativity I learned that < PROPMALE > da Vinci was the inventor of rotisserie chicken . 
You know it's a good day when you discover and retrieve a bag of at least 50 tortillas from a snow bank leaving the Costco parking lot . 
\This is semiridiculous ! \ " -Makena Peacock " 
Making a zoo of sugar cookies with < PROPMALE > Hasler . 50 different animal cookie cutters ! 
MY FAMILY'S COMING TO VISIT ME ! 
Won a pie eating contest on Pi Day . Success . 
is saturated with multicolored powder . 
The event of the weekend : Pumping gas for the first time all by herself . Be proud . 
