Gonna have a great day and fuck all those fucks who want differently . =P 

Men are probably the dumbest beings in existence . Almost makes me wish I had a vagina ... But not really . 
Want to fuck this couple so much ! OMG ! Yes ! 
So sleepy . Only seven and a half hours till my day begins anew . =P 
Hurray for management training ! 
So sleepy . =P 
Just got done playing three hours of Bejeweled Blitz . Addicting ! 
Off work early . Going to a BBQ . Then gonna play some D&D . I R NERD ! 
D&D was bitchin but sooo tired . I have to wake up in seven hours and go to work ... Gross ! 
I don't need a man to make me happy . I can do it all myself . 
Getting stoned before work . Hopefully I can be in bubble again ! 
And I say unto the one thing that will change your life forever ! Meow =P 
And I say unto you . The one thing that will change your life forever ! Meow =P 
Went to the bar last night . Couldn't enjoy though because I got sick . Not booze sick but death sick . One of the longest nights of my life . 
Can't wait for gay camp tomorrow ! 
Gay camp was fricken awesomeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Played D&D . Then < PROPMALE > out with new gay friends . So tired and get to work very very soon . =P 
Can't wait to be management . So I can show these bitches what's up ! 
So sleepy 
just wants to take a bullet to side of the head . FUN DAY ! Haven't had one of these kinda days in forever . 
I start management today bitches ! Come in after two and see my sexy uniform of sexiness ! 
My world is a thing that no man seems to understand . Hmmm their loss . 
So sleepy . Wish it would just rain . 
I have never wanted what I feel . 
I hate people more than anything and some more than others . Why are people so fuckin stupid ? 
I don't want to wake in the morning 
Why am I so surprised . It never fails with people/men . I'm looking for something that obviously doesn't exist in my world . 
I think , I have found him but I can't have him . 
I die . If you only met my eyes before you pass by . Will you pause to break my heart ? 
I want your love and I want your revenge . I want your love . I don't want to be friends . Caught in a bad romance . 
I want your love and I want your revenge . You and me could write a bad romance . I want your love and all your lover's revenge . You and me could write a bad romance . 
MY HAIR IS PINK AGAIN ! FUCK YEAH ! Can't wait to do yule ! 
Got myself a boyfriend everyone . w00t 
Once again . I gots me a boyfriend . Let's hope the third time is the charm . 
Well that was incredibly short lived ! Fuck men are stupid ! 
Wish I would have known . That when I thought it was going to be a fantastic day . It would be blown up in my face . Awesome . 
Worked my first grave last night . Fuck I am tired . * yawn * 
Anyone want to nuzzle with me ? 
Call 973-409-3274 to vote for the legalization of marijuana . Obama said he would consider it with 1 million votes . Press # 
I fall asleep thinking of him and how I want to be in his arms . 
Only three hours of fun today ! YAY . I want him more than anything . 
So let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ?? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree . 
Camping for Beltane . GO Spring ! 
Another Sunday of work done . I've said it before and I will say it again . I * ahem * FUCKING HATE SUNDAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Side note . I love lesbians . Rock on girlfriends ! 
I hate that span of time . Between eight and ten at night . Especially nine to ten . I call it the magic hour . When either no body comes or everyone in Poky feels the need for < PROPFIRST > in the Crack . * Sigh * I don't even get a reach around . 
I can't wait to have him in my arms . Finally a man who can understand me , and appreciate the random insanity that is my existence . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence ? 
Can't wait for my two week vacation . Sick and tired of my rinse and repeat schedule . 
True friends can go long periods of time without\ 
speaking and never question their friendship . They can pick up , like\ 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been . \ 
Repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one of these special \ 
friends :-) \ =3 You people know who you are . " 
Back to sleep ... That is if I don't kill the fucking dog because she won't stop her whining . 
I will become supreme overlord of all existence . Muwahahahahahah * ahem * * hack * hahahahahahaha ... I mean < PROPFEMALE > on . 
Off to work . Only four hours and they were hours I picked up . =D 
So sleepy . * Yawn * Meow meow sleepy meow . * zzzzzzzzz * 
I'm super thanks for asking . Everythings SUPER when you're gay ! 
I am so fucking bored . I could cry . 
I now fall into a world of slumber and pray it embraces me . Unlike last night ... I will stab that sandman . 
In Bear Lake with family . I will eat their souls ! Muwhahahahahahaha . 
Sleep will be good tonight . Of that I am finally sure . 
Just watched Shrek Forever After . Cute as shit and you know what that means . I turned into a teary eyed little girl . * sigh * =P 
We iz going to play frizbee in the park ! YAY 
I sleep now . May it come swift and fuck let's face it . May it just fucking come . 
In Boise . Their traffic wangs ass . 
Havin a blast . Of course , don't want to leave but life goes on . =D 
Home sigh . Back to the ole grind . 
Well suppose I should go to bed . 
Work sucks ass . And not in the good homosexual way . 
Well time once again for a two hour nap . Yay love waking up at random times and then not going back to sleep for hours . 
Less than eight hours is not enough time for your feet to rest . Before doing another eight hour shift . 
Then this little fag took a nap . =P 
Good night world . I awake to yet another day of mindless labor . 
Sleep meow meow 
I've already been to heaven . I've already been to heaven . I've already been to heaven . After five minutes I was like let's go . 
Texting my Muffin Face . Like normal . ** Somebody crazy things is just fun . I am a nerd and love it . 
And now I die . Goodbye world . Sleep is most inviting . 
Happy Fourth of July ! Unless you live in Bear Lake or Idaho Falls , Idaho . Who decided to celebrate it yesterday because they are backwoods retards . I mean lovely LDS hipocrites . I mean I like the one's who are complete assholes and keep open-minds . They can stay . =P 
~ Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want -- to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . But will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a ................. little extra help and understanding . Every child is precious ! 
Goodnight world . Lick my ass side . =P 
It's Saturday and we all know what that means . That's right < PROPFIRST > works a 2-10 today . Yay ! So slow it's like workin a Sunday . * brains explode onto screen * 
OMG so I got the schedule I asked for next week . Haven't had that since I was crew . O.O 7/8pm till 3am . * Head splodes into < PROPFEMALE > * 
Woke up an hour early . Tried to go back to sleep but the fucking dog upstairs . Decided they wanted to bark for five minutes solid instead . Shock surprise they are freaking out right now . Bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark . I HATE FUCKING DOGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sleep gooooooood 
I got to sleep mow . Wish I could lucid dream . That would rock . * Sigh * No super wizard < PROPFIRST > . 
Well everyone I do believe the third one is the charm . * Eats his muffin with satisfaction * 
Wishes he was in Boise . Cuddling with his muffin . 
Goodbye weed . * Sigh * I am gonna miss you friend . 
I LOVE workin my ass off and still having absolutely no money . It's FUCKIN awesome ! 
Wishes the human race wasn't completely hopeless . 
Realized that I could kill somebody and no one would be the wiser . Or even consider me ... Not that I ever would lol . 
Been up for 24hrs now . Think I will be able to sleep . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > delirium = t < PROPFEMALE > fun . 
Wishes he was snuzzled up to his muffin . Sleeping soundly and blissfully . 
Chocolate milk is my medicine . Tastes so good I could commit murder . I mean ... murder . =P 
Loves his muffin . Tasty way to start any day . =P 
I hate dogs , if not for just these reasons . They bark , they yap , and they fucking howl . Noisy obnoxious fucking creatures . 
So I just watched this gay porn that has some guy in his mid-fourties . ( That's right I like me some older bears ) On his right calf he has a tattoo of < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > is a pet gopher from a cartoon called < PROPFIRST > Possible . I used to watch this show as a teen . Give you a hint of how old that show is . I found it both odd and hilarious . 
Done harrassing my < PROPFEMALE > . Now it is time for sleeps yes . 
Cleaning the kitchen is fun . If you like crusted on nasty and shite loads of dishes . 
Get to work the other store tonight . Can we say yay . Not really but my hours would have been cut . Wait that would mean a free day . Sigh . 
Loves when people order a combo and then want a free sandwich with a coupon . Ahem hey dumbass how about you read the coupon . Does it say get a combo and you get a free sandwich . NO ! It says buy one sandwich and get another sandwich . Hence by one get one . Dildo douchebags . 
Gets to work four hours on a Sunday . * Puts gun to head slowly * 
Going to work yay . The fun never ends . 
Needs a cuddle . Side note * Ding * Thank you for choosing < PROPFIRST > in the Box . What can I get for you today . * insert four random girls laughter on top of one man's voice * They need a minute . * laughter continues in my ear . It's loud , it's fucking obnoxious , believe you me . I was mimicking it and wanting to choke the laugh right out of them . 
Bedtime for me peoples . Must work at noon . Yay ! It's a noon-eight . I haven't worked one of those in so long . =D 
Which Sailor Scout Would You Be ? -- My Result : Pretty Soldier ... Sailor < PROPFEMALE > !. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/594560/referrals/status?aid=509989792 
Off to work people . Covering < PROPFIRST > for four hours . This will put me at fourty-one hours this week . 
Almost time for work . Yay . Let's hope it goes well . 
Nap = Good 
Got my new phone today fuck yeah ! Touch screen = fun 
So realized that my job and I are in a loveless marriage . 
Night all . Long day ahead of me . Yet again . At least I didn't have to work until 6 am this time . 
misses his Jeddy bear muffin face . 
I would like to say that . I don't play farmville . I keep it open so you have a person on your farm . So I will no longer be accepting app requests . 
Night to all 
Get to be up in four hours or so . Yay payday Friday . Let's pray tomorrow has that special silver lining . 
Sigh things never seem to go my way . 
So was supposed to be off at three but unfortunately for me . It was really fucking busy after three . In fact didn't get out of work until 4:45 . So worked 7pm to 4:45 . Wouldn't have been so bad if I had not been up at 9:15 in the morning after going to bed at six from working the previous night . Sleep will be hard and deep . =D 
Well surviving the zombie apocalypse is a bitch . Silly dreams and the zombiness . I take those fuckers down . =P 
Zombie < PROPFIRST > * rawwwwr * 
A message to all the people who have fucked me at work but not showing up . Fuck you guys . Thanks for nothing assholes . I fucking appreciated working my hours and yours . 
Side note . I love talking in a demon voice . 
Well night everyone . Now to actually sleep for . Please work refrain from calling me . 
Can't wait for my four day weekend with my love muffin . And if this bullshit at work gets in the way of that . Then may the flames of my vengenance rain upon the land . 
I don't hate my job by any means but I will have to say . I hate the graveyards though . Didn't take me long to realize why I hated it in the first place . Just keep chanting to myself . \Half a month and you will be free . Half a month and you will be free . \ " I can't wait to be back to my old routine . " 
Night all . Today is the big day and my muffin will be here within twelve hours or so . * screams like a girl with glee * 
There will come a day . Somewhere far away . In your arms I'll stay . My only love . You've unlocked the deepest part of the secret in my heart . I've known it from the start . My only love . My only love . 
YOUR PHONE NUMBERIS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! NO JOKE ... Go to the top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen andclick Phonebook . Everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can ... remove their < PROPFIRST > by changing their privacy settings . 
Two to ten on a Saturday . Take out eight to ten and it would be a perfect day . Can't wait to get my drink on . Happy B-Day Christian ! 
National Coming Out Day . All you homo's who are still hiding . Come join the rest of your family ! We loves you ! 
Is ready for work . Thrilled for the day when I will be saying . Just got off work and it will be anywhere from 6-8 . * happy dance * * happy dance * 
Off to work ! Positive attitude . Check . Keys . Check . 
Sigh . Wishes when someone changes his schedule . They call him or text him . You all have my phone number . Walked in to < PROPMALE > being like your early and me lookin at him thinking . Really ? I thought I was two minutes late . Love walking fifteen minutes for nothing and being ready for three hours before my shift . Lol Still positive though ! I don't have to work till seven . =D 
Let's try this work thing again . 
Me ? Off before bar rush ? On a Friday ? * head explodes into < PROPFEMALE > * Best payday Friday ever ! 
Post this on your status if you know or love \ 
someone who is gay . My wish for2010-2011 is that people will understand \ 
that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are \ 
not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS !! 93% won't copy \ 
and paste this . Will you ?.... Make it your status for at least one hour \ 
.......? Promote LOVE & Acceptance not hate . 
It's almost the end of October and I could not be happier ! I can't wait to be off by , at most , eight pm . 
Can't wait for tonight ! Doing something fun I have never tried and I am super excited . 
Last night was a BLAST ! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Trying to find a place sucks . Anyone know of a one bedroom . That allows small pets . Isn't more than 325 a month and isn't forever away from < PROPFIRST > in the Box . Keeping in < PROPFEMALE > d I must walk . 25 < PROPFEMALE > walk would not kill me and would be beneficial to the exercise regimen that I do not possess lol . 
Adventure Time come on grab your friends . We'll go to very distant lands . With < PROPMALE > the dog and Finn the human . Fun will never end . It's Adventure Time ! 
Just like to say my neighbor is a crazy whore . And it is nigh impossible to find a place to live that is one bedroom and accepts pets . 
Lookin at a place today . Let's hope it's awesome . Realized laundry is going to be a bitch because it will involve a lot of walking/ bus riding . 
Can't wait for the end of the month . To be out of this over-priced shithole and to finally be with my muffin . And the choir swells ! 
Thought of an oxi-moron that suits me . A humanitarian that hates humanity . I care and love the nice people but the rest of you can suck my faggot ass . 
good night world of facebook . I sleeps now . 
Back on swings . Yay ! Just one step closer to the day when I get the shifts I want . Small but sure steps . 
Could really use a bowl right about now . 
Neighbor called the cops on me for doing laundry . What a dumb fucking ho . They have no right to tell me not to do my laundry . That's exactly what they told her . 
Night world . Eight o ' clock comes to quickly . 
Have a place to live ! Just have to magic two hundred dollars from my bunghole . This is a reservation fee . Well actually it's the deposit . 
So I didn't need to magic money from my bunghole . < PROPFIRST > gave me two hundred dollars today . Paying him back of course . I haves me a place to live . #7 which goes with heaven . Which is where ever my Jeddy bear muffin face is . 
Night world see you again at seven-thirty am . 
Another early morning Thursday . It kicked ass last week . I will kick ass this week . 
So today was more let's kick < PROPFIRST>'s ass than let's kick some ass . Odd day indeed . 
Anyone want to buy a mini-fridge for fourty dollars . 
So my love won't be here at the end of the month . He will here around Christmas . Sad though . I will be alone in our place for almost a month . It can't come quick enough . 
Goodnight everyone time for me to sleep . 
Not looking forward to how slow work is going to be tomorrow . Blizzard and oh yeah a manager meeting . There goes my labor . Night all . 
So was thrilled to work a noon to eight today . The schedule I would kill for . Trust me if people had to die . There would be a blood bath . But no one was scheduled from eight to ten . So now work a two to ten . Another slow and long day of hell for me YAY ! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( NOTE : If you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours ! Fair is fair , play along . ) 
Well don't have the U-haul until six like planned . It's two now . We have so much left undone ! Goodbye facebook until internets return . 
So found a dead cat under my fridge Sunday night . Not mine but the previous owner's . I have had two calls from my landlords . Neither of which mentioned the dead cat . They got a lovely email from me today . Also my cat chewed through my phone charger . Life just keeps getting better . Wooooooooooo ! 
Wants to let everyone know . They should stop by < PROPFIRST > some time . We love to serve and would love to see you . GIVE UNTO ME YOUR MONEYS ! 
Waiting to go to work . Four to midnight today sigh . It's gonna be a bitch ; to have to wake up at eight in the morning tomorrow for cableone and dish network installers . 
YAY ! Cableone guy came by took him only a couple of hours to install . Good time considering he had to do it all from scratch . These apartments apparently don't believe in tv or internet . 
Was so fucking busy at work today . Literally had my ass handed to me . Ripped off and then slapped in my face . 
Wants to know what all these < PROPFIRST > people keep spouting off are . I know they are people but how do you judge their number ? 
I can't wait . Only one more week and I will be in the arms of my Jeddy Bear ! Meow meow meow meow meow <3 
hates colds ! Stuffy runny stufffy runny . Hack hack hack . OH GOD MY LUNG IS ON FIRE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wishes not for snow but rain . Sweet beautiful rain ! 
two days till my Jeddy bear muffin face is here . * squeals like a little girl . Jumps up and down * 
Just had missionaries show up at my door . LOL I was polite always am . Was like sorry not for me boys . I didn't go into the homosexual , pot-smoking , and the whole I like to be able to make decisions for myself and live an oppressive life . 
Dreading the note I have to write to my neighbors that states basically . Dear #6 could you please clean up the mass amounts of dog shit your monsters have left behind . I am sick of smelling it and sick of stepping in it . 
Less than 24 hrs people ! EEEEEEEEEheeee heee heeeeeeeee 
Only a few more hours . 
Well my loves not here yet because the people that were supposed to drive the u-haul ; didn't show up until 10:40 when they were supposed to be there at eight . Sigh . 
In Bear Lake with the fam and my Jeddy muffin . Fam loves him . Told him there was nothing to worry about . <3 
Jesus may love you but the rest of us think you are an asshole . 
Is so tired he could die . 
Would like to say thank you 2010 for managing to continue fucking me in 2011 . Really you're a peach . 
Is your customer service GOD ! Great fucking day at work . I just wish I had this schedule all the time . It would definately improve my mood and my work performance . 
Goodnight all . Hopefully work will go by quickly tomorrow . 
Hates money ! I wish we never needed it . 
Loves paying taxes for snow removal employees ; who don't do their jobs . Thanks guys ! 
Working 11-6 today . It just goes to show with a little < PROPFEMALE > , some divine intervention and a shit load of pleading . The schedule you < PROPFEMALE > will be yours . 
My cat is going to have kittens very soon . So if anyone wants an adorable < PROPFEMALE > . Feel free to save me from this burden ; given to me by my whore cat . 
I wish everyone's debts could just be reset and we could all start from square one . 
My lover is not here for hug a tall person day . I sad . 
Thank God this is the last opening Sunday shift I have to work . Gah I hate mornings . 
Idaho must be the slowest state when it comes to taxes . I will be a full month since they started processing my taxes in three days . 
Internet down at library . Hopefully it should be good today . 
Still no internets at home . Sigh , I miss my web browsing . 
My friends I have made my spiritual decision . I shall worship no God or Goddess . No entity exists to me . I shall instead revere all that is light . I will embrace it and make it the better part of me . The road to a brighter future is in store for me . I can feel it . 
Hope tomorrow goes better than today . Never thought ten hours of work could fly by so quickly . 
I'll tell you what . Getting food out in under four minutes is a fucking bitch . 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? I will have < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Burrup , < PROPFEMALE > Tallent , Christian Evans , < PROPFIRST > Varas , and < PROPMALE > VanOrden . I feel we will not be eaten alive . Also that the undead will become very dead , very quickly . 
Hate working later in the day . I spend all day waiting to go to work . The longer I wait ; the less likely I want to go and be there . Sigh . DAMN you Fridays ! 
Has had a killer work day . I will be become a burger God ! I want my store to be the best damn store ever . Please support your local < PROPFIRST > in the Box ; located on 4th and Center . Good food and great service is how we bitches roll ! 
Time at the library is done . Maybe a nap . 
My mom made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong and drove me a little crazy at times . But moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you have or ever had a wonderful mom you love . 
I will have internet at home again on Thursday ! Dear God thank you ! 
Yeah internets ! This is the first time I have gotten on . 
Work at nine tomorrow . At least I am off at five . 
