Saturday July 18th ... TUBBIN TRIP ! 

Too bad they didn't get any pictures of three girls deep on the riding lawn mower ! 
Leaving for work ... life isn't fair ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are on the way to the vet ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s not prego ! This is wonderful ... no Bassibulls this year ! 
Has anyone ever rubbed their eye with the the palm of their hand and accidentally flipped their eyelid back ???? WOW did it hurt ! lol 
stepping up to the next size on the ear gauges , OUCH ! Keeping my eye on the prize ! 
Journey Songs !!! 
There was this guy who rocked the stage at krypto with sweet < PROPFEMALE > ... Ba ba ba ! such a rock < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Show me the way to the Bocce Ball tent 
Too tired to sleep 
Wondering what song the karaoke master will sing ! 
Going to find a movie to fall asleep to ... where is my Holy Grail movie when I need it ! 
I Love You Man .... Great movie , Very funny but didn't not help me sleep ! Kept me up laughing my ass off and worthy of a second viewing . 
Facebook is evil ! 
Painting at the Rock River Valley Pantry tomorrow , may have to graffiti the walls with my artistic touch . Anyone is welcome to come by at help from 8-2pm , they always need more volunteers . 
thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . ( If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . ) 
Today is a good day ! A very , very , very good day ! 
Wish it was Saturday ! 
Time for zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ! 
I need another cup of tea , the left bottom portion of my back to stop hurting , a better job and a large dose of < PROPFIRST > Kelly ... NOW ! 
Little Falcon is safe ! 
Can't wait til next weekend ! Party at The Red Lion should be a whole lota awesome and I hear Hon Solo will be there , I'm so making out with him ! 
I should never again go to bed before 8PM . I'm up way to early ! 
Cant wait for next weekend ... Marylyn , JFK , < PROPFIRST > Myers , Vampires and ... OMG , I have to find shoes ! 
Last night was a blast but never again will I wear shoes that are one size too big just because they were on sale and looked good with the dress . 
Can't wait for the 20th when I will be Dancing with the stars ... okay maybe not , but just with one really great one who goes by the name < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Right now I want a really hot bath , my warm bed , a cup of tea and a really funny movie to watch ... not going to happen , wah wah ! 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes 
Happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
I miss smoking ... but then remember how much money I am saving and how much healthier my body feels and that makes it all worth it . 
I'm starting to believe that Tourette's Syndrome is a withdrawl symptom ! 
Wondering if I'm still getting coal this year 
I need a new camera so I can update my pictures 
The next time some one wakes me up asking for coffee , i'm pushing them onto the floor ! 
Not sure what happened to one of the socks I just pulled out in this pair but it looks like an elephant tried it on first . 
2 more days of work and then I'm off till Jan . 4th ... I'm so excited ! 
Leaving for work ... 8 hours to freedom ! 
I want to wish everyone a safe and happy Christmas and a wonderful New Year . Hope it's a good one for everyone ... XOXO . 
The answer is : Hot Chocolate ! 
I missed out on the color thing too ?? 
Black 
Going to look at houses today ... so exciting ! 
The Lovely Bones ... not too bad even though it had < PROPFIRST > Walberg in it . 
If in the market for a house and the price seems too good to be true , don't be afraid to ask if someone died in it ! Chances are that someone probably did . 
... is enjoying soft red wine from the heart of Italy . Lambrusco style ! Does this make me a wino ? 
Its WAYBACK WEEK ! GO RETRO- Change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and let's see how adorable -- or not ! :) -- we all were !!! WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So glad it's the weekend ! 
Is mildly ashamed of myself for watching back to back episodes of Jeresy Shore til 4am 
FYI to any one who got a notification that I commented on a photo of them ... It's some kind of spam and I didn't send it . I clicked on a notification that said someone commented on one of my photos and the \IT\ " face poped up in flashing lights ... next thing I know it automatically sent notifications to everyone on my friends list saying that I commented on a photo of them ! Don't click on it ! " 
What an interesting day this is turning out to be ! 
I would be with COCO but the picture they use is a little too creepy 
I love you Eliptical guide , you always know just what to do to make me my best ! 
About to try and fix the dent in my hood , add more steering fluid and get an oil change ... I'll be surprized if my car makes it to spring ! 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... Pass it along if you agree :) 
Doppelgänger week - change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your twin photo then cut and paste this to your status ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
is now a huge fan of the < PROPMALE > Dragon ! 
Gave myself a massive hip check at work tonight ... it's a good that inanimate objects can't hear you swear at them ! 
More open Houses today ... I will know the perfect house when I see it ! 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve ! Great men are few and far between , and I have THE BEST one !? him :) ! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone !! 
Wish the weekend was longer ! Grrr ! 
cooking = finger cuts ! 
Morel hunting is near 
Happy happy joy joy ... it's Friday ! 
Dog walking and tacos with the boyfriend .... what a beautiful day ! Now I have to get ready for work ... blah ! 
Is so happy to have my computer back up ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > !! 
Already anticipating next weekend and I don't even have plans , just hoping that Mon-Fri goes by real fast ! 
WANTED- Someone of very kind and generous nature to donate to me a boat which I can utilize until summer is over . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > had her first day at the dog park today . She had a blast and I was glad to see that she got along with the other dog so well . Well , except for the < PROPFEMALE > retriever that tired to hump her ! 
Promised myself I would go to bed early tonight , so far not doing so good :) 
GREAT NEWS ! Mother natures Day Spa and Salon is offer a free hair blow drying ... to redeem step out side and enjoy your new doo ;) 
Just finished watching The A-Team ... kinda disappointing :( . 
Grrrrr ! :( 
Why is it so hard to go to go bed when you know you really really need to go to bed ? 
Two days of taking down wallpaper and glue from the walls = one tired Kimmie ! Can't wait to prime and paint ! 
2 more hours ... Festa Italiana here we come ! 
Wondering if there is a really nice person out there with a truck or mini truck ( i'm not picky ) that would move my bed across town ... there could be beer in it for them :) . 
They say ever lasting friends can go long periods of time without\ 
speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick\ 
up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been\ 
or how faraway they live . And they don't hold grudges . They understand\ 
that ...... life is busy and you will always love them . Re-post if you\ 
have @ least 1of these friends ? 
Hope I see everyone tonight at the FILLING STATION to wish me luck in my new position . 
I hear < PROPFIRST > Moser will be singing journey karaokee songs all night ! Who would want to miss that ! :) 
I need a Hot Stone Massage and some apple cider ! 
Between the Owl and the Frog . Decisions , decisions ... I picked the Owl . 
Made a beautiful Apple < PROPFEMALE > cake . It smells delicious ! 
I just decided that I hate squirrels ! 
Anyone going on the Cemetary Crawl in Kirkland on the 23rd ??? 
Is not feeling so well today :( . 
Inbox me any question and I will give u the answer in my status ! 
Q : What time is it ? \ 
A : Wish I had something witty to respond with but all I got is the time .. it's 7:47 pm . 
Is liking your own status the same as laughing at your own joke ? 
Thank you all for the wonderful Birthday wishes ! 
Thank's to everyone who came out last night to help celebrate my birthday ! It really meant a lot to me ! Luv you all ! 
I just made the most delicious looking Pumpkin pie ever ! Hope it tastes like it looks , lol ! 
making a Roast ! It smells delicious ! 
Thinks that Shoveling should be one of those things that you never let friends ( or family ) do alone ... :) ! Now , who's going to help me shovel ??? 
Just made a snowman that looks like JabbaThe Hutt ... hummm ... there aint no fixing this one ! 
Have a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Slippery stairs + shoes with little traction = 1 Big bruise :( 
Just pulled my Beef and Guniess pie out of the oven ... smells great !! 
