Happy News Years < PROPFEMALE > !! A new year will begin in 4 hours ! Thank GOD !! This year has brought me so much fun , and also so much grief and heart ache . But lets hope that 2010 will bring better things for me ... and mmaybe if I am lucky .. A MAN !! lol 

It's New Years !! Now it's time for a new chapter to begin !! YAY ! 
I dont't feel good ... but still holding on to what ever I can . Can't wait for this year to be the greatest ever !! 
Feelin ' a lil better but let's see how tonight goes !! lol 
Christmas was amazing , I want to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year !! :) 
Well ... IT'S SNOWING !!!! :) 
Want a SNOW DAY !!! 
wish we didn't have school tomorrow but it is a 4 day week ... yay !! 
Can't wait until FRIDAY !! Goin out with my peeps ! lol 
Having a really good day ! Almost a 4 day weekend !! yay 
Goin to a party tomorrow and Then hangin with my peeps Saturday !! yay 
Had a lot of fun tonight !! 
blah , blah , blah :p 
Wish she was in a complicated relationship ... :{ 
Doin hw ... wants summer or at least springf break here to get here sooner ! :p 
I don't feel good ... wish i had something to do ... and i wish i had a bf ... don't we all ! haha lol 
They can say whatever I'ma do whatever , no pain is forever , Yup , you know this ! Tougher than a lion , ain't no need in tryin ' I live where the sky ends , Yup , you know this ! 
Party don't start til i walk in ... :) 
I LOVE SNOW !!! :) 
Don't want school ... :( 
likes it when there is NO SCHOOL ! YAY !! :) 
What you've got boy is hard to find , think about it all the time , I'm all strung out my heart is fried , I just can't get u off my mind because ... Your love , your love , your love is my drug ! I don't care what ppl say the rush is worth the price I pay !!! lol 
OMG !!!! I luv weddings !! I am going to be in one next spring and then this summer i am goin to one !! i absolutely luv them !! <3 
I am so sick ... but what can I do ? lol 
Blah , Blah , Blah I only care who I is ! lol <3 
Wow , can ; t wait for Spring break !! lol <3 
Time will bring the real end of our trial , one day they'll be no remnants , no trace no residual feelings within ya , one day you won't remember me . Your face will be the reason I smile , But I will see what i cannot have forever , I'll always luv ya , and I hope u feel the same ... <3 
Time will bring the real end of our trial , one day they'll be no remnants , no trace no residual feelings within ya , one day you won't remember me . Your face will be the reason I smile , But I will see what i cannot have forever , I'll always luv ya , and I hope u feel the same ... ? 
Can't wait til PROM ! Goin dress shoppin this weekend ! Yay ! <3 
Goin to Adornetto's tonight !! lol Gonna have fun with my peeps ! :) 
Workin on my English ... luv warm weather !! <3 
Yeah , it's plain to see that baby you're beautiful , and it's nothing wrong with you It's me , I'm a freak but thanks for lovin ' me cause you're doing it perfectly . There might have been a time when I would let you step away , I wouldn't even try but I think you could save my life !!! <3 
Everybody’s looking for love , ain’t that the reason you’re at this club . You ain’t gonna find it dancing with her . No . I got a better solution for you boy . Just leave with me now , say the word and we’ll go , I’ll be your teacher . I’ll show you the ropes . You’ll see a side of love you’ve never known . I can see it going down . 
I haven't felt this good in a long time ! <3 
I got a prom dress !!! lol Now i am even more excited ! lol 
I've been thinking about you and how we used to be , back when everything was alright ... memories , do u remember ? <3 
Why can ; t i be the one for you ? The one you call babe and the one u say \ I luv u\ " to ? <3 " 
Today was a good day !! :) 
Totally bored and have nothing to do ! :( 
Today was a great day ! lol <3 
Today was another good day !! 
Even thogh it's a lil rainy ... I am still havin a great day ! <3 
:) 
Went to Zansville ... had a good time and then came home and i am spending time with family ! lol <3 
Went to the park with my nephew , had a blast ... got some reading done . Then tomorrow we r off to the movies ! lol Can't wait ! <3 
We were given two hands to hold , two legs to walk , two eyes to see and two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else for us to find . <3 
A lil nervous about the ACTs this weekend ... but excited for prom ! lol 
in a great mood ! <3 
Today was a good day ! lol <3 
Today was a good day ... and tomorrow will be even better !! ( Despite the ACT ! ) lol 
WOW !! Really tired ... ACT :( ! but still had a great day ! 
So excited for PROM !! lol 
Can't wait for PROM ! lol so excited ! 
My prom dress is perfect !! lol Now if i can only find a man to go with it ! lol <3 
Prom was great , after prom was fun , but sleep was so much better ! lol <3 
Can't say much right now ... cuz u have me speechless ! :] 
Watching my nephews today ... having a lot of fun ! :D lol 
Might go see Iron Man 2 tonight ... fun fun fun ! lol :) 
Hooray for SUNDAY !! lol have an AP test on Weds and not to syched for that :( lol 
Senior Year is coming up fast ! lol :) 
It is just one of those days ! lol :) 
So ... it's hot outside and I've decide that if it's like this tomorrow ... I am NOT going to wear pants . ( get ur minds out of the gutter ... I'm wearin a dress ) lol :) 
I just got an iPod TOUCH !!! lol YAY 
Just got from a t ball game ! Lol lil kids are so cute sliding into home thinking it's cool to get all dirty ! Love it !! :) 
Today was just another one of those days when you feel like everything goes wrong . And then that one person comes up to you and says , \Everything is gonna be alright . Just tall to me and I can get help you with whatever you need . \ " And them right then your day just got instantly better . :) " 
I am officially a SENIOR !!! lol yay 
Last Day was today !!!! YAY ! 
First day of summer break and it was amazing !! 
I love ICE AGE !!! Lol 
Wow ... Tomorrow is Friday and I am lover excites for Strawberries on the square , and I am goin to parties all weekend long ! \ I gotta feelin ... That tonights gonna be a goodnight ... \ " lol " 
Today is FRIDAY !!!! lol 
I have this strong feeling to go to the ZOO and see the polar bears ! lol :D 
Goin to the movies !! lol 
Goin on a picninc today !! lol 
Didn't do anything today ... but excited for this weekend !! lol 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars , cuz I could really use a wish right now <3 
Summer came like cinnamon ... so sweet ... Girl , put your records on , tell me your favourite song , you go ahead , let your hair down ... sapphire and faded jeans , I hope you get your dreams , just go ahead , let your hair down !! :) 
Goin to < PROPFEMALE > in 1 WEEK !!! yay ! :) 
Hey !! Got my dates mixed up ! lol in 2 weeks I am goin to < PROPFEMALE > !! haha lol my bad ! :) 
When the dark of the night comes around , that's the time . That the animal comes alive , looking for something wild . And now we lookin ' like pimps in my gold Trans-Am ! haha lol :) 
Tell me you'll come with me , tell me you'll run with me , tell me you love me ... how far do you wanna go ? <3 
Wanna watch Boondock Saints !!! lol <3 
It's better to have love and lost , but it is great to have never lost at all ... <3 
OMG !! Can't wait fro < PROPFEMALE > !! I have so much to do in so lil time !! lol Luv and miss u all ! :p 
Lovin ' < PROPFEMALE > !! <3 
Why can't airplanes be shooting stars ... I have seen 10 planes tonight and I could have used all 10 wishes ... 
Comin ' home tomorrow !! :) I will miss it here though !! lol 
I'm slow to trust but I'm quick to love , I push too hard and I give too much , I ain't saying I'm perfect .. but I promise I'm worth it <3 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity \ 
to accept the things I cannot change ; \ 
courage to change the things I can ;\ 
and wisdom to know the difference . <3 
Got my NEW PHONE !!! YAY lol 
ALMOST 18 days until Florida !! yay !! 
I am about ready to do some cleaning so tonight I can fun and not worry about a thing ! lol 
Having fun with friends today ! They are the best ! 
11 DAYS UNTIL VACATION TO FLORIDA !!! YAY 
Trying to create a list of all the things I need to do before vacation ... lol 
Officailly sick :( But i can't stop being busy just cuz I'm sick ! lol 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm loving cloud nine , my head's in the sky , I'm solo , I'm riding solo !!! <3 
There's a thin line between the dark side and the light side baby tonight , it's a struggle gotta rumble , tryin ' to find it ... <3 
I throw my hands up in the air sometimes saying AYO ! Gotta let go ! I wanna celebrate and live my life . Saying AYO ! Baby , let's go ! ' Cause we gon ' rock this club , we gon ' go all night , we gon ' light it up , like it's dynamite !!! <3 
Made it to DESTIN , FLORIDA !!! I am super excited to be at the beach ! White sand and < PROPFEMALE > clear water !! Love it here !! <3 
OMG !! Went to my favorite place on earth for breakfast ... IHOP baby !! lol And no , none of the waitresses had only one leg , :D 
Might go shopping tomorrow !! I am so excited ... this means , NEW BATHING SUIT !! Yipeee ... lol <3 
Might get my nails done tomorrow , yay me !! and then ! have to work on my final project for school before I go to west < PROPFEMALE > !! 
What is there to say ? Tomorrow is the beginning of the end , and I am goin to enjoy every moment of it with the people I love to be with . <3 
Today was great ! I saw friends thst I haven't seen all summer and the best part , most of my classes are AIR CONDITIONED !! Yay !! lol 
Wellk hopefully the end of my school day will be better than today's . Had as rough end but tomorrow is a new day ... <3 
So why is it when u meet someone new , someone else has already gotten there attention first ? Oh , there are so many more new people to meet , lol <3 
So tell me why today wasnt't that great . But then I went and did a lil retail therapy !! <3 
Just got back from Swappers Day ! First time there ! it was great <3 
When I see your face , there's not a thing that I would change cause you're amazing , just the way you are . And when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while\ 
cause boy you're amazing , just the way you are !! <3 
Tell me why , no matter what anyone says about me , I always end up proving them wrong ! :) That's just my way of doin things ... nothing can hurt me any more , and I am never gonna back down from someone talking smack about my family , this goes out to < PROPFEMALE > Hale Edwards !! All for you ... 
Tell me why I need a job , ASAP ! And also I need a < PROPMALE > retail therapy session !! :( 
When I see your face , there's not a thing that I would change , because you're amazing , just the way you are ! And when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while cause boy you're amazing , just the way you are ! <3 
Had a lil retail therapy go on tonight !! I am so excited lol !! <3 
GO BUCKS !! WHOOP , WHOOP !! 
Right now I am totally obsessed with < PROPFIRST > Swift's \Mine\ " !! I keep listening to it over and over and over ... lol <3 " 
Had a great time this weekend !! One trip down and next one is TEXAS !! WHOOP WHOOP ! 
I am really not feeling like doin the same old thing for homecoming this year . i can do pix but thats as traditional as i wanna go lol All i am asking for is change 
Had the worst day ever . Didn't really hurt anything , but took a < PROPMALE > hit to my pride , that's all . 
Tell me why as homecoming gets closer and plans become more clear ... I get more EXCITED !! <3 
Trying to see if I can get my nails done lol :) gonna get gold tips baby ! lol 
ATTENTION !! Today from 8-4 pm I am having a yard sale at my house !! 272 North Cedar Street ... we have baby boy clothes and toys . Selling all types of things ! Please come and look around !! Thanks 
Working in my English Essay :( don't know if it is right but oh well ... :) 
Looking up hair-do's for homecoming !! Getting closer and getting more excited !! <3 
I have a JOB !! 
Gettin Ready For HOMECOMING !! 
Chillin ' at home , not really doin much . :) 
I am a flight risk , with a fear of falling ... <3 
He has my heart , but he just doesn't know it yet ... <3 
He still has my heart , yet he still doesn't know ... <3 
At work ... Millers in the Mall , kinda slow , really bored , come visit me !! :) lol 
Looking at a new college I have never heard of before til last week and I am thinking of honestly going there ... <3 
You love her and she loves you with all she has , I guess I should've been more like that ... <3 
I am in TEXAS y'all!! :) 
Texas is absolutely amazing ... 
I'll take off my wings , if you take off your halo , you don't have to be invincible cause I sure ain't no saint . You'll always be my angel no matter what you do , cause you take me to heaven just by being you . <3 
Heading off to work in a few ... getting off at 2 then I am going home and going to sleep :) Still sick , but trying to do everything I can ... <3 
Tell me a secret , tell me things that no one else should know . Even in your weakness , baby drop your guard , just let it go until everything’s exposed and you don’t have to feel ashamed . Baby , just say my name ... <3 
So had a good weekend with my bestie , < PROPFEMALE > . And then to top that off we had a SNOW DAY ! Have to go in to work at 4 and i get off @ 10 !! Pretty much my schedule all week but have Friday off !! Whoop Whopp !! 
I am waiting on the sun to set because yesterday ain't over yet ... I started smoking cigarettes cus I guess there ain't else to do I guess ... I've given up on love , cus loves given up on me ... :) 
Boy don't feel outta place , cause I , I'm in love with this feelin ' now . Hope that this will last a while ... we should make it last a while <3 
I am done with all this immature crap ... I am ready to take on something new that will make me forget about the rest <3 
I'm fumbling , acting like I can't find my keys , well , maybe you could give me a ride ... <3 
Trying to get a job , applied at 2 places and may re-apply at a 3rd . Hopefully I hear back from either of these places ... Just please keep ur fingers crossed , I need it . 
I need to move on and find something new ... I can't get < PROPMALE > up on how you made me feel because I know there is someone else better out there for me and idk when I am going to meet him , but he will come my way eventually and no matter what I think I will be completely unprepared and knocked off my feet , and i will completely forget about you and the way you made me feel because he will be my everything , enough said <3 
Be a hand that reaches out , be a smile for those who have no reason to smile , be a light for those who live in darkness , show them what it means to truly love ... <3 
Goin to the show tonight with my bff < PROPFEMALE > H . Can't wait , it's gonna be good !! 
Who cares if you disagree , you are not me . So you dare tell me who to be , who died and made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? <3 
Goin to a show tonight ... I am so excited !! 
About ready to go watch < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > , my fave t.v show ! 
Not feelin to good right now ... idk whats wrong . My stomach is upset and I am also upset , very upset lol <3 
Even though there is still a llittle over a month left until prom , I never knew how stressful it was going to be . I have found a dress that I really like , but I don't know about it and just other stuff that goes along with prom can get overwhelming ... :( 
SOOOO ... I am gonna be up ALLL night with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > Hoffman to do my english and physics homework . This is gonna be a fun night ! :) <3 
SO its has been 3 times now that poeple have mistaken me fo a high schooler's mom ... i honestly didnt think I looked THAT old !! haha , goin out tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , can't wait ! <3 
Starting on my English and Government homework !! Before all of this though , I got a mani and pedi ... of course lol <3 
I love just being able to lay back and relax ... having fun with friends and family and not havin ' to worry about school the next day :) 
Went to the zoo today with my dad and nephews ! We had so much fun and we saw the whole zoo !! It was great and had a wonderful time ... <3 
