had heard on a sport talk show that TCU was over rated and that he couldn't believe that TCU was favored over Wisconsin by 3 Points , I guess the odds makers were right with the TCU win by 3 Points , what a game . 

Ok FB buddies here is the question I need ur answer to . When do you take down ur Christmas decorations ? 
Usually work is on my mind and when is going to be lunch time . 
Got a new cell phone called the Barrage and it is water , dust , sand and salt resistant . Military grade and construction grade . Just what I need . It says you can drop it in 3 ' of water for 30 mins and it should be ok , don't think I will try this . 
Going to get new tires on my truck and work on estimates and do what ever the wife needs done and get mom and < PROPFEMALE > some thing for Mother's Day . What a good Husband/son I am ! Some days I just don't think there are enough hours in the day . Is Mordor sushi good bait for fishing ? 
Saw my sister yesterday and we had a good visit . My brother in law cooked and it was good too . Kids are doing good all pasted there TAks test with commended which is an 90 or better . School is almost out . 
yesterday started out great ended with getting stung nine times by yellow jackets on the hand . It's morning and my hand is pretty swollen , but still have to work . 
Saw my brother and sister in law last nite and had a good visit . Mom and dad are off to prison today and I'm off to work on estimates and look at other jobs and hopfully pick up my stolen generator . < PROPFEMALE > will be off to summer camp monday . 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Sissy should choose Joy today and be glad cause the Lord loves them and I do too . 
< PROPFEMALE > gone to camp ! Wish the boys were gone too . 
It's raining now and I get to do computer work and catch up on estimates . I think if Obama would fire BP CEO , shouldn't we fire Obama for the crappie Job he's done ? 
Today is tree cutting day . We will be trimming trees from a man lift . Still trying to get mastic up so we can start our tile job next week . Using a product called bean-e-doo seams to work pretty good but the mastic is really old and thick . < PROPFEMALE > is still at camp . 
We scraped and scrubed the floor got most of the mastic up just have some spot cleaning to do . Tile should be in soon I hope . < PROPFEMALE>'s home !!! 
Tomatoes from my garden are great tastin . It's only a hundred and three degrees and 89 percent humidity , lets all get outdoors and work . Started putting tile on floor yesterday and my internet was down for three days . 
Democrats have a new 20 billion dollar slush fund , isn't that special ! 
To all my friends up north of me Just wanted to share the heat and humidity this weekend . Got nothin but love for yall . 
< PROPFEMALE > found tomatoe worms on my plants we killed ten and then powdered the plants . Makin sausage and eggs this morning and then going to mow the front forty . Will have to start watering the yard and garden . 
I hope yall have a blessed fathers day , make sure you call your fathers ( not collect either ) and tell them how much you care for them . 
More than half way done with tile job and I'll be glad when it's done . looking forward to the 4th 
It's quiet here at the Casa < PROPMALE > Wray right now , with all the kids still sleeping and the coffee is brewin . < PROPFEMALE > has started to snore and just like that peace and tranquillity are gone . LOL . Yes I know I'm bad , but yall already know me . Now make sure yall get to church and spend some time with The Father ( God ) not the priest . 
They need to make this whats on my mind a little longer , cause sometimes but not always I have a lot on my mind and would like to share , not that yall have to listen . 
Did someone say Hurricane ? 
not much at the moment check back later . 
got at least ten inches of rain in the last two days , and three of that in one hour . Lots of flooding around the area . My drive way is one big mud puddle . Going to p/u my new BBQ pit to day and cook some fajitas sunday . 
BBQ has been picked up and meat has been brought . Now it's time to marinade the meat . Just in case yall haven't had my fajitas before I cook the best tasting and most tender beef fajitas you will ever eat . 
< PROPFEMALE > is going to make potatoe salad , grilled corn on the cob , cup cakes , orange carrot jello , rootbeer floats and I'm making beef fajitas , chicken fajitas , and sausage . Topped with a massive fireworks send off . 
After watching < PROPFIRST > Leno recently I am perplexed by the people's responce to simple questions about our freedom . Most didn't know that we were fighting England and the answers got worst from then on . Americans should know their history and how presious their freedom is . 
I'm for Arizona mimigration law and I think that the Oboma administration should keep their noses out of any State's law . This doesn't affect U.S. citizens , it affects illegal emegrents that are breaking the law by being here . I say go Arizona , I'll support you . 
and yes I know I misspelled imigratents ! 
We spend 113 BILLION on illegal imigrants , I could think of better ways to spend that money . 
We need to procescute black on white crime , just like we should procescute white on black crime !!!!! 
Me and the boys watching big trouble in little < PROPFEMALE > . 
kalebs birthday is 5 days away 
< PROPFIRST > , figures and math , still doing estimates and have taken on some more estimates today and I will have to go look at it tomorrow . My brain is slush , but I must go on . 
Got an engineering disaster on my hands , There is a section of land moving away from where it was and head down a clift , any body got an idea on how to save it ? 
Doing estimates and listening to my awsome CD called Father . 
working on a roof repair today and tomorrow , Then doing bulkhead repairs next week . Boys are at camp and we are praying for the Lord to touch them greatly . Be praying for me , I need some ideas on how to fix a fissure in the ground . 
Yesterday was a little slow getting the wood rot repaired Hope today is better . Got most of the roof felted and got a lot of the wood strips on for the metal roof and as soon as I get one area fixed then it should fly . Picked up two more jobs yesterday too . 
Worked 13 hrs yesterday and finally got the roof dried in and fixed all the rotten spots on the decking of the roof . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > did really well . < PROPFEMALE > was a real trooper . Boys come home from camp today . The quiet we have had has been nice , but that is all about to change . My fingers and body are sore I need a day at the spa and the chiropractor . 
To boycott anyone or group that boycotts Arizona ! 
It's time to tell Big Government that the well has run dry and that they have to live like everyone else does . No special pension plans , no retirement , no big bloated pork bills , no special health insurance , no automatic pay raises and you have to live within your means . Put money back and pay down the debt we owe . 
Doing estimates and watching alien vs preditor . 
I'm making dinner and for tonite we are having Texas meat loaf : you start out with 2lbs of meat very < PROPFEMALE > , add 3 eggs , half an sweet onion chopped , cup and a half oat meal , herbs and spices and finally a cup of picante sauce . cook till done the way you like it . Also baked potatoes in < PROPFEMALE > oil , butter , sweet onion , herbs and spices . no picante sauce , but throw in some jalapanos . Yep slap your Moma good . 
don't forget to mix all the meat loaf ingredance together . 
wet willies for everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
work and getting work 
Thankfully the rain held off long enough to get the backfill done on the bulkhead and thanks to my son inlaw for his help . 
To day started out slow and then while drilling a hole in a concrete bulkhead I burned up a brand new < PROPFEMALE > grinder . So I called it a day after I burnt up the second grinder , and went shopping at HD for a bigger grinder and a really heavy duty cord . We'll see how that works . 
Why doesn't Texas follow Arizona's lead and tell Obana and the feds to take a hike ? I'm not predjudus , but there is a right way to come here and a wrong way . Let's not punish the people who have come here the right way . 
Tonites dinner is < PROPMALE > crusted black drum with Jalepeno grilled potatoes , and maybe some asperagus grilled in < PROPFEMALE > oil . Now that's what I'm talking about . 
electricity went out at 10 am saturday and didn't come back on until 1230 am sunday morn . It was 104 degrees yesterday with no a/c , no tv ( well I did hook up the genarator for tv and fans and went over to dad's and hooked up his genarator so he had some lights and water . The sub station went down and they had to bring in a mobile substation . 
Will I ever get this job done and finish my estimates ? I need some friends to pray for me ! Got some big jobs estimates I'm working on and need some wisdom . Thanks to those who pray for me . 
This monday sucked ! but I found out that the cars rear tires were bad , so I had to replace them and will have to have it alined and I just put new tires on the front . The dog hurt his vertibrate in his neck and is on lite duty for a week and the new tool I waited a week for so I can finish the job I'm on broke . I did find someone who may have a tool I can use . 
Thank you for your prayers , and I know that God is working for me . Thank you Jesus . 
Looking forward to a better day . 
I just heard that Obama had a birthday , My thought is how would we know we haven't even seen a birth certificate ! No one can produce one . Get out and vote people . 
Yesterday went pretty well I am praying that today goes better with the drilling and installation of the weep filters . 
Have six more holes to drill in the bulkhead , but have to wait for new drill bit to come in . Will have to reschedule jobs for next week . 
Spent yesterday with friends ridinging in their boat pulling the kids in the tube , then they bbq and we ate , it was a really great day . All I had to do was show up which is kinda strange since I'm the one who usually does the cooking . Kinda liked not having to do anything . 
Church was awsome today , we had a great sermon and the Pastor touched on some things I hadn't thought of and he made some good points about being complacent in your life and have the hunger for God . 
Looking for our lost dog , could use ur prayers that he return home soon . 
Praise God the dog got loose and finally came home . Tractor died it and I need prayer . 
The job is finally done and I am ready for the next 2 jobs and then the big job . Got the tractor running and everything is good on God's planet . 
going to sleep since < PROPFIRST > has won the game . 
Sound like the old cowboys have the game won and then lose it in the last five minutes of the game . 
Hope today is an easy day other than having to write checks . I love friday the thirteenth it's my favorite days . 
Yesterday took < PROPFEMALE > and the boys to town , brought 12 tomatoe plants , took Kaleb to football try outs/physical . lunched at < PROPFIRST>'s deli , went to MOODYS meats ( yum ) having Kabbobs tonite . Got the boys shoe's and kalebs football shoes , kaleb a camo belt with deer head medalions , and back packs , and hair cuts for boys . Back packs and hair cuts are exspensive , and so are the rest of it . Except the tomatoes were $5 . 
I would like to weigh in on the Cali debate , I don't hate Ca and I don't think the state is full of gays . I think the state is just peachy , it has good qualities and one of my favorite preachers < PROPFIRST > Price . Texas on the other hand had fought for it's own freedom and gained it's independance from Mexico . Not to sure about CA , maybe someone can fill that in . I love Texas and I have friends far and wide cont .. 
I enjoy where ever I'm at . My friend < PROPMALE > lives in NH and has always treated me like family and I really appreciated getting to visit . All I'm sayin is focus on the good things of where your at , you only go around once . Now about gay marriage , I know what God says and that is enough for me , it's not normal and isn't going to be normal no matter how the gays put it . You want to be gay then be gay . cont 
I'll pray for you , but don't try to tell me it's normal or something else it ain't happen here 
I'm praying that we elect Godly men and women into public office . I pray that we can undo the wacko federal judges rulings and get them out of office . I pray that rightousnous prevails in judicial rulings . 
I miss < PROPFIRST > W . Bush . and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
It's gona be 106 degrees today here in < PROPFEMALE > south texas so stay highdrated my friends 
Hot 
Only 1 in 5 americans believe Obama is musluim ? Does the other 4 need a brick to fall out of the sky and hit them in the head . 
Yesterday evening the dogs were barking that particular bark that says somethings wrong , so I grabbed the 410 shot gun and two shells ( not enough by the way needed more ) and found a rattle snake in the dogs yard that had pinned himself up under a railroad tie , I could only see part of him and may not had seen him at all if he hadn't rattled . He was a fat 3 ' long and doesn't have a head anymore . 
Kids 2nd day at school and football practice every day for the next two weeks . Band on mondays nights and homework . wuhooo . Got a < PROPMALE > job going on too . 
still waiting for the excavator so I can do the job . Please pray for the equipment to come in . 
I just learned that our state department is going to spend 600 million dollars in some other countrys to build Mousques , don't they think that maybe that money could be spent right here or maybe spent to pay down the debt or frigggin tax relief . I'm so tired of Big government spending money like a drunkin sailor in a whore house !!!!!!! 
Grilled fajitas , onions , corn and peace and quiet and the TV all to my self . 
where is the off button for the kids ? 
I have watched the Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > stories and find that there are two sets of people , the first set got off their ass and started cleaning up and rebuilding and most found a deeper relationship with God . The second has bitched and complained about their situation , but never got off their ass to do anything . Who do you feel like helping ? 
Hurricane force winds , driving rain , downed tree , power lines , blow out bulkheads , waves 3 foot or better on the lake . finally got power back at 9:45 pm thirteen hrs with out power . At least I still have a roof on the house . 
Kalebs football team the Oregan Ducks beat sinton pirates 27 to 7 and Kaleb tackled the Quarterback just before he could trow the ball . Kaleb played outstanding . 
It was hot as hades today , no wind , few clouds and you just can't get enough water . Will be done with my job tommorrow . 
cut down two trees from the last storm that had fallen , the fun really hasn't started until I get a big scrape down the back side of my leg . Over a foot long too . 
Kalebs Team the Ducks went on to win against the Sinton Pirates 27-0 . Kaleb got pushed around a little bit , but did pretty good at saftey by making several tackles at that position . The team seamed a little slugish to me . < PROPFEMALE > played in the band at OG loseing battle to be called a football team . The team sucks ( coach issues)and the band is awsome , I expect < PROPFEMALE > to be in Honors band again . 
Pulling up wood flooring today to find out why the floor is sagging and has a lot of give . Kaleb and I will be bird hunting Saturday . 
Job is done and now working on estimates and getting ready to build a pier before it gets cold . 
Gettin ready to go dove hunting with Dad and my son Kaleb . 
Kaleb and I had a great time at the ranch only shot two dove , but got to spend time with < PROPFIRST > and his two boys and < PROPMALE > and Dad . Kaleb , Kaleb and < PROPFIRST > had a good time hanging out . 
Kalebs Team the Oregon Ducks won again 51 to 6 . The game was pretty much over by the 1st quarter at 30 to 0 . Kaleb made multiple tackles from the nose guard position and defensive end position . The team played awsome just a joy to watch . Way to go ducks 
Just Picked up < PROPFEMALE > and she told me they got 1 at the UIL band thingie and the are going to area competion and maybe state Really WTG OG band . 
To all my FB friends I have been cooking a big pot of beef vegetable soup , all day long , simmering and the smell is sifting thru out the house . For those of you who know me and just how good I cook , it will be awsome , if only I had some yeast rolls ! and < PROPFEMALE > butter . 
Installed new kitchen faucet and repaired the dishwasher in my house , < PROPFEMALE > is now a happy camper at least for the moment . It always amazes me how fast a house can go into disrepair . 
Down to just five dogs the 1/2 dog Fast < PROPFIRST > got snake bit and died during the nite . He came to us after someone dumped him and he had a good life here chasing squirrels and basicly bouncing all over the yard like a kangaroo . He will be missed . 
Went to give blood at the VA , then to sun harvest got some Jalapeno cheese block bread to go with the boston pork butt roast I'm going to rotisserie tomorrow . Then I stopped by and VOTED early and in just a minute I'm taking < PROPFEMALE > to school for band and football game in Robstown . The Cotton pickers are going to slaughter us . Kaleb has a night game in San < PROPMALE > , That's Tx not Ca . Will keep you updated . 
Just got a text that Kalebs game was called off due to the other team forfitting the game , I was so looking forward to seeing Kaleb play . We beat them pretty bad last timed we played them and I was hoping for a better game from them this time . 
Whooohoooo Navy beat the snot out of ND . What the heck happened to Texas ? 
Pray for the OG band they are at UIL area regional , if they score high enough they will go to state . They are good enough to go . 
What a game day yesterday was TCU beat Airforce , Mizzou beat Oklahoma , Navy beat ND , Auburn beat LSU , Can any body tell me why I don't hear anything about TCU , but theres all this discussion about Boise ? I think Oregon will go to #1 in BCS and Auburn should jump to #2 , they have tough schedules , but TCU schedule up coming isn't a cake walk either . Any insight would be helpful . 
Gettin ready for church and then chores after church ! 
Kaleb's team the Oregon Ducks won again on saturday against the Islander Pirates 3 0-0 The team did great and the Pirates played alot better this time . 
Singing Christmas songs 
Went to P F Changs for the first time and it was pretty good . 
Semper Fi to my other Navy brothers . 
I miss < PROPFIRST > W . Bush . 
Going to check my eye lids for pin holes . 
TCU romps over Utah , what a game . LSU over bama . Lots of close games out there today . 
The BCS is going to be all mixed up . 
I watch the interview with G . W . Bush , I really liked it and makes me miss him all the more , better than the non American born president we have now . 
To my fellow Veterans a big thank you for your service to our Country . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > sing Christmas songs and getting ready to cook breakfast , Peppered bacon , toast and scrambled eggs with cheese on top and picante sauce for everyone . For you folks up north thats Pic can tee and it's hot . 
Adjustment to the proper enuciation of picante is pi-con-tee , don't want ya to come down and sound funny on my account ! ;{ - 
Kaleb's team the Oregon Ducks play their playoff game last night at 2100 hrs(yes you saw that right the game started at 9 pm ) . The Ducks took the 1st kick off down for a touchdown . We played the Islander Pirates , they have gotten better as the season has gone on . Final score was Ducks 42 and Pirates 7 . Next weekend Super Bowl against the Sinton Pirates . Go Ducks ! 
Getting massages today and then something new in eating at Japanese rest . never eaten Japanese or had a professional massage . 
Got my first professional massage , man that was great , I could do it every day if I had the money to afford it . 
Kaleb's last football game is today . It is the super bowl of the league , we will be playing Sinton Pirates and they will be looking for some pay back . We have beat them twice and I know they are a tough team . They have only lost to us so it should be a good game . A little sad that the season is ending I really like the Coach and his style of coaching , Kaleb has learned a lot this year . 
Back from the Super bowl of youth football league . Kaleb's team the Oregon Ducks scored 23 points in the first half and 0 points in the last half the final score of the game 23 to 0 Sinton finally got a grip on defense by the half . After football we went to Railroad seafood station and had mesquite grilled snapper , jumbo shrimp , fried oysters and avacado salad it was awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > got back from a youth conference in San Antonino where she had an awesome time and spent lots of money 
25.5 pound turkey , dressing , sweet potato casarole , green bean casarole , gravy , rolls , ham , salad , three pumpkin pies , two < PROPFEMALE > pies , one apple pie , and grandma lime green jello . Yep there about 20 pounds to work off . 
Hope you all have a happy Thanksgiving and are thankful for what you have and remember our service men and women in your prayers . You all mean a lot to me and I'm thankful for each and everyone of my friends and family . 
Just a reminder to all my Army friends , Dec 12th is coming up soon go NAVY ! 
Correction for my Army friends that is dec 11th the celebration will be on the 12th . Go Navy beat Army . 
It hit freezing last night , watching a loon diving underwater , while drinking my coffee , steam rising on the water . Temps are going back up mid 70's . I love S . Texas weather . 
Kaleb went to the specialist for his feet and found out he too has two fractured secimoids bones just like < PROPFEMALE > had , hopefully he won't have surgery . He is on restricted movement . 
Thankful for God's blessing's and the LOVE He has shown me . 
Who would think that we would be wearing shorts and tee shirts in dec . Hi today < PROPFEMALE > was over 80 . Drinking Ice tea . 
If you an atheist JESUS still loves you and died for you and I'm sorry if you are offended , but I think we can put on our big people pants and get along and don't be offended by something you don't believe in any way . 
Looks like the Dems still don't get that the American people want them to lower taxes and payoff the debt after they voted down the Bush tax cuts . 
brought the tree and trimmed the tree and secured in tree stand , my job is done . Now I'm watching Oregon , Oregon state game should be a good one . 
Have the A/C on in Dec and no signs of snow or cold weather , I feel for you folks up north ! 
Watching Navy beat Army . 
Navy won over Army , We are happy campers 
I'm thankful for the gift of Jesus , the life the Lord has given me and his watchful eye over me and my family and friends . Thank you Lord for all you do for me . Your son Tolson 
Been working on a roof job for two weeks and my body hurts and is sore . 
This morning < PROPFEMALE > is building a fire and I'm FB and I know some of you are wondering why I'm not building the fire ? Cause < PROPFEMALE > likes to build the fire . 
85 degrees and the A/C still on and it's two day till Christmas . Still in shorts . 
Went to town for the ribeye roast and < PROPFEMALE>'s phone and < PROPFEMALE>'s list of stuff , man I hate going to town and dealing with the crowds and it was crowded everywhere I went . I hope you all have a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a very Blessed New Year 
Cold front coming tonite 
Freeze for tonight find someone to snuggle with . 
Leaving today to go hunting . I may be back Saturday or Sunday depends on what I shoot and when I shoot it . 
Here it is < PROPFIRST > 6th and we are still working in shorts and tee shirts , what a blessing that is . May turn cold next week though . Happy to be working . 
Artic blast coming to South Texas calling for our hi to be in the low fortys , oh how we have suffered so far and to be put through more missery with the artic blast . Pray for us my snow bound friends that the shorts weather that I love so much will return . Suffering in South Texas . 
Going to make beef vegetable soup in the morning and let it slow cook all day long . I love my soup especially on a Arctic blast day . 
Sad about the Oregon loss , but TCU still did great and FSU won their game . 
Hi today 42 degrees and the beef veggie soup was great and early to bed maybe . 
Today is my 17th wedding anniversery 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > out on the town for our anniversery , going to try out Nikos for the first time and take in a movie . 
I wish my job was done and it looked great 
Got a little over half of one side metal roofed on a steep A frame roof . Looks Good 
Half of the roof is done , now on to the easy side of the roof . 
Time to do the taxes for us self employed . =o 
Well something is going on it was 80 degrees today and warm next two days , and bamm snow coming on thursday ????????? What is happening Hell freezin over ? I hope you all pray for us warm blooded Texans . 
Five more sheets and my roof will be done , and some trim work , No work on Thursday due too snow and Ice , unless emergency plumbing comes up . 
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire , < PROPFIRST > frost nippin at my nose . 
Have to leave warm home to go to Corpus , hope the roads stay good tonight . 
The day off so I can work on estimates yea . May till the gardens this afternoon . 
The wings are gone and the chicken fajita is gone and the Packers are up 28 to 17 , I'm full and ready for the game to be over with and go to sleep . 
Fire in the fire place and coffee in my cup , all settled in for a long winter nap . 
Finished the A frame metal roof , weather finally has broken and warm weather on the horizon , mid 70's the rest of the week . 
Picked up another metal roof job last nite , they are starting to line up . Would like to do some pier jobs this summer and finish my pier . 
Tired , Tilled the big garden and two of the smaller gardens , cut up seven medium sized trees . Repaired the tiller and fixed the chain saw , cooked a boston pork butt roast on the rotisserie , went and looked at another job and this is the first time I've been on facebook today . 
mesquite grill asparagus , spinach pasta , salad and chicken fajitas . yummmie . 
Raspie throat , congestion , feel like I was run over by a train . hhhhuuuummmm what could it be ? Better be well tomorrow I have things to do to get ready for monday and the rest of the week is packed , not sure how we will get it all done . 
Feel better today , still have congestion and cough , but I feel better , now to get stuff done today that was on yesterdays list of things to do . 
I need to be split into three of me and add an extra crew . Jobs are coming to fast and doubling up , yes I know I shouldn't complain cause some where down the line it may slow down , but I hope not . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s new kitchen sign will say \No butt scratchin in the Kitchen \"" 
Back from the Ranch Kaleb had a great time with the cousins , I had a great time with < PROPFIRST > and watching the boys be boys . Killed 6 water moccasins , one of which was about to bite Kaleb , good thing he saw it before he stepped on it . It's move to another world . Saw two pigs but couldn't get a good shot at then . Back to work almost finished with the roof . 
Does anyone else Know who has the worlds largest army ? 
was at the store and saw some yellow tulips , decided < PROPFEMALE > could use them to brighten her day . 
going to be planting my garden today and finish tilling the garden today . I love tomatoes from my garden . I am also planting , lemon squash , scallop squash , corn , watermelon , and two pole beans . Going to try the Indian way of planting three seeds together and see how it works . 
The day is over and tomorrow is full , < PROPFEMALE > has a concert at school tomorrow nite and friday is full and sat is full and we are off most of sunday . 
Got full day tomorrow hanging hardie soffit off of ladders and ladder jacks . 
Did soffit job yesterday for Lakeview Baptist church and was feed fresh fried catfish , with all the fixins and < PROPMALE > chocolate cake . UmmmmUmmm good . I am a little sore today . < PROPFEMALE > ( one of my beautiful daughters ) was a great help and worked a long day , I'm really proud of her . 
Garden is growing , and that is a good thing since the kids are eating me out of house and home . The boys seam to be hungry all the dang time . < PROPFEMALE > wonders why they have to eat at all ! LOL 
Orange Grove Honors Band went to UIL today and got one for their grade . The three songs they did were very difficult and they had five minutes to learn a song that they have never seen or heard . One is the best grade you can get and they scored for all the songs . 
Rotisserie pork roast , Ranch style beans , corn and strawberries . 
Friday nite and nothing to eat , all the employees are paid though . 
Sitting at the dinning room table having a cup of coffee and looking at the front yard , when what do I see , but a female turkey strutting around in my front yard . The dogs are asleep and < PROPFIRST > the cat isn't around so she is safe for the moment . Nice to see wild life in the front yard . 
Have a boat load of work to get done this week , a prayer or two would help . 
