Is still planning to update photos ... eventually 

Doesn't want to work !!! 
Friday !!!! 
is procrastinating again !!!! 
is tired . 
Desperately needs to go swimming this week(but DEFINITELY not earlier than 10am ) 
can't skype until ethernet is fixed :( 
Slept for 2+1/2 hours ! :D :D :D 
Cannot skype until ethernet is fixed in a week 
Has ethernet !!!! 
Doesn't actually have ethernet cus ethernet is actually still broken . Must fix >:( 
Thanks to everyone for the great bday and bday wishes !! :D 
loves snow days !! Must be 2 ft of snow and counting :D 
Wow I cannot survive without 9 inch nails ! 
Just played N64 legit :D 
Back from J-tree with many bruises and good memories 
Got 2 on room draw ! :D :D 
is in the mood for Chevelle and Deftones and Nine Inch Nails ... I watched you change ... into a FLY XD 
< PROPFEMALE > Boxwala is a SWEEEET P 
Coffee's my poison tonight ... long night ahead 
Colour should be spelt with a u ! 
I think tomorrow should be international sleep day 
Fire alarm at 3am ! So much fun , I just love it when the fire alarm goes off two nights in a row . At least I was still awake 
3am and am hysterical , insane , hyperactive , and hallucinating , must be the < PROPMALE > effect . 
I miss pandan cake ! 
Leaving tmoro to see my mummy :) 
Starting work today ... 
Aussies took a beating 4-0 :( 
Switzerland 1 , Spain 0 Amazing match ! 
Lightning storm tonight . Beautiful . Make me miss Singapore tho ... 
The end for U.S. , but Ghana keeping Africa alive , way to go ! 
is going to do some < PROPMALE > . Really soon .. promise 
ADT will be here in 3 days :D 
Happy International GracMar Day Everyone !! 
Uruguay vs . Germany ! What a match , almost foiled < PROPFIRST > the octopus 
Up at 5am after a late night ... I need to paint 
Vermont is so beautiful in the summer ! why can't it be like this all year round ? 
Mound of Peanut Butter + < PROPFEMALE > Oil + Tamarind concentrate + Soy Sauce + Ground Chili = < PROPFIRST>'s Special Interesting Peanut Sauce !! 
Good food = I love my life :D 
Anyone want to borrow my fridge for the year ? I already have one in my suite . 
Have lost my phone for anyone trying to contact me 
Found cell phone ! And got 4 packs of TimTams and Mega pack of weetbix !! I'm in heaven :D 
Guava paste with cream cheese on cracker ... happiness 
Orgo don't kill me !! 
I like it in my closet 
3am ... how am I still awake ? 
in Boston !!! 
First snow at Middlebury ... here comes winter :( 
Ridiculous facebook quizzes make it so easy to procrastinate :D 
Angry and listening to Bucketheadland , possibly a bad idea ... 
Isn't it wonderful when bannerweb crashes ? :( 
Ra Ra Rasputin\ 
Lover of the Russian queen\ 
There was a cat that really was gone\ 
Ra Ra Rasputin \ 
Russia's greatest love machine\ 
It was a shame how he carried oooooon ... 
Goodbye Orgo Muahahaahahahaha >:D At least for now ... 
Learned to surf ! How epic is that ? 
Goodbye sydney ... goodbye summer and ocean :( 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes everyone !! 
Trudged through 2-3ft of snow at 7:30 am because middlebury college never cancels classes 
