I have no good pictures on my computer . 

I have a ML game at 11:15 ! 
Hi guys ! Makin dinner my house smells like garlic . No vampiers here tonight . 
as if < PROPFEMALE > lol thanks though 
hi < PROPFIRST > 
Loging off see yall tm . 
Hi 
Piano in a few if i do good my teach will give me a new piecw i have been wanting Its the JBs song Fly With Me only picked it cause it has good piano in it , not an OJF 
I was coming home from piano and we passed a guy walking and holding bagpipes 
Golf conference tm have to be at school at 6:20 
adding pics from today 
I got a 167 at conference today , we got ice cream after(the creamery , yum ! ) , we also had some intresting conversations , want to sleep forever 
Yes I AM GOING 
what ever i dont care 
It's my moms b-day and my bff < PROPFEMALE>'s b-day too ! 
Text me 
Seeing an orthapedic today for my ankle , it hrting today 
some of you saw me today . got a soft cast , its neon green . and this boot thing 
boared text me 
tired 
whatever that first impressions thin is do it for me !!!! 
Alright i have a mission . I am a part of a group called miracle league we help kids with special needs , of different ages , play baseball . This is for baseball players and non players . Its fun and super rewarding , plus you get hours . Contact me if you want more info or want to join . 
Leave the first impression you had of me from when we first met . It doesn't matter if it was good or bad . Don't send a message , leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this in your notes , tag as many people as you can , and see how many people leave their first impression of you . It's actually pretty cool ( and funny ) to see the responses . 
whats up everyone 
hey guys how is the game couldnt go :( 
just got my hair cut 
hyper 
watching KT Tunstile 
under this national rain cloud ............... 
all the people Living life in peace You may say that I'm a dreamer But I'm not the only one I hope someday you'll join us And the world will be as one 
So , I watched a documentry called Food Inc . last night and it started a wheel in my head That wheel is now a crusade Some of you might oppose this but I think we should have healthier opptions for school lunches Post and tell me what you think 
woke up at normall time . realized we have a delayed start today and tm . feeling very stupid . we go out 1:45 < PROPFEMALE > later right 
omg i got a sodastreem(Rellllly wanted it ) a flip video camera and tons of other stuff post what you got probably wont comment for a long time , going to grandmas for xmas !!!! 
I said stop laughing , thats all , now everyone is ignoring me , very mature everyone 
name calling , seriously are we in 2nd grade , again very mature everyone 
OMG ! People , can you stop , so i defended someone , i have guts and am nice , so < PROPFEMALE > me , back of , or i will become phsyco all over again !!!!!!!!!! 
Totally awsome day !!!! YES !!! 
today was a delayed stat , i barley have any school this week , cant wait to see you 
ok , so i changed computers , on itunes is there anyone know if its possible to get the songs i bought on my new laptop , if so you will be my savior ! 
Everyone needs to come to the talent show/ Mr. and Ms. Pheonix show , if you love me , lol , jk i wont hate you if you dont come , except for < PROPFIRST > , she has to come 
Thankyou everyone 
GOING INSANE , its my friends i swear , they drive me to insanity ... mabey its cuz they are insane too 
You know finals are coming when people cringe at the word almost done , and say under their breath , if finals dont kill me . Gol 
I hate studying , quizing yourself , i feel stupid 
Whats a song that changes your life ? 
I LOVE TALKING TO FRIENDS I HAVENT SEEN IN FOREVER ! (OOPS CAPS LOCK IS ON ) 
4-2 ... need i say more 
ML game at 11:05 
My pkemon bring all the nerds to the yard and there like do you wanna trade cards and im like darn right i wanna trade cards ill trade this but not me charizard .. remember when pokemon was a big deal 
Going to my besties recital at 6:30 at east , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , i know youll do amazing 
Just got back from my besties recital , they wer amazing as predicted . i called my house in the middle of dinner with them to find out the score they had the lead 5-4 and now they lost it , but they will get it back 
6-5 hawks 
Going to Ravenia today and seeing < PROPFEMALE > crow and colbie caillat 
Well , having a minor meltdown ... summer school finished on wens ., that took one thing off , then i got home at 12 in the afternoon and started cleaning , i didnt get far because I then went to the Library , 
Today I finished cleaning which took until around 5 and then started packing for florida , I have seperation problems with my clothes . TM i have to actually pack , get my < PROPFEMALE > on together , get my ticket , go swim suit shopping(AHHHHH ... last < PROPFEMALE > . things ) and get my nails done , and re clean my rom which has magically turned into a disaster zone ... again 
I'm in Florida , I've been relaxing so I havent possted in a couple of days . I love Florida , and guess what , the day that I came down they named a tropical storm < PROPFIRST > , it's becoming a hurricane 
Does anyone have a friend or family member in the K&R(kidnap and ransom ) business\ 
if you do i owe you my sanity , please contact me 
So I got a new phone . Hold for the number . 
New number is 7088217624 
Learning abou phone and going to a concert later . 
On way to < PROPFIRST > Lindell concert , everyone else is going to the < PROPMALE > paisley one though 
Invan antique shop , some neat stuff 
Cleaning the house , I highly dislike being home right now . 
Hangin with < PROPFIRST > win if she can find my house :) 
In the food court at target watching a guy eat a whole rotisery chicken 
Thinking about starting a jewlary business comments , intrest , ideas for a name 
At my moms work , I thought I wouldn't have fun but I am hanging out with one of the teachers 4 year old so amazingly cute 
forgot my gym locker combo and am trying to figure it out , :( it may take some time 
Pudding Cups , just saying it makes you smile 
At the fest 
My mom spilt lemon oil on my arm I love the smell of lemon but the saying too much of a good thing comes to mind 
Going back to the fest with one of my besties 
I am at the moment eatinf a pork tenderloin bigger than my head , onion rings were th onion doesn't fall out after the first bite , < PROPMALE > n cheese wedges and a root 
Rootbeer that tastes like a ice cream float 
yes you squashed cabbage leaf .... best line on earth but then again later there is you should be stuffed with nails ... i love that < PROPFEMALE > hepburn can be so amazing no matter what 
At my first speech meet , I love speechies 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Driving through the mts . In the snow , can you say b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l 
President < PROPMALE > ws invited to come to Fort Sumter to celebrate the Union's taking over the fort . He was advised not to go , sine it was in the south and might 
Be dangerous besides he had tickets to the Ford theater 
Lesson learned , a change in plans can be quite helpful 
I love speech team meets , they make the world smile . 
My mom has tomorrow off , hoping it's the same for us . 
Behind the scenes with Saturday Night Live , is kinda amazing ....... 
I'm shaving my head tomorrow !!!!!!! 
I'm Bald\ 
I'm Bald !!!! 
so ive been asked this a lot already , no i'm not going to twirp , not because i'm bald , but because i just dont want to and i had plans to < PROPFEMALE > with friends already 
When i see your smile tears roll down my face i cant replace and now im stronger ive figured out how this world turn cold and breaks through my soul and i know deep inside me i can be the one ..... 
Squectangle the best shape 
Oh my , I just learned the song sami played on criminal minds , I love that I play piano suddenly 
Go to your profile . The top five friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Dunn , Michaella Johnston , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Pettet . I think we would be amazing team ! Well ... maybe not .... 
If you love me , comment on this status . If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . If you've ever had a crush on me , poke me . If you hate me , message me and tell me why . If you're not scared , post this as your status 
this has been a very very akward day ...... karma must LOVE me today 
I give up . I'm going to stop trying to control , because it doesn't work . I'm going to let the world do as it may from now on , it'll save me pain and heartache . 
The sould would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Cheney 
Helping in the Dark Room at east tm , come visit me if you are there ..... 
Oh boy ..... this day has just been weird ....... but good .... in a very very weird way .. yeah . I had a lady ask me if I wanted her to make me a wig . I had no idea how to respond ... 
I WON THE SPAMMING WAR !!!!! 
