feels like she's eaten enough brownies to last a lifetime ... 

We just got two new hamsters . We haven't named them yet ( although I've suggested < PROPFIRST > for one of them ) 
at Grandma and Grandpa Ahls ' house right now 
just had my first karate class . I am now an official white belt . Fear me , all who dare to attack me ! Just attack slowly . 
Ugh , we just had to WALK all the way home from the bowling alley because < PROPMALE > locked the keys in the car >:-( 
Happy 4th of July ! 
going to the Rosenau's for girls ' night soon 
just got home from Indiana Beach ( actually I got home a while ago , just had to wait for the computer to open up ) 
I don't like it when < PROPMALE > drives 
< PROPMALE>'s on the mission trip , < PROPMALE>'s in Idaho , and < PROPFIRST>'s at camp . No brothers for the next four days !!! :-D 
spent the morning at 4-H Creative Dramatics . I gave out the blue ribbons :-) 
feeling sick :-P 
just finished my semi-annual room-cleaning ! 
about to go to the fair 
Back from camp ! 
is Facebooking 
1 day , 10 hours , and 12 minutes til school starts . But , who's counting ? 
We just got two Shamwows ! They don't work quite as well as advertised , but they're still fun ! 
back from my first day of high school 
Auditioning for the school play today . Wish me luck ! 
got the part of < PROPFEMALE > in El Phantismo 
Back from marching band . My feet are sooo tired . 
The marching band rocked tonight ! 
went to Mammoth Cave yesterday 
back from IU band day . Very tired , they shouldn't make us get up that early . 
sick :-P 
The football team lost . All the band geeks were disappointed :-( 
Happy National Pirate Day ! 
Be sure to catch SHS's production of El Phantismo -- Saturday at 7:30 and Sunday at 2:30 in the SHS auditorium 
Marching in the Oktoberfest parade today ! 
SOAKED from marching in the rain ! 
\Burning < PROPFEMALE > to be or do something gives us staying power - a reason to get up every morning or to pick ourselves up and start in again after a disappointment . \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > Sinetar " 
Learned how to work the lights today . So many buttons , and I'm only allowed to touch a few of them . Sigh ... 
\Success is the result of countless failures you've done in order to attain it . \"-- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > A . Corrales " 
Goats have interesting appetites . ' Nuff said . 
Game plan tonight : Get home , go to piano lessons , go back home , go back over to school , march with the marching band , go straight to South Pacific rehearsal , go to the box that controls all the lights and stay there for four hours , get home , go straight to sleep out of exhaustion . 
has just updated her status 
Yesterday's performance of South Pacific was a success ! Hope for the same tonight ! 
School again tomorrow :-( I desperately need a vacation 
thinks that the Inca tribe were a very boring people not worth doing a World History project on 
Finally Friday ! 
going to see < PROPFEMALE>'s \Once Upon A Mattress\ " tonight " 
15 yrs old today ! 
The weekend ! :-D 
had a great time at the International Festival today 
going to pep band in a couple hours . BAND GEEKS SHALL RULE THE WORLD !!! 
Random is originality , and originality is < PROPMALE > . 
working at the Camp Lakeview Dinner Auction tonight 
is tired , and should be going to sleep , but doesn't really want to 
Alle Angestellten müssen ihre Hände vor dem Zurückbringen waschen , um zu arbeiten . 
You know , when I'm out of the house and have a family of my own , our Thanksgiving dinner's going to be a cookout , and the kids can leave the house as messy as they want ; relatives don't actaully care about house neatness , no matter what my mom says . 
saw Old Dogs last night . Hilarious movie ! 
got a solo in choir ! Now I just need to figure out how to get over my stage fright ... 
Band concert tonight 
is tired , and wishes she could sleep in tomorrow , but since Beka and < PROPFIRST > have friends over , that's out of the question . 
is going to have a busy week . Piano recital and church practice today , then play auditions on Monday , bit of extra choir practice on tuesday , concert on wednesday ... 
Auditioning for the school play tomorrow . Wish me luck ! 
Choir concert tonight 
Congrats to everyone who competed in SMS's MathCounts contest this morning . 
would probably really enjoy < PROPMALE > Caesar if we didn't have all the homework to go with it . 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia : the fear of long words 
I've always wanted to see the movie \Titanic\ " . Did you know that there is not a single website on the entire internet that has the movie ? " 
Stupid snow , why won't you stick ? 
Does anyone know what the \Scroll Lock\ " key does ? " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
is heading up to Chicago 
is hanging with Steph ! 
yep and we are having a blast stalking people on facebook you know who you are !!!! 
saw Sherlock Holmes last night . Awesome movie ! 
I spent the day thinking that today was New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . Then Mom told me about a New Year's < PROPFEMALE > party we were going to tomorrow . It confused me . What day is it ? 
Mom , PLEASE buy a new mouse for our computer ! 
feels lonely 
Really wishing we could get that virus out of our computer . 
Our public library really needs more computers . 
Our computer's fixed ! 
Where was I when the shooting started ? 
Do you ever have a sudden inexplicable < PROPFEMALE > to learn an obscure foreign language ? 
Got a new part for band solo & ensemble . Good thing , too , I think I would have gone deaf playing some of the notes on the part I had before . 
School tomorrow :-( 
You know , Thursday seems like a pretty good day to end the school week ... 
A train station is where the train stops , and a bus station is where the bus stops . On this desk , I have a workstation . 
Still disappointed that advanced band doesn't get to do any < PROPFIRST > music :-( 
dislikes DBQs 
Going to see < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow 
had fun on the field trip today . And at rehearsal . 
Wish me luck for my Ensemble today ! 
I wish I could explain the concept of a vacuum cleaner to my dog . 
Life should be more like a rock opera 
I love you , Friday 
Waiting for the Super Bowl to go to commercial break ... 
can't stop listening to the Jesus Christ Superstar soundtrack 
K , so my dad comes out of my room holding a dead mouse by its tail . First he asks me if I'd like to play with it , then he starts trying to play catch with the mousetraps ....? 
\Where do we start with a man who is bigger than < PROPFIRST > was when < PROPFIRST > did his baptism thing ? \"" 
had a great time at work session today ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day <3 
You know , there's a point where you get kind of sick of snow days ... 
This was the only day this week that I didn't get to sleep in . I am tired . 
Loves Facebook in Pirate language 
Then said Jesus unto his disciples , If any man will come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me . < PROPFIRST > 16:24 
We have only one < PROPFEMALE > ! 
There's a ghost in the heat lamp ! 
is completely exhausted from nursery today 
Past the point of no return , the final threshold ; what warm unspoken secrets will we learn ? 
Pops concert tonight ! 
saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . Loved it , very fun movie ! 
It's so hot out ! Wasn't it just , like , two weeks ago when we are all sick and tired of snow ? 
SPRING BREAK !!! 
Happy Pi Day ! 
It amazes me how many people are still available to chat at one in the morning 
burned her entire hand removing a pizza from the oven last night . It's somewhat better now . 
is moving to Oklahoma 
is not actually moving to Oklahoma , although I'm sure it is a very nice state . I apologize for any confusions :-) 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
Salve < PROPFEMALE > mater misericordiae < PROPFEMALE > dulcedo et spes nostra Salve salve < PROPFEMALE > Ad te clamamus exules filii < PROPFEMALE > Ad te suspiramus gementes et flentes O clemens o < PROPFEMALE > 
Journey to the Cross at Peace tonight , then going to Mr. SHS 
My palm branch broke in half right at the beginning of the church service . Sort of put a damper on my Palm Sunday . Hosanna ! 
had an epic time at Winter Jam 2010 
is having a loud-music hangover . First period band is not going to be fun :-P 
And the angel answered and said unto the women , Fear not ye : for I know that ye seek Jesus , which was crucified . He is not here : for he is risen , as he said . Come , see the place where the Lord lay . And go quickly , and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead ; and , behold , he goeth before you into Galilee ; there shall ye see him : lo , I have told you . 
Today I learned all about irony . 
Congratulations to the SHS choir . Guys and Dolls was great last night ! 
has Fugue for the Tinhorns stuck in her head . Thanks for that < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > . 
And I said to myself sit down , sit down you're rocking the boat 
misses becoming a fan of things . Liking them just doesn't fill the void . :-( 
caught a leprechaun which offered me one wish to let it go free . I kept the leprechaun . 
Mom's having that Meet & Greet cookout tonight . So , naturally , I had to clean my room to perfection . If anyone can explain this logic to me , I'd appreciate it . 
cannot think of a witty status right now . 
Fortune favors the brave . 
It's May . I feel like the end of the school year is an eternity away . 
got the Jesus Christ Superstar piano book ! :-) 
Vote < PROPFEMALE > Franke for Community School Board ! 
thinks it would be great fun to play Amneris in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Congratulations to the SHS choir . You did an awesome job ! 
Completely psyched about seeing Wicked on Sunday ! 
M is for the million things she gave me\ 
O means only that she's growing old\ 
T is for the tears she shed to save me\ 
H is for her heart of purest gold\ 
E is for her eyes with lovelight shining\ 
R means right , and right she'll always be\ 
Put them all together , they spell MOTHER\ 
A word that means the world to me 
Back from Wicked !!! 
is ticked off at Facebook right now . I don't know how they can possibly see the new setup for the info < PROPFEMALE > as an improvement . Does anyone know how to contact the losers running Facebook ? 
Band concert tonight at 7:30 
got stitches in her < PROPFEMALE > 
is still a little sore in the < PROPFEMALE > , but fine otherwise . Although , I think I'll keep well away from the bike for awhile . 
Piano recital today 
is riding a kayak down Niagra Falls , for a very good reason . 
Yikes ! I was informed over lunch today that Mr. Stam has done the placing for next year's choirs . And , naturally , he's going to keep me in suspense until the last day of school . Now I'm super nervous . 
is listening to 102.9 Unicorn 
was SUPPOSED to get her stitches removed today . Thank you Dad for forgetting to make an appointment >:-( 
The new song on 102.9 does not even compare to the unicorn song . It will be dearly missed . 
3 days , 19 hours , and 20 minutes until the end of the school year 
It is so hot out right now , a couple of days ago it was raining cats and dogs , and right before that it was mysteriously cold . Gotta love this Indiana weather :-) 
2 days , 17 hours , 46 minutes 
loathes allergies , or whatever it is that I have 
went out to Camp Lakeview for the first time in almost a year 
14 hours , 59 minutes ... not including the Biology final , but that hardly counts ... 14 hours , 58 minutes ... 
DONE ! My freshman year is over ! I'm in a good mood :-D 
doesn't have sunburn yet , so it's not summer vacation yet . 
going to see < PROPMALE > of Persia with the lunch table tonight 
Ate at Bdub's for the first time . The waitress kicked us out for being there for the wrong reason . 
just went on an insane < PROPMALE > to catch my crazy dog . 
Don't you hate it when you're reading a murder mystery , and your favorite character ends up being the killer ? 
June is bustin ' out all over ! 
is in Concert Choir 
is going bowling with the lunch table later 
It's too bad Mr. Stam's already done < PROPMALE > Misérables for the school musical ; I would've liked to be in that one . 
can't believe that within the course of a few hours this year's senior class will officially be gone from SHS . I'm going to miss everyone : the choir quintet of < PROPMALE > , Cam , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ; < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > directing the plays ; and < PROPMALE > Voss , we're all gonna miss < PROPMALE > Voss . 
So we threw Wakana a farewell party . I suppose this means she's definitely leaving \ 
:-( 
Alright , my mom has become completely addicted to Farmville . She made me harvest her crops because she was going to bed . I'm pretty sure that she is under the impression that Farmville is a real farm . 
had my first voice lesson today ! 
Well , that was an interesting little fall of rain 
is back from VBS . I enjoyed it . \ 
P.S. I promised < PROPFEMALE > I'd post this on my Facebook status : Do not go to the bathroom during counting time . 
It's < PROPFEMALE > and clear outside ... looks like severe thunderstorm weather . 
Anyone know how to completely cure a sore throat within three hours ? 
To love another person is to see the face of God 
I seem to have lost my copy of The Cat in the Hat :-( 
has a snake in her boot 
is not happy with the BMV right now >:-( 
is back from Camp Lakeview ! 
Happy 234th , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The house is soooo much quieter since half the family and one of the dogs are in Iowa 
Wishing Beka & < PROPFIRST > a very happy 11th birthday 
If I had a fine white horse , I'd take it for a ride today . But since I have no fine white horse , inside I'll have to stay 
is really sick of staying home bored all day . Is it weird that I'm kind of looking forward to school starting back up ? 
It's summer . I don't need to sleep :-) 
is going to the National Youth Gathering tomorrow ! 
is really looking forward to going to New Orleans tomorrow ! Not so crazy about getting up at 4 a.m. , though 
is back from the National Youth Gathering in New Orleans 
9 out of 10 ? American believe that out of every 10 people , 1 American will always disagree with the other 9 . 
likes typing on laptop keys 
Life is like a box of chocolates . You never know what you're gonna get . 
Back from our family reunion . Ever noticed how hilarious Apples to Apples is when played late at night ? 
Day 1 of band camp is finished . I'm completely exhausted , but at least I can relax now . 
Aack ! Mosquito bites ! 
was just informed that tomorrow is supposed to be the hottest day of the year :-O 
The car thermometer said that it was 106 degrees . I can't believe we had to march in that ! On the plus side , I'm getting a pretty amazing sock tan . 
is hoping for rain tomorrow . Who's with me ? 
GET ON THE TRIKE !!! 
' s feet hurt 
Good news for everyone in band or choir : the air conditioning is working again ! 
Wow that was a short summer 
prefers purple days to white days 
was partying it up at Build-a-BearVille.com . Don't judge me . 
Silly Songs with Larry : most amazing songs ever !!! :-) 
A single shoe is more useless than a spork . 
Marching band rehearsal tonight , then the game tomorrow . Kinda weird getting back into the thick of marching band season , but I'm happy :-) 
So we lost the football game ... but hey , the marching band was pretty awesome ! 
back from Camp Lakeview with < PROPFEMALE > Steinkamp . Fun times :-) 
spent about an hour or so in the Bouncy House at the church's pizza/ice cream party . Now the ground won't stop moving 
Okay , I finally understand the whole mascot thing that's going on . That first announcement just left me in total confusion . 
What a smashing , absolutely dashing spectacle , the Ascot Opening Day . 
can't feel her legs after eight hours in the car . Not to mention sharing one hotel room with a family of seven . I can do without the road trips for awhile . 
10 
Allergies are no fun :-( 
Theater company is so fun ! \ 
On a related note , corn is always interesting . 
Nothing more fun on a Saturday than giving my dogs a bath :-P 
Chemistry lab reports are pure evil . 
got the < PROPMALE > Misérables piano book ! 
We got two new guinea pigs . Beka and Mom want to name them Sugar and Oreo , but < PROPMALE > and I named them Snozzium and Shtickles instead . 
27-A Wimpole Street ? It's right there , sir . 
Does anyone else feel like this week has gone by extremely slowly ? 
I think my cold is finally starting to go away . 
Darn it , I forgot to celebrate Talk Like a Pirate Day ! Aargh , that be disappointin ' , matey 
A'o jadu ke mausam\ 
A'o garmiyo ke din\ 
A'o mantra tantra yantra\ 
Us ki bimari hata'o\ 
According to Google Translate , this is gibberish . Can anyone else help me translate ? 
G5 isn't that hard to hit . Why did the second sopranos abandon me ? 
If you know God is the savior and that he sent his son to die on the cross copy and paste this as your status 
Finally the weekend ! IU Band Day tomorrow 
IU Band Day was awesome ! 
attended a 2-hour rehearsal to say one line . 
4-day weekend ! Yay ! 
Dear Mom , \ 
Being home from school should not constitute \Clean-the-House Day \"" 
just got back from partyin ' at the Oktoberfest with < PROPFIRST > Franke and < PROPMALE > Otte 
Oktoberfest parade today . Here's hoping even the freshmen will march in time . 
It's so cold ! My ears are still numb from the shuttle ride home from the Oktoberfest . 
Is everyone ready for the 4-hour rehearsal tonight ? Well , I'm not . 
No dress rehearsal tonight , despite the fact that we desperately need it . 
No more rehearsal ! I'm so happy to have gotten it all over with . 
With a little bit of luck , we'll have a good performance today . 
< PROPFIRST > Franke : Yeah , < PROPFEMALE > , you have a really big part . One whole line . \ 
Me : Hey , if it wasn't for me , < PROPMALE > would never find 27-A Wimpole Street , and the show would just suck . 
We did it ! We did it ! We said that we would do it , and indeed we did . I thought that we would rue it ; I doubted we'd do it . But now I must admit it , that succeed we did ! 
10/10/10 happens every 100 years , not every 1000 years . All those Facebook pages are lying . Don't become a fan of them . 
Done with the Chemistry extra credit . Now on to the more important things : watching Whose Line is it Anyway reruns :-) 
Wizard of Oz ? I'm currently undecided on how I feel about that . 
The PSAT was basically a waste of my morning , but , hey , at least there was no essay question . 
BROTHERS WEEK- If you have a brother who has made you laugh , Pulled your hair , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fall , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , copy and paste this to your status ! 
Not a fun marching band rehearsal 
< PROPMALE > wins 5 0-0 ? Surely , it is a miracle !!! 
got stuck in the SHS baseball field . I'm out now . And I got an amazing hat at a garage sale . 
Every song < PROPFIRST > Shultz writes makes me want to cry 
still doesn't understand what a trip to the zoo has to do with Latin . Yes , I realize that you can name the animals in Latin , but you don't have to go to a zoo to do so . 
Studying chemistry ions ... hypochlorite ... ammonium ion ... cyanide ... yeah , this isn't fun . 
The ion test is over and done with ; now I can relax and look forward to the marching band tour tomorrow :-) 
finished her tape test ! :-) 
Puff the magic dragon lived by the sea and frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called Honah < PROPFIRST > . 
updating my status on the Wii . This is so weird . 
has a really bad headache . Definitely not looking forward to marching tonight . 
found out that there are such things as erasable highlighters . This is an amazing world we live in . 
created my own homemade Snuggie by wearing my bathrobe backwards . 
found out that today is Cookie Monster's birthday . Happy Birthday , Cookie Monster ! May you rest in peace . 
Do you ever have that feeling , when you know you should be using your time productively and doing your Chemistry homework , but you just don't want to ? 
According to Google maps , it takes 160 days and 1 hour to walk from < PROPFEMALE > to New York City . There are a total of 1999 steps , and step #1203 is \Kayak across the Pacific Ocean . \"" 
couldn't possibly be more glad that it's the weekend . 
turns 16 tomorrow . 
' s house was just invaded by the Latin Club looking for a globe , columns , and people to stand afore my tree . ??? 
If you plug your earbuds into the computer , turn the volume on really loud , and stick the earbuds into your nostrils , the music will come out of your mouth ! I tested it ; it's true ! 
got an iPod ! 
wishes < PROPFEMALE > Ahls Franke good luck in < PROPFEMALE > 
now understands why we haven't had proper rain for so long . The clouds were waiting and collecting as much as they could so they could dump it all on us at once . 
saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 1 ! I <3 Dobby ! 
It feels like Thursday today . I like it . 
watched Aladdin , and is now watching Beauty and the Beast . All in all , a very productive evening . Also , < PROPMALE > gummy worms are incredibly delicious . 
ate some turkey today . 
got them Monday morning blues 
got my Microsoft Word auto-correct to change \Voldemort\ " to \ " He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named . \"" 
discovered that someone else had Vulpix , so I made mine evolve . Ha ! So THERE ! \ 
In other news , there's a band concert tonight . 
There ! NO ONE has Poochyena ! 
Well , it's about time it snowed ! 
Pep band , an alpaca farm , Sweeney < PROPMALE > , snow , and Whose Line . Overall , an extremely productive day . 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has 1 , to get better . I know 97% will not repost this as their status , but I hope that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status at least for 1 hour . Please do this in honor of those who are fighting cancer . 
Oh , chemistry homework . I hate you with a fiery passion . 
Yeah , normally I'd say that the choir concert went great , but ... 
In case you're wondering , ophidiaphobia is the fear of snakes . 
is keeping a close eye on the school-closing traffic light on the school website . 
2010 is almost over , So like this status if I have ever made you smile this year . Then set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile this year . (: 
needs a ride . 
School had better not be off tomorrow . I do NOT want to take the Chemistry final . 
PreCalculus exam tomorrow , and then I'm done with Semester 1 ! 
is done with my last day of the semester , which featured a very entertaining lunch with < PROPFIRST > Franke , < PROPFIRST > Boas , and < PROPFIRST > Kerrick . 
is officially done Christmas shopping 
had an early Christmas today since we're leaving for Wisconsin tomorrow . 
PLEASE - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everybody ! <3 
spent two hours cross-country skiing today . 
went ice-skating for the first time ! 
is finally home from Wisconsin . 
just got an e-mail from Yahoo wishing me a happy birthday . It's not my birthday . 
So I come home from Wisconsin , where it's about 5,000 degrees below zero . Here in Indiana , it's about sixty above , and all the snow has melted . What the heck just happened ? 
is going to oversleep and be late to school tomorrow . I just know it . 
Well , I didn't get the part I wanted for Wizard of Oz . Or any part , for that matter . 
< PROPFIRST > Franke should join choir , because he has a ... special voice . 
How come every school in the state got a closing or delay except for < PROPMALE > ? Not awesome . 
As long as we're going to school , does anyone know the lunch menu for today ? 
F #5 is making me angry . 
just woke up . Gotta love snow days . 
Aw , shoot . They switched me to the \New Profile \"." 
< PROPMALE > Potter is all about confronting fears , finding inner strength , and doing what is right in the face of adversity . Twilight is about how important it is to have a boyfriend . 
It's 11:32 , and I'm setting my status to say that it's a snow day . I'm a bit behind . 
was listening to the Broadway station , when \I'll Make a Man Out of You\ " from Mulan came on . Surprised ? Very . Upset ? Not one bit . " 
hasn't done a paint-by-numbers in years , but I really want to . 
So I might have actually done alright on my tests today . However , that lab report is still looming over my head ... 
Okay , so for the lab report , what do we put for the Observations for E ) Combustion . Like , what was the bubble made of ? 
< PROPFIRST > Franke bleached his hair ! o . 0 
is nervous about the Solo Contest tomorrow . Wish me luck ! 
got a GOLD ! 
I guess I can't play pep band tonight . On the bright side , this means I get to watch the new Phineas & Ferb special . So , it all works out . 
is not allowed to seem overconfident . 
is spending my snow day playing computer Monolopy and eating Goldfish crackers . 
Thank you , weather , for completely screwing up my sleeping schedule . 
Someday , I'm going to live somewhere besides Indiana , and I'll be very confused when the weather stays the same for an entire week . 
Today while running Nursery at church , I was explaining to a little girl the parable of the Good Samaritan . When I reached the part about the robbers who beat up the man and stole all his things , the little girl exclaimed , \Even his driver's license ?! \"" 
just took my crazy dogs for a walk . It is soooo nice outside ! 
Happy Singles ' Awareness Day ! 
Okay , so our cable subscription or whatever has ended at our house , and Mom refuses to renew it . I just can't go back to eighteen channels . 
got my costume for the play at Goodwill , and while I was there , I also got the PERFECT Ozzian outfit ! 
is nervous about opening night tonight . < PROPMALE > Killey and < PROPFIRST > Moore , you had better have your lines memorized ! 
FANTASTIC opening night for \You Can't Beat the House \"" 
How do you wake up Lady Gaga ? You set an alarm clock for a reasonable hour . 
I know the plans I have for you , declares the Lord , plans to prosper you and not to harm you . Plans to give you a future and a hope . -- < PROPMALE > 29:11 
Band concert was fantastic , and Mr. Cottrill's kids were so adorable ! 
People have got to quit hatin ' on my mojo . 
Ah , trigonometry . I have absolutely no idea why I'd ever need you in the real world . 
Can switching to Geico really save you 15% or more on car insurance ? Does < PROPFIRST > Montgomery like calculus ? 
Workin ' on the Chemistry lab report . Not enjoying it . 
has a cold , and hates it . 
Happy Mardi Gras ! 
Going to see < PROPMALE > Mis tonight ! So excited !!! <3 
It's very hard to spread peanut butter on a hamburger bun . My sandwich was still decent , but I'd have preferred bread . \ 
P.S. : Yes , there is so little going on right now that I posted that as my status . 
filled my Sunday by folding mail and chasing llamas . 
It's pi day today ! 
It's Friday already ? What the heck happened to Spring Break ??? 
That tornado warning today was a much more productive use of time than the class would have been . Thank you , warm front . 
Tomorrow will be Saturday , and Sunday comes afterwards . 
Really , Indiana weather ? Four days ago we're sitting around in shorts , and now it's snowing ? I don't understand you . 
I'll get through show week , but afterwards , I never want to hear \Merry Old Land of Oz\ " again . Ever . " 
He was never mine to lose . Why regret what cannot be ? These are words he'll never say , not to me . His heart full of love -- he will never feel this way . 
Unbelievable -- our show was actually decent ! 
got flowers tonight . Munchkins are so sweet ! <3 
