Happy New Year ! wishing everyone a wonderful 2010 ! lets hope its a lot better than ' 09 ! :) 

is excited about < PROPMALE > potter 6 ..... who's seeing the midnight show ? i love Nevel :) 
Is going to Magic Mountain on Sunday ! whoo hoo for the new terminator ride . 
is having a Beach bonfire at Bolsa Chica next friday night ( the 24th ) everyone's invited ! hope to see you there ! :) 
is bored , summer is better when you're a kid . Now i want to work just to get out of the house , how lame is that ? 
blah 
my niece is gorgeous ! 
cant sleep . boo 
is bored in Mississippi . It's full of giant bugs and roadkill . The Airforce base is cool though , lots of hotties ....... mmmm , < PROPMALE > . :P 
Misses Disneyland with jaycee and < PROPFEMALE > , sushi with < PROPFEMALE > and Newcastles at The Back Alley with < PROPFEMALE > . 
i'm coming home tomorrow ! not sure how i feel about it . i miss home but i actually dont mind mississippi either , scary . 
i'm home ! yay California ......... damn , now i gotta look for a job . 
it's a beautiful day ! i hope everyone is out enjoying the sun :) happy labor day . 
Social experiment : if you read this , even if we don't speak often , or know each other that well , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised what people remember about you . 
damn it's hot ! who has a swimming pool ? im coming over .... 
love = wasabi peas :) 
Goodbye < PROPFIRST > Swayze :( Rest in peace ..... why are all the awesome people dying ? cant we get rid of the < PROPMALE > brothers instead ? JK 
what amazing job can i get that will allow me to travel all the time ? ( actually travel ) and not just to and from LA in traffic everyday ..... any ideas :) 
hates Cal State Fullerton University 
do you know that the bird is the word ? 
went whale watching yesterday :) saw a little bit of whale and a whole lotta dolphin , with some sealion thrown in too . Overall a pretty awesome day ... i recommend it :p 
The new Fantasmic dragon at Disneyland is Awesome ! sadly < PROPFIRST > disappeared during the finale .... maybe he went on break early . 
nothing is on my mind . 
\Don't cry because it's over . Smile because it happened . \ " \ " You are you . Now isn't that pleasant ? \ " -Theodor Geisel " 
\Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind\ " - Dr. Suess " 
is going to Disneyland today !....... Happy 27th Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\A day without laughter is a day wasted . \ " < PROPFIRST > chaplin " 
HaHa ..... Zombieland was awesome ! go see it ! :P 
\ Do not spoil what you have by desiring which you have not ; but remember that what you have now was once among the things you only hoped for . \ " -Epicurus " 
is bored .... what's an awesome horror movie i can netfilx ? anyone ? 
cant keep up with all of these game apps anymore ... my brain is turning to mush ... i cant remember wether to feed my fish , buy some stilettos , fire a park employee , shoot a crime boss , plant some pumpkins ... or just < PROPMALE > it all and play bedazzled . 
has had a busy week ..... yay for whale watching on sunday . 
\The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others\ " - S . friedman " 
holy crap ... Paranormal Activity was the scariest movie i have ever seen ... and i had to drive home alone ... in the dark :( wow . 
yay ! no jury duty tomorrow . 
is on a quest to find < PROPFEMALE > mountain ..... 
i dont think i like this live feed crap .... 
i think when i die i would like my ashes loaded on a rocket and blasted into orbit . Then , in a few years i can reenter the atmosphere as a shooting < PROPFEMALE > ....... OR .... have the carbon extracted from my remains and shoved into an industrial press and turned into a diamond .... hmmmm 
Happy Halloween ! hope everyone has a great night ! :P 
would like to live in a pineapple under the sea 
is In Vegas today ! whoo hoo ! 
shake , shake the ketchup bottle ... none'l come and then a lot'l 
oh yea ! i made $7 off a quarter in Vegas ! .... i'm a high roller ! 
How did we MEET . Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on ur profile . You will find it amusing how u met ur friends on your profile . 
mmmm spaghetti and spice cake 
what should i go watch tonight ...... 2012 ? or Fourth Kind ? 
is thankful for wonderful friends , a gorgeous new niece and an amazing family :) 
has finished all her Christmas shopping . All gifts are wrapped , tree is up and decorated and the house has lights ... ahhhh busy Friday . 
seriously ?.. one week till Christmas ! 
Whats up with all the celebs dying this year ?! it's getting kinda creepy now . well we have 9 more days till new year ... think we can keep the rest of alive till then ? i worry for future entertainment .... we there be any left to entertain us ? 
hey all ... hope you've been nice and not naughty , cause < PROPFEMALE > knows karate ! 
have a < PROPFEMALE > jolly christmas ! ^o^ 
working on the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl parade floats tonight ! so much fun ... 
RETRO WEEK ! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were !!! Come On Peeps , let us see all those great pictures ! 
i have some diem to carpe 
Rain is wet :( 
wow , this rain is insane . i love the lightning and thunder , but my pets are running all over the house in a panic . i wish i had a fireplace ... a hot chocolate , snuggie and a warm fire sound great right now . :) hope everyones keeping dry . 
Beautiful day ! why does everyone have to work on a day like this .... 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin , love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults copy and paste this to your status !! 
Monster Trucks tonight ! whoo hoo ! 
packing up the whole dang house today ! were being tented ! and im being kicked out for 3 days ....... off to San < PROPMALE > ! 
yay ! my sister , brother in law and niece will be here on saturday ! i'm beyond excited ! i wuvs my Mantha ! 
is considering making a burrito .... mmmmmm burrito ! 
Im thinking < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland at the IMAX .... who's interested ? 
Welcome to the world little man ! Grae < PROPFIRST > Tate ! born today friday march 5th 2010 ! 8lbs 1oz 21inches and gorgeous ! Congratulations to my very dear friends Jaycee and Zach ! 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ..... awesome characters ... eh movie 
Earthquake ?..... what earthquake ? 
Vegas next weekend ! whoo hoo ! 
finally working again , and im already tired of it .... ready for my next vacation :P 
i need me some french toast ! 
Happy Earth Day ! think ill go eat something green ...... 
mmmm sushi 
...... off to the gym .... hoping to get my swimsuit outta retirement soon . 
i thought you were supposed to feel good after a trip to the gym ... why do i feel like hell ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars day ? really ? 
Jamaica ! you are sooo close , yet so far away ...... 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Got my PASSPORT today ! 
got in a car accident today ! im ok but my trunk is all jacked up .... i have a really horrific headache . The damn guy just hit me and ran ! 
purchased my tickets to jamaica today ! now its official and oh so stress relieving . 
back from vegas , had a nice weekend with my sister . I got to see my niece which is always wonderful :) 
Girlfriends , Sake and Skydiving = one awesome weekend :) 
Jamaica countdown ...... 17 hours till im sipping lava flows on the beach of Ochos Rios Jamaica and watching my friend get married ! whooo hoo ! 
Margaritaville < PROPFEMALE > maker .... how i love thee 
is thinking nap time is a swell idea . 
is craving a krispy kreme jelly filled doughnut chicken sandwhich . yes , you read that right . 
NEW METALOCALYPSE TONIGHT !!!!! whhoooo hoooo 
I'm mister green Christmas , I'm mister sun , I'm mister heat blister , I'm mister 101 .... friends call me Heat Miser , whatever i touch starts to melt in my clutch ! I'm too much ! 
beautiful day today ... so cool and refreshing . 
had an awesome girls day ...... massages by scary people in Little Saigon and hanging out in tank tops at Disneyland during a downpour ! besides Pneumonia setting in i had a great day ! thanks Stephie ! :) 
10-10-10 ! 
...... goes to work and the gym , then work again and then the gym again ..... and today no work but going to the gym for the second time today . Wow ive become a very dull individual .... but my butt's looking cuter :) 
off to ZUMBA .... wish me luck . 
i crave a cheeseburger and chocolate milkshake ......... mmmmm 
Loving my new blackberry ! 
Going to vegas tonight to take my niece trick or treating ! 
waiting for < PROPMALE > Potter ! yay ! 
The Deathly Hallows was AWESOME !!!!!!! go see < PROPMALE > Potter ! go now ! cant wait for part two !!!!!!!!! 
dear santa : i would like a < PROPFEMALE > ticket for christmas . 
dear santa : nevermind . i want the winning lottery ticket for christmas , thanks . you may forward my winnings to my home address . 
sitting on my lunch break with steph and watching this woman drive into the exit side of the < PROPFIRST > in the box drive through .... lol 
it has now been 5 minutes and she is on her 10th attempt to back out of the drive through . lol best lunch break ever ! ha ! 
dear Santa : make it easy on yourself , just send cash . 
i want really want a cheeseburger . damn you mcdonalds commercials ! 
i would like to own a car that isnt retarded 
I don't get \check in\ " why does everyone post where they are 24 hours a day ? can I check in at " 
maybe ill just check into cash 
my day off finally ! yay ! 
Damn Tetris Battle ! been playing for hours , think i'm getting Carpel Tunnel 
