Has a game at hoback @ 8 !! 

I really wish i could fly up there and be in your arms talking to you just isn't working !! 
Birthday today !! Going to the pool with < PROPFEMALE > @ 1 !! Then BW3s @ 5:30 !! If you want come join us at BW3s !! Then < PROPFEMALE > is staying !! 
Chillin @ home with < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Is about to leave to get fitted for her uniforms for c-tec !! 
Is at home thinking !! 
can't wait for the relient K concert tomorrow !! 
C-Tec starts tomorrow !! Can't Wait !! 
Can't wait to see him tomorrow !! 
Going to the game !! Go Bulldogs !! 
I want to see him tomorrow !! I want to be in his arms right now !! I want to be able to hear him say I love you !! 
Doesn't have to go to school tomorrow !! I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with him tomorrow !! 
Im off in my own little world thinking !! 
Im done putting my heart into relationship because it always gets thrown back into my face !! 
I feel so lost without you !! But I know we need to do this !! I just hope you find that person you are looking for !! 
' Iloveyou ' takes 3 seconds to say and a lifetime to prove . Everything i do reminds me of you , I'd do anything for you to be in my arms tonight . 
Wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone today or tonight !! Message me or call me if you got the number !! 
I try to aviod you but its just so hard to do because you told me the worst lie of all you said \I love you . \"" 
Alittle mad b.c people can't make up their minds !! I can't believe I got Sgt . yesterday !! 
At my sister for the moment . Don't know when I will be home !! I can't believe that I got Sgt . yesterday !! 
Is off in her own little world !! 
I don't know what I would do if I didn't have you in my life !! I love you so much !! 
Is at home thinking about someone I really like !! 
I can't believe after all these years you have came back into my life !! I never thought this day would ever come !! 
This weekend is going to be great !! 
I can't believe I have you back after all these years apart !! 
I just got home !! Got her prom dress today !! 
I really hope that things will get better from here !! 
Im so glad I got to see him today !! I hope he knows what he is doing !! 
I hate the fact that I have them on my mind and not you !! 
School tomorrow !! Short sleeves uniforms don't forget !! 
3 days till prom !! Can't wait !! :) 
2 days til prom !! Can't wait !! :) 
Prom tomorrow !! Can't wait !! :) 
Prom tonight !! Can't Wait !! :) 
Leaving to meet up with friends !! Going out to eat !! Then to prom !! Can't wait !! :) 
Doesn't even know how to put last night into words !! 
Today was great but it would of been better if I could of saw you other than just this morning before school started !! 
I really miss you and want to see you but I have to wait until moday at the beginning of school !! 
Why is it that I can't keep you off my mind !! Gets to see him in the morning !! 
When I talk to you I smile !! When I think about you I smile !! When it just comes to anything about you I smile !! 
I hope the moments I have had with you well help me get though not seeing you !! 
Boy I really don't get you !! But I guess time will show what's truely going on inside your head when it come to me !! 
I really wish I could call you mine !! But thats all up too you !! I miss him !! It's been four days since i saw him last !! 
Just got home from picking up my prom dress for < PROPMALE > !! Missing him !! 
I can't wait for the day when I can call you mine !! 
Today was amazing !! 
I'm really worried about you !!! I wish I could help but I know I can't and that hurts !! 
Prom later !! Yesterday was amazing !! 
Prom is going to be great !! Then staying at her Besties ' house !! 
Got sunburned from being outside today !! 
I thought today would be different !! But it really wasn't!! 
How am I going to show you Im different than her !! 
I hate it when people lie to me !! Thanks for crushing my heart !! 
Is doing a lot of thinking !! I just hope you will forgive me for this mistake !! 
Has a scrimmage later and surgery tomorrow !! 
Just got home from my scrimmage !! Surgery tomorrow !! I missing you like crazy !! 
Surgery went will !! In a lot of pain !! I missing you !! 
Surgery went well !! In a lot of pain !! I'm missing you like crazy !! 
Is trying to get her mom to let her go to school tomorrow !! Feeling a lot better from the surgery yesterday !! I'm missing you !! 
I really hope my mom will let me go to school tomorrow !! I'm so glad I got to talk to him today !! I really miss you !! 
Is feeling a lot better today !! I'm really glad I got to see him today !! I'm missing you like crazy !! 
Has to do color guard for graduation tonight !! I can't beleive on your last day of school I couldn't even talk to you !! But you want me to wait for you !! 
If waiting is what I have to do to be with you !! Then I will wait forever !! 
I will wait forever if that is what I have to do to be with you !! I'm missing you like crazy !! Might get to see him tomorrow !! 
Just got home from my game !! We won !! 
I don't really know what to do or say anymore !! And it's all your fault !! 
I told you I would find someone that would treat me better and everything else than you ever could !! 
I hate getting blamed for something I have idea what even happened or even the whole story !! 
I'm ready to put my walls back up and not let anyone in anymore !! I'm so tried of people hurting me !! 
Has a game at 5 if it stops raining !! Has to be there at 4 !! 
My game got cancelled do to the weather !! 
Going to my besties/sisters ' grad party around 4 !! 
Has a game at 8 !! But has to be there at 7 !! Calls for a long night !! Had a lot of fun at my besties/sisters ' grad party last night !! 
Leaving to go camping with my bestie/sister and her family at 12 !! Won't be back until sunday !! :) 
Babe I am worried about you !! Please get better !! I can't stand to lose you !! :( 
Has a softball game at 8 !! But has to be there by 7 !! 
I'm on the outside looking in and I don't like what I see !! But I can't do anything to change it !! 
Leaving here around 3:30 !! Has softball games at 5 & 7 !! Then maybe going to a CJ bonfire if not too tried !! 
Going to the mall at 1:30 !! Then a game at 8 !! This calls for a long and interesting day !! 
Today was AMAZING !! You make me feel so special !! We won our game !! All my thoughts involve you now !! 6/21/10 !! 
What made yesterday so special was just being able to see you and < PROPFEMALE > out with you !! You are really amazing !! 6/21/10 !! 
Gets to see them today !! Shopping at 5 !! Then game at 8 !! But has to be there at 7 !! 6/21/10 !! 
Just got home from swimming with < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Just got home from my games today !! We lost the first one then won the second one !! I got a Triple the second game !! 
Please just look into my eyes and see how much I care !! Yes , you'll have to look pass the hurt but you will see that I do truely love you !! 
Championship game tonight !! I just hope I can clear my head before than !! 
At home thinking and missing my baby !! It's you and I against the world !! I truely do love you !! 7/1/10 !! :) 
Hanging out with my mom on her day off !! I'm missing you baby !! 7/1/10 !! 
Is hanging out at her sisters at the moment !! Laughing at the family play the Wii !! Home later !! Baby I love you and miss you so much !! 
Like my status and I will tell you what I like about you , disklike about you , first impression of you , and a confession !! 
Going skating with < PROPFEMALE > !! I miss you and love you baby !! 7/1/10 !! 
Going skating again tonight with < PROPFEMALE > !! Baby I love you and I miss you !! 7/1/10 !! 
Is about to give up on you !! Yes I love you and care about you !! But I feel like I have no other choice !! Going to pick up her neice later !! 6 days until birthday !! 
I love being able to look up at the stars & the < PROPFEMALE > at night knowing that you are not that far away !! I love you baby !! 6 Days until my B-day !! 
I guess this is good-bye !! I hope you followed your heart !! 6 days until my b-day !! 
Going bowling with < PROPFEMALE > !! Living Life to the fullest !! 4 days until birthday !! 
Going to my sisters ' to help her pack for her move !! 3 days until my birthday !! 
Someone asked me what I want for my birthday I said nothing !! But then I looked up at the sky and said \I want to be able to see you . \ " 3 Days until birthday !! " 
Birthday today !! Party Saturday I can't wait !! I hope I get my wish !! I'm living life that way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
Birthday went great yesterday !! I just can't wait until Saturday !! 
Has a lot on her mind today !! I just hope things change behind the doors in my life !! Can't wait for Tomorrow !! I hope I get my wish !! 
Is stessing and cleaning !! If you need me and you know the number call me !! I can't wait until tonight !! I hope my wish comes true !! 
I can't even put last night into words !! You are truely amazing !! I never relized how much I miss you !! I got my wish and more !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
I'm just going to sit back , draw , listin to music and pretend like everything is ok !! I'm just glad I have you to think about !! I love you !! 
I really wish I could stop living in fear !! I wish I could sleep at night and not have to worry !! But thats never going to happen !! 
Today was fun !! Minus the Sunburn !! I got to see my bestie for life today !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
I'm so glad I held on to you and didn't let my heart go to someone else !! I can't wait until your back here and I'm in your arms !! 
Going shopping with my mom !!! Then going to try to go to Mopar !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
I'm just taking one day at a time and living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
My schedule for my Senior year at C-TEC !! \ 
Period : 1 - 3 Criminal Justice Lab - Commander Hill\ 
Period : 4 & 5 Econ/Soc - Mrs. Bolton\ 
Period : 6 Lunch\ 
Period : 7 & 8 Pre Calculus - Mr. Zitricki\ 
Period : 9 English 12 - Ms. Hanson\ 
Period : 10 Supv . Study - Ms. Handelman 
Going to < PROPMALE > with my mom !! Senior Year starts tomorrow !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! I wouldn't ask for anymore out of life right now !! 
Going to the < PROPMALE > Football Game !! I'm really starting to like you !! I'm living Life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
Seeing you last night put a smile on my face !! Hearing you say \I love you\ " put tears in my eyes !! Watching you walk away again crushed my heart !! I guess I just need to let you go and move one !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! " 
Leaving to go shopping !! Hoping things get better !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
Going to the < PROPMALE > game with < PROPFEMALE > Baker and a few other friends !! Tonight is going to be so much fun !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
The end to my school day was great !! You put a smile of my face today !! I'm living life the way I want and no one will stop me !! 
I feel like you want me out of your life so that is what I am going to do !! I hope your life treats you will !! I'm done trying to help you when you can't even help yourself !! This is good-bye !! 
I can't help but smile when I see you !! Today was amazing day !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
I can't wait until the day I can get out of this house !! I can't take this anymore !! Nothing I ever do is good enough ... so why try anymore !! I'm just glad I have you to think about right now !! I can't help but smile when I see you !! 
I love the way you make me smile !! I love the way you make me laugh !! I love the way I feel being with you !! 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Baker after school . Then going to the < PROPMALE > Football game and hopefully hanging out with < PROPFIRST > Newman !! Going to be a great day !! :) 
Been with < PROPFEMALE > all weekend !! :) Going home in a little bit !! I love the way you make me smile !! I'm living life the way I want and no one is going to stop me !! 
Had two amazing nights with < PROPFEMALE > Barker & < PROPFIRST > Newman !! :) Going shopping and then over to my sisters ' for a little bit !! I love the way you make me smile !! I'm so happy being with you !! ? 
I couldn't ask for anymore right now !! You make me feel so special !! You are really amazing !! I'm so happy being with you !! <3 
I never thought I could ever be this happy with you !! I love the way you make me smile !! <3 
Wondering if this Day can get any worse !! I can never do anything right .... so whats the point anymore !! In so much pain !! There is only one good thing in my life right now and thats you !! <3 
I love the feeling I get being with you !! I'm living every minute with you !! You are really amazing !! 
Has to clean the house !! Going to try to go to the < PROPMALE > game !! Has a lot on her mind right now !! I wish I didn't have to say good-bye !! But I can't hold on to you forever !! 
Going to try to go to the game with the Bestie < PROPFEMALE > !! I hate remebering ..... But I can't seem to forget !! I hope I just to see him tonight !! I love the feeling I get being with you !! Boy you make me smile !! 
Going to the < PROPMALE > game with < PROPFEMALE > Baker and a few others !! Going to be a fun night .... in the best mood !! Boy you make me smile !! 
When I'm around you I feel like its you and I and no one else is around !! I feel like all of this is just a dream !! It feels to good to be true !! But I'm loving every minute of it with you !! 
I can't take anymore of this !! I don't know what to do !! I feel like I have hit a dead end in life !! 
I love being with you !! You give me butterflies !! I never want to let you go !! Boy you make me smile !! 
On the phone with the bestie < PROPFEMALE > Baker !! I'm never going to let you go I promise !! Boy you make me smile !! 
Baby I'm sorry !! You mean everything to me !! No one is going to get in the way !! Boy you make me smile !! 
Senior Homecoming with the bestie < PROPFEMALE > Baker and my amazing boyfriend < PROPFIRST > Newman . Then < PROPFEMALE > is staying !! Going to be a amazing night !! Boy you make me smile !! 
I don't know what to do !! You don't seem to listen to me !! What do you expect me to do !! I'm sorry !! But I need to find this all out !! 
I'm so glad that I found you !! You give me a reason to get up in the mornings !! Boy you make me smile !! 
My heart stops\ 
When you look at me\ 
Just one touch\ 
Now baby I believe\ 
This is real\ 
So take a chance\ 
And don't ever look back\ 
Don't ever look back 
Getting her hair cut later !! Going to try to < PROPFEMALE > out with him later !! I can't even put into words how happy you make me !! Boy you make me smile !! 
When I'm around you , I feel like its you and I and no one else is around !! I feel like all of this is just a dream !! It feels to good to be true !! Boy you make me smile !! 
Really hoping he feels better !! So I can see him later !! You make me feel so special !! Boy you make me smile !! 
I'm so glad I can call you mine !! You make me feel so special !! Boy you make me smile !! 
I love it when people try to put me down ..... When they know it will never work !! Boy you make me smile !! 
I hate this !! I don't know what to do !! I wish I could just clear my mind of them and only think of you !! Boy you make me smile !! 
Gets to see him in alittle bit !! Going to the < PROPMALE > football game later !! Boy you make me feel so special !! Boy you make me smile !! 
The day you and I became one I knew everything in my life was finally going to turn out right !! I can't ask for anymore out of life !! Boy you mean everything to me !! Boy you make me smile !! 
Working on her stupid Economics !! Hopefully I get to see him later !! Boy you will never understand how much you truely mean to me !! Boy you make me smile !! 
Nothing is ever going to take me from him .... I don't care how hard you try it's not going to work !! Boy you mean everything to me !! I promise you that nothing will ever come between us !! I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
The day I found you I knew everything was going to turn out all right !! You make me have something to look forward to everyday !! You give my life color and without you all it would be is black and white !! There isn't one sec in my day that you don't cross my mind !! I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
Someone just asked me if there wasn't a future who would I spend today with ... My thought was good thing I spent my day with you !! Boy you make me smile !! I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
Going shopping with my mom here soon .... I'm reallly going to miss you tonight !! I just can't wait until tomorrow I get to spend all night with you !! Boy you mean everything to me !! I love you < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
I know you tell me not to worry but I can't help but not too !! Baby I just want you to be safe and everything to be ok !! I'm so scared right now !! I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
People tell me to follow my dreams ... But my biggest dream will make it were I loose the person I care the most about !! I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
I have the hardest and most important decision of my life to make !! Honestly I have no idea what to do !! But talking to you helped a lot becuase I don't want to ever loose you !! I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
I finally made my decision .... Now only time will show if I made the right choice !! I just hope you don't make it were I regret it !! I really wish people would stop asking me are you sure that you should of made that choice ... no I'm not and I will never know !! Baby I love you !! You mean so much to me !! I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
Why did I let you back in my life when I knew it would end like this !! I can't beleive I let this happen again !! But at least I have him to think about and care about !! I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
The best holidays are the ones were I just left at home by myself .... Not !! And people ask me why I hate holidays with my family .... either they fight or I get left by myself !! I hope your holidays are better than mine !! HAPPY THANKSGIVING everyone !! 
Has so much on her mind !! So if you need me at all until next saturday please just leave me a message ... 
Going to be busy the rest of the weekend !! ACT tomorrow .... then going to my sisters ' house in < PROPMALE > and staying the night .... will be home sometime sunday !! Baby I'm going to miss you !! 
Finally back from < PROPMALE > ..... I really miss you and I hope I get to see you again soon ... being away from you for that long and then being able to spend those few days together makes everything better !! 
Going with < PROPFIRST > to a christmas party with his family ..... I really scared to meet the rest of his family !! 
I sure love holidays with my family ... NOT .. No family christmas for me do to all the fighting !! Have < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! 
I never thought I would ever be this happy .... Boy you mean the world to me .... I love < PROPFIRST > Newman !! 
Staying at chelseys` house tonight ... Going with her to get her tatoo here soon . Baby i love you and miss you so much right now .... 
Sittin at the tattoo shop with < PROPFEMALE > baker .... 
Staying the night at < PROPFEMALE > bakers` .... Then hanging out with her tomorrow .... 
No matter what life throws at me I will never fall ... I will just step to the side and move on with life like it never happened ... Living life the way I want !! 
The day I found you I knew everything was going to turn out all right !! You make me have something to look forward to everyday !! You give my life color and without you all it would be is black and white !! There isn't one sec in my day that you don't cross my mind !! 
Computer is broken . So won't be on for awhile . Loving life with you in it . I love < PROPFIRST > Newman . 
