Last tennis match is tomorrow :( 

This week is not my best ... plus the PSAT is tomorrow , not sure if i want to take it anymore . 
Never tell Ardy that you can help her write a paper for english because then you will have to help her with all of her writing assignments :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Drees wants to know if anyone would be willing to play tennis after school on Thursday with her , she's desperate . 
Thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Fogt is freaking awesome !! :D 
My throat hurts so much now . I just learned that practicing for solo and ensemble for 3 hours strait is not a very good idea . 
Doctors tomorrow morning . Glad to get it over with , but scared to see what he says . I hope its good news . 
I officially found out that i have no tumor and that i do NOT have to get surgery anymore ! Sometimes i love doctors other times i hate them . How can you miss diagnose a tumor ? Im thankfull for all of my friends for being there for me and i know that they will always be there . 
So I went to Kassi's house today and she insisted that i let her straighten my hair . Haha , thank you for doing it Kassi . 
Tennis banquet ! 
It is Saturday evening and what am i doing right now ? Helping Ardy with her essay for Mrs. Thorne ..... again . I still don't know how you are in her Pre Ap class Ardy , I really don't . But that just means that you owe me . 
Sitting outside again because i cant breath . I really hate it when this happens . 
I just got a call from the historical society and they said that the book signing is on December 2 . So excited ! I can't wait to see my story in a book . 
You Only Use Lotion Or Shampoo Till Three Halfs Eat Grim Apples Most Evenly - Take The First Words From That And Youll Know What You ' Won ' Copy And Paste When Found Out !!!! 
Yay ! First book signing over with . It was funnn , but there were so many books to sign . 
Does anyone know what is supposed to be on the visual for Mrs. Thornes project that is due on Tuesday ? 
Hey all tennis girls !!!! If you haven't looked at the christmas party thingy , there is a new post on it . Look at it asap so you know what is going on . Also < PROPFEMALE > , Ardy , and < PROPFEMALE > , I already told you . 
Mr. Adams told the 6th grade band that we make funny faces when we mess up . He said especially a clarinet ........ I have no idea who it is .......... I hope that it isn't me . 
Going to go to the band concert that we will definitely fail at soon . Some of us get to take care of the middle schoolers while they are at the concert and I am glad that I am not one of them . 
Sixth graders , you had better watch out . You made a lot of peolpe mad tonight . I hope that it was worth it to do that . Now we hate you and when you come to the high school , we will teach you lessons that you will not forget easily . 
inbox a number ; & ill tell you what i think about you . 
85886499749676655897432111890058398339484748378587365 : I think that you are a nice person to be around , but you can be really quiet at times . 
666 : You are crazy and do the weirdest things almost every day that I would probably never do in my life . You are funny and you can be loud when you want to be . And you take the weirdest tests on FB . 
0987654323 : We used to be best friends and there are so many memories of us together when we were little . I really wish that we could get together sometime . I really miss hanging out with you :( I think that you are an amazing person and you play a whole bunch of different instruments so you must be very talented or you just can't make up your mind . And being in band makes you just that much cooler :) 
My < PROPFEMALE > is gone :( It's not fair . 
42 : You are funny and you make jokes about the weirdest things . And you always seemed to be in the wrong place at the wrong time when it came to the bus rides for tennis . 
017 : You always make me lose the game and when I make you lose it , you don't care . You are funny and we are in a book together , which is pretty awsome . We are amazing writers ! And you bring up < PROPMALE > all the time and I don't know if I spelled his name wrong or not . 
12 : You are an amazing person and I am really glad that I met you this year . I know that my life wouldn't be the same . I tell you everything and you have helped me through a lot of things that I really don't want a lot of people to know about . You are such a good friend :) 
11171996 : You are a very interesting person and you are so oblivious that it is funny . ( < PROPFIRST > ) I found out last night and earlier this morning that our voices really clash when we sing together , but we still beat < PROPFEMALE > at it even though she is in chior :D You are obsessed with a certain animal and you like to bring things up over and over again like with me stepping on that cat . 
If school closes tomorrow , I will be very mad because I really don't want to be at home anymore . I really don't like my family , they aggrivate me ! 
Ardy < PROPFEMALE > : * Steps out of car , looks at the ground . * \What ? Why is my driveway covered in snow ....... did it snow ? \"" 
Played pole , chair tag today with Ardy < PROPFEMALE > , haha , that was so much fun . :D 
I just beat Kassi Edwards at pool . And she said that I wouldn't , haha . 
I am finally going to start writting my story again after the two week break . Adding those descriptive sentances is not all that easy . 
My microsoft office decided to stop working today . Isn't that just nice . :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > : \I'm an invasive species . How are you these days ? Are you wearing perfume ? You smell really good . Does Kohl have a brother ? Are you going to go to his house ? I think you should go and report what it's like back . \ " Me : \ " Did you say that or did < PROPFEMALE > say that ? \ " Ardy < PROPFEMALE > : \ " I don't really know ..... Pinky < PROPFEMALE > can't really talk so ..... \"" 
Juice from a box always tastes good .... just as long as it's Juicy Juice . 
Coughing for about 20 minutes . Bronchospasm , I think so . Great . 
What if there's a bigger picture\ 
What if I'm missing out\ 
What if there's a greater purpose\ 
I could be living right now\ 
Outside my own little world 
Staring at strangers through the window at Culvers proved to be rather fun . That is until they stare back .... then it's just awkward . 
Cause of all my problems : Inflamed bronchial tubes mostly the problem in asthma . If it's severe , the swelling of the bronchial tubes make it difficult to breathe . Even when a person with asthma feels perfectly well , a mild degree of inflammation keeps the bronchial tubes hyperreactive , or hypersensitive to triggers of asthma attacks . It's this inflammation that keeps the bronchial tubes \asthmatic . \"" 
I forgot that I had an assignment for Mrs. Thorne . Thank god it's due on Thursday . I should have worked on it over the weekend , but that didn't happen . 
Mrs. Thornes writting assignment isn't something I need right now , ugh . 
Got accepted to go to children's . I guess that's a good thing . Why does March have to be so far away . I just want to get this over with ... 
Kassi Edwards You will say this one day . One day you will :) Then you will realize how much you will miss me :) -Hi . Remember me ? You used to smile when you saw me , hug me for no reason , talk to me without any conditions and love me for who i was . I miss that . 
I . Burnt . My . Finger . :( 
It's tennis time ! Yay :D 
????? 
