is 2 weeks into being a highschooler and can't believe it any more than she could exactly 14 days ago . 

is up late . 
is mentally perparing to wake up at 4:45 AM tomorrow and fly to Maine with her sister . 
is looking out the window of her Grandparents ' house at a bay that is literally 15 yards away . And the Ocean is a 15 minute walk away . 
just got back from the beach with some awesome shells , but also a horsefly bite ... ; 0 
is back in town ! 
is trying to do her summer reading . 180+ questions for Life of Pi ? Does Mr. Long think we have no life ? 
just finished question 75 for Life of Pi . 113 questions left ..... power draining .... must go ...... to facebook ......... 
just got her class list !! 1st period Geometry ... 2nd period English .. 3rd period Eastern Civ . Honors ... 4th period latin 2 ... 5th period FREE !... 6th period biology ... 7th period ( 1st and 2nd trimester ) debate , ( 3rd tri ) Personal Fitness ... 8th period ( 1st tri ) photography ( 2nd tri ) free ( 3rd tri ) Health 9 ... Because of weird stuff I had to kill honors english to get advanced debate , but it's okay :) 
is on her brand new < PROPMALE > 
is already missing < PROPFEMALE > , who leaves in three days for college .... * sigh * 
wants to have school start RIGHT NOW so we can get it over with , or have it never start at all .... the waiting is killing me 
survived the 1st day of high school ... barely 
3 days of high school this week ? It felt like 3 months . 
does not want to go to school tomorrow ....... I'm so tired , and NOT in the mood for school work ! 
wants to zone out 
Biology and creative writing don't mix 
I don't wanna grow up . I'd to be be like < PROPFIRST > Pan ( but not as creepy ) . 
Fall break is very relaxing ... I like it . 
Not walking at all is harder than it seems ........ 
I get to take the bio next week !! 
My first debate tournament is tomorrow . Is it bad that my hands are already shaking ? 
I did great in my 1st ever debate tournament ! My partner and I went 2 in 1 ( So did everyone on the RHSM team :) For those who understand : We won on Aff , lost on Neg , on one of the Aff rounds the judge said my 1AC was perfect , I was fast and clear , and my partner had the \best impact calc he ever heard a novice do \"" 
Halloween should be one of those holidays that lasts all week . 
I have to < PROPFEMALE > out with about 200 Middle Schoolers on Saturday . Yay for debate ? Meh . 
Today = wierd . And I don't know why . 
is a < PROPMALE > Varsity debater ! I went to my second ever debate tournament and almost placed ( 5th ) ... I debated some kids with 2 more years of experence than I have . 
is pertending .... just for a monment ..... that Freshman Biology , 5th period , does not exist . 
is freezing . Simply freezing . 
is slowly being killed by the drawings of monocots and dicots and gametophytes and cross-sections .... and ... and ........... 
must try ... to stay .... focused ...... 
feels like finals are over ... but they're not . 
Finals are almost over .... so close to freedom . 
trying hard to not check my grades >.< 
Only 5:30 and already dark . Winter has snuck up on me again . 
Must find a good way to spend my time .... so far , not so good . 
Yes ! Party tonight ! It's gonna be awesome ! 
MEOW ! Cats love to step on keyboards ..... 
Back in the swing of of things after the break . 1/12 of highschool is already over . 
A creative and visual project on Attlia the Hun ? Ideas are needed ! 
I only now found out that my Birthday is 3 days away ... I thought I had more time as a 14 year old . 
AH ! 15 seems really old . I can't be 15 already ! 
Yay ! Thanks to everyone for the nice Birthday wishes :) I look forward to another great year <3 
Birthday Pics are now up ! Enjoy :) 
Reading a 300 < PROPFEMALE > travel guide to a country ( Croatia ) that I'll never go to . Kinda sad . Why can't Ms. Herrington just have us skim the books ? 
NOVICE POLICY DEBATE : Knight's Joust @ Lone Peak ! Rule of 3s : My 3rd debate tournament ever , 3rd place of 30 teams , 3rd best individual speaker , and Ro-Ho got 1st in Sweeps ( we placed highest in the most events of any school ) 
So many tests this week .... right before Winter Break , too . I have < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep . < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep . 
People of the ( facebook ) world ! I have lost my cell phone ... So please send me your number in an email or message -- I'll put it in my new phone ( and if you need to reach me , use email ) 
Got my winter formal dress , along with some other last minute gifts . Christmas should be good this year . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is my best friend , hands down . She should know that <3 
I had a great day today -- Saw Holmes in Park City , then < PROPMALE > out with friends 
I got a new phone today- so , if anyone wants me to be able to call/text them , please give me your number . Status comments are visible to the whole internet- so a private message/email would be best . 
AHHHH ! Latin .. why can't it be as simple as adding -us to the end of english words ? * sighus * 
Braces off and dentist today , boy have my teeth had a work-out .... 
Yay for Winter Formal ! : D ... however , I am now very tired , must get some sleep before I pass out on my keyboard ... zzzzzz 
Wooo ! My plans for this weekend include watching Singin ' in the Rain and making cookies . Who says teenages are bad ? 
If wishes were horses , beggars would ride ... but boy , I need a horse right now . 
* Cough * I hate getting colds .. I feel very bleh . 
* Phew * I just finished my story for English . I quite like it , but I am a very unreliable source . 
Yay ! A night that was not totally horrible , for once . 
And the weekend arrives , just in time for me to have excessive amounts of homework . 
I love irony ... dramatic or otherwise , I'll take it . 
saw ( 500 ) Days of Summer . It was really good . 
Anger Loading ...... 0% { ----------------- l ---- } 100% 
Trying to do basic drawing .. nice to just relax for once . 
Finished active reading for Bio .. now on to the rest of the work ... 
Ready for all day debating ? I don't know , but I'll have to be by Friday . 
Berkeley Debate : Best four consecutive days I've had in a while . Got to < PROPFEMALE > out in San Fransico , made it to Double-Octafinals ( trophy for us ! ) , and had tons of fun ! 
Ice Dancing -- I stay up late to watch it . 
Mmmm .. Homemade rice pudding , not bad . 
New picture of me .. Oh , to be eleven again ! 
is taking some artsy photos 
Facebook , I do like your applications , but not when they make me spam people .... P.S. Sorry to people I have spamed 
' Tis the season for chosing an Interim ... Here's to hoping I get my top choice . 
Arrived in Price , Utah ... The place you've always wanted to vacation .... 
Planning a vacation to Zion National Park ! Very exciting . 
Ahhh ... Spring clothing ! This new weather is great . I hope it stays . 
packing for my vacation to Zions ! ( the perfect place to spend Spring Break ) . 
needs to finish up a poem ... 
I am now fully prepared for Spring Fling . Yay for planning . 
is a mad genius . Or just a genius . Or , most likely , just mad . 
So , people , who knows when the math final is ? ( I know I should know ... but then again ... : ) 
Redecorating my 2nd bedroom .. it's a long story . 
has the best sister . 
2 and a half days of Debate Camp left -- I'm going to miss my new friends . 
I still have my meal bracelet on from camp . It's too sad to take it off . :( 
Scheduling conflicts again . Just one time , I want to be able to take the classes I want without compromising other classes . 
Rowland Hall People : Does anyone have Algebra II 1st or 6th period ? I need to know if it's offered at those times for me to work out my schedule . 
Rowland Hall People : What period do you have chemistry ? Again , I'm trying to fix my schedule . 
Happy Friday the 13th everyone .... Go class of 2013 ! We're lucky ... 
School starts in under 2 weeks people ! Who's ready ? 
Anyone interested in seeing Vampire Weekend this Thursday at 7:30 ? It's an all ages show . :3 
Speed drills for debate- turns out I can do 300 wpm pretty well . I just hope I don't choke during our test next week . 
Thanks to everyone for all the Birthday wishes ! As of 16 minutes ago , I'm officially 16 years old . It's been a long time . 
