Had a GREAT birthday ! Thanks for all the messages - so fun to hear from everyone . I'm off to pack up the classroom and finish a little paper work and officially start start summer ! 

Spending the day with my neice - writing , doing crafts , going to a movie - I love it . 
Balancing the checkbook - blahhh . 
MTV < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > music and videos all day ! 
Vacation tomorrow- Yippee ! 
Cleaning out closets , touch up painting and then hanging out with friends I haven't seen in a while . 
Had a fabulous weekend back in Ohio catching up with old friends . Hanging out with my cuz for a couple of days before returning home . Be good < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Just wondering which is worse ... losing your mind or losing your keys . 
KEYS FOUND !!! and then the heavens opened up and a host of angels started singing the Alleluia chorus . 
California bound !!! 
Spent the day boating , eating , poolside and reading . Ahhh - vacation . 
Completely sleep deprived after taking the red-eye home but have a crazy amount of energy at the moment . Caffeine is SO wonderful ! 
Looking for good book suggestions - I want to lose myself in at least one more before school begins . 
Just saw a news story on the Today show about women having babies in their 50's - it sent chills down my spine . 
Apparently the cure for the common headcold is being inspired by your writing group . 
Lovin ' this weather 
Leaves , Leaves . Leaves ..... the challenge is to enjoy the beauty without thinking of all the yardwork that is being produced . 
Hey Philly - Now that's the way I like it ! 
Fact #1 : More leaves are now on the ground than in the trees . The good news - All the blowing and raking will soon be coming to end and sunlight is streaming through the windows . The bad news : It is illuminating mega doses of dirt and dust that must now be cleaned . Anyone do windows ? 
The same student makes two comments within 20 minutes - which to believe ? 1 . You are my favorite teacher ever . 2 . Argghh you're always picking on me and blaming me - I hate it in here . 
Another delimna - Who to cheer for today : the Redskins or the Raiders ?.... the current crappy hometown team or the previous crappy one . 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP 
Bring on the snow !! 
I'm thinking it's a white Christmas 
The snow plow guy just slid all over the pipestem and wouldn't even attempt our driveway - We are officially snowed in . 
Watching cheesy movies on the Lifetime channel while finally sorting through the stuff that was waiting for a rainy/snow day . Another day or two of being snowed in - the closets and basement may finally get cleaned out . Wonder of wonders . 
SITUATIONAL IRONY - Backing into a car belonging to my neighbor's insurance agent . DRAMATIC IRONY - Telling my husband , who only responds with . \Well that's why we have insurance\ " ... ( also known as a blessing .... it is also highly suspicious ) " 
I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people . 11Today in the town of < PROPFIRST > a Savior has been born to you ; he is Christ the Lord . < PROPMALE > 2:10 
\Mama said there'd be days like this .... \ " and the last couple have proved her right !!! Here's to a calm weekend ! " 
Could really get into having 3 day weekends on a regular basis . 
It's doppleganger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like .... I looked more like her when I was younger and she was still living . 
After months of pleading and begging , < PROPMALE > finally succombed to my wishes and learned to play cribbage ( and he liked it ! ) . After an afternoon of connecting with his wife , he has happily crawled back into his cave to watch football . 
Snowstorm of the Century Take II . Apparently I have a small window of opportunity to see if there's anything left at the grocery store tommorrow morning before all hell breaks loose . And to think I use to live in Massachusettes where 2 feet of snow isn't seen as the end of life as we know it . 
Tickets Free for the taking . Friday night 4/2 7:30 - < PROPMALE > McNally's Nights at the Opera : < PROPFEMALE > Age Saturday night 4/3 7:30 - < PROPMALE > McNally's - The Lisbon Traviata These are part of a Kennedy Center package we bought for the season and we are out of town this weekend . I hate for these to go to waste - so they are up for grabs . Just let me know . 
The rain in Spain may fall gently on the plain , but the rain at home turns the lime green driveway back to brown . ( Today's news feed brought to you by examples of assonance and slant rhyme ) 
Wow . Could the weather outside be anymore perfect ? What a great day . 
Oh Friday , I love you so . 
After carefully considering the situation , I've come to the conclusion that it is not possible for my baby girl to be turning 21 today . Some will call this denial , but I believe it's a freakin ' time warp . 
In the car 
Overheard in class today : Student 1 \ Mrs. O'Ryon is such a chill teacher\ " Student 2 \ " Yeah she is - she doesn't get upset with all the crap we do the way other teachers do . \ " Student 3 \ " I saw her get angry once . It was really scary - it was kinda like when a giant panda meets Godzilla . " 
Excited to be on my way to Philly to spend the weekend with my baby boy , who is no longer a baby - or even a boy ... Sigh 
Sitting at a coffee shop ... drinking a glass of wine 
Haven't figured out what happened and what it means- but the Sawyer/Juliette reunion was the best of the night . 
Coming into the homestretch . The freshman are full of energy and by all appearances are going to win the game , but this teacher vows not to go down without a fight . An evening of wine and strategizing for the next play of the game will soon be underway . 
Naval Academy Commencement ... awesome 
Ugh ... what happened to our lovely spring ? I feel like I'm living in a steam sauna . 
Drove across town to Whole Foods after work . Discovered wallet was still at school . Drove back . Got wallet . Realized daughter never returned bankcard . Said a bad word . Drowned sorrows at Wendys . Remembered upcoming Memorial Service for friend . Said prayer for < PROPFEMALE > . Thanked God for putting it all in perspective . Thanked Him for the one last check in checkbook and for finding only enough change for a small Frosty . 
One oatmeal-raisen cookie - $1.25 Iced latte - $3.99 Laughing and catching up with a friend on a beautiful afternoon - Priceless . 
Febrary's snow days are getting their revenge - will this school year ever come to an end ' 
1 1/2 hour massage to survive the last 1 1/2 weeks of school . Therapist laughed when I named the two huge knots- one in my neck , the other in my left butt cheek . I'm a new woman - my pain in the ____ namesakes won't know what hit them tomorrow . 
Can I just say how wonderful it is to have non-teachers in the world who can tell people what happens in our classrooms and what needs to change . 
Thanks for all the wonderful birthday wishes . Had an awesome birthday - except for that unfortunate moment when a collegue congratulated me on turning 61 . 
Just saw Thurgood at the Kennedy Center ! Totally awesome . 
\Blessed are the forgetful : for they get the better even of their blunders . \ " Friedrich Nietzsche " 
Ouch ! 
Percoset is clearly God's way of saying He love me . Healing is going well . As soon as I can get my legs to cooperate I can head home . Thanks for all the well wishes 
But these places and these faces are getting old , so I'm going home . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s post surgery recovery strategy : Have weatherfront move through area creating < PROPFEMALE > , warm , non-humid days ; laze around on backporch ; < PROPFEMALE > out with family and friends ; have friends stop by with meals and witty conversation ; play marathan games of cribbage , hearts and euchre ; give into son who insists on bringing cold beers to porch while he makes dinner ; thank God for turning recovery into a mini-vacation . 
25 Years ago today - we were young , thin , had a lot more hair and a lot less money . It's been a wild ride and I wouldn't have missed it for the world . 
A true friend is someone who thinks you are a good egg , even though she knows you are slightly cracked - < PROPMALE > Meltzer 
Sitting next to the water , drinking a beer , listening to < PROPMALE > and his band sing ... and they sounded good even before I had the beer . 
< PROPMALE > DiCaprio is awesome in Inception , or was I just dreaming ? 
The question you gotta ask isn't ' Why ' or ' if ' , the question you gotta ask is ' How ' 
The AC repairman discovered a family of dead , dried-up snakes on the floor under the heater in the laundry room . I'm not sure which of husband's reactions are the most annoying : 1 . His reasonable and logical explanation for why this doesn't warrant building a laundry room upstairs . 2 . His < PROPFIRST > L < PROPMALE > imitation from Snakes on a Plane , or 3 . Him sneaking up , tickling me , and yelling \snakes \"" 
Hasta la vista hot humid < PROPFEMALE > . California , here I come ! 
Blurry and red-eyed most of the day due to the Redskins , but it was oh so worth it . 
Holy Moly . Did the crazies ever hit 7th period today . If they'd been dressed in tie die and \ 
' < PROPFIRST > Jones ' had been playing in the background , you'd have had a hard time telling them apart from a Grateful Dead concert . 
Ahh Friday . I thought you'd never get here ! 
I'm partial to the passenger seat 
Picture perfect day off . Coffee ... book ... back deck ... Here I come ! 
The last miner is OUT !!! What an awesome story . 
You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older . Anouk < PROPFEMALE > 
Chaos is a friend of mine . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Student quote of the day , \I just put the sexy back in dyslexia . \"" 
On my way to get my sanity restored . 
Sanity has been restored ! Awesome rally ! 
My refusal to answer the phone until the polls close tomorrow evening just caused me to miss a call from President Obama . What will he do without my advice ? 
Just an ordinary Saturday in November : passed a clown walking down the street smoking a cigarette this morning , gave the right of way at an intersection to a man playing a tuba , crossed paths with a rather large transvestite after dinner . All happening BEFORE witnessing the psychedelic revival of Hair ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Edwards - you will be missed . Rest in Peace 
Today's homework excuse : \This kid on my team forced me to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s with him before the meet \"" 
I could really use a snow day tomorrow for many reasons - but mostly so i can watch Meet < PROPFIRST > Black again and gawk at young beautiful < PROPMALE > Pitt . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > - good call 
If the ice covering the streets in my neighborhood is any indication , I'd say we are in at least for a two hour delay 
Thank you FCPS !! 2 more hours of pillow time . 
