FUCK YEAH . FUCK THIS DECADE OF SHITTY MUSIC AND BRING ON SOME GOOD SHIT . LET'S NOT HAVE THE 2010'S BE AS MUSICALLY SHITTY AS THE .... WHATEVER YOU CALL THE DECADE WE\RE IN . " 

Out of commision 
i wonder why i always feel strangely out of place . it's a little odd . 
Every new beginning is some other beginnings end . 
I got the feva fo the flava of the coochie . 
Bowling for soup are my heros . 
newest bowling for soup cd is blowing me away . 
i hear you knocking . But you can't come in . 
today's date is the same forward and backwards . also i'm in unbearable pain . 
I almost wish you would have loved me too . 
So if you're pissed like me Bitches , here's what you gotta do Put your middle fingers up in the air Go on and say \Fuck you ! \"" 
I close my eyes when i get to sad , i think thoughts that i know are bad , close my eyes and then i count to ten , hope its over when i open them , i want the things that i had before , like a < PROPFEMALE > wars poster on my bedroom door , i wish i sould count to ten and make everyhthing be wonderfull again , 
my musical tastes are eclectic . now listening to . Wonderful Tonight . < PROPFIRST > Clapton . 
feeling overwhelmed . 
I has recon . i doubt many know what that means but if you do then congradulate me . 
Donuts make me happy 
I Stay Away . 
Monday Morning You Sure Looked Fine . 
I < PROPFIRST > the 2 of Clubs . 
I HAVE NO LIFE 
listening to fleetwood < PROPMALE > . modern music sucks wart covered nuts 
not doing ANYTHING . might play some halo .... must get better 
utterly bored 
SOMEONE IS HOT . but its not me 
Eat Pussy . 
Wants to race 
WANTS CAKE . the fat kid inside of me wont quit screaming 
just ugh 
not even sure . 
I hate everything 
Dr. said \Joe if you don't take care of your diabetes your going to die and the first step is to admit you have a problem . \ " I still don't care . " 
has decided that he is socially awkward . 
I hate being insecure . I need inseCURE . ok well at first that wasn't a joke but then i noticed that it could be . but the opening statement still stands . 
started kingdom hearts 2 i am now confused 
ok i'm not the kind of person to join groups i find it a little idiotic . but every now and then a worthy group pops up . and this is by far one of them . The real reason we're in Iraq is to catch rare pokemon ! 
Is vaguely interested in someone . 
STUPID WATER USING SITAR SON OF A BITCH BOSS . i love videogames . 
just beat the first form of kingdom hearts 2 final boss . probably like five more to go . also EPIC equals guy with long silver hair in black robe things doing a backflip off of a skyskraper and then wipping out two red lightsaber things in midair and diving head first towards you . i got wet a little when i saw it . 
A scattered memory that's like a far off dream . A far off dream that's like a scattered memory . I want to connect the pieces . Yours and mine . 
All i feel is hatred . 
the maximum characters available for a status update is 420 
someone posted on my wall and it made me happy . because it never happens 
Don't you ever think twice . It's alright . 
almost 100% on Kingdom hearts 2 just the annoying bits left 
is about to dive into the past . this will be weird 
so reading through my myspace messages from freshman year is giving me a creepy weird bad feeling . making me remember things too . like when i went to the soccer tryout and saw all the people trying out and instead of going and trying i hid and cried because i was convinced i would fail . 
I wrote this on myspace 4 years ago \in the beggining there was a lot of fucking . a whole fucking lot of fucking . no i dont think you get it were trying to make a fucking race here we fucked the shit out of anything that moved . people fucking other people . people fucking trees i mean this was some serious fucking fucking . and thats how the world came to be a whole fucking lot of fucking \"" 
SPENT THE LAST YEAR < PROPMALE > MOUNTAIN WAY !!!!! can't afford it anymore . 
seriously it pisses me off that no one comments anything i write . or returns messages . except < PROPFIRST > . 
all i need is a pair of wheels . 
Anyone know where to find some good heroin . opiates in general will do . 
is now posting things just to see if he can get a reaction . seriously . 
< PROPFEMALE > - Fleetwood < PROPMALE > . look it up you musical losers . 
I've thought long and hard and i think i'm going to become a heroin junkie . It sounds romantic . 
Is never drinking again . Untill i forget that i'm not . Then i will . And that Mufasa is the circle of life . 
just wants to be able to hold someone . yeah selfish i know . 
In August 2002 , ABKCO Records reissued Beggars Banquet ( Rolling Stones ) This release corrected an important flaw in the original album . Due to an error in the mastering , Beggars Banquet was heard for over thirty years at a slower speed than it was recorded . This had the effect of altering not only the tempo of each song , but the song's key as well . This version is about 30 seconds shorter than the original release . 
The Stones were too fucked up to notice that their own album was out of key . LOL 
My grandpa died today . He was a funny guy . R.I.P. 
Not that my previous post isn't important but yeah so usually facebook is throwing me a shit ton of advertisements for dating chicks and i was noticing that lately facebook had decided i'm gay . then i thought about it and i figured it out . ROFL . now i just wonder where my itouch is . 
so when i take my adderal i really get into iron maiden . and motorhead . and ac/dc . god no one ROCKS anymore . 
listening to knights of cydonia and I REALLY WANT TO PLAY GUITAR HERO . FML 
Reading an FFIV guide . Reading about all the Rolling Stones albums . Downloading all the Stones albums . Importing my CD's to itunes . listening to music and playing FFIV . i so fucking should have taken adderal in highschool goddamnit . 
Is reading about the different forms and styles of lightsaber combat . nerd power rocks . 
facebook just gave me an add showing a chick licking an xbox 360 controller . i liked it . a lot . 
is back online after being off this thing for ages . everyone say hi 
sometimes i like life . 
only way to feel the noise is when it's good and loud . 
if i was in the hospital would you visit me ? 
really though all you need is love . 
lets all lose are sanity for awhile . three cheers for getting fucked up . 
this will sound like i'm seeking attention . and i guess maybe i am in some ways , but that doesn't diminish the truth behind it . I find a cold comfort in hurting myself . and i've been doing that quite a bit lately . I deserve it though . 
It feels nice to hurt the person you hate more than anything else but then it feels bad because it's yourself . i don't deserve better though . I want to die . I wish i could die . I keep trying to gather the courage to never have to feel anything ever again . 
going to see my therapist . he has a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sex Drugs Rock ' n ' Roll . Three things to make my body whole . 
My life goal ATM . To have snooty < PROPMALE > kids look down on cute red heads that like my concerts . 
ok so i'm participating in the whole change your profile pic to your favorite pokemon thing which i think EVERYONE should do . but i can't decide my favorite . im always indecisive . i've narrowed it down to seven . ( it was hard ) now for a vote . please let me know . Charizard Golduck Alakazam Haunter Hitmonlee Lickitung Dragonair 
< PROPMALE > Mountain Way . Word Up . 
Rape me my freind . Rape me again . 
the wanting is like a poison coursing through my veins burning me every second that you're not around . 
i want drugs . lots of fantastic and diverse drugs . 
i've forgotten absolutely everything about using gimp 
Cancel the thing that I said I'd do I don't feel comfortable talkin ' to you ' Less you got the zipper fixed on my shoe Then I'll be in the lobby drinking for two 
might go to sleep . not sure though . 
taking mom to er . fun fun 
Very hungry . dangerous . 
Free for a bit . 
i wanna float . 
We get some rules to follow . 
The gift you give to me . No one knows . 
get back to the pokemon bitches . 
Theres a certain bruise you get from playing < PROPFIRST > hawk . It feels like nostalgia . 
Nom Carver is my hero . 
fingertips have memories mine can't forget the curves of your body and when i feel a bit naughty i run it up the flagpole and see who salutes ( but no one ever does ) 
is a pretty pink flower floating in the wind with little glittery butterflies that make the grass < PROPFEMALE > with love . 
i'm not sick but i'm not well . 
i'm not crazy cause i take the right pills . 
I'm really really worried . 
Your'e some kind of wonderful . 
i want some soda god damnit . 
I think my first HC character for D2 is going to be a druid . fear the bear . 
good druid build anyone ??????? 
I know who i want to take me home . 
gets off D2 to chat to a couple people . they sign off . fml 
i'm deciding that i really like the presidents of the united states ( the band ) can't belive i missed them . 
\A long long time ago when the gays weren't all in your face about it . \ " opening to family guy starwars . " 
Flatline . 
I hurt myself today . To see if i still feel . I focus on the pain . The only thing that's real . 
REALLY loving the band everclear right now . 
So hard to find my way , Now that I'm all on my own . I saw you just the other day , My how you have grown , Cast my memory back there , Lord Sometime I'm overcome thinking ' bout Making love in the green grass Behind the stadium with you My brown eyed girl You my brown eyed girl 
Every new begining comes from some other begining's end . 
FUCK . snow 
yes there's love if you want it . don't sound like no sonnet my lord . 
i have trouble vocalizing my thoughts/feelings/emotions . i never know how to say anything . 
is pretty sick of just ending up being a problem . 
is also having a low blood sugar and wondering if i should even do anything about it this time 
i hate it when i have the whole fucking www in front of me and i have no idea what to do with it . 
Let's get to the point . 
They say that teenagers say that teenagers scare the living shit out of me . 
i'm in a really bad mood and i might say some insensitive things and the truth is i really hope whatever i say hurts you right now and i hope it hurts a lot . i might not feel this way later and most likely i won't even mean what i say now . i aim to cause pain . because sometimes all i want is to blow up the outside world . 
my blood sugar is 446 . It's probably a good thing that i don't care that i'm slowly killing myself . 
why is facebook telling me to adopt a fucking sea turtle . i don't care about some stupid seaturtle that doesn't even exist . i'm not going to put a smile on a digital sea turtle . 
this < PROPFEMALE > chick set a music download record . i might shoot myself right now . 
my mom is probably the stupidest person i've ever been around . it's a shame there would be nothing to be gained from her death . 
Read the lines . after that . look under the surface . you can never be sure i'm saying what i'm saying because you just might not understand what i mean . 
But I alone am the one you don't know You need to keep for your ego Make me blind when your eyes close Sink when you get close Tie me to the bed post 
< PROPMALE > is Furious . 
I'm a circle incomplete , I'm a heart that barely beats . All the memories stay forever as tattoos . I'm a < PROPFEMALE > without a sky . I'm hello with no goodbye . I'm the dreams we had that never will come true . That's me with no you 
oh the irony . 
life is odd . 
i see how it is . ( stares pointedly ) 
too many mutha'uckers uckin with my shhhh 
need to put my mind somewhere else . 
holding it together . smiling . but i don't mean it . not yet . i'm slipping . 
i have an amazing talent of making absolutely everyone in my vicinity miserable . i win . 
how the fuck now brown cow . because i give up . 
I think a good friend of mine has been telling me to listen to keane . < PROPFIRST > kentopp . i think . anyway . i love them . 
Sometimes it's hard to know where I stand , it's hard to know where I am , Well maybe it's a puzzle I don't understand . Sometimes I get the feeling that I'm stranded in the wrong time where love is just a lyric in a children's rhyme , a soundbite 
Cause love is an inkless pen . It's a tavern , it's sin . It's a horrible way to begin 
I did a sick , sick thing to my love . My lack of loyalty , it swallowed her up . And she cooks me food . She squirmed and turned like a skeleton key . She left her man unattended to me . Don't call me that . Don't claim you love me cause you know that ain't true . 
and when we kissed it didnt feel poisonous and when you cried i dried off your blue eyes she smiles at me as she is falling asleep says we've gotta live the best we know how to 
Very few bands have a cd where there is only a single song that i'm only vaugely unsure about . If i like the whole cd that's an accomplishment . this band wins . 
Is it any wonder ? 
Leggo my foot in your ass . 
I woke up at 530 this morning to the sound of my mom yelling \Is everyone in this house a fucking pig . \ " I had left my jacket on the arm of the couch and the pair of pants i was going to wear the next day next to me . she then yelled at my sister and me for 30 minutes itterating the fact that we are failures in every way . " 
please don't tell me everything is wonderful now . 
I could be a real asshole to someone but i don't really want to be . mostly . 
Paranoia , paranoia Everybody's comin ' to get me Just say you never met me I'm runnin ' underground with the moles Diggin ' holes Hear the voices in my head I swear to God it sounds like they're snoring But if you're bored then you're boring The agony and the irony , they're killing me , whoa ! 
I have a cell phone now . if you want you can give me < PROPFIRST > . 
It's a funny thing because now that you're gone I don't wish you were dead anymore . 
I got a cell phone . my number is 3142469 . haha it ends in 69 
Life goes on Come of age Can't hold on Turn the < PROPFEMALE > Time rolls on Wipe your eyes Yesterday laughs Tomorrow cries 
I don't function well with humans . I need more aliens around . 
I'm just really pissed off at the moment . So if anyone wants to do anything and make me feel better that would be cool . 
I don't want politeness to get in the way of honesty . SAY what you mean . I value information over my own feelings . If it's true then it's not rude it's honest . 
drugs are fun :) 
See . I don't give a shit . because i'm happy . 
fucking jolly . 
Feeling a little indifferant . It's pretty nice . 
Some postman is grooving . To all our Love letters . 
All my life i've been over the top . I don't know what i'm doing , all I know is i don't wanna stop . 
I think about the things to say that will cause people the most amounts of pain . I usually don't say them but it's always good to be ready to truly hurt someone on a deep level . I'm not going to do that to her . But I want to . 
If god WAS one of us . I would totally smoke him out . 
Wakin up . Before I get to sleep . Cause I'm rockin this party eight days a week . 
I got a haircut . 
I'M LIKE < PROPFIRST > BOND oo69 
I'm on the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town . Waiting for someone or something to show you the way . Tired of lying in the sunshine staying home to watch the rain . And you are young and life is long and there is time to kill today 
And you run and you run to catch up with the sun , but it's sinking . Racing around to come up behind you again . The sun is the same in a relative way , but you're older . Shorter of breath and one day closer to death Every year is getting shorter , never seem to find the time . Plans that either come to naught or half a < PROPFEMALE > of scribbled lines . 
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way . The time is gone , the song is over , thought I'd something more to say 
< PROPFIRST > XIV . Band of my past . 
We get some rules to follow That and this These and those No one knows We get these pills to swallow How they stick In your throat Tastes like gold 
Oh sometimes yeah it's true you really do abuse me You get in a crowd of high class people and then you act real rude to me But oh baby baby baby baby when you love me I can't get enough I and I wanna spread the news that if it feels this good getting used Oh you just keep on using me until you use me up Until you use me up 
You’re too scared , Scared of all of it I get that feeling I’m talking to the wall Can you hear me at all My world was shaking my mind was quaking , my heart kept breaking I threw it against the wall Can anyone feel me at all Can you tell me what have I done so wrong ... to you Tell me what am I supposed to do I got a feeling , you’re falling out of love with me Tell me who am I supposed to be 
“I should be loved by you That I know is true I can’t breathe when you’re around ! ” “I should be held at night That I know is right I cant breathe when you’re around !! Look I can’t breath ! ” 
I think i might try and find ONE song for each person on my friend list . 
Rock and Roll ain't worth the name if it don't make you strut . 
Life's like a jump rope . 
I really slept . freaky . 
I got hyrdroponic shit that me and judas grow . I'M FUCKIN < PROPMALE > !!! 
. Pictures of matchstick men and you . Images of matchstick men and you . Alls I ever see is them and you . Windows < PROPFEMALE > your reflection . When I look in their direction , now . There’re faces haunting me . Your face just won’t leave me alone 
nothing to say . 
I usually hate people . they annoy me . 
And rivers seem only for drowning You fall away and then you starve To finish your painting Its gonna take time my friends You have to keep graceful dancing 
I learned how to raise my voice in anger Yeah , but look at my face , ain't this a smile ? I'm happy when life's good And when it's bad I cry I've got values but I don't know how or why 
I want to go to vegas and do a shit ton of drugs . 
I can't keep this up . Its gotten to the point where after 12 hours without sleep i actually have trouble moving . why can't i go for 50+ hours anymore . it's not fair . 
I'm insane . 
my fine is 620$ 
Sometimes you have to just shut up and GTFO . 
Wide awake at 3:30 AM . I have issues . 
We're Vinceable . 
Why are we paying so much for sneakers when they're being made by little slave kids . 
Alright the conchords have been great but i think it's time to switch musical gears for awhile . 
Wouldn't it be nice if we were older Then we wouldn't have to wait so long And wouldn't it be nice to live together In the kind of world where we belong 
Listening to pet sounds . we all need some beach boys . 
Cannot sleep . want soda . will resist . 
I'm the boom < PROPMALE > . 
We are going to get snow fucked again . Get ready . 
It is now time to find out if the Killers are any good live . This is an important moment for me . 
Now < PROPFEMALE > don't you go to sleep , it's such a bitter form of refuge . Why don't you know the kingdoms under siege and everyone needs you Is there still magic in the midnight sun , or did you leave it back in ' 61 ? In the cadence of a young man's eyes . Out where the dreams all hide 
i can find online bass lessons videos . but i can't find a structured series or course unless i pay money . ARGH 
I have a lot on my mind . Minor shit i guess . Just thoughts about life and stuff . Where i'm going and such . I think i'll write a note later . Or i'll write a blog and call it a note :) I've been happy lately . A little lonely at times but still happy . I need to go spend time with people and reconnect . I think things are looking up though . 
.... hot ...... damn ...... 
wants the acidic onslaught of burning to stop . YAYYYYYY 
hmm . not sure . but i might end up in teh hospital for a bit . 
Her hair reminds me of a warm safe placeWhere as a child I'd hideAnd pray for the thunder and the rainTo quietly pass me by 
so my mom told me that she thinks my \so called friends are thieves\ " this pissed me off so i yelled at her and now she wants me out of the house oh goody . " 
trying to calm down . 
let's all be in open relationships . FREE LOVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I like going to the park and watching the children run and jump around , because you see , they don't know I'm using blanks 
Some Voices got treble . Some Voices got bass . We got the kind of voices that are IN YOUR FACE . Like the bun to the burger like the burger to the bun . like the < PROPFEMALE > to the apple to the peach to the plum . 
She can be a bitch .... I REALLY like it ;) 
i gots teh job . 
bored . some one call me i want to do something . ugh 
rape me . 
Wish i could sleep . guhhhhhh 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > IS MY HERO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Cause I'll be rocking this party eight days a week !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( and every rap song needs a guitar solo and that is my take on the world ) 
My pistol is loaded - I shot < PROPFEMALE > Crocker Deliver Colonel Sanders down to Davey Jones ' locke rRhymin ' and stealin ' in a drunken state And I'll be rockin ' my rhymes all the way to Hell's gate 
5 in the morning . i am asleep . thank god . oh wait then my mom starts yelling at me because the thermostat is on 73 . DON\T PUT IT ABOVE 68 . i might snap and just kill her . i keep almost losing control . " 
let's have some fun . :) 
One by one they will fall . 
I have a formspring . ask me anything . make it awkward i'll love you for it . :) 
Let's kick some bass behind closed doors . 
I'm walking on sunshine . oh wait it's super overcast again . 
I want to be happy . but for some reason today i'm feeling down ? I need to somehow fix this . donuts maybe . Life is a jump rope . 
I like nothing more than a pretty girls smile and i hadn't seen a smile that pretty in awhile . 
My pistol is loaded . I shot < PROPFEMALE > Crocker . Delivered Colonel Sanders down to Davy Jones Locker . = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = I am most ill and i'm rhymin ' and stealin . 
My social security number and my name ( the name ON my SS card ) do not match . This is interesting and also not good . 
I've decided i hate tetris . 
I should be loved by you , That I know is true . I should be held at night , That I know is right . I can't breathe when you’re around . -Blue October . 
I have to block out thoughts of you so i don't lose my head . They crawl in like a cockroache leaving babies in my bed . Dropping little reels of tape to remind me that i'm alone . Playing movies in my head that make a porno feel like home . - Blue October . 
Hasn't been called Emo since highschool . lolz 
so there was some sort of important game today . and judging by the status of everyone the saints won . I don't even know who the fucking saints are . 
I'm laughing at everyone . It's delicious . 
I want to sail away to a distant shore . and make like an apeman . 
No ones around so i keep beating him . 
she makes me miss her ..... 
the full version of White Wedding by < PROPFIRST > Idol is eight and a half minutes . and i had never heard the full version before today . i feel like i've failed utterly for nearly twenty years . 
You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer . 
All the fine ladies are making a fuss but i can't pay attention cause i'm on that dust . 
If i was a chef i would say bork bork a lot more . 
Somewhere there's somebody Ain't treatin somebody right . 
I need to know how to make a < PROPFEMALE > so everyone can fan < PROPFIRST>'s ego . 
the box says serving size 1/4 package ( 163g ) i ate the whole box . i'm still hungry . 
Sometimes you get the chex mix and it's loaded with pretzels and you want to kick a baby in the face . if i wanted pretzels I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT PRETZELS . 
dear pizza . i love you . quit burning me . 
Pull me under , Pull me under , Pull me under , I'm not afraid . 
would never engage in unnecrophilia . 
pre work nap . i think so . 
it's funny how close \woman\ " and \ " GET IN THE KITCHEN BITCH\ " look . " 
a song just isn't a song unless it's over twenty minutes long . 
If you wanna find out what's behind these cold eyes ? You'll just have to claw your way through the Disguise 
oh that this too too solid flesh would melt . 
I should be loved by you . That i know is true . I can't breathe when you're around . I should be held at night . that i know is right . I can't breathe when you're around . 
I could stay a while But sooner or later I'll break your smile And I can tell a joke But one of these days I'm bound to choke And we could share a kiss But I feel like I can't go through with this 
I'm a martyr for my love for you . 
so my msn is mojojojo2466@live.com if anyone cares to know . hmm i think i can put that in my info section . I'll go check . 
i'm learning go . god help me . 
But i don't perceive her . I'm not there . I'm gone . 
i can't sleep . this sucks . 
the pickle is 100,000 short of having more fans than nickleback . oh teh lolz 
We oughta take it easy . 
Cause i'm ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLready gone . oh yeah it's an eagles day . 
You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer . Helter Skelter !!!! 
is not good enough . 
I think i'm dumb ... or maybe just happy . 
I hate days that are filled with emotional onslaughts . I need to chill the fuck out . No sadness . No anger . No emotion . I'm all good again . 
ob la di ob la da . 
feels kind of ran over . 
has a horrible headache . ugh . 
goodbye stranger ... it's been nice . 
let us not talk falsely now . for the hour is getting late . 
still feels pretty bad and is still awake . yay me . 
the pickle has more fans than nickelback . oh yes . 
skatin on orange vitamins . 
grooveshark does not seem to be working . oh my . 
Burn out today . Burn out tonight . I can't see no reason to put up a fight . I'm known for giving the devil his due . I'm burnin ' I'm burnin ' I'm burnin ' for you . 
ugh . exhausted . 
i need cookies . 
i hope my sisters die so i can laugh in my moms face when she cries about it . 
Stickin with dream theater for awhile . Images and words 
such is life . 
i don'ts wantsta gos . 
I want guitar hero and sex . nuff said . 
SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET EMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTION 
Alright these advertisements are getting out of hand . Love Def Leppard ? Love Def Leppard ? We Need 100 Movie , Music and TV Fans to Try the NEW Apple IPAD ! Qualify in 30 seconds , participation required . HOW DOES THAT RELATE AT ALL . FUCK YOU FACEBOOK 
hmm the head hurts . damn . 
facebook peruses my info < PROPFEMALE > to make custom made advertisements just for me . ahh capitalism . 
Every time i try and say something to someone on the chat they log off immediately afterwords . lame . 
really bored . someone let me know if you want to do anything . 
I'll try to love again but baby i know ..... 
Black holes and revelations . 
Don't leave me now . Leave me out in the pouring rain . With my back against the wall . Don't leave me now . 
Lady , you come across the water , Well don't you think you oughta ? Be waiting a while , Are you acting , on what your heart has told you , Is nothing gonna ' hold you , from flying away , a-ha Flying away a-ha , flying away . 
No one's gonna take me alive The time has come to make things right You and I must fight for our rights You and I must fight to survive 
let's get to the point . 
Come ride with me Through the veins of history I'll show you how god Falls asleep on the job And how can we win When fools can be kings Don't waste your time Or time will waste you 
Needs to remember to log off ... 
lost track of how many hours i've been awake . in zombie mode . 
is sick . my tonsils are the size of golfballs . i'm not joking . they are really that big . i feel like utter shit . glad i don't work today . tomorrow might suck though . 
still feel sick . still have to work . stay away from taco < PROPFEMALE > today . 
ugh . nothing much . 
some things annoy me . a lot . 
coming down . and i hate it . i wish i was better than human . 
hooray new friends :D 
still awake . probably won't sleep for awhile . can you spell amphetamines . 
and headache . 
lonely is the night . 
love is love not fade away . 
i'm crazy about a girl name < PROPFEMALE > . 
i want to get a map and put it on a wall and put a thumb tac in all the places i visit . but first i have to travel to the corners . 
i'm happier than i've been in a LONG time . she's simply wonderful . 
Cause i just can't seem to drink you off my mind . - Stones . 
Love in an elevator ;) 
energizer < PROPFEMALE > . and i miss my babe . 
I see that wall . 
eating makes me hungry . 
some kind of wonderful . 
going to see one of my favorite bands tonight . on this the day of my daughters ..... oh wait no it's just my birthday . 
We can live beside the ocean . Leave the fire behind . Swim out past the breakers . And watch the world die . 
the doctor wrote on the paper . and now i can get the pills . 
Where you going\ 
What you looking for\ 
You know those boys\ 
Don't want to play no more with you\ 
It's true 
baby in T-minus 5 ... 4 .... 
< PROPFIRST > needed to update his status :P - love < PROPFEMALE > 
there is someone whom i could not stop myself from hurting until they were too weak to ever want to live again . and i'm a nice guy . 
pop quiz whats a llama with a head on both ends . i know cassa knows 
leaving for a week . if you'd like to pretend to care then go for it :) 
Its been a long time , been a long time , \ 
Been a long lonely , lonely , lonely , lonely , lonely time . \ 
Yes it has . 
bout to get on the bus home . you all can resume customary worship and offerings tomorrow . 
getting a car ....... 
if anyone sees any cars they think i would like for under 2100 let me know . i hate trucks and jeeps . and i love small cars . 
Blah blah black ops 
my friend < PROPFIRST > just suggested that we have pokeballs for women . 
What is love ? \ 
\ 
Baby don't hurt me . \ 
no more . 
this is the spot that everyone types their frustrations into . Hoping one of the 200 plus people it's being fed to will show support or sympathy in some way . This nation needs to be coddled . 
