I am humored that we are translating words to digitize old books with each one of those security types . Kinda cool . Guess it's one way to put us slackers to work . 

I actually got to GO HOME tonight . What an original concept . Only two more baseball games left to go this season . Woohoo ! Wish I had had twins . At least they would be on the same teams . 
I now have a hole in my yard as long as my arm in an attempt to retrieve the stuck water hose SOMEBODY ( who is 8 years old ) stuck down it with the water running . I can't dig any deeper unless I dig a hole wider than myself . I guess I'll just cut it off 
12 hour car ride with whole family to Chetek tomorrow . I wish it was Saturday already so I could just be cruising the lakes . Thank goodness for DVD players and SNACKS 
Switching over both boys wardrobes today . Yuck , but as usual , we tried on pants and they were 2 inches too short 
Can you believe they are fighting because < PROPFIRST > \stole\ " Corbin's dinner . Ahhhh !! " 
In nagging mode to make the 7 am bus . Oh boy . 
Powerwashing is fun ! For the first 1/2 hour for so . Deck is done . Hopefully I won't have to sand too much before sealing it . 
Wants to know WHY an 8 year would think its a good idea to throw meatloaf at his brother , repeatedly , while Mom's taking a shower . He's going to have a REALLY boring week now after the walls are cleaned up . 
Did we have this much homework in grade school ? I don't remember doing any homework until at least Jr. High and even then I kept it to a minimum . My 3rd grader has 10 sheets a week and it is wearing ME out . I have become a professional nagger ! 
Of course it's a holiday weekend . When else would a large section of shingles fall off my roof into my backyard ? At least it's not supposed to rain . 
Not sure exactly what's going on in my house today but it seems to involve lego men , knex men , army men , a battleship , an aircraft carrier , two stories , a balcony , a rope , and two little boys in their underwear . 
And so begins soccer season with an 8 am game . 
And its raining , and raining , and raining . Let's hope my incorrectly installed roof decides to stay put 
Yeah !! After 5 years or so , several medication trys , one spinal cord untethering , the current pills , and a patch , today's appointment at < PROPMALE > says we have finally conquered < PROPFIRST>'s spastic bladder ( or at least now have it under control ) . I'm just going to ignore what those patches are costing me . 
I am so excited . I get the whole weekend with my husband and NOT the boys . It's been years since I've been able to ditch them ;) 
I just found myself singing Presidential Boogie for my boys because we were talking about songs that help you remember things . Amazingingly enough , it's all still in my head . No wonder I can't remember anything new anymore lol 
I think we bought the toughest pumpkins ever to carve this year . In the end , < PROPMALE > got out power tools . The things we teach our boys . 
The boys are gone until tomorrow afternoon somewhere in Southern Indiana , < PROPMALE > just left for Sweden . The whole house to myself . Whoohoo . Some friends coming over for ladies night later . Life is good . 
Corbin is convinced we need to go to the Air Force museum in Dayton this weekend . Wasn't really planning on going anywhere this weekend , but we'll see . 
Yesterday , ate way too much turkey , saw the new < PROPFEMALE > Trek , introduced the boys to < PROPMALE > Python's Holy Grail , and played Wii with the boys who stayed up until 2am ( Mom and Dad DIDN'T ) . Today ( excuse me , there is supposed to be a ' we ' here per my 6 year old grammer police ) went to Wright Patterson Airforce Base to see the planes at the museum . All in all a good two days . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > play What Child Is This on his violin and I can RECOGNIZE it . All that money is finally starting to pay off . 
Corbin , at the age of 6 has just made his first musical . He's going to be in the Music Man in March . He's in the boys band . I was proud of him as went up on that big empty stage and sand < PROPFIRST > Indiana all by himself . Watching him try to dance choreography for the first time was entertaining . 
To drive or not to drive . Guess we'll decide tomorrow morning after we check the weather again . So far looks ok til the WI border , but the Dells to Sparta looks scary . 
We made it to WI . The roads never really iced over , but the temp hovered between 30-34 from mid-Illinois on . I think we dodged a bullet and am very happy to be home for Christmas . 
TRYING to clean carpets . Whoever thought white carpet was a good idea should be shot . Seriously considering just getting new carpet . It will NOT be white . ( And no , I didn't pick it , it came with the house ) 
< PROPMALE > is outside with a fire for the new year . It's also attracted 3 boys and a dog lol 
Oh-ho the Wells Fargo Wagon is a .... something thecial , juth for me . Look , itth the band inthruments ( repeatedly from Corbin's room ) 
By the piano . 
Ahhh ! Now they have to go to school into summer vacation . Figures . 
Send my kids outside to sled and somehow ended up with 5 in my house 
FINALLY done painting the bedroom . Now to remove all the tape , tarps , 20 foot extension ladder ... ... ... and put all the furniture back . 
Ack ! Just looked at a calendar . Soccer starts in TWO weeks . It had better warm up . 
What happens when you're almost seven and think it's funny to cut all the bananas ? You eat them all , even after you tried to hide them in the garbage after Mom told you to eat them . 
Thermometer says 32 . Due on the soccer fields in about 1/2 hour . Soccer in am , baseball evaluations in afternoon , 7 year old boys for slumber party after baseball . If I don't repost by 1 tommorrow someone please come rescue me ! 
The Easter < PROPFEMALE > brought water guns . Now there are naked , very recently soaked boys brushing their teeth for bed . 
Thought I had a hideous head cold starting Friday . Cold medicine wasn't helping much . Suffered all weekend . Saw we have record tree pollen counts , re-examined my symptoms , talked to the company nurse , and Zyrec D to the rescue . I guess I can no longer say I don't have allergies . Isn't age fun ? 
Vegas was great . Saw the Thunder Down Under , Phantom of the Opera ( highly recomend ) , and Cirque de Solei's Love . Which I had more time and a lot more money to stay longer . 
In Washington DC . There is a made from scratch cake shop just around the corner . It's right next to the PEEP store . Who knew there was a whole store for peeps ? Oh yeah , and the Godiva store on the other block . My butts glad I don't live here lol 
At the payroll national convention . At dinner tonight there was a legal disclaimer on the table for the party afterwards . What's with that ?! Then I got to the party room where they were serving alcohol and the first thing I see is someone being strapped into a metal ball cage to be used as a human bowling ball . Now I know lol . There were many other activities also . 
Just spend 4 days in close proximity of Corbin . Corbin never shuts up lol . Now I understand why < PROPFIRST > is always trying to get away . 
Going to be humid in the upper 90's with intermittent thunderstorms tomorrow . We picked a great day to dig the holes and set the posts and floor frame for the fort/treehouse . Wish us luck ! 
I hear my children singing Pink < PROPMALE>'s the Wall . Together . The song is not currently playing in my house . Hmmm . 
Gave in and went to see it . Does it count as cheating if your fiance is within \listening\ " distance and you all know he's there ? " 
Corbin has finished Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing , < PROPFEMALE > the Great and just asked for Superfudge . Whoo hoo . I love being able to hand my kids book I liked . 
Just finished recalculating amortization tables to decide if I should refinance . Ugh ! The answer is yes , interest rates are very low 
School starts tomorrow . I guess I should go get school supplies lol 
Technology's great . They boys can see just where Daddy's airplane is . Currently he's over Canada and about to hit the Atlantic . It's much easier to show them than to try and explain 
I love kids . According to the conversation I'm overhearing you can only be arrested if you can dial the phone . That's why babies can't be arrested . 
My neighbors are great . Went to search out the boys who had been missing for a few hours . Found our neighbor with a karate suit , Darth Vader helmet , and a shepherds crook about to have a super ninja battle with the kids . 
My closet just attacked me . I either need to get better hangers for the < PROPMALE > than the cheapie plastic things the house came with or quit hanging up my clothes . The whole < PROPMALE > came down 
Ah , opening day of soccer season with picture day . Hasn't rained in about a month . Is raining and should all morning . If we didn't need the rain so bad , I'd be upset . 
Filled the hot tub last night . It's finally cold enough to consider using it . Now if it would just RAIN . Even my evergreen , viny stuff is half dead . 
Had a totally I'm old moment at the grocery . Picked up Gremlins since I thought the kids would like it . The cashier and the high school bagger were talking about it and he'd never even HEARD of it . * sigh * 
At least now MY children can't say they don't know what Gremlins is . 
Saw the horos thing below . I did NOT post that . It seems to be some kind of scam so beware and stay away . 
Ugh Spent all day going through the boys clothes . Everything shrunk by a couple of inches on both of them . 
The boys have discovered Game Stop . I'm in trouble now lol . Corbin already wants to preorder Call of Duty Black ops . 
Just got back from a family walk which seemed to require a bow and arrows , a machete , and a bb gun . 
Looking for an optometrist who is good with kids . Any recommendations < PROPMALE > friends ? 
1 . \ 
Go to Google maps . 2 . Go to maps and then directions 3 . Type Japan as \ 
the start location . 4 . Type < PROPFEMALE > as the end location . 5 . Go to \ 
direction #43 . 6 . Laugh , and repost . 
Just got in from the hot tub and Yeah ! its snowing ! 
From Corbin : My friend says < PROPFEMALE > isn't real but he's wrong because nobody's parents are going get up in the middle of the night just to set out presents . 
Listening\ 
to < PROPFIRST > at the age of 9 preparing for solo and ensemble . I don't \ 
think he even really knows what he's signed up for lol 
Home from Great Wolf . Boys had a blast and are exhausted . Got the tree up before we left . 
Can't I just decide what I want to gift and have it magically appear without that shopping step ?! 
I want a hippopotamus for ... 
Come snow . They boys want to sled tomorrow . 
Overheard today : < PROPFIRST > : I bet you don't know what 1,000 x 1,000 is . Corbin : It's 1 million J : Ha , you're wrong , its 2,000 . Mom : < PROPFIRST > , Corbin's right . J : Corbin , you're a nerd . C : Mom , < PROPFIRST > called me a nerd . M : That's ok . Nerds grow up to make a lot of money . C : Ha , < PROPFIRST > , I'm going to make more money than you ! Brotherly love . 
I have a very happy boy . ( The other one will be happy too when he wakes up lol ) I'm also appreciating a hidden benefit of living right next to a school . They plow there first . Hadn't really thought about it before 
< PROPFIRST > skied for the first time today . Much falling involved . Corbin tubed all day 
I loved a ninja in my car because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
There are 4 bathrooms in this house . How can they possibly fight over who is using ONE ! Boys ! 
Does anyone know how to make food magically appear in my house ? I hate going to the grocery store 
Teaching the boys to cook . Gave them a couple of cook books and said pick something . They picked confetti chicken which looks like a lemon < PROPFEMALE > recipe with red potatoes and red pepper . In the oven now . 
Tonight the boys have decided to cook Broiled Fish Minceur . It will be catfish broiled with a clam juice/worcestershire based sauced served with steamed beans ( green , waxed , purple thingies ) and carrots . < PROPFIRST > ( 9 ) picked it . 
Ugh Usually don't watch the local weather on TV . Wish I hadn't tonight . Next week's going to suck 
Yeah ! Power ! Now to get the house over the 50something its at 
< PROPFIRST > just completed his first solo and ensemble and got a gold for his solo . He was super excited . 
According to Corbin , the spider he just vacuumed up is either dead or super-duper dizzy 
Boys just watched their first complete Super Bowl . Picked a good one ! 
Corbin asked my earlier this week if I was born in the nineteen hundreds . The answer is yes , but I really don't want to hear it put that way ! 
FB is at it again . Wondering why you're only seeing status updates from the same people ? Facebook has changed its News Feed so that by default you only see updates from people you have recently interacted with ! To change this click the arrow next to ' most recent ' then \edit options\ " and tick the box to receive updates from ALL friends . Most importantly - repost this ! Only a few of your friends will actually see it . " 
Today I learned that overfilling one's hot tub so you create a waterfall into the electrical components is a fairly expenses mistake . ( At least they got it repaired before it freezes tonight ) 
Corbin says he doesn't like it when a lot of people invade his house . Can you say INTROVERT ! 
Slumber party . 8 year olds . Bet its gonna be a long night 
< PROPFIRST > played tonight with an all area orchestra . 125 string players at once under their regular directors and the < PROPMALE > Philharmonic director . Even played a piece in 5/4 . He loved it 
