up late tonight , and flying home ealy tomorow . :) happy new years everyone ! 

93.3 definitely makes the world a far better place . :) 
Ice cream ? In the morning ? Heck yes . 
Is seeing Converse ... ( watching Grease ) .... < PROPFIRST > Travolta is a cheezeball . 
To those of yo who know what i'm talking about ... GAHHHH ! 
So tired .... 
is Choppin firewood for camp tomorow ... Party . 
my dog ate the < PROPFEMALE > smore award ... Only a few of you know what i'm talking about . 
\What can make a hippopatamous SMIILLEE ?? \ " gahhhh . " 
is in denial that tomorow is camp , and is ridiculously cranky right now . I almost feel bad for my parents ... almost . 
hates this hot of weather . 
is tired . 
had a pretty good day . teh new hp movie had some AWESOME visual effects , i guess i ought to read the seventh one now .... 
hmmm .... what to do , what to do .... 
is finally reading the seventh < PROPMALE > potter . No one has to yell at me anymore , haha . 
hates humidity . with a passion . 
Actually went to mass today .... * gasp * and liked it ... * bigger gasp * 
HAS STARTED THE SUMMER HOMEWORK ! with only one week left of being home to have time to do it . Then ... Canada . 
urggghhhh ..... denial ends tomorow . 
Air travel = :) 
feels like she hasn't had summer at all ... been too busy . :/ 
Is considering actuallly working on summer homework .... * gasp * 
Finished The Book Theif ( which was good ) , and is now 21 poems into the poetry book ( which sucks ) . History , what history ? 
is tired . and going to have to call the school for her schedule tomorow , seeing as i'm in canada . small problem . 
Quebec = amazing . 
got her backpack stolen . In FREAKING CANADA . damn french canadians . 
has to go shopping to replace all my stuff that got stolen by that shit head canadian dumb ass . 
gets to go through customs tomorow , sans a passport . fabulous . 
dear parents : thanks for fucking up my life . 
maybe i should actually start the histroy homework now ... 
DONE . DONE DONE DONE DONE . DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE . DONE . 
is enjoying her last few hours of freedom . * sigh * 
is having a pretty good day , and is looking forward to a pretty good evening ! :) 
is feeling kinda agitated ... and is liable to take it out on algebra 2 . 
bleh . 
yayyyy , only 20 more assignments to go ! FML 
Hot Damn ! I've gotten 21 assignments done in one day . 
you know what makes homework go away faster ? a lighter . 
is so tired . and overwhelmed . 
Loves band ! :) 
Is having a pretty damn good day ! (' bout time ) 
Dear Block One Pomranka english : YOU SHOULD ACTUALLY READ THE ASSIGNED STORY !! We're giving out treats to people who wupply answers or who know what the're talking about in class ... And they're really yummy treats ! 
anybody know if you can check grades online ? if so , where ? 
just freaked out becaus ei htought the element search and model thingy was due tomorow ... whew . It's not , right ? 
IB teaches us to appreciate the little things ; like sleep OR caffeine . 
Is going to bed , and is glad that this terrible day is over . * sigh * 
is slightly irked right now . 
kinda never wants to read about zinc again . 
Fell THREE times at band , and dropped Zinc . Today , is not my day . Had a good time though ! ( despite the rain , and the purple and blue bruised knee ! ) 
might just have the most epic to do list ever . I even made it multicolored . and it's two pages . 
alrighty ... what are the online databases ? 
study for the english test ? I think not . 
is the < PROPFEMALE > of quality TV veiwing .... Children's comedy movies anyone ? 
productive night ? probly not . 
to work on history or not to work on history ... 
People I actually know : I'm gonna go freaking crazy unless I see people over the weekend . Please , please , visit !! 
rescued the Dog's Blinky ball from the creek ... I feel heroic . ;) 
dear forensics people : GOOD LUCK ! have fun !! 
Isearch for a way to avoid working on my Isearch . Ifail . 
is having one of the most fantastic weekends of my life ! 
is visiting hte procrastination nation yet again . 
feels like screaming for some reason ... 
I'm really gonna miss my independance . Really , really gonna miss it . 
20 notecards done ... only 30 to go !! 
finds her father to be a most obnocious and rude human being . 
You know you're a nerd when you can twirl your spaghetti on your fork without ever putting down the pencil or looking away from the textbook . Yeah , sad moment . 
can see the future : I be in IB , thus , I be a masochist . 
Dear Demmel : If you wanted to be so enviromentally friendly , don't assign a notecard project that wastes so much of our tiem AND paper . Just sayin . 
after last nights 50 notecard epic adventure , I dont ' think homework is on tonights agenda . 
Best example ever of internal conflict : To like Twilight , or not to like Twilight ? 
is finally gonna catch up on sleep ! and then probly go without for two days . fantastic ! 
Does not understand the obssession with Farmville . But does understand the band obsession ! We did great !! 
Is having a pretty sweet birthday ! Thanks everyone ! 
Had the best birthday ever ! Thanks for the many well wishes , the great company , and the prospect of a great year ! 
woud like to thank 93.3 for giving me music worthy of flooring it and making a twenty five minute drive shorten to 15 . FUN . 
good music , not much homework , and a new awesome ringtone . Life is good !! 
alrighty : anybody have music they'd recomend for driving ? ( has a beat , energetic , and different than other stuff , etc ? ) 
Dear Mr. Pibb soda , please take out your evil cousin PIB . Soon . 
is legitimately excited to judge forensics on saturday ! 
Anybody have the fomat of demmels debates ? I was gone and want to know what's going on with them . 
Anybody else having flashbacks to The Good Earth ? 
hells freaking yes . debate case for history : 3 minutes exactly , with voice inflection . be afraid , be very afraid . 
fianlly has some motivation . :) 
ummm ... my laptop came .... i think i'm so happy i'm in shock ... 
is so happy ! the laptop is set up ( typing this on it now ) and it's so awesome ! and so portable : it's about the same size as a < PROPMALE > potter paperback ( even down to the third one) ! 
is at panera , with yummy cocoa , away from my family ... and working on a lab write up . Which one does not fit with the others ? 
moving itunes music from one computer to another = one giant pain in the ass . 
should really finnish the math/chemistry/english/history homework , but i don't feel like it , so ... no . 
was pretty angry with the world today ... and homework is not helping that right now . 
My homepage is now facebook . This is why I love having my own laptop . 
spent the evening watching dumb ass chick flicks and yelling at dumb ass characters for being dumb asses . I feel this is a good way to release anger . 
Micrsoft Vista ... Meet your nemesis . 
Would just like to remind everyone that forensics is selling cookie dough : You should all buy some . ask me what yummy flavors we have and buy some -- you don't have to pay at purchase , just at delivery ! 
is not overjoyed at this weather .... 
Dear st vrain valley school district : I take it back . <3 
finds it ridiculously unfair that I have to do my Isearch . 
everyone should e-mail demmel saying that since day two poeple got an extension on isearch , we should get one too !!!!! DO IT ! 
demmel e-mailed me : day one is definitely due tomorow ... day two due monday . Yeah , love you too demmel . 
Is drinking a triple shot mocha . Nothing can stop me from writing my isearch now ... except facebook . 
Is in her element : I'm stressed , caffeinated , and committing to more things thn i should . But hey , i'll laugh a lot , and i'll have a good story by the time it's done ! :) 
Loves how everybody associates me with caffeine . 
1,605 words . Suck on that , demmel ! 
is SUPER excited for tomorrow !!! 
Thinks everyone should dress up for Halloween , if you don't then we know you're too lame to put any effort in ! 
Had a fantastic night , and already can't wait for next Halloween ! This is definitely my favorite holiday ! 
saw a christmas commercial just now . Is this as freigthening as I think it is ? 
Loved Wicked ! ( for the second time ) and had a fantastic weekend ! hopefully this week won't suck as some kind of back-ass < PROPFEMALE > . 
is having one of those nights where all I can do is count the days until I can leave . Not gonna lie , it's not a pleasant night here . 
Dear Chemistry for Dummies : Thank you . 
is finally having a low stress night . :) 
finds it ridiculously irritating that teachers ( MATH ) say , \don't procrastinate on your homework\ " and yet they procrastinate on posting the assignment . GRRRR . " 
I'm realizing that having a < PROPMALE > idez of what i want to do and exactly how to get there is not the norm ... hmmm , that would explain some things lol . 
Did not have a great day , is not in a great mood , and is not looking forward to tomorow . I do believe that optimism is NOT in vocabulary today . 
is watching Kung Fu Panda ... the night is greatly improved because of this . :) 
Finds it sad when the choice to be happy is considered naive . People who choose to be happy see far more than those who choose only to see the downside of life , so how is that naive ? 
might as well move to procrastination nation . I visit way too often . 
Is it sad that I'm uber excited to not have to haul any materials for three outta four classes tomorow ? That means : No Algebra 2 text book , No chem text book , and no history binders . GLORIOUS . 
has never laughed so much on a wednesday before today . Fantastic day , and fantastic friends . :) I love band ! 
Gretel : I saw you smoking the other day . Why ? Chorus : peerpressure . Peerpressure . Hansel : Smoking is cool . It makes me feel like a man . A cool man with a deep , masculine cough . Gretel : Drugs aren't cool ! Hansel : Everyone's doing it . It lets you fly . Gretel : I don't want to ! Chorus : Peerpressure . Peerpressure . Hansel : Fine , I will . narrator 1 : then he jumped off a < PROPMALE > . Hansel : I can fly ! Maybe . Narrator 1 : He died . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- If you're reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
< PROPFIRST > Perry : Making a career out of multiple personality disorder . 
Is typing up script for < PROPFEMALE > Thornbury and I for our duo . Up to 10 pages . About a third through . Just a wee bit frustrated/bored/irritated/FML/looking forward to being done/etc . 
script typing : finished . Word count : 5,584 . Now ... to memorize it . By saturday . 
Just a quistion : Did anybody else spaz out a little when they noticed that there was an article by < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ( guns , germs , and Steel guy ) on the PLAN test ? Little delayed in asking but oh well . 
Is supremely out of practice on trumpet . ( ouch ) 
is definitely a creeper . ( yay forensics ) 
Itunes is up and running !! YAY !! in other words , I have outsmarted my previously defiant iPod and it is now bending to the will of my laptop . 
My sister is here ! and forensics tomorow ! and < PROPFEMALE > trek ! And break ! life is good . 
is becoming way too familiar with starbucks at 5:30 in the morning over break . 
is a pro at last minute grocery runs . Four trips thus far . 
is probably rather immature , but my facebook in pirate is endlessly amusing . 
had to come home and scan new < PROPFEMALE > for all the reasons I hate < PROPMALE > . damn you movie , for making < PROPFIRST > a constipated emo , and < PROPMALE > a shirtless steroids hottie ! 
is rather depressed to see facebook stuff about finals . * sigh * there goes any sleep i may have gotten in the next three weeks . 
will be driving to school tomorow ! :D 
is a wee bit stressed . TGILS . ( LS being late-start for those outside of the higschool society ) 
tea , fuzzy slippers , lit candle , music , and algebra 2 h/w . Which of these is not like the others ? 
\the forensics team has this complex ... we think we're a sports team . \ " <-- Me explaining why forensics got uber awesome water bottles . " 
{ *^$) @(#& @_ &Y @_ ( PF CASE #$%(&#(&^ #A (%* #@^$ grrr . 
Dear Facebook populace , I really don't want to see your irrational , ill-supported , ignorant political opinions on my news feed . Please abstain from posting them . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > . 
is still pumped from yesterday's victory in 4n6 , even though homework is doing a fine job of trying to kill that joy . :) 
Dear Chem , I hate you with a passion as explosive as magnesium . 
is memorizing band music for a parade I won't get to go to becasue I have to be at the Niwot Forensics Meet . Not sure how I feel about this ... 
you know what day I want a snowday ? TUESDAY . the day one , which has English project due , chem crap due , Algebra two to suffer through , and history to suffer through . Come on Mother Nature , you can do it ! 
it's a little sad when your to do list is longer than the family grocery list ... 
Dear Mother Nature , You have failed me . Signed , Angry now-non-believer . 
is very very frustrated with yahoo mail right now . 
Oh chemistry , Oh chemistry , I'd really like to burn you .... ( oh christmas tree tune ) 
is wondering who all knows they will do IB ? ( I'm one of them ) 
nothing like good Jazz music to offset nasty Chemistry . 
it feels weird to actually have free time .... what am I forgetting ? 
is involved in way too many Secret Santas ... though each of my receiving people is going to love love love what I got/made them . 
not particularly looking forward to the next few days , but then .... FORENSICS < PROPFEMALE > MEET !!!!! oh , and break . :D 
why yes , I am on facebook during finals . Rebel , I know . 
yay finals . yay coffee . I'm writing a letter to starbucks and Winot coffee when this is all over . 
done with finals and psyched for forensics !! 
packing ! :) 
in chicago ... yay ? 
baking cookies and then the family diner tonight . let the chaos begin ! 
how to sum up the family during the holidays in one word : woah . 
apparently fails at gift wrapping ... 
Is very gratefull for the fantastic friends and interesting family she has , happy holdays , and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of you ! 
biggest downide of the holidays : sleeping on the floor in a closet each night . I kid you not ; on the floor , in a closet , every night . 
driving to Ohio today , in other words , sleeping a lot today . :) ( and reading the sequel to The Hunger Games ! :D ) 
oh yeah , school . Forgot about that . 
homework is finished , ya know , I'd almost be a little irritated if we got a snow day . almost . 
dear awkward kid in hallway : PLEASE MOVE FASTER ! You're slower than the ones who think they're gangsta ' yo . 
watching criminal minds and searching colleges ... 2 & 1/2 years ... * sigh * 
would love very much if all I had to do tonight was read magazines and play piano . Sadly , that is not the case . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Rieder , < PROPFIRST > Harroun , & < PROPFIRST > Herbst ..... Best meeting ever . Just sayin ' . 
1,011 words in my lab report . And I have absolutely no idea what's in there . Awesome . 
probly not going to be a productive night in terms of homework ... but who cares , right ? It's Thursday after all . 
< PROPFEMALE > Thornbury & I took second at the < PROPMALE > mountain meet in duo ! And congrats to the rest of our awesome team for doing so well yesterday ! 
Replaced the batteries in her calculator for the first time since 7th grade ... Pretty exciting . 
is it really only monday ? 
I always find it amusing that people use facebook ... to complain about facebook . Nice job folks . 
well ... after 5 hours of anti-social stuck-at-home goodness , I can now honestly say ... nothing . I am the same as I was five hours ago . Awesome . 
gave up on trying to explain her mood today , and just started using sound affects and facial expressions . Sadly , this was the high point of the day . 
I used the word paradigm in my essay ... lol . 
Done with homework ? before nine PM ? what is this madness ? 
Not in a great place/mood right now .... but oh well , that's what I have sarcasm and passive agressiveness for ! 
procrastinated on stuff I need to get done in order to make a pretty list of all the stuff I need to get done . It's rainbow colored . 
Bright side : < PROPFEMALE > Thornbury and I are going to STATE ! Down side : I've lost my voice . Moral of the story : Voldemort/possessed voice in three rounds back to back is a bad idea . 
can now do a full octave scale on trumpet without sounding nasty or scaring my dog ! Although he still stares at me like he's planning on eating it if I play the thing anymore . 
working on history with Lindsey ... yay distractions . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > has a Facebook !!!! 
well after some awkward conversations , high irritation levels , a LOT of work , and an overall busy day , my stress level is now back at zen . :) 
Watching Drumline :) 
enjoying having actual time to spend with her sister . :) thanks colorado weather ! 
working on the MGRR with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , you know it's going to be a productive day when you spend more time justifying lunch AND starbucks instead of working . 
up to 6 1/2 things done ! take that EmGrrrrrrr ! 
Oh MGRR ... or better translated , Um , GRRRRRRRR . Oh how do I loathe thee ? Let me count the ways .... 
Aladdin is on ABC ... Life is good . 
Hmm , apparently the weather didn't get the memo that today is supposed to be pretty , springy weather ... oh well , Happy Easter ! 
watching Pride and Prejudice ... confirming that it's still my favorite music soundtrack . :) 
Not surprisingy , writing a physics paper about the flute has sucked a little joy out of life . Now for the MGRR to finish the job .... 
So I'm done with MGRR ... why don't I feel any different ? This is like brithdays , you should feel different and fantastic , but is still feels the same as yesterday . Huh . 
So tomorrow's the day ... I think I now have soulfinger engraved into my brain from practicing lol . To all bandos : be there or be ... without a vote . So be there ! :) 
Is very very excited for next year ! :) 
there's the godzilla that is homework , stomping on my zen city ... 
Learned the glories of dragging my blind ( loved ) dog inside from behind the fence along a muddy , sloping creekside in the dark with a creepy rustling sound coming from ten feet away . Fun . 
Today is going to be pretty darn awesome . :) 
Tonight was pretty awesome !! Well , beside the whole gettig lost in sketch-ville while low on gas thing ... still worth it ! 
hopes that there is a wind beneath the wongs of the schools asbestos ! come school ... close ! 
