I'm a home owner ! 

< PROPFIRST > is sad . < PROPFIRST > needs his wingman 
Been working 13 Days straight ... Thats 156 hours of my life I will never get back . And everyone wonders why I drink . 
There is no one in Eastern Oregon . After half a beer at the empty local pud , I decided to go to visit my fellow ruggers in Portland . 
I get to drive all the way to Minnesota and spend 17 days there . I hope I can escape . At least I can piss people off after < PROPMALE > Bush runs all over the Vikings 
There are always good things and bad things in life ... The benifit about living in The USA is the opportunity of making the best of life ... 
My goal .. be fast enough ... be strong enough ... be smart enough to make it at super league . I'm not blowing smoke ... want to be pushed ... want to learn ... let me know ... I want you to push me back . In MN this week but next week .. who knows ? 
I haven't hit anyone in 65 days and stuck in MN .... Getting angry ... 
gobble gobble 
Can't sleep ... Too excited . Tomorrow is going to be better than going to Disneyland 
Thanks everyone ! Had the best birthday weekend I could ever imagine . A little dissapointed now because there is no way number 26 or beyone will live up to it . 
Now I know why it isn't a good idea to drink and snowboard . You get more balls and less talent . 
< PROPFIRST > is ready to head back home 
Goif on Saturday , Skiing on Sunday . Pretty good weekend . 
My new snowboard should be delivered tomorrow . And I'm going home Friday . Life is good today . 
It's like the night before Christmas ... excited to go home again . 
You never realize how much shit you aquire until you try to move from one hotel to another .... yes ... one HOTEL to ANOTHER . 
Saw a turkey on my project near Bickelton ( that's bum fuck Washington for all you city folk ) . I gobbled at him ... he gobbled back ... made the day a little better . 
I may only be 25 . But when I take a look back on what I've done in life , there is only one thing to say .. \Thank GOD someone took pictures ! \"" 
I love my adopted state of Arizona . They don't rely on the federal government . They take care of it themselves ! 
Maggotfest .... It's like Christmas in the Spring . 
Played great rugby and got an invite to tour with the Gypsies .... What a Maggotfest ! 
Gobble Gobble ... Turkeys walk the plateau of Washington like a gang . I swear they were packing heat . 
Happy remember the Alamo day ! Mexican's don't celebrate this day , but God bless < PROPFEMALE > for finding yet another excuse to drink ! I join our tradition of explaining our alcoholism . 
It's been way too long since I've been home . But it's always like Christmas when I do . 
Not only did I go white trash and live in a 5th wheel . But made it a box wine Saturday . 
Breakfast in the morning never makes the list of decisions when I wake up . Usually it is to shower or not . Don't worry , about 90% of the time I get up in time for that . But thank god for brinner . Bacon before bed is always a good feeling . 
In Salt Lake City . Half way there ... Colorado better get ready . 
WTF ? Have not decided if I like < PROPMALE > or not . Hot chicks , cold receptions , free booze , roller coasters , shitty traffic , big black bouncers , < PROPFIRST > Elway , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and god damn < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Ok ... so only played 1/2 of a game in Steamboat Springs before I dislocated my right wrist and tore all the ligaments . Yes I have to have surgery when I get back but this was one hell of a tourni ... gobble gooble 
Quote of the day \Try dumbing it down a little bit . You are trying to attract hot ones . Not smart ones . \"" 
Can't sleep . No breakfast tea or bicycle ride can cure this pent up aggression . Almost cut off my cast today because the wrist does not hurt and it just gets in the way . I really just want to play rugby . No doctor is going to stop me from Mobile . 
Choo Choo ... All aboard tonight's train wreck ! 
< PROPFIRST > went to the doctor today , and the verdict is I will be ready to play by Battleship . Nothing < PROPMALE > torn , just a few small ligaments in the wrist that hold all the little bones together . Though , they are in place and healing . May or may not have to put a pin in the wrist to keep this happening again , but just a small < PROPMALE > . 
Dear home ; I know I haven't seen you in a very long time , but don't you worry .... I will see you in 15 days . 
Ok ... Apparently I am dense while sober and intelligent when drunk . Also had a rule put on me tonight ... rule 1 : Don't talk to girls sober . All because a certain someone woke me up to come out of the Emu closet . Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
Wrist Update . Stopped talking to the doctor ... Don't trust her . Almost have full range of motion back . Every day it gets better and better . Will start rehab in a few weeks . It still does not hurt ... Until I crash my bicycle . Texting while riding is dangerous . 
Reaching out the feelers to all my rugby brother's and sisters . Need the word on a good social tournament for sometime around February . Anyone have any idears ? 
Last night was a long night . My Sonicare tooth brush had a slow and agonizing death . It automatically turned itself on all night and no matter how much I beat it against the wall when it did , it would not turn off . 
I shall be home in T minus 20 hours 49 minutes 
Gobble Gobble .... Sitting in the airport waiting for Allegiant air to open the ticket booth so I can go through security . I left the bar because the gianormous indian bartender smelled funny . There was no one else in there and I couldn't drink her good looking if I was in a brewery . 
The party has started ... headed to the pool 
Best feeling in the world .... Get back to the trailer all depressed because it's not my house and it is only 95*F outside . I walk in and everything is clean . Forgot I did that Thursday before my flight . 
Drink with me !.... DRINK WITH ME !! 
Winter is coming .... F-ing cold at work this morning - 30 something degrees . At least it is picking up and the days go by fast and still fun . 
Look out Arizona ... I'm coming back ! 
There is nothing good about a mirror near my bed . Can't stop smiling . Just so damn pretty . 
Here's what I can remember ... Day 1 - Thursday : Fly into Phoenix , go to drank in pool , went to Cardinals game , could not ditch < PROPMALE > ... Energizer < PROPFEMALE > that can always find me . Day 2 - Friday : Drove to Vegas , got very very drunk , showed up in Vegas , made a lot of money , can not tell about big portions of the night . Lost < PROPMALE > , lost < PROPMALE > , found < PROPMALE > . 
Day 3 - Saturday : Found < PROPMALE > , Drive to Bullhead City , jet skied the Colorado River , partied in Laughlin . Day 4 - Sunday : Drank in pool all morning , partied at the Avi , pool party and strippers . Day 5 - Monday : Drive back to Phoenix , can't drink ( hurts ) found < PROPFEMALE > still tastes good , drinking < PROPFEMALE > , fly to WA for work . Or are we ? 
PTD - Post Tour Depression . It's real and there's no cure . 
I went 1 week with absolutely no alcohol ! time to make up for lost time ..... Cheers ! 
Need to not drink more often . 4 AM and best night ever . I love Prosser 
Itching for some rugby ..... less than 24 hours and back on the pitch for another season . 
Going to go ahead and put this weekend in the \success\ " column . " 
I don't care what anyone says ! I was the fastest PROP on the pitch this weekend . 
Suprise AZ ... Almost home ! Flew from Pasco , WA to Seattle ( I'm halfway sure it's the wrong direction ) and I'm ready to piss the neighbors off ! Few more hours till the shirt comes off until Monday . 
I'm UBER excited for Mobile . New town , new adventures , and most important ... Great Rugby . 24 days and counting ... 
Need 1 more week of sunshine and a light breeze . But I have a feeling I'm just dead in the water . 
Sober < PROPFIRST > doesn’t think Drunk < PROPFIRST > is very funny . Really dude ? Jalapenos again ? 
New Orleans is full of it ... It is not flooded .. Yes , it smells like shit and mold , but still ........... bourbon street is fun . 
Too all my family and friends . Thank you for your sacrifice and service . To all those who have sacrifice their life for our country , we will be in forever debt . Today is a day in remembrance not for the living , but a day in remembrance of who served with the best that gave the ultimate sacrifice for democracy around the world to share what we take for granite . 
Alabama is a lot of fun . Lots of history and bitchen pitch to play on . At the bow of the USS Alabama . Thus Battleship Tournament . Still ... Walking down the street I think I'm going to get jumped or shot . 
< PROPFIRST > is depressed 
Is it weird to wear your duck to bed ? 
I always feel so dirty being in California 
My mommy wont get ready to go out to breakfast . So I drank from the Rockies . Hopefully she gets ready in time for lunch , other wise I need to go on a beer run . 
< PROPFIRST > is ... Happy . With a big smiley face and rubber duck . 
\What do you call a dog with no legs ? -Nothing ... He won't come anyways . \"" 
Home 
Why does it always rain on me when I'm home ? 
Tuesday night football is awesome ! Now just need a Wednesday , Friday , and Saturday night football night . 
So confused . Who are \Johnathan Pasque\ " and \ " Eddie Cummings\ " ? And why are they posting on my wall ? " 
I have my plane ticket in hand .... 30 hours 22 minutes until I land 
