If the world was full of lollipops .... be a sucker 

DUKE !!!!!!!!!! 
Blinded by the light .... 
Is about to get ready to go to the gym }: D 
Hahaha funny 
Haha they should have Facebook in drama classes . People really ? 
Dang girls lost .... that's that hurt 
Hmmm 
Is wondering in wonderland 
Thinking interracial ..? 
Finally got a new cell phone ... YES !!!! 
I pull your card , and I deal with you . I gamble with your life , is this your lucky nite 
Upset cuz we got 2nd in aau 16u state tournament 
Hmmmm 
Is bout to take a shower and go to bed 
I have a bad case of the munchies grrrrrr 
Going to practice in Columbia this weekend to get ready for Nike Memorial Day Tournament next weekend ..... so sore and bruised up from football . 
At home chillin ... think im bout to move . 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > Head ..... so sleepy . 
Trying to figure out how im going to get to docter on a lil bitt of gas 
in my own world 
so glad im back from football camp .... wheew 
football scrimmage gonna be so live today .... playing allendale .................................................................... and < PROPMALE > head 
Got big jamboree ... ( did i spell it right lol ) .... 2marow in pelion .. TIME TO GIDDY UP HORSES !!!! 
big day today ..... todays the day the warhorses start fresh and new .. time to redeem ourselves and prove to everyone that we are not losers ... time to re-up 
loving that W rite now .... so much better than a L 
last day of summer ohh nooo 
there is nothing left of you , i can see it in your eyes 
blah .. blah blah ... blah blah blah ... blaaaah blah .... hey :D 
its over , she got colder , now cant locate where her heart is 
wrote an epic story about people in english today .... we had to free-write today . ( freestyle of the top without stopping , and writing ) 
im < PROPMALE > burgandy and yall the other anchormen 
i just need some closure ... aint no turnin back for me im in it til its over 
......................................... 
bored and so tired 
so glad 2marow is a b-day .... i dont hate a-days .... buut i dont like them either 
you all needed life , so i put my heart into you . 
feeling mighty tired from practice .... it might be time to call it a night 
i have a certain lust for life ... and as it stands 
you can see it in my face , and read even it on my palm .. 
feeling so distant from everyone i know , to satisfy everyone i think i would need a clone ......... im just in my zone , i call this place the calm 
what i tend to do is to think of today as the past ... 
what i tend to do is to think of today as the past .. when you live your life slow it can waste your time real fast . 
run and tell that homeboy ! :D lmao 
you never see them to long on the ground ... you wanna be one of them 
your now talking to the most requested , the young dude that everyone is so obsessed with 
my heart has urges and feelings , something special you can fill up in the evening 
they say you get paid when you think ahead , so valentines day girl all you see is pink and red 
Hmmmm what should i do next ? 
why does barnwell have to be so boring 
i tried to tell them not to judge me cause they heard stuff 
no one has ever told you that your disguise is the most ridiculous set up 
I can smell basketball season in the air .... ( snniiiifff ) smells like the bbq on the 4th of july afternoon , and im racking my plate up . 
All along the watchtower , the < PROPFEMALE > kept her view . While all the women came and went , bedfoot servants too . Outside in the cold distance , a wild cat did growl . Two riders were approaching , and the wind begin to hoowwll . -Jimi Hendrix 
Im not the only soul , accused of hit and run . Tire tracks all across your back , i can see you had your fun ......... your just like crosstown traffic , so hard to get through to you . 
Castles made of sand melt in the sea eventually ....... 
I find it most strange that men should fear seeing that death , a necessary end , will come when it will come . - < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
Cant wait for the Horses to take the edisto cougars by surprise . 
so tired 
is going to Charleston for the day 
I feel like the coldest miami night ever , im cold but still hot so you cant decide on the sweater . 
Ok you want me up in the cage , then i'll come out in beast mode . 
she said she wanted to jump the gun , but i aint know it was loaded though ... 
I am a manic , I am a ghoul , I am in the shadows in the corner of my room . This is my coffin , this is my place of romance and no worries . 
Im kinda crazy watch crawl up a wall . Im so high i might die from the fall . 
Wake up life does get tough , no need to stress it holds you down too much . 
You got it dude . ( thumbs up ) 
Chris : Whats that climbing up the wall ? \ 
Phazahn : Oh thats my beaver .. 
Interviewer : Phazahn what are the horses doing this year . \ 
Phazahn(in shaqiulle oneal voice ): They pass me the ball . I drop step and dunk it . We gone take it all the way , thats how we do . 
she has a smile on her , that puts a smile on me 
if you were a shoting < PROPFEMALE > , you would be the one that i am looking for 
\you got to be mine foxy lady \"- jimi hendrix " 
so sweet she bad for me , but she so good I'll just take the cavity 
Championship game im blackville today at 7 .... Barnwell goin ham 
you can run up like you rambo , but you betta hit me if you know what i know 
I wish i was as bold as love ..... because there is no other feeling i would like to feel other than from the person that God sent from above . 
Are you a good Samaritan ? 
They say that they can keep the pace up , but its clear as a mirror that they dont wanna race us 
You dont need a superman , you just need a man like phazahn 
Im trapped in my mind , and the walls are so high that i cant climb them 
Ohh snap you got played .... SHOTS FIRED ( shooting fingers ) 
Goin back to Honolulu just to get that Maui Wowie 
Why did i eat so much oooohhhh , why did i drink so much oooohhhh , i hit to much mango ohhh lol 
No days off when im on , and I wont stop until the whole world know me llamo 
No days off when im on , and i wont stop until im on the top and the whole world know me llamo 
With fire in my bones , and the sweet taste of kerosene . 
i meant mhhhmmm now i see 
Wildin out hmu 
Its a cold desert right now .... 
Lets be nothing , i heard it last forever 
First speeding ticket wtf ( i feel like singing that song f *** the police ) 
It feek like Woodstock in a nigga bedroom 
She should < PROPFEMALE > , well you should < PROPFEMALE > mcdonalds cause they f***ed you all up 
The world is like mirror , if i smile in it , it will smile back . 
