frustrated ! 

I AM EXTREMELY HAPPY ..... HAPPY ? 
about the most boring day ive had in a while .. ugh !! 
Feliz año nuevo a toda mi familia en Chile !!!! \ 
Espero que pasaron < PROPFEMALE > noche de vispera de año nuevo felices y borracho/as jajajaja . Abrazos , besos , y bendiciones . 
My bf gets the munchies when he's drunk .. and he just happened to tell me that the CATS food looks pretty good at the moment . uhmmmm yeah ... lmfao 
HAPPY MOTHERUCKING NEW FUCKING YEARS EVERYONE !!!!!! I HOPE U ALL R DRUNK AS FUCK RIGHT NOW !!!!!! 2011 HERE I COME !!! 
happy 1st of 2011 !!!! who is still drinking !!! 
2012 is just 1 year away ... gotta make the most of 2011 cuz next year the world is going to shit ... or is it ? 
OMFG UR COMPUATER IS FINE !!! geez !!! 
Ready for 2012 . 
BORED ! sundays are always so boring . 
never thought this day would be so soon ... I'm gonna be a mommy :) 
LMFAO !!!! That Last Post Was An April FooLs !!! :-D 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference 
This internet connection is pissing me off !!! 
Really excited to drag my boyfriend along to go see Sex and the City tonight !!... lol 
Regrets dragging her bf along to see sex n the city . Worst chick flick and movie in general i've seen in a while . Made me ashame to be a woman . 
Waiting 4 best buy 2 call me back , they said 5 mins . Its been 45 ... This sucks ;( 
bored and irritated ... blah 
\ A pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity . An optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty . \"" 
About to do some job applications soon , wish me luck . So not looking forward to answering about 100 questions of the same bullshit . Every online application has them .. Have u ever lied ? Do u love working with ppl ? Etc . N I'm sitting here wondering if they realize that people just lie when answering ? Well at least I do 
I've lost my way ... 
Its funny when ur bf gets mad at u for getting mad at him for playing xbox , but the moment the girl actually wants to try and play they get made fun of for not knowing how ! Lol ;( 
Omg i HATE technology ! What u mean to tell me i cant call my waiter to order desert cause theres a lil computer looking thing sitting on top of my table where i need to order from ? Wtf the last thing i wanna do while im enjoying a meal is try to figure out how to use a freaking object .... If i can order my WHOLE meal through that thing they better not expect a tip . Shit . 
Ugh i gotta go to work .. I really ... REALLY dont want to ;( 
And for wishing so bad i didnt have to go to work i think i jinxed it , and spend almost the last 2 hours locked out of the house with my boyfriend . Now i dont have to go to work but it was not worth the nightmare . FMFL ;( 
Im giving everyone a big I OWE YOU this Christmas . Enjoy :) 
is excited about returning to school next semester , and showing everyone that doesn't believed that i can finish college my big fat middle finger . :) 
grateful for my boyfriend who's always been more than supportive , has never lost faith in me , and has and still is helping me to become a better person . Luv ya :) < PROPMALE > Mas Smith 
refuses to switch to the new facebook profile . 
Registered for the spring semester yesterday ! Which shockingly took exactly 1hr , in comparison to last semester when it took just about 10hrs ! pretty excited im not going back to the hassle of the city colleges of Chicago and their nothing but rude staff . < PROPMALE > here i come ! :) 
This cold , rainy , depressing looking saturday evening calls for a cup of tea , my blanket , a good book and the comfort of my bed . Call me and old woman if you want , but it makes me happy . Proud self-proclaimed bookworm :) 
So let me get this straight ... Larry < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the ... institution of marriage ?? Really ? REAL ... LY ...?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL people !! 
Dear God , please bring back < PROPMALE > Marley . In return we'll give you < PROPFIRST > Bieber . In Jesus name , Amen . 
My cat HATES me :( he'd rather sleep on top of dirty laundry , than to come lay next to me ... To make it worse he loves my bf , always going after him , like throwing it in my face , i like HIM not YOU . Its so unfair . I want another < PROPFEMALE > for Christmas . A < PROPFEMALE > that loves me and only me goddamn it ! :( 
A PALABRAS NECIAS , OIDOS SORDOS !!... asi va no ? jajajjaajaja 
Just got back from < PROPFIRST > at 330am , my bf got us some ice cream ! :) We are random like that lol 
Drunk people run stop signs , high people wait for them to turn green . LOL 
I ask not for a lighter burden , but for broader shoulders . ~ Jewish Proverb 
Having a Chilean style Christmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner !... Btw i can out drink my bf(there i said it LOL ) 
DRUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > FUCKING CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is excited about school starting in 2 weeks ! Dont have to take math ' cause all the classes were filled up , even MORE excited ! 
so sick of living in a house were everything you do is wrong , and are uncomfortable as hell wondering what the new mistake of the day is going to be . Yet people are confused when your always irritable and never show your face around even though you live in the same house .. geez i wonder why . FUKITOL . 
Got up early to go to an appointment today , only to find out its not until wed ugh s# ! + .. slow moment ;( 
WTF ! they changed my profile !! i didnt want the new profile , i knew they would eventually force me to change it ! i freaking hate it ! 
< PROPFIRST > 25th 2011 . \ 
Hours without a cigarrette- 6 \ 
\ 
Dear God , please give me the motivation , the strenght , and the will power to quit smoking . And the self- control and < PROPFEMALE > to not snap at the slightest thing . \ 
Also please give my boyfriend the wisdom to STOP doing things or saying things that will piss me off , because i want to be smoke free , not become a murderer . Thank you . :) 
Nothing like a high school bathroom stall to keep you amused while you answer natures call . Lol 
I don't have a single thing to do today , and my plans where to sleep in , yet my < PROPFEMALE > once again wakes me up at an unforsaken(is that a word ? lol ) hour . And it seems like every day its a little bit earlier , ugh its like having a child . Lol 
Im , bored , Im sleepy , I have homework to do . And my computers battery is about to die , but Im too lazy to get up and look for it . so what to do , what to do ? sleep ? do my homework ? or get up and get the computers charger and procrastinate online even more ? uhmmm tough choice . 
shit i really cant make up my mind , ive been staring at the screen like its gonna give me the answer . I think im just waiting for the computer to die to get my ass moving ... to the bed most likely . lol . 
Furball aka Furby , my < PROPFEMALE > gets his little balls cut off tomorrow lmao so sad , but its got to be done . And im sure my bf is yet again gonna try to convince me that we should just not have furby get it done cuz they're taking away his manhood lol oh well . 
i really hate ppl that post one status after the other , yet seems like thats what im doing know , im bored so bare with me plus i gotta bare with all u guys when u post like 20 statuses in a row , so there . lol 
I have about 100 pages to read , a paper to write , a quiz to study for , and like 15 pages worth of notes to rewrite . and this is the definition of PROCRASTINATION . 
Taking Furball to the vet in 30 mins to get neutered , he hasnt had any food or water since 10pm last night . My poor baby meowed at me when he saw there still was no food or water when he got up just now . :'( 
Nothing to watch on regular tv on Saturday mornings . I miss cable :( 
I give up on taking English 101 , first off it seems you have to register for the class 2 years before to get a spot , and the 2 times I manage getting a spot , I end up dropping the class . Happened 3 years ago , and its happening now at this very moment as Im dropping out of the class online . 
I like english yet , the professors i have had for it have completely sucked , and the course curriculum is so basic I feel Im back in 5th grade learning the basics of writing and what not . Its English 101 , I shouldnt feel Im taking a remedial course . And now I cant even find an open class to replace it with . UGH . 
Early Childhood < PROPMALE > it is , same time same credits . Plus i get to play with toys and kids half the class . SWEET ! Fuck you English 101 ! ( unfortunately just for now , wish it wasnt required ) 
Homework . Coffee . 
Psych homework , coffee & < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world . Sleep shall not overcome me ! :) 
I'm starting to feel claustrophobic stuck in the house with all this freaking snow . And I'm pissed off I was up all night studying for nothing , since classes are canceled for tomorrow . Ugh wtf . I wish they would have made that announcement yesterday ! 
loves cats :) 
loves psychology , the brain is a fascinating thing . 
woke up too damn early ... again . ugh 
loves rock & roll 
Happy valentines day everyone !... now please let the advertisement for it STOP ! 
My < PROPFEMALE > is really sick , taking him to the vet today , I hope he makes it :( :( :( 
listening to the Runaways & < PROPFIRST > pilgrim soundtrack + homework . 
I wish I had a magic ball that I could check every night to make sure if its worth getting up the next day , or if its going to be yet another plain boring , pointless or dreadful day . In which case I would just stay in bed enjoying sleep rather than lifes madness . Blah . 
Going to make myself some instant coffee(ewww ) because i can feel myself crashing , ( woke up too damn early . ) n i still have some very boring homework to do . In the \blah\ " mood . " 
My very first vet experience , was not a pleasant one . It was weird . The doc seemed fake . n the people waiting in the lobby all looked n acted like they got out of the mental hospital(no offense anyone ) . 
Some lady sat so close to me n got so close to my personal space ( which i TRULY value ) I wanted to run for the door . Kept smiling and trying so HARD to start a convo about the cats or anything for that matter . She completely looked like she had taken TOO many \happy pills\ " this morning . Really . It was bad . " 
And everyone else kept looking at each other like we are the animal lover community so we should just start hugging or something . Yes we have something in common , we all own animals , they are all sick . THATS it . Stop staring at because its creeping me out . AND i do NOT do small talk talk with strangers . Period . 
Especially dont do small talk with people that get too close to my face , smile when theres nothing to smile about ( your pet is sick bitch , your at the vet its not funny ) and are bouncing off the walls like 5 a five year old . Geez this was a rant . I had to let it out . 
I'm done , I feel better :) 
Ugh i need to focus , i keep getting sidetracked . Keep repeating to myself \ oh its still early I have time to BS around\ " for the past like 6 hrs . ugh " 
Up all night doing homework again ... it'll all be worth it someday 
another weekend full of homework , homework oh and did i say homework ? :( 
school today :( 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the World , best movie out in a while .. buzzed , high , sober or whatever its just the best !!! 
yesterday and today have been the most pleasant and relaxing days I've had in a while , and I am so grateful for it , I really needed it . Thanks to my baby < PROPMALE > Smith for making it happen ! \ 
Now I hope I don't jinx it ! 
not a good night at all . 
Sat night doing homework , yay me :( didnt realize how much I had , my whole spring break is gonna go to that .. oh well :( 
Took advantage of the nice weather today and had a very enjoyable day downtown with my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Smith . Thanks babe ! 
Spring break is over , gotta get my mind back to school crap . And read THE MOST boring book of all time by wed . Ugh Summer break needs to hurry up :( 
Ready for my late midterm exam , and ready for the weather to keep getting better . 2 random thoughts . I'm tired . 
Coffee and cigarettes . I know I'm a very healthy person . :) 
I .... am .... crashing ..... hard .... :( 
thanks everyone for the bday wishes ! 
just got done with a VERY annoying school project that i procrastinated on almost to the last < PROPFEMALE > . So glad I dont have to deal with that crap anymore . I feel like dancing ! lol 
done with homework for the day , tomorrow is another story . 
sick of this crappy weather , im already a procrastinator at heart , i dont need another excuse to just stay in bed . So dont feel like going to school tomorrow . 
and i just realized ... its 420 .. blah :( 
About to do my FAFSA ugh I hate doing it and then I dont even get money anyway . On a positive note I finally picked my classes for next semester , just have to register for them Monday . Im going to be so pissed if they get filled before I get there . So I will be waiting outside before they open the doors lol , Im not about to go through another semester of crappy classes and schedules . :) 
