Happy New Year ! 

Facebook ate my last profile , so here's a new one D: 
i love you <33333333333333333 
has had lots of fun with < PROPFIRST > Yates the past couple of weeks . We might be five or so hours away again , now , but that's alright ; we can deal with it . But now I can't wait until I get to go and stay with him in Ohio sometime , because that'll be all sorts of epic fun ! :) But I'm soooo tired now . Long car trips really tire me out . Time to take a nap ! 
Yay ! Space Jam is on TV ! I haven't seen this in forever . 
is watching WWII in HD on History Channel . It's pretty neat to see all those middle school films in color , but it makes it all the more gruesome . 
loves being a writer . What she can't stand is the paperwork . 
got my classes in today from school . if anyone wants to compare , message me ! 
mini hitler black man afro stache 
can't believe that school starts tomorrow . I'm glad this is the last year I have to get up before 7 ! 
http://www.papertoilet.com/ 
I wumbo , you wumbo , he/she/we wumbo , wumboing , wumbology , the study of wumbo ... 
It feels so great outside ! I just wanna get out and do something , but there's nothing to do ! :( 
well , < PROPMALE > Campbell Days , as usual , were very exciting ! 
watching StandUp2Cancer on TV . :) standup2cancer.org or 1-888-90-STAND if you wanna donate any to cancer research . 
THEY HAD THE NIMBUS 2000 AND FIREBOLT 
BEHIND YOU ! ( behind you ! ) 
Poking people is a lot more fun when your language is set to pirate . I'm gonna skewer ye , ye scurvy landlubber ! 
Arrrhhhh ! Taday be talk like a pirate day ! Ye landlubbers better respect this holiday and join ' n the festivities ! Arrrhhhh ! 
Everybody was kung-fu fighting , those cats were fast as lightning . 
WHAT IS THAT MYSTERIOUS TICKING NOIIISE ? 
I do not like green eggs and ham ... but if it's free I might as well eat it . Can't beat free food . 
just watched Inglourious Basterds . I love that movie ! 
there was a spider in my room and i screamed a lot and sprayed the arm&hammer carpet cleaner stuff on it and then i finally killed it with a flyswatter . i think i overreacted a little lot ... 
I'm not sure what I could possibly throw together tonight to be for character day tomorrow . Ideas ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLsJyfN0ICU Do what you want , because a pirate is free ! 
I can't feel the balls of my feet ! 
crunch , crunch , crunch , slurp , crunch . yum , apples . 
can't waaaaait for Saturday ! 
so I have a new haircut ... Gosh ! It's annoying so far , but I'm not used to it(I guess I might get used to it ) . 
I'm back in TN , unfortunately , and for the first time in the three hours I've been in TN I finally get a minute to rest . ( more like an entire weekend ) 
Decorating for Halloween today ! Woo-hoo ! 
would it be weird if I made a pizza for breakfast ? 
definitely not ready for school today ! 
has a mosquito bite on her pinky . 
has had a horrible night . 
I had my flu shot today , yay 
Donated blood for the first time today ! Hooray ! 
I'd really like to have the Pokepark Wii : Pikachu's Adventure game ! 
awesome ! The Crocodile < PROPMALE > is on TV ! It's an episode from 2004 about Tigers in some Shark Bay . 
there's a new Donkey Kong game for Wii ! I forgot how awesome the music in that game was 
where is the SNOW ? I see NOTHING in Bulls Gap , but everyone else is posting about how there's snow and junk . How unfair ! 
I was hiding under your porch because I love you , < PROPFIRST > Yates : C 
working on a cause and effect essay for class . 
got distracted watching 2010 . good movie . gonna finish laundry . still have to do that essay . darn it . 
I poke like 6 or 7 people on a daily basis . It's a poke war of epic proportions . What we need to do is all claim countries and have battles via poking , and to lose you just don't poke back for two days . 
ACT online had my scores from October today . Have I actually made a proficient score in math ? NO ! Of course not . Remedial math , here I come ! On a side note , my reading score went up to a 34 this time . ( here's some math : brain+math = mush ) 
Geez , I hate my comp . class . 
time to play Harvest Moon : Tree of Tranquility ! 
wait ... in the Spongebob episode about Spongebob becoming normal , when he runs into < PROPFIRST > .. why was < PROPFIRST > wearing a really nice reporter style hat and reading a newspaper ? Is < PROPFIRST > secretly smart or what ? Why would < PROPFIRST > immediately hide the paper and the hat when Spongebob showed up ? 
\Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
I get on Facebook most days just to poke people so I don't lose any poke wars . 
oh screw the math , it's like an hour and 50 something minutes until I go see < PROPMALE > Potter . 
okay , so , I could have totally sat another 2 hours to see the rest of the < PROPMALE > Potter movie ! Sheesh ! I hate that they ended it . If they had kept it going to cover the whole book , the butthurt from the seats would have totally been worth it . 
< PROPFIRST > Yates < PROPFIRST > Richards GUYS ! SHEESH ! D: 
There is nothing like when you wake up to a ton of notifications , all by the same two guys , who have obviously plotted it out methodically . I foresee many more today . 
is seriously PO'd that my laptop is gonna die soon . :/ My charger cord stopped working , again , so ... Until I get my warranty issued 3rd cord for this stupid laptop , I'm gonna be running dead . Sucks for that book review I have due Monday . 
very strange goingsons we have here . very strange indeed . 
I'm liking that I charged my iPod and can use it in bed for the Internet . Stupid charger for my laptop . Why'd it have to die ? : c 
Hooray ! Laptop charger cord ! 
Just made some Hawaiian meatballs . Can't wait to try some after the balls simmer a little . 
cold . tired . sleepy . freezing . dozing off . chilly . falling asleep . cool . passed out . icicle . 
my new pen I got at Books-a-Million smells like cupcakes ... 
mmmmm ... cupcakes ... 
cupcakes are good 
cupcakes smell really good 
so this pen is good and smells really good .. 
i'm glad i decided to get this pen .. it smells good 
i had cake earlier but it is no comparison for this pen .. mmmmmm ... cupcakes ... 
i got cupcake book marks , too . i dunno if they smell or not . 
i should check . 
no . they do not smell like cupcakes . 
mmmmm ... cupcakes . 
i'm getting taco < PROPFEMALE > soon ... mmmmmmm ... tacos ..... 
cupcakes are still good though . mmmmmm ... cupcakes .... 
oh this is important and i forgot : the pen does not taste like cupcakes . :( 
all the lonely people , where do they all come from ? all the lonely people , where do they all belong ? 
whole wheat bagel+Nutella = yum . 
treating pee like an emergency since 1803 . 
i'm hungry 
It's a shame that we lost such a great woman today . My mother was an amazing woman . She helped around the community for a long time(in the Booster Club , etc . ) , and she loved every second of it . I'm sure she would tell everyone she has ever known that she loves them very much , and that everything will be okay . 
As we prepare for this day let's all remember what a wonderful woman my mother was . She cared deeply about anyone she met , sometimes she even cared more about them than herself . She was a selfless and strong woman , a caring friend , a great sister , a wonderful daughter , a loving wife , and an amazing mother . Her memory will live on and she will be with us for the rest of our lives . I love you , Mom . 
stupid essays .. 
I wish this stupid number game would find it's end . It's really pointless , especially when the people who sent the number to you in the first place(meant to be anonymous ) post in the status you make about them . I mean really , if you want it to be known between the two of you do it in a message or a text . : l 
is peeling pears precariously perched upon Poseidon 
ooh nasty , my dog just farted . 
snoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow ? 
Did you know if you pretend to be pouring salt in your mouth you can actually taste it on the back of your tongue ? 
http://www.wimp.com/bagcat/ 
\Exterminaaaaaaaaate ! \"" 
< PROPFIRST > and I just wrapped our first present together . It looks amazing . 
hokey mcsmokey skiddily doo ! 
waffle crisps yum : U 
Well , time to go wake up < PROPFIRST > so we can start cooking for Christmas ... I hope nothing blows up . 
corn pudding : check ! 
root beer float : check . 
spent Christmas < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > , watching Doctor Who and cooking stuff . 
Hawaiian meatballs : check . 
Merrrryyyyyy Christmas ! 
Not fair . I wanna be in a thundersnow storm/blizzard type of scenario . 
watching the Toy Story trilogy with Brandooooooon . 
Krillin from DBZ , I just realized , has to be the strongest midget ever . 
I hate sitting in a doctor's office for over 2 hours . 
“I always like to look on the optimistic side of life , but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter . With the laughs , comes the tears ” – Walt Disney . 
I feel like my entire afternoon has been at some sort of doctor thing . 
1st day , last semester . 
I only have 1 class I need to switch this semester ! 
My armpit hurts . 
The urge to correct every grammatical mistake is overwhelming . It makes me want to scream out to all those idiots : \EXTERMINATE ! EXTERMINAAAATE ! \"" 
Why is it snowing so much ? The closer to the Gap I got , the more snow ... 
oh , iTunes ... why do you have to have a free Dalek voice changer app when I don't have an iPhone ? 
What would you think if I sang out of tune ? Would you stand up and walk out on me ? 
seems like we're gonna be getting a lot of snow in the next few days . 
tomorrow I want to try to make a snow urinal 
I think on top of the snow-urinal I'm gonna make a watermelon 
On top of the snow-urinal's watermelon I'm gonna make a bucket of KFC 
On top of the snow-urinal's watermelon's KFC bucket I think I will make a waffle . Does anyone share the same dream as I do ? 
there is so much epic involved when my dog and I scare each other . I walked out of the bathroom , he walked by the bathroom ... we both jumped and ran into the wall . Different walls , but same concept . Scared us both . 
time to put the Tron soundtrack on repeat in the background again and have an epic morning 
epic morning status : 8% 
epic morning status : 100%- with 20 minutes to spare < PROPFIRST > Yates swoops in and saves the day 
I think I got < PROPFIRST > the most adorable present ever . 
you know you need to make cappuccino when you dance through the houes 
someone tell me the first hilarious thing that comes to their mind 
adding 30 minutes on to each school day wouldn't be so bad , considering I only have 4th block 2 days a week 
the requirements to get into this cemetery are as follows : 1 . ) your last name has to start with an \X \"; 2 . ) you have to enjoy the small squeaky noise two pickles make when you rub them together ; 3 . ) you have to be dead . " 
the aquarium grows its own food , considering they serve fish 
I'm really liking the way \The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog\ " is turning out . It's nice to see a Disney movie keeping it real with the music and whatnot . " 
Disney movies are the shizznit . 
just got some muffins from the dealer down the street . they're pretty good actually 
so I left my last class ten minutes early( 2:50 ) to go to talk to Mr Owens .... I got out of the school building at 3:10 . 
\A lie cannot live . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. " 
I thought I heard the Tardis twice today in French .. >> 
my armpit huuurrrrts 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... American Idol judge ? 
I think I know what my silhouette painting is gonna be . 
I got a new phone ! 
I named my Blackberry \Rizzle . \"" 
I need to grab my blood giving partner < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and convince < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and donate some blood again . Only 2 more times to get a cord for graduation . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > can give blood with me , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
eating at sagebrush with dad , who had to go < PROPFIRST > his territory again 
playing the nintendo64 with @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
No diggity , no doubt . 
dfhjsaerokjbnvcxsartyuokjbvcwetyoigvaepolknmwstyhbvcrtyuikjgftrhiujnvcsdftyUjnbVcfrt 
chilling at walmart 
oh my god will these hiccups never end 
the hiccups finally ended 
Platitudinous . 
today is booooooooring . 
someone do something entertaining/interesting 
not looking forward to the psychology clep tomorrow 
so I burnt pizza rolls in the microwave 
oh no ! where is mr owens ? 
uuuugh glad that's over 
watching the State of the Union 
oh finally , they're getting rid of \No Child Left Behind \"" 
I wish I had a Pokemon toothbrush that sang the Pokemon theme song from season 1 until I finished brushing in 2 minutes . 
finally finished the FAFSA and filled out a scholarship for Pepsi 
I can't find my tweezers . :/ 
I had a dream about < PROPFEMALE > roasted peanuts , thus it is not coincidence that I shall eat them now . 
a guitar with legs riding a giraffe in the alps 
French homework ... Pretty much completed . 
the only thing I don't like about yogurt is the sensation of live bacteria sliding down your throat 
I will never understand why my cat always follows me into the bathroom 
the very first thing < PROPFIRST > does in his new litterbox is poop . of course . 
freeeeeench class 
my eyes are painful 
it's daytime and I have my night eyes on :( 
fun to play with , not to eat . 
Gbagbaga 
my dog just ate dried seaweed . 
biopsy today . 
waiting to go in to have my biopsy done . This is what I hate most about doctors 
ooookay ? confuuused as to what's going on . just had my armpit pushed and played with and now I got to take the gown off and get dressed ? biopsy or no biopsy ? 
\flowers : discount bakery store \"" 
no biopsy apparently . < PROPFEMALE > . excused day out of school+akita = good enough . 
so far I've been accepted to CN , LMU , and MTSU 
where is the snoooow ? 
the snow ! I found it ! it's in greeneville ! 
the thing about my baby is it don't matter if you're black or white 
now I've been accepted to UT . That pretty much means I was accepted everywhere I applied . 
don't you hate when you walk by somewhere where you least expect a cat to attack you and you end up with claws in your thigh ? 
I hate that we have to stay until 3:30 in history now 
\What ?!... How dare you !... As if ! \ " -Vegeta " 
I will never , ever do sushi again in my life . 
He was brutally handsome , she was terminally pretty . 
I'm pretty sure this class needs and anger management and the class next door needs to learn some respect for other classes . 
< PROPFIRST > G ... lol . I don't think I'll ever forget that one . 
Finally signed up to give blood next Thursday . Hooray ! 
I finally know what my blood type is , after years of wondering . That's always nice to wake up to . 
< PROPFIRST > apple cake ? Not that bad . I still don't like baked apples . 
Yeesh , 66 is completely flooded over in some places . I'm glad they put us on a 2 hour delay tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > threw an entire cup of ice cream in her at her lap and caught it with her hand . 
I love me some hockey , \ 
I need me some hockey , \ 
Frisbee's aight , \ 
But it ain't no hockey . 
I love donating blood . 
There are some people in the world who deserve to have every word they say turned against them . Every word spoken is a mirror of their inner stupidity , and it just shows their ugly innards . But , unfortunately , there are exceedingly few people who don't fall for the ruse and see them for who they are . I guess that's why idiocy runs amok . 
MDCV . 
\you know words I don't know so no . \ " best excuse not to play hangman " 
Samurai < PROPFIRST > ftw 
so ... why is it snowing ? 
Prom dress is here , hooray ! :D 
oh my god what was that ? google image search harlequin 
Condolences to Japan and all others effected by the 8.9 quake and tsunamis . 
finally , Friday ! mdcv ! 
\oh mr. dj won't you turn the music up ? \"" 
xbox kinect is pretty neat 
I love when we have food in French 
do a loop-dee-loop and pull , and your shoes are looking cool ! 
never defy the laws of Gravix ! 
the next Doctor Who series looks like it'll be good 
am I a horrible person for just sitting and watching people fall ? 
\À cœur vaillant rien d'impossible . \"" 
