the cookies are gone . :( 

hmmmmmmm 
doesn't know what her little status thing should say so she wrote this 
is going to spend the whole summer on her new laptop 
is not going to be in town for her bday . Yay New Mexico ! 
came home briefly and saw all the bday posts on her wall . All of you completely rock ! 
is officially home . For real this time . 
poor puppy 
hmmmmm textbooks ... 
oh dear ... there are too many decisions to make !!!! 
is screaming \why did I do this to myself ? \"" 
First possible case of H1N1 at U of I , stay healthy guys ! 
I think I have anger management problems ... I don't like blankets . 
just had a great day . Fiddler on the Roof with Topol , and the Vandals beating NMS ! 
simply can't handle anymore writing . 
Oh Sofi .... Sofi Sofi Sofi ... thirty straight minutes of laughter ... 
wishes tomorrow was over . Specifically : Chemistry . 
likes kit-kats . 
feels the need to succeed , yet has no motivation to study . Interesting . 
Vandals are number one in the WAC ! 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks again ! 
Hmmmm , my temper issues are returning . How lovely ! 
It's amazing what people can overlook when they squint ... or close their eyes completely . 
is thinking that mixing music theory and chemistry homework is never good , and should not be attempted again . 
Depressing movies class cancelled = indication of a good day . Even if it is raining . 
wishes she could just drop out of school . 
The only thing that's going to perk up my week , is if the Vandals win on Saturday . Hear me ? Win ! 
chemistry needs to die a million deaths so I never have to think about it again . Ugh ! 
Homecoming better be friggin ' amazing . 
My week just became worth it . Thank you Vandals !! That was amazing ! 
is going to Europe ! Can this week get any better ? 
maybe burning that old blanket isn't such a bad idea ... 
Flamingos ! Enough said . 
maybe there is such a thing as sleeping a little too much ... 
Whenever you have a class that talks for ten minutes+ about TMNT , you know it's a good class . 
Thank you < PROPMALE > Spear , and take that BSU ! 
Dear Vandal Football team : beat Boise . 
sigh 
smells amazing . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
-insert creative funny status here- 
Rain rain go away come again another day , all the world is waiting for the sun . ( and if you know what song this is then you are officially one of my favorite people ) 
trouble ? me ? must have me confused with someone else . 
Tomorrow I can officially start singing Christmas songs . Yay ! ( happy thanksgiving ! ) 
two classes in and my soul is already shriveling . 
Everything changes . And once again if you know this song you're amazing . I think I'll do these type of status-lyric quizzes more often . ;) 
December 25th , 1915 : Christmas Day 
Magnificat = The Knights who say Ni . :) 
should really start sleeping again . Oh wait -finals . 
I preferred theory notebook to chemistry essay . Ugh ! 
zzzzzzzz don't I wish . 
Every week has it's ups and down's , and this one is no exception ! 
Great night . I love Christmas ! 
has a house full of chemists and is trying to study for chem final . How wonderful . 
I actually like finals week ... I have a final at 7pm = sleeping in ! 
ahhhhh movies 
I love those cardboard tubes that are left over after wrapping presents . Am I in trouble ? Only slightly ... ;) 
I miss singing jazz ... 
Twas the night before Christmas ... 
\Using Music Theory I have just turned chaos into order ! \"" 
I wish I could be this brilliant all the time . Then again- maybe this is just a flash of insanity ? 
The start of the new week just got amazing . 
BWAHAHAHAH ; SLDKJFLIAUHKE ; FLJKA SDF COUGH HAHAHAHAHAHAHA i mean gee , I wonder tomorrow holds ... 
Do you think that class will ever be the same < PROPFEMALE > ? 
think I just might watch movies until I have to go die in chemistry tomorrow . uuuuugh 
is feeling a little burned out ... 
needs a private home computer tech . No internet on laptop = damsel in distress . 
motivate me ! 
it takes a concentrated effort to not sing with the radio ... and my willpower is sorely lacking in that department . 
And so it goes ... 
I think I might sleep the weekend away ... oh wait , it's not the weekend yet ... 
Today I understood Chemistry . Watch out world !! 
has a lot of thinking to do . 
best winco-ninja-jedi real-life mlia story ever !!! Mel = Ninja , Sophi = Super Asian , Sarah = Jedi/epic ninja ( same thing after all ! ) 
What a shame . ;) 
must concentrate .... stupid < PROPFIRST > . Stupid Dorm Life . 
is all stuffed up and getting loopy from being so tired . tgif . 
Curse you Celtic Thunder ! ( and v-day based on principle ) I hate being sick ! 
dear world : is it too much to ask that I meet < PROPFIRST > harkin ? 
Chemistry .... hmmmm any help would be appreciated ? 
Jazz fest is next week !!!!!!!!! Whoot ! 
Got Nitrate . Buuuut still got home in time for men's figure skating ! 
just had to save the world ... again . 
And all that Jazz ! 
Dear diary : Tonight I sat in the booth next to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and his son ( who is dreamy ) and was a foot away from < PROPFEMALE > Cole/Queen Latifah's piano player . Amazing Night ? Yes , indeed it was . I love Jazz Fest !!!!!! 
day of the munchkins . 
is incredibly sad that jazz fest is over . What a wonderful world indeed . 
My day went from meh to great because of a dart gun , my puppy , and a simple game of < PROPMALE > . Life is good again . 
My dog is deliberately ignoring me . 
misses football . :( 
:) 
can't concentrate at all . 
To Dr. Murphy , the city of Moscow , and the radio people : I'm sorry ! 
will be home by ten no matter what . 
Whooooosh , there goes the theory midterm . 
leaves tomorrow . Must remember to pack dart guns ... 
Dune buggies , dart guns , whales , sea lions , birds , hobbit trails , etc . Spring Break win ! 
cue headache . 
Blackout ! Yay for cancelled classes ! 
Is officially working at Disneyland next semester ! 
I . Love . < PROPFEMALE > . She is my < PROPFEMALE > and I am her Counter- < PROPFEMALE > . 
I need a nerdy person to geek out to about CPV and it's evolution . It's so friggin ' amazing ! 
Way to go food court ! You guys were great ! 
The fun isn't going to end , is it ? It would be nice if it did , ' cus I am exhausted . 
That's the second time in three days someone has tried to convert me . Why do they feel a need to push their religion on others ?! 
Wookie ! Ahhhhh ! 
they want a birthday list ... does that mean I get a birthday ? 
sentimental mushiness . siiiiiiiiigh 
needs motivation . Anyone have any ? 
Is going to wallow . Movies and the perfect wallowing mixture . Now to pick the first movie ! 
Must focus . There can be only one winner . 
OCD Mother + furminater = bald cold dog . :( poor pepper . 
Oh Chem paper , things just got interesting . 
Just read herself into exhaustion . I really need to learn self control when it comes to books . 
\I don't know those nerts ! \ " \ " is it weird that I thought of oompa loopas and dart-guns ? \"" 
Phantom of the Opera . Clearly need to watch very very soon . Unfortunately , that's not going to happen until after Wed . :( 
Theory Index : Check . :D 
“When 900 years old , you reach Look as good , you will not . ” May the Fourth be with you ! 
A+ For CHEM PAPER !!!!!! TRIPLE WHoOT !!!!!! 
must have been exhausted . I slept like the dead . 
another day wasted on the SS . 
Way to go pantless guys ! Great show ! 
Off with the Vandaleers for Europe ! Counting down the last hours ... bye everyone ! 
:D I love hot Scottish boys . Plus Europe is awesome !!!! Miss you all -at least a little- 
Oh Prague , why do you have no milkshakes ?? still , we saw the archbishop ( soon to be cardinal ) of Prague !!! 
Is leaving free wireless in Europe !! Be home soon , love you and miss you all ! Next stop Germany ! 
Europe , I love you , but eventually home would be nice . Esp because I have plans ! 
ponder ponder ponder . 
Persuasion : the best < PROPFEMALE > Austen book I've read . I feel all mushy and sappy now . 
' cleaning the black hole ' is seriously depressing me . 
Electrical engineering ? Not even close , but it still got the job done . :D 
goodbye states , hello canada ! 
Emotional day . And my summer class starts tomorrow ! Joy of joys . 
There are some really awesome soundtracks out there , and yes my calc homework is done . :P 
I truly do appreciate the internet . 
is totally exhausted from cleaning . But my room is clean ! 
\it's like chocolate for your ears ! \ " \ " ... ear-chocolate ? \ " \ " exactly ! \ " :) " 
Trading yesterday . My current music bug . 
Thanks so much to everyone for the Birthday wishes ! You helped make my birthday great ! 
\Sometimes you can get a splinter even sliding down a rainbow . \"" 
I hate allergies . I feel like I'm dying . Cue melodramatic sniveling . 
Does anyone else feel the need to watch Phantom of the Opera tonight ? 
Books books books , I love books ! :D 
Basically . 
Calculus , check . Packing ... not check . 
Leaving Monday !!!!! 
cue headache . Maybe I'm thinking about packing too much ... 
Goodbye Moscow ! I miss you all already ! 
I'm caught up with uploading pics ! So I've been cruising downtown disney , and tomorrow we shop and go to Medieval Times ! And no matter what anyone says , balloon creations are works of < PROPMALE > . 
awesome apartment . PS , i made brownies . Be jealous . 
I have the buzz lightyear astro blasters ride at Disneyland !!!!!! 
lazy day in pajamas . Looooove it ! 
Just saw my first celebrity in buzz . Is anyone a big fan of greys anatomy and/or < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Olympian thief ? 
Good luck today Vandals ! I wish I could be in the Dome tonight ! 
Awesome shutout Vandals !!!!!! 45-0 !!!!! 
Disney boys are such heart stealers . With men like buzz lightyear and < PROPMALE > charming around , who can compare ? 
Dear Journal , \ 
Today I almost hit Kobe < PROPMALE > with my trash can . \ 
Love < PROPFEMALE > . 
I saw < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and his wife today . I wasn't working so I can brag . ;) 
Today's Disney excitement : Old lady on a go go gadget thingy versus a metal garbage can . The winner is still to be determined . 
Ghost Galaxy continues to be amazing ! As do the Vandals !!!!!!!! So wish I could have been there . 
Is it bad that I don't want to have to deal with people who can't master moving walkways ? 
Disneyland plus the parents and my big brother , and we get in for free ! What can beat that ? 
Oh hi Facebook , I forgot you were there . Now , what am I going to be for halloween ??????????! 
Today I got the high score for Buzz ... and today my high score was deleted from Buzz . siiiiiigh . Oh well . the wheelchair thing was fun ! 
And to the stupid lady with hot chocolate that was very hot and left Buzz with very little left in her cup , I'm sure costuming loves you very much . 
Stupid < PROPFEMALE > and her judgmental pictures on facebook . Ice Cream is part of a foodgroup ! 
work+bloody nose while working+\are you sure you're okay ? \ " s+drenched clothing = burned out < PROPFEMALE >." 
\Dear Diary 
If it snows in moscow I will be so sad ! 
creative status combined with witty sarcasm ! 
Stupid heat . Honestly , it's November ! 
Who got me a bobblehead ? 
Thanks for the great concert CT ! Although all those songs about home made me a little homesick . 
It's Phantom time . 
to the man who inspired me to take spanish and helped me enjoy it . i'll never forget that . you were an inspiration to the last . rip senor la . 
I love Buzz Lightyear . Especially when he is spanish . That is all . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Mouse ! 
beat BSU in the food drive by 35,123 pounds versus their 623 pounds . Way to go Vandals ! 
Oh Buzz , why do you do this to us ? Do you just want another week off ? 
Stupid snow . Oh wait , this is California . Stupid smog . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Hopefully it's full of family , friends , and food ! 
Hi BSU , let me introduce you to < PROPFEMALE > . I bet < PROPFEMALE>'s uncivilized and inebriated now too , you should never play them again . 
Christmas shopping : Check ! 
Thanks for one of the greatest days ever ! I think I'll wear the < PROPFEMALE > everyday now . ;) 
Dear friends . Those of you who have not seen Tangled . See . It . Now . That is all . 
< PROPFEMALE > song , the mad hatter , and < PROPFIRST > pan . What could make an afternoon better ? 
just had an epiphany . Stupid things . 
Met the president of Pixar and ate Cotten < PROPFEMALE > on stage . I love holiday parties . 
is going to attempt to get skype .... this could be interesting . 
Lake Buzz . ' Nuff said . 
wants ice cream . Someone , help me achieve this . 
I love the snow in our apartment ! Thank you to the two tall elves for helping ! 
Curling up with a book and cookies . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! ( and thank you mysterious < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Oh football players , why are you so nice ? 
Indy costume , west side .... NO FLOW ! extreme tired . I shall now call west side boys the worst flirts ever . 
Begin the countdown . 
Deep breaths , then dive into the chaos that will be Disneyland tonight . 
It's good to be home . 
Snow snow snow ! After the socal \winter\ " ( psh ) It's cold and wintry ! :D " 
Would someone like to see tron with me ? Pretty please ? ( insert puppy dog face here ) 
Snowboarding was awesome today ! Yay for three degree weather ! :) 
After a semester with ASU roommates , I go back to school in Idaho ... and see an ASU sweater . oO 
I need new headphones . And when that is the best thing I can think to post on facebook .... Well it's clearly not a good sign . 
Slept way too long . I feel like I have a hangover . 
Go away Ochem , it's movie night . 
What would happen if you gave a flock of flamingos a yoyo ? 
Today in physics we learned about < PROPFEMALE > suicide . I'm still trying to decide what that says about the class ... 
english essay , why are you so difficult ? 
I'm freezing ! When I become such a wimp ? 
trying to teach my mom how to use facebook ... again . 
