i feel relieved 

this sux i have to baby sit my 3 neices and nephews 
im bored 
I'm irritated my sis work scedule said she was off work at 4 she is still not here . I want her to come take her kid before she start to cry . 
yeah i get to babysit 3 kids , not 
I'm glad my sister is gome . 
yeah i start school at 7pm today 
is about to play tetris for homework 
College algerbra was only 20 < PROPFEMALE > today . When I get homework in that class on the computer . Math homework on the computer how does that work . 
just got home from physics . It was easy today 
My computer wont let me do my homework . It keeps freezing 
I hate having a cold 
I have no class tomorrow . I'm going to atmept to make chiken noddle soup . 
just finished making chiken noddle soup 
Is anyone going to the carnivel tomorrow 
had fun at the carnival 
i put trick candles on my sis bday cake . that was funny . 
i wonder when i'm going to learn something new in college algerbra . everything is repeat from high school 
I hate the cold . Can't wait to talk to < PROPMALE > 
Hey facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then Right Click Then press Up & Down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it worked for you 
Happy , I got to see < PROPMALE > today . He's coming over tomorrow to try some of my cooking . 
I made dinner my boyfriend . I didnt ruin it , yay . Class was boring . 
baked some cookies . yummy 
oh so tired . I had a good day going to the Texans game with < PROPMALE > . I'm a little disappointed how the day ended , buy all is ok . 
I didnt mess up the cookies . yay 
got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my boyfriend 
it might snow , awsome . 
my brother is home . yay 
Had a great christmas date with < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Its my bday . 
he makes me feel special 
bored at school 
my niece is one today 
my neice has the best cake face 
Owl City concert tomorrow , can't wait 
Owl City tonight , can't wait 
Owl City concert Friday night was awsome . The 5k walk yesterday put my in pain . 
Just heard from my brother . I haven't heard from him in almost a month . 
got to class late today . the < PROPFIRST > college bus got hit by a car . 
got the job at the theater . yay . 
Got some money from a scholarship yeah 
i bake better than i cook . the cookies tuned out good the hambuger on the other hand did not . 
bored 
my feet hurt 
worried 
about two weeks be for i start my summer botany and theatre classes 
If you want to be lazy put a smile on . You use more muscles frowning than you do smiling . 
i got my phone turned on . message me if u want my number . i dont have text so dont test me on my new # 
Just finished making cookies for my dad . 
I get to sit here bored for 2 hours till they get my voucher ready . yay . not . 
this weekend will b very busy at the movies . i dont want to go . 
I wanna go see me nice and nephews . I miss them . 
anyone want to do my 120 questions for homework 
so relieved that i got all those 120 Questions done 
Don't know what to do 
My brother is coming home in a week or two . yay can't wait to see him 
digital tv sux 
Just < PROPFEMALE > on each other , fall down together , help each other get back up , then do it again because it was fun . 
Happy 4th Birthday Baylin 
If a \glitch\ " in < PROPFIRST > College financial aid happens you will not notified and it can affect your FASFA application process . " 
i can hear the shut up and kiss me song and there is no music playing . 
I wanted carrots and ranch . darn ! 
Fun 
I hate slow computers 
i am a bad cook 
I woke up on time this morning without even setting my alarm . I tryed helping my brother out with a phone and he should how gratful was by making the screen part and number part two separate pieces . I will probley be greedy next time and keep two working phones to myself . 
it feels like winter , what happend to fall 
i was having a good day till i came home and read a letter from < PROPFIRST > college . 
no school for me next semester ( sarcastic yea ) 
I have had a very great weekend . I love you < PROPMALE > . 
I had a fun time trick or treating with my niece and nephews . 
i am so bored , class got cancled 
Happy thanksgiving . 
ok . Now my new priority is getting a vehicle . 
Went and saw pirates at the natural science museum . Fun day . 
my 21 is in a week . i'm so excited . drinking and going to a concert yay . 
came home and found out the heater stopped working and everyone cuddled in the living room . 
Gonna start drinking in about an hour . 
just back from drinking . having fun , yay . 
30 seconds to mars concert in a few hours . can wait 
awsome concert . i had a great 21st bday . thank you everyone 
slow computers are a waste of time 
