Well day after tomorrow and ill be off on another long journey back to alaska ! 

XD lots of happy irthdays ! thanks peeps ! I went out to a bar for the first time on my b-day with < PROPMALE > and a bunch of his friends . Kicked ass at poker , knocked back a few cold ones , and got to hear < PROPMALE > bust a rhyme on the open mic ! So im ganna say : Best birthday so far ! :D 
So me and my back are in a disagreement . Apparently its too much for me to ask for my back to not cause me excruciating pain . Dont know what i did to it , but its makin me pay for it ! Ive hired a chiropractor to convince it to see things my way . After a half hour of electro-shock and musclin around , it feels a little better . Doc says i have a disc problem ... whatever the hell that means ! 
Also , me and < PROPMALE > totally saw a bear on the side of the road on our way home . it was eyeing these people walking thier dog . The cab stopped right next to it . it stared at us for a sec , then bolted into the woods next to the river . 
about 6 months ago i quit World of Warcraft cold turkey . it was making me far too lazy . Just now im startin to get the itch again ... 
Well that was fun , going crazy on quizzes for a while .... But im bored with that now , so off to video games !! 
Im excited ! < PROPMALE > gets to fight tonight , and i get to go watch for the first time .. FREE ! Im hoping that he gets to do some MMA and whup some ass , but hey , boxing is just as cool ! 
Well last nights fights were a let down . < PROPMALE > diddnt actually get to fight , even though the drunk , un-coordinated fight coordinator led him on to believe that he was . At least i got to see some fights for free though . XD 
Winter storm warning for tonight and most of tomorrow here in Juneau . Should be an interesting night . Im just glad i dont have a car to dig out of the snow in the morning XD . 
I'm ganna have to bake a cake for my mom tonight ... then the hard part comes . I'll have to refrain from eating it until tomorrow >.< 
In my haste of eating that apple I just consumed , I forgot to remove the little sticker from it first , and I'm fairly certain that I ate it ... XD 
Hey , there's something on your face . * thwap * IT WAS PAIN ! >:D 
Just got a new cell phone . Unlimited texting to anywhere in the US , and unlimited calling to Alaskan < PROPFIRST > , so if you want my number , give me yours . :P 
So I hear there's a tsunami heading my way . Flood warnings and all that jazz . I'm wondering if it's too late to get a hold of a surf board .... 
Just used my A&P knowledge to < PROPFIRST > rig my computer charging cord . There was a complete brake in the ground line . It's amazing i was able to keep it working as long as it did . Took a pic of the job . It's brutal . I'll upload it when i figure out how . :P 
So I spent this morning customizing my phone via my computer ; chopping up sound files , transferring photos and the such . My phone is now COMPLETELY < PROPFIRST > L < PROPMALE > themed ... Pulp Fiction version .... 
