I still recall the taste of your tears 

Sippin ' on some sizzurp 
Goodnight world . 
Sign of the swine in the swarm when a < PROPMALE > is a whore who comply and conform . < PROPMALE > outside of the eye of the storm , with a siphon to lure out a prize and award , while avoiding the vile and bazaar that is violence and war 
Here's some advice , don't lose your head , that's what you get for sticking out your neck . You know I got myself together , just like you said . I'm conquering this city with the living dead . 
It's never love , bloody touch , broken wrist , needle rust . Choking throat , swallowed teeth , head fuck , no peace . 
The lunatic is in the hall , the lunatics are in my hall , the paper holds their folded faces to the floor , and every day the paper boy brings more . 
Silk ' round her neck falls down to her shoulders . The older I get , the more I suspect there's a trick . But really there's no trip at all , that doesn't result in a fall , or a faltering . 
Sweet , I found my butterfly knife . 
Fuck today . I hope tomorrow is better , but ' tis doubtful . Goodnight , world . 
Awesome , I found a way to experience DMT without fucking around with any sort of synthesis . Anybody wanna get in on this and experience quite possibly the greatest tryptamine of them all ? 
So pretty , so frail , I watch your body turning pale . So fragile , so weak , I didn't want to be this creep . Start bleeding , stop breathing , I take your life , I am defeating . 
We were all put on this earth to suffer , we each have our own private pain . We must pass this pain onto our brother , the never ending cycle starts again . 
Huzzah , my snuff has arrived from England ! Intranasal tobacco use is quite interesting . 
I've seen the needle , and the damage done . A little part of it in everyone . But every junkie's like a settin ' sun . 
She spreads herself wide open , to let the insects in . She leaves a trail of < PROPFEMALE > , to show me where she's been . She has the blood of reptile , just underneath her skin . Seeds from a thousand others drip down from within . 
There are no more barriers to cross . All I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane , the vicious and the evil , all the mayhem I have caused and my utter indifference toward it I have now surpassed . I want no one to escape , but even after admitting this there is no catharsis , my punishment continues to elude me and I gain no deeper knowledge of myself . This confession has meant nothing . 
Sometimes you see the world so clearly , and you know just what to do , and just when to do it . Just what you should've done , and when you should've done it . 
Ugh . The last few days have felt like the same shit , looping and cycling endlessly . Perhaps tomorrow this veil will lift . 
From what I've heard , it's a pretty cool place . A sea of urine where rats eat your face . A sadist like me can pursue his vocation ; I'm goin ' to hell because I need a vacation . 
Finally obtained a Netflix disc for my playstation ; time to watch every season of the Office in sequential order . Again . 
Six more episodes and I'll have watched all of The Office Season 5 today . 
Good God , such a cold morning . 
Such a gloomy day . 
Measuring a summer's day , \ 
I only finds it slips away to grey . \ 
The hours they bring me pain . 
Ahhh , I enjoyed watching the sun rise , and now it's a beautiful morning . Didn't sleep but I'm feeling surprisingly alert and awake all the same . Good morning , world . 
Another bright , blue , beautiful morning . Would almost be perfect if it weren't for the cold . Good morning , world . 
Hash brownies and dispensary buds , hell yes . 
Happy Thanksgiving , world . 
Mmm . A delightful melange of pungent GDP , sweet , sweet < PROPFEMALE > power , and skunky ( helicopter something or another , can never seem to remember that one's name ) layered in the bowl . Fine way to finally drag myself into complete wakefulness and begin the day . 
Ah , a crate of rare and foreign microbrewed beers is on its ' way ; a week or so at the longest and then I can enjoy my christmas present early . 
So cold . 
Awesome , neighbor started his chainsaw at the asscrack of < PROPFEMALE > and he's still fucking around with it while not really accomplishing any sort of work with it beyond being loud . 
Thanks for the birthday greetings , everyone . 
Pink < PROPMALE > Experience show last night was awesome , dude on the saxaphone was beasting that shit . And they played Echoes ! Hells yeah . 
Every day is the same day , no better and no worse . 
Ahh , I love the rain . 
