is still looking for a job ... 

is amazed at life . 
needs a job 
wishes Lincecum would've smacked Jeter in the face instead of the hand . Come on NL ! 
is hoping the NL can beat the < PROPMALE > 
next year the NL WILL win ... 
went to the Oquirrh Mtn . < PROPFEMALE > today ... lots of thoughts on that note . 
went to a rodeo with two lovely ladies and didn't feel out of place because he wasn't wearing cowboy gear , but next time ... 
scored a 30 on the Wonderlic ... just above a programmer and just below a chemist , one way or another I scored in the nerds . 
... 
enjoys referring to himself in the 3rd person on Facebook 
a.k.a. Firecheeks 
is happy to have a job 
is married 
is looking into how to nominate Pres . < PROPFIRST > S Monson for the NPP ... a well qualified recipient in my opinion . 
is workin ' 
is remembering and living the joys of Friday ! 
is getting over the 11-0 loss 
is ok if the Dodgers don't make it this year . NL West champs 2 years running ! 
is enjoying the halfway point of his work week 
is updating the little thing after his name on Facebook ! 
is still in the novelty phase with the snow outside 
is getting too many Facebook errors ... ( Inserts dramatic FAACEBOOOOK Scream and returns to work ) 
has a client visiting from Nigeria ... sweet ! Can't wait to meet the guy , I keep thinking Mr. Eko is going to be visiting me . :) 
is headed home right now ... 
is looking forward to the turkeyday road trip 
is a Mafia Wars Killin Machine !!! 
is thankful for all of our Armed Service Veterans as well as the auxillary groups that support them ... THANKS !!!! 
needs more people in his mafia !!!!! 
is willing to sell his ration of Eggo Waffles until the Eggo Shortage of 2009 subsides 
just realized how close In-N-Out is right now ... And then came to his senses that the line is even closer that their front door . 
is trying to find the \Idaho Special\ " in Mafia Wars ... WHERE IS IT ??? " 
is thankful for only 3 potty stops on a 12 hour drive ( AWESOME !!!! thanks to my 2 lovely ladies !! ) and a great Thanksgiving weekend !!! 
is back at work ... and still thankful . 
was happy when he went downstairs and smeeled the Christmas tree , then went out side and saw four inches of snow ... The 2 hour+ drive to work brought him back to earth . 
is happy that we smuggled < PROPFEMALE > Cane Jo-Jo's across the UT border 
traded in his BMer for a mini < PROPFIRST > 
is trying to make real money , not fake money or play money , at < PROPFEMALE>'s request . 
is looking out his office window watching snow fall ... again . 
just posted for the last time this year ... ( yeah I know , pretty lame , Happy New Year ) 
is embracing Thursday @ 2 . 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
just found out he's been talking to Javy Lopez ... 3x All-Star selection ( 1997 , 1998 , 2003 ) World Series champion ( 1995 ) Silver Slugger Award winner ( 2003 ) 2003 NL Comeback Player of the Year 1996 NLCS MVP ... yeah that Javy Lopez . 
is 
has returned from Disneyland , and had a great time with the ladies !!! 
is thinkin US Hockey can't be stopped 3-0 with how much time left ??? 
make that 4-0 
6-0 and still 2 periods to go ??? 
. 
is on hold and the recording just told him that his wait is between 32 an 45 minutes ... SWEET !!! 
needs to sell his guitars ... great set up for beginers or anyone looking to learn ... Any takers ? 
... ' Cuse vs . ' < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > taking it all ... I can't beleive it either but that's what I got . 
just got more exciting news ! But feels like crap . 
doesn't like country music , but created a < PROPFIRST > Cash station on Pandora and is really digging it . 
got his sales past the viability < PROPFIRST > for the 5th time this year and is paying the lowest amount of taxes in over 5 years ... I need to go to Disneyland after 2 . 
thinks that Apr 16th ranks right up there with Christmas 
thinks the ladies at his house are AWESOME !!! 
Just got tickets to go see < PROPMALE > Waters !!!! 
sometimes wishes everyday was thursday !!! 
just watched his boss fart on his admin asst ... 
NEEDS TOHIRE A CUSTOMER SERVICE REP TODAY !!!!!!! ANYONE LOOKING FOR A JOB IN SLC ???? 
thinks we needs someone with shipping experience ... Any one out there know anyone with experience filling shipping orders/bills of lading/ int'l freight ???? Maybe even bilingual ??? 
Ok , we need a shipping person still and now we also need someone with accounting experience to fill a part time position ( AP/AR ) . 
is looking forward to a weekend away 
realizes the most valuable thing he learned in college was to never have expectations ... You value what you have much more . 
woke up to snow ... Fall , where did you go ??? 
thinks if the Rangers go down 0-3 in the series , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > should take the mound as the starter in game 4 . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > where are you !?!?! 
does not believe the US Constitution is propaganda . 
hopes they have the guy that got her ... Congress Woman Giffords was a good one . 
is packing up his office 
had a near 2 hour commute to work yesterday ... I love LA ! ( If only I could get < PROPFIRST > Newman's perspective . ) 
see tons of SDSU fans dressed like missionaries sitting at the end of the court ... ha ha . 
Seattle ... It's like the less gay version of San < PROPFIRST > 
had a great dinner with 6 speakers and a few others from the event , pretty sweet ... Thanks Microsoft 
back to LA 
