is very hurt and unhappy . 

the shining 
just wants to know how much it costs and if she can take her dog to wave tek . 
is sick and in horrible pain . 
is determined to see Ludo in Philly come October . 
is thinking about going to Motown tomorrow and that life would be so much simpler if some people could stand to be in the same room together . :: sigh :: 
is frustrated and ever so slightly annoyed . 
is going to have to call or text < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > when she has service . :) 
really wants to find an affordable appartment that allows pets . Soon . 
likes nice people 
really just wants to sleep . 
thinks who ever said blood is thicker than water is lucky they didnt have to deal with some members of my family . 
finds herself missing the whole back to school phenomenon after 18 or so years of it ... 
is going to be in the ville for a bit today . 
Is home again . If you missed me I appologize , there is always next time ;) 
thinks facebook has issues . 
has given up on facebook chat , message me at ashleythewolfe on aol messenger pls . 
Is rooting for the Redskins , take that < PROPFIRST > . :P 
would love to go to sleep about now . 
Redskins WON ! Suck it < PROPFIRST > ! 
has just read a book she waited over a year for ... and is confused as Hell . Stupid cliff-hangers and unanswered questions . 
is sneaking up behind you right now . 
wishes things would turn out the way she wants every once in a while . 
blames you . 
thinks that someone either missed the bus or jumped out of the window somewhere along the way . 
wonders how she missed that one really . 
is ever hopeful . :) 
is going outside to enjoy summer's end and let the boy get a bit of air . 
thinks that in the end , friendship is about balance . Once it shifts too heavily to one side , something is likely to break . 
is so very tired . 
is about to head to work ... :: sigh :: 
FREEDOM ! 
hates the inevitable result of a bad sunburn ... :( 
cleaned her car a bit today ... can't see any improvement . :: sigh :: 
wishes . 
might be having a night on the town with some of my girlies if I don't work tomorrow morning ... :: sigh :: 
is going to be heading to Elkins shortly ... paperwork :( 
going to bed early as I start my new job tomorrow ! Wish me luck . :) 
you are always on my mind ... 
feels like she is tired all the time . :( 
is watching wrong turn ... :: sigh :: 
is happy she was sick during a three day weelend . <3 state jobs . 
is tired and plans to curl up with a book ... whether it is a good one or not will soon be determined . :) 
is upset and is likely to stay that way ... and gets to drive to weirton . lovely day . 
is in Weirton , sitting in my hotel room wondering if she has the motivation to make use of the fitness area ... 
is going to the fitness area . Text me if you need me :) 
was planning to take her pup with her to the next week of training in wheeling but is now worrying about the possible trama it could cause him ... 
is going to the Wheeling Island Casino tomorrow after training ... closer than Vegas . :D 
is in for an awful lot of driving the next couple days ... but hopes it will be balanced by a good time :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcJ_YfE85_M ... ... 
is so very very tired . 
is hoping there is at least one good pic from Sat ... 
Nap time ! 
is heading to Huntington today ... yay long drives . 
is just done with it all right now . 
will be going away for the weekend . 
is home again ... 
isn't going to try anymore . 
has a weird feeling of foreboding . O.o 
' s cell is not working somewhere around 60% of the time . Until the new battery is in , either send me a message or look for me on yahoo after 5pm :) 
hurts . :( 
is almost tired of waiting ... 
is ill . :( 
Finally home again . :) 
Has a new phone with same number . :) Now I have to learn how to use it properly ... 
Is so upset right now . If it can be done , it will be done . No matter what ' he ' says . 
is so very very tired . -.- 
is finally home . Throat all dry and abused , now I know how teachers feel . >.< Kudos , to all those who lecture . :) 
is tired of being sick . -.- 
thinks that if doing what was right were easy , she , for one , would never be wrong . 
just bought and finished the book \Thirteen Reasons Why\ " by < PROPFIRST > Asher and has to say that it was one of the best books she has read in the last year ... and that is saying a lot . Definately a new favorite that she will endeavor to expose many a fellow book-worm to . " 
is home sick . :( 
washed her car in the rain ... at least I know it is well rinsed . :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - You were a beautiful soul and will be sorely missed . It was one of my greatest pleasures to have known you . Rest in peace . 
gives up . 
will be going to Europe the 23rd . :) 
has a feeling that powers beyond me are conspiring to cause me frustration , pain/bruising , and any number of increasingly negative things . -.- 
is wondering if anyone is heading up to < PROPFEMALE > for Autumns wedding this Friday and would like to carpool . :) 
feels it is about time to start the countdown ... 
is waiting in the airport for the next 3 hours or so for the flight to < PROPFIRST > to board . 
wishes she could have gotten a sooner flight ... Yay delays due to storms . 
Made it to Europe ... and still have hours of fun a head . Sleep will come soon enough . :) 
really wishes she could express the upset and disapointment she has in some people . But lesson is learned and I have 11 more days in Europe . :) Sleep well everyone . 
is alive !!! And not as bad off as I should be considering I traveled for 20 some hours before visiting with my new and lovely Polish buddies ( you know who you are ) and staying out on the town until 5am . And now for day 2 ... or the other half of the first , hard to say really . :D 
did something today ... can you guess what ? :D 
misses her Blixx like crazy . 
feels that everything is tainted and happiness can end in the flick a wings of a butterfly . 
will be traveling around more than Warsaw ... yay . Early day a comin . 
lives ... mostly . Is resting up for the rest of the work week . Is so happy to be home . :) 
is going to learn another language ... or two . Plans on it anyway . :) 
wonders why she is always so very tired . -.- 
is ill and extremely unhappy about it . Curse you oncoming fall and the hell you play on my allergies ! Curse you ... -.- 
is excited that the fright farm is open !!! Or at least ... soon will be . :D 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking andnever question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like theyjust spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live . They understand that ... life ... is busy , but you willalways love them . Re-post if you have at least one of these friends 
So , today was Blixx's birthday and I went through all this effort to make him a cake that was puppy friendly ... and he sniffed it , licked the icing off , sniffed , and walked away . -.- 
' s phone went for a swim and seemed to have realized that life is much too short for constantly outdated technology and has decided to live its life to the fullest . ( Meaning it works better than before . ) 
Campaign Against Child Violence ( Cartoon Profile Pictures ) Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , there should be no human faces on facebook , but a stash of memories . This is for eliminating violence against children . 
is unhappy about the 20 inches of snow they are calling for in Elkins . Especially when the snow hasn't stopped in Philippi and the state road has not been up on the whole plow/salting the road agenda . :: sigh :: 
just went old school ... as in long before school ... pic . :) 
will now be known as Yelhsa to certain individuals . :D 
believes that dogs can see color ... everytime I pick up something red , Blixx disappears . It might have to do with the < PROPFEMALE > Suit ... and hat . 
is the thief of scarves . :D 
wishes people would review . -.- 
52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died & his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded . FREE and papered . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH . Please copy and paste this on your status ! PLEASE HELP OUT 
Worst day ever . 
I laugh at the look I am sure is on many a face at the moment . Yay Packers ! :P Steelers . 
just spent an hour on the side of a road with an injured dog , waiting for someone to come help it . They did and were about to take it to the vet when the dogs ' owner ' showed up . I do not believe he was going to get it help . So very upset right now . 
Dog Update : My mother called around and the guy DID take the dog to the vet . The dog lived through the night although the injuries are extensive . The owner had not made a decision as to what to do but if the dog passes , at least it will be painless and possibly with my blanket . 
The Grenade song ... Really people ? Really ? \ 
I mean ... all I got out of it is that he is into self-harm and wants to blame someone else . The guy has some serious issues . 
Red Bull ... 
Asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My hope is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . Too many to mention have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this as the status of all my friends 
I never would have thought . Disillusionsment is possibly the part that hurts the most . 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing mother , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Had your back , ready to fight the person who ticked you off or made you mad .. and all these things made your friendship stronger , and you don't know what you'd do without their friendship .. Paste this to your status . and see if they know who they are 
You can't make me . 
Is officially sick , as I have a fever .... just waiting on the doctor now . Have been since 10 actually . O.o 
Has bronchitis . :-( they gave me a shot and antibiotics ... 
