ok so its time to change the status 

doesnt know what to type up here 
so ....... no new news 
Brysta McNeal knows shes lying lol 
what's on your mind ? 
Ya know I have 984 Friends , but how many do I actually know and how many do I actually talk to ? lol I want to make it to 1000 , just because .... 
Day 2 of 5 15hour days at work 
Wish I could get a new car 
I have no clue what to type up here anymore , although the 16th is much closer ! 
The 16th is coming and I don't have a roomate ! Yea thats right I am Amazing ! 
Always Happy to Help 
Got moved in ! 
Second night in the dorms 
going to get something to eat in Cafeteria , maybe if its open 
Class statrts tomorrow ! 
Bought Wicked Tickets ! 
I really shouldnt be updating this now , its Saturday night . but i am :-( lol 
Homework ! :-( 
hows class for everyone so far !?! 
The Liberal Lion had died :-( , I know it happened yesterday but I just found out today 
more homework , will it ever end ? 
Who knows the name of Eminems new song , but not the We Made You one it s was another I heard putting someone on blast . 
has class and homework 
tomorrow is payday , and we all know I need it . 
I actually went running and workout yesterday , with the roomate . First time in a long time . Talk about sore 
just finished some homework 
Something I ate yesterday , probably at Late Night is not wanting to agree with me , at all 
is just sitting in the dorms bout to leave 
my music is not working ! :-( 
is sittin in my dorm room watching tv , the one movie with Will Smith and hes broke and whatnot with his son ... yea that one . lol 
Dont think I will take anyone to Luau so I wont be tied down . :-) 
i cant eventhink shraight now 
got a new phone , no < PROPFIRST > txt me with yours , if you want lol . 316 409 5125 and your name of course 
The Blazin ' Hot Challenge at Buffalo Wild WIngs was the most intense 6 minutes of my life . lol but I got thru it . 
wow the wings are catching up with me , fast ! 
im going to bed with big secrets lol , do u wanna know em ? just ask lol 
whats on my mind ? ..... \there are a lot of people up and on facebook at this time of night/ early in the morning\ " lol " 
Just did one of the hardest things I've ever done in my life !!!!! 
Still at work , but is it weird to say that Miley Cirus's new song is actually kinda good ? lol Idk whose heard it but its not bad at all . haha 
made a mjor change to help with College transition and that change is not working ! lol 
Everyone went home for the weekend :-( 
Headed to < PROPMALE > World , the new fun theme park down the street on Rock road . 
oh yea I got my car door fixed today , so now I dont have to crawl through to the passenger door to get out , or through the window to get in . lol 
will do homework all day today ! Tomorrow I might go to < PROPMALE > Allens 
doing Homework ! 
headed out 
Glad I got onto SGA and was confirmed tonite ! Yay ready to start working . 
Who heckles the Pres ? really ? 
Freedom Writers is Amazing ! Brought tears to the eyes in some parts . . . 
Going to bed ! 
should be doing Homework 
Needs help with this Chemistry Chap 3 
ok so if you can help with Chemistry chap 3 text me 316 409 5125 
Is back from < PROPMALE > world 
I dont think I've ever had more then 150 friends on at a time 
One spot left open for Luau for me 
hope im doing this calc right 
thinks he allegric to his deorderant , or something . ouch ! 
Should I change my < PROPMALE > ? Im good and math and like it , but that not my passion , my passion is people . But im doing Industrial Engineering which is more of an Administrator but still ... idk . 
I lost my swim trunks last night :-( 
So at Luau or not I still talk to myself alot , lol 
headed to bank and to take back over due movies 
yay for homework , never a dull moment 
so que pasa en tu < PROPFEMALE > ahora ? 
So i totally have this PDT flag in my room pero dont know what to do with it . lol 
So Obama might get another Supreme Court nominee , too bad hes just replacing liberal and not getting to replace a conservative . lol 
So i think you know you're in trouble when the Mayor calls you into his office and makes you close the door . lol But it was all cool , cuz im cool 
Wow Im watching < PROPFEMALE > Bader Ginsberg or CSPAN she is < PROPFEMALE > smart ! Clearly she is not physically all the way their , however her mind is still sharp ! 
How is a response to the Weekly Response still called a response if it has nothing to do with what the Address was about ? lol Please answer me haha 
I Meant to say how is a respose to the Presidents Weekly Address still called a response if it had absolutly nothing to do with the Address ? lol sorry for the confusion 
How come half the people who are in study hall are on Facebook lol 
Why is < PROPFEMALE > Coulter still bringing up < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
idk what to think about < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Ihavent watched tv in forever 
My pet cricket has restless leg syndrome 
going to bed yay for me ! 
Has to do my schedule , and thanks to all my Pledge Bros 
I did not realize it was two in the morning it seems like it should be like 12 if that late . 
If you look at my breakdown of my friends on here , I do have republican friends I just guess facebook was too ashame for them to point them out lol jk !, so out of the 1101 friends not all of them are Democrats . lol jk ! 
I think Im headed to bed super early porque not felling my best so see yal on the flip side 
up and ready for class 
Is it bad that I laughed so much that the back of my ears hurt ? 
Only 6 people nation wide have my exact first and last name and im the best of them all lol jk ! im really not conceited 
Ok so it is ok to disagree with someone and what they do , however when you treat people with less respect then they deserve for at least being a person , then there is a problem , and then to go and call said person by a derogatory name is quite ridiculous and something I cant understand . Please don't get me started lol 
going to bed 
\This week is going slower then an old man walking with Diarrhea . \ " lol " 
Im listen to the Toostie Roll and I realized I cant do it , really never could , I have to do it with one leg at a time , but that then turns it into the stanky leg right ? 
Going down to eat ... then paper to write on a movie that has nothing to do with the prompt great night ! 
being laid off sucks 
Never go to popthatzit.com lol it was/ is soooooo gross lol 
Tonites SGA meeting was the reason why I joined SGA , now only it was a issue that effected more people then it would have been perfect , but great night ! 
laundry day !!!! 
Good Night !!!!! 
So when you dont have a job , spending money like you do is probably not the greatest of ideas . Right ? 
I would be in bed if I would have done this stuff during the 4 day weekend like most smart people would do . 
Do you like SPAGHETTI ? Want to have an evening of unlimited Salad , Spaghetti , and breadsticks for only $5 dollars ? Come talk to < PROPMALE > asap , for the ticket and details 
Do you like SPAGHETTI ? Want to have an evening of unlimited Salad , Spaghetti , and breadsticks for only $5 dollars ? Come talk to < PROPMALE > asap , for the ticket and details or call 316.409.5125 
IDK what you're doing November 6th-8th say around 11am-2pm or 6pm-9pm , but what you should be doing is eating all you can eat Spaghetti , salad , and breadsticks ! The best part it is only 5 dollars ! What !?! only 5 dollars ? yes and you can get your ticket from < PROPMALE > 316 409 5125 
Wanna be part of Tradition ? Come and be part of one of the Oldest Traditions on campus , The Phi < PROPFEMALE > Theta Spaghetti Dinner , on the 5-8th of Novemeber 11-2 or 6-8 . The best part is that Tickets are only $5 , FOR UNLIMITED Spagehetti , Salad and Breadsticks . Yum Yum 
Its only 1230 !!! what !?! it seems like 4 in the morning 
ok so I need to go to bed , otherwise I will be late to my exec meeting tomorrow 
If you live in Fairmount Towers , you should go vote for your FTAC officers 
just got back from the pledge party , it was fun , but glad it is over 
omg i cant find my planner !!!! \\ 
who is on right now ? and you want something to eat ? and you live in fairmount or close and want to take me to get food and < PROPFEMALE > out lol 
Phi < PROPFEMALE > Theta Spaghetti Dinner started today , will last until Sunday , DONT MISS OUT ! If you need tickets call me . 316 409 5125 
Hey so i was watching AFV and there was a video of the Phi Delt house at the University of Missouri 
So the House passed the Health Care < PROPMALE > ! I wonder how Fox News is reacting . lol I also wonder how many people will add pork onto this < PROPMALE > . 
Wicked was Amazing !!!!! 
going to bed at a reasonably time tonite ! Yay !!! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT-if you are reading this , whether we do or don't get to speak often , post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you're finished post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
My house shoes are falling apart ! sad face :-( 
Has to go to the library to do a paper , which means I have to get dressed then walk there . sad face again :-( 
I think I might wear shorts and a t-shirt today . 
< PROPFEMALE > Lost right now ! 
ok so thought of the day : Just because it is < PROPFEMALE > , doesnt mean its summer . lol 
ok so thought of the day : Just because it is < PROPFEMALE > doesn't mean it is summer , so no need to pull the shorts back out . lol It seemed as though tons of people were wearing shorts like it was 80 degrees out . lol 
Dont you love those days where things happen when you didnt start your day expecting them . :-) 
Hey if you texted me at all this week end , then I am just now getting your text , because I was out of service area all weekend , So thats why I didnt reply , cuz i am just now getting them . 
Its already 10 !?! The day flew by , I guess it was partially productive , got my room cleaned and spotless . lol 
I need a soup knife !!!!!!! 
Who wants to do my homework while I watch movies ? 
Ya know , its sad when you find out how truely broke you are . :-( lol 
I should really start running and working out ! 
what do I do wrong ? Like really ? lol 
I hate Chocolate bars , but i cant stop eating em . yum yum :-) 
Cant tell if I have a grey hair in my moustache or if its the way the light is hitting it . 
Today has been stressful in retrospect . Craziness 
Can't sleep with my mind racing 3x10^8 meters per second ! I know that was nerdy but i really cant sleep my mind wants to do everything but sleep . 
Finally registered for classes . Yay Me ! Now lets just hope I pass all my classes this semester :-) 
I came to the honors lounge for the first time today . And its not bad , now if I would have gotten work done then it would have been great ! lol Who else is in the Honors program ? 
omg guess what I am watching ! Im excited !..... go on ahead , guess , just guess . lol I'll give you a hint , its political . 
Ok so the speech is over no time to turn to Fox to see what they say . 
< PROPFIRST > Kucinich is < PROPFEMALE > odd looking man 
Thinks I am changing my < PROPMALE > ! 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST with anyone for 24 HOURS ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty !! ANYONE 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST with anyone for 24 HOURS ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty !! ANYONE . ( this will only last time two thats when my 24 hours are up , i just reposted so more ppl will see lol ) I've enjooyed the questions . lol 
Had a long day ! 
It is colder then a Peguins Picnic in my room ! Need it to be warmed up ! lol 
Be there or integral of 2B ! who gets this ? isnt it funny ? I know ! I came up with it . so of course it is . 
If anyone knows how you can make money without please let me know ! lol or something more likely to happen if you know of any places hiring that work well with your schedule . 
If anyone knows how to make money without working please let me know , or rather let me know if you know of a place hiring right now that works well with schedules 
Ok so I am registered for 21 hours next semester , i need help deciding what classes to drop , because they all seem interesting , I think the first to go will be My Intro to International Relations presession . maybe ? 
ok so I just thought it was time to change this so I am ... ;-) 
ok so my phone is not working at the moment so if you have texted me or called me for the last 2 or so days thats why , sorr 
im sooooo hungry !!!! Who wants to bring me food lol 
I think it is chocolate bar time ! 
Bed Time !! 
One down one to go ! and btw I think I did well , lets hope though cuz when ever I think I did well I do horrible and when I think I did bad I do pretty darn well . 
Guess what ?.... Im Done with school ... I officially dropped out ! Yay me ! lol JK ! I am done with finals so I am done for the semester . lol 
Ok so no more finals but I did horrible on my english final 
Ok so Im bored 
just got home bout ot go eat ! yay 
Besides semester being over , the other good thing this break brings is that alot of ppl will be back here in Wichita that I want to see .... I think ? I guess we'll see lol 
Ok so I just watched My Bloody < PROPFIRST > and that was not bad at all . lol 
Good night Facebook , or Goodmorning Rather 
So my room is clean ! minus the sink , but rest of it is clean . lol 
The movie Precious is a GREAT movie , go see it ! I hadn't heard about it before I saw it but Im glad I did . lol 
Shox Won !!!!! Yay now Im bored , text me to < PROPFEMALE > out 
Being on break since monday and still having awhile to go is no fun , nothing to do until Midwinter , although my birthday and Christmas is in between so maybe I will have fun . 
who wants pizza ? 
lets < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow .... 
I MADE GRADES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was a < PROPMALE > bit worried ! 
long day ..... sorta 
Hey Yall 
You know when you turn 19 you dont or at least I dont feel any older . lol 
So the fire alarm just went off on my floor , so I grab my laptop and its cords and some other important documents , but in my rush to leave my room , I forgot my keycard meaning I locked myself out . lol :-( . But I got back in so its all good ! lol 
Who has a WSU hoodie that you can let me borrow ? I need one for this weekend , so if you have one please help me out so I can properly rep our school . thanks ! 
If this chilling weather isn't proff of climate change , then I dont what is . lol 
Will be unreachable for the entire weekend this weekend , so if you call or text or email and get no response , dont worry I will respond on Sunday . 
Ok so that was fun 
Had a great night tonite , there is a first time for everything 
Liquidated all farm assests on Farmville , so no more farm . lol 
I dont know what to think about the reversal of McCain-Feingold 
just when I thought this Fox News report thing was going to be worth watching it quickly failed , but the good news is , is that Fox is consistent 
Now see MSNBC is balanced , they are hammering President Obama on this economic freeze . lol 
Going to bed soon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Matthews would be good only if he would actually let his guest speak and get their thoughts out before he starts screeching . lol 
So Slumdog Millionaire is a great movie ! 
Its funny that I've been in the same room since I started college and just now for the first time ever saw someone who lives 2 doors down . 
Ok so I just thous it was time for a change so i changed my status 
Why do we \upside down\ " and not \ " downside up\ " lol These deep thinking questions are brought to you by the letter \ " T\ " and sponsored by the number 5 lol ( Sesame Street Reference for the ones who dont get it ) lol " 
Is ready for today ! 
I have never seen Greek Unity like I saw this weekend ! 
Parle vous francais ? Et vous ? Hablas Espanol ? 
To all my fraternity brothers who live in the dorms , You dont know how close I was to coming and waking one of you guys to stay in yall room because our fire alarm went off on 3S at 1AM and it just went off at 310AM . But lucky I was able to stick it out lol Goodnight everyone 
is having a great time 
Sometimes I wish I could work on Saturdays because I have alot of work to catch up on 
Does anyone have any idea where i can take paper to recycle it ? 
I assume it is ok to eat chicken that has been on my desk since about 4 this afternoon right ? Its in a box in a bag , yea im gonna say Im good 
So if I got chocolate on my elbow , how do I get it off ? lol Get it ? lol 
So myself and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > are running at 6am in tomorrow , who wants to come with ? Gonna go a slower 7-8 minute mile pace . 
I love < PROPFIRST > Rowell !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :] 
since we all know that last status was a < PROPMALE > lie !!!!! We can all ignore together 
Any statuses that appear on my facebook that dont even remotely sound like me then disregard please and Thankyou ! 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > PALIN 
< PROPFIRST > LAMBERT IS A MUSICAL GENIUS 
RAH RAH AH AH AH < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > MA GAGA OH LA LA WANT A BAD < PROPFEMALE > NCE 
Please disregard all the last messages and Statuses PLease and Thankyou ! 
\If you want to make the world a better place take a look at yourself and then make a change\ " Perfect Quote ! " 
Last night/ This morning was long with those Student Fee Budget debates , but i would always do again 
Im so bored ! Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Green Zone was a great movie ! Really makes me think ... 
Ok yall I need 7.5 people asap ! text me if you have time tomorrow say about 520 to 7 or so text me asap lol 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland anyone ? At 520 at 13th < PROPMALE > 
Only in Kansas can it be super nice and < PROPFEMALE > outside in the morning and afternoon , then get cold < PROPFEMALE > and start snowing 
Is it a shame I get as excited by watching votes like today as i do when watching football ? 
Wow Stupak shut them down ! LOL 
You know , I think I have a new found respect for < PROPFEMALE > Pelosi for the work she has done now lets hope that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Durbin had the same . 
So although I usually agree with the substance of what < PROPFIRST > Olbermann says , he sometimes can be too much . lol 
You know , I really think that if the Senate Republicans actually vote against the fixes for HealthCare then there is something seriously wrong . I mean I understand they are against the whole < PROPMALE > all together , but since it will be signed into law tomorrow anyway , why not make it as best as it can be to help all Americans ? 
Well its bed time I have a early presentation tomorrow morning . So see on the other side of the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Seeing the pain and sheer sadness of a mother who has lost a child is by far the saddest thing to see . 
One of the funniest uses of the literary double negative is < PROPMALE > Adams’ description of a machine dispensing “a substance almost , but not quite , entirely unlike tea . ” 
Hey yall , Im running on for the Business Senator on the Shocker for Exellence ticket . Be sure to vote in the Student Government Association April 5-7th it opens and close at 5pm on the 5th and 7th respectively 
unproductive day , lets change that 
Is it wierd if I google myself ? lol 
I VOTED today ! You should go vote ASAP , let your voice be heard on campus by VOTING . I am Running for an At-Large Seat on the Shockers for Excellence ticket . GO VOTE !!!! 
Today ( Wednesday ) is the last day to vote in the SGA Elections you have until 5 dont miss out . Vote for < PROPMALE > McNeal and the Shockers for Excellence Party 
Today was an interesting day . . for several reasons ! 
New favorite quote : \You bet not get on the stage and embarass me in front of all those people or I will slap all your pomp out of your circumstance\ " LOL " 
I don't know about you , but I'm proud of < PROPMALE > Six , the Kansas Attorney General , for using the Law and logic and not joining the suit against the Federal Government 
Phi < PROPFEMALE > Gamma brought home the Drome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUT I do want to say congrats to all the chapters everyone did great ! Especially GPhi & SAE ! Great JOb 
Phi < PROPFEMALE > Gamma brought home the Drome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUT I do want to say congrats to all the chapters everyone did great ! Especially GPhi & SAE ! Great JOb 
Hey 
Everyone should follow me on twitter 
I try so hard to understand things even when I dont agree , But I just cant wrap my mind around the actions of the Arizona state House of Reps and Senate . 
Why oh Why Did I have to Oversleep today of alll days ?!? Days like today are the times I need my car . lol 
\Do you know what happens when a toad is struck by lightening ?... the same thing that happens to everything else\ " lol " 
Congrats ! To the MGC and the successful Stomp the Yard step Show , also I want to say good job to the Wichita State chapters of AKA and DG for their great step tonite ! 
Congrats ! To the MGC and the successful Stomp the Yard step Show , also I want to say good job to the Wichita State chapters of AKA and DG for their great step tonite ! Also , cant forget the WSU bruhs of APhiA and < PROPFIRST > Sigma Tau for their \Ice Cold\ " step . " 
Ok friends , so I have lost my Planner and need help finding it , if you find it please let me know . I really need it back , there will be a reward giving for who ever finds it . 
Toujours = Always 
sup sup 
The reaction is the best part , unfortunately I can't see the reaction for it would be to obvious , but I will hear the stories tomorrow . So I guess it still works out . Lol 
< PROPFEMALE > on Everybody Hates < PROPFIRST > is just like my little sister Chyane 
I need a massage , too bad I dont have a car or money lol :-( 
I love all the beautiful women in my life ! I have the best ! I have the privilege to acknowledge many of them . My Mom : Mia < PROPMALE > - < PROPFIRST > Grandmothers : < PROPFEMALE > Francis- < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Mcneal . Hapy Mother's Day !!!! 
I love all the beautiful women in my life ! I have the best ! They have supported me in all my endevours , successes , and failures . My Mom : Mia < PROPMALE > - < PROPFIRST > Grandmothers : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > McNeal . As well as all the other women who play a vital role in my life < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and everyone one else . Thankyou . Happy Mother's Day !!!! 
Ok , so everyone can stop looking and worrying the crisis has been solved .... I have found my Planner !!!! I would like to thank everyone who prayed for me and my family through these tough times , we knew that we would find my planner at some point . I just glad it is at home now safe and sound . LOL I crack myself up . lol 
Needs a haircut , who can cut hair ? Today lol 
Usted sabe que usted necesita lavar la ropa cuando usted no tiene ropa interior limpia . Lol 
Sitting in the airport waiting for the plane to take me away , 
Sittin in the < PROPMALE > In ternational Airport for my 2.5 hr layover 
Ohh yea , Im back yall . Been back for awhile . Its good to be home . 
I wish I had to Academic fortitude as some of my counterparts . I dont study as I should and dont focus as I should . :-( 
At Barnes and < PROPMALE > doing homework but cant focus ! lol 
It took me all day to put together a Futon today , literally took a nice < PROPMALE > of my afternoon up . I did take a nap at some point in the middle of the floor but still lol 
Its the first official day of summer and Ive done nothing , this is going to need to change . 
Ok so I did clean my room , and got everything put away from the move . I also got alot of eye rest today and I ordered a Pizza with my fraternity bro Troyce Hefley , who still owes me money LOL jk ( But Seriously ) , so it hasnt been completely unproductive . LOL 
If you are in the House of Reps and get the party nomionation in your state to simply move up into the Senate , can you claim to have beat the \establishment\ " because are you not part of the \ " establishment\ " ? Or I guess he was getting the backing of party leaders so that means he isnt part of the \ " establishment . lol " 
If you are in the House of Reps and get the party nomination in your state to simply move up into the Senate , can you really claim to have beat the \establishment\ " because are you not part of the \ " establishment\ " ? Or I guess because he didn't have the party leaders backing that means he isn't part of the \ " establishment\ " Lol " 
good Night world 
I sold my car today finally !!! 
Even though being cut off from communitcation because cell phone reception was horrible and we didnt have access to tv or laptops for a week , was very nice , catching up is a pain . This past week has been amazing I saw and learned alot about people and certain traits they have . 
In Manhattan !! 
What would you all think if I were to start my own company ? Be a consulting firm , well not firm but me being a consultant on things like leadership and college prep and ... well idk what else , what else should I know stuff about ? I like this idea at 2 in the morning . 
I would like to point out that one the Red Baron pizza and pan pasta commercial that all the Pizza boys drive better cars then most pizza boys . lol 
I need an assistant , who needs community service hours ? Just for this afternoon and must have good handwriting . Call/text if you want to take the opportunity . 
other than House my new favorite show is Leverage 
I would like like to publicly acknowledge the hard working dedicated staff at Hope Street Youth Development < PROPFEMALE > Smokorowski the Executive Director , < PROPMALE > Thomison the Director of Development , Jaya Escobar the Academics Director , and < PROPFEMALE > Andrews the Program Director . They have worked tirelessly to ensure the success of HSYD and I want to say Thank You . 
I have made my website it is called McnlConsulting.com feel free to stop by and browse around . Lol Its not done yet , but still .... its up to you . 
Get him to the Greek is a good movie 
Hey there is a DG on Disaster Date right now ! She is representing well . 
My day way sooo eventful ! Ask me about it 
Hey yall , I've finally did stuff with my consulting business website , mcnlconsulting.com, so go visit and let me know what I need to change . thanks ! 
Nothing new to say ! 
The race between Wink Hartman and < PROPFIRST > Pompeo should be interesting . Its clear who is out spending who , however the ads I do see are very disappointing . 
Wisconsin became the 30th state in the Union the same year that The Fraternity for Life- Phi < PROPFEMALE > Theta started . 
One of the first things I learned when I went Greek is that once you join a Greek Organization you never take you letters off . There are 17 greek organzations on campus , we all have different letters different meanings different principals . Even though we all always compete against each other we have onething in common We Are all Greek . Today we lost a Great Greek Man Zach Mesch . He will be missed . 
finally have my computer back , I have not been able to cjeck mail or anything since last saturday . 
I've ordered my jacket ! Cant wait for it to be done ! 
I really do feel like I should find a song and do a diet with someone for Hippodrome or something , better yet a quartet or sextet or octet . Who wants to be in that number ?.... ohh when the saints come marching in , lol I couldnt help it . but really who ? 
I think I just burnt the bottom of my feet on the sidewalk , good thing I dont need them to bend or see . lol Anyone get that reference ? 
So I found out today that Coach Crawford has died :-( 
Just came back from the drive in 
I really really dislike ants !!!! lol 
\You are as brave as some who aint brave\ " lol " 
Dont you hate when you say you arent going anywhere but then wish you would have . lol 
I would like everyone to know I just cooked my own full meal for the first time since I moved out from home and it was delicious best meal ever . Thank goodness my mom , Mia < PROPMALE > - < PROPFIRST > , taught us how to cook . 
Going to Ohio ! 
I am back now , and the local primaries are very interesting , I wish I would have voted early 
My shoulders are freakinng peeling from walking around in the sun this past weekend , I think lol 
The death of someone else ... < PROPMALE > McCutcheon a Heights graduate and Boys State alumnus died early this morning in a car accident on the turnpike . He will be missed , my thoughts and prayers go to the McCutcheon family and his girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > 
An opportunity to invest in a small start up business has come along . I'm not sure if I should invest or not . The idea is good , but not sure . Meeting with the owner tonight to see if it is worth it . Kind of excited ! 
So I need to clean my room ! lol 
Can anyone really be against a < PROPMALE > that will help the states keep their teachers , firefighters , and police , as well as many other benefits like roads and lights and not to mention it is completly paid for however all at the same time be in favor extending tax cuts for the richest americans that arent paid for and will indeed add to the deficit ? hmmmmm ...... 
So being a bigger man is sometimes hard , I was going to be soooo spiteful towards an organization , but that would negetive for the over all campaign because I had such high hopes and was really excited but due to what I see as unanchored actions it all has come crashing down . lol Well I guess I can say lesson learned I guess ... 
I'm going crazy , Im losing my mind , Im going crazy in this big white room of mine ! . . . maybe I should paint it ? LOL ;-) 
my < PROPFEMALE > is cold now 
This is pretty DIAPPOINTING that only 10 Senators bothered to show up tonite . Get it together yall ! lol 
So its official I now have 3 WSU shirts , its ashame it took me this long to get shirts for the school I love so much lol but I now have some shirts ! lol 
So I feel like I have grown up alittle bit today taking a step further into adulthood . Im happpy , not what I wanted but it is mine ! 
So walking a mile in heels is not comfortable at all !!! But it was for a good cause , I think it will take a year for my feet to be normal again , just in time to do it again next year . 
Hey so I forgot to share with everyone that my jacket came in yesterday , cant wait for it to get cold ! lol 
So I'm thinking I will be going to Ulrich Musuem tomorrow to see the Hindsight is Always 20/20 exhibit and the one of a kind Piccaso they have on display . Who wants to go with ? 
So name brand is not always better . Nutri-grain bars are not as good as their generic Great Value counter parts . Nutri-Grain bars tastes so powdery and dry . On a side note my fraternity brother < PROPMALE > Swanson looks like Niles Crane on Frazier LOL 
So I got quite the workout tonite , it felt like I ran . On another note : remember never leave expired milk in the fridge for a month after it expires doesnt end well :-( LOL 
So today was interesting , I got stuck in the elevator , my pants are too tight , the power went out in the RSC and so we waited for 2 hours before we could leave because we had to wait with a gentleman who couldnt take the stairs and for obvious reason couldnt take the elevator . lol 
So when I am/if I am ever president or just in politics I could imagine that my dad < PROPFIRST > Schafer would be the < PROPMALE > Colbert of that time . I want everyone to know now that I called it ! lol 
If I watched football Im sure I would be mad at the refs too , cause it seems like everyone else is . 
Good Mornig friends , havent updated in awhile , so here it is lol 
Going to the University play - Carnival - Anyone want to go with ? Starts at 7:30 
I ran a 6:05 mile NAKED ... Nearly ! lol \ 
That was indeed a great event , good job Alumni Association ! 
Dont you hate when you know you are about to be sick , but really really dont want to so youtry to ignore it . lol 
\No its lip balm and lip balm like every other bomb is prohibited on flights\ " lol " 
My car won't start , :-( lets hope it is just the battery and not the alt . 
I want everyone to know that I heard B98 playing Christmas music so it is now ok for me to sing christmas carols and I intend to all the time . :-) 
Inbox Me A Question and i will answer it honestly ! 
Q : Why did you make me sign a contract when we started dating in elementary school ? HAHA ! \ 
A : Hahaha I dont remember that , but it was just my businessman in me back in the day LOL . 
Q : Why are you worthless ? \ 
A : I am not worthless you just wish you could be me . ;-) 
For anyone who cares , it is snowing 
I would like to send congrats to the ladies of GPhiB on playing to win tonight at volleyball . 
I know its hecka late , but I want to send Congrats to my greek sisters , the ladies of < PROPFEMALE > Kappa < PROPFEMALE > Sorority Incorporated - EA Chapter , on the amazing Introduction to the New Members event they had last night . 
Have you ever had something that you just felt like letting go , but you know you can't for various reasons ? :-) 
So i was reading my mom's status that says \ ' thou shall not kill ' .... does that apply to mice\ " and one of the responses was as follows \ " NO you must have the Bible that left out what it says in parentheses .. Mine says ... \ " Thou shall not kill .. ( But please kill as many rodents and insects and snakes as you like .. I messed up there my children .. OOOpps !! )\ " lol\ " Hahahaha hilarious ! " 
WOAH . I never thought I'd say this , but < PROPFIRST > Beck might be a genius , and I've started hating the Democratic party . 
Since we all know that the last status update was NOT mine please disregard - Thanks !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Harbor is such a good movie 
One day I will be like Oprah and buy a network and call it < PROPMALE > McNeal Network ( MMN ) lol . Its crazy she calls her new network OWN that really means she owns everything LOL 
I have no clue what I am going to give my Policy Persuasive speech over . Even though I give it tomorrow at 9:30 . lol Long night coming my way . 
Bout to go to bed finally ! just to wake up a finish ... dang procrastination , damn you !!!!! LOL 
So to my surprise many of the lights I have to routinely turn off every night were indeed off . Especially the second floor light , was turned off by someone else , that never happens lol 
My head hurts :-( Maybe thats my body's response for sleeping so long . Maybe taking a shower will help . 
Your car is Japanese . Your beer is < PROPMALE > . Your wine is Spanish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your tea is Chinese . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai or Italian . Your radio is Korean . Your vodka is Russian . And then you complain that your neighbor is an immigrant ? Pull yourself together ! Copy if you are against ignorance . PASS the DREAM Act 
So I have a final at 8AM tomorrow and I really have no clue why anyone would schedule a final for that early in the morning ! 
I am so tired 
Public Speaking Final tomorrow/today at 1pm ! yay ! 
Finalement fini avec < PROPMALE > fina < PROPMALE > ! 
This internet connection tonite has been on my nerves ! 
I got a 91% on my French Final ! To some thats not great but given my previous scores thats outstanding lol 
Headed back home to Boston ! :-) 
So Rent and The Color Purple are coming to Wichita , I want to go , whose going with ? 
thinking im bout to go to bed 
You know what I dont understand ? Is why people take pictures flipping the camera off . It makes no sense and accomplishes absolutely nothing . 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
I want to thank everyone for the Birthday Wishes . I appreciate it ! Next year I might have a party , who knows ! 
I would like everyone to know that at 730 in the morning I just Jerked ( the dance ) for the first time ever in my room . Im proud of myself . lol 
I am so tired today its nap time !!! Yay ! 
I am pretty sure I almost had a burst aneurysm - Darn fast food . LOL 
So good news and bad news - The good news is < PROPFIRST > Beck is going off the radio ! yay !! Bad News is there is new censored Huckleberry Finn edition . To me it seems as though we our doing our children a disservice by not being able to teach them about what is happening and what the true literature is about . Replacing the n-word with the word slave is a far misguided attempt that to me seems to make the situtation worse . 
So I havent updated in a while . Two Notes Black Swan is a great movie , its a must see . Also I would like to say CONGRATS to the newest bros initiated into Phi < PROPFEMALE > Theta tonite !!! Special Congrats to < PROPMALE > Kubish ( my sole recruit ) on making it !!! 
So idk how I feel about < PROPFEMALE > Maddow almost defending < PROPFIRST > Steele , the former RNC Chairman . Although I suppose its a good thing because it shows that she is more a journalist than pundit . lol Meaning she is willing to see the truth and not just see party . But , she is asking great questions . 
Hey so I was listening to NPR earlier today and heard a joke that was funny and just remembered it . What did the doe say as she left the woods ? ( idk what did she say ? lol ) \thats the last time I do that for two bucks ! \ " lol " 
Happy State of the Union < PROPFEMALE > !!!! lol 
Guess who I just saw on Tv ? < PROPFEMALE > Sebelius !!! GO KANSAS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hahahahaha 
Could Boehner look anymore disinterested ! He's like science -smience lol 
So < PROPFEMALE > Pelosi gets her yearly work out during the Obama SOTU cause she leaves her seat every < PROPMALE > she gets lol 
What ?!?!?!?!?! Did i just see more Republicans standing and clapping than Democrats ? oh my ... lol Good to see 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > Bader Ginsberg cant hold her head up , or decides not to - which one is it ? lol 
Tell me why < PROPFIRST > McCain was standing on the earmark thing , cause tomorrow he would think it was the worst idea ever . lol 
It is my goal to get free advertising by the POTUS next year in the SOTU lol hahahaha Lets go MCNEAL CONSULTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! USA ! USA ! USA ! :-) 
The debt will be so severe that government will doubled in size and doubled taxes ? Im confused lol 
You know it's a shame if I can say I liked < PROPFIRST > Jindal's response more . hahaha Thats tough ! lol Now lets see what Rep. Bachmann has to say . lol :-) 
WHOOO !! Visual Aids , Im impressed . 
really shouldnt leave his facebook open . luckily , < PROPMALE > McCanless was nice enough not to post anything bad 
Hey , so I was thinking I should actually go to the store tonight and buy food just in case we get snowed in tomorrow . 
Tomorrow always comes for me with everything except homework . lol 
So I think my mom would be pround of me for the way I shopped for groceries today . lol I spent almost 2/3 less than I usually spend when I go for groceries and got roughly the same quantity . :-) 
So I am gonna start running again to get back into my routine of running , So Im thinking for awhile to do a simple run to < PROPMALE > Fair from my house then after awhile make it alil harder . Who wants to go with ? 
Really ? The pepsi commercial was not bad at all . 
In Topeka ! 
Back from Topeka , safe and sound ! 
In St. < PROPFIRST > !!!!! Should be in bed , but not tired , so what to do ? 
StJude is at the AFLV Central conference . I support @StJude bc no child is ever denied treatment due to a familys inability to pay . Visit http://www.stjude.org 
Congrats to the people of Egypt , Democracy will prevail !!!! 
I do believe this is the first time I have been up this late actually studying this semester . I'm headed to bed now or soon .... Goodnight FB friends ! 
Bro . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > #346 entered Chapter Grand this morning , keep his friends , Fraternity , and Family in your prayers . \In coelo quies est \"" 
You live in the Midwest when :\ 
1)You've never met any celebrities , but the mayor knows your name 2)Your idea of a traffic jam is ten cars waiting to pass a tractor 3)You have had to switch from heat to A/C on the same day 4)You end sentences with a preposition : Where's my coat at ? 5)When asked how your trip was to any exotic place , you say , ... It was different ! \ 
I thought this was funny , and decided to share . 
So not only is < PROPFEMALE > Maddow in Kansas , but my brother is on the show right behind her ! 
I went to a program today , Invisible Children , and it was an amazing program . On April 25th there is a challenge to stay quiet for 25 hours as well as raising $25 . However , I was hoping all my FB friends would help me raise $25 from 25 people ($625 ) . Although I know everyone can't give $25 please give what you can . It all goes to helping stop children soldiers in central Africa . 
So I was doing my econ homework and the right answers at the bottom of the worksheet that she said that we wouldnt we get right , but I got them right ! So I feel great ! However , we will see how that test goes on Thursday , if we even have a test , I guess we will find out lol 
I am so glad to see that K-State will be advancing , oohh waaiitt ..... hahahahahaha 
Just in case you were wondering , the History Channel is the best invention EVER !!!!!!!!!!! lol 
I could never imagine going to war and having to committ some of the atrocities of WWII and see some of the things soilders had to see . 
My phone is off :-( 
The Brave One is a good movie 
So , I am pretty sure everyones brackets are done . hahaha Is anyone going to win a bracket pool ? lol 
Now I know that no one had Butler winning hahahaha 
There are 10 million million million million million million million million million particles in the universe that we can observe your mama took the ugly ones and put them in one nerd ! hahahahaha 
I encourage everyone to go to the Wichita State University SGA Election Debate tomorrow in Hubbard Hall Rm 208 . Learn who your presidential candidates are and their platforms . 
Maybe I should go apply at McDonalds to make sure I have a summer job when the semester is over lol 
Why do my teeth freakin ' hurt ?!? Its not like I have a headache . 
not only do my teeth hurt but I also need a neck massage and a back massage wouldnt hurt either . and all of it needs to be done for free any takers ? lol haha 
Just reminding everyone that tomorrow ( today ) is April 25th which is the Invisible Children day of silence . So I wll be silent all day tomorrow . 
I just got done turning a 4 < PROPFEMALE > \C\ " financial analysis project into a nine < PROPFEMALE > what I hope to be an \ " A\ " project lol " 
Change you profile picture to an image of the American flag for freedom and democracy around the world . To further illustrate that nothing will hold us down and to unify the country . Irregardless of how you feel about the death of Osama \God Bless America\ " --- Repost " 
Everyone be sure to take part in the Re-Vote happening on campus right now for the At-Large Senate seats and the Liberal Arts and Sciences seats . Shock The Vote ! 
Good Evening , everyone I would like to announce that I am in the process of making a group to announce the official results of the Re-vote election for the positions of Liberal Arts and Science Senators(4 ) and the At-Large Senator Senators(14 ) . I want to apologize in the delay had a prior engagement that didn't allow time to annouce this earlier . 
Dear Everyone , \ 
\ 
I am gonna be a CoCo this year at KSBS . I am so Excitied and Nervous ..... :-) \ 
That is all ! \ 
~ Marcus McNeal 
I saw the light . Property rights , gun rights , and tax breaks FTW ! 
Lesson of the Day : Always be sure to lock my laptop or shut it down before I leave the house . 
Just a quick question on my break from studying ( I know I am actually studying , surprise ) , But what does it mean when you always say \whats up\ " or \ " hey\ " or \ " hows it going\ " to a person in passing and they never say anything back ? lol I mean sometimes in passing people dont hear me cause I mumble and what not but I kow this person hears me on most occassions . lol " 
90 on my econ final ! Sweet ! Guess studying actually does work . lol 
I am a lil bored so i think I might go to the store . 
Pretty sure I failed this French final . dang it ... 
Ok so my French final started this morning at 8am and I didnt wake up until 8:45 ! I run down the stairs without brushing the teeth rush into the room and ran through the test and got a 77% . Not good but given the circumstances I am happy . lol 
Today is the first time , in a very long time , Ive had all my clothes washed folded and put away lol 
When Im in Rome they do as I do . lol 
ok so I think I am gonna go for a run !!! yay I havent ran in forever 
So I was just listening to Lion < PROPMALE > music in my car and got to thinking about the classic movie . Then I started thinking about Lion < PROPMALE > II and wondered \are < PROPFEMALE > and Kovu cousins ? \ " lol " 
Things are about to get really awkward .... maybe lol 
So started new job today , it was fun 
Hahahah So I just looked up what planking was and it is hilarious . It literally seems like something that should be on The Onion . lol who does it ? 
This weather is crazy ! But I guess that's Kansas for ya . lol 
ya know , July 4th always makes me proud to be an american in < PROPFEMALE > , but not just because of the multitude of things the 4th represents but listening to the fireworks go off all night makes me think of all the war torn countries around the world . We deal with explosions for one night a year while people across the world hear this everynight and dont know if they will live through to the next day . 
Why oh why am I still awake ? lol I guess it beats laying in bed for literally 2hrs and not even almost falling asleep like last night 
I was gonna go running but I would rather not get struck by lightening 
Lets Go USA !! 
U S A ! U S A ! U S A ! lol 
Happy Birthday to my dearest brother , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Holt 
So does anyone know if there are still < PROPMALE > Potter movie tickets available for the midnight showing ? I havent tried to buy any yet just figured I would check . lol 
saw this on a shirt \Only you can save the world from Global Warming ( which is great cause I have stuff to do)\ " hilarious !!! " 
Also heard this joke , \So this dyslexic walked into a bra ... \ " lol ( Sorry to any friends who are dyslexic ) lol " 
SIBLING WAR !!! Copy this if you are the smartest , funniest and best looking of your siblings . If this stands an hour without your brother or sister protesting then you win !!! 
So I finally got my themostat fixed so now I dont have to drive 50mph down the street to get where Im going before my car overheats lol and I can use my air again !! yay 
Does anyone have a IB333 book that they arent currently using that I can borrow for 2weeks starting monday ? 
Say you were a serial killer . Here are the rules :\ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st person is your first victim : < PROPFIRST > Rowell\ 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : < PROPMALE > Richardson\ 
3rd person is your partner in crime : < PROPMALE > Oluwolekoolook Olorunfemi\ 
4th person tries to kill you : < PROPFIRST > Autrey \ 
5th person turns you in : < PROPMALE > V 
So I read a book named ' Tuesdays with Morrie ' finished it today . It is a great book . I encourage everyone to pick it up a give it a gander 
So it has been decided I am dropping out of college and moving to < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Yay ! 
So The SIMS is pretty BA just so ya know 
So I was at work the other day and it was slow and I made up a funny joke . idk if it is original but it was the first time I heard it \Why couldn't the market go into the store ? \ " .... \ " because it was bear\ " hahahaha LOL " 
There are so many lessons that can be learned from < PROPFIRST > and the Chocolate . 
Wants to say Welcome to all the new little Greek children running around this evening . May your journey to becoming a Greek man or woman be filled with fun , excitement and growth . 
So I just finished X-Men First Class and its not a scary movie , but the black man still dies first .... hahaha LOL . #soconfused 
If I go and see Lion < PROPMALE > do you think people will be mad if I sang along ? lol 
Noone can talk to my roomate < PROPMALE > Bannon for the rest of tonight and tomorrow because you might mess up his qi ( < PROPFIRST > ) ! haha 
Today we mourn the passing of a beloved old friend , Common Sense , who has been with us for many years . No one knows for sure how old he was , since his birth records were long ago lost in bureaucratic red tape . He will be remembered as having cultivated such valuable lessons as : -Knowing when to come in out of the rain ; - Why the early bird gets the worm ; - Life isn't always fair ; - And maybe it was my fault . Common Sense lived by simple , sound financial policies , don't spend more than you can earn and adults , not children , are in charge . His health began to deteriorate rapidly when well-intentioned but overbearing regulations were set in place . Reports of a 6-year-old boy charged with sexual harassment for kissing a classmate ; teens suspended from school for using mouthwash after lunch ; and a teacher fired for reprimanding an unruly student , only worsened his condition . Common Sense lost ground when parents attacked teachers for doing the job that they themselves had failed to do in disciplining their unruly children . It declined even further when schools were required to get parental consent to administer sun screen lotion or an aspirin to a student ; but could not inform parents when a student became pregnant and wanted to have an abortion . Common Sense lost the will to live as the churches became businesses ; and criminals received better treatment than their victims . Common Sense took a beating when you couldn't defend yourself from a burglar in your own home and the burglar could < PROPFEMALE > you for assault . Common Sense finally gave up the will to live , after a woman failed to realize that a steaming cup of coffee was hot . She spilled a little in her lap , and was promptly awarded a huge settlement . Common Sense was preceded in death , by his parents , Truth and Trust , by his wife Discretion , his daughter Responsibility , and his son , Reason . He is survived by his 4 stepbrothers ; I Know My Rights , I Want It Now , Someone Else Is To Blame , I'm A Victim . Not many attended his funeral because so few realized he was gone . If you still remember him , pass this on . If not , do nothing- 
I dont understand the number game and how its played . I understand that when someones number comes up you comment about them but Im not sure how < PROPFIRST > are assigned to ppl . lol 
Does anyone know anyone who chews yogurt ? 
Just got back from the show , Good News !, it was a great show with great actors and actresses . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Stang , Kolby Reece < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Richardson , < PROPMALE > January , < PROPFEMALE > Pirtle , < PROPMALE > V , < PROPFEMALE > Nevins and all the other cast and crew who I am not facebook friends with did a great job ! 
ok so I was looking at someones profile and started to scroll down through the wall , but I had forgot I was on someones profile and started thinking to myself \why is ( this person ) keep co < PROPFEMALE > g up on my wall ? \ " It took me a < PROPFEMALE > to figure out lol " 
Today is my < PROPMALE > Day and my Bond Number Day !! 
So if you texted me earlier today , I apologize for not responding . My phones radio receiver was off and I forgot it was so never turned it back on . 
So in my failed attempt to simply trim my beard , I had to end up shaving it completely off . :( Although I dont look much different can hardly tell a diff . Maybe I should shave the mustache too hmmm ..... 
Having a Healthy Disregard for the Impossible kind of night :) 
So if KU and K-State thought they got embarrassed today , just wait until they play those SHOCKERS , we've been undefeated since 1986 for a reason !!!!! haha 
Ya know , I hate when you read a novel that it is really good and you get connected to the characters as well as the plot because I am always have that same feeling that I get after having a great time with friends out of town but have to come back home and get back to the daily routine ; like you dont want it to end . The book Kite Runner is a beautiful story , very sad , but great ! 
I dont think I have ever written a 6 paragraph introduction to a paper . 
So tonight I sat through IFC elections and it is so weird not running for a position . I don't think since maybe like my < PROPMALE > year in high school has there been an election in an organization I was part of and I wasn't running for a position . 
When you read a book and your heart aches for the characters then you know the book is good . A Thousand Splendid Suns is a great book . Hosseni is a great story teller . 
Ya know , its days like today that I wish I could just take abreak from life , from being the nice guy all the time . . . I question my purpose . In high school I had a drive to change the world one word , person , school at a time , and I believe I was . But , right now , am I making a change in the world ? #timeforreevaluation 
Now that my break has officially started now that I have turned in my group paper , I can let you all know there are now only 3 days before I can start singing Christmas music unbridled hahaha 
haha have you ever known someone or met someone whom you didnt like some much or they were so unimpressive that you told yourself you could never give you kids that name . lol 
