FUCK LIFE .. I HATE ... GIVE ME ONE GOOD REASON TO STAY 

Class at one then at 230 , when all i really want to do is be with him , warm and safe ! 
Bored until after lunch ! then the journey home starts !!!!!!!! Cant wait until next weekend !!!!! 
RIPPED MY JEANS CUZ THEY RIPPED NEWAY . MY FAV . JEANS TOO fuck it though !!! ok kt you can reply now !!! 
Wishing yesterday never happened .. wishing it could be erased from my memory .. RIP < PROPFIRST > .. We Will Miss You Dearly 
wishing yesterday never happened .. too scared to fall asleep .. We will miss you < PROPFIRST > and we love you .. RIP < PROPFIRST > .. 15 years old 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Bangable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Freak . 22 : Quiet . 23 : Sexy . 24 : Adorable . 25 : Annoying . 26 : Rude . 27 : Boring . 28 :D own to earth . 29 : Cool . 30 : A Friend 
bored .. pissed . hurt .. anyother bad feeling you can think about .. i am feeling .. 
happier then ever .. thanks to one certain person .. well actually a certain group of people .. off to < PROPFEMALE > for a week !!! 
sitting at the house being bored .. cell is good .. 9106897901 
being bored at the house wishing for something to do 
love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mcilmurray !! Being bored at the house !!! txt me 9106897901 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Homebody . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Dependable . 19 : Faithful . 20 : The Best 
pink with green and pink hearts 
ON TOP 
She had been shuttled from house to house until she was a teenager , and she had no idea who her father was- there were her demons , and she was unable to drink them away . 
Sometimes .. like now for instance .. I really hate my life .. trying to get over it .. not successful at all .. but hopefully things will start getting better .. and not worse like they have beenl .. but then again .. i dont think it could get much worse 
STOP SENDING ME STUPID ASS FARMVILLE SHIT .. I DONT PLAY THAT STUPID ASS FUCKING GAME 
FUCK EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE .. IM FUCKING DONE .. I CANT DO THIS STUPID SHIT ANYMORE .. NO WONDER PEOPLE KILL THEMESELVES .. FML 
I NEED THINGS TO KEEP ME BUSY SO I DONT HAVE TO SIT HERE AND THINK ABOUT ALL THE THINGS THAT ARE GOING WORNG .. i dont need to be thinking about my life as of now .. i need to worry about other things .. any suggestions ???? 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST , and the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLDIER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree , copy and paste in ... your status .... THANK YOU TO ALL OUR < PROPFEMALE > N SOLDIERS SO SO SO SO TRUE .. THEY SHOULD TOTALLY DO THIS 
just waiting on news .. trying to cheer people up and talking to my sister .. text me !! 
haha .. hacked .. i love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > .... colors and skittles forever !! :P 
AAGGGGHHHH I FUCKING HATE THIS SHIT .. HE NEEDS TO ROT IN HELL FOR THE REST OF HIS MISERABLE AND LONLEY LIFE .. ALONG WITH HIS WHOLE FUCKING FAMILY 
bored out of my mind .. babysitting today .. and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > o tired .. wish this nightmare would be over already :( 
why ???.. FUCK THIS 
If your DAD is your Hero , whether you are blessed to have him with you , or if he has passed on , copy & paste this in your status & write his name . I love you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > .. and i am so proud of everything you have done in your life and for the way you have raised me !!! 
GGAAAAHHHH i cant fucking stand my life right now .. im so sick of some shit .. wish other people would grow up .. idk what im doing anymore .. breaking down .. night 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your mark ... get set ... GO 
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH ... fuck life 
AAAHHHH im going insane .. idk what to do anymore .. dont text .. phone is broken 
Wow having a great talk with a few people . Love my friends and glad for the new ones i have met !!!! Man i miss my friends like crazy 
Ill watch the night turn light blue but its not the same without you . 
Eres mas hermosa que la lumbre que estas sentido delante de 
wow ...... Never again ..... Was i stupid ? Thats ok im glad i did it . I love the people i have met !!!!! I WILL NEVER REGRET IT !!!! 
love me some ihop !!!!! 
buenas noches mi juju mal magnifico !!!! 
Fuck this shit . Cant wait to go home !!!!! Babe im coming home to you !!!!!! 
so much on my mind . The only way i can put it into words .... WOW 
ah fun days fun days . I am actually going to miss them . On the other hand i am oh so excited !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
amazing days and even better nights . How do you put these kinds of things into words . Lemme know if you figure things out :) 
spooning leads to forking , forking leads to knifing , IF YOU KNIFE ME I AM GOING TO KILL YOU !!!!!! 
Give me my phone . I NEED TO CALL < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!! 
wow .. hating my life so fucking much right now .. wishing i didnt read what i just did .. please dont let that happen to me .. thats one of the only things i want out of life .. please please please dont take that away from me :( 
I WILL BE HOME TOMORROW !!!!!!! I AM SO EXCITED BABE !!! 
i guess saying goodbye is hard no matter how long you have known someone as long as they are true friends . I will never forget the people i have met while i was in texas and thank them for everything they have done for me and given me !!! But still so damn excited to be coming home . I will miss you though baby .. We will see each other soon enough though :) 
super excited for my birthday tomorrow !!!!! can't wait !!!! sitting at cuppies right now .. youth was cancelled .. bored looking for something to do 
I poked it .. I poked it away 
so far this is the best birthday ever !!! Thank you baby for my absolutely fucking amazing gift !!!!!!! 
wow so my aunt cousin and his gf took me out tonight for my birthday and i got the tradition . I got my ass whooped !! The tradition there is getting a paddle to your ass 
work today then hopefully hanging out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > 
about to head into work off at five and then nothing for the rest of the day . Text meh !!!! 
so i love my best friend lol we are at waffle house and < PROPFEMALE > doesnt know what the WH on the hats stood for .. Then randomnly she yells WAFFLE HOUSE !!! Shes such a bonde !! 
work until 5 today . After that nothing really . Just gonna be bored . Text me if ya want 
ugh i was sleeping sooo good ... i hate when i wake up in the middle of the night 
so nadja just discovered a bug bit her in her belly button ... her response .... WHO DOES THAT , THAT WAS RUDE !!!!! 
i'm so fucking confused right now . I'm not ready for all this and i cant deal with the other things that are going on ... im about ready to just say fuck it all and give up ... I cant do this much longer 
EVERYTHING IS JUST SO FUCKED UP EVEN CLOSER TO GIVING UP !!!! FUCK IT NOTHING MATTERS ANYMORE 
fuck it ... wow ... thats all i can say right now .. wow 
How\ 
many of us really know everybody on our friend lists ? Here's a task for\ 
you ... I want everyone to post how you met me ( even if you're the one \ 
who never responds to anything ! ) . After you comment , copy this to your \ 
status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ... Feel free to do it , \ 
... ... even if we don't talk much ! :)) . 
Off to work !!!! have my first appointment on the 6th .. have to give the nurse my medical history , get my sonogram then see the doctor !! cant wait to see how the baby is doing and how far along i am !!!!! 
wow looking through some OLLLLLD posts ... like from january ... so much has changed from now to then .. its hard to believe .. lol 
watching eclipse !!!!! Sitting here with nadja goofing off until the movie starts . And you know what ! WE DONT BRING MOVIES TO THE BABY THEATER !!!!! 
Copy this into your status , and see what people rate you ; 1 . Crazy - 2 . Wish we went out - 3 . Talkative - 4 . Sarcastic - 5 . Loveable- 6 . Clumsy - 7 . Strong - 8 . Dumb - 9 . Spoiled - 10 . Mouthy - 11 . Wild- 12 . Goofy - 13 . Funny - 14 . Awesome - 15 . Amazing - 16 . Beautiful - 17 . Cute - 18 . I love you - 19 . Best friend -20 . Sexy - 21 . Nice 
confused about alot of things ... hear one thing from him .. hear something completely opposite from her ... believe him though .. love him .. want to be with him and only him .... help me out here 
talking to my two favorite mexicans ... soooo tired ... gotta love them though !!!! 
on our way to ft < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Gotta take kimmie to her dad ... Gonna eat lunch then head home again ... Then idk whats going on 
god ... only first time getting things from wic at the store and i already hate the program lol 
hate life .. fucking hate it 
working until close tonight . Then wake up early and go to my first appointment !!!!!!!!! Im so excited !!!!!!! 
i saw my baby !!!!!! Im excited !!!!! I just wanna cry and smile idk overwhelming feelings right now !!!!! Great feelings !!!!! 
wow .. i keep looking at the ultrasounds and i still cant believe it .. and when i heard the heartbeat .. it was heatmelting ... nadja was all smiles too .. im so glad i had someone there with me to experience that with me ... thank you sooooo much nadja 
whats on my mind ??? That i HATE waking up all hours of the nigh to pee and have the hardest time getting back to bed .. Thats whats on my mind :( 
\Our lives are before us . \ 
IM GOING TO MAKE SATAN DUCK YOU IN THE BUTT !!!!!!! god ... This is what happens when you put me and me and breeazy in a room together 
about to head to bed had a great night with breezy .. glad i forced myself out of the house lol but i need sleep i have to work open to close tomorrow :( see ya guys later ! 
just worked my first open to close .. i couldnt of asked for it to go better !!!! it was great !!! nothing really went wrong so it was amazing !!!!! 
ok .. so i have had two dreams about the sex of my child .. in my first dream my child was a girl .. but the whole dream revolved around sadness .. during that whole dream i dont once remeber smiling .. last night i had another dream about the sex of my child ... and it was a boy .. that dream was revolved around happiness and i dont once remember being sad ... 
well there goes the dedication ... i was going to go before my dad decided to be a < PROPMALE > and call me 10 minutes before it starts ... Oh well happy birgthday jd ... We love and miss you ... R.I.P 
ah .. not enough sleep last night at all .. work form 930 to 530 .. gonna hopefully talk to my friend < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for a bit and most likely going to fuck up my sleep schedule some more and take a nap .. fun fun stuff .. to all the soldiers out there ... whether your in afghanistan iraq or kuwait .. stay safe .. we love and miss you and come home to us !!! 
well my day has officially started .. I wonder when it will come to an end ?? Hopefully not too late i hate staying up late when im forced :) 
< PROPFEMALE > many things running through my head ... i hope that on the 22cd everything will be clarified .. idk ... this is just killing me .. i hate when ppl cant tell me more 
wow ... what a big load of my chest .. im 3 months today !!! made it the safe zone as nadja likes to say .. now my chances of carrying full term are 90% !!!!!!!!!! 
just entered the I Heart My Sibling Sweepstakes . Enter for a < PROPMALE > to win a trip to the Wizarding World of < PROPMALE > Potter in < PROPMALE > by telling us why you love your brother or sister . 
so my aunt when to go touch my arm ... and my dog jumped up on my lap and tried to bite her EVERYTIME she even ATTEMPTED to touch me ! I love my dog !!!!!!!! 
loving my life right where it is right now ! Drama free ! And the baby is doing great ! Work is going great ! One more thing and my life , in my eyes , would be perfect . Cant really ask for anything else ! 
hhhhmmmmm panda express !!!!!! 
but i never told you what i should have said , no i never told you , i just help it in . i miss everything about you .. without you .. colbie caillat ... I Never Told You 
sitting at the house being bored .. Feeling a little better ... Finally its been a few days lol 
fucking pissed beyond belief .... These ppl will be fucking hearing from me tomorrow .... God thats fucking retarded ... Now i have to face the task of trying to fucking sleep haha wishes wishes 
pissed beyond belief .... These ppl will be hearing from me tomorrow .... God thats retarded ... Now i have to face the task of trying to sleep haha wishes wishes 
I might not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyones first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not because I'm way too good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today !! Post this as your status if your proud of who you are . 
talking to my brother right now .. and it really has me wondering what life would i have and where i would be if we actually grew up together .. i have a lot of regrets about that and wished we could of kept in contact all these years .. but i guess all i can do is be thankful that we are talking .. and that he actually is willing to have me in his life in anyway 
I have a Mom who has made me laugh- Wiped my tears- Hugged me tight- Watched me succeed-Saw me fail- Cheered me on & kept me strong ! Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your Mom ! :) I love you Momma ? 
sitting here being bored .. watching men of honor and looking at my fb to see if anyone i want to talk to is online ... lol well .. back to the movie ! 
Lindsay\ 
Lohan , 24 , gets her name and face all over the news because she went to\ 
jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus \ 
Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > \ 
< PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , \ 
... 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 ......, are all Marines that gave their lives \ 
for you this week . Honor THEM by reposting this . 
man this baby is kicking my ass tonight ... im in so much pain right now ... eh i guess all i can do is try and sleep through it .. guess we shall see 
well there is an amazing storm outside !!!!! so imma go and turn my comp off so it doesnt get fried in case anything happens lol .. talk to you later ! 
ill watch the night turn light blue .. But its not the same without you .. Because it takes two to whisper quitely ... The silence isnt so bad .. Till i look at my hands and feel sad .. Because the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly !!! 
haha fucking great ... Even though they are supposedly here for me its still all about them or him ... Wow FML 
hhhhmmm ... Should i go with my mom tonight or go to youth .... Decisions decisions decisions ... 
really really wants to see nanny mcphee returns !!!!! 
i swear .. It must be the hardest thing in the world for these two to be quite when its 10 at night ... Ill be sooooo glad when she finally leaves tomorrow !!! And she really needs to learn how to chew with her mouth closed ... 1 its disgusting , ur not a pig . And 2 no one wants to fucking hear any extra noise out of your mouth .... GGGAAAHHH 
that dumb lil immature whore and that child molester really think i care what they think .. Haha thats hilarious !!!! She can get over the fact that she isnt getting her fucking way with me and learn that i dont feel sorry for 
Break away from everybody . Break away from everything . If you can't stand the way this place is . Take yourself to higher places !!!!!!! 
Can't sleep .... Hips hurt too bad . I hate anything having to do with growing . Growing hurts lol . Oh well I guess all I can do is take some asprin and try to go to sleep 
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light , not our darkness that most frightens us . We ask ourselves , who am I to be brilliant , gorgeous , talented and fabulous ? Actually who are you not to be ? You are a child of God . 
so im at work ... And i need to open a new can of whip cream for the shakes .. AND I cANT OPEN IT !!!! So i struggle for 2 minutes and am 2 seconds away from crying when my other waitress comes to the rescue ! I hate where i work sometimes ! Gotta love it though .. There like a second family ! 
Got my ultrasound today !!!! Found out the sex !!!! If you want to know message me . I can't post it up on fb until Saturday . Lol 
IT'S A BOY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love where I am at in my life and who is in it !!! I couldn't be happier !!!! 
sitting here looking at these flowers and thinking how lucky i am i got a second < PROPMALE > !!!! i love you !!! 
Between the flowers and seeing the baby moving for the first time and the amazing phone conversation i just had ... My life couldnt be any better !!! Well except for the fact it would be ten million times better if he were here !!! 
How should I feel lol my mom is very racist . She has lighting bolts tatooed on the back of her neck . Stupid bitch lol 
Cause when I’m kissing you my senses come alive\ 
Almost like the puzzle piece I’ve been trying to find\ 
Falls right into place you’re all that it takes\ 
My doubts fade away when I’m kissing you\ 
When I’m kissing you it all starts making sense\ 
And all the questions I’ve been asking in my head\ 
Like are you the one ? Should I really trust ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > clear it becomes when I’m kissing you 
Had an amazing wake up call :) 
wwwwwwhhhhhhhaaaaaaaa ..... PLUP !!!!!! Haha good times ! 
Come on bears ... Whoop the giants ass tonight !!!!!! Dads tem is going down !!!!! 
Mmmmhhhhmmmmm < PROPMALE > and cheese for lunch !!!!! Then who knows !!!! 
Hold your own . Know your name . And go your own way 
i didnt know it was going to be this hard to go through this pregnancy alone ..... Is there any relief in sight ?????? 
worst fucking day ever .... And its probably only going to get worse .... Fml 
Wishing he would call ....... 
on the way to VA havent seen the family there in a while .. Should be a good weekend !!!! Psyched !!!!!!!! 
yay !!!! Ihop is AMAZING !!!!!!!! 
was having a pretty good day .. Until some ppl got on my ass about something they know nothing about .. Is it not enough that i understand ? Why cant that ever be good enough ? 
Bored out of my mind and just now realized how hot it is at my moms house . Only one fan and that's in the parents bedroom 
Woke up a lil while ago . Now having sone french toast !!!!!! Hhhmmmmm 
Sitting here bored . Wishing I was somewhere else . Need to actually download music to my iPod so I'm not so bored all the time . :( 
Last night I had a great dream . I dreamt that JD was living his life to the fullest in heaven . Today is going to be a good day . I can't believe it has already been a year . R.I.P JD we miss and love you !!!! 
kind of irritated ... Especially when people say one thing but then act and do something completely oppisite 
i am officially 7 months today !!!! on the last leg of the journey !!!! Finally in the third trimester !!!! 
29 weeks !!!! Bored .. Just woke up .. Crazy day yesterday .. Lets see whats in store today 
sitting here thinking about alot of things .. and one thing i have realized is that i am perfectly content with where my life is right now ... and that i love love love who is in it and how lucky i am for it .. i also wouldnt want to change a thing about it !!!!!! 
missing my baby :( gone for 2 weeks :( :( :( sitting over at nadjas havin a blast !!!!!!!! 
hates not being able to get back to sleep for like 2 hours when i wake up in the middle of the night :( 
bored .. tried to take a nap .. very unsuccessful .. finally fell asleep after an hour .. and then got woke up 10 minutes later by the phone ringing :( 
gonna try and go to bed ... hopefully i will fall sleep soon .. miss you baby .. hope your having fun ... goodnight all !!! 
SSSSSSSNNNNNNOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!! its snowing its snowing its snowing its snowing its snowing !!!!!!! YYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!! 
hahaha i miss you spoon much ! haha gotta love people who misspell things !!!! Missing the baby !!! he comes home in 2 days though so i cant wait !!!!! it seems like so far away though !!! 
bored as always ... being blames for shit ... as always .. man i cant wait to get out of this damn house of double standards ! 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it 
So ... Dam ... TIRED ............ wishing i could sleep !!!! only had 2 hours so far ... I tihnk imma try and go back to bed .. text if ya want 
been up since 4 . Before that , woke up every 3 hours .... Sucks not being able to sleep ... Any relief in sight ?? I think not 
one and a half centimeters dilated and contractions are 3 to 5 minutes apart and very strong ... Very very soon i shall have a new life to look after .. Kind of very scary thought . I hope to god i will be a good enough mother for this child ! 
i think my water just broke . Not ruptured but broke . On the way to the hospital .. Again haha hopefully its the real deal 
My beautiful son < PROPFIRST > liam entered this earth on january 26th at 906am . He is 7lbs 12 oz and 20 in long !!!! Camera dead .. Pics up soon 
wants one certain thing to eat .... But like always it doesnt matter and its not happening ... Kinda pissed 
grape 
GRAPE !!!!!!!!!! 
I've made mistakes being a mom , sometimes more than I'd like to admit . But I will always be there for you , to hear you , to cheer you , to laugh or cry with you , to protect you with my life , & sometimes tell you things you don't want to hear . I will love you for eternity with all my heart . No one will ever love you more than I do , I'm your Mom ! Repost if you have children of any age who will always be in your heart . ?? 
I can't believe it has already been 6 months since I have found the best thing that has ever happened to me , besides my son that is . The time has flown by way to fast , but I am looking foward to spending many many many more months and years with the love of my life ! I love you Graeme < PROPMALE > Axcell !!!!! 
