DSD ? Yupp thought so ! 

Winter break , where did you go ? :( 
I NEED SLEEP ! 
thought the dance vision recital was awesome good job everyone !! =] 
My body hurts from flowin .. ha uhhh whut ? 
Is in shock about Mr. < PROPMALE > . 
What's going on ? 
HATES doctor appointments =/ , going to the pool with < PROPFEMALE > now , suckaaaas 
You don't want to be gathered do you , you want to be eaten . Bahahaha 
iz flyy like a samuri :) 
Packing for NEW YORK CITY BABY ( my life weighs a lot more than 50 pounds ... ) 
NYC @ 4:00 am , keep it fresh Iowa . 
Joffrey Ballet <3 
< PROPFEMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > . shes such a hotttttiiieeee !!! ( with a naughty body ) <3 
SCHD : Algebra II , Gen Chem , College Comp , Intro to Phyc , Survey , Spanish III , Adv Comp , Am History . NOOOOO ! 
Packing , performance , saying goodbye to the city . See you soon Urby ... 
Freedom 
peanut butter and jelly with a wee dash of vinegar 
\Water tastes so artificial\ " hahaha idiots .... " 
Should I go stand in your bathtub just incase it soaks through the depends ? 
conquering my hunger like a true mongolian ... HUHOT <3 
< PROPFEMALE > <3 
Three days of freedom 
Doesn't know how to get there .... hahahha 
A bird just flew full speed into my closed window , dropped to the ground , and didn't get up ... I call it a tragedy my brother calls in natural selection . =[[ RIP dumbass 
BLACKOUT 
Phone decided to never work again ... fml 
hates being cold , hates winter , hates Iowa . 
is syncing her iPhone :] 
is excited to spend the evening with a very special elf . =] 
48 to 0 bahahaha I feel secondhand embarrassment for dem tigers .. [ but not really ] 
Let's Go J-Hawks !! 
These streets will make you feel brand new . 
Laser tagging with < PROPFEMALE > ? I think so . 
My mom just called me a heathen , hahaha YES ! 
Most random thing of my life , no it's not true . 
Facebook is so boring , why am I always on it ? 
... I know you like electro 
I guess if it HAS to be a snow storm ... during spanish , advanced comp , and american history is cool with me . 
Call of duty with Mikey , love it . 
This girl accidently pushed her panic button and then biffed it on the ice hahaha . Epicccc . 
\How did this end up in my pants ..? \ " - Mikey ... hahaa love christmas at the Eppink's =] " 
Houstonatlantavegas 
kidz bop 17 .. really ? Just stop already . 
Just destroyed her survey final , two mo to go ... 
Sooo if I eat eight 20 calorie no sugar added popsicles .. does that kind of defeat the purpose ? hahaha uhh oops . 
Should not be awake right now . <3 < PROPFEMALE > , <3 Alivia :) 
No one likes a liar .. 
Hi haters 
women lie men lie 
I have a feeling that if this little < PROPFEMALE > chick was real , she wouldn't be very little .. 
Why didn't anyone tell me it was fat Tuesday .. I would have celebrated . HAha 
If I said Ima do it , you can consider it done . 
If your not here , your not spring breakin . 
Roastin ' 
Helloooo Panama City :] 
\Let me talk to < PROPMALE > and I'll call you right back\ " ... that's when you know it's over . " 
Yes it's nice out . No I didn't ask to see your cellulite . 
Your shit is laughable . 
4/10/10-Walked to Panera , fed birds with a bread bowl , fished with catfood and a rope , attacked a family , visited Miss < PROPFEMALE > , drove by Indian Hills and saw lots of cars decided to check it out and ended up watching a male belly dance performance . It's only 10:00 . Yesss 
Just about ran over Mr. < PROPFIRST > on his walk this morning .. good thing his purple suit caught my attention .. 
You ? I think you're supa so much I had to persue ya . 
Fever of 101.19 ... no good , this came out of no where . 
School , you can go ahead and end whenever . 
I'm hopin ' we can make some wishes outta airplanes 
Let me tell you bout a girl I know , she like hip hop and rock an roll . 
Good weekends always lead to horrible Mondays .. 
I think in hell they graph conics . 
Forever young , I wanna be .. 
Ouch 
Everybody wants to be a Kat . 
We live on front porches and swing life away . 
All I want is what you got . 
Had a great weekend , is burnt to a crisp , and got the best puppy in the world . 
IBA ! 
Hah what time is noodle time ladies ? 
Had to much faith in the goodness of mankind last night .. brand new iPhone = gone :( 
Who knows what this moment will bring , but bring on this moment . 
Final three days in Iowa . 
Dance Recital tonight in Ames @6 . Last night in Iowa ... 
ABT in NYC 
Wants to raise a cat in her dorm room to capture all these damn mice :/ !! 
Didn't know I went to robo camp ... 
Brooklyn we go hard . 
August 1st 
Central Park for fireworks and what not , poker tourny tonight . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
5 1/2 hours of pointe say what ? 
All year long we wait for Sun . 
Mmm Looking forward to the shit show tonight . Going to jersey shore . 
Smells like a beach and wants to kill that dirty man . 
10 days of dance , and one last weekend . I think I'll survive this afterall . 
Sunday come faster , seriously . 
So many goodbyes in one day . ABT 2010 you were a good one , miss you all . 
It's a beautiful day to be an Iowan ;) 
CF with Peyton Bazzocco ! Love . 
I use to be a sweetheart , I use to be alright . 
We the kings .. I love < PROPFIRST > , boys like girls next . Ragin with nay . 
No sleep , no worries . 
Don't worry , I like boys 
Restless .. 
Lay your body down . 
Wait , labor day is not about celebrating our mother's and all they went through to give us life ?! 
Sleep is yummy :] 
Day in , day out . 
We are young , we run free . Stay up late , we don't sleep . 
Wishes Urbandale was awake as late as Kat . 
Is about to say forget it and work at El Rodeo or some shit for the rest of my life .. applying for schools and dance programs is way too frustrating . 
I can get your heart racing , in my skin tight jeans . 
Yuck Fou 
Could sleep for 50 years and still be tired . 
I plan on living off of 5 hour energy for the rest of the week . Wish me luck . 
Kat women for Halloween , Ye dig ? 
Heartsprings 
Oops , forgot to sleep . 
Saturday , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and I will be offical astronauts .. 
Livin ' off dat sunshine ! No sleep tonight . 
If you're bored , then you're boring . 
In need of a Double Rainbow 
Put your game face on 
Just found out < PROPFEMALE > Cosgrove makes $ 180,000 an episode ... I'll run around like a spastic Wilda-beast for $ 150,000 if your looking for budget cuts < PROPMALE > . 
Hopefully I don't have any homework .. Too lazy to check , which means I'd be too lazy to get er done anyway . 
Gyrotonics 
Oaks , then Peyton Bazzocco .. what more could you want ? 
So much to get done , and so little that I want to do . 
Casa encantada con mis amigas 
Can't shake this feeling . Somebody save me . 
On my life scale of importance , this is below dirt . 
So I just jet-glued a portion of my hand to a pointe show ribbon .. What does one do in this situation . 
Woke up to find my dog eating his doggie obidience book . Bad Baxter ! 
We live in a beautiful world 
Calling all men with musical talents :: < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and myself will be holding auditions for the position of our boyfriends . Still needing a kickass drummer and talented lead singer . See you there , and good luck to you all . 
TGFI ... Thank god for iteds ;) 
Is wrong in all the right ways 
HP is da man 
Was unaware until this morning that normal people don't listen to Christmas Music all year round . 
Just got carded for a five hour energy .. Anyone else think this absurd ? 
Tearing up over a Hallmark movie .. I should just go to bed before I loose all dignity . 
If it's a fashion show , where are the clothes ? \ 
\ 
Hah <3 the VS Angels . 
Sicknasty 
They say what goes up must come down but don't let me fall . 
Just saw an infomercial for a ' magic magnet ' called Sticky Balls . I would like to know who the hell is responsible for this products name , and possibly punch them in the face . 
Everyone should come see The Nutcracker at the Civic Center this weekend . Shows are at 2pm and 7pm on Saturday and 2pm Sunday . I'll see you there and happy holidayzzz :) 
The end of the beggining .. IDT you've been good to me . 
I don't wanna grow up , I wanna be a toy r us KID . 
You gotta stand for something or you fall for anything . 
Great Christmas , I never need to eat again . 
A good plan for today is better than a perfect plan for tomorrow . 
Pretty as a picture , sweeter than a swisha :) 
IS LEGAL !!!! Z 
Facebook on the birthday always reminds me what awesome friends I have . Thank you all for the bday wishes , now everyone go celebrate ;) 
My twelve year old sister just told me that our dog was running amuck ... My family is so strange . 
Likearunnaway 
My two best friends are in Chicago and New York City .. And I'm in Des Moines IA . What the hell someone rescue me ! 
I like my beat fast and my base down low . 
It's about that time , chuttle time . KM that means you ! 
Writing scholarship essays is worse than pulling teeth :( . Anybody want to make $20 ? 
Weehhh :( 
7am : You're such a bitch . 
Decided regaurdless of what the weatherman tells me , today is infact a snowday . Have fun at school suckas :p 
Ain't enough adjectives to do my disposition justice . 
Currently watching a show called \Who's the father of my child ? -my husband or his son edition\ " \ 
I love the life I live , I don't know where it's going but I like it like it is . 
There's no possible way to keep everyone in your life happy . Someone always gets screwed over . 
Nostalgia Erryday 
Wonderland was a huge success ! Love to everyone who was a part of it . 
Do it like a brotha\ 
Do it like a doood . 
The show toddlers and tiarras scares me . As well as slightly reminds me of my childhood . 
An Urbandale Sherrif car just blew past me . Driver was wearing a camo jumpsuit , passenger was a hot 24-ish women ... Stolen vehicle ?? 
I really want to like the Born This Way song and video .. but I really don't . 
Next top model marathon .. Good bye Friday afternoon . 
Total sleep for the weekend = 6 hours . 
AT&T -more bars in more places .. Compared to what , no bars in no places ? 
Is finding the creatures that decided to attend the Omaha zoo today more interesting than the animals in the actual exhibits . 
Whatever you do in your life will be insignificant . But you must do it , because no one else will . 
I'm scared that the giant laundry pile living on my floor is going to come to life and eat me in my sleep . \ 
Help . 
Quiznos with Shanaynay mmm ... 
Just saw a make-up comercial claiming to make me look \Ten years younger guaranteed ! \ " I don't typically strive to look eight .. " 
First Bug Bite of the season . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > vs . Insects ... \ 
Bring it on ya nasties ! 
Took a G outta your waffle now all that's left's your Ego . Hahah 
I'm really bad at sleeping :/ 
Grab somebody sexy , tell em hey . 
Hey , Urbandale High School ... When the hell is senior skip day ?? 
Even the strongest people live a fragile life . 
On my < PROPFIRST > Trump shit 
STOP RAINING ! 
Seeing is deceiving dreaming is believing , it's okay not to be okay . 
Offically certified ;) CNA state testing ya < PROPMALE > . 
Has always questioned why paper beats rock .. How bout I throw a rock at your face and we'll see where your paper gets you . 
:[ this day tricked me by starting out beautiful 
Super Target's power is out . Hm , that's not very super of them . 
Cool prom Valley ... 
Is tonight really my last \school night\ " ? I swear I was 5 yesterday . " 
They are making a damn mess of 86th street 
The stress of graduation week is more than that of all my high school efforts . Make it stop ! 
Roasted at Adventureland .. 
Once , Twice , Thrice . 
Mm hot yoga <3 
Is facebook creeping on her new MacBook Pro : 0 wo . 
Salt Lake City <3 
ATTENTION : Everyone should go download skype , sign in , and add Katherine_Eppink because I miss the 515 and want to see your beautiful faces all summer !! 
Misses her morning coffee .. 
Yer'all 
Bread is the paper of the food industry . You write your sandwich on it . 
Bout to get my Brazilian bronze on . < PROPFEMALE > Hustel , let's go burn :) 
fArts Festival ;] 
Is Mint 
Truth is , I hate when people post these statuses and my newsfeed in congested with half ass compliments for insecure individuals ... 
About to go buy a bunch of shit I don't need ! Weee ... 
If I were a lion and you were a tuna I'd swim out into the middle of the ocean and EAT YOU ! 
I don't like this new chat thing .. don't tell me who my friends are fb ! 
Freitag <3 
Monday Funday ..? Proobably not . 
Either I'm crazy or someone from EFY is yodeling outside my window .. 
Kid Cudi sounds so sad when he's all aloooooone . 
Thank you coffee , I don't think I could do Monday mornings without you . 
Burning my tongue on BigRed .. it hurts < PROPFEMALE > goood . 
Happy Pioneer Day ! ( whatever that entails .. ) 
12 more days , let the countdown begin ! 
Literally chugging coffee for life . 
Adventures with < PROPFEMALE > Hustel , I hope we get lost :] 
Last day in Salt Lake for a while , nothing but love for Ballet West ! 
Sleep walking through airports .. I better not have any feisty babies on my flight . 
HOME ! Let's party :) 
Bored , googled myself ... creepy . 
She's got nothin on but the raadiooo . 
Phone , dead . \ 
Charger , also dead .. probs on the side of the road . 
Typed : ' What is it called .. ' google finished my sentence with ' when you eat yourself . ' 
Weekend Wars <3 
Don't you hate when you drive all the way to the bank and realize you forgot your debit card .. Oh , and shoes . 
Back to Utah . I seriously have the best friends in the world , thanks for reminding me why I love home so much . Good luck to everyone this fall & lots of love ! 
First day of classes calls for 3:00 nap time . 
< PROPMALE > Sax <3 
I determine when to do laundry by when I run out of socks ... normal ? 
Swimming in baby pee with < PROPFEMALE > Hustel . The good life . 
Literally melting in a sauna with < PROPFEMALE > and some topless girl .. 
Happy Labor Day Mom ! Thanks so much for all the hard work you did to bring me into this world :) hah 
Ballet is a fine < PROPMALE > , you have to be fine to do it . - < PROPFEMALE > Graue . Roommate Laaaave <3 
Something about humming Nutcracker music in eighty degree weather seems wrong .. =>>>* 
Is it the weekend yet ? 
i love < PROPFEMALE > Collins 
Go follow me on twitter @Eppkink best decision you'll make all day ! :) 
Massive headache just hit me like an angry rhino . 
Mmm cinnamon iced coffee with soy milk and splenda from the Union . Not that I'm specific about my beverage order . 
Does anyone else think it's rude to blast music in a lounge meant for studying ?? I would consider forgiving this idiot if her musical taste wasn't so disgustingly awful ... 
