is ready to get down to business :) 

USA 2-0 over the pussy ass spain-tards lol 
Im trying to party once again let me kno lol 
let me kno of some partys lol 
get it popping 
jager bombsssssssss are delish , im getting it poppin tonight 
im BOSSS fuck what u heard 
< PROPFEMALE > knox is the biggest whore i kno !!!!!!!!!!! fuck what u heard 
is drunk lol 
damn son i got the tc up and runnin again holla at ya boy 
Fuck what u heard lets get it poppin lol 
is thinkin bout you 
is hurting :( fml 
is thinking about that certain person :) 
boredddd , had a blast the other night tho 
will be moving into ud saturday , it will be nice 
has two herniated discs .... salty mcmalty 
im sooooo ready to be at UD , holllaaaaaa 
just got back from being out lol bossssss 
sleepppppppp got class in the am 
bored lol 
tired from classs 
class class break then workshop lol get serious 
fuck hw 
< PROPFEMALE > boreddddd 
Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . 
is rushin tomorrow baby 
always gotta be real , always gotta be me 
i hate chem , i hate chem , i hate chem o and btw i hate chem lol 
i dont think they ready 
is a closet gay 
calc at 1010 beat 
??? and ??? Greek Week 2010 ! 
< PROPFIRST > lopez-\it feels good to b a super sayan\ " hahaha " 
yo its time to get it poppin , so fill up ur cup and lets get fucked up , this 1 is is for all my dead homies lol 
i gets it poppin lol haha 
im as cool as the other side of the pillow 
my fuckin fridge is grosssssss 
Research papers r easier girls with low self esteems .. I can finish in 3 hours :P 
lets see ..... formal is may 1st and 2nd sooo im guess i need a date .... hmmm who to choose ? 
bday on thursday !!!! i hurd dat lol 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone 
Greek Week 2010 lets get it poppin wit Gamma Phi Beta baby 
Omg another day of greek week ? The gods have blessed me lol 
airband is tomorrow lets bring down the house wit this one 
ohhh yeaaaaa 
formal is here and im excited , so lets get drunk cause the sparks ignited 
1 word to discribe this weekend .... epic .... OK !!! OK !!!! OK !!!! 
Got two classes scheduled for next year and they are both 300 level fml 
OK OK 
This weekend is going to b a shit show Nuff said 
OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 
the time to get my swell on is near 
Let's get fucked up 
dover weekends dont even compare to newark weekends 
Needs a job .... Any ideas ? 
Haha flyers fans make me laugh lol 
I like to party 
Deutschland bitches 
Fisrt day of my new job starts today ... sickk lol 
Yo the ref robbed USA of a win ,... I remember my first call 
I need to drink tonight ... Whose tryin to join 
for all of you who dont know the fucking truth GUESS WHAT ?.... i like to party lol bitches 
Shit my life is just so ridiculous I don't even believe it myself lol 
And it begins now .... I like to party 
can life get any more ridiculous ? 
Can't hold anything back during the summer .... 
man summer is coming to a close .... o well 
Is fishing 
Is so bored someone help me :( 
school is almost here lol i cant wait 
KDR <3 ADPi 
legit ass weekend now back to reality 
Man can't wait for my house to do it big 
Yo < PROPFIRST > McCoves new single \take care\ " hits the scene tomorrow check it out ppl " 
Kevinmccove.com check out his new single \take care \"" 
organic chemistry blows a big one 
whats poppin tonight ? 
Yo my boy < PROPFIRST > mccoves song is playing on kiss 101.7 at like 3 help him out and request him again pls 
At a wedding and I'm having a great time 
wow the gaints rele suck 
BTW the ravens are < PROPFEMALE > good 
its wizzle man 
soooo excited for my fra t-t astic sperrys to get to my house this week lol 
Bag on , still counts . P.s. I'm looking for someone special 
Fratness complete 
playing for $700 this week in fantasy lets great real 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas and to all a good pint 
Let's get rowdy 
