Happy Nwew Year to everyone !! 

I just want my life back !!!!! 
It was bitter sweet day !!! 
Just got finish getting my nails done . Love the new color !!! 
I'm dog tired from the week !!! 
Today was truly a busy day at work . Drama , Drama !!!! Hope tomorrow will be alot calmer . 
All over the place . Have to get everything ready for child to start school tomorrow . 
Getting ready for church and than the French Quaters with friends later !!! 
Feeling Blessed for good news has come my way . 
Just relaxing today !!! 
Is trusting in God that everything will work out . 
Is babysitting her niece and child while everybody else is partying . I feel like < PROPFEMALE > 
is going shopping with my son . 
Living and loving life . Learnig that it's the little things about a person that are so special . 
Is tired of alot of bull that is going on these days . 
Enjoying < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \I Didin't Know My Own Strength\ " . That's about how I feel right about now . " 
Is taking care of a sick child . Those allergies are going strong these days . 
Is tired and really needs to take anap !!! 
Enjoying a drink and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s CD . 
Just came frome Walmart . Spent too much money !!! 
Searching for a Sait's Jersey !!!! 
Good Night FB . Have to go to work in the morning . Have a Blessed and Peaceful night . 
WHO DAT !!! READY FOR THE GAME TO START !!! 
GO SAINTS 9-0 !!! 
Did a little excerise today . Didn't realize how out of shape I was . Have to work off that Thanksgiving Dinner at work today . 
Enjoying the facts that the Saints are now 1 0-0 . GO SAINTS !!!! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL MY FB FAMILY !! 
Getting ready for Christmas . The whole family will be home this time . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my FB family and may everyone be blessed !!! 
It's the day after Christmas and life has calmed down . I enjoyed my day with my family . We have 2 more days than back to reality for some of us . 
The new year is approaching and I would like to wisheveryone a Safe Happy New Year . I hope to see everyone in the year 2011 . 
This is a New Year . Time for a new challenges , new attitude and a new outlook on life and i am ready for it all . 
People are quick to judge other people's lives when they really need to stop and take a look in the mirror at their lives . 
Good Night to my fb family . My son want s to play on the computer for a while . See everyone tomorrow . 
Go P . < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Getting prepared of carnvial ball tomorrow night . 
Good night fb . I've got an early day tomorrow and I'm not feeling to well . 
I am ready for some Saints !!! I'll be in front my tv with a daquari enjoying the game !!!! 
SUPER BOWL IN 5 HOURS . EVERYBODY GET READY . HERE COMES THE BLACK & GOLD !!! 
BLACK & GOLD WON THE SUPER BOWL !!!! 
Today I am celebrating my son's 9th birthday !!!!! 
I am celebrating my son's 9th birthday today !!! 
IT'S COLD THAT'S WHAT'S ON MY MIND !!! 
IT'S COLD !!!! 
Is glad LaPlace Parade is over . I am tired and getting ready for bed . !!! 
The language some ppl use on fb . Lord help them . 
I'm getting ready to go see < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tonight . It should be interesting since this is my first time seeing them in person . 
Today is a blessed and last night was just wonderful . < PROPMALE > Ailey was very refreshing to see . 
Today , God has blessed with another day of life , work , and my family . It was a good and and interesting day as always . 
Is just catching up with the time . I forgot to spring ahead . LOL !! Glad today wasn't Monday !!! 
Getting ready for homework with my son and than hit the treadmill for a little walking . 
Tomorrow is another work day and I have to get ready . So I say good night to my fb family and may the lord bless you thru your life's journey . 
I'm going take a nap before my son gets home . Today is Friday which means no homework for withe of us . Thank You Jesus !! 
My child got a \B\ " on his math test . Now we are getting ready for ILeap !!! " 
Good Night my fb family . I'm tired had a truly long day !!! 
HAPPY EASTER TO MY FB FAMILY !!!! 
is having her buitt worn out by her little niece . This is not easy at all !! 
is still runnig around . Still no rest for me even though my niece is gone . I had a daquari Tuesday though . YEAH !! 
Did over 30 minutes on the treadmill and feeling great !!! 
Just came from the movies with my son . We saw How to train a dragon . It was real good . He truly enjoyed hisself . 
glad school is almost at the end .!! No more homework to fight doing with my son . 
Wishing all the mother's a Happy Mother's Day . It's your day so make sure and enjoy your day . 
Just chilling tonight and ready for the weekend to come . 
Enjoying Friday Night at home with my son . 
Is tired had to go to work this morning . going lay down for a minute . Tlak later . 
Good Night everyone . Have to get ready for tomorrow . I pray everyone has a blessed night and day tomorrow . Remember God is always watching over you for he never sleeps . 
Good Night FB . Have to go to work again . Another day another pay check . God Bless and thank God for my J.O.B. !! 
It trips me out how some ppl have time to mind other ppl business when their own business is not straight . But when minding other ppl business they get it all wrong . Now what does that tell you about them ? 
Good Night everyone . work day tomorrow . 
I'm going get ready to watch my tuesday night shows . Good Night FB . 
My little man hsmade it to the 4th grade and tonight he is going to wrestling wiht his papa !!!! 
getting ready for work 
I'm trying to open my spice crate on cafe world can someone help me please ? 
About to go to bed after a long day of taking care of my sick baby . 
I would like to say happy Fathers Day today to all of you . enjoy your day . 
When God closes one door , he opens another one for you . What God opens no one can close and what God close no one can open . So , never look back only forward with your head up always . 
Thank You to Everyone for my birthday wishes and blessings !! I truly appreciate each and everyone !!! 
Today is Saturday and currently I have no plans for today except to chill !! 
Is enjoying the fact that my son is back home from his trip . He had a great time with his grandparents . Thanks mom and dad !!! 
How many of us really know our facebook friends ??? Here's a task 4 you ........ I want all of my fb friends 2 comment on this status and tell me how you met me !!!!!! After you comment , copy this 2 your status so I can do the same 4 you . You'll be amazed at the responses you will get . 
At 2nd day of conference . Here we go . 
i am sooooo tired !!!!! 
Is ready for bed but up packing clothes for my son to go to his counsin's birthday in Ark . Saturday . Cheer everyone she will be 2 years old and she loves < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Wishes the 10 misquito bites that I know of would just go away and stop intching !!! 
Iam ready for the SAINTS to Kick BUTT !!!! 
Good Night my FB Family . Tomorrow is another work day !!! Gotta Get A goods night Sleep . 
Going watch the game . I'm ready for the SAINTS to KICK SAN < PROPMALE > BUTT !!! 
EVERYONE WHO VISITS MY < PROPFEMALE > PLEASE LOOK AT THE VIDEO !!! IT SPEAKS VOLUMES !!! 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=fEtr4y577zkhGaDzk7eh\ 
\ 
_frsthgl 
Is ready for Labor Day Weekend !!! 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=6Ebr4Z5FhmUsg55zLhg0\ 
is at home doing homework with my son . Lord help him with subtraction and me with just doing it with him . 
Good Night FB friends . Work tomorrow . Another day andother dollar . 
Good night everyone it has been a long day !!! 
Just glad it's Friday !!!! \ 
To Blessed to Be Stressed < PROPFEMALE > 
Getting ready for a night with son . \ 
I'm having a great Sunday . Go Saints !!! 
I like it on the back of my room door . 
God has truly been good to me and I am so blessed that I am his child and he watches over me always . 
On to spend the day just me and my son . 
Saint's played like the true champions they are . Go Saint's!!!!! 
In Chicago and it is raining . 
On my way to the airport to come back home to Louisiana !!!!!! 
Good Night FB . It's raining and I am tired . Another work day tomorrow and election day . Don't forget to vote . 
Well , it's time for bed for tomorrow is another work day . I thank God for this day and that I have a job to go to . Good Night fb . 
Today I saw \ For the Colored Girls\ " and it was great . I would say for all the Colored Girls of the world it is a MUST SEE Movie !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > did that !!!! The stars in the movie rocked their roles !!! " 
Getting back on her game plan to tighten her stomach . 
I was once heard that people come in to your life for a reason , season or a lifetime and you have to tell the difference . thanks tosome things that have happened in my life I now know the difference . I'm not mad at anyone I just Thank You All for being a part of my life whether you were a reason , season or a lifetime . 
Work is over and I am home for 2 whole days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hppy Thanksgiving to Everyone !!! 
Enjoyed the game although I won no money . Go SAINTS !!!!!! 
I'm excited today because the Lors is great . I have been accepted into the Masters of Social Work Program at SUNO for the spring semester . Watch out here I come !!!! 
My mind is totally blown away b/c I just saw Raheem Devaughn's flick . Help me understand , PLEASE !!!!!!!! 
Good Night ffb family . Past my time to go to bed . 
Just wishing the pain in my shoulder would go away . 
Good Night Everyone 
I would like to wish everyone A Very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
Good Night To All and To All A Good Night !! Today was truly a blessed day and I am blessed to have been apart of it . 
Just heard < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is dead ? What is really going on ? 
As this night comes to a close so has the life of my lil cousin . He is gone and I pray for his enternal peace with God . RIP lil cousin . 
my heart is broken for i have lost someone close to me and I don't understand why ? This has totallyleft me baffled and I pray for contiuned strength for my family and friends who knew < PROPFIRST > . 
Good Night fb family . Just to hard tostay on right now without thinking of my lil cousin and crying . 
Good Morning fb . Another Blessed Day for I am happy to be here for another day . Thank You Lord . 
Good Night to all my fbfamily . have to work in the morning . 
The New Year is around the corner and it is time to clean house . So as the New Year comes some ppl will be deleted . 
Good Night FB Family . Tomorrow is a work day for me . 
As I went to the \Homecoming\ " of my lil cousin the rev . reminded me that the choices i make in life will detemine where my soul will spend enteral life . So the choices I will make will be the ones to get me into heaven not to please others because when judgement day comes for me I will be standing alone . So always remember pray before you make your decisions because the one you make may be your last . " 
Watching the game . LET'S GO SAINTS !!! 
SAINTS FAN TO THE END . ALEAYS WHO DAT !!!!! 
Happy Founder's Day to all my men in tha MIGHTY BLUE & WHITE !!!! 
