I just woke up to ..., still drunk btw ... anyway i just woke up to my cat with her head in a bag of uncooked ramen noodles eating them . lmao 

had fun last night , but i lost my fucking phone .... 
overall , bad day . 
Revelation : How come things that are delivered by boat are called \cargo\ " and things delivered by truck are called the \ " shipment \"?" 
so i totally thought today was sunday . i need my phone back ... 
New phone number . ( 740 ) 974-2068 add it :-) 
Clothing sucks , naked fucks . Beat the drum , watch them come , Jizz in pants , cream in dance . Haha 
Offically has stumble upon as of right now . Apparently im in trouble lol 
< PROPFIRST > New Three Days Grace cd is amazing 
Check that , new Three Days Grace AND new Breaking < PROPMALE > cds are amazig . 
All I can say is that my life is pretty plain . I like watchin ' the puddles gather rain . 
Cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance , well the'yre no friends of mine . :-) 
Loserville Population : You . :-) 
not sleeping :-) 
eating yogurt . i feel fruity 
bored blargh 
Cell phone doesnt work right now . :-( 
needs sleep . but decided against it . 
has < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
had a very fantastic night . 
I'm like an escalator , I can ever really break , I'll just become stairs . 
There will now be casinos in ohio . 
Love is blind and deaf . So essentially love is < PROPFEMALE > Keller invading your soul . 
Just tried to turn the door knob in the mirror . X-) 
Just discovered Pandora via Stumble . Where has this been my whole life ? 
The best things in life aren't things . :-) 
So cats can now get H1N1 . 
Parrots are the preferred pirate companion . Monkeys are an acceptable substitute , unless they fling their feces at people . Then they are an awesome substitute . 
How gay is he ? If your cock is a ladle , then his ass is the stew . :-D 
Eating yogurt , I feel fruity . :-) 
Now has Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . 3 and Final Fantasy on my Wii . :-)) 
Decent birthday . Not what I was expecting . :-) 
so i totally thought today was thursday . and i made my plans for the rest of the week thinking today was thursday . but since its not , all my plans are all out of wack . 
You're about as usefull as a poop flavored lollipop . 
Mother fucking Stumple Upon sent me to the site the teaches you about \The Game . \ " I just lost the game btw . " 
These people are so evel they don't have color . lol 
Virtue decides to prick me at times , but my eyes are the gravestones for my soul . X-D 
Oh , clouds of time seem to rain on innocence left behind . And it never goes away 
Just woke up , I feel like i wasted my day . 
Was just reminded how much I loved the pop Surge . 
http://en.nothingisreal.com/wiki/Why_I_Will_Never_Have_a_Girlfriend Way .. Too .. Much ... Effort .... 
Sneazing will now be referred to as nasal orgasims . This is because when you feel a sneaze comming but you don't actually snease , you feel terribly unsatisfied . 
since the xbox 360 quit working today ... ive become addicted to plants vs zombies . and its the shit . 
Sick ... very sick . uhg 
By the time I woke , I was singing I'm on a boat . LMAO 
just found myself reading the newspaper while sitting on the toilet ... i feel old 
stuck driving the celica for the next couple days . i hate that car 
You are never told old to burn in a fire . 
Where would the world be without chap stick ? Haiti 
i fucking hate snow 
SO , Legion is not as epic as i thought it would be . Still not bad . Pretty disturbing actually . 
woke up far too early today 
large amounts of sick ... grr 
really sick . monster fever , hxc head ache , cant sleep for shit , everything i eat tastes like pure illness ... just ... grr 
fun weekend of random shit lol 
fun weekend of random shit lol . and the book of < PROPMALE > is AMAZING . 
boreddddd , text me or something 
tetris god is stupid 
mortal combat is not a tournament is funny lol 
I'm sorry I excel at dynamic falling . 
Virtue decides to prick me at times , but my eyes are the gravestones for my soul . 
its fucking snowing again . wtf 
Last night was awesome . met some sweet people too . wrecked my knee though . it hurts :-( 
Feels all glorious and such 
Sooo ... for the last month the auto shop has been telling me that my car is almost broken and I shouldnt go to far away places ... now that we finally have the money to get it fixed ... and the shop tells us that there was NOTHING WRONG with my car in the first place . Frikin ' idiots . 
What time is it ? Time for you to go get a map . 
New bed . I no longer have that stupid metal bunk bed . lol 
I now pronounce you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > is fantastic lol . 
so my sleeping pattern is backwards so im up all night and im < PROPFEMALE > bored 
She's a freak . I've got the scars to prove it . 
God , next time we decide to walk 6 and a half < PROPMALE > at fucking midnight , punch < PROPMALE > . 
toke and pass , its not hard 
may the mass times acceleration be with you 
everywhere i go , bitches always that < PROPFIRST > shein has a wennie that he loves to show . 
orange and silver the only 2 words in the english language that dont rhyme . badass :-) 
the musical was great . so was ihop afterwards . met some sweet people . caught up with a LOT of people . bed time now 
not a bad night . and can now do smoke rings :-) 
The crowning lulluby can condemn , expel my voice and define alloquy . 
when god gives you lemons , dont make lemonade . plant a fucking tree and get more lemon 
how fast does a zebra have to run to turn grey ? lol 
getting my hair cut today , good bye long curly brown hair 
fun night , drank more than everyone else combined , got stopped by the cops . then made a total fool of myself for the rest of the night . pretty typical lol 
my sister crashed MY car taking her DRIVING TEST ..... wtf .... i just dont know what to say ... 
has a working laptop again !! 
friends just got kicked out . stupid dog 
dude ill smoke anything while drunk lol 
going to micky ds lol 
fuck just burnt my finger 
diary of a whimpy kid wasnt bad . better than clash of the titans 
Id cut butter with my ass before i would that knife . Lol 
chipoltle is totally worth it lol 
omg robocop has red foreman in it lol 
All I wanna do is sit in water and get drunk . The only thing more American is giving birth to eagles . :-) 
Vegeta look ! A pokemon ! I'm not a pokemon , I'm Chiaotzu ! Did you hear that Vegeta ? Its a Chiaotzu , I'm gonna catch it ! ROFLOLOLOLOLMAO 
Could you speak up ? I'm not wearing pants . 
Jenga with flaming logs is awesome . 
You have the sensuality of a panda at the zoo who refuses to mate . lmao 
Someone told me there's a calm before the storm . I know , its been comming for some time . When its over they say it'll rain a < PROPFEMALE > day . I know , shinning down like water . I want to know , have you ever seen the rain ? I want to know , have you ever seen the rain comming down on a < PROPFEMALE > day ? 
I won't use the earth , when your kiss makes my heart fly . And I can look down at my feet , and see what's behind the sky . I have a secret to tell you , I know why the stars are so shy . 
another night of no sleep with < PROPMALE > , lol 
cant sleep 
Has spent the last 2 weeks watching every single episode of scrubs . and i just finished the last episode . mission accomplished :-) 
went and saw the losers . not a bad movie 
Do not argue with an idiot . He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience . 
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit ; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad . 
jut got my 8 hours of sleep today . 1:20 pm to 9:20 pm . my sleep cycle is fucked lol 
I know what to do when the wolves come out and howl at the < PROPFEMALE > . I need to stop and grow up a bit . 
fuck fuck fuck shit fuck im fucked :-( lol 
damnit , my lighter just went empty ... 
just got the cutest puppy ever . and everything will ok lol 
that little bastard shit all over my games ... :-( 
just blew blood out of my nose ... had to ask my aunt if it was blood or not ... i hate being colorblind lol 
M&Ms , sunflower seeds , yoohoos , funyuns , and cheseburgers for dinner . good day :-) 
friday night im not doing shit . god im bored . i wish my phone worked :-( 
for those of you who have been texting me , my phone is out of service . so all i get is a msg saying \an incomming text did not come through due to low balance blah blah blah . \ " and its fucking annoying . so quit texting . just call my house phone lol " 
ALCOHOL : Giving you the ambition to do anything , while simultaneously taking away your ability to do so . lmao XDD 
Fun night , Morning sucked 
has learned 2 things . we need to check the weather before we make plans to go to the pool . and we should have gone yesterday lol 
Mormans was the correct choice . lmao 
Sigh , I need to move somewhere where people don't like me becasue they think I'm gay ... 
M . I . A is awesomeness 
fucking bored ... nothing i can do about it though . 
I was wondering if i could ride you home Lmao 
Me and Lucky have been talkign about reincarnation . Maybe when you die you'll come back as my baby ! lmao . < PROPMALE > of the hill is sooo dumb 
I'm a gay whore , who doesn't suck well . 
Swimming wasnt bad . No idea what were doing now . 
Some of my firends are the most immature poeple on the planet ... 
The end of something is always the beginning of something new . But that new beginning is always the beginning of the end something . Whether you see the sun or the < PROPFEMALE > first , or neither at all . You will still see them both , and have to deal with what not only your eyes can perceive . 
Shit is going down ... and it smells ... bad . 
God staying up till 5 was the worst idea possible ... 
got caught up on my sleep . slept from 2 to 7 . my sleep schedule is fucked 
Maybe i should kick you in the face ... with my fist lmao 
Fucking Fire Water fucked me up .... 
Terrible day , chilling with < PROPMALE > for his birthday was cool though . 
Fucking hell it was closed 
Successful adventure and illegal escapades last night lol . 
I didn't slap you . I high-fived your face ! 
bored as fuckk . i need a party plz 
Fuck fuck fuck fucking fuck my fucking face hurts ... 
So if you ever decide that a flaming shot of 151 is a good idea , remember to make sure all of the 151 makes it into your mouth and not on your face or you will have battle wounds ... and they fucking hurt . 
Last facebook status for a while probably . Phone doesnt work at all . My face is still burnt and hurts like hell . Pretty much FML . Cya guys . 
Just found a completely grey hair ... i knew i was stressed but shit .... 
So i can only play rock band past medium drunk lol . 
Like this status , and I'll tell you one thing\ 
I love about you , one thing I hate about you , my first impression when\ 
I first saw you and a confession 
So , sunburns ruin showers . 
If she weighs the same as a duck , then Shes made of wood . So Shes a witch lol . 
got a job and a place to live all in one day ... and a lecture about drinking and driving ... lol anyway , life is getting much much better . 
Fat people are harder to kidnap Lmao 
Mock dinner tonight . Starting off slow . 
Work today wasnt bad . Didn't get in too many hours though . 
still sick , work at 4 , put a poem in my notes , comment it . lol 
working the festival this weekend . should be fun 
Going to see the journey tribute . Should be fun 
15 jello shots is not enough lol 
fire water , crown < PROPMALE > , and jager bombs . oh twas a good night 
off work today . what to do ... what to do ? 
Dyolf knip . Best band ever if only ... Lol 
Just realized i am the only one in the house who is single Lmao . 
friday night , not doing shit 
I get paid today . and idk what to do with my extra money lmao 
110% ill . i feel so shitty . i keep burping and i can taste the disease every time grr . 
Stoner thought : if we can predict how old the universe is , And how big it is , And how fast it grows , how many gallons does the universe hold ? Lol 
pokemon black and white are out next srping :-) im a pokenerd 
Just hit a deep with my car going 60 . It did a full front flip in the air before landing on the sidewalk across the road . It was still alive . I feel terrible ... 
Human beings are programmed to notice the imperfections of others more than the imperfections of themselves . 
Thanks everyone for the happy bdays yesterday . my 21st was pretty sweet lol 
not a bad night , no hangover this morning . a few friends showed up . all is well lol 
my phone is currently useless because i am broke :-( 
can not go to any of the plays this week because i have to work :-( 
the new < PROPMALE > potter movie wasnt bad . but i didnt read the books so w/e lol . there was a very cool animation scene though :-) 
how our generation ever had a good president ? 
is forced to be an anti-social hermit for a little while ... 
the shit storm starts tomorrow ... 
quote from the mother : WWE is the soap opera for men . lmao 
the bucks lost half of their defense from injury , got safetied , had a punt blocked and still managed to win lol 
far too sick to work today :-( 
< PROPMALE > Miller Band is the shit . 
The game was so dissapointing the whole way through . 
You're like the curious < PROPFIRST > of whores 
ah fail blog , stupid people are the best cure for boredom 
moving into the new apartment today :-) 
