Time for me to log out . the four month without online access has sent me into an attachable facebook mode and I've gone crazy . I cant type on the keypad anymore . Im going to cry . No .... yes ... im not chopping an onion , I thought my eardrops was visine . Kidding . I do know someone who did do that though * grimaces and rubs hands together as eyes shift left to right * LOL . have a goodie friends . 

gotta go \the legend of < PROPFIRST > the greek\ " is on espn . " 
Today will be a day , different than yesterday , if only it were tommarrow . lol 
Just waiting for the Brooklyn Heist movie to be delivered to my doorstep in a day or two , Yippeee ! and is glad to have met so many creative people involved in getting the movie out there for the public . I suggest all my friends here check it out the trailer . 
is realizing that she has a potty mouth from hell today ! Cussin like a sailor . Please send help . 
Tweet this !!! 
So they say our country is in a reccesion and reforms and more taxes are setting into place . Now why don't they just cut the lottery pot to a lesser amount for each state , lets say 5 million tops for the highest lotto winner instead of 17 million ? Lets 
California aint looking good as far as financialy . Today is the first day of the states I.O.U ' s . Now that doesnt sound so good , does it ? unless of course they are giving me a check . I can't see the humor even in that . geesh . 
So I say to myself ,.. self ? 
Well between my uncle passing away in janurary , and my wonderful friends cat mr. squeeler , dying and suffered tremendiously in front of her and suddenly the death of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > just realy hit me , as strange as he was , so am i , and emotionally inte 
Sometimes its a frillen curse to see the bigger picture . If I only had a secratary . No no ... I just have to ducktape a dictophone around me , have batteries that are good inside and remember to press record when the brainstorming pours out . If I only had 
So I say to myself ,... self ? 
Did you know that I have a four sided face and when I spin my head around realy , realy fast , I animate ? :) 
I love the way these politicians are so against abortion , as if they consider a life after its born . I was born and I cant see them considering my life , as if it matters . Trust me I have reached out for certain liberties and still I'm ignored . Mind you , i 
is watching k-pax for the 15th time . love it still . 
Saw the movie \ SiCkO \ " last night . Here is a shout out for < PROPFIRST > Moore for putting it out there . yeehaw . And to think I used to like Nixen when I was a wee bit small child . * scoffs * [ in questioning ] \ " KIDS \"" 
Whoops ! < PROPFEMALE > just got egg on my face ! Meh . Not good 
Off comes the make up . Off comes the clowns desquise . The curtains falling . The music softly dies . Well I hope your smiling , as your filing out the door . Cuz as they say in this biz , thats all there is , there isnt anymore . But now the curtain falls . [ BOB 
For those friends and family who want to follow me on Twitter , go to my Info < PROPFEMALE > and click website link to Twitter . You all know what to do now , Peace Out !! 
No more in need for restraints or smelling salts . She has found herself a good M.D . finaly . Now perhaps she can move forward a bit . Darn , I know she will miss the smelling salts though . hehe 
I feel uneasy and weird when Mr. Spock gets all jiggy and cheery . Lmao 
Whats on my mind it asks ? Well I was frying an egg on it , then stopped to think ... What ? ... what am I doing ? , then remebered ., I needed to flip them over ! * looks for spatula * \ OH NOW COME ON !..... I use it hair conditioner ! Lol . " 
Either there is an Olgar , peeing on the lawn out side or the sprinklers went off . 
Wow , I would like to thank all my friends and family here on facebook for the Birthday wishes everyone gave me . What a treat . Thanks to all of you . It made my day . 
needs to get her ass to the bank !!! 
Either there is an Ogre , peeing on the lawn out side , or the sprinklers just went off . 
Wondering if anypne else here thinks that Ragedy < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > dolls were the proto type for Carrot Top's new look ? creepy dolls they were . well is it < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPMALE > he was looking to replicate ? lol . Godzilla is cuter than those dolls . geesh . lol 
unreal ,... I've finaly made an online connection . Its been about 4 months now , I'm BACK !!! yeeeehaaaaw !! 
is going to clean the kitchen . blah ! 
Is getting used to the youtubebox application ,.. bare with me . Meh ! 
Never do a full service job slaving for self serving people ! 
I had lunch with a stuffed animal in an elevator cause BIG BIRD said to and he's my leader . 
goodnight , untill nextime , that is , if there is a next time . Ok only this time I will allow a next time . 
Is digging the HuLu Website , just saw the elaphant man movie for the first time , the library doesnt even keep this stocked , unless u go to the main one downtown . Kudos fo Hulu 
Going to get ready to go to Camera 12 this morning to attend an orientation about volenteering at this years CineQuest Film Festival #20 . Oh yeah we get lunch too . Should be interesting . I hope it works out so I can volenteer and have access to the festival 
has recently reunited with her Lavalamp !! 
Writing is like trying to put together a dismembered body . It will either come together nicely but most a sure its a bloody mess !!! [ Its morbid , but I feel a good analogy . Besides I wrote it !!! hehe ] 
If I were < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > right this moment I would GONG < PROPFIRST > Leno right about now ... G ...... G ... O ... Ooo .. OO . NNNNggggGGGGG ! 
Never do a full service job slaving for self serving people !! 
Just saw Nightlines debate between the science and the future of God , or YHWH as I like to write it . Anyhow , it was kinda a waste of my time . They are becoming the politcal drum speaking in ruddiments , not paradiddles . Results : sounded terrible , no real satififying resolution . Are we all being like a bunch o monkeys now ? I mean that as monkey see , monkey do . [ not the evo ] . Anybody watch this debate ? Meh !! 
< PROPFIRST > was a racecar driver .... 
If the world was a pimple it would be coming to a head !! 
is not liking the fact that bejeweled is so addicting 
is thinking ,... if the Goo Goo Dolls and Lady Ga Ga went on tour , would it be called the Ga Ga Goo Goo Tour ? hehe 
can't beileve that when a great film comes out and is considered a classic , time has to try and reprove it somehow for a < PROPMALE > i guess and redue the film over . Except its totaly bunk and not worth the time or money they out into it . What to do ? power off . thats it , yeah thats the ticket . 
How can you have any pudding if you dont eat your meat !!! 
They will not force us . They will stop degrading us . They will not control us . We will be victorious . MUSE ME BABY ! 
Hoping my sister is having the day and a damn good time . She deserves it !!!!! Happy Day < PROPFEMALE > . Save us some cake ? I love you 
So if you havent heard the world news lately , watch it ! too many people in positions of authority are crooked as cain and are still holding their job positions . What is the world coming to ? It isn't coming to anything but a dead hault ! So whats plan B and C ? Anyone ? Lets change the motto , back to \ women and children first \ " and start there . " 
was in a pissy mood but im much better now . kinda . hehe 
I just thought of how ironic Tiger Woods is out golfing , but hey why is it Tiger Woods when we all know Tiger COULDS and he did . See kids what limits you all have to break in this world ? Tiger is < PROPMALE > enough to dissapear for awhile , yes ? For the love of money , he just cant have wealth but more and more . Just like his mistresses . A sign of weakness in my book . man has no exprssions 
On my bed !!!! yikes 
Looking forward to my day ahead with a friend and then at the theater with family . 
I'm outta here ! Gone like the wind baby 
dont read beauty magazines , they only make you feel ugly . 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A TRUE friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are blessed enough to have at least one true friend . They will know who you mean . 
tastes like chicken 
feeling the aftermath of a exhausting estate sale the last couple of days . I will sleep good tonight . :) 
Down sizing my living space and preparing for another huge garage sale this weekend . 
I have one word for < PROPFEMALE > Ray ,.... \ PONYTAIL \ " !!!!! " 
Almost ready to go to bed after a few more things I have to cram in my back seat of car . Garage sale tommarow , brite and early ... aaughh !! 
Down sizing some more , and going through my cloths so I can get them out of my living space , and into the hands of the guy in back of the Goodwill Truck . 
Is it me or is the Guy from the show \ RIVER MONSTERS \ " a ruggid piece of perfection ? " 
I just remembered some unfortunate news of a classmate allot of friends here from school , might remeber . < PROPFIRST > Cosentino . < PROPFIRST > passed away a couple years ago at the age of 41 . I live a few doors down from them , and thought classmates who attended Leitz Elementary School would want to know now that he is no longer with us . :( 
Doesnt feel very good ! 
\ Its nice to see that the pimple between your shoulders finaly came to a head \ " !! lol " 
Is happy her sister beleives in prayer . Going to see my dad today so with that , Im going back to bed now . 
Is stoked that < PROPFIRST > Castle requested my friendship here on facebook ! Whoo Hooo ! 
Have you ever farted and it sounded just like CHEWBACCA from < PROPFEMALE > wars ? 
BP are now changing their name to .... BE PREPARED !!! Those dirty rat bastards . 
is going to get her head examined 
You know Im thrown off kilter when you see me playing games here as if my life depended on it . Actualy it feels as they do . Damn Skippy !! 
Well my dad is back in emergency room . Something tells me the nuemonia may still be lingering around in his lungs . Hopefully he will be coming home soon and is feeling better . Poor guy . xoxoxoxox Dad if you can get this , \ I LOVE YOU PAPS '" 
Darn neccesities , I should be at the IrOn mAIdEN Concert tonight . Thats ok , They are alive and swimiing in my bloodstream . UP THE IRONS !!! 
Is tired literaly of troubleshooting her frillen computer . Cant run explorer . PITS !!!! Im using an aol sign on and the machinery is about to get the hammer !!!! FRILL !! @#$#$%$%^%#$@$#$% 
Just wants to thank all my friends here wishing my dad well and thinking of me . It realy means allot to me . :) I will pass these messages to my family . much appriciation to all of you . xoxox 
Hoping that my sister can tell my dad happy fathers day , since we cant call over there . < PROPFEMALE > TELL dad I love him PLEASE and happy fathers day !! and mention the immunical to the doctor !! thanks 
That guys nuts ....... Grab him ! 
Hhmmm mmm hummm doo daa deee dah doe . Geesh ! would you look at the time ! 
Is up early ... BLAHHH !. Must go to these offices right when they open with my facts from that god aweful doctor that beat me to shit in the head !! Aint right , and I dont take things of that nature lightly . Not when my life depends on it . Wish me luck ! 
Time to cook dinner for mom and I . I hope my dad is better today and soon going back home . 
Is now going to watch the dvd of IRON MAIDEN'S \ Rock in Rio \ " . Bye for now ! " 
There are no politics in the hereafter , just the way my Dad would want it !!! In his words no more BS . !!! 
Bought printer ink today , now she can get back to writing 1000 Tears . 
Off to water the flowers and trim the lawn . 
Put ? this ? on ? \ 
your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? \ 
Cancer .? All ? I ? wish ? for ? in ? 2010 ? is ? a ? CURE . ? 93% ? WON'T\ 
? copy ? & ? paste ? this . ? Will ? YOU ? for ? just ? one ? hour\ 
CANCER SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
won a 100 dollar amazon gift card last night and ordered 5 \IRON MAIDEN\ " dvds since I dont own any . Now I can update my collection and have a little happiness . Yeah " 
\ I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts ' ... " 
Just received my 5 Iron Maiden dvds in the mail . Yeehaw 
As much as I love playing Farmville , I cant stop feeling as if I were still in kindergarden with their pansie cartoons grafics . It is embarassing . Im 42 and want my coloring book damn it !! 
Gives up ! 
errands to run , and earthquakes to predict . hehe . I sense something in the air , but who am I ? yup a freak of nature . remeber that kids or we wont show any more cartoons ok ? lol 
Every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really is . I < PROPFEMALE > family & friendships . Thanks for being a part of my life . 
Cheese and Crackers !! Back to the script . 
Im tired , my neck hurts but Im taking a break from the script . I do need to get back on the stick though and push myself to do the work sometimes . What good is it if I never complete the damn thing ? Time is a wasting . So a farmville visit , and maybe a simple stressfree game , and I go back to wrap up this evening , work . I need to excercise my writing muscle , { chomps on a milky way < PROPFEMALE > bar } HeHe . More coffee . 
Wants to go see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > this month with friends and family . Well , you know who you are , shall I see if he is sold out ? The 28th @ 8pm Center of performing arts . 
Time to go cook dinner !! 
Poor Howie Mandel , < PROPFEMALE > just laughed at him for being a germaphobe . He jumped out of his seat when an act threw dental floss at him . I feel bad for Howie , that stuff is no fun to have Im sure . :( 
If I have time to play games here as much as I have been , then I must work on script now . See ya all later . 
Going to take some video footage at the dog park and visit friends in the evening breeze . 
Simba is eating well . :) 
Wants to congradulate < PROPFIRST > Grim for making into the finals in Americas got talent ! Knock em on their feet < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just arrived home from Music in the Park and enjoyed an AWESOME PERFORMANCE by our friends Y & T . I was happy to finaly make a show . They sound better than they ever have . Thanks Guys for rocken downtown San < PROPFIRST > . We all needed it !!! 
Welcome Home Soldiers . This is a good day for our American Troops and their families . Finaly after 7 years of fighting in Iraq . OUR TROOPS ARE COMING HOME !!! :) 
Just ordered Script Structure Software . 
In the last three days I have cut back on her smoking from 1 pack a day to half a pack a day . So far so good . 
Big old fat frillen spider behind my chair and Im not sleeping in my room but the spareroom has no computer . Meh ! It was right behind my ankle . 
Software software software !!! Im chanting for my script formatting software to arrive from UPS . No I dont have a lit candel in my hand . hehe ;P 
Back to the Script . Breaks over 
Its in the Mix ! 
I've come here to chew bubblegum and play Farmvillie , and Im all out of bubblegum ! Hehe 
Heres to all the firefighters and parametics out there saving lives , risking their own fighting the San < PROPMALE > Fire ! God speed and stay safe . Thank you !!! \ 
* Im not worthy , Im not worthy * 
My Aunt whom is 85 , has never broken a bone in her life until just recently . She fell and broke her soulder a couple of weeks ago . Just yesterday she fell again , with her arm in a sling , and broke her ankle . Needs surgery I think . Can you imagine being that age with two broken bones from two seperate falls , all within a few weeks ? 
Going to do some cabnet staining . Im feeling lazy today . I mean Im procrastinationg . whoops ! 
Spent most the evening visiting Aunt Carmie , she is miserably uncomfortable but hanging in there . I told her of all the nice things all of you posted in hopes she gets well very soon . That put a smile on her face , she realy apriciated it . I told her I would print out the < PROPFEMALE > so she can read all the love herself . I will give it to her tommarrow . 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly . ...... Love & Miss Ya Dad ? 
Too frillen hot to sleep in . First thing at sun up ,.. heat heat and more heat . Did I mention ,.. heat ? 
Show me a politican that can address and solve world hunger , heck hunger in the U.S even , and I might start thinking of some spark of hope for our country . Does not the planet itself provide food from the ground naturaly . hello ?, why is there any hunger at all . It realy disgusts me . Has mankind forgotten ? 
Those whom want to run for a political position , should have to pass a test , or maintain a grade , keeping score just like public school teachers have to to keep their reputation and in a certain criteria . Instead its about clasification and what or who is born into what and who can be a reality < PROPFEMALE > now to win some kind of popularity vote . Meh and double Meh !!! 
the death penality drug for lethal injection is expiring and they will not restock it for several months there in < PROPMALE > . Hmmm an injection of pure air itself is free and easy to get . Problem solved . Or bleach , lemon scented is nice . They can choose their fragrance . They will sell milk in the market a day old but god forbid the drug is expiring and they have to be extra careful . Bullshit ! 
A pitbull attacked a mailman today on my street at 10:45 am . WoW on Camden ave . Whoa ! I hope they are ok ? I always blame the owners of this unfortunate breed . Can you tell the television is on and pissing me off this mornig . Rare 
I think every Wednsday should be my offical piss and moan day !!!! hehe 
Whitman ,... a female Cheiny . I mean that by resemblance of course . As far as these tea parties recently , The last Tea Party I attended , I was seven and we pretended to be people we were not and then my friend stole my favorite little water toy , a frog named , Suirty . a.k.a suirt frog . Let that be a lesson for the grown ups . Prune anyone ? teehee . 
Im officialy done bitching for the entire year . Thanks for memories . Its either vent or end up on top of a clock tower with a deer rifle . hehe LOL 
Didnt go see Aunt Carmie today , decided to stain another top coat in hall bathroom counter only . Tommarrow Im scheduled in and have flower duty . hehe As requested , Im going to post up a before and after picture of what Ive done thus far as cabnets are concerned . When it is hot like this without any AC , you cant realy paint or varnish anything . No venalation . Pooh ! 
Ahh , Piss Ant !! 
Going now to see my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Have a goodie 
Breaking News , \ < PROPFEMALE > Spears Elephants in Africa \ " ! LoL " 
Rode along in < PROPFIRST > with my Aunt yesterday to have a cast put on her ankle . Shes such a trooper . Today is another day and it is busy . Thursday another doctor appointment . My Aunt , in all her pain , still has the heart to compliment others even in her discomfort . WoW , whats not to love there ? 
Appriciates her good friend Siham !!!!! :) 
Women and Children first !!!!!!!! 
Did you guys hear about that man who raped a 93 yr old woman in a care facility some years back , fled from authorities , went to Mexio , they sentence the bastard , and he gets .... 17yrs . ONLY !! 17 yrs ? That means 15yrs . tops , if good behaviour . Mullarkie ! 
And now for something completely different ! 
1st second draft , in the rough ..... 
Going to share some poetry with Aunt Carmie , wish I had a portable DVDplayer , therefore she or we could watch something besides election commericals . Meh ! She realy must be bored to tears . I would . 
Thinking of all the people in Indonesia . 
I feel that the Earth just might of shifted in its magnetic feild and the world is just begining that Rollar Coaster ride ,.. a faulty one . yikes . 
So I had to ask myself a questionn and I said , self ? _________________ , Oh yeah I yelled back . Suddenly holy water and straightjackets were on me faster than I could ... &@@$%% , the sirens sang and whined like my first_____wow , \theres my ride gotta go . So answering myself would be a hellish task . We mildly agreed on something for a change the two of me . " 
Going to dinner with friends !!! yay 
:P *\ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_GRxdm0945DUS 
I think Im going to start a tweleve step meeting called FA , Farmvilles Anonymous . Care to join ? Bring veggies , not cookies ! Only if it is from your bakery . Wine unexceptal ! lol 
I think\ the last airbender\ " sounds like a super sonic fart !!! " 
The Vet called us today to tell us SIMBA was ready to be picked up . { His Ashes } . That was like a knife turning in my heart . I miss my Simba Wimba Boy . 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought . Well this is what i want , i want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted , I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who actually care . 
Happy Holidays everyone , Bye for now . Going to go see my Aunt Carmie !! xoxoxo Thanks to my nephew < PROPFIRST > for the wonderful christmas photo he sent me !! Ha lmao !! :p 
< PROPFIRST > the Pug and friend are picking me up so we can go visit Aunt Carmie today !! 
Why am I the hell up right now ? To save my life ? No to finish painting Mom's bathroom . Would you beleive my cars dead and I have to go to the paint store at 7:30 am . THATS RIGHT , they open at 7:30 am in the morning , therefore I have to take Moms car . I didnt realize JUST how important my wheels are !!!! snooze .. snooze 
Well now I have to wake mom up so I can go to the paint store while milky way is still out my window ! lol 
Went to go to the movies today with friends and saw \ the DILEMA \"" 
Warning : For those whom think they might be in cahtroom in another website than facebook , becareful , it might just pop up on facebook . So what you chat about may be facebook savey without you realizing it . Violating isnt it ? or is it just me . 
just sacraficed her dignity to warn friends . Brownie and Brownie button please . . lol . No seriously . hehe 
Is over it now !!! or is she ? I realized it could of been a simple error between sites , BUT it sould be brought to the attention of both sites due to mischeivous nature of how it effects the person utilizing the sites is harmed , violated and misguided . I hope it is human error , and not intended for the disreguard to public users . 
I love it when Scientisits get their bright ideas from a movie . SOMEONE ELSES BRIGHT IDEA , PREFERRABLY THE WRITERS AND CREATORS . !!!!!! 
ABC on my side ? * ponders thought * Yes Im grimicing as I m typing rubbing knuckles and wiping the drool off my grinning face . :) 
I just had a SIMBA moment . He was my little muffin boy , my son so to speak and he is gone . Im not a Mommy to him or anything . My life isnt the same . A pet and animals all around are very special creatures . Im glad Im a Animal Lover !!!!! People we are all creatures that obtain a life essence . Remeber to care for all living things . Whatever that means ( for you ) 
most likely going to go to library check out the big kahuna and take it the plum tree to watch with aunt carmie . love her so 
ABC on my side ? * ponders thought * Yes Im grimicing as I m typing rubbing knuckles and wiping the drool off my grinning face . :) 
Just lost five years of contacts on my cell phone . Spending the day retrieving what I remeber , and boy is this alot of stinkin work I didnt plan on . Gheesh ! \ Cheese and Crackers \ " !!! lol " 
Taking a couple days off . See you all then . 
Going out and gonna have some me time ! 
