has the next 3 days off . Not sure what I'm going to do yet ... 

The Vatican approves of < PROPMALE > Potter ! Finally , I was waiting for this day to come ! :P 
I got a new kitten today ! She's soooooo cute ! :) 
There is NOTHING wrong w/the name Izzy ! So .. boo ya ! :P 
trying to build myself up to go to the gym in a bit .. 
starting day 1 today of a 7 day work stretch ! 
I don't have to work 2mor ! Woo ! and I'm going to MOA ! 
going to see G.I. < PROPFIRST > v . soon ! 
dang ... I have to work 2mor . that sux . I can't wait til school starts so I don't have to work as much ! 
so sleepy ... 
going to her cuz's bday today :) 
my xbox isn't working ! sad day :( 
is going to run some errands . I can't wait for school to start ! :) 
is really tired !! 
I know one thing ... that I love you ... I said hey ... ah , so catchy ! 
going to the fair ! Woo ! :) 
I've been roaming around , always looking down at what I see ... 
confused about people . 
hate my pos car ! 
Totally blown away by the presidental address ! 
does not like her graphic design class ! 
I'm excited ! 
listening to the new Muse album , not yet released . 
working on homework most of the day .... 
I'm really tired for some reason , even though I drank a bunch of coffee . Weird . 
I got Beatles ' Rock Band !!!! 
hate the foss vending machine ! It took my money and my food got jammed and I'm fricken hungry ! 
ahhhh ! I have so much on my mind and all I want to do to combat it is take a nap . 
listening to some of rock's greats ... 
making good progress on her presidential address paper ! Woot , woot ! 
happy the day is over , it's been a VERY long day ! 
thank god it's almost friday . 
I don't like homework and I have a feeling that it is going to take up most of my wknd . :( 
I have to get down to business and hit the books . 
finished ! well , for today anyways . 
sipping some coffee and dreading her upcoming presentation . 
I don't have a very high level of motivation today . 
eating dinner and checking this at the same time ! Ah ... multi-tasking , woo ! 
I want a nap ! 
waiting for papa roach and jet tix to go on sale !!!! 
Just got done taking my poli sci quiz . Definitely did a bad job . :( 
ugh ... 
running out of ideas for my graphic design compositions . 
finished graphic design , now onto broadcast and online journalism . I thought I had two papers due Wed , but oh no , apparently it is three ! 
lmao . I'm listening to < PROPFEMALE > shop . oh boy . I'll take you to the < PROPFEMALE > shop ... 
sad day .. I'm starting to feel icky . 
Gotta step it up a notch ! 
tgif 
I need to go to the store to get batteries asap ! 
I'll follow you into the dark ... 
just submitted my article for the school newspaper , \the echo . \"" 
arghhhhhhhhhhhh !!!! 
stressed to the < PROPMALE > ! i hate wednesdays :( 
watching true blood . All it took was the first disc of season one and I was hooked ! 
tgif . I'm not fully awake yet . 
taking a short break from working on my poli sci homework . 
Very tired after girl's night , but it was fun ! :) 
Ok , really ? This much snow already ? Ugh ... I'm moving ! 
I finally changed my profile pic ! It's been a while ! 
I'm really hungry !! 
it's thursday ... that means tomorrow is Friday ! I am going to trail of terrors either this wknd or next and I'm already scarred ! 
I would think once you reach college-age that people would not fight about petty shit ... but I was proved wrong today . 
ugh ... I have so much homework to do , not sure where to start ! 
drinking some coffee ... 
feeling lazy ... 
the stepfather sucked ! :( 
I kind of wish the days were longer than they are , so I could fit more stuff into the day ! 
blah !!!!! 
hope I do good on my poli sci quiz tomorrow . 
Getting ready to head out in a bit for night class . At least it's humpday . 
I like Thursdays . :) 
I saw \Where the Wild Things Are . \ " It was good . How is that a kid's movie ? " 
It's Friday night and I'm about to work on homework ... 
I accomplished stuff today ... woo ! 
I can't wait until I am done with this midterm paper ! 
case of the Mondays ... 
fml 
still working on my paper , but I'm dangerously close to finishing ... Woo ! 
I finished my paper for the most part ! 
I am so happy that there is no school tomorrow . One midterm due by midnight , then , I'm done ! :) 
it's Friday , finally ! 
Woot . The house is clean . :) 
It's Monday ... let the stress begin ! 
I don't like wednesdays ... 
I have to go to school soon . Sad day . Argh , I shake my fist at you < PROPMALE > ! 
ugh , I finally finished my school project after about 5 hours ! 
I applied for some jobs today ! Woo me . They are on campus jobs , so I'm crossing my fingers cuz it would be convenient . 
another day ... 
ok , how do you remove all the stupid friend suggestions and little reminders on here to make facebook better for others by writing to others ?! lame . 
busy day ! is it time for my nap yet ? 
i'm so tired ! omg , it was a really long day . whew . 
procrastinating .... not good . 
life is hard . 
going to donate plasma today if all goes well . 
ugh , lots of homework to do ! 
getting homework done . It's a long process .... 
ugh ... stupid garage band and < PROPMALE > computers . 
just trying to figure everything out . 
today is like friday !!! 
I'm hungry ! 13 more minutes to delicious mostacolli ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and for those you go shopping tomorrow ... you are brave ! lol . 
being totally lazy and unproductive today . 
I'm getting sleepy ... zzzz 
busy day of driving up to parents , hauling wood , putting up a tree and now dishes ! 
is saddened that today is the last day of break . :( homework it is ! 
Today is Monday . Doesn't really feel like it ! 
wii is so much fun ! 
So far so good . 
Mountain Dew is one of the best creations ever invented . Ever . 
it's crunch time . so much crap to do for school . 
I hate it when people don't listen to you , but you are supposed to listen to everything they say and not get in a word edge-wise . 
ah ! thank god it's friday !!!! 
Oh joy . Everyone is sick at home . 
cry .. cry .. I have so much stuff to do and I am not feeling well . poo . 
Maniac Monday . 
It took me almost two hours to drive home from mpls to coon rapids today . It normally takes 20 minutes !!!!!!!! 
feels miserable . stupid cold . kleenex , you are my best friend ! 
your nose is running ... you better go catch it ! 
Please be Friday , please be Friday ... let this week be over so I can lay in bed and get over this cold . 
long day ... long day ... i like sleep ... and showers ... two things I don't have the time to do today , yet I have time to check facebook ! Go figure ! 
Friday , woot woot . I will be happy once it is Wed next week and all work is done . Then , it's time to rot my brain playing video games or something . 
I really dislike poli sci , can't wait ' til this class is over . 
My brain hurts ! 
Less than 12 hours until my poli sci final tomorrow . 
I'm done with my first final , woot ! 
Dreamweaver is stupid . 
why do things always take wayyyyyyyy longer than you thought they would ? Honestly , why can't things be simple ???? 
I finished my web < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!! Fuck yeah ! It only took me all day to finish !! lol . 
I can't wait until the end of tomorrow and all finals and final papers , everything , will be over and then I can just do nothing ! 
Ugh ... finals ... 
I only have one more paper to write that is due today and then I'm done !!!!! Currently , I am trying to locate my hidden reserve of motivation . 
I am done with finals ! Never thought it would happen , but I am finished !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just saw the new Iron Man 2 trailer . Looks really good , but , sadly , it doesn't come out until May !!!! 
ARGH !!!!!!!!! 
Baking up a storm in the kitchen . Sadly my fudge didn't turn out very well though . I guess fudge is difficult to make , who knew ? 
so much stuff to do to get ready for christmas . 
I'm almost done prepping for Christmas , just doing some last minute things and then time to chill and watch some true blood . Very christmasy , true blood is . 
I'm bored .... I have lots of things I could do , but I don't really want to do them ... 
ok , seriousy I don't qualify for a lot of scholarships out there and for loans I don't have a co-signer or a job .... any suggestions people ? 
has to go spend money today ... on buying tabs for my car . ew . 
I got the first season of true blood for $20 !!!! I also got the hangover and < PROPMALE > potter 6 for $9 a piece ! I love a good bargain . 
I feel like I was kinda productive today . I went to the library and human resources place and got handouts for jobs and looked at job postings and stuff . 
I am reading about private loans and it is quite confusing . I wish there was someone who whispered in my ear what everything all means ! 
woot ! I bought my textbooks for school and I saved money !! 
Happy new year's everyone . 
The truth hurts . They invented that expression for a reason . It hurts the most when you finally admit to the truths you have been trying to deny . 
is hoping good things will come her way . 
is losing hope . 
crossing my fingers .... and also , donating plasma today . 
and I'm gonna keep on lovin ' you ... 
ok , seriously I find this fucking hilarious ! I am not suitable to work at wal-mart . I filled out their online app and it took over an hour and there was 72 questions on work scenarios and shit and then after that I find out I am not eligible based on my answers ! What did I say wrong ? seriously ???!!!!! now that is some fucked up shit right there ! 
I am working on filling out job apps and I am wondering why they make you fill out a really long section stating your employment , dates , supervisor's name , number , etc ., when most of that information is already on your resume . I must then ask , what is the point of a resume , if I must the exact same information twice ? twice as nice ....? 
time to go play some wii !!!!! 
argh ... I'm pondering this ... just because someone is your family , does that mean you are always obligated to go to all family functions , even if you don't want to ? 
I finally watched Saving Private < PROPFIRST > for the first time last night . A-m-a-z-i-n-g ! Also , on a separate note , does anyone know what the publisher's clearinghouse is ? Is it a scam ? 
long day of classes , that's about it . 
< PROPFEMALE > defense mechanism . I pick up the cat , bc she is just so darn adorable , you want to pick her up and pet her . But ... if the cat doesn't want to be held ... she will tell you .. by farting in your face ! Believe , this cat reeks when she wants you to let her down ! 
I have web design today . ick . 
humpday ! 
it's going to be a very busy day . 
has a lot of stuff to do , but is very tired ! 
finally got some sleep last night ! yay ! 
I'm going shopping with my friend in a little bit ! woo , love shopping ! also , must do more homework today . I have a lot of reading to do . 
has an awful headache ! sadness . 
So , I've just learned some interesting pop news ... Megan Fox is engaged . Hearts will be breaking ! lol . 
It is Monday . Normally not a big fan of Mondays , but I like the ones where I have off ! 
I am going to try and stop putting my homework off , so I don't have to wake up early to finish it . 
I know I should get moving and take shower so I can continue onto my homework , but I don't wanna ! lol . 
so tired , but I need to finish this homework ! 
I'm so tired ! 
Driving all around the city today ! I had a job interview last night and two today . Hope I get one of the jobs I interviewed for today , the pay was good . :) 
it's starting to get really icy out there , so drive safe everyone ! 
I had a lot of weird dreams last night . Maybe I ate or drank something before bed that made me do that ? Course then again .... pretty much all my dreams are weird ! 
C'mon people ... act your age !!!! 
I think today is going to be a good day . 
It's been a really long day and it's going to be another busy one tomorrow ! 
I can't wait til tomorrow's over . No more classes for the week and supernatural is on , sounds like a good day to me . :) 
sipping a < PROPFEMALE > and it's delicious ! 
Ok , so I don't know which female celebrity I look like ? Any suggestions people ? 
has so much homework to do , it's ridiculous ! My face may literally melt into the book from reading so much ! 
gets distracted very easily . 
My cat's meows are like a baby's cries ... each meow means something different and I can't figure out which meow means what ... 
watching criminal minds . 
thinks she left her glasses at school and really hopes they are still there ... 
hopes she finds her glasses because it is very difficult to see up close without them ! 
according to this morning's news on 93x ... leave it to a romcom to knock avatar out of the top for the first time in months ! Dear < PROPFIRST > knocked Avatar out of the number 1 spot . I want to see that ... 
lesson learned , I should check my school email more often in case my teacher decides to cancel class ..... 
stupid homework . why did I decide to be an English < PROPMALE > ? There is so much homework ! Reading and writing ... reading and writing ... 
um ... yeah ... the procrastinator's anonymous meeting has been rescheduled for next week .... 
done with school for the week , in terms of going to class anyways . so ... one night off from homework ... and SUPERNATURAL IS ON !!! WOO ! 
is catching up with an old friend . My ... my .. how time flies by so quickly . 
it's friday ! woot , woot ! 
boo hiss lightning thief ... i'm thoroughly disappointed ! I should have seen < PROPFIRST>'s day instead ! or from < PROPFIRST > with love ... jonathan rhys meyers ... yum 
has to go shopping to pick up a few things ... 
has lots of homework to do today . :( 
not fully awake yet ... 
watching law abiding citizen . 
did her taxes today and is going to get some money back ! woot ! 
cry cry ... there is so much homework to do ... i'm going to try to start out with the hard stuff . I\ve heard that is easier . " 
I saw < PROPFIRST>'s Day w/my mom and it was really nice to catch up w/her . :) 
reading , reading , reading ..... 
they say time heals all wounds , idk ... 
has a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach that won't seem to go away . 
is very confused and wish that certain decisions were cut and dry , right and wrong . 
just wants the pain to go away . and also why does it seem that everyone seems to be engaged or married ? 
is really really tired . it was a long day and is going to be another long day tomorrow . 
has a lot of stuff , but no motivation to do it ! 
is almost caught up in web design ... now onto other classes ... 
society places a burden on young women to look a certain way and hardly any woman fits their impossible image of what a woman should look like . Ladies : they are many faces of beautiful , not just a stereotypical image . 
humpday . 
is really hungry !!!! 
is going to go see the play \coyote . \"" 
can't wait until spring break next week ! 
The day is young and there is plenty of time for more bad things to happen ! 
has a cold . :( 
two more days of school and then spring break ! there will still be homework involved , unfortunately , but no classes :) 
is going to go pack some more ... ugh 
has almost moved all her stuff ... I moved all the bulky stuff today with the aid of a wonderfully big truck and very nice grandparents . 
is going to try and catch up with some friends over spring break now that she has some free time . 
is trying to get as much accomplished as she can in the 9 days of no school . 
has been busy shopping .... 
love , four letters that represent something everyone wants . 
has a serious case of shopper's remorse . You know when you spend a lot of money on something you want and then later you feel guilty ? 
and he's watching us all with the eye of the TIGER !!!!! BOM BOM BOM 
finally finished doing my FAFSA ! Woot ! 
I wish I could read faster , then I could do homework super fast ! :) 
I should really stop waking up so late ! 
GET BACK ! GET BACK TO WHERE YOU WANT TO BELONG ! 
is sick of homework ! 
is very tired because she slept so horrible last night . 
thank god it is thursday . no more school after today ! but , I am going to work my butt off this weekend to get all this homework done in time ! 
All new episode of SUPERNATURAL !!!!! 
Life is so hard sometimes . 
What don't kill ya makes ya more strong ! At least that's what Metallica says .... 
IT'S FRIDAY ! 
is tired and really does not want to do homework . I will probably fall asleep trying to read ! lol . 
No one is perfect . It's just a matter of if one person wants to try to change their imperfections or another person accepting those imperfections . 
has so much homework , it's insane ! 
ah !!!!!! I wish there were two of me ! 
can't wait until the weekend ! 
so glad today is over . 
has to write a bestiary , but would rather take a nap . 
so glad it is the end of the school week for me and it's gorgeous outside :) 
google is changing its name to topeka ?! wtf ! Is this an april fool's joke ? 
I wish I could trade places with my cats somedays .... 
If you have never shopped at Aldi's grocery store , you need to ! You save so much money !!!!! 
I really don't want to do homework .... argh . 
I have no idea how I am going to get all this stuff done . I wish there was either two of me or there were more hours in the day !!!! 
I don't like Tuesdays .... 
got a lot done on my travel homepage for web design . yay ! 
yeah , so I have decided that in order to get all these projects and papers done , that I will either have to give up hygiene or sleep .... 
Has a cold and the end of school to get ready for and other life dilemmas to sort out . Life , could you be less hectic , please ? 
I just finished my ekphrastic piece ! Woot , woot ! 
I am trying to be as productive as I can . 
I am going to finish this web design project tonight at all costs ! Ok , well I might not be able to figure out the rollovers , but if I can get everything else , that would be awesome ! 
working on her detective fiction story . Is it implausible that a reporter would investigate a story on a string of recent burglaries in the neighborhood ? or is it plausible ? Give me your opinions people . 
Is it possible to over caffeinate ? I think it might be because I am not feeling well after drinking that 5 hour energy shot . 
writing eight to ten pages in one day . I can do it , yes I can ! 
pray for a miracle . 
get ' er done !!! 
PAPER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
paper is finished ! yay ! It prolly isn't great , but it is finished . a paper is better than no paper at all . That's some weight off my shoulders ! 
finally cleaning the apartment up . It was a disaster zone ! 
is watching ninja assassin . 
has a lot on her mind and only has two final papers left to write , but has no motivation to do them . Goal : start paper tomorrow after work ! 
WHY ???!!! Listen up y'all it's a sabotage !!!!!!!!!! 
finished her rollovers ! Woot woot ! 
got this damn printer fixed after not one , but two two hour long conversations with hp tech support ! 
Is going to finish this dang paper today ! 
One last final paper to write and I am done with this semester ! Woot ! 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week and t ... his is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding :) ? ? 
almost done with my last paper of the semester !!!!! Can I get a woot woot ?! 
school's out for summer ! ok , well for a month anyways ... 
so my roomie and I just figured out today that our cat fiery is actually a boy and here this whole time we thought the cat was a girl ....... this explains a lot of things ! 
got my lip pierced . A little weird when I eat , but I'll adjust . 
still have not solved this printer and pc issue . argh ! 
is watching a show on the science of sex appeal . It is really interesting ! I am going to watch this Science channel more . 
That was a long weekend ! and lots of driving . 
I finally got a < PROPMALE > to clean the apt today and it looks AWESOME ! I love a clean place :) 
stand in the corner and scream with me ! 
Okay one of my pet peeves is when people undermine my intelligence , so for all the fricken computer people I have talked to ... stop being sexist and assuming that I don't know anything about computers because I am a woman ! 
so much to do ! I should make a list !!! 
I feel like today was a very productive day ! yay ! The best thing about today is that I finally got my printer to work the way it's supposed to ! 
classic rock is awesome ! 
I saw the coolest thing today : Google's logo of the day is Pacman ! It has the sound effects and you can play too ! 
has a wicked sunburn ! I look like a lobster ! 
Just picked up True Blood Season 2 ! Looks like someone is going to have a True Blood marathon . 
After looking at many , many job listings I am pondering the age-old question : Everyone wants someone with experience , but yet no one is willing to hire anyone w/o it , so how do you get experience in their job area ? How ?! 
I'm so happy because today I found my friends , they're in my head . 
I am eating salad . This is a big deal for someone who has not eaten salad my whole life . 
\staying up to watch the olds ? This just in : go to bed ! \"" 
Why does looking for jobs on the internet have to be so tedious ? Ugh , on my list of least favorite things to do , looking for jobs is one of them ... 
H-I-C-C-U-P-S . annoying . 
say is that rain , or are they tears ? 
ugh ! I hate online job applications . SO TEDIOUS ! 
Just starting taking my Spanish course today ! :) 
I wish there could be school w/o homework , then I would like school a lot more . 
they will not control us and we will be VICTORIOUS ! 
Please stop hurting head , that would be awesome if you stop pounding ! 
Man I am tired . I guess my mom is right . You play , you pay ! ;) 
LONG DAY . 
rain , rain , go away ! 
Will you still need me , will you still feed me , when I'm 64 ? 
Hope I do well on my Spanish test ! 
Back from the cabin . It was not very good weather the whole weekend ! sad day . 
has a cold . boo ! 
Why does it always have to be a competition between people about who works harder ? Let's just call it even and say that most people work hard . 
Excuse me , while I kiss the sky ! 
Yo debo estudiar mucho por espanol manana ! 
If there were no songs about lust or love on the radio , there would significantly less songs on the radio . 
It is not everyday you get to < PROPMALE > a baby bird around a house . 
Cars are a curse and a blessing , just like money . It is a necessary evil . 
I hate when people cancel plans at the very last minute and you don't have a back-up ! 
Saw grown-ups today . It was pretty funny , as I expected it to be . 
You have to take what you can get . 
Tried to soak up some sunshine today to work on my tan ! yay ! 
\You make a grown man crrrrrrrrrrryyyyyy ! \"" 
la la land . 
I am worried about this Spanish quiz ! I better cram asap . 
Friday ! woot ! 
Brass monkey chunky , that funky monkey ! 
No Spanish on Thursday ! Woot ! 
Wednesday feels like Thursday because there is no official Spanish quiz tomorrow . Now I wish I didn't have to wake up at 545am . That would be nice ! 
I got to tan a little by the pool today , the sun felt amazing ! :) 
The summer is great . I can roll down my window and crank up Zeppelin . Doesn't get much better than that ! :) 
las chaculetas , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Isn't it funny that dead people can continue to make a lot of money ? Like < PROPMALE > , he has been gone for what , 50 years ? and he still makes money ! That is a crazy concept . 
There needs to be more time in the day , there needs to be two of me , or I need to be able to turn back time like Hermione in HP . 
What is with the revival of Blink 182 on 93x ? 
had a very relaxing weekend . :) 
Them's the rules . 
Omg I am starving ! I tend to get angry when I am hungry ... and you won't like me when I'm angry ! :p 
I think I am starting to get a cold ... :( 
My lip piercing got infected and I had to take it out ! I am soooooo saddened . :( 
excited for tonight ! :) 
A hectic start to the beginning of the week ! 
Why do students pay to take college clases if they don't even pay attention and just disrupt those that are trying to learn ?! 
I saw an awesome billboard on the way home . \Rock out with your brat out . \"" 
Everywhere I go there are so many stupid people ... mostly just stupid drivers ! 
sick of being pushed around ! Enough is enough !!!!!!!! 
One more day of Spanish and done with school for a few weeks ! 
Spanish is done ! Yay ! 
Omg today I feel like I have just been running around like a chicken with its head cut off ! 
Buddha said that life is suffering . I tend to agree . 
filling out job apps is so tedious and long ! I do not understand the point of typing out my entire work history when I upload my resume and it is says the exact same thing ! What a waste of time ! 
So I was packing up some boxes today and the cats kept trying to jump into the boxes . Then I noticed one of my boxes that I had taped up had whiskers poking out and was moving a little . I taped poor Izzy in the box ! Poor < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Parents may be just looking out for you , but I am a grown-up and can make my own damn decisions , thank you very much . 
Life has too many curveballs and they are usually not good ones . 
If there really was a < PROPFEMALE > and I got three wishes I would wish to never Have to shave my legs again yet still have silky smooth legs ! 
My phone alarm is acting wack lately . I hit the alarm two 3 times and on the third time It doesn't go off again ! Wtf ! It is making me late ! 
Life is like a box of chocolates , ya never know what you are gonna get . Cheesy but true ! 
Unreliable people particularly in the workplace really pisses me off ! 
Frustration < PROPMALE > !!! 
Officially done moving boxes back and forth between apts . Now I just have to unpack a lot of boxes ... 
All work and no play . :( 
Sometimes I feel like life is a big game of hurry up and wait . You are always waiting for something whether It be a big or small event . I think it's the insignificant moments that are truly the most cherished . 
Finally watching dear < PROPFIRST > for the first time . 
Things always seem to get worse before they ever get better . 
Thinking of selling my xbox 360 and all the stuff with It too . Any takers ? 
\Art is theft . \ " -Picasso " 
Sometimes you are your own worst enemy . 
not having a working computer at home sucks ! 
ugh . My mind is now numb from applying to so many different jobs and writing the same crap over and over . I do not understand at all the point of a resume when all these applications make you list all of your work and education anyways . So repetitive !!!!! 
I would like college a lotttt more if there was less reading . 
One word strikes fear and panic into the hearts of college students everywhere : HOMEWORK . 
It is sad when all your money is mentally spent before you even get It ! Bills stink ... 
Isn't life funny ? People including myself always complain when we are too busy and wish for more free time , yet when most of us get too much free time on our hands we get bored and wish to be busy again ! Is there no happy-medium ? 
I feel that you are only allotted a certain amount of concentration molecules . Mine are used up for the day . Time to reboot ... 
\you're going to catch a cold from the eyes of your soul . \"" 
ugh ... homework stinks . 
Whoever invented homework should be slapped . 
facebook . The #1 reason college students everywhere get easily distracted from homework !! ;) 
Mind = frazzled !!! 
giving a speech for class tonight . Hope it goes well ... I do NOT like public speaking . 
Another day another dollar . 
\I try to see the good in life but good things are hard to find . \"" 
Just finished reading the assigned section of just kids be < PROPFEMALE > smith . I am in inspired by her devotion to creativity and how she just pushes everything else aside to pursue whatever artistic medium she is into at the time . People don't do this anymore . 
Just when you think there is a moment of relief ... work calls you and the week suddenly becomes more stress filled ! 
Play that funky music white boy ... play that funky music white ... 
what a day .... I think I might be a little talked out ! 
Friday ! Oh yay rent is due ... bye bye money ! 
I hate when the day's stress begins before I even get to finish my morning coffee ... 
yay , no work tomorrow . 
can't wait until school is over so I can focus all my energy on working and making money ! 
finally got internet at my apt ! yay !!!!!! 
Friday = payday ! woot ! 
I am listening to the 90s channel on TV and I love it ! It is all the music I grew up listening to , including the Macarena ! I still remember the dance too oddly enough . Why do I remember this stuff ?! 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are .... and if they are paying attention ..... Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a wordabout you ! This should be interesting ! 
Maybe I am getting a cold . All I feel like doing is taking a nap ... and I got plenty of sleep last night ... 
< PROPFEMALE > had her kittens today ! 5 !! 
I am so odd . I like to always look at the target ad even when I know I am broke . 
I miss spontanteity and fun . damn you responsiblity !!!! :( 
Cannot wait until school is over ... Dec come faster ! 
So much fricken homework . Boo hiss . 
M-E-T-A-L-L-I-C-A ! RAWR !!!!!! 
finished speech and paper ! yay ! that's a weight off of my chest ! 
Just saw the lovely bones . What a tragic and thought-provoking movie . 
Traffic on 169n sucks ! 
homework . boo hiss on you . 
Ugh . My head is hurting . It feels like a vice grip squeezing my head . Boo hiss . 
ugh . I am like a grandma . It is 10pm and I am already thinking that it's my bedtime . 
ugh . still trying to finish this paper . I hate it when I think oh this won't take long and then it seems to take forever to finish . writing a paper on a friday night ? yup , I'm officially boring .... lol . 
FINISHED ! 
laundry and underworld . 
I hate cleaning the bathroom . Sound off , what is your least favorite chore ? 
omg , heard \barbie girl\ " on the 90s TV channel today . Awesome ! " 
what's the best place to sell old textbooks ? ( besides the school bookstore .... ) 
wish I could go on a road trip ! 
Not watching documentaries about the paranormal right before bed in the future . 
Our kittens are getting so big ! They are starting to nibble at < PROPFEMALE>'s grown-up food . They also like to sit in in my lap ! aw ... 
Have a job interview tomorrow afternoon ! yay !!!!! 
Busy day ... hope I get the job . 
I am looking for a new job , so if any one knows of any openings that are ft and pay decent , I'm all ears . 
Is annoyed with computers and whoever decided to invent viruses . 
I feel like a zombie after applying for so many jobs . I think you can only look at the pc for so long before this zombie , zoning out effect begins . 
Ugh .. more laundry . Sooo tedious . 
picked up a work shift on Sunday . yay ! 8a-8p = ick , but I guess you have to do what you have to do to get by . 
Got to see HP7 today ! Woot ! Woot ! Is that seriously how It ends ? I mean I know there is another installment but still ... 
Can't sleep . Boo hiss . 
well that was an interesting day . 
so I think if there are people in your life who bring more bad to your life than good , you should just cut them out of it . 
Why is It so much fun to reminisce about the past but not the future ? 
11 loads of laundry and two and a half men . 
I forgot how much I like the library ! Checked out almost a dozen books ! 
the end is in sight ! yay ! 
It's all in your head . Feeling sorry for yourself doesn't solve any problems so why dwell on it ? It's okay to feel sorry for yourself once and a while , but nobody likes someone with the \poor me\ " syndrome all the time . Thinking of solutions to your problems is better . " 
off to give the second to last presentation of my college life !! 
Omg the stores were a nightmare today ! Lines everywhere you go and everything is picked over . 
You woodchucks stop chucking my wood ! 
School's out forever !!! 
How does a video game kick your butt ? Ow . Soreness . 
Wish my life was like a movie ; all warm and fuzzy with a happy ending . 
Got all my Christmas shopping done . Yay ! 
Blah . No motivation . 
Conan ! 
I went to the Dollar Tree by my apt . for the first time since I moved here . I can't believe how much stuff you can get for a $1 there ! Amazing ! 
\tip your waitress ! \"" 
It's a true blood Chriatmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
23 -- here I come . 
Life seems to be all about waiting for the next best thing in every aspect of life . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! :) 
Just watched going the distance . Funniest movie I've seen in a long time ! 
Ugh . Work ... 
Since my pc is broken I tried to check my email on her phone since the internet is better . That was a science experiment . 
We are all plagued by our own inner demons . 
Ugh . Frustration < PROPMALE > . 
Dear hair fairies , can you please come visit me in the night ? My new haircut makes me look like a 12 year old . 
There really is no place like home . 
argh ! 
Friday ! Pay day ! Woot ! 
It's better to have low expectations of people because you are less disappointed . 
Trying to kill time before my dentist appt . Yay clean teeth ! I'm weird . I like getting my teeth cleaned . 
Clean teeth ! The dentist said my teeth look good ! Yay ! 
I'm so excited ! Finally got my pc back ! yes !!!!!!!!! 
hope things turn around soon . My life needs a better direction . 
I thought I would share some useful info . If you ever need a file converter , try zamzar.com! It works great ! 
Finished my writing portfolio ! Yay ! 
Don't you wish you knew what mood people were in before you answered the phone ? You could probably avoid a lot of drama that way ... 
My kitten tiger is watching the news with me . 
damn . I'm sick of snow . Also , I wish I was < PROPMALE > . 
finished my writing resume ! Now I only have to make a customer service resume and then a cover letter . Blah . 
Watching the a-team . 
\Intergalactic-planetary : I like my sugar with coffee and cream ! \"" 
working on my resume again .... ugh , losing concentration ..... 
why does healthy food have to taste so bland ? Less calories = way less flavor . 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours . ( So I know this is kind of lame ... but potential fun to be had here ... :) 
guys are dumb . 
teeth are important . 
My head hurts . Boo . 
Not feeling good again . Wish I was a doctor so I could diagnose myself . 
Who's good at grammar ? I am working on my resume .... which is correct -- consistently met deadline for submitting articles ? OR consistently met deadlineS for submitting articles ? 
Everyone is shallow to some extent . 
Went to the mpls job fair . Wow ... what a waste of time ! 
< PROPFIRST > says relax ! 
I love It when I walk by an apt bldg and the air smells like dryer sheets ! 
Today = supernatural ! Yeah ! 
Watching the social network for the first time and checking my facebook ! :p 
I hate that panicky feeling when you wake and think you've overslept because it's so light out . Then you realize your alarm just hadn't gone off yet ... 
Boom , boom , boom , boom ..... bang , bang , bang , bang . 
Now I remember why I don't check out library books ... $31 overdue fee . Damn ... I know how public libraries make their money ... 
Has anyone ever thought it was weird that you answer the phone hello , but then once you recognize the person , you say hi ? Which is the same as hello ...... odd .... 
\Don't let someone tell you you're no one . \"" 
I sometimes wonder what people are thinking when they see me driving on the freeway singing and dancing to the music ! LOL . 
Fricken cats chewed up my cell phone charger again ! 
I'm a dork , but I'm okay with that . Dorks will one day rule the world ! Mwah ha ha ! 
saw I am number four today . So good !!!!!!!! 
sometimes I can't believe how fast time goes . You think about tomorrow and before you know it tomorrow is gone . 
I can be a powerful friend , but I can also be a powerful enemy . You choose . 
Fair weather friends need not apply . 
Pet peeve : Why do so many people NOT scrape the lint from the lint trap ? Really ? It only takes a few seconds . C'mon people . 
It may be hard to break down someone's walls , but when you do , you realize the heart is paper thin . 
Check yourself before you wreck yourself . 
is watching a zumba infomercial and it looks like so much fun ! 
catching up on bills , feels good ! :) 
gloomy days like these make me want to tan ! and I don't even like tanning ! I just want to see the sun . 
As much as I hate parallel parking , I am getting much better at it . 
Stupid Blackberry . I replaced the track ball on Tuesday because there is a free trackball replacement program . I had to replace it because I couldn't scroll down , now it is broken again ..... time to get a new phone ? :( 
I want to know where solicitors get their information ... I have been sent shit for AARP and I am 23 ... and now I got shit from Gerber to set up a Grow-Up Plan for my baby and I don't even have a baby ! wtf ! 
can't stop blowing my nose and can't hear out of my right ear very well . :( 
still can't hear out of my right hear very well . sad day . :( 
you have a beautiful soul . 
\Don't tell me what's good for bad . \"" 
watching the COOL TV , all music videos -- all the time ! love it ! 
watching American idol on the dvr . it's going to be a tough competition ! 
I think the definition of rock < PROPFEMALE > means you wear sunglasses indoors . 
applying for jobs and listening to \Give Me One Reason . \"" 
Life is full of a lot of ups and downs . Wheel of good fortune please spin in my direction !!! 
ugh .... stressing < PROPMALE > ... 
why dudes gotta be hating on cats ? what did they ever do to you ?! 
Dear Manfred 
eating a banana ... nannerpuss . 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from the mouth to the stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3x the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink 2x more than men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire post . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you laugh :) 
feels productive . Revised my customer service resume . Now all I have to do is type in the new adjustments ! Kick ass job here I come ! 
finished my resume finally ! Heck yes ! It is worth the time to get out the kinks ! 
filling out job apps , oh so tedious . 
wanted : personal masseuse ! lol . 
Just because it's free , doesn't mean it's good . 
hates roundabouts ! you can't just invent new traffic intersections without educating us about it . 
The only acceptance or approval you need , is your own . 
True Blood Season 4 : Sunday June 26 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
time for an afternoon nap ! 
Just found out that there is more Subways in the country than there are McDonald's . Interesting ... 
Had a phone interview today and it went pretty well . Hope I get the job ! 
