Just a < PROPMALE > irate about the fact that i can't stop being a barracks rat without shit coming up that I'm supposedly off acting stupid . 

trying to figure out what to wear for halloween and how to make it work ... 
is pissed off at himself 
now has a game to be pissed off at as well ... 
is still a little upset but hoping the turns out better then anticipated ... 
irritated and slightly annoyed ... 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired ... 
Tired of being just a friend , tired of being alone , and tired of being underestimated by my coworkers ... 
Tired of sitting at work when he should be out at the club ... 
has once again been left by people who said they were friends , and feels love for someone he knows is beyond his grasp ... 
is sick and tired of trying to deal with paperwork that should have been done a week ago ... 
At my layover , 
is driving around a bunch of drunks ... 
spent thanksgiving alone in AZ , and dared to brave black friday by himself ... 
has to get up early in the morning for a re-test and is dreading it 
tired , headache , ready to pass out but just can't seem to 
what good is a virtual pet if it runs away too ? 
is tired of certain individuals with which he must work with ... 
feels like offing a certain officer with which he must work ... 
hating flight records , and not looking forward to Utah ... 
Tommie : One beautiful and pretty little lady ; not only is she smart , but she is also a sweet and wonderful friend ; < PROPMALE > cutie ; epitome of a female . ~ urbandictionary 
is trying to figure out all of the things needed to be taken care of after getting out of the army ... 
weighing possible outcomes ... 
back to work as per usual , despite the month long field experience ... 
All I can really say is 410 days left ... 
tired of denying who I really am and just past the point of actually giving a tihs ... 
figured out that my knight in shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum foil ... 
has all the bases covered in this game of life , waiting for the next inning where I know there's going to be a curve ball ... 
recognizes that no matter who is asked the only term used as an adjective is \Roberts \"..." 
I want to help , I want to cry , I want to laugh , I want to fly , so many things that could be great , so many people with so much hate , why not love and why not live , we are all family in the end ... 
is just slightly irritated and ready for legal advice ... 
most certainly not on an emotional high , but if I wasn't in the Army I would be high on something ... 
Thinks there might be a loophole , and with that a ligh at the end of the tunnel ... Time do research , I hate that part ... 
is seemingly at the end of the rope , all that's left is to with keep hanging on or just let it go ... In for some heavy thinking ... 
had a pretty good night last night considering all in all , I love you ladies ... 
lost in thought , someone please save me ! 
has now thrown it all on the table , time to play the waiting game and see how the dice fall ... 
has now gained the nickname of Hige , always remember that the nose knows ... 
But why is all the rum gone ? Becase we is pirates and that be what we do ! 
\Your Song\ " - Ewan McGregor " 
The Only Exception - Paramore 
fear my squirrely wrath ! Fear it !!! * starts wildly throwing nuts all over the place * 
the little lost puppy that had no home , he had no love , he had no bone ... The little lost puppy all he did was try but all he heard was lie after lie ... The little lost puppy wanted so much more , he cast off this life for another world ... 
another day another dollar 
It's being forecasted an 85% < PROPMALE > of stupid for tomorrow here at Fort Polk , wish us well ... 
is completely disgusted at te network of some people ... 
Actually got three responses besides Roberts in just a week : feminine , a little pshycotic , a very happy elf ... 
A packless wolf is dead to the world ... Alone one howls for the tears streamin down ... 
Overwhelmingly average in every way ! 
feels like the runt of the litter , but at least I'm cute ! 
been all around post today just to start back at < PROPFEMALE > zero , something smells suspicious but it's probably just the wind ... Yea , just the wind ... 
about to take my pshyc eval . Yay ! Now we can know the true nature of my mental state : I still say overwhelmingly average and authentically unique ... 
and another example of the epic fail that is the new bravo company ... All I'm saying is leadership holds ultimate responsibility , I'm just saying ... 
has rekindled the flames of anger and outrage , if not morals then just on principle ! 
Even as my chapter packet is being built I build a packet of my own ... 
Epiphany - in the army if you smoke from a pipe it's probably considered pot . Can't you just enjoy a good ol ' tobacco pipe anymore ? 
Just for te record I don't agree with leadership calling a soldier both a liar and a thief when said soldiers grandfather is in intensive care ... 
Ugh , need to have a night where I can just escape all the realities of this world ... Just not cool ... 
If there is a greater power out there I feel like I'm being told something right now ... The only question is what does the sign mean ... 
\How could he do something so nice and then say something so mean ? \ " ... \ " It's because he's insane ... \"" 
Oh , sorry . I was looking for cleaning supplies , and I , um , got lost ... 
Three days of the field ... They call me Rambo , but you can call me Mr. Squirrelly Wrath ... Or just Wrath , it's whatever . 
So yea , when 1/5th of the company is being sent back to the ER from this little field experience within the first 12 hours something just might be getting done wrong ... By the time they finally got me back to the ER my temp had dropped down to 99.5 ... 
I hate this life ... Fight for your country , put the mission first , try to do everything you can and they say we're kicking you out for patterns of misconduct ... Is this really what I deserve , is this really the level I have sunk down to ? I honestly don't know anymore ... 
Is feeling inspired and says to hell with all of you ! This is who I am and you can either accept me or get the hell out of my life ! I am tired of living the double standard ! 
If you and I woke up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words ... What would you say to me ? 
Has somehow found contentment in this life ; if only temporary I am thankful for this much . Want for nothing as it shall be provided ... 
Done ! Beat me and abuse me but I don't even care anymore ... 
Piecing together broken memories ... 
To sleep the with the peace of a thousand rotting corpses , that's the sleep I need tonight ... 
Not exactly the best sleep I ever had , but I woke up when I was supposed to and got to the right place in the right uniform ... 
Shaka laka we be friends forever ! 
Met the army standard so piss off , I'm doing me ! 
I am understanding and might , atop the chariot I accept the light but embrace the dark , both invincible and death , I risen to ethereal yet remember from whence I came ... This is what I < PROPFEMALE > always as a wolf howls at the < PROPFEMALE > ; with a pack strong but even alone always protective ... 
Somewhere out there is my if we ever meet again ... 
Occassionally things do go right , free dinner at sonic - awesome ! 
Beloved - one most cherished and adored , Loveless - one without love . We are all one and the other . You may mean the entire world to someone and nothing at all to another . Always speak the truth for you never know who may be listening or whom it may touch ... 
Made it to kileen , part one and first tank of gas empty ... 
Safe and sound , at least for now ... Good luck to the rest of Bravo taking leave or staying on rear ... 
Just kind of meh , why do all my friends live everywhere else ?!?! 
I may not know what's in this cookie , because I found it on the floor , but I'm going to eat it anyways ! 
Is doing the funny thing with my left eye right now that I do sometimes ... 
My chic fly , my chic hood , my chic do $h1t that your chic with she could ... Now all I need is a chic ... 
Thanks to my bro is now using germ-x as hair gel ... 
Break me off , show me what you got , cause I don't want a one minute man ... 
Ha , google maps , ha ! 17:50 , more like 15:50 to me ! 
Tired of emotions , make them go away along with humanity ... I want no part ... 
Somehow feels like extra weight on the boulders of those most cared about ... I'm sorry to those of you and you know who you are ... 
Thankful for protection of the earth , no shiners on this < PROPFEMALE > skin ... 
Is annoyed by people who try to drink but aren't very good at it ... 
Why does my love happen for those I know I can't have ? 
Almost done with my 1/5th and sitting alone ... Ran out of tea ... What do you think ? 
I drank till I stumbled , I loved till I fell , when the drunk part was over love hurt me like hell , now I know about drinking and one thing is true , being drunk's alot like loving you ... Sometimes o still get drunk loving you ... - < PROPMALE > Chesney 
Loves home cooked food ... Yes ! 
Looking for love in all the wrong places ... 
A glass of milk at 2 in the AM , that sure hits the spot after a night of listening to yelling and sharing the bed with 3 other dogs ... 
After biscuits and sausauge gravy my expected outcome for the day is hazy , like the glaze in my eyes right now ... 
Hates waking up from siesta with a pounding heart ... 
30h ! 3 ft . Ke$ha - My First Kiss , story of my life even after the army taught me EO ... 
Count of the bucket-list checks :\ 
cross-country road trip - check\ 
( with no auto incidence or tickets - check and check)\ 
see a red , white , and blue VW bug all in the same trip - check\ 
race the night and/or < PROPFEMALE > across an entire state and win - check and check 
Wishes the ability to sing was a gift given me ... There's always the shower and the car ! 
Wishes I owned a sound board to mix my own stuff , thinking about going to college for music production and digital design ... 
Doing relatively well on this leave , feels like I've had nothing but water compared to normal ... For those of you who know what I mean , I feel like there's something wrong with me ... 
So I think I'm in love with < PROPFEMALE>'s hair from Paramore , and I'm debating on making waffles ... 
Waffles done ! Go me ! 
Really needs to quit two of my three worst , and most expensive , habits ; probably not the combination you're thinking of either ... 
Secret agent man ! < PROPFEMALE > Protocol is the shizne ! 
Fails to understand how androgony with a touch of a < PROPFEMALE > towards feminine equals gay ... All that means is knowledge of how to bring joy ... 
It's always fun when missionaries come to visit my house , entertaining in any case ... 
Feels like one of me teeth is Miving in towards my throat and it hurts !!! 
Wow ... Actually doesn't sound that ba though ... 
So you ever get that feeling where you know exactly what you want , but few of your loved ones would understand or agree ... Yea ... Meh , it's just another day in the life of ... 
Absolute faith rewards absolutely ; be it family , comrade , or what have you this is an important lesson to learn ... 
About to watch A-Team , and I want to watch karate kid ... :( 
So the lady at walmart thought my mother was my wife ... Epic fail ! 
I guess some people are just born with tragedy in their blood ... 
Just got back and already dying from exposure to fort puke ... 
Kind of meh right now , need something to do after work besides barracks rat ... 
All faith in my leadership is gone , trust has been gone , what little respect I have is for rank not these people ... If I'm subhuman what's the point in keep on keeping on ? 
Hige misses his friends ... * ominous howl onto the crisp night breeze * 
Sobi just realized in falling into the family trap , darn these genes ! 
Doesn't like how officers just randomly show up , in civilian attire , at the barracks unannounced ... 
The dark cold of death shall embrace me soon , I pray for it ... 
About to be on hour 17 of this duty day , much less how long I've been awake , and still have to be at work at 2000 ... Also , I'm working 4th of July weekend ... Meh ... 
Bursted blood vessels in my ear , possibly more to follow ... Got to love pugils ... 
Chillin with friends doing the BBQ thing , ear still ringing ... 
Meds and running don't mix very well , fml ... 
UAS vs B Co . - UAS victory ! 
Looking back on my medical : my blood pressure is higher , vision worse , and my weight is higher ... Thank you army ... 
10:29 and I wish the best to all of you but this life isn't worth living to me . Farewell and best wishes to you all ... 
Meh ... By whatever nickname you call me ... All I can say is meh .... fml .... 
where the girls come easy and the drugs come cheap ... Hey hey I'm gonna be a rockstar . 
I don't know how to go on , with all this love just begging to run , I never knew I could feel this way , to truly smile even when it rains , but your voice it lifts me high , even knowing the end is nigh , to see your face with such a lovely light , to my face will always bring a smile ... 
Looking to my left and right , amazed at friends somehow left behind , a few to the the front and more to the rear , true heart is hard to hear , I thank you all so great and small , so many great frends both short and tall ... Happy 4th everybody . 
You know those ideas that have the potential to end badly ... Yea ... My family with half a grand of fireworks ... That's one for sure ... 
All morning in a motorpool , not even mine , yay for boredom ... 
So according to my mail I'm a corporal ... 
Woke up late , showed up in the wrong uniform , it's going to be one of those days ... Fml ... 
You know what I miss , I miss Disney back when it was actually made for the family ... back when they actually had morals and didn't become totalitarian overlords ... 
Love is something that all dream and hope for , some find it but for the rest of us ... Meh ... Fml 
Day two of the field problem , I hate this place ... 
Thanks everybody , you have no idea how much a nice cool drink would help me out right now ... No alcahol in the field ... Fml 
May there be some small solace in one day closer to freedom and ever closer to finding love in this heart ... 
Back in civilization , once released it's to that six pack I've been waiting on 
My first drunken night legal , at many more come to pass ... Or a few depending on how you look at it ... 
Back to regular Functionality there are some advantages to the rear ... 
Finds difficulty in being happy for good friends while remaining alone on my end , mayb one day but hopefully not too soon ... 
If you're not there in the worst of times why would I want you in the best ? A good friend is not noted by The celebrations but the times of need . If you're offended by this remove me as a friend and move the hell along because I don't want you as a friend ... 
Well now I'm up , I hate the sun . It burns ! It burns ! 
I am tired of trying , either embrace me for what I am or leave me the hell alone . If I am not good enough for your life then you can burn in the pit of hades and I will find enjoyment in your pain ... 
I am beta , I have the marks ... I am not worth the struggle but I'm still worth the fight . You can judge me and you can say I'm not fit but what I do know is that I do what I can ... Beta is not bad but a natural piece so let me be or face my fangs because at this point I will bite and enjoy the taste of blood ... 
Straight up fuck you all PVT thru general fuck you ! I ain't worth the time then you done deserve my time then fuck you too ! I am what I am love or hate it so burn in he'll if you have a disagreement with what I have to say , if not burn in hell you Souless bitch . So just piss off ! 
Now remembers why I liked watching wrestling growing up ... 
I give in , at the ephiphany Ive had tonight ... Even in my relatisionship life I have a P.A.C.E. Plan ... 
What's it like to hear every word but not able to make a sound ... All alone in every crowd ... I'm not that great but I understand this , I life alone isn't worth living ... 
\I'm doing me ... I'm living life right now ... \ " that's how I like it to be ! " 
I think it's finally time to take my own advice , time to not compromise , and time to quit hurting myself over things I can't control ... It won't be easy nor will it happen fast but I'm on that road now , and that's more then I could say last night ... 
So I have an auditory brainstem response test scheduled for the 30th , didn't know my hearing was THAT bad ... 
To the east , no sun there ; to the west , just a hint of light . Walking a set path completely without fear . I can do this all mine own , and will until the day I find you . 
\don't let me get me\ " - Pink\ 
Have come to the conclusion that the civilians at TASC are here for the sole purpose of maintaining the line so soldiers don't beat the crap out of each other ... As a side bar - out of three days nobody has hurt themself yet , thus very boring waiting in line ... 
Another rainy day afternoon ... 
It's the weekend so guess what I'm doing tonight ... 
When a family is paying $300 for glasses , while carrying two forms of insurance ( one specifically for vision concerns ) , there's something wrong with \Obama Care \"" 
Damn dirty cute cops , guess I do take after momma 
If my phone can still have brightness all the way down it's too freaking early to be awake ! 
Ugh , half my face is numb ... I hate dental ... 
Really long day , jus now getting off ... 
Actually had a pretty good day today ... 
So during the urinalysis this morning the cadet actually tried to make sense of what I was saying , abruptly chief broke in \let me explain to you about Roberts ... \ " sometimes I like being me lol " 
Looking at myself in the mirror , not sure if I like it . Maybe it's time to do some other fixes besides just putting down the bottle . Next in line is to cut back smokes and actually get a workout routine : lookout world Roberts is getting rid of the \winter coat\ " and bringing sexy back ... " 
Men with rubber gloves sticking their hands down your throat is definetly not sexy . Dental , fml ... 
As per usual my plans got all jacked up ... 
Not sure what's wrong , but know this isn't right ... Fml ... 
ATTENTION : If you love me than you will love me regardless . I am borderline trans-gendered and have been struggling with depression and alcohol . Either you accept me as who and what I am or you can get the hell out of my life . If you want me as a friend think of me in the good times AT LEAST as much as you do in the bad . If not you're not worth my time or the effort and you too can get the hell out of my life . 
Dreams about a zombie apocalypse where I'm with my brother and Cam trying to get to safety , yea ... good stuff other than fighting for survival ... 
Karaoke Revolution , I'm not good but it's fun as hell ! 
Of all the things out there to spend my money on ; now I own my out guitar and my goal is to know how to actually play before coming back from Afghanistan ... 
Yummy sandwich with rabbit food salad for lunch , overall not too bad if I can keep it down ... 
A couple chords and scale exercises later I am still working on building my calluses ... 
There went first vomit of the day , hashbowns . Not nearly as good coming back up , fml ... 
HAHA ! Even if it sucks I can kind of play the final fantasy fanfare now . I win ! 
Oye ve , I really could use some companionship ... Anybody care to hook me up ? 
Now I've added < PROPFEMALE>'s Lullaby to my collection of things easy enough for Roberts to play ... 
So apparently my ass is fun , one of my NCO's put a sticker on my lower back saying \The fun starts here\ " with an arrow pointing down . " 
Had one of those emotional chic moments at work today , completely broke down with the tears and everything ... Fml ... 
To feel sexy in nothing but a button up ... That would be so nice ... 
Despite the heat , watching a sunrise can be kind of comforting ... 
Drink of the month - Cossack Charge\ 
1 1/2 oz . Vodka\ 
1/2 oz . < PROPFEMALE > Brandy\ 
1/2 oz . Cognac\ 
\ 
Determined by mr because I said so ! 
To want something so bad and know you can't have it , to see that in someone else so unsure about it , if this is < PROPFEMALE > fml ... 
Love , love , love ... All you need is love ... 
Deep fried beer at the Texas state fair a big success , man it's good to be Texan ! 
Time for Cossack charges ! 
Every girl deserves to be pretty every once in a while ... Even a girl like me ... FML ... 
What I learned in a mental institute : if I eat a cookie I'll die fat of a stroke and young because of blood pressure and being single ... 
I guess according to some I'm a magician and/or a wizard for being able to drink a whole mess and still read negative on alcohol content ... 
Don't know what ya ' heard about me , no Cadillac no perms you can't see ... 
You got to be tough when consumed by < PROPFEMALE > , ' cause it's not enough just to stand outside of the fire ... Life is not tried it is merely survived if you're standing outside the fire ... 
Feels like a rum night , now to find some tiki torches for the barracks ! 
DUI's not a problem when you can drink all might and read 0% on a blood test ... I'm untouchable and a goddess in my own right ! 
Ready to get out of the army , then I can be fabulous 
It brightens my day to see someone as accomplished as Lady Gaga support repealing DADT at the VMA's! It's wrong in a country founded on equality for so many people be deemed \unfit for duty\ " in the military ... " 
Oh joy I get to pull guard tonight/morning ... Fml messing with my < PROPFEMALE > night ... 
Feeling slightly homicidal , f * te army ! 
I may just be retarded but I can't wrap my head around how it could possibly be right to give one soldier 8 hours of recovery after a 170 0-0 100 guard shift but only 4 hours to a 010 0-0 900 ... Maybe I'm just missing something though ... 
Sometimes you gotta ' let go ... 
Just ordered pizza for lunch/breakfast , go me ! 
\The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return ... \ " Moulin Rouge " 
I get by with a little help from my friends ... get by with a little help from my friends ... ' Across the Universe ' 
When you can't walk you crawl , and when you can't do that you find somebody to < PROPFEMALE > you ... 
Darn 12's should have gone with the 10's after all ... 
I think someone is trying to say something when the total for my lunch is $6.66 ... Just saying , fml ... 
So I got counseled this morning saying they're recommending UCMJ , go figure ... 
Another document for MY packet typed up , time to start on that next check < PROPFIRST > on the to-do list ... 
Some nights I think it would've been better for me to've been hit while I was in Iraq ... 
So it looks like I'll be pulling an all nighter apparently ... 
Grrr , really would like to start collecting my sworn statements ... 
Ugh , wake up to rain and have to START work at midnight when everyone else gets tomorrow off ... FML ... 
Too much month at the end of the money ... 
Come to find out they can replace others on this detail ; however , I just simply don't deserve to get replaced ... OH YEA ! The detail also got pushed to getting STARTED at 0400 on a training holiday and minimum staffing . FML 
So that 0400 got pushed back to 0715 , and now it's pushed to 1230 ... They are about to have a real reason to f*ing worry about Roberts ... 
And now it's been pushed back to 1900 
0300 now , hopefully I'll actually get relief 
And naturally in 18 minutes 1SG can come to the conclusion that out of a company element not a single person can relieve me ... That's magic if she can communicate that quickly ... 
I'll be damned if being \ on call makes mr forget it's the weekend ... " 
Always the one to play with never the one matter ... 
When one wants to love but can't for lack of want ... 
Because I'm just not as interested ... 
Still working , I hate this shit ... 
Got back to post at about 1030 just to get told I have to be back at work at 0700 , just now getting out of the shower with what feels like a migraine . At this point I might as well just take off so I at least deserve hours like this ! 
Still working on a Sunday afternoon , and they wonder why I bitch and get an attitude ... 
Feels at an all time low ... 
A night of belvedere may not make it better , but it helps ... 
Keeps waking from a nightmare where I'm running and trying to hide just to keep my soul ... Not a comforting thought nor does it help any with paranoia ... 
The trick is not to know where you're going but where you've already been ... 
Is it a bad thing when someone tells you to piss off when you say you only have eight months left , then they feel sorry for you when they find out you've been in Louisiana almost three years ... 
Massive headache , no dinner , no booze , no money ... Another average day waiting on the money to hit the bank ... 
A relaxing evening of Aion , not all that bad ... 
Egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast , yummy 
Practicing with my 12 gauge . Yep , I still got it ... 
Everyone has dreams , the only thing that keeps them that way are ourselves . Reach out for the < PROPFEMALE > and quit gazing at the stars ... 
The past we can never change , the future is beyond our grasp , but the present - it is a gift and thus named as such . Enjoy what you have , don't take it for granted , and live each moment like it's your last because it very well may be . 
Wishing I could actually be in the states for Halloween ... 
You know those days when you feel all alone even when you're with friends ... Yea ... Fml ... 
Those thoughts in the back of your head , where hell would be a gift , where death is a release , yea , this shit ain't worth it , if this is it life ain't worth living , relationships that end because I can't be trusted , friendships that end because they cant trust me , this isn't living but surviving and I refuse to simply survive anymore . Good night sweet world . May you one day know love ... 
One day I'll be happy , one day I'll find that someone , one day I won't be alone . Until then I drink to you and I enjoy life to the best that I can .. Thanks to those of you who care , and those if I only had a < PROPMALE > ... 
there are nights when my drunken stupor are bad , but there are also nights where I feel I actually help others . Thank you . those nights make me feel pretty good ... 
The world will always knock us down , but it's your choice to stay there or get back up . 
If all I'm doing is sitting around drinking beer I might as well kill a chicken ... 
When people tell you it's too early to drink , that'd be when it's past drinking time ... 
I'm like a drug , may not be good for you but everybody is an addict ... 
To good times and to good people , may those of us that leave come back successful and the ones staying back have the strength to wait . 
From Easy A - I was gay once , it's perfectly normal . I think everybody is at one point or another ... 
When you have dreams/nightmares that end in a pistol round to the face from a family member and you wake up thinking on how probably 98% of your dreams are replaced with your own fictional and/or delusional ones ACCORDING TO your family ... People have the nerve to wonder why I hate sobriety so much ... 
Traveling Soldier ... I thank you and you know who you are ... 
Other people get ready for deployment by packing laptops and calling family ... I drink two monsters and pull out my lightsaber ; yes , I am Roberts ! 
Back in TX and it feels so good , and for UAV guys I'm still not in the hospital ! 
Just got back to post and realized how many monitors I have ... 
Oh joy , reverse srp ! 
This post is dead , I miss my homies ! 
CIF , hearing , lunch , then ACAP ... At least that's the plan ... 
Just want to smash my laptop from the third story balcony ! 
I miss my friend ... Life alone ain't no fun ... 
De-molding barracks rooms 
Being coerced into haircut , on the bright side maybe one or two more before I get that promotion to P.F.C. 
Is so excited , 37 days before terminal ! That's right - almost outta this dump ! 
I don't feel like a tiger , are you sure I'm not just a vicious ass panda bear ? 
So according to my friends I'm a diva ... 
All I know is it's good to be out for a good night ! 
Morning ( afternoon ) after and not too bad ... 
Don't be a drag just be a < PROPFEMALE > ... cause you were born this way ! 
We have a dog that thinks it's a cat , cat thinks it's a dog , chickens that think they're ducks , and ducks that think they're dogs ... is anything normal around this place ? 
Got the tv done , now grab my stuff and head back 
Rawr rawr rawr , rawr rawr , rawr ... 
Miss you < PROPMALE > , your pic is still my background . One day we'll party again ... 
Party like a rockstar , hit a bunch of strip bars , wake up naked in a hotel room ! ~ good enough for me ... 
Finally done with leaves for today ... 
I want to bang my < PROPFEMALE > , I want to bang her up against the wall ! - college musical - YouTube my minions an coconspirators ! 
How professional am I for smoking ? How professional is an E-6 to say shit while joes are working in the damn rain ? - so sick of this shit and just waiting to gtf out ! 
You say gay , I say and\ 
You say emotional , I say at least I know mine\ 
Bitch , damn right\ 
Crazy , but fun\ 
Wreck , it happens\ 
Retarded , de de dee\ 
Roberts , righto pip ... \ 
The only thing keeping me down is me , and I'm starting to think it's about time to turn things around . It's amazing what a good cry can do ... 
Was scared , but better now though I do feel kind of like a creep ... 
I'm ETS'ing , but these people who are PROUD to be getting chaptered out without a deployment ... Unless it's medical BECAUSE of the army they don't deserve anything but dishonorable ... 
Out of four and a half pages I'm missing around 25 items , not too bad considering I have 2 black fleeces black fleece bottom and a rucksack that are mine outright 
Suckered into BN staff duty for the night ; meh , at least I can get out of BDE clean up tomorrow ! 
So apparently I look like a military spouse , the husband ! 
Homemade oatmeal for breakfast , made by me , was not all that bad . But then it was confirmed last night that I'm a homebody by a vacuum of all things ! 
Dear Army , \ 
In my time with you I have weeded , mowed , weed-eated , raked , hedged , moved dirt , etc ... \ 
Just want to say at least now I'm almost guaranteed a job in landscaping . \ 
With much annoyance , < PROPFIRST > 
To all you military singles/divorcees , \ 
You'd be lucky to have a wife like me ; breakfast , coffee , and clean dishes . Plus I can work a vacuum ! 
Biscuits & sausage gravy for breakfast , yummy ! 
So I get to drive the < PROPFIRST > today ! 
Rather a silly girl with a flower than a silly boy with a horse and a stick ... \ 
It's called a < PROPMALE > , helloooo ! 
Almost out of groceries but a good breakfast is the most important meal of the day ! 
Mood swings , cramps , cravings , and now morning sickness ... Starting to think I really am prego ... 
Just when I thought the nightmares had stopped ... 
Beautiful day after a questionable night ... I may be bad , but I'm so good at it ! 
There's just something great about free sushi/sashimi ... I love being me sometimes ! 
Not a bad night , a few new scratchmarks ... 
If all is right in the world why do I feel broken and shaken like a rag-doll ? \ 
If all is good then where the he'll have I been ? \ 
There are some of you out there whom I absolutely adore and love to death ... \ 
Everyone else this is for you , \ 
Go die in a blazing < PROPFEMALE > in the arctic that ends in the bottom of a large body of water while having a heart-attack and choking on a peanut ... \ 
That is all ... 
The whole world is a stage and I'm just squirrel trying to get a nut ; I may look cute but grab my tail and I'll f@$ ! you up ! 
So apparently it's ok to be gay so long as you don't mind being permanently single , not falling under equal opportunity , and can care for your partner without any help from the military ... \ 
Might just be me but if you're going to do something shouldn't you do it all instead of just half-@$$1N9 it ? 
Every girl deserves to be pretty at least once ... 
The reason why ... \ 
It's because I love them , I love being with them , taking care of them , and being taken care of by them ... \ 
The reason why is also because they scare me , I know a truly assertive could break me physically , mentally , and emotionally ... \ 
The reason why is because what I love is truly my greatest fear ... 
The thing about the rodeo is this : last 8 seconds and you're good , but the bull doesn't stop ... 
So I've come to the conclusion that relationships are just like parasites : it's the symbiotic , where both parties benefit , ones that are worth keeping around ... 
This life has taught me one thing : fuck humanity , fuck your < PROPFEMALE > , fuck you . I pray you feel half the pain i feel ... 
I give up on humanity and only pray you feel half the pain I feel ... 
is no longer pissed at the world , but instead suffering from dehydration and a massive headache ... 
So in guy mode for nothing ... 
Toast and gravy for dinner ... Numnumnumnumnum 
Another day down , 12 more till terminal ... 
Girls in chain-mail looking amazingly like amazons ... Ah me ... 
Me : is it good when it comes out like orange Gatorade ? \ 
Medic : Can be , depends on what medicine you're on . \ 
Me : But I'm not on meds right now ... 0_o\ 
Just got to love urinalysis early in the morning ... 
So according to mental I have two new diagnosis : bipolar , and borderline personality . According to her my whole concept of self image is just because I have a disorder ... 
Days like this fucking remind me why the hell I don't wear the fucking combat patch for this unit . Over a fucking month they've been sitting on my damn terminal leave packet . Fuck these amazingly retarded mother fuckers ! 
Feels like Jeopardy and I'm just waiting on the buzzer ... 
Overall a good night but it's times like these I wish I could ... 
Lazy day Sunday afternoon ... 
There are some people in this world who deserve : to get train raped by at-least six guys , beaten to a pulp , blasted with 12 gauge rock-salt slugs straight to the skin , lynched on a muddy road filled with gravel , lashed to a pole wrapped in barbed-wire , and left in the sun to dehydrate until passing on to the hell that they belong in ... Just saying ... 
Still don't have my paperwork to clear , but they don't understand once it's signed I'm TAKING my leave starting Saturday ... 
Finally got my leave paperwork , basically three days to clear . Can we do it ? 
Life is so much better after my coffee with a cigarette : for my Washington girls I blame you ! Side note - I miss coffee decent enough to drink and friends good enough to drink it with ... 
Just hoping my gut is wrong on this one ... 
