the computer monitor is keeping my feet warm :D 

drawing the digestive system is making me hungry . maybe i will go catabolize some monosaccharides . 
i typerd this b\\\\szwith my left vfooot11111111111111111 
should NOT have taken nyquil this morning !! 
my dad and i just ate an entire family size box of ritz crackers by ourselves in 2 hours . mad . skill . 
omg , guess what i just realized : lofty is so obsessed with hitler and communism , he moved the ap history test until tuesday . but , ap world history is all sophomores . meaning we'll be taking the exit exam on tuesday and wednesday . meaning the test wont be until thursday !! :D 
went on a walk with my family . they're all dressed normally , and then there's me , with my boxers , holey t shirt , flip flops and ... blue fuzzy ankle socks :) 
leave it to me to almost burn down my house while trying to make an egg . 
so i turned on my music and it came on really loud and scared my bird , who flew through my stack of around 500 history cards , spreading them all over my desk and floor . they were in alphabetical order . ha , my life . :P 
i'm pretty sure my brain is like one of those viruses that mutates to resist medicine ... except it's mutated to resist a.p. history information . 
i love how chapstick survives anything :) like the washing machine . 
the definition of adorable : when you open your curtains , and find your little sister sitting on your deck , reading to your cat , who is asleep . 
officially a < PROPMALE > :) next year is going to be BA !! 
just saw the eighty year-old version of myself in the grocery store ! 
the best part of summer ?? all of the best fruit is in season :D 
found a scorpion in my shower this morning . it was a very traumatic experience haha i'll post a picture of it later . 
sleeping on the trampoline under the stars :)) 
never mess with tired , caffinated twilight fans . scary stuff right there . 
free root beer floats at citizens bank today !! 
going to berkeley today :D i shall see/talk to you all en dos semanas :) 
It makes it difficult to go places with an entire campus of people playing assassin . . . 
Okay bad idea to have the engineering kids and the medicine kids in the same room for a party . It WILL end in a dance off . 
introduced my great-grandmother to oreo ice cream and the office :) 
Free snow cones at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > today ! 
happy NSLC monthiversary :') 
finished my book , finished my homework , made ice cream , spent time with my sister . enjoying the last week of summer :) 
Don't drink and drive a shopping cart . 
my goal for today : to get my dad on the zipper :) 
0- Chamber Choir , Baggett\ 
1- English 3H , Cartan\ 
2- Chemistry , McDowell\ 
3- Intro Calculus X , Baker\ 
4/5- Choir/lunch , Baggett\ 
6- APUSH , Dodson\ 
7- Spanish 2 , Seña 
having a religious debate on facebook ... what a perfect way to start off the school year :) lol 
the sky is so pretty today !! 
dear Conor Oberst , \ 
marry me . \ 
sincerely , < PROPFIRST > . 
so , I now have a band aid tan in the shape of a crayon on my arm . awesome . 
pretzels and nutella , uno , and < PROPFEMALE > Wars marathon ! I love Saturday family nights :D 
umm , call me a nerd but I love graphing polynomial functions :) they're so pretty . and tomorrow is hug a vegetarian day ... I expect muchos abrazos ! 
made brownies last night . I walk into the kitchen this afternoon , and all four of the corners have been eaten , but the rest of the pan is perfectly in tact . I love my family :) 
going to watch the Whitman/Brown debate ... this should be interesting . talk to you guys later ! 
umm , guys ? fyi , 10.10.10 will happen in 100 years , not 1000 . 
getting my teenage mutant ninja turtle Halloween costume together :D 
singing the national anthem at the volleyball game tonight .... eep :/ 
finally home :) 
went outside for like 2 minutes to get some < PROPMALE > from the garden and came back totally soaked . the only thing that could make this weather any more amazing is if there was thunder and lightning :) 
you know you're a choir nerd when . . . 
\we have a baritone energy problem . \ " - Mr. Baggett " 
everyone[who is of legal age ] exercise their right to vote today !!! 
I guess money doesn't buy brains . Sorry , Meg . \ 
:) 
you know you've been watching < PROPMALE > Potter for 13 hours when . . . you read everything in a British accent . and you're paranoid to walk into dark rooms . 
my sister and I just finished our poems to < PROPFEMALE > :) 
whoever came up with the idea to have choir and band share an office needs some serious help . stupid freaking band desk lady D:< 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 ) something \ 
I've learned by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) the color you \ 
remind me of . 3 ) my first memory of you . 4 ) the animal you remind me of . \ 
5 ) ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 ) my favorite thing \ 
about you . 7 ) give you a nickname . 8 ) post this . 
to the 578425 people that liked my status that I haven't gotten to yet : It's late . I'm tired . I have chamber choir tomorrow morning . and a huge math test that I need to study for . so I will get to you tomorrow ... don't panic :) 
woah , hello snow . goodbye plans . 
Finally has electricity !! 
going to the opera :D 
here's to 389 years of backstabbing , imperialism and ethnocentrism . gobble gobble ! 
just played The Game of Life with my sister , and ended up needing an entire other car for my nine children and my husband and me . I seriously hope I never become that fertile in my life . 
\he's soooo cute ... and a mugician . \ " \ 
Chamber Breakfast tomorrow . . . or sleep in ? 
the Tylenol must be making me crazy ... I'm actually going to Chamber breakfast tomorrow morning . 
wrapping Christmas presents , listening to Bon Iver and eating pirates booty . life & hearts ; 
my finger was smashed in a car door today ... luckily , I was already on my way to the hospital . and I don't have to worry about writing for two weeks :) yay for winter break !! 
my deep thought of the day : it's sad when school hinders you from doing things you love , like painting or composing music or pleasure reading . what is life for if you can't do the things you love for fear of failure ? I've decided I'm not going to study for finals over break . It will be spent painting , composing music and pleasure reading . and anything else that comes to mind . oooh .. sleep ! what a concept . 
well , tonight was very ... interesting . 
< PROPFEMALE > IS COMING HOME TONIGHT !!! :DD 
day 3 of being a vegan :) super energized . natural high . 
Dear everyone , \ 
please sign up for AP Statistics so it can actually be a class next year . thank you in advance . 
jeg er altfor lei for den dag å være onsdag ... og går glipp camp norge , så jeg besluttet å skrive i norske :D 
club soda . not seals . 
taking little miss < PROPFEMALE > to see Seussical tonight (: 
briar patch is way more fun than math class ... 
yay for Egypt !! and Fridays ! (: 
dear school , next time you cancel because of . 00005 inches of snow could you please call BEFORE I wake up , take a shower and drive all the way to chamber choir ? kthanks . going back to sleep now . 
I've decided to learn Greek over the break , so by the time I go in April I'll be somewhat almost fluent ! hopefully . 
stayed up all night reading , woke up with the light on and a book in my lap and picked up where I left off . Breaks and books are so wonderful :) 
\Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy . \ " ~ Ludwig < PROPFIRST > Beethoven " 
making protest signs :) I can't wait for Saturday !!! 
Today marks year 8 of the Iraq war . Many of you don’t think the war on “terror” affects you , but I ask you to take a moment to think about the soldiers and civilians fighting and dying on both sides . I’ll be thinking of them and each of you as I protest the corruption and lies covering up an imperialistic war in which thousands of innocent lives are taken and trillions of dollars spent . Peace be with everyone . 
14 days until prom , 19 days until Greece , 77 days until summer , and 0 days until my life becomes perfect :) :) 
yes , I can see a lot of life in you . and I think the dress looks nice on you . 
