Whoa . o.o Thanks so much , you guys . I feel so special . ^ 3^ -Dances merrily- I'm eighteen ! Lalalala ... 

Misses hating piping hot summers . 
Was at Best Buy with < PROPFEMALE > and Brandon(but forgot her password ) . 
On her sexy new laptop !! ;D 
has a new appreciation for socks and thongs ... 
feels mentally paralyzed . 
Is drawing all her Rawr friends(and will hopefully actually finish this one) ! 
Grey's Anatomy ! ^ ^ ( Rerun ... ) 
helplessly watches while her Dodgers gnaws on and essentially jacks her only good eraser ... 
FREEDOM 
Got to explore an old old perhaps haunted house last night ! 
I has a boner !!! 
RIP , six little ducklings ... : C 
Wants to marry her wifey ... not Mowry's . xD 
Went to see Where The Wild Things Are . It was amazing !! 
Looks like a pumpkin without holiday spirit . xD Beat that ! 
My stomach was making the rumblies that only hands could satisfy . 
Weeee ! Limpage . 
\That bastard cupid in a typically sinister gesture Dipped his arrow of love into a most poisonous mixture The magic witches brew turned into a potion of pain Speak to me of love and I’d put my fist in your face If my respect were not so great . \"" 
Wow ... the sky's so beautiful tonight ; it's so clear and calm . My neck hurts from staring up at the stars for so long . And there meteor shower appears to still be going on a little bit . 
Has yet another Comp essay to push on through . Weeee ... 
We are all steak . 
New < PROPFEMALE > was actually a lot better than Twilight . I enjoyed it . ^ ^ 
Popped the biggest soap bubble she could find and wished for all bubbles to be rainbow colored . Then realized that the rainbow color came from chemicals ... Be careful what you wish for . 
\Kamikaze airplanes in the sky Are we going down or will we fly ? This could be a shipwreck on the shore Or we could sail away forevermore This time it's sink or swim . \"" 
A recent scientific study found that women find different male faces attractive depending on where they are in their menstrual cycle . For example : when a woman is ovulating she will prefer a man with rugged , masculine features . However , when she is menstruating , she prefers a man doused in petrol and set on fire , with scissors stuck in his eye and a cricket stump shoved up his backside . 
Gawd , it's gorgeous outside ! I vote we have a snowball war ! 
Is having hot cocoa and gummy bears for brunch . ^ ^ 
Coward . 
She's the kind of girl who looks for love in all the lonely places , the kind who comes to poker pockets stuffed with kings and aces . She's the kind of girl who only asks you over when its raining just to make you lie there catching water dripping from the ceiling . 
Had a super special awesome nap and now has absolutely nothing to do . ^ ^ ; 
Subway . Eat flesh . 
I smelled a smurf in my car because I can . ( Poor Voldy ) 
Had a good day of catching up on sleep and stuff . Now has nothing to do . 
This weekend's been really dead , I've noticed . Where'd everybody go ? 
Me tiiiiired ... 
RIP Cuddles ... you were absolutely the best . 
Wet and hard . 
America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this ! 
You whore ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . 
Tuuunaaaaa . 
You can occupy my every sigh . You can rent the space inside my mind . At least until the price becomes too high . 
You're awful . I love you ! 
These creatures are waking up in these dark trees . They're waiting like vultures , and eyes roll back turn white in time to feed . They salivate in hunger for you , and everything they need to make a death complete , completely unnatural . And salvation lies behind those dead eyes that watch you while you sleep every night . 
Clocks slay time ... time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels ; only when the clock stops does time come to life . - < PROPFIRST > Faulkner 
Has spyware all over again . Fuck ... Can it not put porn on my desktop this time ? 
\Everything that depends on the action of nature is by nature as good as it can be ... \ " -Aristotle " 
\I am ashamed of what I did for a Klondike bar ... \"" 
Fuck . My . Life . 
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is watching the last half of Lion < PROPMALE > backwards . 
Is giving her puppies baths . 
Bearing without possessing , Nurturing without taming , Shaping without forcing , This is < PROPFEMALE > . 
Accidentally pounced on the little gray hermit who lives on her bed . 
Chasin ' rabbits . 
\Asleep . They're all asleep ! But I am quite awake . \ " Stupid research paper ... " 
Nine pages down . Six to go ... Goodbye sleep . 
Fuck you and your untouchable face , and fuck you for existing in the first place . And who am I that I should be vying for your touch ? And who am I ? I bet you can't even tell me that much . 
\Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wholey " 
Poor Minx-Monster , poor < PROPFEMALE > , poor day . Yucky . > < 
Knowledge is realizing that the street is one-way , wisdom is looking both directions anyway . 
BABY CHICKIES !!! 
\I don't give a damn about you . No . Nothing can change my mind . No way . I'm happy just to let you walk away . Don't think about you at night . I'm happy to be alone . \ " -- Busted " 
Well this day's not looking too bright already . < PROPFEMALE>'s limping . : C 
Not getting this final draft done . No < PROPMALE > . Life hates me so much right now ... 
Just finished working on two paintings for about 2-3 hours in the shed . I don't think I've ever been so blind in my life walking back up to the house . Should have brought more than a cell phone for light . 
Light up , light up . As if you have a choice . Even if you cannot hear my voice , I'll be right beside you , dear . Louder , louder , and we'll run for our lives . I can hardly speak . I understand why you can't raise your voice to say . 
Last normal week of classes . I'm exhausted already . 
Maybe I'm just a viscious-ass koala bear . Did you ever investigate that ? 
Go to work , send your kids to school , follow fashion , act normal , walk on the pavement , watch TV , save for your old age , obey the law . \ 
Repeat after me : I am free . 
Just finished watching Grave of The Fireflies . Sad sad -- but good -- movie . 
Worst weekend ever . Period . 
New baby ferret ! Never going to replace good old < PROPMALE > , though ... 
I dreamed of living alone but fearless , secret longing to be courageous . Loneliness kept bottled up inside , just reveal your brave face , they'll never know you lied . 
Woot ! Found my iPod after probably well over a month of silent painting sessions . Twas depressing . Ahhh the benefits of cleaning up -- the things you re-find . 
Guess who just went swimming ! And it was awesome . I can't wait for beach weather . 
He who fights monsters should look into it that he himself does not \ 
become a monster . When you gaze long into the Abyss , the Abyss also \ 
gazes into you . \ 
-- Friedrich Nietzsche 
Cut my thumb open trying to take the protector off a < PROPMALE > razor . Now I'm not allowed to swim because I'll probably get an infection . I rock ... 
Got chomped on the finger by a feral kitten . At least he's cute . 
Bunch of new games to play ; bunch of new dvds to watch ... Summer just got a little more interesting . 
You guys all make me smile . Thanks so much ! 
Feels so loved . <33 
“To avoid criticism do nothing , say nothing , be nothing . ” -- \ 
\ 
< PROPMALE > Hubbard 
They finally did it ... Kittens chewed through my stilus string . 
\The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return . \"" 
Ewwww moth juices on my touchscreen . x.x 
Found a baby bird by the river and can't , for the life of herself , figure out what it is . It has a really weird looking beak ? 
Misses her Dragon . : C 
Oh . My . God . The Last Airbender sucked . Horribly . M . \ 
Night Shyamalan , officially ruins movies . 
FUUUUUCK !!! 
Who knows me best ? My full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Worst fear . Bestfriend and nickname . Copy this to your status to see who knowsyou best ;) 
Resentment is like taking poison and waiting for the other person to die . 
When you seek it , you cannot find it . Your hand cannot reach it , nor your mind exceed it . When you no longer seek it , It is always with you . 
Any woman who thinks the way to a man's heart is through his stomach is aiming about 10 inches too high . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > E . Gusoff 
He Who Must Not Be Named has been conquered by a blue pickup . : C 
