high school boys = old news 

Alright , Tron Legacy soundtrack ? Definitely a must have . Those were some of the sickest beats . 
only 37 more days left till summer break ! 
i've recently discovered mw2 ... its slightly addicting haha 
take a deep breathe and enjoy every second kid . you'll never get a second < PROPMALE > . give it all you got , don't stop , keep pushing . make it last , take it slow . this life is all you'e got . live it to the fullest in fear of things you may never know . 
hell yeah ! today legacy's concert and symphonic orchestra took straight one's at chssa ! ( for those of you that don't know , a score of one is equviliant to superior , it's the best score you can get ) 
on a side note .... andrew an .... you still owe me a dollar ! 
finally got shoes for prom ! friday night is going to be amazing :) 
< PROPFEMALE > splints suck and so does being sore and hurting and looking like a tomato when you're done running , but the muscles are totally worth it ;D 
Life is just .... bliss at the moment . :) It's amazing how the simplest things can make your entire day . 
It's amazing how the little things that someone else will say can make you smile . Life is simply bliss . :) 
Neighbors finally got the boat , which means I'll be learning how to wake board this summer . :) 
School is going to go by very slow tomorrow , I can already tell . 
On a happier note , the weekend is finally here , and it's going to be amazing . :) 
I've gotta feeling , that tonights gonna be a good night , that tonights gonna be a good good niigghht ! 
Watch out boys and girls , tonight I'll be tearing up the dance floor . :) 
Bucca di Beppo was delicious . Prom was pretty fun . Ihop ... I don't even know how to begin describing that . Overall : it was a good night :) 
A saturday night with just my cousin and I . Pure and simple fun . :) 
Which Wich time with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! Good thing it's not dark out , I'd hate to run into the GLP again . :P 
Just take a deep breath and jump , you'll be ok . :) 
I love nights like tonight when you can lay in bed and just listen to the rain pour down :) 
I love how the annoucements say , \All practices have been cancelled . \ " And then we have track practice ... outside . " 
would have to say that tonight probably qualifies as one of the top ten most boring nights of my life ... 
A dip in the pool and some ice cream is just what I needed after ACT , and < PROPFIRST > and I discovered who the GLP was . Good day :) 
does not really want to go to the track meet in Fort Collins saturday . 
It sucks when you have to look your little sister in the eye and tell her everything will be ok , when you have no idea of what's going to happen . 
I still really do not want to go to Fort Collins tomorrow . Stupid track . 
I'm tired of always having to understand just because I'm the oldest . But the meet went pretty well today . Our boys were hauling some serious butt ! It was intense , believe me . 
One down , two more to go :) 
* sigh * to be in elementary school again ... 
\Never seen something like this before . \ 
I think that god intentionally put thursdays right before fridays , just to mess with us . 
wants to see Ironman2 this weekend ! :O 
I honestly cannot remember the last time I slept in till 11:30 , but I hate it . It wastes half your day ! 
found out last night that \nakes asians\ " works as in answer for 99% of the questions in the game of things ... gooood times lol " 
\The time on the clock reads half past four . I'm wide awake and thinking with my pillow on the floor that maybe I'm just wasting my time dreaming in a harsh reality . \"" 
school was slow , track was fast ( aha get it ? just kidding ) , football camp was awesome can't wait for the season to start , and the AP chem test tomorrow ? bring it on . ;D 
three down and .... oh wait i'm finally done ;D 
\Well now I'm told that this is life and pain is just a simple compromise so we can get what we want out of it . Would someone care to classify 
Things are looking good and we've barely just begun . :) 
it's that realization that you actually like track and wish it wasn't over when you have nothing else to do besides go home and eat potato chips by yourself and get fat ... 
\Lose yourself in the music . \"" 
I find it disappointing when it's really hot out and all you can think about is the ice cream sitting in the fridge at home and how good it can taste and when you finally get home and open the fridge ... someone else has eaten it :( 
\Cause I've seen love die way too many times when it deserves to be alive . I've seen you cry way too many times when you deserve to be alive . \"" 
going to water world for uniform pick up pretty soon anyone going ?? 
I love it when a stroke of genius comes my way :) 
Why do people prefer to make things complicated ? 
I like how everyone gets tan during the summer and I just get about a million more freckles ... real cool . Not ! 
Celebrate the small victories in life . 
You make me smile :) 
I'm sorry I'm not perfect . 
gets to spend her birthday in south < PROPFEMALE > for her brother's soccer tournament . Gotta say I'm not happy , but apparently it doesn't matter . 
so broomstock was pretty chill :) time to shower and go partyy ! 
i agree with everyone else on here , what an AMAZING way to start the summer . Let's keep it goin please ;) 
I hate when there are no words to describe what you're feeling . 
\I want you to want me . I need to you to need me . I'd love you to love me . I'm beggin you to beg me . \"" 
Screw it . Play with fire , you're going to get burned anyway . 
\Tyring is planning to fail . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Michaels " 
It better warm up ha , or I'm going to freeze my butt off at Water World today . 
Woowww .... that's all I can say . 
late night swims ;) 
You're so confusing . I wouldn't mind going back to first grade when it was as simple as \do you like me ? check yes or no . \"" 
I thought this time would be different , but I guess you had other plans in mind . 
These longs days are really draining me . Sleepy time ? Yes please . 
party tonight . so stoked :) text it 
swimming . little caesars . cute boy . volleyball . annoying neighbors . drive in . < PROPFIRST > hood ( which we had no idea what was going on ) . shriek 4 . four and a half hours of sleep . and most importantly me amigos . perfect birthday party :) thanks you guys :) ( leaving tomorrow with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for the week , see ya colorado ;) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and I are gonna tear up rapid city today . Thank you to the four people who said happy birthday to me on here , much appriciated . 
is happy to finally be home :) 
is having mixed feelings about everything in general . 
call me a dork but I'm excited for the eclipse premire with my cousin and < PROPFEMALE > tonight . :) 
well that sucked . 
hmmm ... thinking about going to the drive in sometime soon ... anyone interested ? 
Sunrise and sunset ... about the only dang thing you can count on anymore . 
thanks a lot a-hole ... 
you know you're trying to get laid when you take your girlfriend to see twlight . 
ah the fourth ... got off work early , had pf changs for dinner ( fortune cookies can be dead on sometimes , who knew ? ) , and my three favorite people over for our illgeal fireworks display ... goooood times lol 
would like to go back to bed , stupid work . 
Sometimes I think I want what's not good for me , and most times I'm too blind to see the good things in front of my face . 
Spain all the way baby . 
whose ready for some monday night football ??? :D 
And just when I thought this day couldn't get any worse ... it did . 
really doesn't want to leave tomorrow for steamboat . text me ? i think so :) 
ok i've held out for as long as possible ... like this and blah blah blah you know the rest :) 
\Have you ever really danced on the edge ? \"" 
My new jam is double vision by 3oh ! 3 . This song is legit . 
doesn't want to go to work blah , but soccer should be fun tonight :) 
well that soccer game was intense ..... NOT . But having a single ? sign makes everything ten times better , especially when you have old men screaming \hell yeah . \"" 
off to buy a gallon of chocolate milk , text it :) 
I find the way to a boy's heart is to give him food . More specifically fatty foods . 
\I thought you were my < PROPFEMALE > and I was your wolverine . But it turns out you're the trickster aren't you ? And I'm just the fool that got played . \"" 
Apparently I need to meet some mormon boys haha . Good day :) 
Dear < PROPMALE > , thank you for making my day even better last night . Thank you even more for making it one of the worst days of my life , ten minutes later . Everythings changed now . Goodbye , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wow , everything really went in one ear and out the other . It's nice to know you take what I say so close to heart . Thanks for nothing . 
Dude . Good day :) 
People need to grow some balls . 
You can't have a new beginning , but you can have a new ending . 
glennwood springs , one of my favorite places to be 
You know , I don't think I'll ever be happy . Wherever I am , I'll wish I'm somewhere else . Whatever I have , I'll want something different . 
Anyone wanna dance in the rain with me ? 
no work today . hmmm what to do ?.. ;) 
Off work early . Thank Jesus for rain :) 
You scratch my back , and I'll scratch yours . 
Dinner for Schmucks = awesomeness :) 
turbo racer this morning ! thenn breakfast . work . and swimming after hours . hmmm , this is stacking up to be a good day ;D 
I am soooo tired . but yesterday was soooooo worth it :) 
Hmmm prom tonight . Should be fun :) 
Last night was epic . Who knew turkish boys could break it down ? 
You have to work with the cards fate deals you , but I gotta wonder why I keep getting such crappy cards . 
Going swimming with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > today at the world full of water ! :) 
\I live for the nights I can't remember with the friends that I won't forget . Spendin all the money I just worked my butt off for doing things that I won't regret . \ " -Thanks for a great summer guys . Make the last day count ;) " 
Senior pictures : check :) 
Bachorlette party tonight ! ( yeah I know it it's not spelled right stfu ) 
Wow , I just found out that I've been incorrectly pronouncing my last name for 17 years ... 
So I know what I want to do for my product ( for capstone ) though it may get tweaked but I'm not really sure how to make it into a persuasive essay ... awesome . 
Our boys better do us proud down in Florida :) 
And that's how our boys do it ;D 
It's hard to be happy for your friends when they're all going through such amazing things , and you're the one always left alone at home friday night ... 
Someday I'll wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > and wake up where the clouds are far behind me . \ 
Where troubles melt like lemon drops , away above the chimney tops . That's where you'll find me . 
I just wanna tell these girls to back up off my man ... calling dips makes it official right ? 
Gotta take a deep breathe and go for the plunge :) 
3-0 is just one killer game away . Let's go Lightning :) 
Anyone sore from ridin them ponies last night ? 
gonna go partyyy with < PROPFIRST > Sueeeee :) 
Someone should have said that life is losing the map with your car broke down on the side of the road and no cell service to call AAA . 
Whose ready to get down tonight ? ;) 
“First you take a drink , then the drink takes a drink , then the drink takes you . ” 
Senior quote : check :) 
We'll get ' em next week boys . 
You gotta fight for your right to parrrtttaayy ! 
So at this point it looks like I'll be spending my birthday on a lake again ... but this time I'm rather excited ;) 
I like it in dressing rooms ;) 
Same old situation , just different names . It's funny how things just never seem to change . 
Coffee and Cigarettes by Nevershoutnever <3 is exactly how it is right now . 
Graduation cannot come soon enough . I need to get the hell outta here asap . 
I seriously cannot find any shops in < PROPMALE > that sell graffiti supplies . I really just wanna punch my computer in the throat ( if it had one ) . 
Its days like this when all you need is your sketchbook and a cup of < PROPFIRST > :) 
I gotta say there's not a lot I'll miss about high school , but one thing for sure I'll miss football and especially this season more than anything . Thanks for a good season guys :) Go out there and kill it tomorrow night ! 
\Tell me all the things you never said . We can lie here and talk for hours in my bed . \ " \ 
Why do I always want what's not good for me ? 
Gotta love when your paper is due in ten minutes and you're still working on it . 
Some say the world will end in fire , some say in ice . 
It's been so long since I've seen her face . I'm starting to forget everything . Like her smile and her laugh . I miss you mom , I wish you would come home . 
So this boy ... yeah he pretty much makes me melt inside . Even if he doesn't know it ha 
With no one in your corner , what's there to fight for ? 
but things can't be perfect all the time , that I know . sometimes we just have to let some things go . 
\Tell me what you want to hear . Something that delights those ears . Sick of all the insincere . Gonna give all my secrets away . \"" 
I'm not cocky , just confident 
I'm not afraid to live . I'm not afraid to die . 
< PROPMALE > Potter 7 was awesome . Definitely better than the last two movies . 
Tonight was great . At one point senator bennet was three feet away from me and i met the kids that play draco malfoy and seamus finnigan in < PROPMALE > potter :) 
I'm lookin for a boy that's ready to come home with me . 
I'm getting tired of all the scholarships that want you describe how you've made a difference in the world . Umm I'm 17 ? Not the second coming of Jesus , sorry to disappoint . 
Now that we've had the turkey ... bring on christmas !! :) 
I want a hippopotamus for christmas . 
Break out the hot coco please :) 
I've never had my heart completely broken in two , but I hope someday it happens so I can say I knew what it was like to be loved by you . 
Contemplating getting dreadlocks hmmm ... 
Keep the bullshit to yourself babe . Theres no way in hell you have any room to talk . 
Like this if I should get dreadlocks over break . If you don't think I should , comment and tell me why . :) 
I hate how cowardly I can be . I can't even choke out a simple hello , and soon enough you'll be a memory . I know I'll regret this . I wish someone could help me :( 
Dear Tummy , \ 
Why must you become full of butterflies every time I see him ??? You're not helping me at all ! Man up ! \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > 
\Jackson and me can't be friends anymore because today he told me he likes me\ " my 9 year old sister is the biggest heartbreaker I've ever met . " 
If you can't understand my silence , then you will never understand my words . 
Tried out for size , to my suprise , I can't fit in anybody's arms . 
Wild thing , you make my heart sing . Wild thing , I think I love ya ;) 
Today was an adventure and a nice change of scenery . I haven't been this happy in a long time :) 
Cold pizza . Good for : breakfast , hangovers , and final studying snackage :) 
It's always good to know that the people you thought you could count on , really could give a shit about you . Aewsome wayto start break ... 
Nobody puts Baby in the corner <3 
I've decided that my dream man can dance sing and play guitar so ... I guess ill always be single ha 
It's always a good day when the cute guy at pacsun doesn't charge you for the second pair of jeans :) 
Best memory of this christmas ? My little cousin ( and he's like almost two years old ) opening everyone's present for them , and screaming if you tried to take it away <3 
I forgot how much I love soccer ha <3 
smash burger = amazingness in a bun 
I think I'll start a new life . I think I'll start it over , where no one knows my name ... I think I need a new town , to leave this all behind ... where no one knows my name . 
It seems when you want someone , they don't want you . And when someone wants you , you don't want them . And when you both want each other , something has to come around and mess it up . 
2010 , gtfo 
The way I look at it , the sooner we get back to school , the sooner we get the hell out . 
I'm craving for an adventure . 
When I said I'd fight back , I didn't say I'd fight fair . 
prom dress : check !!! 
If everyone could please please do me a favor and keep my dad in your thoughts and prayers . I don't know what's happening right now , and I'm kind of scared . 
My dad is feeling a lot better today . Thank you for all your prayers <3 
Actions speak louder than words so will you please just shut up . 
I feel the sun creepin up like tick tock I'm tryin to keep you in my head but if not we'll just keep running from tomorrow with our lips locked . 
Dear Bowling for Soup , \ 
I really do hope you were wrong about high school never ending because this place kinda sucks . \ 
Yeah you , got that something , I think you'll understand , When I say that something I wanna hold your hand . 
I'm in an extremely good mood :) 
So somehow I'm not allowed to have ice cream right now because my dad went and worked out and he doesn't want me to have a fatty liver or to ruin his hard work ? Someone explain how that works . 
Leaving tomorrow ! Time for some new scenery :) 
It's safe to say I'm in love with this town . Checkin out the school tomorrow ! :) 
I really don't want to come back tomorrow . 
keep calm and < PROPFEMALE > on 
I hate when you meet someone cute and have the opportunity to talk to them and it's after you've parted ways that you think of all these genius things you could have said . 
that couldn't have gone any worse . i need to get outta my house 
All I can do is be me . Whoever that is . 
grapes of wrath = DUMBEST BOOK EVER . 
If you never change your mind , why have one ? 
Surfs Up , one of my favorite movies ever <3 
Packers baby <3 
I've done a rain dance before and it worked , maybe I could try a snow dance ? 
Just when I thought the day couldn't get any worse . 
Happy Birthday to my amazing littlest sister < PROPFEMALE > . She turned 10 and after opening her present , told my dad he had to take it back right away because she refuses to wear skirts . At least she tells it like it is . <3 
Doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile . Winning's winning . 
You know you're cool when you get a < PROPFIRST>'s card from your grandma . hell yessss . 
You're like a giant tub of ice cream . Super amazing , but really unhealthy for me . 
How do I say this nicely , umm ..... right , screw you . 
I hate those times when you check your phone every five minutes to see if he texted you back , and for the hundreth time , he hasn't . 
Tell me , am I good enough for you ? 
How do cool kids spend their Saturday night ? At home . With facebook and a stack of movies . 
Sometimes , there just aren't words . 
It's that time of year when I start thinking I'm going to start running , cut back on sweets and get in shape . So what do I do ? Pull out the tub of ice cream . Hell yesssss 
I wish you would have the decency to say goodbye when you walk out that door knowing you aren't coming back . 
ACCEPTED !! :D 
Or don't text me back .......... that's cool to . 
Oh track ... you've been missed . Time for the cramps , puking , and hurting to begin :) 
Each day gets a little better and better ;) 
Cool story bro . Why don't you publish it and sell it to someone who gives a fuhh ? 
sun . wakeboarding . bikinis . boys . water . sunburns . campfires . drinks . smores . drive ins . late nights . memories . sunglasses . barefeet . and < PROPFEMALE > much more . summer , you can't come < PROPFEMALE > n enough . 
Damn it feels good to be me , fresh pair of kicks and my old blue jeans . 
You know to keep your hopes up high and your head down low . 
This summer is going to be great . 
My brother made a space balls reference . I want to watch that movie now . 
My cousin just told me I looked like miley cyrus .............. excuse me while I go cut myself . 
Is it august yet ? 
I swear I always fall for your type . 
Never thought I'd say it , but I give up . 
Little Caesars is on a long list of foods I will miss come august lol 
Fugitive tonight with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Scratch that ... guess I'm going to lay on bed for hours and do nothing like I do every damn night . God I hate people . 
Get off your high horse , your shit smells too . 
Goin to the westy rec for some swimming . Why isn't it summer yet ? 
It's been a good day :) 
Oh I wanna go crazy , wanna go crazy with you :) 
Running with an empty stomach is no bueno :( 
I'll never understand why people bash on country music . 
Anyone wanna come over and play some volleyball in a bit ? 
Ever have those days when it feels like the world is against you ? 
Capstone is due friday ? Well I guess I'll start it then . 
Note to self : Don't spray paint with garage door closed ....... yeah 
After this last week , today is definitely a needed lazy day . 
A fake reputation is all a man has . 
