Am I diagonally parked in a parallel universe ? Maybe too much too soon ! 

I wonder ...... is this what falling into a comma feels like ......? 
Mussst ... remainn ... upright .. and tryy to be allertt ..... 
WOW 
Just getting over the mother-of-all migraines ..... 6 days and 3 trips to the emergency room ..... this is the educated elitist best guess anyway 
I feel like a drippy pile of goo ..... all I am capable of doing at the moment is just ooozing ...... 
I am a Unique and Beautiful but Bourgeois , Materialistic Narcissist , who is Honest and Frugal , but Animal Neutral ? Oh and I listen to spiritual hymns and garden in my spare time ? Am I a catch or what ?!?! ROFL ...... Spot on , < PROPFEMALE > !!! ; P 
Sending all my love and good wishes for a positive outcome 
Just finished making all my pies ....... six pumpkin , two apple and one cherry .... whew ! My counters are covered in pie dough scraps ! 
' Tis the season ...... 
wants to know if it is really worth all this ....... 
Hey ... ( clearing throat ) you .... yeah you ... I need your address A.S.A.P. I want to send you a beautiful Christmas card wishing you and yours a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! Anyone who has not contacted me with above info already , I am afraid you will misss out * sniff sniff * and I will feel completely rejected ....... ; P 
My baby bro is a Daddy ...!!!!! 
My baby bro is a Daddy ..... my sister-in-law ROCKS ... first baby for both ..... she went totally NATURAL ..... OH BABY .... SHE IS BEAUTIFUL ... CONGRATS YOU GUYS 
Wishes life was much easier than it is 
Black 
They diagnosed a ' bowel fever ' ( probably typhoid ) , but could do little for him . 
~ Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? ~ ~ 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I love my kids . They are the best things that have ever happened to me . I would do anything for them . ? My kids are my life !! 
If you believe your Daughter is amongst Gods greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this to your status 
it's Doppelgänger week - change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble . -- Remember these are who we have been TOLD we look like - not necessarily our own beliefs 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Anyone can face a crisis it is the day to day living that wears you out . : \\ 
is parallel parked in a diagonal universe ....... again . 
says \wouldn't life be interesting if everyone said what they really thought ? \"" 
Fox 5 news reported : DO NOT join the groupcurrently\ 
on facebook with the title \Becoming a father or mother wasthe \ 
Maybe we really ARE the sum total of all our choices ..... food for thought 
is vulnerable for the same reason she is strong 
is going to Club Bed .... starring DJ Pillow and McBlankee . :D ... Good Night <3 Sweet dreams everyone <3 :D 
is sick AND tired of being sick and tired !! BLAHHHH !! Stupid head cold ..... UGGHH ! I wish I could fall into a comma about now and wake up when it is all over with ! :/ 
says no one can go back and make a brand new start , but everyone can start from now and make a brand new ending ! 
I am ONLY human ..... I know you had your doubts but seriously folks , it's true . :/ 
* Please take the following for what it is .... just something that made me laugh .... and perhaps some of you also will find it amusing . * 
I like it on the counter first thing , but often on the fridge too . :D 
Please , anyone that is so inclined , please say a prayer for my father ... he is in very bad shape 
So anyone out there on or been on a weightloss exercise/diet plan that is/has worked for you ? Or perhaps some that definetly did not ? Please share , I need suggestions . 
On Halloween night I am going to cry in a haunted house while bobbing for apples in the dark . 
I can grow PEOPLE inside me , What's your superpower ? 
is thinking of how ironic it would be to choke on a lifesaver ... 
sometimes thinks she is coming to the end of her rapidly fraying rope and just wants to let go ...... 
says if chocolate is a bean and beans grow on plants , and we all know plants are vegetables then it just makes sense that chocolate is a vegetable ...... 
wonders if the person who put cameras in cell phones thought people would take hundreds of pics of themselves with their arm stretched over their head . 
thinks Dr. Seuss could've been the greatest rapper !! =D 
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations . 
is getting her expedition to Mt . Freaking Laundry under way . I am at the base of the beast now and preparing to ascend at any moment . 
wants to know when the sock thief will be apprehended ... and why do they only steal one at a time ? 
does anyone out there have great grandma Wheeler's icebox cake recipes ? Any of her recipes for that matter ... I'd like to collect as many as I can . :) 
is thinking she needs a time out from being a grown-up 
Today's Mood Forecast : Mostly yucky with a good < PROPMALE > of I don't feel like it . 
it just makes sense , you don't fry bacon naked !!! 
What are you/your kids dressing up as on Halloween ? 
As one door closes another one opens . Go ahead walk through it and move on . 
When people show you who they really are , believe them 
is out of advice ... will sarcasm do ? 
' s happy go lucky attitude today is courtesy of better living through pharmaceuticals 
thinks the real problem with reality is that there's no background music 
Patiently waiting for the Kool Aid Man to come bursting through my wall . 
wonders when my kids are going to realize the bathroom is not a portal to another dimension , and I am not running away- I just need to pee . 
The pessimist sees the glass half empty-the optimist : half full . As a realist , I see a glass someone forgot to put in the dang dishwasher ! 
Marriage is the opportunity to inherit an additional dysfunctional family , just in case the one you have wasn't enough . I love my entire family ..... we put the fun in dysfunctional ! ;p 
says housework is the definition of insanity - you NEVER get anything clean without getting something else dirty ... think about it ! 
' s house , Where the Wild Things Are ! 
Tell me something good ! 
sometimes thinks that the only thing that is keeping me from running away with the circus is that I don't look good in sparkly spandex . ;P 
says shh ... can you hear that ? Shh listen ... it's my nice warm bed calling my name . I should go see what it wants . Goodnight all ! 
You gotta know when to hold em , know when to fold em , know when to walk away and know when to run ... 
is indeed the smartest in the whole house ... I seem to be the only one who can figure out the toilet paper and how it gets on that retracting stick ! 
remembers when animals were crackers NOT rubber bands 
wants to know why I can remember lyrics from a song I knew 20 years ago but can't for the life of me remember what I just walked into the kitchen to get ? 
is not insane !!! She is voluntarily indifferent to conventional rationality . =) 
note to self ... my life would be so much easier if my family would quit eating and learn to go naked ...... 
is gonna rock down to Electric Avenue and then she'll take it higher 
ooh e ooh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang .. sing it with me ! 
is willing to join a cult that is located in a tropical paradise with no actual agenda 
I think I'd like to try this whole hibernating thing ...... eat whatever I want , sleep until spring ...... wake up skinny !! LOL 
is very suspicious of joggers . It seems as if they are always the ones who find the bodies . 
is finding out today if my father will be having yet another surgery this Wednesday on his heart to repair a leaking valve . I hope his echocardiogram reveals that it is healing on it's own but that is doubtful . :( 
' s Dad will have open heart surgery , to repair his leaking valve , most likely the day after Thanksgiving ..... 
did you konw taht as lnog as you hvae the fsirt and lsat lteetr wehre tehy souhld be yuor biarn can sitl raed the snetnace perproly ;p 
remembers when downloading a song meant trying to tape it off the radio while hoping the DJ didn't talk over the song . 
' s father is having heart surgery on the 6th of December instead of the 26th of November at St. < PROPFIRST>'s Hospital in South Salt Lake 
I hate the wind .... it blows . \ 
My hair officially feels violated ! 
Nothing is more frequently \opened by mistake\ " than the mouth " 
Cleaning the house while the children are growing , is like shoveling snow while it's still snowing . Please remember that when you visit our home . Can't wait to see evryone ! Sorry we all can't be together though . 
love's chocolate , but chocolate makes my clothes shrink . 
thinks Mother Nature is having anger management issues and needs some serious counseling !! 
would like to order a summer value meal . I want a beach , with sand toys and a side order of sunshine . Please and Thank You ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
To Whom It May Concern : I would like to volunteer for a follow-up study to determine whether or not money can buy happiness . Pick me ..... Please ! 
Growth requires a temporary surrender of security . 
... still has all her marbles , although they are asymmetrical and roll funny . 
Parenting : the most important volunteer position you could ever hold . 
would like to know where her social life went ... Can't remember where I was the last time I had it . If you find it contact me via Facebook . :) 
is not getting fatter , she is distancing herself from the challenges that skinny people face . 
Do you have a question ? Come on over , my daughter has an answer for EVERYTHING ! 
< PROPFIRST > BulkleySr . is going in for heart surgery on Monday morning at St. < PROPFIRST>'s Hospital . 
For anyone who may be unaware , my father < PROPFIRST > Bulkley Sr. passed away on the 7th of December after some 20 hours of surgery . Thank you for all of your kind words , prayers and good wishes . Our family appreciates and loves you all . 
Well to tell you all the truth , I ' ve had better days ..... maybe that is a bit of an understatement 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bulkley's viewing and funeral will be at ( Jenkins Soffe Mortuary , 4760 S State St , ( 801 ) 266-0222 ) ( Viewing Tuesday 12/14/10 12:00 - 1:00 pm ) ( Funeral Tuesday 12/14/10 1:00 pm ) 
Thank you to all of those who offer prayers and good wishes toward me and my entire family . They are deeply appreciated . Thank you so much to all of those who have shown support during this past week with my father’s funeral , whether you were able to send your love , attend with us , or donate your time , talents or and /or funds . You all helped make an impossible situation bearable . We truly felt loved and supported . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! I hope you are all enjoying your day . 
says saying something a Million times doesn't mean you mean it . It's your actions that serve as proof . 
Nice hot shower n warm bed ... night all .... 
come to realize when you have kids there is no such thing as cleaning , you only organize the mess . 
is what < PROPMALE > was talking ' bout . 
ask , \would the child you once were admire the person you have become ? \"" 
The first time you saw me what thoughts went through your mind ? Come on now , be honest . : D 
is starting support group meetings at my house for people with OCD . Gloves and cleaning fluid will be handed out at the front door . ;) 
The Girl you just called fat ? ... starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? ... has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? ... spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? ... is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
is logging off facebook to read a real book ..... yes people still do that . 
can't wait for old age when she can move in with her kids and trash their house , eat all the food , pay no bills , and leave her clothes everywhere ..... 
This is the time of day that I have to hold down the mattress with my body to stop it from leaving ! ;) 
told her < PROPMALE > bear all of her deep dark secrets . I miss him . Poor < PROPMALE > , he knew too much . 
may not be the thinnest , neatest or most intelligent person you know , but she is one of the most spectacular creations in the universe ....... and so are you . :) 
Dear sleep , I'm sorry we broke up this morning . I want you back . 
hopes that she can remember to have the strength to be compassionate , and the wisdom to be humble . 
asks \what is your favorite musical ? \"" 
asks \Did you know that if you took the DNA from any cell in your body and laid it end to end 
is not sarcastic ... she's verbally ironic 
just found out that if you say gullible REALLY SLOWLY , it sounds like oranges . 
is sooo bored 
if you could read her mind , you would need therapy . 
I don't know about the economy at your house , but my piggy bank did a snout dive off my dresser . 
Ah , Facebook , where it is socially acceptable to talk to a wall ... 
is thinking Buns of Steel are highly overrated . She's going to settle for Buns of Cinnamon ! 
It's time to break out the flip-flops and toe nail polish- Spring is finally here !! 
is going to go spends some quality time checking her eyelids for cracks , goodnight ! :) 
Dear housework , Bugger off ! 
Do you think you could recognize someone with psychopathic tendencies if you interacted with them on a daily basis ? No I am not outing myself ... lol 
< PROPFEMALE > SweetKiss 
just got taught ..... ;D 
Loved spending a few days with her beautiful daughter < PROPFIRST > and her loving husband Dan ... she wishes they did not have to return to SLC so soon ! 
is rowing her boat to dreamland , on a search for the good ship Lollipop ... 
says \Never squat with your spurs on ! \"" 
Well H-e-l-l-o Sunshine ! Don't know if anyone has ever told you this , but ... you sure are Hot ! 
Just because someone is older than you , has a higher position or more degrees , or is wealthier than you does not mean his or her moral judgment is better than yours . 
< PROPFEMALE > is Tired.com . Thinking about visiting sleep.org 
So really ... What's a knick knack paddy whack ? 
When the sun refuses to shine remember you had some of the best times of your life in the dark ! 
Dear Laundry , you suck , please < PROPFEMALE > yourself ! 
is fantasizing about having two men at one time ... one washing the dishes , the other scrubbing the floor ! 
has been looking over the list of spring chores she made up last fall , and darned if they aren't fall chores , after all . ; ) 
is a beautiful disaster ... which is just a pretty way to say hot mess . 
does not do well before 10:00 am ... seriously tired ! 
hates the wind ..... it blows . 
knows it's time to cut back a little when I nod one < PROPFEMALE > and the other two second the motion . 8 / 
Anyone out there have an opinion on a Family Practitioner M.D. in the St. < PROPFIRST > area .... good or bad ? I need to find one . 
