is wishing that her besties would live in the same town as me ... oh how i miss the old days of clowning around and getting into trouble ... =( i miss u guys ... 

thinks my best friend is crazy but i love her !!! =) 
is back in sa for the time being ... 
is sad ... but yet happy ... DCI !!! 
is off to San < PROPMALE > for the day ... 
wakes up this morning to the sound for mexicans fixing up a room in the apartment ... not cool and its my day off ... 
Good luck to all my friends starting classes tomorrow ... Hope u have a great first day ... :) and good luck to my lil sisters on her first day of High School ... :) 
good luck to everyone on their first day of class tomorrow ... first class at 8 ... 
im tired ... but i had fun today ... now time for work :( 
two classes down ... now a < PROPFEMALE > session then two more classes to go ... :/ at least I dont have class tomorrow :) 
is reading for class ... 
wants < PROPFEMALE > to make her food to eat ... ;P please !!!! =) 
woke up at 5am went for a jog now im getting ready for my day ahead ... ( : 
hates driving in the rain ... bad thigns always happen ... but its all good my close friends came to my rescue ... i love u guys and thank u ... muah !!!! :) 
hates driving in the rain ... bad things always happen ... but its all good my close friends came to my rescue ... i love u guys and thank u ... muah !!!! :) 
just wants to SLEEP TODAY !!!!! :( 
lovers her roommates they r so silly .... 
loves all her new amazing sisters ... 
so my phone got a virus and i lost all my < PROPFIRST > sooooo txt ... so i can get all my < PROPFIRST > back ... Please and Thank U :) 
is in the JPL working on bio and literature ... :( 
i just have one more class then im done ... ( : 
is going to bed ... :) nite everyone ... 
HATES BIO WITH A PASSION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
At home chilin with the roomies makin some caldo 
omg baking a cake today was a bad idea ... someone take it from our apartment .... 
so making breakfast at ten at nite was a great idea ... it is so good ... :) 
is packing ... then finishing my hw for the week to come ... :/ 
packing for today ... while watching my roomies be silly ... love u guys :) 
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXY AND Z !!!!! NOW I KNOW MY ABC'S NEXT TIME WONT YOU SING WITH ME !?!?!?!?! :) 
wants FOOD !!!! someone make me food ... PLEASE !!!!!!!! 
is going to work :( 
is going to go paint before class at one ... :) 
my little better love me forever after this week ... for all the help and things i've done for her ... and my Grand littles :) I LOVE YOU LITTLE ! 
lil & big reveal today ... YAY for grand lils and grand nieces :) 
so best fest was fun and we won the door decorating contest ... free gift cards and movie tickets !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
my heart goes out to the soldiers and there families in killeen/ft hood ... 
OMG ... my roommates r CRAZY !!!! :) 
y lights ... y do u have to fail me now ... sad day ... and ur not coming on til 2 in the morning sad day ... :( 
HATES BEING SICK :( soup ... movies ... orange juice ... all day ): 
is running on an hour and half of sleep ... today :) one test down three to go :) 
making snickerdoodles ... :D 
I sang to a banana in line at a bank because I'm sexy and I do what I want . 
I wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing - < PROPMALE > Swift- 
wants to go to the < PROPFEMALE > and back :) 
out with a friend today ... then work at five :( 
Words are but wind ; and learning is nothing but words ; ergo , learning is nothing but wind . 
time for work til nine :( 
dining table 
God made mud , God made dirt , God made boys so girls can flirt . :P 
no more FOOD forever ... omg :/ 
how does it go from < PROPFEMALE > and bright to gloomy and pouring down rain in just a blink of an eye :( 
You are always a student , never a master . You have to keep moving forward . 
loves putting on music and just doing hw ... 
I think therefore I am single ... :/ ( sigh ) whats your excuse ? 
why is it so cold in this apartment ... :( 
is so confused today .... :/ 
AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!! ppl r so stupid ... 
friendship is like any relationship , it takes lots of work . but if you are the only one putting in work . Then it really isn't a friendship . So remember that it is both parties responsibility to reach out !! -- s.c.f. 
wants to go home to Killeen where it snowed and where the kids r having a snow day ... 
im really hungry ... what to eat what to eat .... that is the Question ... :) 
OMG what a Day ... going for a walk to clear my mind ... :) 
baking chocolate chunk cookies and reading for history .... :) just to brighten my sour day ... 
AHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > left yesterday and now < PROPFEMALE > is leaving today ... and me ... well I have work :( 
popcorn and movie time :) 
wishes her brain had an off switch so I can stop thinking and just go to sleep :/ 
hey ... turn the lights on :) 
is try'n to pack but is failing :( 
? GirlFriends are Sisters we choose for ourselves ? i miss u guys :) 
Don't worry coach I got your back ... I love the blindside :) 
wishes that life was like a < PROPFEMALE > tale story ... but then reality hits ... :/ 
is making a cake for < PROPFEMALE > :) 
this a such a beautiful day ... to spread your wings and fly away ... if only I was a bird :) 
going to wash the car then get some ice cream or orange cup ... peace :) 
wants ICE CREAM !!!! :) 
drawing with chalk with the roomies :) 
? play'n yahtzee and listening to music with the girls ? 
lol Im never going to bed tonight with my roomies acting crazy :) < PROPFEMALE > NO FOOD FIGHTS !!!! 
live like your dying ? 
making lasagna before I go to work at 4 :) 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , heres a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Fun to read some history ! 
No shoes today ... go barefoot :) 
OMG ... this is going to be a night to remember :D 
made fajitas and now for dessert fresh made brownies with vanilla and hot fudge :) I ? cooking :D 
made fajitas and now for dessert fresh made brownies with vanilla icecream and hot fudge :) I ? cooking :D 
decisions , decisions ... why is life so difficult ? 
watch'n Where the Wild Things Are ... with Jonna :D 
L-O-V-E ... it's a Mystery ... Where you'll find me !? 
listening to music and dancing the stress away ... ? rainy days when I have days off :D 
going shopping with Jonna :) 
my lip gloss is cool my lip gloss be poppin im standing at my locker and .... 
I ? my bestie KATRINA ... she always makes my day !!! =) 
tell the thunder to stop .... 
well NEVER EVER get in a car with < PROPFEMALE > EVER AGAIN !!!!!! lol 
really wants ICE CREAM Right NOW !!!!!!!!!! :) 
been up since 730am studying now its time to go to work then after come home and study some more :/ 
just got home time to study once again :( 
< PROPFEMALE > thinks im a nerd cuz im listening to chemistry raps ... but she knows they r awesome !!!!!!!!! 
watching Patch Adams with < PROPFEMALE > but should really finish reviewing and sleep :) 
last three finals today .... on campus from 730am til 730pm .... its going to be a long day ... txt me :) 
is done with the semester ... now bring on the SUMMER FUN :) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KATRINA .... My Sister from Another Mother :) Love u loser ? 
please someone anyone get < PROPFIRST > out of my apartment please ... he's being mean :( 
Why oh Why is < PROPFIRST > still here at my apartment doesnt he have a home .... :/ 
? Happy Mothers Day ? 
? ' s her bestie Katrina .... shes such a loser but i love her :) 
is hungry ... :/ 
why is it soooooo cold in this apartment !!! :/ 
? RAWR ? 
OMG !!!!!! 
off to K-town and < PROPFIRST > for the next two days :) 
sooo .... in < PROPFIRST > just saw my brother graduate from UT ... Hook'Em:) 
just got out of work ... now its time to get ready and go out on my date tonite ;) 
has to be one of the best dates ever ... well at least top five :) 
oh why is it soooo hard to plan a trip to see my bestie :( 
OMG ... im never going to bed < PROPFEMALE > started watching season four of Heros and i just cant stop watchn :( 
Sex and the City 2 at midnite !!! 
u got to love Sex and the City :) 
loves going down memory < PROPFIRST > with my bestie ..... lol 
< PROPFEMALE > and I have decided .... professional bums we will be this summer :) 
planning my summer trip .... July needs to come fast :) 
Had a Fun Day off today ... went to the ZOO !!! :) 
< PROPFIRST > Jr. come out ... come out where ever you are !?!?!?! :/ 
had a Great day today ... work from 11 to 7 then got a free starbucks drink and now Im in K-town in one piece ... and there was no traffic the whole way down :D 
time to go play some old school NINTENDO !!! :) 
? RAWR ? 
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!! 
is sooooooo sleeeeepppppyyyyyy :/ 
has lots to think about in the coming weeks :/ 
what to do , what to do ... that is the question :/ 
so much to do today I hope I finish everything before movie time :) 
cant believe i almost DIED today ... but its all good had fun :) 
work then grandmothers house I go :) Happy Fourth of July :) 
? ' s her bestie Katrina :) 
needs to sleep ... needs to feel better ... needs to finish moving ... someone give me some magic :/ 
wishes someone anyone would come and finish unpacking for me and make me food :/ 
is going to see her bestie in a week im soooo excited :D 
Thursday August 12th needs to come NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
watching the Diary of a Wimpy Kid with my lil sisters :) 
time for work then out with friends ;) 
just feels like dancing :) 
whats to know why dreams are so weird and random ... :/ 
is hungry and wants FOOD ... what should I make for dinner tonite ;) 
I have a Crazy Roommate ... But I ? her :) 
doesn't like secrets or surprises when it has to do with me ... just tell me already !!! 
what to do ... what to do ... maybe I will bake something :) 
? ' s the smell of fresh baked brownies :) 
just feels like dancing all day long :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is my drama mama ... but i love her ... and its always a good laugh :) 
why is it soooo hard to plan things out :/ 
what to do tonight ... what to do .... :/ 
work til 6 ... at least I'm not closing :) 
please rain I love u but DO NOT RAIN on Thursday ... :/ 
LIFE is MAZE and LOVE is a RIDDLE .... I dont know where to go I can't do it alone I've tried and I don't know why .... but I've enjoyed the show ? 
why is it so Hard yet so Easy :/ 
just call me the COOKIE MONSTER :) 
Goodbye , my almost lover ... Goodbye , my hopeless dream ... I'm trying not to think about you ... Can't you just let me be ? 
well make anyone homemade cookies if they finish my paper for me :) 
will make anyone homemade cookies if they finish my paper for me ... ( happy < PROPFIRST > ) 
Each time I miss you , a < PROPFEMALE > falls down from the sky . So , if you looked up at the sky and found it dark with no < PROPFEMALE > s , it is all your fault . You made me miss you too much ... 
listening to music and making chocolate chip peanut butter cookies :) 
time for work ... :( 
OMG Talk'n to Brand'ee and Vianca on Skype ... lol gossiping about everything and anything :) 
you've got to love the classics ... Frank Sinatra and the books :) 
soooo sleepy ... 
cleaned the apartment ... and put beans to cook ... cake in the oven and Mexican corn bread next in the oven I ? days were I get so much done :) 
makes me think ... Im happy that my Bother Graduated UT in the spring and that he not at UT ... Be Safe EVERYONE At UT ! 
I like it on my desk . 
? ' s October !!! Best month of the whole year :) 
Exactly one Week til My Birthday :) 
this made my night ... lol 
? ' s swiss chocolate ice cream with strawberries and mini chocolate chips .... Yummy in my Tummy :) 
Just got home from the San < PROPFIRST > Museum of Art ... time to make dinner Steak with sauteed mushroom , mashed potatoes and green veggies with a garden salad to begin ... but what for desert ?!?!? :) 
is going to a wedding in Laredo ... 
the Wedding was fun ... the food was ok ... the music was GOOD and the dancing was funny ... over all it was a good wedding :) 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!!! ;) 
just got back from Laredo ... thinks its fun that when I went through the border inspection station the border patrol was flirting with me ... no wonder illegal Mexicans get in the states ... lol 
oh ceramics class how I hate yet love you :) 
thinks it funny that Brand'ee is on call but the ppl that r in the office with her r driving her crazy lol .... but at less she has me to talk too :) 
Brand'ee < PROPMALE > is going to get me in to trouble .... 
? ' s having Saturdays off :) 
making enchiladas for dinner and then watch'n Toy Story 3 :) 
needs to find someone new to talk to other then Brand'ee shes being crazy tonight ... BAHAHAHA :) 
it looks like ill be needing a new roommate any takers ... 
looking at furniture to get me in a happy mood :) 
watch'n The Road ... I hope I don't cry lol 
today is a blast music and dance around day :) to bad i have work today oh well ill just dance there :) 
loves how my managers change my schedule the day before just b/c the vice president of the company or what not is coming to the store tomorrow ... 930am to 5pm cashier and jewelry counter :( at least I can leave early to grandmas :) 
? Happy Thanksgiving ? I'm thankful for everyone in my life and for the Food !!! lol Love U All :) 
oh i HATE BLACK FRIDAY !!!! had to cut my visit home short do to all the ppl who shop on this day so thanks thanks alot ... 1 to 9 tonight :( 
really doesn't want to finish her final paper .... AAAHHHHHHH !!!! 
amazing show < PROPFEMALE > Secret .... very cute and sexy lines !!! 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , Dec . 6th . Join the fight against child abuse ! Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
sprite 
had a fun night now its time to sleep and wake up and go to work :( \ 
on a Happy note ... HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > Gonzalez !!! BAHAHAHA :) 
why is it when you need techonlogy the most it wants to be f'n stupid .... ;/ 
day was my last day work'n with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > im super sad :( ... so im goin to bake my some snickerdoodle cookies :) 
? ' s her Grandma :) 
Happy 26th Anniversary to the best parents in the world ... :) 
cant wait until tonight ... :) 
HATES THE COLD ... :( 
ice cream time with my sweetheart ! ? 
oh how I wish this day would end :( 
