HAPPY NEW YEARS !!!!!!! 

feeling great after a 4 mile jog and a 3 mile walk 
trying to find some cheerful songs . any suggestions ? 
trying to find cheerful songs . any suggestions ? i like all types so open to all suggestions 
anyone know any songs that can make someone sleepy ? 
couldnt make it to kickball , got caught up in homework 
going to see The Losers at 2:45 
joged home about 2 < PROPMALE > , was awsome 
cleaning my room , got < PROPMALE > marley playing 
kickball cancled ? 
gonna go jogging a few at 3 , anyone can join 
Back from my jog/walk/run , lost my camera during it , really sucks 
trying to find some songs that are slow and calm , the kind of stuff that saams like it can make you sleepy , any suggestions ? 
srry everyone made a mess up with the vid thing 
gonna watch the storm instead of a movie 
can chocolate appear out of nowhere ? 
Kickball tomorrow ? 
it their a kickball game today ? 
gonna go on a few hour walk 
Gonna be lazy today and love it lol 
is there anyone that knows how to make a tie dye shirt that can explain it to me ? 
might not be able to make kickball this week either 
What is the worth of one who lives behind a mask ? 
wont be able to make kickball tomorrow , family is going somewhere 
Fireworks were awsome !!!! lol 
is going to sleep 
needs to sleep but cant fall asleep 
Sounds like a great storm 
Whether it be in the moments of great joy , or the moments of deep sorrow , we may neglect to notice the moments of thoes close to us , and that of thoes not so close , and in thoes times we may miss a opportunity to make a diffrence in their lives or share a fond memory in which they can treasure . 
I alwase wish i could do more than what i am limited to 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !! 
God i love seeing her so much , can never help but smile when i do 
You\ 
\ 
can ask me ONE question ( ONLY IN MY INBOX ) . I will answer no matter \ 
what . You have my full honesty , but I dare you to put this as your \ 
status and see what questions are asked 
Anyone share any classes ? \ 
Algebra 2 -1 with Samalik\ 
MEC/CAD with Uhlmann\ 
Psych 2 with Tilley\ 
Spanish 1-1 with Mendoza\ 
Team Sports with Garcia 
Snow day tomorrow = awsome 
Is anyone else thinking of the amount of homework we will be getting now ? 
Today turned out to be a very good day 
< PROPFEMALE > , please talk to me again 
What am i ? \ 
What have i become ? 
Tired of always screwing things up 
What are some songs with a happy feeling to them ? 
just want to disappear , am constantly screwing up , just keep ruining things , already hate myself i wouldn't be surprised if you hate me as well by now 
God , < PROPFEMALE > i love you so much 
Who thinks who will win ? 
Today was a bad day for my health , but still a mostly great day for everything else 
Ended up having a great valentines day :) 
Not looking forward to school tomorrow 
Do you remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day ..... I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & NOT CARE about offending anyone 
No school tomorrow ? \ 
like if you think yes , comment for no 
Going to watch 7:35 showing of Red Riding Hood 
I've lost who i am , who i was 
Anyone know where i can find a store selling those kind of wristbands that have names or messages on them ? 
Anyone know where i can find a store in Bay City selling those kind of wristbands that have names or messages on them ? 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out and see a movie sometime over the weekend before spring break ends ? 
For anyone who wants to go , its gonna be Sunday and the movies options are < PROPFIRST > and Source Code 
Of to church 
Seeing the movie < PROPFIRST > at 7:10 pm sunday , who all wants to join in ? 
