Soooo . I reactivated My WoW account for the month so I could finish up that damn Holidy even achievment thing on my Death Knight ... and now the game refuses to work on my computer . Stupid Computer . 

Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia . They did that intentionally . 
Think it's time I got a new phone . Tired of Butt Dialing people all day and then ending up on the internet on my phone for 40 minutes before I notice . ¬_¬ ... Maybe I'll get that new Droid . 
Finish all my Papers due for class . Now done with school for the semester ! weee ... now I just get to ... work ... 6 days a week .... >:( 
I want to start a petition to get < PROPFIRST > Connery cast as the voice of Deathwing . Why ? Cause it's < PROPFIRST > fucking Connery , and he's a fucking dragon ! \ 
\ 
If only blizzard would do it . 
New bro term I never heard before . Brohemoth . Most , brosome word ever . 
7 am shift . No sleep . I hate mornings ... 
I think I slept in a wierd position . My neck is killing me today : X 
Yay for eBook apps at work ! Gimme book suggestions fools ! 
WTB some friggin ' rain ! And yes , I did just use \wtb\ " on here . " 
< PROPFIRST > got me addicted to another game ... damn yooouuuu ! 
Gotta say ... Inception was pretty good . 
Found and bought Hellsing 10 ! Weee 
I think I'm getting sick ... =.= 
So\ 
I got bored and decided to finally play Halo Reach myself . I've decided\ 
that my first play through will be on ... Legendary . Almost done with it \ 
lol . The hardest mission so far has been the Corvette mission =.= fucking\ 
elites ... everywhere . 
Babies . They’re not cute- they’re 8 pounds of crapping , drooling , screaming pure id ! They’re basically a mouth and an asshole with no control at either end . I love the Holy Bibble . Stupid babies . 
Well . So get this . I go out , buy Fable 3 . Get home to play it , pop it in the Xbox 360 . It goes on with some updates and shit . Then when I finally get to start playing the game , the console freezes . Irritated , I turn off the xbox , turn it back on aaannndd .... It red rings . Over . And Over . And Over . Tried waiting 2 hours to start it up . Red ring . Tried waiting a day . Red Ring . Yay for getting to buy a new Xbox . 
Man , re-downloading all my game content and updates on my new X-box 360 is annoying . And I never connected to X-box live with my Live account after the set up of it ... do all my nerd points are gone rofl . Oh well . No E-peen points for me . 
Gah . And now My PS2 isn't working , so I cannot play the games I got a while back for it . No Shattered Memories for me :( 
Opinion of Dragon age II so far . It has the BEST Dialogue in any game I have played so far in this genre . \ 
However ... Fenris is a whiny little bitchy elf who gets made even when you try to do something nice for him , like give him a damn book as a gift . As such I now act like a total ass to him all the time . Stupid Emo elf . 
Saw Sucker Punch with < PROPFIRST > last night . Was ... alright . About what I expected really . It has a dragon eat part of a plane , so it makes up for most of the creepers that are apparently in Mental hospitals ... 
My back ... Seriously itches like hell right now ;_; . Guess I'll make Doctor appointment #3 . Probably go to a Dermatologist too ... Stupid Itchy back ! 
Mid-afternoon naps are nice :3 . Except for when you try to go to sleep latter the same night ... meh . 
So I have a job with Securitas right now .. sorta . \ 
I get to go to the class on monday to get my guard card . The I gotta wait 2-3 weeks for it to arrive . So I have a month before I can actually work . And that is assuming they can find a place to put me . Apparently they read the \Cave Creek\ " on my application as \ " Queen Creek\ " ... Not really all that interested in driving 60 < PROPMALE > one way to get to work . " 
