1 , 2 , 3 .... 

goodbye my love .... 
crap it closed up .... someone re-pierce me .... 
is pretty sure he has the swine flu .... sorry if you have it now .... * sucks on Vitamin C pill * 
so that's what people do on halloween . 
When I grow up , I want to be a forester Run through the moss on high heels That’s what I’ll do , throwing out boomerang Waiting for it to come back to me ..... 
I have 5 bags of halloween < PROPFEMALE > . Life is good . 
I've never been drunk this early . I'm guessing that's what happens when you < PROPFEMALE > out with older people ? 
is in need of an open mic .... the blue nile tonight maybe ? 
Thursday , and Friday are sold out .... if you want to see the show Saturday is all that's left ! Make reservations ! 
too scared to jump when there's no landing in sight . 
cause I'm yours to keep if you want to . 
I finally get to clean . All of it . As much as I let myself ... 
I don't need your leftovers you can have it all . 
wants to see The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog . 
never gets a break .... 
memorizing .... 
loves Joss Whedon . 
new years in Dublin . too much fun , too much drama . legally drunk =) . 
I thought maybe if I kissed the way you do , you'd feel it too . 
fingers crossed . Time to shine . 
I got it ! Then I reminded him my schedule and then lost it ... maybe ?.. lol 
edamame , oreos , vegan pizza , and practice makes perfect . 
dam you kinkos .... eating my money up ... 
class is in a couple hours and I don't know if I should sleep . 
loves how I forgot how to use final cut pro ... 
it never works out how you planned . 
a night of hip hop , salsa , reggaetón , and belly dancing .... and maybe connections ...? 
Only day off , must see a show ..... Columbinus ... sold out .... strike-slip it is . 
Like the river flow into the sea , somethings are meant to be . Oh fortune cookie ... 
Fuck today I'm going to enjoy the weather and go see Avenue Q . Alone . 
there's a fine fine line . 
Astrology is fun . Too much fun ... 
I have to talk to the < PROPFIRST > of academic affairs , at first I thought I was in trouble but nope I get to spill the beans . 
audition song search ... GO ! 
caffine makes me want to sing . but caffine is bad for your voice . to sing or not to sing . 
Why is my laundry on my bed still wet ... I dried it two days ago ... \ 
or maybe I had an accident ... \ 
\ 
oh no , haha shucks ... it's just cat pee . 
so this is camping ... 
went into the woods and got lost . all I saw was a white tail and then as I walked on the path a < PROPFEMALE > jumped out at me and let out a nasty snort . I intruded . and it sat next to me . life was complete . 
Time for a change .... 
I freaking miss Digimon . 
Spent Friday the 13th making a new connections and gaining a new perspective on my life . this should come around more often =) . 
feature length film this week , cool beans . Minnesota is where the magics at . 
lack of sleep = leaving wallet on the bus . fml 
went to north minneapolis to reclaim my lost wallet and got lost for about an hour but ened up getting EVERYTHING back ! Had to rush to my class .... 30 minutes late ... and fell in front of everyone while they were in lotus positions on my FACE because these sweat pants are way too big for me . Can't decide if this is a good or bad day .... 
So I want to wake up at 4 in the morning to write a paper only to find out its due next week .... so tired .... 
Getting crunk . 
First time someone throw up on the table .. \ 
IN FRONT OF ME !!!! 
Just found out < PROPFEMALE > is sold out .... anyone have any for sale or extra tickets ? I need them . Bad . 
going out tonight for a friend on three hours of sleep . I'm not sleeping beauty but hey I'll take snow white to keep grumpy dwarf in check . at least I learned how to roll a cigarette today in class .... I can taste the tobacco on my lips . delicious . 
can it be November 19 now ? Please . 
Omg I went downtown and saw a fight turn bloody and a guy got hit on his bike by someone going 50 mph . No really there was sparks , somehow the guy survived . Gah 
so thats what the Margolis Method is .... alright .. 
Why do they build malls like prisons ? 
Lol someone asked me where I was from because I don't sound like the other asians in my class . 
it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... 
too happy . after months of trying to get a ticket for a sold out show by not paying over twice of what the tickets cost ... I finally ..... got .... it ..... ROBYN my LOVE , HERE I COME ! 
Night was full of surprises . Got to see one of the best shows I've ever seen and at the same time one of the WORST crowds ever . \ 
I apologize Robyn .... Minnesota Nice didn't cut it . \ 
But she looked and smiled at me twice so I can die now . \ 
Good . night . 
maybe I should minor in Film so I can use Final Cut Pro for free ... 
Aran islands are freezing . But I see shooting stars every other minute . Tell me your wish and I'll make it for you =) . 
One more day and I'll be back . Prepare . Tell me if you want something before it's too late . 
\We are all on adderal . This is going to be a fun flight home . \ " oh gosh . oh well I'm going out alone ! Again ! Wish you guys were with me so we could kill it ! " 
Ain't nothing wrong with a little bit of trouble . 
Friends should not offer friends drinks on rehearsal breaks . Especially when its a 24 hour play festival . If anyone is bored come see me tonight at rarig ! 
Shopping for clothes I would never wear for class .... 
Green and yellow green and yellow green and yellow . You know how we do . 
Walked 2 hours in the cold for rehearsal . Enlightened . 
Waiting for my girl < PROPFEMALE > to get on stage ! 
\You guys are the best crowd I've had on this tour . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > . All thanks to me . No lie . " 
If you need a break from cramming come see The Wall tonight at 7 PM . It's free ! 
First there was a feather and now it's bleach . Mediocrity is fleeting . 
SO this computer wants to delete my 3 hours of editing . FML . I want to punch something . 
Found out deers are scary and my patronous charm would be an owl . Not a magik carp . 
