its no surprise that i leave here tomorow . i cant believe that i stayd til today . you and i will b a tough act to follow . but i kno in time we'll find this was no surprise 

Leaving for the Academy tomorrow !!!!! 
Its movin time !! 
Missouri Academy Baby !!! Best place ever !! 
I feel irrational ... so confrontational ... to tell the truth oh yeah im ... yeah good song lol 
Time flys , people are people , 2+2 = 4 is Universal , and < PROPFEMALE > Koloba is awesome ! 
Hanging with me homies ... yeah < PROPMALE > and carlos ... rock on ! 
Ugh I gotta get up at 6:30 to finish Pre Calc tomorow ... anybody with me ? 
lol so apparently according to the psychology personality quiz I'm a hopless romantic who is mysterious and takes risks 
gotta love life 
hmmmmmmm ...... 
sleeping in til noon is amazing ! 
Carpe Diem ! 
Don't procrastinate .. its a bad habit 
Its a cold and its a broken hallelujah .... hallelujah .... hallelujah ... hallelujah ... hallllleelluuuuuuujjjjaaaaahh ..... very good song 
If i could write a letter to me ... and send it back in time to myself at seventeen .... thats a good one too lol ! 
You make me smile like the sun Fall out of bed sing like a bird Dizzy in my head spin like a record Crazy on a Sunday night You make me dance like a fool Forget how to breathe Shine like gold buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > Just the thought of you can drive me wild Ohh you make me smile .............. Thank you for being a part of my life Jayla 
so yeah i think im startin to figure somethings out 
hmmmmm ................... 
the wind , the breeze , your grip slips with ease , you arent sure wat to do , your mind clouds , the adrenaline starts , make it or break it , you have to hold on ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Day After Christmas to All and to All and goodnite ... nite ?... lol 
Or as ive just been informed happy boxing day lol ! 
ROFL !!!! 
Contemplation ... my escape , Analysis .... my focus , productive distraction ... to cover up all else 
Back from NC , it was soooo AWESOME !!!! My phones broke though on the downside , but I guess now time to get back to work 
I'm back to get going ! 
Chem test , VBA test , Gov test , unpack , somehow fix my janky fone , and then teach anyone who wants help with chem ... lol long list 
think , react , laugh , live ! 
friends , family , love , and laughter ! 
All you guys are awesome ! thank you so much for being such great friends ! :) 
All you guys are awesome ! thank you so much for being such great friends ! :) .... And thank you all for such a awesome birthday ! 
Today has been a really awesome day thanks to my family and friends , I love all of you so much , and wish I could see and talk to you all and tell you how much it means :) 
Live your life dont waste your time trying to extend your time enjoy the time you have ! ( summary of < PROPFIRST > London ) Thank God for another year ! I love you all friends and family :) thank you for an awesome birthday 
The older i get ! ( cough by skillet cough ) 
memories are ghost of the past ... listen but dont look back ( dont kno were that quote came frome but just kinda outa nowhere ) 
having fun !!! 
Ok guys help me , boys state or research ? or try for both ? 
HOMEWORK ... lots and lots 
Before anyone asks yes i set off the fire alarm , and I'm sorry for the trouble it caused everybody .... never thought id have to go thru all that for a bag of popcorn . 
observation is nothing without acknowledgement 
hmmmm interesting .... 
Wear sunscreen ... its from an amazing song that I actually can't remember the name of at the moment , but hey good advice is good advice ! 
Now is the time to look to the future , remember the past , and run as fast as you can forward , no walking the corners ... but scenic routes arent out of the question ! 
So just so everyone knows I woke up this morning and my phone can neither text nor call , and well it actually wont lemme do anything , so if your trying to get ahold of me itll be kinda difficult . Sorry everybody 
I'm looking for inspiring quotes , anybody know some ? 
So how is everyone ? 
So an engineering survey just told me i should be electrical or mechanical ! I know those things arent exactly accurate , but im pretty happy ! 
A dielectric constant appears ! GO metallic properties ! SUPER EFFECTIVE ! Dielectric constant flees ! 900,000 XP ! 
Vacation brought to you by MS&T , week long trip to Illinois to see Catepillar Engineering , Argon Labs , Chicago and more !... Go summer research ! 
So I got a 29 on my ACT .... a year at a math and science specific school and those are the two that didnt help any ..... looks like i gotta try again 
Blackberry Pearls tend to have this habit of screwing up and not working apparently 
Argonne Labs ... internship next summer ? what who said that ? Why yes that would be amazing ! 
Feeling down ? Well get the heck up an get over it . Life is a choice , live it . 
We all have intentions , how we want things to go a certain way and this is usually based on the kind of person we are , but what really decides WHO we are is not what we want or think or try for ... it is what we DO that makes who we are , will you do whats right no matter what the consequences ? its your actions that decide everything , not what you or others think say or want ... So what will you do ? Who are you ? 
< PROPFIRST > Edwards , for ten of the best years of my life , you were my friend , you were my brother , you were who i could count on ... I'll never forget you , and I will see you again . I love you my brother , rest in piece ... I'm glad we had that weekend together one last time . 
All we get to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us ... I love you < PROPFIRST > , I'll see you again . 
Missouri Academy 2010 -2011 School year ! And GO ! 
is a ballerina ! I love wearing pink tutus and leotards and tights and sparkly crowns ! Guys , I've been hiding my passion from you for years and I'm finally ready to let it out and start dancing ! Next thing you know , I'll be a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
So have you ever had people < PROPFIRST > your facebook and write something ? I have . 
I live to look like a butterfly ! I just love all things sparkly and colorful ... rainbows and unicorns and fairies all of the way !!! 
Again I emphasize my previous question on the jacking of the facebook 
Feeling special because people are accepting my friend requests . 
Heres to friends ! 
Live , Laugh , Love ... lifes too short to not enjoy the little things 
thinks he's just the best thing ever . Sadly , he's the only one . 
Dangit , so , I need to stop leaving my laptop lying around , cause ppl leave status like this and makes me sound like a SOB , I'm am definitely NOT the best thing ever to clear that up 
I am not the best thing ever , someone jacked my facebook again . I apologize for that , I am no where near that egotistical . I am not the best thing ever 
Once upon a midnight dreary while I pondered weak and weary upon the tomes of forgotten < PROPFEMALE > . - Poe 
Whoa ! Just saved a facebook jacking .... that was close 
should be learning by now that his Facebook status could be jacked at ANY time . Oh , and I lost my lead in the epic saga of air hockey ... 
So I need an intervention .. I have a leave-my-computer-laying-around-so-people-can-jack-my-facebook problem 
College apps ... and go 
has no self control . Maybe one day I'll learn to close my laptop . 
Oh what a day lol 
thinks that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Flood are the best people in the world . 
Essays colleges and research ! 
Remember . 
Sometimes we fall , but what determines what kind of person you are is whether you get back up again . 
status has just been jacked . 
once upon a midnight dreary while I pondered weak an weary , upon tomes of forgotten lore ... my wording may be off but you get the picture 
honor , courtesy , integrity , perseverance , self control , indomitable spirit ... tenets of tae kwon do , not just words you recite , but a way of life . 
has been facebook jacked once again . My name is \Pee Pee\ " and I LIKE waffels ! " 
Even in my own room I'm not safe :p 
I'm a < PROPFEMALE > girl , in this DDR world ... Come on < PROPFEMALE > , let's go party !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD 
Hmmm an yet here I am still far too trusting of the academy main lounge :p . 
College apps , physics and calculus II ..... go ! 
Oh college apps ... how do I narrow you down from 9 to 7 ... 
Boston Univ , Univ of British Columbia , Stanford-Maybe , Univ of Michigan , Univ of Illinois , Purdue Univ , Rochester Inst of Tech , MST , Univ of WI , MSOE 
Honor , courtesy , integrity , perseverance , self control , indomitable spirit . 
The past is history , the future a mystery , and today is a gift - its our present . 
just made his bed . It's a little more home and a little less Academy . 
So , I am currently away from my laptop and was not online at 1 in the morning last night , therefore I have no idea how my status was changed ... who could it have been ???? 
is still away from his laptop , but it's about 12 hours from when I last changed his status . 
by the way < PROPFIRST > , your bed is made and so is < PROPMALE>'s . 
What do you see when you look back on your life ? 
Hakuna Matata , Carpe Diem ... and GO ! 
Live with honor , show compassion , all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing if you aren't happy with your life , its the knowledge not the grade , intent is no excuse for doing something wrong , love your friends and family cause we can't do this alone . Knowledge is power , wars were fought with swords and ended with pencils . 
So , I'm finished with 8 applications , 2 more to go , and then its scholarship time . 
So there are a plethora ( I've always wanted to use that word ) of scholarships if you look in the right places . 
So , I wanna be < PROPFIRST > Stark when I grow up ! 
Scholarships .... why have you forsaken me . We < PROPMALE > thou so cruel as to be so difficult to apply for and so sly in nature . You must show compassion for college to my top schools are 40,000 + .... money money where for < PROPMALE > thou money 
is extremely proud of his little brother < PROPFIRST > Hoover . Miss you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Calc II series are awesome ! 
Model < PROPFEMALE > ! We are so beasting it up ! Good job everybody ! Lets have another good day tomorrow 
HIJACKED !!!!! < PROPFIRST > Henggeler 
So , due to Model < PROPFEMALE > , I'm beginning to be more and more interested in politics .... hmmm .... engineer-senator ? 
No Mr. Bond ... I expect you to DIE ! 
Wow , this semesters gone by fast 
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that's given to us . \ 
Time doesn't stop , so we can't either\ 
Eight O'clock classes don't allow for senioritis . \ 
Never underestimate a pencil or paper . \ 
We might just live to see World War III . \ 
Say what you think , before the < PROPMALE > passes you by . \ 
Friends come and go , family is forever : thats why friends become like our family so they don't go :) . 
Our choices make who we are , and our actions show who you are to the world . 
I have got to stop playing snake , its addicting 
So , at a doctors appointment today I had to do a blood test and well I passed out and puked ( in that order ) , many of you may recall I did the same when I attempted to give blood last year .... my conclusion my blood needs to stay in my body :) . 
So where will you be in ten years ? 
All done :) 
Heres to the end , and with it closure . Just as the sun sets and ceases exposure . \ 
Is this a new beginning or has time run out . As for time we'll never have enough , no matter the amount . \ 
People leave , they come and go . They leave an impact , that reminds us when we're low , what we strive for and why do it . \ 
For when we leave this world , what will we have to show ? 
So I went by Reeds Spring High today and after politely requesting to see a few of my old friends they proceeded to kick me off the premises , and though I did get a good look at the revised outside architecture , I was slightly pissed ... ok more than slightly 
Ok , so after much research ( and NOT due to my obsession with Inception ) I have actually begun to consider architecture ... hmmm or architecture or engineering ? Input anybody ? 
The is no best mousetrap ... just better ones :) . 
Its time for a new chapter , a fresh start , a clean slate . One were we decide our own fate . Lets build bridges instead of burn , make friends and learn how life should be lived and enjoy every freaking minute of it . 
Snow Day !!!!!!!! :) 
Oh will I ? 
Happiness is a fleeting thing , so never take it for granted and do anything to keep it , cause really whats life greatest worth but happiness . 
