Tired of people thinking that they are something but they are nothing in my world . 

Want to be treated like a < PROPFEMALE > so that I can treat him like a < PROPMALE > . 
Wished that I felt truly loved ..... 
Going to bed . Live .. Laugh .. Love 
Going to sleep .... finally Good night FB ! 
Going to the casino to kick start my birthday 
It's my birthday !!! Fine @ 29 ; blessed at all times ! Tnk everyone for the birthday wishes . 
Got my final grade on my Project Management class ; Thought it was an A but it is a B+ . I still thank God any how !!! 
My husband sucks ! He went to see the fight and didn't even think of me ! I wanted to see that fight too :-( 
had a blast at Flirty Girl Fitness ! 
Praying that a change comes soon . 
Happy birthday J ! 
Trying to ace these finals ! On break from 11-24 to 1-4-10 ! 
Am glad that the school board wants to see a band program in my child's school district and wants me to facilitate the program ! Great things in education ! 
Calling all band members : I need you to email me a testimony of your experience in band and how it benefited your life . I am trying to get this music program up and running for District 168 . 
Getting ready to bake these pies and cakes . Thank you God for providing me with all these beautiful people that I know and love . I love you all and for the people I haven't seen in ages , hit me up or call me . 
Havin ' a BALL with my fam ! 
feeling lonley . Missing you . 
Need peace in my heart . Fighting demons right now . God give me strength . 
Ready for a change in environment . Like some place warm . 
Start school again next week . Almost done ! 
Time to change me . Work on me Lord !!! 
Happy New Year . May God continue to bless you in whatever . Praying that this year is my year for peace , love , and a change for the better . I love everyone . 
On fb with my Wii ! 
So sick . Chest pains , hacking cough , the whole nine . Hope I am better for work tomorrow . 
I had lunch with a football player in my bathroom because that is how I roll . 
My poor child has been keeping me busy since he is sick . Has a high grade temp and all . I tried to keep him away from me but the bug got him too . I hope I can get some sleep . Been in the hospital all afternoon . 
In pain . I slipped at work and my knee is throbbing . This is not how I wanted to start my Monday . 
Walking like a cripple . I am so tired of this . I hate seeing everybody walking normally and I feel like a turtle . 
My niece Hope is on the deer ! LOL 
Being blessed with changes . Ready to move forward . 
Looking for all my friends that went to < PROPFIRST > Elementary School on the west side of Chicago . Umeko , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > hit me up . 
Mentally preparing myself for surgery . I will be fine because God is my surgeon ! 
Well the surgery is done and now it is time to recover . 
Got a C in my class . Three more classes to go and I walk across the stage June 13th at 8am at the Allstate Arena . 
The devil keeps attacking me . I never got over my pneumonia and it came back in full force . This will be over and God is in control of this battle ! 
Need to free my mind . I have so many storms going on that I can't see the rainbow . God work with me and I will receive whatever you have in store ! I have trust You this long . There is no turning back ! 
Frustrated . 
Need a change of scenery . Ready to make moves . 
Getting my mind and my goals together and if God has it in His plan , I will not let ANYONE stop me from following His plan . 
Happy Mother's Day 365 days a year because we never stop being mothers . To all the fathers having to be mothers , you will receive you blessings on your day . I love you all ! 
Really enjoying life with my sons . Everyday is a blessing from God . Three more weeks and I will be walking across the stage with my Masters in hand . Thank God ! Hallelujah ! 
If I worked for a company that was commissioned based , would anyone support my dream ? 
Couldn't do it . I am not in my season to do it just yet . God work with , on and through me . 
Geting ready to take my finals ! I walk across that stage next Sunday !!!! THANK YOU LORD FOR BEING THERE FOR ME !!!! Ready for more blessings to pour down . 
For all my fb fam , you are all invited to partake one of the greatest accomplishments of my life . I am graduating at the Allstate Arena on June 13th at 8am in Rosemont , IL . If you would like to attend , please send me a message . 
One class down , one more to go . 
I GRADUATE TOMORROW !!!! THANK YOU LORD !!! 
I DID IT ! I am now a DePaul Alum ( GOT MY MASTERS BABY ) I THANK GOD FOR THIS !!!! 
Happy Father's Day to all the great fathers out there that have stood up , fought , and struggled to see their children succeed . You all deserve the credit 365 days a year . Love you dads ! 
Living and loving life ! 
Now on to bigger and better things . My God said a change is gonna come . 
Ready for new opportunities to come into my life . Time for a change . Will my past be a hinderance or a opportunity to my future ? Who is ready to go with me ? 
I've had some good days , and I've had some hills to climb , I've had some weary days , and lonely nights , but when I look around , and when I think things over , all of my good days , outweigh my bad days , so I WON\T COMPLAIN !!! Thank you Lord for tearing me down in order to properly build me up in Your Love . " 
Need some satisfaction in my life . Ready to move . Will the one I want move with me ? 
I love hanging out with my cuzzo Tenille . She is truly one of my besties . Can't wait to embark on my new chapter in life . Thank you God . 
Once we learn how to love ourselves , we will be able to love others . Why fight for land that will never belong to you ? Fight for peace , equality , and love . Stop acting like crabs and uplift each other . There is too many angles losing the battle against the new KKK ( Krazies Killing Kids ) . Lord , Your people are ready to put on the armor of Christ ! 
My baby girl has now grown up as a young woman and has gone away to Cali to pursue her dream . Lord continue to bless her and us as we send her off coveted in Your blood . I can't wait to visit my Shawnypoo and I can't wait to start my journey as well . GA here I come ! 
Thank you all for the many blessings and well wishes on my birthday . You all have indeed been a pivotable part o my life and without God bringing you to me , I will not be the person that I am today . I love you all and thanks again . I AM FINALLY 30 ! 
enjoyed < PROPFEMALE > and Miami but I am ready to go home to my husband and boys ( the main men in my life ) . 
I had a ball at the < PROPFEMALE > Hudson birthday gospel celebration . I got to see my cousin KeKe perform with JTroop , listen to some great gospel artists and give God the praise , honor and < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for inviting me . It really uplifted my spirits . Love ya ! 
The love that I have for my husband and boys is the same love that I have for God-unfaltering , unconditional , and unwavering . No one can change that . 
Glad me niece is finally enjoying life 
so much to do in so little time . 
It has been thirteen years since I have been with my hubby . Happy anniversary ! 
Well I have to have surgery again on my knee . It's time to take it easy . 
Tired ... 
Two more weeks before I have surgery again on this knee . Ugh . Lord strengthen me . 
I love me some @ < PROPFIRST > Burnett . Thank you for making me happy . To GOD be the < PROPFEMALE > . 
I voted today ! 
Tomorrow is the day . Pray for my strength . Love ya ! 
I thank God I am ok but I am in a lot of pain . 
I can't wait to see my sisters tomorrow and in two weeks . I am in pain but am feeling so loved . Thank you God for placing them in my life . 
My sis < PROPFEMALE > is in town . I can't wait to see her and the fam . I am ready to bond with all my sisters and brothers . I love you all . 
Celebrating my hubby's birthday . I love you dear . 
Sitting here thanking God that he has provided me with strong family and friends and has given me the strength to deal with anything that comes my way . A change is soon coming and I am ready ! 
I wish this weather would stop hurting my knee and that it will stop swelling like a balloon . 
