i just noticed that < PROPFEMALE > i write sheet , it looks like sleet 

Uhh if any1 has something to ask/talk to me about send me a pm or instant message on my hotmail daemonlord2374@hotmail.com becuz i dont even go on facebook that much hehe x3 
I just saved money on my car insurance by threatening my agent with a golf club , WUT WUT ? 
Lol what , moms going to buffet with aunt and some others , she wants me to come becuz its teh day b4 halloween and shes afraid something will happen to me . The heck ? 
If only i could sleep all day and not worry about anything , 24 hours of dreaming . But then again i dont usually get any dreams at all . 
You know what ive always wondered , what the hell does Judaism teach ? 
Dammit , i think i shouldve taken Mandarin after all . The dude who subbed for my 6th period said that theres more chinese speaking ppl around here(meaning chinese speakers will get better jobs ) then there are spanish speaking , hope that shit aint true 
< PROPFIRST > Lopez ftw 
Tried out farmville and to be honest , i dont like it =/ 
today was crazy , 6th period subsitute was taller then kumar !!!! hes 6 something and the sub was 6'8 . Crazy stuff 
Moms drunk , today feels like its been forever . Really tired atm , just wishing today would just end 
I want to just wait for 2012 and go on a killing spree then go out Hitler style , Suicide 
daddy i wanna grow up to be a terrorist :D lol 
You should have learned by now , I'll burn this whole world down . 
If A = B then does Not A = Not B ? 
Wow , theres this stupid bug in my room and it just WONT DIE , i tried slamming it with a water bottle , crushing it with my flashlight , i even sprayed it with air refreshener , and it still doesnt die , it keeps coming back , ITSA ZOMBIE GOD BUG !!! 
LAWL THEYRE MAKING A < PROPMALE > AND THE OLYMPIANS MOVIE ! 
ZzzZzzZzz ... need more sleep ..... ZzzZzzZzzZ ... 
Torture and forced interrogations are for the incompetent ; manners and civility are far more effective ... and deadly . 
Wishing or believing does not make it so . Expecting matters to worsen ensures that they will ; expecting them to improve is merely foolishness . 
I use to raise a pig all year then slaughter it for a pig roast .. and they squeal like hell when you bash their head in with a hammer and it never bothered me ... infact it made the porch chops all the better .. see the trick is to nail them in the forehead with a pick ended hammer this way you pierce the brain and they die slow and don't bleed out into the meat 
Dammit why do the awesome novels have to be eroge , Fate/Stay Night , Tsukihime . Why do hey have to be eroge visual novels QQ . 
A preview of Fable 3 on G4 made me want to buy it < PROPFEMALE > it comes out . Weapon customization , given a blank canvas and you can do watever you want with it including usage and skills .... Time to create an epic scythe ... 
Woke up in morning today thinking it was saturday , that i could sleep in more . Mom woke me up and said to get ready to school . I was like DAMMIT ! 
Blackout yesterday scared the crap out of me , was playing modern warfare 2 . Veteran on the mission < PROPFEMALE > the nuke hits and part with helicopters falling out of sky , blackout made me think \HOLY SHIT THE RUSSIANS ARE NUKING US ! \"" 
A neurotic is a man who builds a castle in the air . A psychotic is the man who lives in it . A psychiatrist is the man who collects the rent . 
Whenever I'm caught between two evils , I take the one I've never tried 
The neurotic is the one who builds a castle in the sky . The psychotic is the one who lives in it . The psychiatrist is the one who collects the rent . Which are you ? 
For those of you who are looking for something good to watch , i suggest : Darker Than Black , Fate/Stay Night , Higurashi No Koro Ni(Warning , not for those weak of heart . It is scary ) , Tsubasa , < PROPFEMALE > no Kyoukai(Slightly scary . ) 
I lold < PROPFEMALE > i saw gmail , they apparently have a \vowel outage \"" 
You ever wonder what its like to kill someone . Would you give them a long and painful death , or a quick and painless one ? 
I'm trying to kill my mind . The mind is the slayer of the real . if i can slay the slayer , I can find reality . This world is not reality . it is delicious < PROPFEMALE > . Illusion . The physical world . 
lol the < PROPFEMALE > rvw prep thing for cam was actually kinda fun . 
Cake , pie , or ice cream ? 
We will all burn in a hell of our own making one day . 
Awesome ! Theyre making a < PROPMALE > of Persia movie ! 
Electric flyswatters are so fun to play with , keep the bug on it and just hold it . 
The fat man once asked \Have you ever sat on your hand until it fell asleep then jacked off with it and pretended it was somebody else\ " And by fat man i mean < PROPFIRST > Griffin . " 
If you consider me a friend or aquaintance put a :) . If you hate me put a : < . If i made you sad put a :( . If you think im some psychotic crazy sociopathic bastard like this status . Put this(or you can edit some things ) on your status and see what ppl think about you :D 
quae nocent docent . What pains us , trains us . 
Cops came today , arrested a CHINESE(i think ) guy next door . They came to make sure we were fine . Dad says he was arrested because parents called cops on him , thought he was psychotic , prob threatened ot kill them or something . Crazy though , they were packing some heat . One of the cops that came into our house had like an M4/M16 
Kill a man , and you are an assassin . Kill millions of men , and you are a conqueror . Kill everyone , and you are a god 
The young choose once , choose twice , even thrice , \ 
and never ever seek or ask advice . \ 
The older wiser ask a friend , someone wise , \ 
but never seem to do as he'd advise\ 
\ 
So choose as if an unwise choice would kill , \ 
because , when one expects it least , it will . 
Anyone planning on watching The Expendables or Vampires Suck ? Lol 
Freakin schedule , gotta walk all over the place 
Checking out a live stream of Halo Reach on GameTrailers.com 
Why are there clubs for specific ethnicities ... 
signed up for AGL and JAM club , might un-sign one of them and just be in one , anyways where are we suppose to go for meetings and shiz !!?!?! 
My health book gives me paper cuts ... 
The Rally killed my eardrums , anyone else ? 
Lol i heard about a robbery over radio , guy robbed a guys house , then thought that the owner wouldnt be home yet so he took a nap , owner came home and saw him , screamed , and neighbors caught him 
God i miss Front Mission 3 , ill \eject punch\ " your lunch right out of your stomache : X " 
I freaking love root beer barrel < PROPFEMALE > : X 
I think my asthma came back after taking all those meds , came back with a vengeance ... Hope i dont have to take any tests on friday , that would suck . 
i forget wat Mrs. Wheatons bio homework was >_> 
Ware ha omokageshi wo su to haru kumo . Youkoso kono subarashiki zansatsu kukanhe . 
October is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
For Sheaffers word castle , what the hell is \knowledge connection \"" 
If everything in McDonalds was nicknamed into what they reallly were id have a Heart-Attack-in-a-box(Big < PROPMALE > ) French Death(Fries ) , and a Medium White Milk Stroke(Vanilla milkshake ) 
anyone wearing a costume tommorow ? 
Dynasty Warriors Online is going Open Beta , check aeriagames.com for more info . Anyone who grew up playing DW or into the Three Kingdoms < PROPFEMALE > of Chinese History should totally try it out . Fucking awesomeness . 
Lulz , got flu shot and blood drawn today , 7 or 8 vials of blood . Its weird , i find it interesting , i kind of like stared at my blood being drawn the whole time . So mesmerizing 
So i joined JAM at school , but i have no fucking idea where we meet . 
lol msn news , \They call it porn in a cup \"" 
thanksgiving break is over :( time to wait for christmas 
woke up this morning , twitched suddenly and my head smashed into the wall , sub-consciously owning myself >_> 
i just saw a video on youtube called \ONLY WATCH IF YOU PUNCH BABIES \"" 
damn , winter break went by fast @_@ 
I have a feeling that in college , ill be eating instant noodles for every meal of every day , to save money . As long as its chicken flavor . 
Hmm , finals eh ? wonder what itll be like 
finally figured out how to use sin , cos , tan on my calculator so i dont have to memorize the entire table or get a new calculator >_> 
i feel liek an old man .... my back ... 
mmmmm 
lol that rally was lulz , anyone ever realize that claustrophobic people get f'ed over 
oh god , i forget if Mrs. Sheaffer ever gave us an english book or not , i dont think she ever did . or i lost it at the beginning of school or something >_> 
