So , I joined Facebook . Too used to MySpace . I don't understand this thing at all yet .. 

taking my CPL class this weekend . Wish me luck . 
is getting ready for his CPL class ! Woo ! 
Range day for the CPL class . Wish me luck . Shouldn't put that hard to hit a piece of paper at 7 yards , but you never know . 
is now certified to < PROPFEMALE > a concealed pistol . Just gotta go register with the state and wait for my card , now . 
is applying for an armed security guard position . One step closer to becoming a cop . 
is out celebrating IRELAND , lads and lasses ! < PROPFEMALE > Rebel style ! 
is registering his CPL . 
Just got back from bowling with my lil ' bro and sis . ( Nate and Ems . ) Had a blast ! 
Health Care < PROPMALE > passed ? Euuugh ... I'm not sure how this will turn out . 
How much longer will we continue to be a nation of wolves led by sheep ? What will be that catalyst that returns the natural order ? 
has a single action six-shooter , now . Call me < PROPMALE > . 
just took his revolver for a test drive . Couldn't be happier with it . 
Just when I thought they couldn't screw up my favorite video game series of all time anymore , they go ahead and make \Resident Evil : Afterlife\ " . Someone . Please . Just shoot me . -_-" 
Go to Google . Type in \Find < PROPMALE > Norris\ " and click the \ " I'm feeling lucky\ " button . " 
Calling all \SHRED\ " cast and crew members ... get ready . The game's about to begin . " 
is tired of waiting for his Concealed Pistol License . This process takes too long . 
Just shaved his long haired dog into a shorthair . Please God , let the shedding end there . 
It really is amazing that when you think you've hit rock bottom , the world is swallowing you up , and you'll never amount to anything , that a few perfect words from an old friend can really , really , shake things up - in a good way . 
For everyone that doesn't know , I just got home from the Hospital . My < PROPMALE > and I were out shooting , and a slip of judgement on my part lead to a misfire that made it's home in my kneecap . I'm alright now , I'll recover fully . It's a powerful reminder , though , and I'll never forget it . 
Ow ... Ow ... Ow ... God , this pain suuuucks ! 
Actually got out for a bit today . Dad helped me change the bandage , got to see how the wound looks ... really wish I didn't . Ew . XD We went to eat and stopped over at Grandmas . Great weather . Only been locked inside a few days and I already started going crazy . 
Rock Band - Cripples Edition , tonight ! This oughtta be a hoot . 
My knee's getting a bit more flexible , but there's still swelling , and it still hurts . Recovery's not around the corner , but it's definitely going to happen . 
just watched Avatar . I definitely see what all the hype was about now . That movie was simply amazing . On top of that , inspiring . Maybe I need to get out of the horror movie buisness . Anyways , Avatar , definitely one of my favorite movies of all time , now . Check it out if you haven't seen it . 
just had the cops knock on the door . Yes , at two AM . Seems someone filed a noise complaint against me . Answering the door alone , half asleep , and in my boxers helped my case that I was not , in fact , having a party as they were told . Man , I hate people . 
just got back from the doctors . Stitches are out , healing nicely , they said . But I can't go < PROPMALE > back to work just yet . 
Keyboard in Rockband 3 ? Really ? Do we REALLY need a keyboard ? -_- 
Just a heads up for anyone that's been trying to call/text me , my phone is out of service . I can't call out , send texts , or get texts . I can still recieve calls , though . But if I don't get to the phone in time I got no way to call any of you people back . 
has just been screwed over by the disability company . They apparently mailed out my checks , but I never got them . Haven't been paid in two weeks . The best they can do ? Direct deposit the FIRST one I missed , about two weeks from now . /screwed 
Just got back from my friends < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding and reception . Good time . Great couple , I wish them the best . Now when is my turn , dammit ? 
loves him some Nazi Zombies on COD : World at War . Anyone else have teh game and want to play ? :D 
I'm looking to get a recliner . Nothing fancy , just something to put my feet up . Any ideas where I can get a cheap one ? 
' s knee is actually starting to look like a knee again ! Thank God . I was getting worried it never would again . I think it had to do with me swimming yesterady . I'm gonna swim a bit each day while I'm still off , that seems to be great therapy . 
still can't sleep . Gonna get some medication for that . 
feels godawful , and has all day . Stomache ache . Everytime I feel like I fought it off , it comes back worse . Eugh . 
Ugh . Went from eight weeks off to twelve hour shifts , all week . All week , 12 hours a day , on my bad knee . I know I'm just complaining , but that's hard to accustom yourself to , even if you HAVE been working normal shifts . My everything aches , the aspirin isn't enough , and the last bottle of prescribed painkillers I have is gonna run out fast . Here's hoping my body toughens it out and gets stronger real fast . 
\Our endless maniacal appatite left us with another way to die . \"" 
accidently deleted his UFO sighting status update ! Dammit ! I'm workin on getting the video on YouTube , still ! 
is looking to sell his . 22 Caliber Revolver , cheap . 150$ , with holster . Let me know if you're interested . 
Just had to reinstall Windows again . Ugh . I hate that process . Though it's always nice to start with a clean slate , once you've gotten rid of the crap you don't need and put your data back . 
Any one have any single lady friends ? I'm tired of being ignored . -_- 
just had Birthday dinner with his Mom at Red < PROPFIRST > . Thanks Mom ! Also , took my new . 22 out for a spin . It's a sniper for sure . Problem with the slide gumming up though ... ugh . I'm done buying guns used . 
Just paid for car insurance . Ouch . And registration . So ya'll can get off my back now ! :P 
spent his birthday working twelve hours in a scorching hot shop under rushed conditions surrounded by people who hate him . Oh well . Another year goes by . At least now I get to have dinner with Grandma ! 
is really gonna miss his little brother . At least I know he'll be successful , I've never seen him so eager for something , he was made for this . Show them what a Quick+Jackson can do , PFC Quick ! Oo-ra ! 
The Expendables . SEE IT . SEE IT IF YOU ARE A MAN . I was not disappointed in the least , that is the BEST man movie ever . Action , Adventure , Comedy , people getting F**KED UP . And no romance to get in the way . I cannot wait to see it again . If you've seen it , tell me what you thought ! 
just got his first letter from < PROPMALE > in boot . He'd gone a long while with no letters , and was beginning to get worried he wasn't getting them because he keeps getting pulled to do things and misses mail call . When he asked if he had any letters , his drill instructor went batshit crazy on him . It brought him down . I know I've fallen behind , but I'm getting him regular letters now . Please , please , do the same . 
is ready for a three day weekend . Lots of cleaning and movie plotting to do . Also get to be in a parade Monday , in zombie/horror theme . Now ... what to be ... ? 
finally beat Batman : Arkham Asylum ! Epic ! 
' s movie pre-production is gaining momentum . Should be able to start the script soon , and the effects are almost completely covered . * crosses fingers * 
is starting his script ! 
is amazed at the lack of attention he gets open carrying his pistol . That's a good thing ! 
woke up this morning to find that he left his keys in the door all night . Holy CRAP I would have been screwed if someone took them . And looking all over my house for weeks , because I never do that . >.< 
just got more medical bills from earlier this year . When will this end ? >.< 
Thank you again , guardian angels . I really don't know what I would do without you . 
is finally seeing some progress with his weightlifting . Plus he finally broke 150 lbs ! Heaviest I've ever been ! 
hates his job , so , so much . Time to find a new one . Any suggestions ? 
Thank God it's Fall ! 
is eating peanut butter and raisins on celery . Mature ? No . Good ? Hell yes . 
is bloodying up bandages ... is it terror time already ? 
Well , that was interesting . Ah well . Nowhere to move here but onward . 
wants to learn to play his guitar . Anyone know anybody ? 
ran on the treadmill at therapy today . Yeah , you heard me right , ran ! I was getting really worried I wasn't gonna be able to do that again , but I'm finally getting some strength back in my knee ! 
had a good night tonight . It ended especially well ! I need help thinking of a costume for Halloween , too . Any suggestions ? I'm leaning toward either Scarecrow from Batman , or an Archangel . 
is practicing his photoshop skills . 
is excited for tommorow . 
is cleaning . Boooring . Got the Hilltop Hoods keeping me company on the xbox , at least . 
is hanging out with Ashleyyy ! 
had a blast with < PROPFIRST > ! ( and now , much needed sleep . ) 
Is bored to death by his day job . Can't wait to get back to Dementia . 
I'm hurting pretty bad . Might be down for the count tommorow . We'll see how I heal up tonight , I guess ! 
Going to the little sister's birthday party ! Happy 8th , Velle ! 
Off to have dinner with my grandmother ! It's nice to have homecooked meals every now and then . 
just hooked up his new HDTV . Sweeeeeet . 
Just got off the phone with my doctor ... looks like my leg could be fractured . Getting an x-ray tommorow to tell for sure . 
\Madness is the gift that has been given to me ! \"" 
My dog throws such a fit when I try to brush his teeth , I start thinking it isn't even worth it . Then I remember how bad his breath really is and get that sh*t done . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp9DHzgr758&NR=1\ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adW46gsMTXM&NR=1\ 
These are the two funniest things I have ever seen ! 
My god . I don't know what I would do without energy drinks . Probably die a sleep induced death . 
The haunted house is finally over , now I have time to work on Scorn again . But do I have the drive to work on it still , is the question . -_- 
Life just suddenly became a lot less complicated . <3 
just got Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2011 . Hooooly crap , this game is wicked . And hard . >.< 
Just spent some time with my little brother , < PROPFIRST > Quick . Really good to see him again , really proud of what he's doing and who he's become . Gonna put him in a headlock if he calls me a garbage civilian again . 
So we went to dinner tonight , < PROPMALE > looked real spiffy in his dress uniform . We hadn't been in the restaurant waiting for our table for five minutes when a man approached my brother and shook his hand and thanked him for what he was doing . He may not have seen combat yet , but I saw the pride in him in that moment none the less , and he deserves it . It almost feels like he's the big brother now . 
Just had the best day ever yesterday . Ever ! Life continues to get better and better with you around ! 
Just got a new phone ! The Evo4G ! 
I tend to be pretty good with technology , you all know that . I pick it up quick and don't usually have any problems , regardless of how new it is . This new phone though , is putting me in my place . >.< 
Just beat Modern Warfare 2 , that game is epiiic ! Can't wait for the next one ! 
Applebees this weekend ? ;D 
Got me a < PROPFIRST > Foreman grill . Let the good times begin . 
A church of Scientology in my neighborhood ? I'm not gonna stand for that . 
Black Ops is much cooler than I was led to believe . 
You . Can't . Win . This . Fight ! 
Great . My computer broke and I have no clue why . Yet another thing I need to dump the money I don't have into . -.- 
Sometimes , I just wanna move far far away and start from scratch . 
is so f% #king bored . I have got to get out of this apartment . 
Recommend a movie for me to watch . Any genre , any time period . Preferably your favorite movie . The only stipulation is that you need to tell me why ( continued ) 
Augh ! My whole apartment complex just lost power ! 
Got the computer fixed , but I've finally got my mind set on getting a new one . Seeing about getting one built now , if that falls through , I'll go shopping . I neeeed an updated game machine . 
May need a power supply swapped out in my prospective new computer ... anyone think they can help me with that ? :D 
Has a new computer in the mail and a new . 45 in his hand . It feels like Christmas ! 
Woooo ! School's closed ! snow day ! ... waitaminute . >.< 
... fuzzy leg warmers , omg . 
I wanna make you feel like your the only girl in the world . 
Got the whole computer thing sorted out , thanks to < PROPMALE > D . Harrod . Moved all the stuff from the < PROPFEMALE > tower to a full sized one . Running Windows 7 on a brand new machine now , I can finally relax ! 
She finally said those three words I've been waiting years to hear . :3 
Heading over to Grandma's to spend the < PROPFEMALE > with the Quick side of the family . < PROPFEMALE > ryone be safe tonight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
Playing World of Warcraft : Cataclysm and listening to Eluveitie . Epic morning . 
Got the surround sound hooked up . Still gotta tack down the wires , and splice some more wire onto one of the speakers , but it sounds pretty good . Also : One more day of work , then five days off . Epiiic . Hit me up ! 
Surround sound is now completely hooked up and put in place . No more loose wires . I'm proud of myself . :D Happy New Year , everyone ! 
It's Monday , and I've still got today and tommorow off ! Nyah nyah ! XD 
Woke up to a text from my girlfriend full of pictures of her Blood Elf Warlock she designed for WoW . That made my day . ... I'm such a nerd . 
Misses his Meggiezilla . :( 
Film crew : We've got a camera and camerawoman for use for the movie . This ain't no cheap camera , either ! Can you say HD ?! 
Today is < PROPFEMALE>'s first day of school ! Good luck , Meggie ! <3 
is living the good life ! :D 
can't stop rearranging his living room . < PROPFEMALE > and I finally came up with the end all arrangement , but it's going to involve a LOT of work , including taking down the entire surround sound system . Oh boy . 
For once in my life , everything is going right . From a girl whose smile makes my whole world , to my best friends who make everything a hilarious adventure . I've got no stress right now , not worried about anything . And for the first time in TEN years , I got money BACK from taxes ! That's never happened ! :D 
Weekend , where did you go ?! Ugh . 
For some reason , my post from earlier this week didn't go through . I got a raise and a bonus after my review ! I have much more appreciation for my job , now . Also , just upgraded my desktop computer . Wireless keyboard and mouse , plus a 20 inch LCD monitor . Gonna set up the girlfriend's desktop here so I can teach her to play WoW before I ship it off to her place . Rock on ! 
Going to buy Dead Space 2 ! Zombie hunting ... IN SPAAACE ! 
HOLY SH*TF*CK ! Dead Space 2 is the scariest thing I've ever played/watched ! Game has made me scream like a little girl more times than I'm comfortable with , and I'm only an hour in ! 
Updating my status with a Python around my neck . Never thought I'd say that . 
The world is not ending , fucktards , its going to SNOW ! Going to this grocery store would make you think it was the apocalypse ! 
So , it's been a while since the Blizzard . The roads are almost cleared . Think my parking lot is ? No . Two feet of snow , everywhere . I get home and end up sliding in nearly sideways to a \parking spot\ " . They couldn't have plowed HALF the spots ? So here's the best part : they don't have a snowshovel to let me dig my car out with . So I end up having to do it with a dustpan . I hate this fucking place . " 
Anyone want a 32 inch standard def TV ? 
Tired of putting in my all at work just to get fucked over . There's your lesson for the day kids . Don't try your hardest , because even if you do , 
Zombies ... IN SPACE ! Brilliant ! 
Sometimes it's the littlest things in life that make you happy . Like coming home from a hard day at work and looking up at your third floor apartment , where your dog is peering down at you and fidgeting excitedly . 
Jet's pizza , World of Warcraft and techno/rock playlist . Must be Friday night . 
Beat Dead Space 2 . Epiiic . I feel so accomplished . 
<3 Happy valentines day , Meggie ! Thank you for making everyday an adventure and being my teammate through it all . I love you ! :3 <3 
I'm not gonna have any days off left this year ! I finally decide to buckle down and save what I got , and we get another blizzard ! Augh ! >:( 
Just set Grandma Quick up with cable internet . I'm gonna give her a crash course in Facebooking soon , and then she'll be here , Quick family . 
Mom didn't like me saying one sentence defending my brother's right to get a tattoo so bad that she un-friended me , and for some bizzare reason , my girlfriend , who's never done anything to her . Congratulations , Mom , you win the \Most Immature Move of the Week\ " award ! " 
Just saw Rango with Meggie . It was /awesome/ . < PROPFIRST > Depp plays a peculiar character , as always , but for once he's not a completely ou t-t here crazy guy . And two words : Rattlesnake < PROPMALE > , probably one of my favorite movie characters ever . 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day once again , lads and lasses ! Careful out there tonight ! Personally , I'm sitting at home with the vodka and the Black Ops . Hell yeah ! 
21-3 , Black Ops TDM ! Yeeeeeeah ! 
Sometimes , I hate my life just because I gotta get up for work this early . This is one of those times . -_- 
Like this comment if you're fucking sick of Michigan . 
What is this , the winter that never f#@*ing ends ?! 
