Hey , guess what ... I just found all the birthday wishes on here from last week ... or was that two weeks ago ? Crap , I shouldn't have disabled the notifications . Sorry everyone ... 

Ah , only Florida .... Sunshine blazing , 85 degrees and a torrential downpour from clouds I can't see ... odd . 
Kind of wants to be chillaxin , but I don't know what that is . I do know cool people do it , so I'm frantically trying to figure it out as soon as possible . I wanna be chillaxin dog ! 
It's a pretty good day . I got carded at Publix tonight . I happily obliged . :) 
Is thrilled he can hide all of the stupid applications in the newsfeed . Don't really need to know everytime someone hatches a chick on their farm . 
Taking the week off ... Golf tomorrow at Palm Beach Gardens . Disney and Universal Studios later in the week . Good times people ... good times ! 
It was nice playing flag football in the 75 degree weather ( rather than 90 last week ) but that doesn't seem to minimize the aches and pains I'm having today . Ugh ... I can barely bend down to pick up somthing I dropped . < PROPMALE > Gutierrez < PROPMALE > Ladson 
High of 81 today .. nice breeze off of the Atlantic and a few clouds overhead . Should be perfect flag football weather . 
can't move ... barely made it to bed . This isn't good . 
Thank you Chargers ! Sweet victory . Makes up for the Dolphins loss earlier . 
Sad for my friends in Spokane over the loss of one of their own . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Cahill graduated from Rogers High and EWU . He was killed while serving at Fort Hood . 
Thinking of the vets today . I know it's not easy with all the clawing and barking and sometimes even biting , but we need you to help spay and nueter all you can . Thanks ! 
Like is good ... just got my All Access mouse pad for 2010 ... anyone need my old 2009 version ? It still works as a mousepad . hehehe 
Apparently the police asked Tiger's wife how many times she hit him . She said \I don't know exactly but put me down for a 5 . \"" 
Ok , seriously ... I'm realling looking forward to some cooler weather . It's been in the 80's forever ! One brief day down to 78 and now we're back up to 81 . It's ALMOST CHRISTMAS ! Hellllloooooooooooooooooooo 
Heading down to the beach to play some flag football with my peeps this morning . They better watch out , I'm bringing my cleats this time ! 
If you didn't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings --> Planetary Settings --> Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . 
Hight in Jupiter tomorrow : 48 , low of 33 . When you can't beat Mother Nature , join her . I'm going to make Vietnamese Pho ( beef noodle soup ) again . I just need to pick up the oxtail in the morning . 
In the midst of planning a little Chargers football party this coming Sunday , I realize I'm going to be on a plane to El < PROPMALE > . Hmmmmm , I probably should have put this on my calendar a few months ago . 
I love being on the East Coast and hearing people still talk highly of my Chargers . We don't usually get a lot of respect from this side of things . 
If it’s their fault for going to hell , how is it not to your credit for going to heaven ? - < PROPFIRST > Zender 
Getting ready for a trip to El < PROPMALE > on Monday with World Vision . Probably bought way too much stuff for the kids we'll be seeing . This is my first trip with WV and I'm VERY excited . Praying I see God . 
is full of gratitude . 
Great reminder from my friend < PROPFIRST > Sablon : 40 million homes will get a knock on their door starting today from the CENSUS BUREAU . They are trained to ask you questions from the porch NOT inside . They do not ask you for your social security number or banking information . If someone asks to come in and they ask you for your social or pin or mom's maiden name , they're probably trying to scam you . 
Listening to Success with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on the iPhone : http://bit.ly/AJSuccess #RelaxationApps . com 
Further proof of how awesome I am ... I'm now the mayor of the local Vietnamese restaraunt . Loves me some Pho 
Here's a little some'in ' some'in ' I just made up to make your Sunday afternoon a little more tropical : 
I was reading an article about < PROPFIRST > Vick and noticed one of the conditions for his return to the NFL was that he couldn't be in the company of other convicted felons . Does that mean he's not allowed to play in games against the < PROPFIRST > Cowboys ? 
.... aaaaaand that's a wrap ! 
Stress is created in the mind . It's not anywhere else in the universe ... it's not something you can go out and catch and it's not something you can buy in a jar . It's only created in the mind . 
A very productive weekend ... both on the fun side and the work side . Ready for Monday . It's going to be a GREAT week . 
\I hate quotations . Tell me what you know . \ " \ 
Getting ready for the 70's skate party tonight ... Came up with the perfect costume ... will post pics very soon . Hehehe Who loves ya ? 
Sometimes I wish I was back in San < PROPMALE > so I could be there with my family ... but , i know that's probably not going to happen . :( I miss them . Time for a vacation to SoCal . 
< PROPFEMALE > aviator advice : \Better to be down here wishing you were up there than the other way around . \"" 
Ooooh Five Guys is coming to Spokane ... you're getting there Spokane ... you're getting there . :) _ ... 
How about my Padres ? I mean Marlins ... no ... Padres . Yeah , definitely Padres . :) 
I'm starting to think the doctrine of eternal torment makes it easier for us to condemn people who aren't like us . If God can cast even those He loves , into an infinite torment for a finite crime , It seems our hate is not that big of a leap from there . 
Ok , my Dolphins are kind of impressing me today . Nice job boys ! 
how about those Fins ... 2-0 !!! Woooohooo ... bolts up next . :) 
I DON'T like it when she makes me hold it the whole time . 
If prop 19 passes , I'm considering a move back to Cali ... Vote accordingly . :) 
Fantastic weather . Had a cold front move through yesterday ( got a good amount of rain ) and now it's a wonderful 70 degrees today . Windows and doors are all open enjoying this place we call paradise . 
To my fellow vets , thank you and be blessed today . I had the honor of serving under President < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > in peacetime . Those who serve today are giving up so much more . We're a grateful nation seoerating the warrior from the war . 
Just dawned on me ... < PROPMALE > Miller movies aren't that big of a deal down here in Florida 
15 minutes till Iron Maiden tickets go on sale ... woooohoooo ! I've wanted to see these guys again for YEARS ! Up the irons ! 
OK , enough already South Florida ! I get it ... it's Winter . Can you now bring back the nice warm weather ? We won't complain this summer , I promise . ... and no , the 50's and even 60s is NOT warm ! I want my high 70's or low 80's back . PLeeeeease ! 
Homemade tamale making party tonight . Mojitos and masa dough ... it's going to be a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > .. Happy Holidays to all ... Feliz Navidad , Happy Kwanzaa , Happy Hanukkah , a belated and blessed Bodhi Day , and wished for a blessed Eid-al-Adha . 
we should stop thinking of Christmas as a Christian holiday . I'm certain Jesus wasn't born at this time of year and if he was , he wouldn't want us making this fuss over him . Now we can all just have a good time , < PROPFEMALE > out with the people we love and give each other cool shit we're going to return the next day and nobody has to bitch and moan about whether you said < PROPFEMALE > Christmas or Happy Holidays . Have a nice day ! 
I think my brother status captures his thoughts on yesterday's game very well : \Watching the Chargers is like getting gang-raped for three straight hours -- without any of the upside . \"" 
I'm really needing this weekend . Football tomorrow morning and then it's time to have fun working on the Mustang . At least it's going to be nice and cool in the 70's . 
Very excited about the rumors that < PROPMALE > & Jer along with < PROPFIRST > Sablan , < PROPFEMALE > Cain , and < PROPFIRST > Hoag may be back on the air in San < PROPMALE > . They are the ones who not only inspired me to get into radio , but HELPED me achieve my dream . God bless you guys ... thanks for what you did for me and for all of San < PROPMALE > . Thanks ! 
Kind of done with the whole Christian radio thing . I just don't fit anymore . I love radio , it's the other part that doesn't fit me anymore . 
“Everybody is a genius . But , if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will spend its whole life believing that it is stupid . ” - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Ten years from now we'll wish things would return to how they are today . So , let's live in the eternal now , with a joyful gratitude for what IS . 
Down to just one kid living at home . Bittersweet . 
