Bride Wars is a really cute movie ! :) 

Is off to work ! 
HAPPY FATHERS DAY !! DAD ! We love you !! 
is wondering why grown women have to act like high schoolers !? 
was at a stop light when i looked over and this guy who was talking on the phone was staring at me with his mouth wide open !! LOL ! i think he thought i am to young to drive . I need a bumper sticker that says i really am 17 !! LOL ! 
Had a GREAT time today !! 
had the best day dream today ! LOL ! 
is in the mountains in NC . I love it here !!! 
I miss jellystone already !! It was so much fun and pretty ! i am putting pictures up ! 
had a great time today !!!! 
senior year is going to be great ! i only have 2 classes !! though one of my teachers is crazy !! LOL ! 
got her hair cut and waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to call ! So i can go over !! 
i LOVE gummy worms !!!! 
Enjoyed riding bikes down the street covered in balloons with < PROPFEMALE > !! LOL1 
What up !! home skillet BISCUIT !!!! 
I love my new CD !!! RED ! 
\i don't wanna gain the whole world and lose my soul ! \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE >." 
I can officially drive other people Monday !! YAY !! And i am off from work ! i am definitely doing something !! 
i actually really like the red streaks in my hair !! next time maybe i will do more and leave it in longer ! < PROPFEMALE > that mean we need to get together soon ! LOL ! and we will be more prepared and will figure out a way to do it WITHOUT and audience !! that was really awkward !! LOL ! 
is not happy i have to write a paper comparing Beowulf to < PROPFEMALE > wars !! 
Ya'll need too listen to this song ! its my latest fav . Tell me what you think !! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyEsy-m-Rvg&feature=related 
some idiot tried to run me off the road today ! Luckily i saw him as he started heading towards me ! and i know he saw me too because i looked him right in the face as i pulled away ! JERK ! 
is very dissapointed i went and told every one at work the dawgs WILL win and they should be ashamed their not wearing the colors and yet here they went and lost . Grrrrr ... 
Just got back from Chik-Fil-A , it was really crowded but worth it !!! 
I LOVED Transformers revenge of the fallen movie !! it was amazing ! 
I have the sweetest residents !! One of them made me some cake !! i am really becoming fond of old people . i don't know if that's good or bad . 
FB just deleted everything on my home < PROPFEMALE > !! i have nothing and its keeps saying that oi need to find more friends ? what ? 
WOOOHOOOO !!! The DAWGS won !! YES !! 
YAY !! I have another < PROPMALE > to go to Camp Maranatha !!! YES !!!!!!! i am so exited ! 
Is going to go to east jacksons football game and homecoming with CCHS ! and GO GLADS ! Written all over my car ! and i am going to dye my hair red ! LOL ! 
CCHS may have lost one game but we won't lose another ! every one is entitled to a bad game and that was ours ! now i hope that the bulldogs win tonight !!!! 
is off to watch the game with the youth ! GOOO .... DAWGS !!! 
Oh ! fun i get to write a 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper about Life in a Castle during the middle ages ! plus a 10 < PROPFEMALE > . presentaion to go with it . 
Is at Bridgets but bumed about the rain ! Now i can't decorate my car . 
NCIS !!! i can't wait !!! 
Gooooooo ........ Dawgs !!!! Sic Em !! 
is craving Dr. Pepper ! LOL ! I love that stuff ! 
i will be happy when this week is OVER !! 
had a pretty good day ! YAY ! 2 more days till the weekend !! I am taking the SAT satuday ! 
i love the mentalist ! LOL ! 
Will you all send me a bunch of trees and animals for my farm town ? 
according to the residents since i say ya'll i have a southern accent ! LOL ! 
I thought i was cried out but apparently not ! I have decided not to cry anymore until < PROPFEMALE > is officially gone . I will make her last days the best that i can !! 
I don't think people understand how important < PROPFEMALE > is in our family ! SHE IS FAMILY !! and i am losing her . i am going to miss her so much ! please don't come friday !!! 
I wish dogs coould understand people that way i could tell < PROPFEMALE > how much i love her and will miss her ! I took her name tag and made a neckalce and i will wear it ! my computer is wet . i wish i could stop crying . 
my heart hurts so bad !!! i keep looking for her and shes not here ! i miss her ! 
facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then press up & down & Magic circles will appear 
Some guy the other day thought i was 12 !!! Ugggg ..... 
CAN'T WAIT TILL NEW < PROPFEMALE > TONIGHT !!! 
NCIS !!!!!! 
I am in a really big Twilight mood !!! I love those books !! 
I LOVE GUMMY BEARS !!! 
IS A NEW MOMMY TO < PROPMALE > COOPER WOLFF !!!!! 
Is proud to go to CCHS !!!! only we can get in the newspaper over socks , and go to the dome !!! WE are gonna WIN !!!!!! 
CLARKE CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL IS GOING TO THE DOME !!! YAYA !!!! 
GOOOOOOOOOO CENTRAL !!!!!!!!!! 
I love my little dog < PROPMALE > !! 
< PROPMALE > is finally chewing a bone !! YAY ! before he wouldn't even look at it ! i am so happy ! LOL ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !! I hope everyones was great !!! 
can't wait till YEC tomorrow !! its going to be so much fun ! 
my 6 pound bag of gumy bears are going to last me a long time :) 
hahaha !! I had a ton of fun at YEC now MOVE , i will have memories to laugh about for a long time ... LOL ! 
2011 wow ! Happy New Year !!! :D 
NCIS !!!! YAY !! 
I hope it SNOWS . i don't think i am going to like economics ... not sure yet though . 
LOL !! SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW !!!!! and no work tomorrow !! how much better can it get !!!! :D 
NCIS TONIGHT !!! Can't wait ! 
NCIS !!!! 
i saw 2012 . really good movie . it really makes you think .... 
< PROPMALE > is on the computer with me , LOL ! hes literally standing on my lap looking at the screen ! 
i was sitting in class when one of my classmates asked if i was a midget ! i said no i'm 5'2 . then she said then your a dwarf . i said no agian . then had to argue with her that yes i am 5'2 ( actually i think i am a little taller ) . LOL ! 
please help with my stable on farmville ! 
can't believe i am 18 today !!! 
ITS SNOWING !!!!!! beat you < PROPFEMALE > !! LOL ! 
I think it is sticking too , i sat there and watched one land and it didn't melt !! YAY !! oh please stick !! i love snow ! 
I LOVED the SNOW !! I hope it snows again monday !! 
how cool would it be if it snowed again tonight !!!! 
Everyone makes mistakes , but depending on how you choose to correct them decides the final outcome ! 
anyone interested or know of someone interested in a dog ??? 
I am listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > while packing !! Can't wait till D-NOW !!! 
I LOVED DNOW !! 
important Question : Are YOU Delicious ? :) 
This big ol ' light of mine , I'm gonna let it shine !!! :D 
I really like Lecrea !! I can't wait till the next fusion since S.O.C. is going to be there !! i got it right that time :) S.O.C. Reppin G.O.D !!!!! 
We're souljahs of the cross , S.O.C. Reppin G.O.D. !!!!!!! 
I managed to break a glass while playing wii . It was very gracefully done ! :) 
at bridgets still about to watch < PROPMALE > Caspian for the first time :) We decided to avoid the wii for a while !! :D 
i made it home , no wrong turns . and i made it in record time ! YES ! 
Everyone makes mistakes , its how you choose to correct them that determines the final outcome ! 
NCIS tonight !!!! YAY !!! 
I am so releived my econ . project is done ! i didn't think it was possible in one day . and now i am treating myself to Big macs and fries ! YUM !! 
The Mentalist tonight !! YAY !!! 
NCIS !!!!! 
Going to Fusion sunday !!!! any one want to come ??? SOC is going to be there !!! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Texas Ranger with < PROPFIRST > ! GOOOOO ..... Trivette !! 
I can't wait till FUSION tonight !!!! 
leaving for FUSION !!! :) :D 
LOVED FUSION !! S.O.C REPPIN G.O.D !!!!! 
NCIS !!! love that show !!! 
can't wait till tomorrow !!!! :) then saturday !!! :D 
< PROPMALE > and i decided to take a walk today . It is so pretty outside , with the flowers starting to bloom ! 
< PROPFIRST > about gave me a heart attack i didn't know he had early release from school and i thought our crazy neighbor was breaking in !! i was running and checking locks and windows called my mom just when i got a hold of her i saw < PROPFIRST > . LOL ! hes lucky i didn't call the police i was about to ! NOONE goes to our back door ! 
NCIS tonight !!!! YAY !!!!!!!! 
people ask why God doesn't destroy evil things or why he alows bad things to happen but they don't stop to think that we are the evil/sinners . if he destroyed evil/sin he would destroy all of us . by him allowing it hes showing us mercy and love . 
This week would have been a nice week for spring break ... 
AHHHH !!! RED is going to be in Atlanta on the 27th .!!! and i happen to be off from work . I wanna go so bad ! i love RED !!! LOL 
I LOVE LECRAE !!! 
i found my keys !!! YES !! i knew they were in the house !! 
U own nothing , not even ur body . Ur a manager . Money & time is wasted if it does not acheive the purposes of its owner , God . -- Lecrae 
Have < PROPFEMALE > with all things , but chiefly have < PROPFEMALE > with yourself . Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections but instantly set about remedying them -- every day begin the task anew . 
had fun at the yak-n-snack !!! 
someone in class today asked if world war 2 was the war over freeing the slaves ..... 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Gizmo , and i are going to go on a walk . its so pretty outside ! 
hahahaha ... i got a kick out of watching < PROPMALE > flip out about 2 little Chiwawa's where < PROPMALE > the big dog just looked at them ! LOL ! 
i am enjoying a delicious lemon cake ! YUM !! its nice and moist !! 
REMINDER : Are you being Delicious ? 
sat down in my computer chair and went right through it ! LOL ! guess i need a new chair . 
Live as though Christ died yesterday , < PROPFEMALE > from the grave today , and is coming back tomorrow . 
About to go to the mall with < PROPFEMALE > then work ! 
I love this weather !! 
Do not have your concert first and tune your instruments afterwards . Begin the day with God . 
\I do not talk to the PoPo . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > \ " I am not the PoPo more like the PoPo consultant . \ " LOL ! i love the Mentalist ! " 
i love my little dog < PROPMALE > ! :D 
i was called into work this morning . 
going camping next month !! Can't wait !!! 
NCIS tonight ! can't wait !! I love that showm its one of the only 2 shows i watch on T.V. 
I love spring !! Its so pretty outside with all the colors and i love the smell of spring . :D 
fell through my chair again ... i think its time i bought another one ! 
I am eating peaches ! YUM ! 
I am not thrilled about our senior picknic .... i mean really the football field ? Why do we have to have a permission slip to go outside ? i think i am skipping . 
my cars airconditiner is now working :) 
souljahs of the cross ... souljahs of the cross .... We're the S.O.C Reppin G . O . D ... We're the S.O.C. Reppin G.O.D !!!!! LOve this band right along with Lecrae !! listen to them on myspace !! 
Prom tomorrow !!!! Can't wait !!!!! 
I had an interesting run in with the sub way guy !! LOL !!!!! 
Identity is found in the God we trust . any other identity will self destruct !!!! --- Lecrae 
I love international day !! we had over 42 different nationalities represented just at CCHS !!!! 
the one day i get to sleep in .. i don't . i was up at 7 this morning . why can't i get up at 7 this easy on school days !! 
can't wait till the Yak n Snack tonight ! 
NCIS !!! YAY !!! love that show !! 
I really enjoyed the Relay last night !!! Its amazing what God can do !! 
hahaha i have a new favorite Lecrae song !!! LOL ! i gotta get their other C.D. 
going camping for the weekend !! YAY !!! 
Camping was nice ! we had fun ! < PROPMALE > barked at everything ! LOL ! he was a mess . he slept on my head both nights . but it was his first camping trip ever so he should get better ! :D 
\i used to wish that i had shoes ... till i saw a guy with no feet . \ " -- Ducky from NCIS " 
Home !!! Malibu was AMAZING !! Go Karts are the BEST !!!!! :D :) 
Its been a nice relaxing day !!!! :D 
There's no mandate to be the richest , most popular , have the most or biggest . Only love God , share truth , make disciples . --- Lecrae ! 
NCIS !!!!!! Gibbs is in trouble ....... 
Thank you everyone for the graduation wishes !!! ( i didn't fall ) I am no longer a High School Senior , but a High School Graduate !!! i thought it would never come !! :D 
gonna go watch a movie with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > !! :D 
Can't wait to go camping !! we are leaving tomorrow morning ! I haven't been to the beach in at least 9 years ! maybe more ! im soooo exhited !!!! 
I'M HOME !!!! It was GREAT ! i love the beach ... i saw sting rays , jelly balls , 4 ft shark , 3 baby sharks , and crabs ... took a ton of pictures ! 
I miss the beach !!!! check out my pictures !! 
I can't stand Hypocrates !!!!! 
its been a long day !!!! 
I had a pretty good day today !!! can't wait till tues .!!!! 
4 more days !!!!! 
I have a big day ahead of me !! Im so exhited !!! 
GREAT NIGHT !!! ECLIPSE was amazing ! i really liked it . deff . worth watching at midnight !! 
I am really exited about 6 flags thursday !!! 
I'm so proud of my mom !!! God anwers prayers !!! 
I LOVED the 6 flags trip ! it was so much fun ! and the ride i was most scared of ended up being one of my favorites !! Goliath !! :D 
I feel really good about my purchases today !!! 
Fried Chicken just doesn't taste the same w/o cane sauce !! 
I can't wait till Step Up 3 comes out !!!! 
Going to Bridgets for the day !!!! :D :) 
gotta go to work at 7am . goodnight !! 
I have a new favorite ice cream grasshopper !!!!! 
I never thought i would see the day my LITTLE brother will get his licence . I am proud of him but terrified !!! < PROPFIRST > is now a < PROPFEMALE > driver !! 
i love love loved Step Up 3d !!!!!! its a really good movie !!! 
God works in so many amazing ways !!!!!!! I am so happy !! 
My Chiwawa/Doxin mix howls like a hound dog !! LOL !!!! Its absolutly hilarious he throws his head back and just howls !! 
YAY !! its the weekend and i have both days off !!!! :D 
Big day tomorrow !! I am sooo exited !! 
I am off to the concert !!! I am < PROPFEMALE > exited !! Its my first concert !! :D 
BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE !!!!!!!! The concert was amazing !!!! :D :) :D i had so much fun !!! and so many new memories !!! 
I really really like the Action Item CD !!! 
I love Cheez-it's!! 
really wanna win the commercial contest !!!! 
Braves game was great ! Braves lost though :( 
Yup , i deff . took a shower then decided i was hungry and wanted a dr. pepper float . so i went in my bathrobe ! LOL ! 
can't wait till the < PROPFEMALE > game tomorrow !! I am so glad AJ Green is going to play !! 
so proud of the bulldawgs !! What a great way to start the season !!! Dissapointed in Green though , but deff . a new fan of the ne querter back !!!!! :D 
I can't wait for the football game !! Goooooo ....... DAWGS !!!!!!!!! :D plus proud of < PROPFIRST > . he placed 28 out of 250 people in a cross country race this morning . :) 
I am really bummed about the football game !! :( 
Love isn't just about feelings but the actions that you show others . God showed his love by sending his son to die on the cross for our sins . 
i am PUMPED for the LECRAE concert !!!!! I can't wait !!!!! 
Bowling was great !!! Hit my personal record of 114 !!! :D 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ................ Thats the sound of the soldier !!!!! S.O.C REPPIN GOD !!!!! Its been a GREAT night !!! 
OG : \so you like christian rap ? \ " Alex : \ " Lecrae ..... oct . 15 ..... friday .... next month ... \ " Og : \ " haha .. cool dude i will be there too . \ " Alex : \ " Lecrae ... \ " Og : \ " what grade you in ? \ " Alex : \ " .............. 8th\ " LOL !! it was pretty great !! " 
YAK N Snack tonight !!! 
School starts tomorrow ! 
I HATE SPEECHES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i do NOT want to do it !!! 
CCHS WINS AGAIN !!!!! :D :) 
I just realized something and im not sure if i like it ........ on the bright side I LOVE MY NEW LECRAE CD !!! REHAB !!! 
WORLD CHANGERS WEEKEND !!! CAMP MARANATHA !!!! I love that place !! i am so exited !! its nice to give back to a camp that gave me and my family so much ! 
God loves everyone no matter what they do or believe in . Its not our place to condem ANYONE !!! We should show Gods love as Christian to everyone we know no matter what . 
math HW done ... 1 more class to go !! 
i like it on the floor ! 
I like it on my chair !!!! :) 
I like it on my organ !!! 
I like it in my car with music on windows up and doors locked !!! 
math homework done . 1 more class to go ! then 3 DAY WEEKEND !!!! :) WORLD CHANGERS WEEKEND !! 
WORLD CHANGERS WEEKEND !!!!! Camp Maranatha !!!! I love that place !! can't wait to see it again !!! :D 
I like it on the floor in the doorway to my room ! 
I had a great time this weekend ! I feel like God did amazing things in everyones lives including mine ! :) WORLD CHANGERS WEEKEND !!! 
love you more than the sun \ 
And the stars that I taught how to shine \ 
You are mine and you shine for me to \ 
I love you \ 
Yesterday \ 
And today \ 
And tomorrow \ 
I'll say it again and again \ 
I love you more 
math teacher showed up over 30 < PROPFEMALE > . late today then let out early . :) 
NCIS !!!!!!!!! :D 
YAY !! 84 on my first math test !!!! :D 
LECRAE CONCERT TONIGHT !!!!!! I AM SOOOOO EXITED !!!!!!!! :D 
LECRAE WAS A GREAT CONCERT !! Hes amazing !! It was cool running into mr. < PROPMALE > and mrs. < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Lecrae pictures coming soon !! :D 
Lecrae pictures are up !!!! :D ! 
Lecrae video's are up ! 
The closer tues . gets the more stressed i get . I hate this class more than math , which says a LOT ! i do not talk in front of people . 
today i have cought myself talking with a country accent a few times . im not sure how i feel about that . i used to now have one . lol 
Went to Ci Ci's after work in my Pirate costume . lol ! people acted like they never see someone in a costume before .... 
I absolutly love The Mentalist !!! 
:( 
YAY !!! CCHS won again !!! 21-0 !!!! :D 
\Life is like an elevator 
CHEAT cheat cheat !!!! THEY HIT < PROPFIRST > UNFILRY AND THAT TEAM HIT OUR TEAM !! NOT FAIR !! uga all the way !!!!! we SHOULDA AND COULDA WON Auburn just couldn't handle hit !! a bunch of cheating hitting jerks !!! 
I was willing to forgive and forget and until i find out that things are said that shouldn't be told to the whole world . then it was over . 
\fear is the path to the dark side . fear leads to anger . anger leads to hate . hate leads to suffering\ " Master Yoda !! " 
I went shopping this morning and bought < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) and a few shirts . lol 
anyone got an old verizon cell phone you can give my brother ? He wrecked one , bought one that turned out not to be in too good of shape . 
Im getting my wisdom teeth pulled tomorrow ! :( 
mouth hurts but im hanging in there . 
Im still really swollen from having my wisdom teeth pulled 
WHOOOOO !!!!!!!! YAY !!!!! SNOW !!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Today is the first day ive had in a really really long time when i could sleep in and stay in my pajama's for a while !! :) and now im hungry .... hmm .... and < PROPFEMALE>'s is sounding really good to me .... or maybe Chik Fil A . idk yet ... LOL ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!!! :D 
This is my first White Christmas EVER !!! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!!!!!! :D 
Its been a while since i have listened to RED i remember now why i love them so much !!! not as much as Lecrae but i still like them !! :) 
< PROPFIRST > Drive and S.O.C !!! It was amazing !!!! Now it can snow !!! NO SCHOOL tomorrow !!!! :D 
I think this is going to be the most snow i've ever seen !!! Im really exited !! im taking pictures every hour to note the difference in levels . lol 
I don't think i will ever tire of gummy bears . :D 
Mint Brownie ice cream !! :) 
I had a great time tonight at the < PROPFEMALE > play !! :D 
NCIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D :) 
I know someone with a loveable cat that needs a loving home . She is a gray tabby , 7 years old , she is spayed . If she doesn't have a home soon then she will be euthanized . :( 
\I just tell them I ain't got no worries 
class was canceled ! :) 
Some idiot went through a green left turn light going less than 5 mph . When i started to turn it was green by the time i got to the other side it had been red a little while . I was stuck under the light when the other lanes had a green light . then she went 10 mph in a 45 and a cop saw the whole thing and did nothing ! 
The Mentalist !!! :) 
\I keep a 2 by 4 by the side of my door with a sock on the end in case someone breaks in . \ " \ " Why do you keep a sock on the end ? \ " \ " I don't want to leave a splinter in the person . \ " hahaha i have heard it all . lol " 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes !!! Its been a great 19th birthday !!! 
I would really love to go camping !!! This weather is amazing ! :) 
I bought The Mentalist season 1 and 2 today ! Can't wait to see to see the episodes i missed ! :) 
D-Now was amazing !! A lot of lives were touched and changed ! God is extraordinary , ordinary , and loving !!!! :D 
blueberry and strawberry ! :) 
be careful who you use , you may end up being used . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwmgGH9pA6Q 
< PROPFIRST > and I are going to watch The Mentalist !! :D :) 
grasshoper ice cream !!! YUMM !!!! :) 
hmm .... i actually have a whole morning freed up tomorrow . :) i can't decide what i want to do with it . 
hahahaha .. i had a lot of good laughs today ! :) 
I like stomping in rain puddles with my rain boots ! :) 
MENTALIST TONIGHT ! 10:00 new episode !!! :D 
\What if i let you in ? What if i make it right ? What if i give it up ? What if i want to TRY ? What if you take a < PROPMALE > ? What if i learn to love ? What if ? \ " RED " 
Our self worth is not tied to our looks , possessions , or acceptance of others . We are born valuable . Ephesians 2:10 
so my little bro and i were playing video games till he decided to go with < PROPFIRST > and his friend to hit balls . i have a whole afternoon to do stuff ... hmm ... 
1 more week till this querter is out and i start my new job . :) 
Fresh baked brownies . :D 
Today has been a very fun/educational day ! :D 
headed outside to the trampoline with < PROPFEMALE > !!! :)) Full < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! :D 
I start my new job tomorrow ! :D 
i don't uderstand why people gotta shoot people !! Those cops families are in my prayers and i hope they get those men before anyone else is hurt ! 
I had a great time last night !! :D 
I hate storms ! 
Listening to some music and cleaning my room ! :D 
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/eu_odd_russia_letter_in_a_bottle 
I love the Mentalist ! :) 
Playing Dance Revolution with < PROPFEMALE > and deff . getting my butt kicked . lol :D 
Chips and Salsa !! :D 
This has not been a good day for me :'( 
I got all the way home from work to find the keys in my pocket . Now i get to go back . wohoo .... :/ 
Would anyone be interested in going skating at the new place at 7:00 with me and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Playing Wii bowling with < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Mentalist and Tacos :D 
I'm so exited for the Lecrae concert tomorrow !!!!!! :DD 
< PROPFIRST > is AWESOME she made me a Lecrae hat !! 
At the concert only 3 hours before doors open . :) cant wait !!! 
We are in the room right in front of the stage center !! the waiting paid off ! YES ! soooo exited ! 
3 words : THAT WAS AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!! now as Crae puts it lets go get a cheese burger from chik fil a 
Don't waste your life ! 
I just saw some guy riding his motorcycle and texting . dummy ! 
Cchs senior prank so far is LAME !!! 
Laurens hair looks awesome ! 
Nooo .. cant end that way !! grrr .... \i play x-box a lot \"" 
Nothing and no one can keep God down !!! He is Risen !!! Happy Easter everyone !!! 
Finally Home ! :D 
Today was my first time seeing a tracter driving down the road . lol 
I have the best brothers ever !! :D 
I'm in a RED mood . i wanna watch the movie and listen to the music . :) 
There's a suicidal turtle in super < PROPFIRST > . lol 
\I can make one phone call and your job is toast . \ " \ " Thats impressive i can make one phone call and get a pizza . \ " lol Mentalist " 
It is so nice outside ! I love it ! :D 
Taco's make for a great midnight snack ! :) 
The nintendo and i took a field trip to < PROPFIRST>'s house . :) super smash brothers ! :D 
You just got Cho'd! lol 
I would find a brown recluse spider ... :( 
Beastly , 7:40 :D 
Wooww ... they r racing to my car for shot gun . this is quite amusing considering they cant get in till i get there . lol 
\baby steps ... whats up !?.... FOUR !!! \"" 
Kicking some wii bowling butt !!! 
It's good to be home :D 
This is a good episode for NCIS !!!! :) 
I can't believe I forgot how much I love SKILLET !!! Skillet biscuit is back ! :) 
\Despite the lies that you makin your love is mine for the taken my love is just waiting to turn your tears to roses \"" 
I am not liking where NCIS is going .. grrrr ... i hate it when it leaves you hanging like that for a whole week . :( 
I would mess up my wrist ! :( 
Salt 
At Andrews golf banquet , Im so proud of him ! He worked hard :) 
Worked field day at my old elementry school ... now getting ready to head to Relay For Life ! Can't wait ! 
I don't know why but i love the Soul car commercial ! :) 
Its so nice outside !! I love it ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ( pretty boy ) goes to jail . hahaha what does he do ? Make friends with his jail mates . 
Im makin a mess with this silver nail polish ive managed to get it all over my fingers and key board . 
The Mentalist hasnt failed yet to cheer me up :) 
\Parlay \"" 
Sitting in a police station ..... 
I cant believe my big brother is turning 22 . 
NCIS finale !!! :) 
I got to surprise my dad at work today :D YAY ! for early release from class ! 
I hate driving downtown almost as much as i hate driving in Conyers . Some creepy man was flipping out about < PROPMALE > . 
Congrats classes of 2011 !! especially < PROPFEMALE > 
\Success is like perfume . You can smell it but don't swallow it . It's dangerous . \ " -Lecrae " 
Any one want to come see Pirates 4 with me and < PROPFIRST > at noon tomorrow ? 
I think that when you dream about 6 flags 3 times in one week that its time to go to 6 flags ! The problem ... finding time to go ! 
It's been a good day ! Im so glad I am not scheduled to work during church tomorrow , I get to go , its been a while ! :D 
Oh why me ?! Of all the people in the house i have to find another browm recluse ! This one was pregnant too ... bunch of babies came out when i squished it ! 
So Little Man commented on everything on my wall on purpose just because he was bored . lol Im only gone a few hours and now have a ton of notifications . 
\Oh ... no ... the look ! Turn away quick ! \"" 
Apparently i'm going to have super fork powers !! 
My dad had a wise moment when referring to him and my mom he said \we are opposites on the same page\ " lol :D " 
<3 Anberlin 
I had a great time yesterday , now just waiting for the Grandparents to get here . :) 
<3 Watermelon !! 
Today has been pretty great ! :D 
grrrr .... Bridget Earick getting that song in my head !!! ugg ... lol 
YES ! Finally hit 100 stars :) 
Hahaha ... gotta love free Canes !! First 100 people here get a free box combo ! :) 
I'm a super < PROPFEMALE > !! Dominated < PROPFIRST > party :D 
<3 strawberry cake ! :) 
I'm in rebelion !!! :) 
6 flags was AWESOME !!!! :DD 
\where is it ? where is the thump thump ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > Sparrow . " 
Haha Me and my bros . walked down to the beach in our pjs ! Its so pretty in the dark with the < PROPFEMALE > on it ! 
We just got to touch a baby shark ! 
Wow ... the moons so pretty ! Its orange with orange over the ocean ! :) 
\do you know what happens to a toad when its struck by lightning ? \ " -Storm " 
I can't believe i forgot how much i loved the X-Men movies ! I can't wait for the new one coming out ! :) 
Finally home ! I wish i was still there . 
YAY !! I am now a CNA I passed both tests !!! :)))) 
5 1/2 inches ... :( 
For some reason im in a particularily chatty mood today , I think its still happiness from passing the CNA tests and seeing my residents again after 2 weeks . :) 
Happy Fathers day to my Dad ! i couldn't ask for a more understanding , supportive , caring , and yeah sometimes funny Dad . I love him ! 
Today ... has been a day . 
Driving with the windows down , hair loose , and music blairing always cheers me up . :) 
I can't believe it took me so long to buy an Anberlin CD . I love it !!! :D 
Made it through my first 14 hour work day . :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Brown you get a whole status dedicated to you :) Made my night coming to see me ! One of the strongest people I know ! I missed you friend ! Love ya ! 
Im not sure if today can get much better ! Who would have thought the day i dreaded would be a good day . 1st i got a resident to eat when she hasnt for days 2nd smooth day at work 3rd free canes 4th I got to see an old friends . and 5th i might be going to 6 flags tomorro !!! :DD 
Wooohooo .... on my way to 6 flags ! :D 
Smile on my face , arms up , and legs out ..... was on Goliath ! :) Took a nap on the wheelie . Great Day ! :D 
World of Coke which was awesome ! Now the mall then TGI Fridays ! :D 
I have betrayed Canes and ate at Zaxbys . 
Aw ... its so funny watching both of my little brothers work . :) 
Was just told by the dollar store lady that i look 14 . story of my life . 
I have seen 4 people run red lights and had a big semi truck pull out in front of me . 
Razzles ! Havent had these things since middle school with < PROPFEMALE > ! They are so good ! 
Scott : gosh < PROPFEMALE > you just scared the sneeze out of me 
Awesome day at 6 flags !!! :D 
Enchiladas , pizza , and tomato soup makes for a pretty good dinner :) 
Love this new music video by Lecrae ! Check it out ! http://www.watchgmctv.com/video/lecrae-just-you-world-premiere 
Stone Mountain is so pretty !! :) 
I hate getting sick and being on vacation . 
We are going to the laser show at Stone Mountain tomorrow night . Text me if anyone wants to come ! :) 
Great , but hot day at Stone Mountain . Laser Show tonight !! :D 
At the top of Stone Mountain . :) 
Stone Mountain's laser show is a must see ! It was amazing !! :D 
I just won at putt putt ! :) 
I want to go to another Lecrae concert soooooo ..... bad !!!! If anyone finds one in Atl . please let me know ! I'd love you forever ! 
Nerd Code ! lol 
Thor was an awesome movie ! :D 
Why is the ship always gone ? 
I love sesame chicken ! :) 
Yup < PROPFIRST > Weinrich and i are dorks of whom text each other while we are in the same room . lol :) 
I have feathers in my hair ! :D 
Athens tech . needs to learn how to spell my name . its wolff not 3rolff . worst spelling ever of it . 
I am quite a happy but tired peron right now . :) 
I woke up in the best mood ! :D 
It's National Book Week . the 56 < PROPFEMALE > and 5th sentence : Being a creature of the night , he's new and exiting and activatesba neurotransmitter in your brain that releases feelings of euphoria when your around him .... especially because you know you can never actually be together , and he seem complicated , and perhaps even ensitive and vulnerable at times . 
The world does not want me to sleep , and i don't even wanna hear the name Athens Tech . man i hate that school ! 
At Discover Mills with < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
\when i get out of this situation of which i have no clothes on i will find out what you meant by that \"" 
Just got myself a new Trip < PROPFIRST > CD ! Oh yeah ! :) 
Maybe i shouldn't have drank 2 cups of hot chocolate , i am not tired at all ! < PROPFIRST > Weinrich its all your fault letting me have it ! 
\Guys .... I know kung fu . \"" 
\what ... boy if someone needs help in the bathroom im gonna help them\ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
CENTRAL 36 Cedar 7 . :)) 
This dudes license plate says txswagg . lol !!! 
Im 2 weeks and craving meat balls . 
\You married somebody ! \ " Go to your profile 
Life is precious and short , thank God for everyday you have with your loved ones ! I have a lot to be thankful for . 
Come on Falcons ... 
GUMMY BEARS !!!! 
I can't wait till Lecrae Rehab Deluxe edition comes out !!! 7-27-11 !!!! :) 
I really like Ckik-Fil-A's peach milkshakes ! :) 
so ... the fish actually answered the phone . lol ! i had 2 seconds of fame . 
Can't sleep :( 
When it rains is storms ... still waiting for the sunshine ... 
\I was thinking ... love is strange and i want a sandwich\ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
6 flags goliath in the rain is awesome yet painful ! :) 
\I have holes in that same position ! \ " lol " 
\are you an inny or an outy ? \ " \ " I'm an inny and its deep ! \"" 
\Swagger \"" 
