was violated -- VIOLATED at work today . So I was napping and minding my own business in the break room when some random guy walked in , looked at me , took my Blackberry off the coffee table , went downstairs and stole someone else's Blackberry off the desk ! Now I'm phoneless for 2 days ... TWO DAYS !! THE FREAKIN ' NERVE OF THIS GUY !! 

had too many chips/margaritas .. 
is drinking coffee 
ate an amazing cheesesteak in the mission at 3am . 
is tripping the light fantastic . 
is recovering from a weekend ( week , actually ) of junkfood and dancing .. 
is excited about the Alaskan stewardess resigning . 
says , everything really IS bigger in Texas !! < PROPFIRST>'s ' dead ' Thursday night shuts down all the downtown streets . You can get f#* ! ked up for $10 . I'm moving here . 
likes mood lighting . 
is looking forward to Obama's address to the joint session of congress ... followed by the commentary of < PROPFIRST > Shields and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . And maybe acclaimed journalist < PROPMALE > Beck . 
in the words of my mom's new bf .. you know you're a San Franciscan when good parking can bring tears to your eyes . 
' s Blackberry is hassling him .. I've had years of practice trying my < PROPFEMALE > with Windows , so at this point it's whatever doesn't break me will only make me stronger ; < PROPFIRST > is NOT a < PROPMALE > person . 
Going three days without a phone has given me new respect for all those who went without in the early 90's , 80's and beyond . With that said , feel free to email-Facebook-text-BlackberryMsg-IM-call me all you want , cause my baby is back !! 
just checked Myspace for the first time in a few months , and there were tumbleweeds rolling across the < PROPFEMALE > ........ I considered deleting it , but I figured I should keep it just in case the 2 people on it who have not yet made the transition to facebook decide to communicate via Myspace's inferior email/wall-posting services . That means you < PROPFEMALE > and Godfrey . 
( from a while ago ) Customer : Hey , you're funny -- are you an Aires ? Me : No , I'm an Aquarius , and I don't believe in that shit . Customer : That is SUCH and Aquarian thing to say .. 
would like to Repo my time and money .. Repo Men was F-ing long as S , and was F-ing grotesque just for the sake of being Mother F-ing gross . On a lighter note , the company was wonderful , as usual . 
is going to see < PROPFEMALE > Lately in person in less than 24 hours !!! 
I believe < PROPFEMALE > and I had a moment ... and she looks so small in person ! So does < PROPFEMALE > Love . 
is saving money AND getting better with Wal-quill and Wal-tussin . 
Lifetime's love-themed chickflick marathon is brought to its viewers by Crocs .... enough said . PS I'm not watching it . Or wearing Crocs . 
is taking out the recycling , drinking from a reusable mug , utlizing fluorescent lighting , and not driving today . Happy Earth Day ! Now ..... to < PROPFEMALE > Gully or to Avatar , that is the question . 
< PROPFEMALE > ? Really ? 
I swear , of all the techology in my apartment my printer is the most fickle . Why is it always just before something is due ?? Why ? 
who knew that buttermilk is a byproduct of butter ? I .. did not . Until now . 
under the GG bridge enjoying an Amstel Light with the Jer-Jer ... 
@ Starbucks drinking the koolaid . And you know what ? This corporate nectar tastes pretty delicious :) 
pizza : friend or foe ? 
is a little slow on the uptake ... 
is a friend to the people 
what would Sunday/Mothers Day brunch be without a couple girls blacking out over bottomless mimosas and getting paid to clean up after them ? 
' s taxes went down this year ! Thanks Obama Administration .. hopefully next year I'll be able to keep my income below 250k again to receive the same benefit :) 
one final down , 3 to go . I am feeling the burn ! 
just 
just saw police buying donuts ... 
grillburger ... did I just use \bacon\ " as a verb ? Maybe . " 
got a GOOOD grade !! 
is on summer break for a month ! 
has got sunshine on cloudy day 
is team < PROPFEMALE > , all the way . Sadly my support of her candidacy may be the kiss of death -- in the past several American Idol elections my support for Glambert , Jailbait and Fauxhawk has ended unfavorably . Am I the only person who watches this show though ? 
thinks that watching the Bowflex extended infomercial is almost as rewarding a quick jog on the treadmill . 
just spent the better part of an hour watching Lady Gaga videos with my dad . His comment on Alejandro : \That looks .... expensive . \"" 
is living the life ! 75 degrees @ 10 in the city . I <3 California :) 
oh Snoop Dogg with your Sook-alike backup dancers . Thank you once again for proving to us your continued relevance in pop culture . 
the Southbay smells like summertime tonight :) 
there is a no smoking sign on the restroom at Carrows . What is this an airline ? 
has a crush on < PROPFEMALE > Lynch . ( dog trainer in Best in Show , cheer coach in Glee ) 
is watching Independence Day . 
I don't know what you've done to me but I know this much is True : I want to do bad things with you .... 
is more of a Romy than a < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is preparing sea scallops , organic pasta and baby greens paired with an ' 07 bottle of Monterey County wine for dinner tonight ... why am I not married you ask ? < PROPFIRST > Wahlberg already has a wife , and has yet to return my calls . 
just saw an HBO documentary about the little known world of women's bodybuilding . Who knew those tan , leathery ladies work so hard for so little ? 
if I lived in Mississippi , I wonder if my phone would still spellcheck auto correct the word y'all . Or brothercousin . 
wants a fake fireplace made by the Amish . 
WHY , TRUE BLOOD ?! WHY DO YOU TORTURE ME LIKE THIS WEEK-TO-WEEK ?! 
is drinking flavored instant coffee . Traitor or pioneering trendsetter ? Hm ... 
it's another Maker's Monday ... 
I <3 San < PROPFIRST > :) 
just made Rice-a-Roni ..... get it ? 
I love having good health insurance . 
TGI Wednesday ... What -- a work week it has been . :) 
\education is the sleeping pill that makes dreams come true . \"" 
just made some delicious Waffle House style waffles .. with 2 secret ingredients . Hint : one of them is love :) 
is in the one building in SF with air conditioning ... and it's amazing ! 
I <3 southbay gas prices . 
word of the day : \Kerfwaffle . \ " A kerfwaffle is caused when an insanely tasty waffle causes a kerfuffle in the kitchen as people clamor to get their hands on one . " 
< PROPFIRST > - 1 , Lime- 0 . Bring it on Sunday Brunch !! 
ahhh ! The bone grinding tax law lecture is over !! 
just locked myself out of my apartment in nothing but a bathrobe . I'm talking barefoot , no phone and just .... the bathrobe . Thanks , older and more responsible neighbor , for keeping a copy of my key :) 
facebookin ' it in class . 
papa needs a taco . or 3 . 
ok , so is it cool or a little nerdy to be the mayor of a place on Foursquare ? 
today someone ( a vegan . ) asked me if I would be willing to kill an animal to eat it . Bleed it out , gut it , etc ... As unsavory as killing a pig sounds , bacon is not something I'm ready to live without . 
3 midterms down , 1 to go . 
just had to drive behind Critical Mass . 
oh snap midterms are DONE ! Papa needs a beer , some ( lowfat low sodium ) chips and a great slasher movie to unwind in front of tonight . :) 
SF Gigantes ... so sad . 
it's a GTL kind of a day ..... then off to serve coffee to/with some of the best people in SF ! 
just ran into Guy Branum of < PROPFEMALE > Lately while out with my good friend < PROPFIRST > Ladd .. and he had an entourage (???) . 
is having an affair with a married Chilean miner ... thank goodness he's alive ! 
is walking , not running late for class .. 
' s Professor is having us watch the Giant's game in class .. and now a Red Bull rep stopped by to give us free drinks . This is school ? This is amazing ! 
had several different physical reactions to Jackass 3D the movie with my dad and sister . Oh , family . PS my high-school spanish teacher was sitting in front of us so ... yeah . He molds the minds of youth . 
L Owl bus + me forgetting hand sanitizer = I think I have a cold today . Or a mild form of the plague . 
just saw a very convincing Lafayette from True Blood out :) 
is mildly irritated with all of this political outrage . 
is about to make sweet love to a McDonald's value meal . 
La < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > in SJ .... La Vic why you always treat me so good ? 
just sold my car to a friend .. She or he is in good hands now ( and is still gender confused ) . 
just got cast a walk on extra part in a movie about Versace's serial killer . 
rereading The Stand ... and I still have a cold . And as a side note , a crow pooped on me yesterday at brunch . 
THUNDERRR ! 
first night at Toad Hall barbacking and it was ..... amazing ! 
1st shift at Badlands and only ran into one professor ... and I got out before 3AM :) 
annnnd now it's time to do a little purge to make room for dessert . 
won't you be my neighbor ? Or roommate ? That's right friends , facebookfriends , and ( mom and dad ?? why are we faceboook friends ? ) , < PROPFIRST > is on the prowl for a room or apartment in SF . Send your information <-- this way !! Thanks :) 
annnnd I've found my new apartment ! SOMA get ready for < PROPFIRST > , all thanks to my good friend < PROPFIRST > :) 
I love my new neighbors ... 
meet me at the ice cream truck . 
visit me at Toad Hall tonight following Glee ! 
f the Owl bus ..... I take a shower before I leave for work only to want another thorough delousing before I get there . 
does the Jewish community center close for Christmas , and if not do employees get holiday pay ? These are the questions that periodically run through my mind ... hmm .. 
is sticky icky from too too many empty < PROPFEMALE > glasses at Badlandia . Off now though , so call me amigos ! 
Who's Afraid of < PROPFEMALE > Woolf ? 
< PROPMALE > the Red Nosed Reindeer had a very shiny nose . Then he got Proactiv Solution . 
saw a car getting looted at 5th and Mission , called the cops and watched them get arrested ( while waiting in a car a few spaces away , of course ) ...... you're welcome VW Beetle owner ; pay it forward and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
the question is , what kind of hair * doesn't * look amazing when you run a flat iron through it ??? 
workin ' 9 to 5 ... is not my way to make a living . :) 
spending the night in good old San < PROPFIRST > tonight ... call/text if you'd like have some good ( somewhat clean ) fun :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s in Sunnyvale is soooo LA . Scrappy palm trees , abandoned cars in the parking lot , and greasy drunk-food ... it makes me miss SoCal a little bit . 
hour #28 of working ... 3 shifts in one day and still awake enough to eat lunch with friends . thanks sugarfree redbull :) 
just got groped by one of the sisters of perpetual indulgence , and it made ... my night . :) 
when taxi drivers make you nervous , the Mission 14 bus is not an option , and life without a car gets you down ......... take a TownCar ! 
showed up to work this morning only to find out .... I don't work today . 
This update coming to you from my new iPad :) happy early birthday < PROPFIRST > , you deserve it < PROPMALE > . Thanks . 
got out of Badlands at 2:15 ........ that is a new record :) 
will be in San < PROPFIRST > for the evening ... who will be out tonight ? 
just had breakfast with some delicious Tapatio .... SF restaurants never have that delicious hot sauce ! 
happy birthday , < PROPFIRST > . corona ? jameson ? yes + yes :) 
thanks guys for the birthday wishes .. 24 looks like it's gonna be a pretty cool year :) 
2 people in the gym and the one set of weights I need is in use . So predictable . 
off allllllll day tomorrow , what to do ? 
off allll day tomorrow . Will you be my Monday < PROPFIRST > ? 
nothing like a little Wal-tussin , Wal-flu and < PROPFEMALE > Lately before bed . As an aside , I wonder if Wal-tussin is used in the production of Wal-meth , for those who don't mind generic amphetamines . 
watching creepy old X-files episodes in bed . Alone . I miss having my dog here :/ 
thanks for the good times Peets on Market , now I look forward to sleeping in :) 
hey san < PROPFIRST > friends , anyone up for winecoolers and hot tubbing tonight ? text me :) 
