Got back home from Ohio about 7 and supper about 10 minutes ago . 

Just got back from Wild Country about 20 minutes celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s 21st birthday even though her birthday was Friday . 
Wishes I didn't have to work on such a beeeeautiful day . 
Black lab is in pain from right shoulder ... is on pain/inflammatory pills ... after that will go from there ... hoping it's just a pulled muscle and nothing else . 
At the Convelescent Home at the hospital celebrating Christmas with my grandmother . Hope everyone has a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
I'm on vacation for the week . YEA !!! Have alot planned . Hopefully everything goes according to plan . 
well ... vacation is over and back to work i go today ... dont really want to go back tho but i need the money 
off today and tomorrow then back to work monday 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ... but unfortunately I can't go out and do anything cause I don't have the money . So I'm just going to stay home and drink some of the alcohol we have here . At least I was able to get the day off ... I didn't want to work on my birthday . 
I can't sleep ... Way too much on my mind ... R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Feather , you surely will be missed by all . You were such a great guy . I , like everyone else , was fortunate enough to know you and be able to call you a friend . Love and miss you . 
Well < PROPMALE > , even though I said good-bye to you today , you will always be in my heart . Missing you lots . 
Just got back from the WWE event at the Scottrade Center and it was awesome ! 
TO NON PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1)They live here ; you DON'T . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' FUR'-NITURE . 3 ) I love my pet more than I like some people . 4)To you , they are animals ; to me ... they are my kids , who are short , hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back ! Re-Post if you love your pet . 
just got back from the oral surgeon . had all four wisdom teeth removed . not in any discomfort ( yet ) , just waiting for the numbness to go away and the bleeding to stop . 
Ready for warmer weather to get here . I'm done with the cold and snow . I had my white Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Christmas , so the cold and snow can go away . Also wishing that life wasn't so dang complicated so I can figure it out . 
Wishing all the snow and everything would go away and that I was able to go out and do something . :( 
