Hm .. Break is nearing it's end and yet I don't seem pleased to return to this place .. What is this ? I don't even ... 

Wow . Today has been so wierd . I just want to graduate already and for < PROPFIRST > and I to get our own place . 
.... I reaaaaalllllllyyyyy don't want to go back to school . :( In the worst kind of way . It's my last semester though , so shouldn't I be excited ? 
Eh .. decisions decisions . I can never make up my mind .. Is it ink poisoning or < PROPMALE > ? 
Gah . I feel sick . Stupid cold . 
I can feel the fever in my eyes . Pray for poor little ole me . :( 
Hm .. A lot is on my mind . I'll start with my great distaste for Ashmo getting married before me . With marriage comes babies .. So she'll be married and have babies , and I'll be not married and babyless . How fucking gay is that . 
I wish this cough would go away . It's killing me to not be able to talk . 
What's on YOUR mind ? 
Why is everyone so sad and down ? There'll always be the weekend to look forward to . ... Anyway . gotta go to my mom's soon . Gonna be out and about with my cute little car . Anyone wanna chill ? 
Gah . I hate driving in the rain . My neck hurts . Wuv me . 
I hate the rain . It's so totally not relaxing when you have to run in it . :( 
Sleepy sleep sleep . I can't hold me head up to save me life . XD 
Aggravating day . Fucking tards . I need some awesome . :3 
dkjhgkdshfuienejuvui the blue meanies ! 
Who knows how long I've loved you . You know I love you still . Will I wait a lonely lifetime ? If you want me to I will . 
I'm sick again . This sucks .. I'm gonna die . How can I be a skitzo werewolf/vampire/skeleton if I can't even talk ? 
Birthay cookout for my love . :3 Lots of fun . 
I love the beatles . :) They make everything ok . I finally got that box set I've been wanting . Of like .. Nearly every album .. I'm so happy . 
Really hates this whole coughing thing . It's a total bummer . Not to mention the freaky dreams that Nyquil cause . I'm not even going to get started on that . :3 Je ne sais même pas ce que je vais faire à ce sujet ! 
Hm .. Tonight has been interesting . :) Wheezy McJenkins is in the house for her one day a week . :-\\ Dun want to go to school tomorrow . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow in Nashville . Totally excited . Can't wait . Today was interesting . ^_^ Midterms are right around the corner . So close to freedom . 
I'm really aggravated ... Tried to go to nashville today , and my tire blew and I had to reschedule .. Grr . Life . 
The world is treatin ' me baaaad misery . 
well .. Tonight has been interesting .. I've got some cool new friends .. I didn't expect that wicked level of awesome .. It's way too cold for life right now . We all need to find someone to cuddle/warm up with . :) 
:( 
Eh . Figuring some stuff out . < PROPFIRST>'s sick . May be gone a while . 
Screw today . 
Today has been really interesting and successful . :) I'd like for it to keep it up . Can't wait to see what happens next . 
Had yet another interesting day . I think that I will speak in Old English for a day or more and view how it will take effect . 
fuck 
Today is turning out to be not so great . :( Someone cheer me up . I'm angry at everything . 
Today has been pretty good . Fall break has started off even better . I love hanging with Summer . She's awesome . 
So . I would just adore a shower and some sleep .. Maybe even a back rub . :D . It's been a long day , but at least Fall Break is finally here .. I'm ready to make friends and < PROPFEMALE > out with people over break . lol I need more friends , but that's not important . Sooo ... I think I want to play either the Sims 3 or Fable 2 . Which one should I play ? 
Happy Birthday Dad . :) - Also , I just realized how short this last year of high school is going to be , and how much I'm going to miss everyone . :( 
Is losing her mind . Someone make me smile . 
Has a terrible headache and a few things that she'd like to say to a few people . 
Today has been great so far . This whole break has pretty much . Except bringing Ashmo to Summer's house . Either way though , still a good weekend . 
waiting waiting waiting . I cannot stand another day cooped up in that high school . I'll be out soon enough though . 
\Find another way to feel important that can't be drank or snorted . \ " I love that line . < PROPFIRST > Raneri is amazing . Gah . I have to finish my application for The < PROPMALE > Institute . It's coming on < PROPFEMALE > fast . " 
Well , today has been wonderful . :) I love facebook . It makes talking to people so much easier . Friends , intimidating classmates , :D I need to < PROPFEMALE > with some new people . <3 
Halloween . :D A glorious < PROPFEMALE > filled day of girls dressing up like hookers and crossville boys thinking they're juggalos . XD It's all a load . I'm just in it for the < PROPFEMALE > , but actually dressing up is still fun too !. 
My stomach hurts . :( I iz gone dai . Good night super late nighters . :3 
Oh . by the way . I'm not sure if any of you knew < PROPFIRST > Eller . but what is the situation there ? Is he really gone or is someone spreading things ? I'm so worried . 
Well . Today has been fun . Can't wait until Friday though . The weekend can never come soon enough . 
Parfois , je souhaite vraiment que la vie serait juste être < PROPFEMALE > peu moins sombre ou que < PROPMALE > gens seraient plus agréable et apprécier plus d'autres . < PROPFEMALE > manque de courtoisie dans la société d'aujourd'hui est stupéfiante . >:-( 
Rester éveillé toute la nuit pour < PROPFEMALE > bien de l'expérimentation de privation de sommeil . Souhaite-moi bonne < PROPMALE > . 
Maybe I should pick up another hobby . I just feel like I'm boring sometimes . Maybe it's just me . Eh . I'll do some more nothing and figure it out . 
Going to Summer's :) She's awesome . Turned in my weed paper today . I wonder how Ms. Phillips will take it . Theater was not as fun today . Robbins needs to return before order will return to it's rightful position . 
Didn't go to Summer's . lol She ended up busy . Eh . It's all good . I needed a rest anyway . My arm hurts from football . 
Would love to eat some amazing chocolate chip cookies . I'll find some eventually . 
< PROPFEMALE > étranger est arrivé pour cette maison non droit dans la tête . < PROPFEMALE > e fille folle comme des oiseaux .. 
Well . What can I say ? I'm pretty content with life right now . < PROPFEMALE > free life is * stretch * excellent . Theatre today was a disaster . I doubt she'll be happy when she gets back . 
Oh the anticipation is killing me . When will I get to see Bayside again ? I NEED to know !! * twitch * bayside ... 
What's on my mind ?... Hm .. Absolutely nothing except that break has already started in a great way . It'll be amazing . 
Happy Thanksgiving . :) 
Hm ... School Tomorrow . Not so happy about that . Oh well . Clean away ! 
please go to this site and read this , its very important . helpmendaheart.com 
Mmmm Stroganoff . :) I love cooking . Successful day . Can't wait for game weekend !! 
Hm .. :) Success . Friday is so close . I can taste it . 
\good night my angel time to close your eyes and save these questions for another day \"" 
YEAH !! Friday is here !! First official \on our own\ " Friday . This will be interesting . <3 to my boifran . :) " 
Wow . Today was a fiasco . I'm so tired of the new choir program . Can't wait until I've got Theatre 2 and Photography next semester . :) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > . :) Hope it was great ! - In other news , Alistair is < PROPMALE > and we're fighting the arch demon . I never get this far in any game . 
I would love to feel better . :( My neck is soooo sore . Maybe I can talk < PROPFIRST > into a massage . 
Wow . I got my hair cut . It's definitely different ... I'll have to commandeer a straightener or get one for christmas * wink wink * 
made it to the arch demon .. almost beat him . 
so freakin ' sick . I hate this shit . 
Wishes that she would get better . It really sucks . Si seulement cette maladie s'en irait . 
What's on my mind ?.... What all is going to happen tomorrow and a few things I've been thinking about that are top secret . :P That's what . 
Successful night avec mon amour . Applebee's , basketball , cuteness .. :D < PROPFIRST>'s so great . I think it's time for bed though . 
I don't really have a lot to say about today . Or life for that matter . I think I'd just like to sleep until I find a new one . 
\Sha kaka kakahh .. < PROPFIRST > is good at piano . He will be rocking in my Shooooww ! \ " I love < PROPFIRST > Black movies . ^_^ " 
Woo . Tonight will be fun . :D 
Screw this . If this is the way my whole year is going to go , i give up . 
www.helenebridal.com/wedding-dresses/WD5346 i think I've found my dress and where i want to be married . :3 
I'd rather face the gallows , cos nothing matters and I'll just change my name . 
I'm supposed to be somewhere where I feel free . < PROPMALE > Petty said so .. So this just isn't going to work . D: 
Hmmmmk . So there is no school tomorrow .. Thank god . I really enjoy my time at home most of the time . Unfortunately not always ......... yeah .. 
Thinking about some old friends ... It's wierd how things change isn't it ? 
IBhatethecoldbase 
Hmmm . I'm not liking this snow nonsense . 
How could I know that everything you said were lies about devotion and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Stupid pokemon thing . I wish i didn't go to ALL of my friends ... I wanted to pick . Not just go crazy . Sorry to all the people who don't like those invite things . 
Hmm . I love how they have guitar tabs for songs with no guitar in them .. D: Like .. Poker face . >:( 
I'm feeling kinda down . Someone should cheer me up . :| Witty comments perhaps ? 
I'm really confused by the school system . Oh well . Less writing for me . I'd rather be home anyway . This nausea isn't doing me so well . :( 
bewm , this iiz boorrrrrrriiiiiiiiiinnnnggggg 
Wow . Reading younger girls ' facebook pages makes me happy to be a more-so mature person . I've come to believe that cleavage in photos is a no-no . 
Ha ha ha . :) My last post made my own day . It needs to get warm . Fast . So I'm just going to sit real hard and think about the beach . I miss it so . 
:( I hate being nauseated . I this pukey nonsense has got to stop . I've gotta go to school sometime ! 
School was ok . Gotta love theatre . Pretty aggravated though . I've got such a bad headache . 
Blah . What is facebook really for ? 
Feeling a little down today . Got a lot to think about . I'm getting older so fast and I feel as lost as I did the day before I learned to ride a bike . 
Cumva m ? simt ca ? i cum eu < PROPFEMALE > merit ? s ? tr ? iasc ?, dar < PROPFEMALE > pot sincer simt nevoia de a îngriji .. 
Really tired and fed up with people today . It was a good day though . Theatre went great and things are going even better at home . :D and just so you know . i don't copy and paste anything into my status . No matter what \cause\ " it's for . " 
Tiger got to hunt , bird got to fly , man got to sit and wonder why why why ? Tiger got to sleep , bird got to land , man got to tell himself that he understand . 
Excellent day at school . bad mood now though . Hope I did ok on my song interpretation . 
Hm .. I'm really bored . This is a bummer . I guess I'm off to read a book or something . 
hates oversleeping in a ridiculous way . Maybe I should pay someone to come in with a tuba in the mornings to wake me up . :P 
Hmm . head pain . I think I know what will fix it . :) actually regret not going today . Would've been easy . Stupid alarm . 
Staying with mom and dad . That's pretty cool . No School tomorrow ! Yay . 
Still at moms in way too much snow . We all need to go south for the winter . Like to florida maybe . :) 
Well . I'm back home . Not too much to say about that . 
Wow . Tonight turned out pretty interesting . :) 
1Cor : 4:4 : For I know nothing by myself ; yet am I not hereby justified : but he that judgeth me is the Lord . 
I lay , -- for Love was laggard , O , he came not until < PROPFEMALE > , -- I lay and listened for his step and could not get to sleep ; And he found me at my window with my big cloak on , All sorry with the tears some folks might weep ! 
I shall go back again to the bleak shoreAnd build a little shanty on the sand , In such a way that the extremest bandOf brittle seaweed will escape my doorBut by a yard or two ; and nevermoreShall I return to take you by the hand ; I shall be gone to what I understand , And happier than I ever was before . 
Today went by really fast . I'm so glad that I didn't have to perform my poems today . i want to be extra ready . :) 
is beginning to really enjoy Lady Gaga's music , but doesn't even like to dance . 
\and I can't forget the way you looked at me . \"" 
Just shoot me now . 
I love snow schedule . It's my favorite . :D Got to get some sleep for once . ^_^ 
Ok .. So there wasn't snow schedule . I just feel like a big dummy . Already too late though . 
Wow . :) I've really really enjoyed my day . Thanks to all of the people who made it awesome ! 
Theatre was nerve wracking . I really really hope that I performed my poem well enough . :) I'd love to compete . 
I don't even remember what it's like to feel depressed . How nice life is .. 
Take me outside of it all and I'm stuck .. You're in my head .. They say , they say , they say , that you're no good for me , But I know , I know , I know , that that's a lie .. Sometimes oh sometimes I just don't know anymore , But I never wanna say , Goodbye . ( Mayer Hawthorne- \Green Eyed Love \")" 
No school ! Get to be home all day ! 
^_^ Pretty content w/everything except the snow , but that's ok too because we got out of school . < PROPFEMALE > . I'm going to assume that today will be better than yesterday . 
I'm pretty sure that I'm bored beyond imaginable belief . I spend too much time doing nothing on here . :( 
wow .. this sucks . 
Today has been a waste .. I just sat and listened to people talk on Dragon age for like ever .. I need a life . 
Wow . I'm up early today . ^_^ 
Hm . What's on my mind ? Hm . Can't find my memory card , < PROPFEMALE > , and several shirts . Trying to think of where they'd be .. 
Making everyone close to meh personalized vday e-cards from complete scratch ! you all better love me . 
incredible yet terrible super powers ? -The ability to summon fire , without the ability to be resistant to heat . -The ability to morph into something else . Once . -The ability to fly , but only by flapping your arms really fucking hard . 
So Ronereeeeeee ... i guess it's pokemon time ! 
feeling much better than yesterday . :) 
I know you've suffered , but I don't want you to hide . It's cold and loveless . I won't let you be denied . Soothing , I'll make you feel pure . Trust me , you can be sure . (\Undisclosed Desires\ " Muse ) " 
every moment of happiness one is to steal , one must also pay for the theft of that moment .. with a much greater price at some point . 
Missed the bus , fun fun . Can't wait for this freaking day to get started .. It'll get better this afternoon . 
schools out for the weekend . woot 
I'm awake and freezing . That's a start . 
I'll be home soon , still at mom's .. 
back home . 
had an excellent < PROPFIRST>'s day with my < PROPFIRST > . :) yessir i did . it was the best < PROPFIRST>'s day i've ever had . 
Hopefully there is no school tomorrow . I'm actually going to play in the snow this time ... Maybe .. 
Well . Today has been ok . Not sure how I feel about the snow , but tomorrow is photo shoot time . :D 
wow . I'm so happy with my new language on facebook . Arrgh . I be pleased . 
Question time .. Wish me luck guys .. 
Got up early , sat down , freezing to death . Je suis en attente pour vous . 
Just got back from the photo shoot . Got some really good shots . Modeling is one of my new favorite hobbies . 
Putting up modeling shots elsewhere . Just message and ask if you'd like a link . They're interesting to say the least . 
What be troublin ' ye ? That's an interesting question . Some things are , but why is it anyone's business ? 
In immense amounts of dislike within these here moments . I am not happy , or camping . 
Forget that tagging nonsense and tomfoolery . I'll just mope . 
OH MY GOD . Found some info on the new pokemon games heart gold and soul silver !. Will post in a note . :) Be prepared for ultimate awesome . 
mikesuoayis 
GAAAAH 
Mother should i build the wall ? 
No school tomorrow 
Hungriest ever ? I think so . Ya think someone would just burst of fullness after so long , bur e ' just keeps on a munchin ' . Forget this nonsense . I'll just lie here . No use in attempting to keep myself occupied . 
feeling soooo much better already . yay . excedrin ! 
uhm . new day i suppose . 
Way to start the day . This lazy self of mine is going to wash < PROPFIRST>'s clothes and then I guess I'll be back to be LAZY some MORE . 
wow . this is awesome . Check out my DA < PROPFEMALE > if you're interested . It's got all of my photography and some poetry on it . kafrillips.deviantart.com 
Forgetful moments equal saddening realizations . 
Good day to sleep in . I'll be up allllllll night . 
Wow . Just keeps getting better doesn't it ? 
It's going to be a loooooonng night . 
Up alllllllllll night long . :) first time in ages . I already feel older . :P 
Too early . Seepy time Kafreen ? 
What an interesting day . I can't really say good or bad .. I'm not sure how I feel about the shock yet . No , i don't have a clue as to what to do here .. 
troubling me ? bad question . for today i have an answer 
hm . 
Hmm . Saturday night xbox360 to get my mind out of whine mode . :) 
2 friends of the day ? Awesome . 
Be feelin ' like a sorry landlubber .. Last day o ' freedom before they throw me in the brig o ' education . Tis a bad day for pirates .. 
This ugly dead plant nonsense is making me photographically angry . We need plant life ! 
I guess it's time to get ready for school tomorrow . Wish I had some issues resolved before now , but whatever . He'll come around . 
The tragedy is that she didn't . 
Wow I'm extremely happy . I feel better , no longer worried about anything . :D Good day . 
I retract my previous statement . Thank you so much oh lover of mine . 
Gettin ' ready for school I suppose .. Arrrgh . three more days after today to the returning freedom from the brig o ' education . 
gah . Today was . interesting . Getting better though . I'm loving this pirate speak . 
Surprise is one of those things that people really take advantage of until it brightens their day . :) 
I am totally ok with the no school thing . ... I REALLY needed the sleep . :) 
I think I've picked out what song I'm gonna do for the talent show . It's going to be amazing . I can't wait . Has anyone heard of \The Shins\ " ? " 
\I'm lookin ' in on the good life I might be doomed never to find . \ " - ( New Slang ) The Shins " 
does not want to go today . Gah . This excruciating last months are torturous . Cooping us up like chickens . Ah , one of these days ... 
I really don't know what to think about today . I do know however that I am sleepy , my stomach hurts , and I don't look forward to school tomorrow . 
ATTN : I need a male and female model somewhere between the age of 15-21 for a photography scholarship competition . Needs to be available tomorrow and/or Thursday for about an hour maybe longer . Message me if you or someone you know is interested please ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > tuna is displeased with your transgressions . 
is totally ready for this week to be over . Hrm . 27 days ! 
FML 
Cannot get rid of the hiccups . Angry . Grr . 
The weather is pretty amazing , but I'm just too aggravated to care . 
Day's not starting off well . 
Interesting day . 
Anyone with good grammar and english skills want to help proofread my admission essay ? 
Ready for Friday to be over with . and I think I've lost a piece of important paper for one of my classes . 
I got my important paper back and today was good . I can't wait to feel how comfortable a nice 8 hour nap will be . 
Not feeling so great . Meh . Maybe more sleep will be good for me . 
Today was a good day . :) I'm generally very pleased with the outcome . Mm . I think I'll go munch on something now . 
had another good day . :D 
Got a paper counted late because I took too long getting it out of my binder , fell out of a chair and hit my knee , and probably forgot to do something . All I have to say is that the < PROPFEMALE > tuna is continually displeased with this horrifying chain of events . 
Uhm . Decent day . I loved the weather though . British Friday . :D 
Red ring of death on the xbox 360 . The < PROPFEMALE > tuna is extremely enraged by this event . 
I don't know what happened but it works ! Thank you to all of the people helping me with my scholarship packet . I really really appreciate everything . 
Bad day boss . Bad bad day . fml . 
Today was nice . :) Can't complain . Would rather have placed though . 
Need to start being a lot more grateful for the things I have because some people don't have that much . 
Feelin ' cranky . This whole mess has got to stop . Can't wait to be 18 though . hrm . 5-ish hours ? 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . :) It's been great . <3 
Gah . I don't even have any words to say about our performance today . My mind stopped working about the time I made it into the room . No more explanation . 
i'm not gonna raichu a love song . Cos ' you ash for it . ... ha ha pokemon humor . 
I wish I could ride you , drive you too fast into a sharp curve . Break your neck like you broke my will . The guardrail will take you home . 
Just got my new number for good this time . :) I need everyone's < PROPFIRST > that I had before or didn't have . :P 
Ja < PROPFEMALE > is , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > demoiselle , je n'aurais voulu vous vexer . . 
Shall I know the outcome of the duel ? Who knows . :) I love u413 . 
Glad to have spent the night productively . :) Je crois savoir qui a gagné < PROPFEMALE > duel . 
Found a cute mini < PROPMALE > book thing . It's small , but not too small to draw in . :) I am so pleased . 
The world is dark , but i can still hear the birds singing . Wind whistling through the trees , i cannot hear through these walls . The birds still sing for you . 
Pretty happy with the weekend's events . :) 
Wow I called it , I got home at exactly 3:40 . That was smooth . Now to start on Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy . First chapter was even good . 
can hearts flutter w/o a reason ? 
Quel est ce sentiment sous < PROPFEMALE > coup de vide que je ressens dans mon âme ? Mes yeux ont été ouverts et la lumière peut être trop lumineux pour marcher dans seul . -- Quand je suis à mon pire , je vous trouve moment spécial , qui éclaire tout ce qu'el<PROPFEMALE> touche . 
Can anyone help me out ? I've got a worm on my computer that I can't get rid of . 
Il se sent comme la lumière du soleil . Tout comme chaleureux et me fait sourire . 
Never telling the truth how this life eats away ... 
fml . I don't even have anything to say . 
I guess my day has been ok . There have been some awesome points , conversations , events , but all in all .. I still have the freakin ' flu . Someone hug me . 
Woke up smiling , even my fever can't get me down . 
You don't even want to know . 
And taken by light in her arms at long and dear last , I may without fail , Suffer the first vision that set fire to the stars . 
:) American dad . So good . 
New goals . :) I think my road-trip this summer should be to \Vermont \"." 
No longer sick , but still smiling . I think this whole working for the greater goal thing works . (>^_^)> <3 <(^_^<) A hug . 
Pretty aggravated with stupid people who don't know how to take the hint or act like a mature , confident , adult . 
I don't know what to think about today . Almost got in a wreck , but I'm still grateful for the good things and people that have been a part of my day . Brightened it , freaked me out but gave me insight , made me smile . <3 
And the choice only gets harder . :( 
Gah . Can't wait to graduate . This is painstaking anticipation . Will < PROPFEMALE > ( my car ) make the voyage ? 
Today has been enlightening . :) Counting down the days to graduation . 
I have no words for my yesterday except , what the hell . Seriously ? 
-_- It does seem like forever , doesn't it ? Graduation is so close though . <3 I can't wait . 
You know that feeling your heart makes whenever you go way too high on the swings and you get a rush of adrenaline and you feel the cool breeze on your face , meanwhile it's doing back flips the entire time ? Get inside my brain . This \grey hound station\ " and figure out where the geese are . <3 " 
You don't even see me , but your eyes are still set to stun .. I think I need a paralyze heal , cos ' I'm far from done . 
My theory on the swings is proven . I went to the park today just to make sure .. Good day . 
I don't think I'm crazy .. It's legit to me . :) 
Hm . Today was good I suppose . Could be better . 
Super Smash Bros . Brawl is freakin ' sweet . :) 
Rapidly approaching future . :3 Hello . 
:( Workin ' for hugs . 
Summer needs to hurry up and get here already . I'm twitching with anticipation . :D 
:) Today's been a good day . Will be better though . <3 
Get a room you two . 
Sometimes I want to punch people in their face when they mess up what would've been a perfectly ok status by putting a joke about pokemon in it when they don't even like pokemon and then on top of it , messing it up . Bah . 
IBhatingtrolls 
My heart is ever at your service . 
feels confusion and slight discontentment , but will be better soon . 
I have no words . :( 
For blogging though , I do have words . Sweet , angry , words .. Dare I post it's link ? 
There's no way . Way more interesting than some food lover . IBYELLIN'BISHBISHBISH 
I'm not sure how I feel today . -_- Drab and lackluster . 
My head hurts and I've got an excellent yet unobtainable cure in mind . :P hehe . puns . 
I think I'm going to sleep . No bed bugs , just some dreams to keep my mind at work even when I'm trying to rest . Bah . Getting there . :) 
Je ne rêve plus . 
Lost a friend .. Or did I ever have one ? 
This isn't easy . </3 
I may be able to sleep , but my mind is never at rest . Always running a marathon of thoughts . How tired can one mind be ? 
I greive , yet dare not show my discontent . 
Today WILL be a better day . :) It has to be . 
I needed that change I made . If only I could rid my ears of that stomach wrenching laugh . It makes me want to pour bleach in my ears . 
Getting ready in a few hours . -_- . Hope I have fun tonight . This summer can't get here soon enough . 
Today's been an ok day . Could've stood going to second block , but meh . Totally worth the trouble of sitting there . Hope those kids used the invites we left . 
Wow . :) 
Can't wait to see the u413 shirts . :) I'm totally getting one . 
is getting ready to leave for mom and dad's house . :3 back later . 
fml . 
Today has been amazing . :) 
End of Course exams today , hope things go better than they did yesterday . My brain didn't work at all during class .. 
Did the theatre performances today . They were great . I'm really gonna miss all of you . 
Springfest went pretty well . Can't complain about much except for the heat . :P It's ok though . Shame that finals are next week .. 
Today has been ... Interesting . :) 
Hm . Boredom . Someone should message me . 
Today has been so confusing and awesome . I don't even know what to do or where to get started with all of this nonsense . FIX MY BRAAAAIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNN . 
doesn't know what to do about Global Warming . Amirite < PROPFEMALE > ? lol 
Anyone know how to Un-join a group ? 
Loving this no school stuff . :) 
:) Can't wait to actually get my diploma . I've got mixed emotions about this graduation nonsense . 
Ahh . Tomorrow is the last day for me . I've got to get pictures with everyone . :) Pretty please ? 
Wow . Reading LGMH makes me all warm and fuzzy inside . :3 Picture day ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s coming home for the night . :) Woo . \ 
\ 
Glad I got my diploma yesterday , but wish my morning hadn't been so boring . \ 
ibwoohoobreffastkafreen . lol <3 
I just saw a guy literally hit it like a red headed step-child . Red hair and everything . <3 so great . 
I would love to get inside some other peoples ' minds and see how they work , what they think . <3 
I hope today goes a lot better . I'm not sure how I felt about yesterday . It's extremely complicated . 
Take everything from the inside and throw it all away , cos ' I swear for the last time . I won't trust myself with you . - Linkin ' Park . 
Faith keeps morphing . 
I can't wait to go swimming , but I hate this rain . :) 
Got the job at Vector . :) So excited ! 
Gotta get to bed . Waking up early to start training . :) Interesting day , got to < PROPFEMALE > with my friend with the same name . :P 
Hold me . Take me with you cos ' I'm lonely . :3 Weezer's amazing . 
Awake and ready for training day 2 . :3 This isn't turning out so bad . 
Today has been crazy . Learned a lot . :) Can't wait to get started tomorrow . I really need to find some money though . I neeeeeed that < PROPFEMALE > . 
I need to come across 153 dollars . a.s.a.p. \ 
Training was fun though . <3 
Gah . Difficulty . Today has been alright though nonetheless . I'm really in a music mood . Recommend me some new music to listen to . <3 I don't like rap or most country . 
Ready to start working already ! Hmmk ? Anyway , today was nice . Not too hot . I do feel bad for the guy who ran the box truck off the interstate and into the wild green yonder . lol He looked pretty upset . Sorry man . 
A lot on my mind . Get to start working tomorrow . :) So that's a plus . Can't wait for the Bayside album . Can't wait to see some live music . 
Rainy day . : 0 Needs more cowbell , sunlight , and a full gas tank . Can't wait to get my < PROPFEMALE > today . 
Hm . Maybe I should get some food soon . 
Started off my day alright . :) Can't find the right thing to put in my random info box to the left . Someone give me something to put there . <3 
Back home at last , but not for too long . Gotta go to my first appointment . Wish me luck . :D 
:) 
Gone alllllll day tomorrow . This will be interesting . 
is literally making the sandwiches . 
ATTN : gene ! still not sending . sorry love . 
Wow , yesterday was both fun and painful . I don't even know how to explain it . No excuses . :P \ 
I learned a lot from the conference and hope I can get it together and work on my presentation some . \ 
Glad the car I rode in had AC , and that everyone was way cool . :) \ 
I don't like lies , but I'm a forgiving person . \ 
My sense of direction is just as horrible as I thought it would be . \ 
:) There's a smile . 
is playing the waiting game . The rules are : there must be something to wait for , you've gotta think about it constantly , and it can't be anything that will actually happen cos ' then the game will end and you might just smile . Isn't life grand ? 
Well . I am pleased , but not . My finger aches , as does my heart , but it will mend in time . Until then , I just need to keep a smile on and a positive attitude . I can do this . \ 
At least .. I hope I can . 
I thought I'd figured out which way to go , but now I hate to say , the only thing that's keeping me alive is you . 
All I see is green . 
:-| 
Today's been alright . :3 New rulers arisen and work back in motion . 
Mmm . Chinese food . :3 Applied for another job . Hope I get it . It'll be sweet and give me a < PROPMALE > to work with a camera again .. I miss Sanderson's cameras . 
Writing a story about pokemon in my email inbox with facebook computer register emails . It's going to be amazing . :3 
:) Team meeting was alright . Going to sleep now . 
Watching wrong turn makes me grateful to have family that doesn't love each other THAT much . :) 
I don't feel good . I need a biiiiiiiiig hug . :3 
I'm all torn at the seems , just like you said I'd be .. If this is love I don't want a part of it . 
If I read any more of that garbage I may be sick .. and no .. I'm not referring to twilight . 
I can't have one safe place can I ? 
:) Got an interview Thursday . Wish me luck . 
I feel that Crossville should establish a < PROPFIRST > in the Box , quickly . :) 
I will be completely honest for 24 hours . You can ask me ONE question ( only in my inbox ) and I will answer no matter what . You have my full honesty . 
Interview [ x ] , clam chowder [ x ] , < PROPMALE > Python [ x ] ... \ 
Great success . :) 
Mmm . Pokemon red and Blueberries . :3 
Finally caught a Dratini . :D * dances * 
After months of disaster and mayhem . The xbox 360 works and peace is restored . DRAGON AGE . ^_^ 
What is the point of having the day off on the 5th if you actually had the day off on the 4th ? Observance is just another excuse to not go to work . 
Screw fb . 
Hey . Recommend me some music about Pi and or Pirates . :) 
I feel so classy right now . :) 
can't do much right . 
Feeling better today . :) 
Good day for the most part . :D 
It's official . < PROPFIRST > Beiber is going to be touring North Korea . :D They may put an end to his pre-adolescent reign there . I hope that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Il hates his music . 
boy , you are every color \ 
how am i visible\ 
please tell me you need me . \ 
<3 Baths- \Plea \"" 
/sanity 
If I only had an axe , I'd sever the ties I made with the world . 
Too much is on my mind , and yet .. Nothing at all at the moment . It's so hard to explain .. \ 
I still keep going back to . How ? So crazy , yet so unexplainable . 
The sun is shining , the tank is clean and we are getting out of -- oh .. THE TANK IS CLEANNNNNNNNN !!! D: 
<3 lvl . 164 Aerodactyl . wewt . 
I'm pretty sure I hate the swings , high altitudes , and Death Cab for Cutie . 
Writing . :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Slaughter makes me not want children . :*( 
It's not the words , it's the ones you stress . <3 I love you as I love you just don't love me less . 
I knew what I was getting into . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party tonight . :) This'll be fun . * dances * Now I'm gonna go watch the Breakfast Club ! 
woo . :3 Good day . 
Nevermind . I can't win for losing . 
Fable 2 :D 
This sketch pad will be filled in no time . :) I can't wait to scan all of these . 
Ah . Nostalgia . :3 I found the cutest tape of my 4 year old self . It makes me giggle . 
Too hot today . It's like everything is moving so slowly . Bleh . 
I love my guitar . <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Pinata is pretty boss . :) 
Creating to keep from dissolving in this best of all possible worlds . 
I want a voice like < PROPMALE > Waits . 
I would like to introduce you to : Franco Fransisco De Bossa . :) 
Tomorrow will be the most beautiful day of my life . 
I have conquered my alter ego . :3 
I have the greatest idea ever . :) Pastels ! <3 
NER 
Geeeeennnnnnnneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . \\ni just so happen to love love love you a freaking ton . :3 
Still trying to decide what to go to school for . Bah . Psychology or music ? 
I feel like a loser . 
Geeeezola . I can't think of anything to put here . :P I'm digging my profile song though . Yes yes . bfmv is amazing . <3 
I didn't sleep very well at all last night . I couldn't stop thinking long enough to even attempt to sleep well . Bah . Leave my brain alone would yeh ' ? 
just no . 
:) It's cool . 
I'm going to tell myself that I'm a good person again and try to get this circus act back in the right rings and try not to tear the tent down this time . 
Yeah . I'm in a < PROPFEMALE > Spears mood . 
If what you say doesn't involve elephants , it is irrelephant . \ 
Puns . are . a . great . success . 
is learning how the world really works and doesn't like how terrible humanity is turning out to be . Always having to be the best , have the best , sexy time , the whole nine yards . It disgusts me that people have that insatiable need to be assholes . I just wish everyone would shut up and give someone a hug now and then . I know I need one . 
Inside it drives me crazy . My insecurities could eat me alive . 
Getting antsy about college . i need to get it all straightened out . 
Bahayakkity :3 
Hate me if it helps . 
I went with psychology . I hope it was the right thing to do . I almost already regret not choosing music . I may have to change that . 
A lack of rain in today's weather forecast would be more than peachy . :/ We'll never be that lucky though . Rain is only fun when there's someone else to play in it too . <3 
I curled my hair , brought my guitar , and now have no motivation to play . Screw curly hair , and THURSDAY . DSKLFHSIODG SLKNESOGIHETWBOIUWHERbtlejroihdfenr'ytjerlkg'ndfoihgdflsk gmarbthw[eoitewklbtneoripghldfkgnmdio fhgerlkm dklf ; ghodfislgt her\ 
I feel better now . 
You drive me crazyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy . :3 
I'm going to try to say something good about most of the people on my friends list . I'm just going to start at the top . all 300 something of you , here I come . 
yeah . I'll stick to war instead of hearts from now on . 
It is indeed , as you put it , ON , sir . 
I'm trapped in a vile world , where there endings are the same as any other . We're only here to die . <3 a7x 
This shall be interesting . < PROPFIRST > Tucker must die ? new fav . movie . \\n * : Save me . : * 
... whatever . 
I think psychology was the right choice . :) 
I'm actually in a good mood today . :) V2 will be set in motion soon and I do indeed , win . 
Creepah be creepin ' . :3 
So , I'm not starting classes until next semester . Gotta love procrastination . Other than that , everything is going great . :3 muahahaha . v2 will be success . 
Wow . Today has sucked . :/ 
no sleep for kafreen . 
the veggie isle in walmart makes me happy . :) 
lulz . today should be interesting . I love my lack of credibility for no apparent reason . 
I miss Molly-fax . D: * meow * : _ : 
Families are supposed to love and support all of their children and want the best for them . Not make it harder and treat them like shit . \\n*Kafreen * 
Eh . Today was , better . :| 
Eh . Don't want to wake up early tomorrow . :/ 
I think I'm going to use this computer to make an entire indie album . bad assery will ensue . 
lulz . I just keep finding more and more reasons to be sick at my stomach from stupidity intolerance . XD 
\in them old cotton fields back home . \ " :) " 
alabama . sun burnt . but < PROPFIRST > is here so it is totally worth it . :) 
i'm about to do a rain dance all up in this bizzatch . 
On our way home . :) 3rd lambert's a charm . 
Good day . :) 
Dropped my phone and now it's trashed , the laptop freaked out on me , < PROPFIRST>'s working . :( Sad faces . 
Wow . Today blows . 
Freaky ego death . :/ 
Felt pretty nice out today . :) Disappoint , I am not . 
Playin xbox 360 with mom . :) awesome . 
D: 
The midgar zolom had better luck than i do now . 
:) poor zolom . better nao . 
dude ... We think the same . 
wow , Hot Chelle < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
This is not what I expected . :/ 
Oh mr. policeman . I bet you remember me . :) 
I wish I could sleep . Sleep and not dream . Dreamless sleep gets rid of the monster that inhabits what should be my rest . Unrested , now unsatisfied , incomplete . 
I'm so sick of everything . 
I wish I knew what to do . 
I'm glad < PROPFIRST > came home , at least for last night . I missed him < PROPFEMALE > much . Now he's back with < PROPFIRST > again today though . :( He's seen < PROPFIRST > more than I have lately . \ 
Now , off to abducting my mental children . :3 
I finally get it . :) 
Sometimes i wish life had trade in value . 
She's nothing like me . 
Job interview tomorrow . :D Today went ok . 11th ! Wish me luck . 
Today has been the best day ever . I got engaged , got the job , and more rootbeer . Feels good man . 
:) this job is awesome . Game stop still would've been better , but i'm content . 
Day went better than i had anticipated . :) success . 
I hate when he's not here . :( 
Aunt < PROPFIRST > ! It's cool , i didn't take any offense to what you said . :P i knew you were playin ' . <3 
What warm month would be best for a small east coast beach wedding ? I can't decide . 
wedding stuff . :) Oh , how I love my fiancé . <3 
Bayside's new song \Already Gone\ " from their unreleased album Killing Time is stuck in my head and has been since I heard it . I highly recommend it . " 
Gene'll be home today ! YAY . :) I can't wait to see him . Today will be good and I won't have to spend the weekend here alone . <3 
< PROPFIRST>'s home ! Tomorrow will be awesome , but for tonight . Work till nine . :) 
Work tomorrow and < PROPFIRST>'s leaving . :/ Life is getting monotonous in some places . 
I must find an actual band . Not one from Craigslist where I fear our first encounter may end with myself dead in a dumpster , but a nice one . :) Vocalist . 
Lucario ! :D 
Work was so fun today . :) I wish < PROPFIRST > would come home . Neighbor was pulling the car alarm this morning and I had no way to turn it off . So , so tired . 
I'm gonna fill the ice trays with my tears . :( 
I finally looked up what \Yiff\ " meant . " 
:3 Tell me something interesting that I don't already know about you . 
I hate having the stomach flu . :( i don't want or need to call in today . 
I miss u413 . 
Lol . We still use an ibm from the eighties here at work . Cls and all . 
My love has become an affliction . 
Glad I got to see < PROPFIRST > . :) No work today , I can just chill . I found a band that I'm really considering joining out of livingston . They're really good . ^_^ 
blahblahblah . Talk . 
Today can get worse , but i'm not sure by how much . I have too much time to think . Je te manque encore . 
Life just isn't worth it . 
Wow . 
I guess food for everyone else is more important than my bayside tickets . Regardless of how much i wanted them or if anyone even fucking cared . 
Just leave me alone . 
Don't text me with your fucking opinion of the situation . I don't want to hear it . 
Thanks guys , i really know who my friends are now . :) 
It's too late for me now . Even < PROPFEMALE > can't make me feel better and i give up . 
I want to watch Dazed and Confused . \\nwaaakis ! 
I don't even want to be alive . Don't text me about it and don't comment if you're going to be an ass . I'm so sick of everything . 
is not cheering up any time soon . 
Hey reo ! You're a cat . 
sick , sick , sick . <3 
It's a shame , it only took me a week to ruin my entire life . I may never see my wedding day after all . 
Things will get better eventually . I'm so glad I can breath again . 
I liked it a lot better when ftw didn't mean \for the win \"." 
Atlanta tomorrow ! <3 
Don't eat the fried bananas . 
Oh my . :) Leaving now ! <3 
Here , waiting . I'm so excited . Stupid tall people . :/ 
Amazing time , Bayside will always rock . :) 
feels like shit . 
I wish i had the balls to just jump already and get it over with . 
What a shitty situation . Well , i guess it can only get worse before it gets better . 
Life is hard . I miss < PROPFEMALE > . :( Is is possible to double < PROPMALE > at UT ? 
Wowza . Anxiety . Finished building my resume finally . I'd love to be speechless right now . 
Work today . I'm not gonna waste anymore time on here . Gonna go play Madden 11 avec m'amour . <3 
I want a kiss . 
Ohhh , today should be interesting . I get paid tomorrow . Hello christmas shopping . C : Lots of fun stuff going on . Writing a song too . It's gonna be sweet . 
Same shit , different day . 
If memory serves me correct , I gave you all , you gave me less . Sexcapades , delivered checks . I can't afford you self respect . It's sick , sick , sick . 
The win to loss ratio here lately discourages me . 
It's all in my head . 
giggles for obscurity . Tis a good day . 
wishes she had a time machine for two . 
sometimes I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
If I don't recognize your name , you're probably off themy friends list . I don't know all 400 of you and it's called a friends list , not a stranger collection . 
My dreams are trying to tell me something . 
Got my new phone . Can't use it ... Fuck . 
Response is lovely when it actually happens . 
Nevermind . :) got it to work . It's too cold outside . Someone needs to melt this snow , seriously . 
I need someone to sketch . Text me if you're willing to pose/sit still for me . :) 
Work today . I hope i get to keep my job after christmas . On another note , I'm pretty sure most domestic pets like ranch dressing . How odd . 
Or not . 
Love really goes a long way doesn't it ? 
:D \\n*iHateSnow . * 
I need someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with today . :) text me . \\n*iHateSnow . * 
\why are you still talking ? \"" 
if i get one more of these stupid messages from someone to me and sixteen other friends , i'm going to lose it . Stop it . 
Bossalicious lady chairman . 
You were rightly mistaken . 
is truly Sorry . :( 
i hate the cold . I really wish it hadn't snowed . Also , i'm going to kill our dog . That is all . 
Another ruined day . I give up . 
No matter what i do . It will never be enough . Just leave me alone . 
I hate having to say the things I've said . 
I hope i can make it out of my driveway tomorrow . We've probably got over a foot of snow here now . 
Is sliding all over the road . They really shouldn't be so stingy with the salt . 
hahahahaha . Topix does amuse me . Those people really have nothing better to do .. Unfortunately , the bad grammar makes it impossible to read . 
Christmas at work . Way cool . I wish i had my sketch book . I want to create some more ezio grade pieces . 
if only it weren't for < PROPFIRST > swift singing < PROPFEMALE > baby . It was getting old the first hundred times . Now . I want to cut my ears out . 
I'm so lucky to have < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Work again tomorrow . I really want to go see Bayside again . I'm gonna go draw my feelings away . < PROPFIRST > <3 
Screw optimism . No reason to look up if life is going to waterboard you when you do . 
Countdown to submersion . 
Puppies for friends . Getchu some . :3 
< PROPFIRST > should come home . He should be home . It's 1 in the morning . You really aren't my friend . 
Well , I won't be getting any sleep tonight . Someone talk to me . 
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha . pwnt . 
Still awake . I can't sleep without you love . I'll be here waiting . 
Wow . Omegle sucks now . Chat . 
I'm being sucked into a black hole and who knows where I'll end up . This is dangerous . I can't even hear myself think out here . 
It's so wrong . 
Busy day . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > ryone . :) I'm going to pick a random day this coming month to speak all french , < PROPFEMALE > n though I won't need my french anytime soon . 
Aaaghhh ! He punted Baxter !! The man , on the bridge ! I hit him with a burrito ! Aaaghhh ! 
Wish me luck ! I hope the label likes my tracks . :) Maybe I'll get signed on . 
I love recording . So . Damn . Much . 
Done recording . Now we've gotta go back through and listen . :) 
Send me a message with your email address if you want to hear the tracks . :) 
Anticipation . : ? 
Does anyone know anything about having a right through deviantart ? Is it legit as a copyright for music as well ? 
OH MY GOOD GOLLY GOSH ! THEY FREAKIN ' LIKE ME ! HELLLLLL YES . 
Oh my freakin god . I'm probably getting signed . 
OK . so it's official . I'm going to be recording sometime after the first of the year . Thank God . 
I do believe this is classified as a win . Definitely a win . C : Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > everyone . Let's celebrate . New year , clean slate . For the most part . 
Damnit 
She's the one who raises the roof at the tribal feasts , yo . 
Is there an unspoken rule on being a musician and wearing band tees ? Cos if so , i need to buy some shirts . :P 
Places to go , things to do . :) I'm so glad the snow went away . 
lol . what a shame . <3 
There is currently nothing i can say to describe my status . I just want to sleep forever . 
UGH 
Ford prefect is a boss . :3 
Champagne . 
I feel as if I've unknowingly and unwillingly moved ... TO ANTARCTICA . D: 
Someone recommend me a good movie . No extreme gore . :) 
Eh . I was proven wrong and was wrong from the beginning . Congrats internetz . I have been defeated . 
He should be sending me the tracks to work on soon . I can't wait to see the beach again and get my head out of the snow . The farther from here the better . 
I'm tired of people starting shit and butting into my personal business . Who I affiliate myself with is no one's business but mine . Please , find better use of your time and stop wasting mine . 
I think I\m going to st < PROPMALE > a folder and upload a lot of my < PROPMALE > and maybe my vocal tracks . Tell me what you think . :) " 
I don't feel good today 
they're mailing me my contract ! 
And now my car keys are lost so i can't even leave . GREAT . 
Well , contract on the way . They want me to take courses at The Music Academy to brush up on my stage performance . This is all so exciting . Also , glad to have made a new friend or two . :3 
I'm so sick of today . 
I need a good picture to work on , using charcoal . Any ideas ? 
Not a good start to today . I already wish i could go back to sleep . 
Wowwww . nostalgia . I'm gonna go now . I can't stay on here forever . 
<3 love makes the world better . lust makes it worse . </3 
The nerve of some people . :/ 
Intersectville , Tn 
< PROPFIRST > and Kafreen time . :) cu <3 
The nice things I say and do are always overridden by the bad . 
Maybe he is a wizard . = 
Moving out of town doesn't seem like such a bad idea . 
I hate UNO . That's right i said it . so much . 
Maybe it just isn't what we thought it was . 
Excellent news , rough day . It's almost yoga time ! 
I spent so much time working on my voice , yet i have no idea which female vocalist gives me my inspiration . 
Regions is the worst bank I've ever had the misfortune of giving my business to . The can go screw themselves . All of them . 
Comment on my status and give me the first word you think of when you see my name . :) 
Way to start the day in ultimate rage , maybe i need more sleep . :p 
Recommend me movies for my anti-valentines day celebration , pretty please . :) 
Thanks for all the movie suggestions . :) it really helped . So , i think instead of actually watching the super bowl i'm going to play madden . Way cooler . 
Well then . Next time , movie night will not include fear and loathing in las vegas . That is all . 
Well , after a terrible argument , chilling with friends , and discovering a new way to waste many hours , I'd say yesterday was a success . I finally cleared out my friends list . :D 
updated her blog layout . :D 
Sleepy time . :3 Maybe there'll be something good tomorro . 
I'm pretty sure today can only get worse before it gets better . 
I feel much , much better now . Nothing like music to sooth the aching soul . <3 Nashville tomorrow . EHHHHHHH . 
I don't believe that anybody feels the way i do about you now . :) 
Is there a way to connect ze blog with fb ? :/ 
I think I'm going to have a nice conversation with < PROPFEMALE > . :3 
ahaha . Sauf likes my < PROPFEMALE > . XD That's awesome . I'm SO FREAKIN ' BORED . 
Oh my god . They called me today ! 
So It's official . :) My stage name is Dekala . 
Today is being pretty annoying . I'm takin ' a nap . 
I know someone who is getting unfriended . 
EH 
I'm pretty sure Bayside just made my ears smile . I didn't even know that possible . :) \\n*Dekala * 
Wow . I really should take hints better . 
but I know it's too late , I should've given you a reason to stay . 
Why did the hipster mermaid leave the ocean ? 
Every movie I've picked up lately has < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > in it . He's everywhere . O.O 
THE BLACK KEYS <3 
When it rains , I sleep . So if it pours , I'll never notice . :) 
I always mistake it for progress . 
Tomorrow will be fun . :) I've got to do something new with my hair . Suggestions ? 
I keep looking for ways to take it all away , but nothing seems to ease the deep space nothing where my mind was . 
You're the black ice on my road to wholesome . 
I'm not ready to sleep because I know my dreams are waiting to ambush me . Who needs sleep anyway ? :/ I should try out that off color sleep schedule . 
Lets hope tomorrow won't be as bad as it might be . 
Close one . :/ 
Why is everyone breaking up ? :/ 
I hate crossville more than anything . 
< PROPFEMALE > had her kitties ! :3 
Its not reasonable at all to feel frustration . :/ creepy bitch . UGH 
wow . I guess i wasn't meaninglessly mocking her after all . :( 
Today really isn't a good day for me . Do me a favor and go fall on a blade somewhere else . 
:D Yay < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Making changes , but what for , to avoid monotony ? I'm not sure . 
I hate it when people categorize and then diss people based on a specific genre of music or artist they listen to . OMG IF ITS NOT THEIR OLDEST ALBUM IT SUCKS . Grow up . 
GRRRR FB CAPS RAGE . lol 
I need willpower right now . Why can't i level up ? 
Life was only complicated in one way , until I fell in love . 
Getting really wasted with a bunch of friends , $50 . Tylenol and sprite for the next day , $10 . Announcing your drinking habits on facebook when you're underaged and getting busted , priceless . :) 
Ides of March , lets hope no one dies today . Poor < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . :( 
People who put their noses where they don't belong will only get them broken . 
Just gained new found respect for Paramore . :) Their newest album is p good . 
I survived the Ides of March again ! 
I hate walmart . 
Mm . Lemonade . =] I think I wanna play a game . 
Getting the sleep schedule on track , maybe . Dragon Age 2 is fantastic . :D 
OH MY GOD . Contract on its way , I have the # and everything ! * hyperventilates * 
Contract in hand ! :D 
Headed to mom's then < PROPFEMALE>'s when my clothes dry . Dying my hair tonight and going over the contract . I'll miss < PROPFIRST > tonight . <3 Many loves , many many loves . 
I'm temporarily blinded in my right eye . :/ migraine . 
Of course you did , i did , there wasn't . That doesn't mean i don't , but its cool if it doesn't make sense now . It shouldn't . 
apparently not many loves . fml 
I did though , have fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s . ^_^ I'm just disappointed to come home to , well .. Not < PROPFIRST > . 
C : He got me a DS ! 
This year's birthday party will be amazing . =D You'll most likely recieve a message from me if you're invited . You have been warned . :P 
^_^ 
I watch , and am as a sparrow alone upon the house top . 
Song of < PROPMALE > 1:5 -Stay me with flagons , comfort me with apples : for I am sick of love . 
i wish people would inform me before they make decisions that affect me . 
Curse the 23rd . 
Rough day yesterday . 
This is one of those times I wish I had listened . 
Well , back to square one . 
Rofl . I love when people pass the blame ... not . 
LOL . That's what you get ! 
Thanks everyone . :) I did have a happy birthday . Can't wait until sunday . 
Praise Jesus . :) 
GREAT ! I love wasting gas . Especially when It's almost four dollars a gallon . I mean hell , I've got money to burn ! ... Not . 
Today was pretty awesome . ^_^ Many loves . <3 
Glitch hop or dubstep ? 
is tired . 
Wow . Castle walls is pretty good . :) Impressed , i am . 
Uhm . Yes . :) 
Got the job . :) yes ! 
Everyone should come check out the restaurant by the golf course on highway seventy headed toward Monterey . :) It's a nice place . 
So this man's sheep needed a bath .. He washed it in woolite . Lol 
KARAOKE CONTEST TONIGHT , AT CLUBHOUSE BAR AND GRILL GREAT MUSIC GOOD FOOD GOOD TIMES COME OUT AND HAVE A GOOD TIME I-70 N LIVE MUSIC WITH < PROPFIRST > LAMBERT . :) Come < PROPFEMALE > out with me ! I'll be there all night . <3 
I have two more kittens that need a home ! They're both female and look like the pic i posted yesterday . Very playful and healthy . § 
Things are looking up . :) I know one of you need a kitten . O.O 
Work tomorrow . Lets hope that guy gets back to me about that phone . ^_^ 
< PROPFEMALE > ! I love my froggie watch ! 
Fml . 
It's almost easy . 
Hmmm . 
Truthful has been stretched a bit . I'm not stupid and you aren't fooling me . 
I could be right here empty with you . 
K 
Hm . Interesting Day . Jobless again , but this time its not my fault . < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > has come out with an album . O.O 
In case everyone that texts me hasn't noticed . When you respond with . \K\ " . I slightly want to destroy you . ALL of you do it . >.<" 
Is not even going to lie . I really like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
:D .. \ 
That is all . 
I absolutely love it when someone lies to me . We are so no longer friends . 
Only one kitten left ! :) 
That though I loved them for their faults\ 
As much as for their good , \ 
My friends were enemies on stilts\ 
With their heads in a cunning cloud . 
Hm . I'm going to fill my notes with all of my favorite poems . :) 
If zebras can do their taxes . So pan the canda bears . 
All i wanted was you . 
Mm . Awkward DS games . So fun . 
Interview at < PROPFIRST>'s tomorrow . :) Wish me luck . 
I'll see this through . I'll see through you . 
Another interview today , same place . :) This should go well . I'm gonna go read something now . 
:) successful day . Got a job , cooked steak and baked potatoes for dinner , and caught up with a friend i haven't heard from in a while . I'm pleased . :D 
I'm hard of hearing . Lol 
I feel like watching sixteen candles . 
I just want to spin around and smile . 
Lovesick 
I'm gonna get in shape . Really in shape . Summer time and a yoga bod , here i come . :) 
What is on my mind ? Hmm . So many things . Almost done with my A7x painting outline . It's going to be so freaking good . I'll post the drawing I'm redoing on canvas . <3 <3 <3 
???????????????????????? \ 
??????????????????????? \ 
????????????????????? \ 
???????????????????? \ 
I love this thing . :D 
It's not a dream anymore :) 
\I will never have loved you more . \"" 
Can someone help me with my college forms sometime soon ? I want to start next semester \\n ! ooking Up :) 
Spachuulerr . 
I feel just like i did when i was thirteen . This feeling never changes , does it ? 
Ok . As if things couldn't get worse , the rain begins and my tire pops when i'm very much without a spare . so much for having a \yes\ " attitude . " 
Early morning tomorrow . Guess it's guitar time or madden . lol . not sure yet . 
Sitting up and lying down no longer have any difference apparently . Lol 
If the world ends tomorrow , i'll be spending my last moments at work . Lol gay . 
:3 
It's the blue meanies ! 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > , she hasn't been home in a week almost , but I'm not going to let it ruin this mood . :DDDD 
Off to work again . :) oh well , it really isn't that bad . 
I'm so confused .. \\n 
I really hope i wasn't wasting my time . :( i thought it would've been different . 
X ( 
Disappointment , you are very overweight today . </3 
I guess I didn't really expect to sleep anway . Thanks . 
I love it how you refuse to care when i tell you something , but cry to me when you have a problem . Some friend you are . 
All i can say is wow . 
I have such strange dreams . O.O 
Hm . Interesting turn of events . 
I love getting pulled over ! Fantastic . 
HAHA . Played and sent home , that's how I roll . 
I've been expecting you . :3 
Ambiguously vaguebooking . 
Finally got my Jerusalem Cruisers . :D I'm so pleased . 
You won't find any peace . You won't find any help . 
Apparently , we're delicious . 
Probably getting my tongue pierced tonight . :D 
Repetitive status theft is illegal and will be punishable by a swift kick administered directly to the face ... 
Bewm 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > . I wish she'd come home ... 
There's no return to what you had when you started before you lost control . You will never recover . -Silverstein 
CURSE YOU MOTHER NATURE . ;§; 
Ugh . I need a new profile pic . :/ 
\To love another is something\ 
Did I turn up your earphone and let a siren drive through ? \ 
Did I open the door for the mustached psychiatrist\ 
who dragged you out like a gold cart ? \ 
Did I make you go insane ? \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Sexton 
Wow , < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > did an audio recording of a children's book called \Go the F**k to Sleep\ " . XD " 
I could see paint ball becoming a new hobby of mine . 
I could be asleep right now . Thanks so much . 
How typical of me to have to eat my words once again . 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there . <3 Love ya Dad ! 
Amaaaaazing . :3 
The new mortal combat game is bitchin ' . = 
I've decided that < PROPMALE > Vonnegut is a fantastic author . :) 
You obviously never took what i said seriously . Now , you will learn . 
Secular humanistic agnostic theist . 
Learned some interesting facts today . 
can't sleep . 
Wow , Kamelot is pretty good . :) i'm impressed . 
I may seem unaffected , but don't we all ? 
I've decided that if you don't like eminem you haven't recieved your champion's handbook yet . 
Sweetness , can you believe this ? 
So MUCH win . 
\I aim to please . \ " :3 \ " Bullseye . \"" 
Like a loon . 
<3 some things are so good they have to be true . 
Brown eyes i hold you near , cos you're the only song i want to hear . 
I finally found you , my missing puzzle piece . I'm complete . 
Awesome . I get to sit and play chrono trigger for the next ten hours . As good as this game probably is , i'm not pleased . 
I'm Lonelyyyy and comments don't come to my phone . :( this sucks . 
UGHHH :( 
Damn < PROPFIRST > , That's a gay ass hat . 
I miss you . 
Hour and a half to go . :) the more i play this game the more i like it . <3 
Dreaming about those dreamy eyes . 
Infinite amounts of love to shape space and time . You amaze me . <3 so it goes . 
I think i'm lovesick . :3 
Your skin stretches perfectly over perfect placed bones that would shame the greatest architects . 
needs a snuggle . This cheetah blanket can only keep me so much company . 
Things are looking up . Shower then bedtime , finally . In the blue roooom . :3 
Reconnected with an old friend . :) 
Let's get these mind vibes moving . It is time . :3 
Love the new get up ! The food is awesome . Lace and < PROPFIRST > are awesome . All I'm missing is < PROPFIRST > <3<3 
Ugh . The things i agree to for love .. 
Had such a great time talking to my amazing boyfriend last night . :3 Life never ceases to get better with you in it . <3 
Poetry in the wee hours of the morning ? I think so . <3 New poem up and it is sexxxy . 
Stupid government . 
§ i've been horrified by a light ! 
i'll wait patiently because to me , you're more than worth it . 
Ugh . hookers . They're everywhere . Better not get myself into trouble . 
<3 Might get to see him sooner ! * dances * 
It's so good to hear your voice . <3 i absolutely melt at the thought of you being home with me . 
'' The pest , in a sense , is a very superior being to us : he knows where to find us and howusually in the bath or in sexual intercourse or asleep . '' \ 
< PROPFIRST > Bukowski 
Is worried and wishes < PROPFIRST > was here . 
It feels like time is moving soooooo slow . 
I believe it should be sign pics for kafreen sunday ! Who wants to make me one ? :3 
I can't wait to see you ! <3 
Doc says i'm bipolar . \ 
Bi+kl =<3 
Someone should invite me to google + . :3 
< PROPFIRST > wishes that people would quit fapping over the happy potter movie . XD 
What a great way to start today , bad news and a continuous migraine . Fun , fun . 
Someone is getting unfriended just out of principle . \ 
<3 two days ! \ 
Road trip delayed . Which sucks . -_- I just want to see < PROPFIRST > Irvin . <3 
Going to sleep ! Hopefully tomorrow will go well . <3 I can't wait to get on the road ! 
Have you ever had to convince yourself that your life is actually going as well as it seems ? I have . In fact , I did about ten minutes ago . <3 
On the road ! We're officially NC bound ! <3 \ 
Kl <3 Bi 
The nerve of some stank . Lol 
Tis a shame this isn't permanent . <3 \ 
Instead of tripping over your guitar amp trying to be a sneaky ninja , maybe next time you should just turn on the light . Love , my < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm not stupid . 
I'm no longer a good samaritan . < PROPFEMALE > and i don't quite see eye to eye . 
It's a shame that Sunday is drawing so near . :( I like this too much . 
LASSSSST DAY . : C 
I'd love to feel the way that i feel when i'm with you forever . <3 
This blows . 
I believe i was misunderstood before . < PROPFIRST > and i are still together and never broke up . I just didn't want to take him back to his base in NC . That is all . § 
Back in jacksonville . :( \ 
I dread this . :( \ 
Gasdonald's , Midixgicans , and Mexitz oh my ! \ 
I take my tunnel wish making seriously and hope the tunnel wish gurus do the same . 
Don't let gravity take over . Your tits will thank you later . 
Walmart better get ready for me . I'm pissed and tired of buying broken headphones . 
I don't like this . 
Mmm steak and rice . :3 
It's so cliche and predictable to specify that you are unique . Aren't we all ? 
is going to have to get some storage bins for all of the love that's overflowing . <3 
After 40 or more hours of sleeplessness , I've decided to curl up on your side of the bed and give this rest thing a try . Good night . :3 
What should I write a song about ? 
Band i was assigned : < PROPMALE > Marley \ 
Song i like : \Three Little Birds\ " \ 
Say you were a serial killer . Here are the rules :\ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st person turns you in : Nikki Grether\ 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : < PROPMALE > Holtzapple\ 
3rd person is your partner in crime : < PROPFEMALE > Laredo\ 
... 4th person is your first victim : Prue Hamilton\ 
5th person tries ( may succeed ) to kill you : Kea < PROPMALE > 
I have a strange longing for steamed broccoli . 
Why must you try to act like a hard ass if you're going to misspell everything ? Boo hoo . This is the reason I'm glad I can hide people in my feed . 
Lost a ton of pics within the phone switch , but i'm still diggin it . Helllls yeah\ 
Dkl <3 Bei 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s new album is good sex to my ears . OH YES . >:D 
It makes much more sense now that I know what this feeling is . It's called Nihilism . 
\apparently she sweats < PROPFEMALE > syrup\ " -- ha ha ha ! I love message boards . " 
<3 You make the darkness disappear . 
I'm so tired . Going to the doc Monday . Something isnt right . \ 
One day they'll see it was always me . 
Finally got my broccoli . Hells yeah\ 
People need to realize that life goes on and things get better . I hate it when suicide threats are a cry for attention . Boo hoo . Grow up . It's down the road , not across the street . 
Apparently monkeys are capable of stripping . 
Ok . Falling in Reverse owns new Escape the fate . \ 
Things can only get better from here . :) I can't wait for this weekend . 
< PROPFIRST > Phillips was right . \Pick up the phone\ " by Falling in Reverse is a bad ass song . That will be all . " 
<3<3 3 days ! 
What a start to a day . >.< 
It only makes me rage harder when my sarcasm is taken as seriousness . -_- 
I l <3 ve to hear you talk . :) 
I think I'm going to go start my day instead of chatting around here . ^_^ It was nice talking to everyone , but I've got food to be ' nomming on . 
I'm pretty sure that I have the best boyfriend ever . :3 
\eateth not thine hotdog in the presence of heathens \"" 
Wow ... Ohhkay . >.< 
A little learning is a dangerous thing , but a lot of ignorance is just as bad . 
Less than 10 hours . <3 I'm so excited . 
LOL 
I had so much fun with < PROPFIRST > while he was home . <3 Can't wait until it's for good . 
Wow . Passing out makes ya feel tingly . 
OF FUCKING COURSE . 
I'm just not very happy with this . 
The list of girls I'm about to unfriend has grown exponentially larger this morning . 
Oh , crossville drama .. * sigh * No matter how hard you fight it , it's always there . haha . 
Feels like freiza after the battle on namek where goku went super saiyan and freiza got whooped . Ha ha ha . 
How do I know what side I'm on ? \ 
Breathe , a captive with nothing\ 
But the thoughts increasing , \ 
Worsening , I don't belong here , \ 
But I can't find my exit . 
Would love to get acquainted with a hot tub . :3 
Hot tubbin ' . ;) 
Bah . Who wants to chill with me tomorrow after work ? 
:) i'm so pleased . 
I need a nap , but if I crash now i'll never get up . :O 
I knew it , and it stings . :/ 
Ugh . I do not want to be on facebook right now . 
\I cannot hide from the thoughts of my own mind . \"" 
Nevermind . Lol New favorite song is \Lifeboats\ " by Senses Fail . " 
At age 15 ::: \ 
What I wanted to be : an adult . \ 
I was : foolish and much less mature than I thought .. \ 
I liked : what I thought was hardcore music , ( haha . I learned . ) and too much black . \ 
I didn't like : Restrictions , pop music , and my appearance . :P \ 
Like this status and I will give you an age . 
is gonna find something better to do . 
I Decided that i am going to get in really good shape . Walking to the pool now . Giggity . 
I'm home and sunburnt even on my toes , but the tan will be nice at least . <3 Time to get giggly . 
Woah there . Enough with the lies . I'm pretty compliant . There's no need to play games . 
If I have EVER made you smile , click like . Then put this as your status and see how many you get . 
Going for a walk . I really need to clear my head . 
WOAH 
Today is gonna be interesting to say the least . Getting the phone I want tomorrow ! <3 
Home from the funeral , with more bad news in tow . I hope today gets better soon . 
\The white coats just don't get it . I'm a genius with a head ache . \"" 
Early morning , but here I am awake . :) and I don't mind a bit . 
Got the job ! <3 
Off to eat sushi with ashmo ! Txt it . 
Wow , what a day . Got a new number . :) 
People don't need to sit and take things they don't deserve . You all kept telling me that , but not a single one of you take your own advice . 
Gonna go make my own sushi . :3 
Oh my god . A random stranger just messaged me to ask if I fight other girls in pantyhose . 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > sleepy . 
Bah . Crossville and it's rumor base . Never change .. * sigh * never change . I will figure it out and we'll see who is the real ass then . Count on it . 
Aishiteru <3 
All I really want is just to see you smile <3 
First night working at the Hampton . :D I'm already < PROPFEMALE > sleepy . haha . 
Got off work a little early . I like my job and having cool surprise visitors to wake me up from drooling on the desk . haha . :3 
Someone should go swimming with me , just saying . 
Back to the drawing board . :/ 
What's tomorrow without you ? <3 
Off work . I get the best good morning texts . :3 
What's with all this \sitemodeling\ " nonsense ? Taking pics of yourself with your cellphone and posting them on some random shit site on facebook doesn't make you any more a model than me sitting in my Honda makes me a speed racer . " 
<3 What a wonderful day this has been . 
Some pretty cool things happened today . <3 I'm pleased . Got to take some new photos too . I'll post em when I get them finished . 
Ghag onett i thoughqv3 
Nice day at work and I come home to a hunt for the ever missing glasses and too much aggravating nonsense . Awesome . 
I miss my ring . : C 
lol . This is going to be excellent . My plan for revenge , will be complete ! :3 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Eff yes . < PROPMALE > gets a cheeseburger ! +1 internets . 
oh sweet glorious feat of spite . the look on her face was worth all the shit i dealt with yesterday . +1 internets for me . 
Work , work , work . :3 Off at 7 . Can't wait . 
Who wants to chill with me tomorrow morning around seven thirty or eight ? 
I would have much appreciation for a good warm hug right now , but I'm at workkkkkkkk . :( At least I have a pillow waiting on me at home . lol 
Oh gosh . :3 
So I was updating my profile when i realized that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > isn't just an athlete , but his own team . So that's what I friggen ' listed him as . 
Dude ... The past tense for the English word ' dare ' is ' durst ' .. I totally didn't know that . 
I miss < PROPFIRST > . <3 
My Pokemon Is : Piplup\ 
Do I like it ? : It's my favorite pokemon . :3 \ 
Do I hate this Pokemon ? : Nope\ 
Favorite Move : Ice Beam\ 
Least Favorite Move : Growl\ 
Like my status for a Pokémon . 
Mmk . I'm gonna go take a nap for another hour or so . Then Imma watch that cool video I just saw a sec ago on my wall . Gonna be a hobolicious day . :3 
If I get dressed up and stood up one more time I might just go postal . 
I think tomorrow will be pretty spiffy . 
Doesn't have a point of view , \ 
Knows not where he's going to , \ 
Isn't he a bit like you and me ? 
At work now . :) It'll be nice to kick back after work and just chill . Talk to me . I'm bored . 
Brassware ! 
Had a pretty good day . Wish I'd heard from a couple people more than I have .. Oh well . :/ At least I get a cool check thanks to < PROPMALE > NowhereMan Loaring . :D 
This is one of those times I should have listened to my head . 
Rest In Peace , Molly-Faximus Phillips-Lambert . I will avenge your brutal , senseless , murder one day . That bastard has it coming . 
It's almost time for bed . :D I cannot wait . 
Love is a losing game . 
My mind is going a thousand places and I'm trying to get ready for the future . Hopefully this will all make more sense soon . 
* bites lip * Wow . I got myself into a mess . 
Can't wait to get home . :) Tired of standing . What should I do on this lovely day off of mine ? 
Let's all get something straight . I have a boyfriend and I'm not going to go around screwing everything in Crossville . Dear lord . You all need to grow up and get out of my business . 
Haha . Famous shit starting nonsense is occurring again . You really need to learn to lie better if you're gonna fool me , girl . 
D'aww . <3 
You all really need to give it up . I'm about sick and tired of the nonsense . Where's the decency , man ? 
\Holding hands was the gateway drug that led to the mess Im in . \"" 
My car purrs like a walrus . 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > familia I'm safe tonight . Too much crazy going on in the world . 
\Never understood this life . \ 
Really learning a lot about myself . :) Only good things can come of this . 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Love isn't a battlefield . It's a murder scene and your heart could be the next victim . 
I've been believing in something so distant as if I was human and I've been denying this feeling of hopelessness in me . 
Sprite Overdose 
Thanks to my running out of the house late , I'm without fire , without smoke , and without make-up . Fantastic . :p 
About an hour left until I have a nice period of time off work . :D It will be sweet . 
Once again , learning who my friends are . 
I'm not sure I'm ok with any of this . 
Dear Kathleen , The Ides of March is about to spontaneously rock your face off , love Silverstein . <3 
Miserable at best . 
Apparently my life is up for grabs because people just keep threatening it . 
How do you fix a big mistake you know you made ? 
Hey guys . Add me on Google + . 
OH YES ! My mind has been eased , at least a little . <3 Thanks for calling and tellin ' me dad ! 
>:D Feeling feisty . Hope no one provokes me . :p * extends claws * 
I'm not gonna lie . This news feed thing on the side lets me comment without going to the person's < PROPFEMALE > and I like it . 
I think I'm feeling a little better about things today . Not great , but I'm seeing what I think is some light , so i think maybe it'll be good for everyone . 
There's a fine line between showing a little cleavage and having all but the nipple out . Come on girls . WTH do you demand equal rights for if you're going to show yourself off like a slab of meat ? #DIGNITY 
got a place ! 
Who all wants to help me with some poetry related stuff ? 
From now on when I shave my legs I'm going to listen to the Sweeney < PROPMALE > soundtrack . Cos ' I'm a freak like that . XD 
For once , It's not pseudo empathy when I have a problem . It's nice when people care <3 <3 . C : 
Pretty good day . Things are getting better and I'm really pleased . Gonna spend the next few days with the best and the rest . <3 Hope things stay this good , if not better , for ever . :D 
Graveyard shift makes me feel like a zombie . Coincidence ? I think not . 
I can't wait to get home . Work is great and all , but I've got some blankets calling out to me and they're saying Sleeeeeeeeeeeeep . 
I think some of you just need to chill out . Seriously , my nerves can't take the annoyance you're causing me . :/ 
Pound my knuckles hard against the floor , my head against the wall .. I did this to myself . Assume it's just not worth getting back up , so I'll blame it on bad luck . <3 Bayside 
Definitely going to check out Krav Maga . It sounds like a good hobby to take up for me . 
Hipster roommates are great , they have sex but you've probably never heard it . 
