disapointed in some people .... annoyed by others .... bout to kill some too .... wishing she would believe us .... but she don't ..... 

...... idk what to say .... life suckz ..... 
AHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why cant you freakn see what he's doing ?????????? 
bout to go to bed ... have to wake up early ... and my heart is hurting ........ 
hah !!!! my heart hurtz cuz i feel like its breakin ..... anywayz nite .... 
bored as hell ................ 
bored ......... 
chillen wit andii 
chillen with andii ... hehe ... im tired ... 
Life is so confusing ... god i just want to give up but i cant because everytime i think of you i push myself harder to stay alive 
Lalalalalala < PROPMALE>'s world !!!! < PROPMALE > loves his goldfish ... his crayon too !!! thts < PROPMALE > s world !!! 
Love is patient Love is kind Love is a killer But so divine 
god your so PERFECT and guess what !!! im in love with you 
lalalalalala in love with me man 
im in love with me boyfriend !!! 
I MISSES ME MAN !!!!! 
today was one of the best days of my life !!! im falling even more in love with < PROPFIRST > Bowser with each breathe i take !!! 
WHY AM I SO IN LOVE WITH YOU !!! 
Baby just breathe , there's nowhere else i rather be ... Bon Jovi- Make A Memory 
i misses me < PROPMALE > bear ...... :'( 
things seem to confuse me more and more each day 
grrrr ... stupid people . 
me mommy is making me chicken nuggets !!!! yummyy ! 
I think it might be nap time !!! 
if you dont know what you should say , if you dont say whats on your mind , baby just breathe theres nowhere else tonight we should be , you wanna make a memory ? -Bon Jovi 
I LOVE SPONGEBOB !!! 
I LOVE ME FATTY SO MUCH EVEN THOUGH SHE LOVES TO PUNCH ME IN THE FACE AND SAY \PREPARE YOURSELF !!! \"" 
Omg ... i just wrote an eleven paged note to < PROPFIRST > Bowser !!!! 
BEST B-DAY EVER !! XD 
damn cat is in my bedd 
GRRRRRRRRRRRRRR .................. 
grrrrrrrrrr bored !!!! txt the cell 681-9761 
it's not enough to say i'm sorry maybe i'm to blame or maybe we're the same either way i can't breathe . All i had to do is say goodbye . -Secondhand Serenade 
one smile hides a thousand tears ... 
Suppose that I was wrong , suppose you were here , and suppose that I reached out and caught your tears , and suppose this fight just disappeared . In my eyes I'm screaming for a sight of you . And tonight I'm dreaming of all the things we've been through . And I can't hold on to you . -Suppose Secondhand Serenade 
you know what ... i'm tired of all these stupid ass bitches and their drama ... so you know what ... FUCK YOU !!! WHEN YOU DECIDE TO GET THE BUG OUT OF YOUR ASS THEN MAYBE WE'LL TALK !! DUCES ASSWHOLES !!! 
so let the rain poor down and drown all my fears so i may < PROPFEMALE > on .... 
it's dark outside and there's a voice calling out to me to surrender .. but i won't back down .. instead i keep pushing forward 
some people are freaking asswholes and deserve to die ... 
lol never mind 
life continues to fly past and yet i don't seem to be getting anywhere .. 
just don't know anymore 
We don't cut ourselves with razors or slivers of glass , but with the broken pieces of our hearts ... 
FEeL MY pAIN , HeRE My SCrEAmS , aND WAtCH mE FAdE ... 
somewhere we went wrong .. 
suppose we were happy .. suppose it was true .. and suppose there were cold nights but we made it through .. and suppose that i'm nothing without you .. -secondhand serenade 
HAPPY EASTER PEOPLES !!! lol . don't feel like it's easter . 
blahhhhhh ........... so freaking bored 
wtf ? why cant people just shut there stupid traps and get over them selves ?? 
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME !?!?!?!? 
GOING CAMPING WITH THE FAMILY !!! oh joy this should be fun ! 
its hard to love someone when they don't fully understand just how much they're hurting you ... 
im such a fuck up i dont even know what i did wrong . 
officially done with your lies .. talk to me when your not such a freaking liar . 
Life seems to be slipping away ... Wish it would slow down ... Then maybe i'd be able to understand it ... 
Drama drama drama . Sick and tired of it all . Done talking to some people . 
all the lies you've told me . you disgust me now . after everything i've done for you , you treat me like this . i did absolutly nothing wrong and now your pulling this stunt . im done . your just like her .. a hypercric goodbye . talk to me when you've grown up . 
Life is SO complicated ! Grr ! Nothing left to do but pick up the pieces and move on 
He looked in my eyes and said . Theres still life in there . I can see it . Theres not much but its there . 
You know how people say life has its dull moments ? Well ... I think they're lying ! Cause so far there hasn't been a dull moment in my life ! Hahaha ! 
CALL ME SWEETIE AGAIN AND I SWEAR , I I'LL PUNCH YOUR FACE IN !!! HAHAHAHAHA !!! 
CALL ME SWEETIE AGAIN AND I SWEAR , I'LL PUNCH YOUR FACE IN !!!! HAHAHAHAHA !!! 
Come tho fairest gentlemen and present me with a kiss ! Hahaha ! I bored ! 
the toothfairy is HILARIOUS !!! 
By day and day . By night and night . I never seem to get things quite right . Its seems no matter how hard i try . I always end up wanting to cry . Lol . I'm weird ! 
If you don't like who i am then shut the fuck up and leave me alone . End of discussion . Goodbye . 
dude . i LOVE spongebob !!!! 
Had a blast at < PROPFIRST>'s today !!!! 
At the store pretending to be a cow girl ! Hahaha ! I'm riding a unicorn ! 
omg . i just woke up !!! this is the latest i've slept in all year !! 
I speak such mockery of what is so dear to me . Why do I do this ? What can it mean ? Loves sweet poison is filling my mind and hatreds sweet perfection is wrapping thine . For , I am not right and may never be . But only if you could see what I can see . 
Going to the library with < PROPFIRST > ! Hahaha ! Yea ! We're going to get disney movies ! 
Watching a lil two year old baby eat ketchup is very entertaining ! Hahaha ! 
< PROPMALE > KNOWS WHERE YOU LIVE ! 
At kelso's! PARTY ! 
HEY EVERYBODY ! KELSO AND < PROPFIRST > ARE ENGAGED ! HAHAHA ! 
Forever . What is forever exactly ? Is it today or is it tomorrow ? We may have theories of what it is . But what is it for real . Not what we believe it to be . We may never know , but we will always ponder about this word . 
Just got done shopping ! Lol ! Now i'm eating a slushy ! Yummers ! 
Even though I'm the sacrifice , You won't try for me , not now . Though I'd die to know you love me , I'm all alone . Isn't someone missing me ? Please , please forgive me , But I won't be home again . I know what you do to yourself , I breathe deep and cry out , \Isn't something missing ? Isn't someone missing me ? \ " -Evanescence " 
penguins go QUACK !!! 
As time goes on I've realized the pain has begun to fade away . Its all thanks to him , and for that I will always love him . 
i hate opening my eyes each morning ... sometimes i wish i could just sleep forever .. sometimes i feel my dreams are so much better than reality . 
Laying there next to you , \ 
Wondering if you’re awake , too . \ 
I turn around to see you are , \ 
I look in your eyes , they seem so far . \ 
You kiss my lips I breathe you in , \ 
On top of you like I was back then . \ 
We switch positions , bodies intertwine , \ 
I understand I love you now I’m yours and your mine . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Lemons 
Just got home from swimming with < PROPFIRST > and his family ! Had a blast !! Exhausted now though !! Thinking bout a nap ! 
kind of upset now . thinking about going to bed .. :( 
It's 1:25 am and for some reason I just can't get you out of my head . 
Chillen at Andii's!!! PARTY TONIGHT !!! hahaha !! 
going to Indiana beach tomorrow !! 
A flower quickly blossoms and grows up strong . But even more quickly it wilts when its torn . 
< PROPFIRST>'s grumpy !!! lol . 
Got my hair cut today !!! It's shorter now . 
As stars begin to fade and the sun begins to rise I long even more to be by your side . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > BOWSER SNORES !!!!!! HAHAHAHA !!! 
\don't bite it . \ " < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . You both crack me up . " 
Got a new phone !!! YAY !!! 
Not quite sure why but I just want to curl up into a ball and cry . 
He's my guardian angel sent to help me through the dark shadows of my past . 
I'M ON DEZZI'S PROFILE !!!! ha ha . :) -Andii 
Kind of upset . :( Think i'm just going to go to bed or something . 
' \Your a nerd . \ " \ " I know . But I'm a cool nerd !!! \ " Laughter . \ " No . You're just a nerd . \ " \ " What ? \ " love you dom and < PROPFIRST >!!" 
\To the world you may be just another pretty face . But to me you are so much more . You are the light and hope that has bribed me to live . And the love that has willed me to be stronger . \ " Dedicated to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bowser ! :) " 
Chillen in the jacuzee with my two favorite sisters ! 
TIRED !!!!!!!!!! 
Why am I so good at pissing off the people I care the most about ? I'm sorry I really am . Even though I have absolutely no idea what I said to upset you . I'm sorry . If I could I'd take it all back 
SpongeBob and icecream make everything seem better !!! :) 
Never knew I could feel like this It's like I've never seen the sky before Want to vanish inside your kiss Everyday I'm loving you more and more Listen to my heart can you hear it sing come back to me and forgive everything Seasons may change winter to spring but I love you until the end of time . Moulin Rouge 
Dinosaur ninja attack !!! \\n 
Sleepy , sleepy , sleepy !!! 
On my way to school ! Eating some fruity pebbles ! :) Yumm ! \\n DAVID'S GIRL ! 
Today has been such a good day !! :) 
When I see your face . There's not a thing that I would change , because you're amazing just the way you are . And when you smile the whole world stops and stares for awhile cause you're amazing just the way you are . - < PROPMALE > Mars- Just the Way You Are 
SMILE !!! Cause someone in this world love you !!! :) 
OH MY GOSH !!! I'M SO FREAKING HAPPY !!! HE GOT ME A RING !!! AHHHHHH !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > BOWSER I LOVE YOU !!!!! :) 
OH MY GOD !!! THE NEW SCOOBY-DOO IS SO FREAKING MESSED UP !!! 
I like it on the kitchen counter ! \\n 
I'm on your profile again HOE !!! I love you Desi ;) - < PROPFIRST > 
I want to look into your eyes and forget about the past , present , and future . 
Do me a favor and go vote for Ironsides to play with HTD on 12/18 . Go to Kulture Entertainment and scroll way down to the status asking who should open the show and put \Ironsides\ " Thanks everyone ! :) " 
bored . tired . cold . and lonely . this day officially sucks . 
today was a good day . :) got to see my teddybear !! 
Please copy and paste this onto your status if\ 
you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a\ 
punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the\ 
lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a\ 
punch in the face , apart from a punch in the ... face . \ 
............ 93% of people wont repost this . Why ?... Because they probably need a\ 
punch in the face ... 
