Can I change my name to \YouTubeJunkie ? \"" 

Tried Cat Bowlling - got 38 . Good way to kill time ! 
POOL PARTY !!!! 
Someone sent me a card but I can't open it . I get a message that the program is not compatible with Macs ! 
Taking < PROPMALE > and the kittens to the vet today for vaccinations . Should be an interesting day ! 
Needs to post some new pictures ! 
Took an awesome trip to the Pacific NW in late Feb and early Mar . Will post photos soon ( I hope !!! ) . So much technology , so little time ! 
< PROPFIRST > mowed a wonderful walking trail around our place . Now there are places I want to put little benches and one place a gazebo would be really nice . . . So many ideas , so little time . 
Today , we celebrate our 24th anniversary ! We gave each other iPhones ! Very cool ! Hurray for us ! We still like each other a whole lot ! 
Jakob Dylan : Women and Country ! 
Please keep my brother and his family in your thoughts and prayers today . My sister-in-law is critically ill . 
Thanks for all your prayers . My sister-in-law showed amazing improvement yesterday . Check my < PROPFEMALE > for my niece's update and please continue with the good thoughts and prayers . 
Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . Here is her post : \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Shelton : Mom is still critical but has surprised the doctors . She's wiggling fingers ! And her eyeballs move ! We now have hope ! ... and Arkansas is really humid ... 
My sister-in-law continues to make amazing strides toward recovery . The prayers are working . Thank and , please , keep them coming . 
I hope everyone had a safe , enjoyableand no t-t oo-soggy 4th of July ! It rained here . A lot ! But it didn't rain US out ! Our 4th was great ! 
Really good news ! My niece posted the following earlier today : Mom's innercranial pressure has stabilized ! They are taking her brain drain out right now ! And Fayetteville is hot and humid . :) 
My sister-in-law moved to a rehab facility yesterday ! Yea ! I'll be making a trip to Arkansas to pick up my niece . We're traveling to New Mexico where she just bought a house and needs to take care of business . So , Auntie gets another road trip ! 
Good Morning from New Mexico ! After seeing my brother's wife on Monday I believe she will make a complete recovery . Today my niece closes on her house and we start moving . Her friends have packed all her belongings so we are kind of camped out in her apartment for the time-being . One thing is for sure : no matter who shows up to help move I'll be the oldest . Does that mean I can be the boss ? 
I'm back in Oklazona ! The good news is that my sister-in-law continues her amazing recovery . It was a good trip to NM . I love that high desert climate . I \glowed\ " the whole time I was there ! " 
FB Friends : The contest to win a tanker truck for the < PROPMALE > Fire Department ends today . They have danced their hearts out to win much needed equipment . It is a volunteer fire department . Check them out on UTube - there are multiple videos . You can vote @e -one.com . The winner will be announced later today ! Go LVFD ! 
Wow ! Felt a 3.6 magnitude earthquake last night ! Kind of spooky . . . 
32665 
Om Mani Padme Hum 
