will be at anime weekend Atlanta till Sunday , feel free to call though . 

Happy Thanksgiving all and while i'm at it how is everyone doing these days ? 
Happy New Year everybody , hope this year gets better . 
Hey , so yeah there's a choral concert tonight at ksu that's gonna be good . Next semester I'll try to be more up front about when the dates are . 
So free time is overrated , who want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
so .. much .. Latin ............ 
Woot , finals are done for this guy . Now I'm gonna go camp in the woods , see ya all next week . 
After another weekend of being staff for a campout , I's is going to crash for as long as that evil yellow ball in the sky lets me . So yesh feel free to try me tomorrow . 
Is wondering if any magic players are borrowing my days of judgement and glacial fortresses . And for the rest hello and how ye doing . 
just wants to have the option to be bored again for even a day . 
So how has everyone been lately , I ask because I have the time to do so finally . 
Happy Independance Day everyone , hope ye all are enjoying yourselves . 
Is Heading out west to New Mexico to backpack for a couple weeks , I'll be back by august if anyone needs me . 
I am back from New Mexico , hows everyone been lately ? 
Is all about Dragoncon time , let the fun begin . 
If anyone has a way of getting through the pre-registration line for dragoncon faster please let me know 
has returned from another great dragoncon , just wish it didnt go so fast 
Thanks everyone for wishin me a happy birthday . 
So tired , One more tournament then the sweet solace of sleep shall have me again . 
thinks everyone should come to the ksu choral consert tommorrow night at ksu 
hey theres a choral concert tonight at 8:00 in the ksu < PROPFEMALE > performance center come enjoy 
could use something to do tonight 
is bored and looking for something to do 
has been in another sucessful concert 
Hope everyone has a happy thanksgiving . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all and if that's not your thing then a happy holidays to ye 
I forget there are other kind of colds than ga ones , yeah it's cold here in missouri but it's still better than ga cold . 
if you play wow let me know what server your on , If i can find one with more than one of my friends on it then thats where i'll play 
