HAPPY NEW YEAR 

im so bored 
Why is everyone going everywhere 
what the heck is famville 
Is watching ALIENS on AMC 
Is going out on his boat 
Is pumped for the ND game 
burned his mom's brownies 
is a knucklehead mcspazatron 
swimming's coming up ... can't wait to be going to bed at 11 and waking up at 5:30 to finish homework ... 
smells like chlorine , forgot the happy birthday song , and just ate some delicious oreo icrecream . 
I just love when there's a math test tomarrow and there's no time to study ! Good night people . 
finshed his homework . Yes ... 
tired of so many things going on ... 
Mr. Licata needs to email me ... now ... 
Who has answers to sheet handed out by Sra . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , spanish 2 , for the back of the sheet where you need the book ? Please help 
enjoys soup juice 
why do i have so much raggae music on my itouch ??? 
my eyes are so heavy . aaaaaaaaajhaiuyusidhgaiskhdlnmbxm ., /sef 
SURVIVOR 
why is my itouch taking 2 hours to download ...? 
anyone else get a notification that someone sent them a video message but when they opened it , it was just a bunch of adds ? 
lost his assignment notebook aldkfja ; lkdjsoiru3qorjojqofjalkdmnf ; malkn4ket 
i hope everyone in licata 4 has already stapled their papers ... 
what is it called when you dont feel like doing ANYTHING ? 
DALY 4 PEOPLE HE PUT THE TEST SCORES ON GRADEFILE . look at grades 
I had a dream that Sra . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > had a second job at an airport and I went to visit her ... 
T30's are killers .... omg ... 
anyone else pretty confused with bio 4 daly hw ? 
AND NOTRE DAME WINS !!!! YESSS !!! omg i didnt think they were going to win 
acorns keep falling on my house 
\I want men in my mouth ... That's delicious in my pants .... \ " and so many more - < PROPFIRST > " 
My parents are going to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dance with her partner and with 5 other olympic athletes . 
Now , this is a story all about how My life got flipped-turned upside down And I liked to take a minute Just sit right there I'll tell you how I became the < PROPMALE > of a town called Bel Air 
Google just created a ... \myTouch \"...." 
OMG INTENSE NOTRE DAME WASHINGTON GAME !!! WE HAVE TO WIN 
ah yes done with this stupid spanish project 
Who's in Licata 4 ? what words did you do for cross ? 
why does dove make shampoo and ice cream 
Who has 847-602-0355 and keeps calling my mom's cell ? 
why does go to school night have to be 3.5 hours .. 
if you looked up directions to the party in the F building last night , it pulled up google maps for a place in < PROPFEMALE > 
Its pink outside 
everybody call 847 404 2385 
oh gilly .... snl 
marley and me :( 
A Haunting 
i cant watch anything on tv cuz my sister is recording devine design and project runway at the same time .... 
people need to learn how to spel 
holds the record for losing his pencil in 2 seconds 
just spent 1.5 hours at a \minute clinic \"" 
who's in daly bio 4 
whos in daly 4 
NCIS = intense 
< PROPMALE > hanks has the worst < PROPFEMALE > accent ever 
whatd i miss 
woohoo pg . 70 out of 100 in a hope in the unseen 
At the oppostie end of the stomach , the pyloric sphincter regulates the flow of chyme into the small intestine . 
whos going to lagnappe tomoro 
who is going to lagnappe tonight 
aliens = classic 
notre dame wins again 
fb completely messed up 
castle = one of the best shows ever 
< PROPFIRST > swift has 5 out of 10 songs on the itunes top ten singles ... 
i hate english pop quizes 
who saw the halloween office episode 
internet is down for a week ... 
waited for bus that never showed for 2 hours ... i was the last one there 
2 words : mon tage 
no homework ... but its monday .... 
who has seen the show V 
time to start english paper ? btw chop sticks are stupid 
< PROPFIRST > is a cosmonaut 
5pm and pitch black 
if we get our english papers back tomorrow , im kinda nervous 
snorkel city 
cmon fb .. 
who watches V 
ok .. gotta read 50 pages for english by monday 
cocoa puffs + strawberry banana smoothie = :) 
5 notices that i can now activate the new Facebook Chat .. 
i want snow tomorrow 
school starts at 10:15 right ? 
haircut 
Siddartha is messed up 
It's a word ?? Coach < PROPMALE > was right ! http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=jamoke 
ok ..., so big science test tomorrow ,... and then science finals ? 
scare tactics !!! 
eggnog is gross 
cousins , chocolate fondou , shining laser pointers at ppl across the street , cod 6 , itunes gift card , fire 
10 days 
just got a lifegaurd job for this summer 
i dont know what i want for my bday .. 
why is everyone so paranoid about people viewing their profile ? 
im 14 years , 11 months , 29 days , and 15 hours old 
2 swim meets , my birthday , and 30 pages to read , annotate and study for english on monday . thanks licata 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone 
reading wasnt that much fun before , mr. licata brought it to a new level 
nt freshamn dominated the swimming conference 
the who 
i think watching man vs . wild + skittles + strawberry jarritos in gym class was the best gym class ever 
http://www.sarahmcculloch.com/luminaryuprise/longest-word.html 
luger died today training for olympics tonight 
3 < PROPFEMALE > paper due next week .... why ... 
physch season finale 
and i thought the Odyssey was bad ... 
left homework at home ... bummer ... 
Home !... work time ... 
I found a stereo that said \Free\ " on it at school during swim practice and the janitors wouldn't let me take it . Just goes to show you how currupt the school system is " 
fantabulous is in the dictionary ..? 
???? ?????? 
Got a lifegaurding job this summer 
My dad just got a free iPad 
when does school start tomorrow 
its funny how none of the study material that I only need for tomorrow isn't working on gradefile 
making life-saving devices out of household materials 
3 tests tomorrow , not to mention my finals on friday and tuesday ... 
What themes are we supposed to be looking at in a mid summer nights dream ? 
Instruction permit ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s got talent 
Holy crap parinormal activity 
Making pizza from scratch 
Kinect 
birds keep flying into my windows 
The storm's coming ... 
Saw a car completely on fire on the highway 
First debit card 
cubs game , dead snow , fireworks 
100 degree beach , 50 degree water 
Spain 
-\Hey miss 
Inception omg 
6 hour car trip followed by 2 days of camping and 4 days of hiking 
I just made $400 with a 3 hour carwash . 
Scuba diving 
1 week 
Crappy day 
< PROPFIRST > Colbert on the emmys 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , almost word for word , to see if they notice . 
When will I know that I really can go to the well once more time to decide on 
Nice job nt , I think I heard a cowbell on glenbrook norths side ? 
Cmon nd ... 
notre dame is awesome . 
what do we have to study for ms. geary lvl 4 test ? 
So tired 
airplane 
Big day !!! 
SUCCESS 
geary lvl 4 history hw ? 
woah i actually have some free time in my life right now .. 
save the green guy ! He was arrested 
10% luck , 20% skill 15% concentrated power of will ... 
Happy Gilmore 
Some 16yr old just died in a scuba accident on the news ... I got scuba-certified this summer ... 
i got out 
did absolutely nothing today 
Was in the newspaper 
My mom left the gas from the stove on for 3 hours and my whole house smells . 
full day paintballing 
cant wait until halloween tomorrow 
Blockbuster going out of biz 
Finally got my diving license , but my picture is from last year when my hair was shaves 
saw the funniest thing today . Drive by the Grand . 
almost friday ... but then i have to go on a campout and i have 2 papers due tuesday 
4 day week followed by 4 day weekend and another 4 day week . Cant wait 
who is deng xioapeng ? wh 
Thanks Mr. Gridley ... 
because of the global engagement project , i now hate doing service . thank you so much ... 
hypnotist show was awesome 
who else has a test tomorrow that they're not ready for ? i have 2 .. 
theres a freshman paranoia league too ? 
1 month 
New car !!! 
Snow ....!?!?! 
got my christmas tree 
walking dead season finale 
30 x 100 doesnt equal 3000 , it equals death 
anyone else seen the cia commercials advertising for people to be spies ? 
no more tests please ... 
NT > GBN 
It's weird how today is the first day of winter ... 
Pysch finale 
snow on xmas < PROPFEMALE > 
Selling 16gb iPod touch 
Almost entire east coast - 2 ft of snow 
T minus 30 minutes ... 
I think a kid brought a gun to washburne 
i hate history ... 
anyone is forbes lvl 4 ? 
Sister scratched my black ops disc and my xbox freezes everytime I try to play it 
Do you have any meth ... Or meth ? 
Thanks for the happy birthdays everybody 
No more brown hair 
lightning during a snow storm ? 
Looking forward to the commercials 
1 more day with hair 
I can finally say ... I'm still so tired 
So sick ... 
A school bus dented my new car 
Survivor 
Ski trip 
Gamecenters anybody ? 
Words with friends 
Banksy didn't win an < PROPFIRST > ... 
Found out I almost moved to Cali 12 years ago 
License ! 
Why does it feel like a Friday ?? 
Snow ? 
Lazer tag champ 
First time at a waffle house 
