OK . So < PROPFIRST > wants to take meat ( beef , chicken , pork ) out of our diet . I am all for this but have no idea what to feed him . He is so picky ... Any good recipe suggestions would be appreciated . 

< PROPFEMALE > your visions and your dreams . For they are the children of your soul . 
I am gonna make myself a really cool toe ring . Right now . 
have any of you crafters or artists tried listing your wares on artfire ? 
I put \goddess\ " on my toe ring . Just so that I have a little something to giggle about when I put it on . " 
work , work , working and then going for sushi and to watch a singing talent contest . 
If you were a potato masher , where would you go to hide ? 
Yummmm . Dinner at Tuck Shop . 
I am feeling really overwhelmed today . Way too much to get done by Saturday . 
Feeling overwhelmed again today ... 
I am going to make IT happen today . 
I forgot to eat today ... 
I have determined that I am totally addicted to computer triva games . I can't stop playing all the clubbing.com games . 
i miss NYC so much . i need a fix . 
so you are in the mountains , loving the solitude and beauty . along come 6 or 7 off road vehicles . you are in an isolated place . they keep drivng around you doing that donut thing and screaming . do you calmly ask them to stop or scream at the top of yo 
I haven't checked email since Friday . I have 1025 messages to go through of which about 20 will be something I need to read . 
Character is what you are in the dark . 
Ladies Night at Cave Creek Coffee Company ( C4 ) tonight . I will be having my last trunk show in Arizona until October . Stop in , say HI , and have a glass of vino ! 
Having Facebook technical issues this morning . Anyone else ? 
Thinking about how nice and cool I will be for the next 2 months in Michigan . 
Packing , packing , packing . 
I am realizing how much I am going to miss < PROPFIRST > being gone so long ... :( 
Packing up the dogs & cat & hitting the road to Michigan !!! 
Here in Michigan . Enjoying the cool weather . Dogs are loving it . Just got my internent connected so I am able to communicate again . 
My 86 year old aunt got chased by a bear yesterday when she was taking her daily walk in the woods !! The same route I took a few hours earlier ! 
Got up early this morning . Took a walk in the woods , in the rain with Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Love my walks with her . And she is 87 now , not 86 ! 
All this rain is making me sleepy . 
Happy to hear today that my sis is going to come to Michigan for the month of September !!! 
Got up this morning at 5:30 . Could not shut off my mind . 
Headed to Marquette to the Farmer's Market and lunch on Lake Superior with Mom . Hopefully the weather won't be too bad ... 
Laughed with mom so hard at lunch yesterday that I spewed water out my nose ! Very classy . 
Went with mom & dad to the Cooks Annual Corn Roast today . $6 bought me 8 beers ( thanks to all my lovely cousins ) . The most beer I have drank in years . Two is usually my limit . 
Gonna cook some elk today . 
Maybe make some bread & butter pickles too . 
I took a break and brought the dogs down to the lake for a swim . I kicked an old piece of driftwood way out in the water and a piece of it lodged under my toenail . It hurts like a mother . My Dad wanted to \operate\ " on me . I declined . " 
Dad was telling me such great stories of when he was young and just starting out . I really need to have a recorder with me so that those stories live on . They are so interesting . It seems like he lived in a different world . 
Made a wild blueberry pie ( my fav !! ) and 20 quarts of dill pickles yesterday . Today making 20 more dill , 20 bread & butter pickles , pickled green tomatoes , and pickles banana peppers . Yum , yum , yum . 
Hey all Facebook friends-I have a dear friend that is has breast cancer and is going in for surgery Thursday morning . Please put out all the positive vibes you can for Barbi . Communal positive energy does great things . 
I can't keep track of what day it is here . 
It was 39 degrees here last night . Just a little too chilly for the last day of August . 
ready to fire new jewelry but can not find my timer anywhere . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Laugh as much as you breathe . 
Back in Az . Just in time for the great weather . One day at a time to get back into the swing . 
Feeling a bit confused today ... 
We should honor the veterans for they act like a shield Protecting us from danger , keeping < PROPFEMALE > healed . So if you would take a second to commemorate , you will instantly see we owe veterans our gratitude , for they are the reason we are free . Thank you . 
Made it back from a hike just in time for it to start SNOWING ! The black doodle loves it and has a white blanket now ! Think I am gonna have a hot cup of coffee and listen to some good tunes . 
Loving it up here in the mountians so much that I decided to stay another week !!! 
It's starting to snow again . 
Why does < PROPFEMALE > think it is really fun to roll in fresh cow manure ?!!!! 
Got to enjoy the next couple of days ' cause it is back to reality Monday . 
Only home for 2 days and am REALLY missing the mountians , long hikes with the girls and the sound of the wind moving through the trees . 
Woke up about 2 AM feeling like something was crawling on me ... Turned on the light to find a scorpion in bed with us ! We both jumped up and tired to get it but it scurried away . To say the least we did NOT sleep in our bed . Today I am washing bedding , cleaning under the bed and getting the house sprayed . Not sure how I will sleep if I don't find it . Thank God it did not sting me before running off . 
~ I have a very firm grasp on reality ! I can reach out and strangle it any time ! ~ 
Did anyone see < PROPFEMALE > White on SNL this weekend ? She was hysterical ! 
~ Every survival < PROPFEMALE > should include a sense of humor . ~ 
Lead me not into temptation ; I can find the way myself . 
You know , sometimes it is hard to take the high road when you really just want to tell someone to F OFF ! 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change , the courage to change the one I can , and the wisdom to know it's me . ~ Author unknown 
I think skipping could be the answer to many of our adult health problems . 
2000 < PROPMALE > in 3 days in an RV with 3 adults , 3 dogs and 2 teenagers . Anyone want to join in on the fun ??? 
Yep . I gonna do it . I am going to take everything out of my closet and clean it . Yep . I am . 
Why is the road to success always under construction ??? 
Really wishing I had a kayack . Going to be on the river in Colorado for a month and would love to be able to do some paddling . 
SHOE SALE !!!! -All Size 6 women's high end designer shoes . Selling only the ones that have NEVER BEEN WORN . Beautiful shoes for great prices . Casadei , Christian Lacroix , Prada , Miu Miu , Dolce & Gabbana , < PROPFEMALE > Spade , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Pliner to name a few . Sandals , pumps & boots . Most have high heels . ( Yes , I have a complex about being short ) 
SHOE SALE continued ... Selling them for what I would make taking them to resale shop . So nothing really . Pass this along to friends that may be interested . Contact me if you are . Will have photos over next days or so . They have to find new homes by Sunday . 
Friday , June 4 , is National Doughnut Day ! You can stop by Krispy Kreme or Dunkin ' Donuts for a free doughnut . This was one of my morning news headlines and thought I would share it . 
Thanks for all the B-day wishes , calls , cards & songs ! I think it may be time for me to start lying about my age ... 
Trying to pack to be gone for several months is a little overwhelming . 
All packed and ready to hit the road . So long Arizona . See you in the fall . 
It feels so nice to have someone call you \girls\ " and mean it when you are 46 and your sister is 62 even if it is your 83 year old father . :) " 
Mom is doing very well 3 days after her open heart surgery . Free of any machines and sitting up in a chair . She should be walking by the end of today . Things are looking up . Thank you friends and family for all your support and prayers . 
Today Mom got tranferred from the Intensive Care Unit to the Cardiac Care Unit . It is a very good day . 
Mom is out of the hospital and will be transitioning home after a week stay in a nursing home . She is doing well but this is sure hard work for everyone involved . 
I could sure use a nice bottle of wine and a lot of good laughs ! 
Finally get a day off ( tomorrow ) and we are supposed to have thunderstorms all day . That seriously sucks . 
Mom is coming home today . Yay , yay , yay !!! 
Going to enjoy the day and appreciate my family and friends . Mom is home and doing well . Thank God . 
Last night for the first time since I have been home we had dinner with the whole family sitting together around the table . Dad told stories and we had some good laughs . Can't tell you all how fantastic it was to hear laughter in the house again . 
I think I am going to have a Key Lime Martini and check out the coronal mass ejection tonight . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan-24 , gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > Allen-23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley-29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert-29 , Justus Bartett-27 , < PROPMALE > Santos-21 , < PROPMALE > Stanley-21 , < PROPFIRST > Reed-26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson-21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher-24 , < PROPFIRST > King-23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke-23 , ... and < PROPMALE > Tate-27 ... all gave ... their lives for you this week in military service . Honor THEM by reposting this 
An absolutely , positively relaxing day at the beach . Ahhhh . 
Back in AZ . After 4 months nothing seems familiar and I can't seem to get a handle on driving in the city again . I am sure it will all come back to me ... 
OK . Gonna pack a lunch for my 25 mile RT to vote ... 
Bought a new shoulder holster today and am pretty happy about it . 
Into week number 2 in the mountains . A little cold but it is so relaxing . Just what I needed after the crazy summer and fall I had . 
Ok . You know you're in a dive bar when you ask the bartender where the restroom is and she replies \ Pick a corner . \ " . Got to love these mountain towns . " 
Is it really 85 degrees on December 13 ? Really now . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
