is like uh nigga yo ass fuckin crazy . U a wht ? i kno he didn't jus say playa ! Nigga really ? so i got one question , if u a playa why the fuck u chasin up afta this pussy ? ugh u is a fuckin clown Bitch u make me laugh ooh can't stop laughin u jus too funny . Haha < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > fuckin goofy . sum1 plse call 911 tell them i jus shot that fool and the bullets in his head . Ha Ha < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 

can't wait to move down to champaign wit my big sis . Bye bye < PROPFIRST > town . 
i think i wanna b a rapper or mayb i'm jus sayin that cus i'm listenin to insttrumentals 
ugh . omg . wtf . smfh . cus i am horny as hell and i need me a nigga or a bitch whicheva cum 1st . but see i aint tryna b on that bein that i just moved down to chamoaign . but damn ya girl got needs . ( sigh ) 
excited to start my new job 2ma . 
i put my shoes on like u , my shirt on like u , my jeans on like u but i aint nuthin like u . u can't b fly like , u can't b fly like me cus u jus aint J.E. nnie ... B.O.B 
my whole freakin body hurts i jus got off of wrk and took a nice long as bath but i'm still sore satnding up for 8 hrs straight actually doin somethin aint no joke . i don't wanna wrk nights again cus u gotta clean every thing when u closing . damn too bad thats my schedule tho . fb fam plse pray 4 me . thnk y'LL . 
i only give u a hard tme cus i cant go on n pretend like i havent tried 2 4get this but im much 2 full of resentment jus cant seem 2 get over the way u hurt me dont kno how u gave another who didnt mean a thng the very thng u gave to me ... & its all cus u lied . 
yayee !!! my son will b 2 on the 21st . i gotta get him sum stuff and this year he havin his b-day party at chucke cheese n peoria so hopefully he has fun . 
im mad at Vernisha Lovin-Mi Son-Johnson cus she act like she cant answer my damn phone calls . thats aight tho . 
wishing my baby jaelen < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > a happy birthday . i cant believe he's 2 yrs . old already it seems jus like yesterday when i had him , he's growing up and i love him so much :) 
i kno way 2 many ppl here rite now that i didnt kno last yr . who da fuk r ya'll i swear it feels like 4 the last few nites we been every where & bak but i jus cant remember it all wht am i doin wht am i doin oh yeah thats rite im doin me im doin me i'm livin life rite now mane and this wht imma do till its ova till its ova but its far 4rm ova . 
white dude really fealin me well hey if he'll pay my rent then yea i'm fealin him 2 . 
ugh ... that whole massive attack shit sound like shit it aint hittin on too much of shit and all these so call < PROPFEMALE > bitches love it cus they on < PROPFEMALE > clit and sum niggas luv it cus they wanna b on < PROPFEMALE > clit i mean its garbage and that female weird as hell . but plse dont thnk im hatin cus i like < PROPFEMALE > but jus not that . 
dude u gettin on my fuckin nerves , UGH !!!!!!!! leave me the fuk alone and so wht i didnt text u bak get over it . like really wht the fuk u mad 4 yo ass should b happy that i'm even givin u sum of my tme . i mean damn u all up on me let me breathe . u actin like we fuked or sumthin knowin damn well we didnt so wht is it that got u like that ? plse stop botherin me . thnk u . 
hello everbody . 
i am truly pissed off and feelin like i don't need this shit and if i am gone deal wit it might as well be within my own race so 4 now own all i'm doin is black never ever again will u see me wit a white dude again fuk em . 
i need a blunt , a bottle , and sum good as head . and since i'm mad i really dont want it 4rm a dude cus they aint shit . so imma need a bad bitch thats raw as hell wit they head game . 
is wishing my nephrew jaesen a happy birthday . 
I am really feelin myself damn i'm sexy as hell . Hahahaha i love me . 
Illegal money is better than no money , especialy if u spendin it on me . 
It's only one man that i want to be with in this life and thats < PROPFIRST > Belton . i want me , him , and my ( our ) son to be one big happy family i wanna be his better half . but if that isn't gonna happen i don't wanna be with another man as long as i live . so hopefully i become his woman if not say hello to full blown lesbian < PROPFEMALE > . 
so wht do i do now ? 
at least i know the real truth so imma let you think wht u wanna and say wht u wanna cus in the end we gone see how its gone be . 
if he didn't wanna have anything to do with me then he wouldn't fuck wit me and as far as i'm concerned imma grown ass woman so imma do wht the fuck wanna do so plse i'm askin as nice as possible don't treat me or talk to me like imma fuckin child . i am my own person who makes my own decisions so when i decide to do somethng imma do it no matter who doesnt approve . 
so i really don't know wht to think . damn ! why do i always want what i can't have ? i gotta stop doin this :( 
i wanna be wifed up ..... 
Can`t wait till i see him again . 
I`m finally goin to sleep fb good night . 
Yayyeee !!!!! My sister had a beautiful baby boy . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
So I jus got a new adapter for my laptop and my sons goes and knocks it off the bed and now the whole damn screen broke . Ugh i am truely irritated . 
I never thought that the one i gave my heart to would give their heart to someone else , that jus goes to show how life is truely a bitch < :'( > 
Twilight aint got nothin on True Blood , cus true blood go hard as hell . 
thats how u know my life is borin i'm havin so much fun tlkin to Kiyrah Minaj on fb chat at 12:57 n the mornin . damn shame . 
Imma get 2 , 00 fiends b4 < PROPFEMALE > so i'm steain ya'll friends < PROPFIRST > Belton , Kiyrah Minaj , Vernisha Fukk Lovee-Johnson 
