Finally made a decision on law school ! < PROPMALE > here we come .... The scholarship was just too good to pass up . We will be moving in 4 weeks . 

An invitation- If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I ( keep clean please or if it is too explicit write it in my in box ! ) . When finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surpri 
Our stuff is already on it's way to FL . We fly out of Vegas 2moro at 4:00 . 
Had to get stitches yesterday , and I am soooooo sick of unpacking . 
is heading to the Tampa Bay Rays game ! 3rd Row right behind the Rays dugout . Can't beat that ! 
The only hope for the MWC is TCU now . 
correction www.theforestlab.com 
GO ANGELS ! 
I have two spots left in my fantasy basketball league . We are drafting this Sunday . Anybody wanna join ? 
C'mon ANGELS ! It's only 3 in a row against the Yankees . 
Angels , only 2 more games to go . 
Just got back from the Magic game . 
Finals are officially over ! One semester down , five to go . It feels good to finally get a break . 
Just got back from seeing Turley play down at Slingapour's . What a great show ! Hope all goes well on his Tour . He is playing in Miami Beach on Friday night with < PROPFIRST > Foxx . 
It's official . I am finally starting my appellate brief . 0 pages down ; 25 pages to go . 
LAKERS 
My last final for the year is tomorrow morning at 9:00 am . At noon I will be 1/3 of the way done with law school ...... I have a long way to go . GL to all my fellow 1L's . 
Finally booked our flights to Europe ! 05/29 - 06/29 ( Hoping to visit Madrid , Barcelona , < PROPFIRST > , Rome , & London ) . 
Relaxing in Escorial/Madrid tonight . Barcelona and < PROPFEMALE > were GREAT ! Now off to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . 
Thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes . 
How come my professor does not realize that express authority & actual authority are the same thing ? 
Going to the Magic v . Jazz game tonight ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Spoliansky for the tickets ! 
