is trying to organize a posse for some etheopian food and a boogydown ant the horsemeat to follow . Any interest ? 

Is heading to Berlin for pride in the last weekend of June . Anyone interested in joining ? 
gets to spend a 4 day weekend taking quantitative methods and information management classes . Then a very short week and work and off to Berlin for recovery . 
Survived his MBA weekend , but hasn't had a day off in wayyy to long . Thank god for Berlin on Thursday . 
Survived an INSANE workload over the last 10 days and has arrived in Berlin to relax and enjoy :D 
is back to the grind . 
Had a great time in London over pride , met some cool people , now I really gotta get back to this fucking reading ! :( 
Is craving etheopian tonight , anyone interested ? 
Is looking for someone to meet him in Sitges for the weekend of August 21-24thish . 
Is pondering hitting up this Evolution Revolution party this weekend . Anyone else going ? 
found flyers for a rollerdisco tomororw night . Anyone wanna go out for a < PROPFEMALE > gay night of skating , drinking and dancing ? 
just booked plane tickets to New York for my 30th Birthday . Be there from the 8th until the 13th . Anywhere have somewhere for me to crash ? Any london mates want to join . Air < PROPFEMALE > has airfare for £224 at the moment . 
off to Greece for 10 days :) 
weather looks to be shit in london for the holiday weekend . Maybe I'll go to < PROPFIRST > . 
Is trying to figure out the name of the song with the music video that has the little dancing indian in it . 
Anyone want to join me to popstarz and/or onyx tonight ? Have a small group for popstarz around 11 , would love to find a few more . 
is back in london and needs to hunker down and read a bunch of shit for his MBA . 
Is spending the weekend burried in books and reports :( Maybe some dancing tomorrow afternoon . 
is entertaining his father and stepmom for the weekend . Let me know if anyone's interested in dinner or drinks . 
Is trying to kick this bloody cold 
Will be in NYC in 9 days :) 
Will be in New York on Thursday :) 
Is in New York . Who's up for Yaki Niku tonight ? 
had a good night last night and has almost recovered from the 5 giant bottles of Saki . 
Needs a hot date for the Huslta ball tonight . 
One more night in New York 
Thanks to everyone for your well wishes at to those in NYC who showed me a great time this weekend . Now a red-eye back to london and a school weekend :( 
Spent last night on a fully booked plane 3/4ths populated by young hasidic jewish families who had no idea how to control their 3 children . Suffice to say , I nearly overdosed on Xanex and wine and the plane looked like a warzone when I woke up in London . 
Finished his exam review sessions and now has 3 weeks to figure out how to sit an exam on 6 subjects . Worst is , I still don't get the whole bond thing ... If I can master bonds , I can master the world :D 
Headed out and about for the night with Giannis . Need a little party time after so much study . Shoot me a text if you're out and about in London . 
Lucky Me ! I get to spend next week in Kansas . May end up in New York for a few days before turkey day and I'll be in Colorado for thanksgiving weekend . 
Thinks he did very well on his exams but has to wait 9 bloody weeks for the results . 
Weekend in Kansas City Wooo hooo 
Off to Colorado tomorrow 
Will be out and about in London this weekend . 
Danced his ass off for hours on end at Beyond last night :D Needed that ... 
lease is up February 6th . Anyone looking for a flatmate in London to live somewhere central ? Otherwise I suppose I can get a one bedroom , but wouldn't hurt to find some good flatmates and have people around . 
Is tired of waiting for friends to get back to him and has purcahsed a plane ticket to Berlin from Feb 4th until Feb 9th . Anyone else who cares to join is welcome to buy plane tickets . They're still only like £55 on easyjet . I have plenty of affordable housing options . 
has MBA classes this weekend . 
Will be moving in Feb or March and would really like to find a few good flatmates to move in with . Anyone interested ? 
Is off to the states for Christmas , New Years and Business . Will be in NYC from December 26th till < PROPFIRST > 16th . 
Is finalizing New Years Party Plans . Let me know if your interested in comming and I'll get you the final details when they're ready . Think the plan is Yaki Niku , House Party and them maybe Pacha real late for those who want to keep going . 
Is finalizing New Years Party Plans . Let me know if your interested in comming and I'll get you the final details when they're ready . Think the plan is Yaki Niku , House Party and them maybe Pacha real late for those who want to keep going . 
Party plans are final . Message me if you're interested in details :) 
very good . Glad it was just paint :) Nice meeting you . 
Is romping around New York ( in a taxi ) on a fridged Sunday night hitting up friends , collecting a possee and searching for a great party . Anyone care to join , call me 646-554-5051 . 
Starts work again tomorrow . Wish I hadn't spent all weekend feeling sick and/or drained :( Oh well . 
is trying to strike a delecate balance between party and homework this weekend :( 
is going to check out this 747 party tonight with Pevner . Anyone else wanna come ? 
somehow managed to loose his coat at Greenhouse last night . Guess there's a trip for century 21 in my near future :( 
one more night in NYC . Prolly going to just take it easy . Back to the UK on thursday for 4 days of class ... 
not only did some ass steal my jacket from Greenhouse last Sunday , they found a Credit Card in my pocket and managed to buy around $500 in porn for 3 or 4 different shops . FUCKERS !! Atleast I got my money back ... 
Rescheduled his trip to Berlin from March 5th - 9th . Again , if anyone wants to come , feel free . I can arrange cheap places to sleep . 
Didn't get quite enough sleep last night but is up for another night out after a small disconap . Anyone have grand plans ? 
' s Disco Nap went on for 13 hours , now he's very rested but unhappy about the lack of going out last night . Guess I'll have to wait to see my mates . Anyone up to anything today ? 
headed to brunch with the flatmate and then fire I think ... Would love more company . text me . 
Back to the grind 
is combating a wicked chest infection . A normal weekend out in London seems impossable !!!! I'm off to go cook myself in the sauna at the gym for an hour and see if I can't loosne some of the shit in my lungs . 
Will be in New York next week . 
Is headed to Berlin on Thursday till Tuesday 
Lost his wallet with 400 euros in it in Berlin . I wonder how good this travel insurance really is :D 
spent all day writing a paper about luxury watch branding :( 
Is almost finished with all these bloody papers 
Missed the black party and revised for MBA exams instead :( 
had a nice few days off ... back to work and school and the grind tomorrow . 
10 days till exams and way behind on studies . Guess it's time to kiss my life goodbye :( 
Has to be in Shanghai from June 20th till the 27th . Anyone want to go romp about < PROPFEMALE > with me the week before or after ? Was thinking Bangkok but I'm open . Need to make plans soon so get back to me if you're interested . 
4 days till my exams . I can't wait to get this over with !!! 
off to begin the pre-exam chi-harnessing ceremony ... MMMM steak and fine wine :) 
one down one to go 
who can say Eyjafjallajokull 5 times ? I think it might be easier backwards ;) 
Exams ... sorted . and I've never seen the english sky so blue :D 
somehow got suckered into partaking in a cricket macth with a bunch of mba students in canary wharf after 4 pints .... * scratches head * 
Somehow managed to win 65 quid for hitting this wicket thing with the ball a bunch :) 
Back to reality 
is happy he has time to go to the gym again :) 
just finished a serious boogydown session :D 
is planning to party like a rockstar till morning . Anyone want to join ? 
anyone interested in doing dinner tonight ? 
missed his mother yesterday :( 
spent the last 10 minutes listening to 3 drunks trying to say motherfucker backwards ... clearly a challenging task . 
has way too many balls in the air at the moment 
Has a trip planned to Thailand in 3 weeks and bangkok seems on the verge of Civil war . Maybe I'll go < PROPFEMALE > out on the beach , drink coconut juice , study some Muai Thai and ... ??? I hope they sort themselves out . 
is happy that Thailand has returned to a peaceful state and can't wait to spend 10 days relaxing with her lovely people . 
kKkKkkkmm 
np 
pppP 
Ppp 
3 more days until I get out of here :) 
arrived in bangkok , went out and had around 10 people walk up to me and say \hi ben . \ " . I haven't been here for a year . The Thai people never cease to amaze me . " 
had a splended weekend in bangkok and is off to koh samui/phangan for a week of sun and sea ( and ocassional rain ) 
back to the real world tonight :( 
has arrived in Shanghai . staying in the dull new business district though :) . I'll have to escape the suits for a bit and explore this city's soul . 
is prooud of the fact that he may have been the only one out of 120 who was able to understand the chinese economist with a mega-thick accent well enough to read between the lines and figure out what she meant to say but couldn't . 
can't beleve he found a sex toy market on the 4th floor of a 4 story market dedicated to selling strange herbs and eastern medicine products in shanghai . I'm told its \adult health . \"" 
is at the world expo with a < PROPMALE > , a brit from baharain , and a brit from < PROPFEMALE > . So far we've managed to gain vip enterence to many of our native pavillions avoiding 6 hour queues . kind of fun and a good celebration of diversity . 
12 hours at the world expo , met people from all over the world , saw the presentations of places I'll never see , and ended my day by adding a thread to a pursian carpet and having my picture taken arm in arm with an iranian diplomat ... how fascinating :) 
on a plane en route to london ... wish I could find my atm card . 
Just moved to soho but is busy moving . My windows overlook the parade route . Anyone intrested in working with me to arrange a little sorre over pride ? 
has decided to attempt a party in his new flat after the pride craziness on the streets of soho . Hit me up for an FB invite if you don't already have one . 
sweet ... See you there :) 
had a great party . glad the new flat was well broken in :) 
power cut at the office . beer at the pub next store ( they even still have juice to keep the beer cold ) 
has way too much school work to complete this month :( 
its hot and < PROPFEMALE > . anyone care to join me for a day in the park ? 
headed to heaven 
Another week at work . Wish I could find some time to travel in europe between all these trips to < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Almost done with 1/2 < PROPMALE > courseworks due this month :D 
would really like to get a group of people together for a week on the beach somewhere this summer . Anyone have genuine interest and enough money to pay for it ? I was thinking Sitges or Mykonos , but could go elsewhere as well . 
is pondering a night out tonight . Maybe porn idol , anyone interested ? 
Lost his Mojo last night and ended up jsut passing out . Trying again tonight , probably Vaxuhall bound . Any joiners ? 
had a ball at onyx last night ... 
is off to Vietnam tomorrow . Anyone have any advice for fun things to do in or around Ho < PROPFIRST > Mihn city ( Siagon) ? 
Off to Vietnam today , the holiday planning party was a blowout ( no one showed up ) , but there's this xlsior party in Mykonos towards the end of august that seems quite interested . Anyone ready enought o go to buy plane tickets ? We can sort out accomidations once we figure uot whos going ... http://www.xlsiorfestival.com 
is entertained both by the vast number of little mopeds that swarm the streets of Siagon and by how obscenly slow everyone drives as to not mow each other over . 
finds it quite strange how the vietnamese seem totally incapable of growing any body hair ANYWHERE except for a few < PROPFEMALE > wiskers , yet take such great pride in their underdeveloped < PROPFEMALE > -wisker-beard-things . Some of em have like literally 20 hairs that are 1.5 inches long . Guess one always wants what they can't have ... 
is having a splended time in Vietnam . Some of the most standup people I've ever met . I even had 12 year old theif give me back $20 when I looked her in the eye and told her I had treated her with respect and she should do the same . 
finally made it to honkers ... not sure how long I'll be here . really wish the job could be a bit more decisive . 
stuck in honkers 
found purpose for himself in < PROPFIRST > kong and now they seem to want him to head back to london * confused * 
Fricking ATM just ate my card and even when confronted with a team of cantonese speakers , they won't give it back . Thankfully , I'm in < PROPFIRST > Kong and I recently signed up with an HSBC that allows me to walk into any branch world wide and withdrawl cash ... GRRR !!!! 
first time I've seen it rain in < PROPFIRST > kong . it REALLY FUCKING RAINS !!! 
I hate shopping :( 
found£ 
found some woman named boo at a shop called crazy who dragged me around some asian mall bouncing up and down and throwing cute clothes on me . 4000 HKD lighter and weighed down with shopping bags , I don't think I'll have to shop for another year ... YAY BOO !!! 
back in london 
really needs to figure out some summer holiday fun in europe after spending most of the summer in < PROPFEMALE > . Other that the Bank Holiday Ibiza crew , anyone have plans or ideas I can join ? 
Is pondering a trip back to New York soon . Does anyone have a spare room in fire island to rent me or let me crash in for a week or so sometime this month ? 
got bored at work so he took Thursday and Friday off . Anyone have some spare time during the day and something to do ? 
anyone going to caligula tonight 
hoping he finds something to fill this week . Atleast my MBA Consultancy paper demands some attention . 
pondering a trip to manchester this weekend 
Is giving the world 24 hours to come up with a fun bank holiday adventure he can join in on , or will likely head back to the states for a few weeks in lieu of anything else . 
just woke up from 2 days in bed with a fever and is now going to investigate the new ritzy looking asian massage/medicine place near by called soho remedies :) 
is all better . god bless the balding chinese massage dude :) 
Trying to figure out what to do for the long weekend . 
Is giving the facebook nation about 6 hours to convince him that there's something fun to do in London , otherwise , Malaga at 6am tomorrow :) Would rather stay for a compelling argument . 
Has given up on London for the weekend and is now desperate for someone with about 600 quid to spend on a weekend of sun and sea . Probably going to book tonight and go tomorrow so get back to me ASAP if you have any interest . 
just booked a one way ticket to malaga leaving tomorrow ... Hope I can find one home on Monday ;) 
on the beach 
is tired , and misses the sun . Atleast my long layover is in amsterdam . 
had a blast in spain but is still catching up on sleep . 
Has just booked tickets to be in NYC from Septemebr 22nd till October 3rd . Anyone have a spare bed during said period of time ??? :D 
the chipoltle on TCR just gave me a free burrito because I come so much . not sure if I should be happy or eat less chipotle ;) 
brunch anyone ? 
is having some people over for predrinks and x-factor tonight . let me know if you're interested . 
Ok , small party at mine tonight at 7 . Hit me up for details . 
ok small party at mine tonight at 7:30 . hit me up for details . 
is happy to be reunited with his cleaner 
Thinks he's out for a night on the town tonight . Maybe Popstarz than probably Onyx . Anyone else have similar plans ? 
n`m 
blue skies and 30 in colorado :) 
will be in NYC from wednesday and is still investigating housing options ... anyone have a spare bed for the next few weeks ? 
is back to civilisation after a weekend of camping 
is trying to figure out if Fire Island is still good enough for frollicing on the beach in Speedos . Any reports ? 
NYC tomorrow 
Is trying to decide if he's going to six flags tonight . Anyone else going ? Anyone staying in the city and have better plans ? 
Is looking for a place to crash in NYC from Wednesday - Sunday . Any ideas ? 
anyone have spare < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > guest passes ? 
Is back in London but has determined that the Heathrow express is the most worthless rail link known to man . 
Anyone interested in a trip to Berlin for Hustlaball 
Just realized his birthday is tomorrow and feels the need to arrange some sort of something . Any ideas ? 
Will be doing Birthday drinks for himself somewhere in Soho tomorrow evening ? Any ideas ? Any attendess , or will my lack of planning leave me drinking by myself ? 
Invites any and all to the New Ku Bar ( frith street ) for drinks from 7:00 until around 11ish . We should be upstairs ... 
had fun last night 
IS in school all weekend ... 
is having a long week ... 
It's almost the weekend :D 
Has finally finished paying off the Credit Card from his move to Soho :D 
is preparing for the party 
Had a great night last night . 
Hasn't been to europe in months . Anyone up for a europian adventure sometime soon . Maybe Berlin or Budapest or somewhere eastish ? 
Is kinda thirsty and wouldn't mind a drinking mate for this rainy evening . Call me if youre aruond soho and thirsty in the next few hours . 
Needs a Halloween costume . Anyone want to dress me up ? I hate shopping !!!! 
Really needs a Haloween costume ... Help !!!! I despise shoping , someone must enjoy such things .... 
is trying to decide if he should sacrafice 2 of his 7 remaining precious holiday days for a 4 day trip to Gran Canaria in Mid november .... Any advice ? 
Managed to party < PROPMALE > Spaid into the ground this weekend . I didn't think that would be possable . Even better , I don't even feel like crap today :) 
Is off to see La Soiree with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > O'Conner tonight :) 
Off to < PROPFIRST > for the weekend . 
finds it mind boggling that parisians bitch about their so much yet insist its the best place on earth . 
finally had a successful kickoff meeting for his MBA thesis which is now under way ... Who thought I'd have to go to < PROPFIRST > to meet with a vietnamese company . 
Is thinking he may have a nite in with some wine and some company and a movie or two tonight . Anyone interested in joining ? 
Ended up dancing his ass off at horsemeet disco after a few drinks , a bottle of champers and a bottle of wine with good friends . Little tired today , but I think I danced enough alcohol off to avoid a hangover and generally and an excelent night :D 
is headed to switzerland for the weekend on a nearly workless work trip . 
In Zurich till monday 
has spent the last hour waiting on a swiss airways flight and is now changing planes because they can't seem to figure out how to put air in a tire ... not impressed . 
Is trying to get a group together for thanksgiving dinner ( perhaps ethepoian food ) . Anyone interested in Joining at around 7 tonight ? 
Woke up this morning with a splitting headache and 6 empty bottles of wine on the table ... I think there were only 3 or 4 of us . 
Is pondering Berlin for the new year ... Any interest ? 
Is serious about Berlin for New Years . Will book in the next day or two and will be aranging cheap rooms in a holiday flat . If you want to come , let me know . 
Has tomorrow off :) 
Is trying to get back into the habbit of actually goign to the gym frequently this week . 
I'm at Work :( 
headed to budapest on Friday for the weekend :) 
Finds it somewhat amusing that the crown < PROPMALE > decided to drive through the middle of riots on regent street and that anyone is suprised there was strife . 
Is off to budapest soon to meet the Lovely < PROPMALE > Sant and party with the wild Akos Milla . It's bound to be a great weekend :) 
has just discovered that the flat below him is coming up to let . Same layout as mine ... Anyone want to be my neighbour ? 
has found a posh club in budapest with 7 quid bottles of hungarian champers .... devine :) 
budapest is an amazing city with awesome sights and friendly people . bit lost for what to do on a sunday night tho ... 
Has too many holidays left this year and can't quite figure out what to do with them . Also has no plans over X-mass but will be in London . Anyone else around ? 
Anyone planning to go to Popcorn this comming Monday or to Room Service or Gravity this comming thursday ? 
Is now booked for Berlin over New years with from the 30th till the 5th with < PROPMALE > Moore . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and Hamish Priest are also considering . Party time !!!! 
Anyone want to go to < PROPFEMALE > of Shiba ( Etheopian ) tomorrow for dinner so I can continue my quest for foursquared mayorship and eat tasty tasty food ? 
is amazed how much the second instance of a little snow this month has managed to once again totally fuck london . 
anyone got any good party ideas tonight ? 
Went out for dinner and a drink on sat night with a mate and ended up out for 24 hours partying with a bunch of total strangers . Great weekend but glad I had Monday off :) 
HATES SHOPPING and needs a reasonably cute and very warm jacket for New Years in Berlin . Any idea where and when to go and find such a thing for a good price ? 
Anyone in Central London not with family over Xmas and want to join my mate and I for a meal and a few bottles of wine somewhere ? 
Is happy that < PROPMALE > Sant made it to London < PROPFEMALE > n though there was quite a bit of snow involved and is headed out for a few christmas < PROPFEMALE > cocktails :D Looking forward to a nice weekend . 
To my europian friends : < PROPFEMALE > Christmass , hope you had a nice day and you're now happy and drunk with good friends and family . \ 
To my American Fiends : I hope < PROPFEMALE > is doing you right :) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and enjoy the day :) 
Anyone headed to fire to dance off the christmas calories tonight ? Anyone leaving from around soho ? < PROPMALE > Sant and I are most likely firebound , but the more the merrier as they say , and it is Christmas ;) 
had a great xmass . anyone going to heaven tonight ? 
Had a very nice Christmas and has sworn off any more drink until he get's to Berlin for New Years . I'm feeling a relatively sober January in the making . :) 
Off to Berlin tomorrow for a week of friends , fun and decidance :) 
has now spent 1:45 hours on the stansted \express\ " which was supposed to take 45 mins . It reminds me how much I despise ryanair and stanstead . Hope I'm on time for my plane ... " 
obscenely delayed train , missed flight , new ticket to hanover , 300 km on the autobahn and 10 hours later I can proudly say I made it to < PROPFEMALE>'s house of shame !!! what an ironic achievement . 
lol . bottle rockets flying out of windows , the boom of an M80 every 5 seconds . New Years in berlin has the essence of the cities wartime past ... 
spent new years at an FKK party ( nudist ) in a flat on a high floor with windows over Berlin . never seen such an obscene fireworks show . I think every house in berlin lit off something and for a half hour the sky in berlin was all light in every direction !!! Wishing a good 2011 to all my family and friends old a new ;) 
has spent pretty much all of the last 3 days either sleeping or in @berghain 
has either been sleeping or in the berghain ( in berlin ) since 4am of New Years day . Great weekend with good friends old and brand new :) 
doesn't think he's seen daylight since New Years ( other than on a train ride home ) . I love how in Berlin the short winter days can just vanish into the long night ... Back to reality on Thursday , gotta figure out how to shift my sleep cycles by about 12 hours . :) 
Is back in London after a crazy and fun weekend in Berlin . As always i am impressed by the warmth , open-mindedness and character of Berliners . Back in London now and left my phone in Berlin . Thankfully , < PROPFIRST > Pevner is there now and headed to London on Saturday and has agreed to bring it to me . Best way to contact for now is email or FB or just ring my doorbell . 
Taking it easy this weekend and working on developing ye grand ol ' New Years Resolution 
had a very strange night last night . 
Back to the grind ... Really need to make some progress on MBA thesis this week ... 
Feels overdue for Etheopian . Anyone want to join me on Thursday night for an Etheopian feast ( I know it's strange but it's devine ) 
May end up in Kansas City next week 
its really raining ... taxi to the airport I suppose . Back in london on the 25th . 
london airports suck ... they couldn't board me on the first flight because the meal truck got stuck in traffic and now I have a 4 hour layover in newark !!! :( 
snowing like mad in kansas ... 
is sitting in a sheraton in Kansas City remenising over the last god knows how many years working with these crazy people . The next year should certainly be interesting . 
just booked his trip to < PROPFEMALE > for MBA maddness . Will be in Thialand and Sigaon from the 22nd of Feb till the 13th of March . 
just found 100 quid in the back pocket of his jeans !!! love it when that happens .. 
Wishes he was making more progress on this bloody MBA disseration , but is happy to be heading to Zurich this weekend to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > Sant 
Off to Zurich :D 
had a nice day by the lake in zurich . 
the tube is REALLY fucked this evening . Bank station is more rammed than heaven would be if < PROPFEMALE > showed up * cringe * 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > for 3 weeks on Monday . 
on the way to heathrow . Week in the thai sun , here I come . Then off to write a really long paper in Vietnam . 
In bangkok till friday with < PROPMALE > Nunes . Then off to the beach until wednesday when I head to Vietnam . Any good beach or bangkok advice from any of you all ? 
any advice for a good hotel in Patong beach , Phuket , Thailand ??? Headed there tomororw , never been before and not quite sure where to stay . 
only in vietnam is there an ashtray in every hotel room with a plastic no smoking sign in it ... These people have a funny way with rules . 
vietnam number till march 13 is +841212646260 
thinks is great that 1 USD pays for a ride on the back of a motorbike between any 2 points in central Saigon . 
has been in south east < PROPFEMALE > long enough that 24 degrees C feels a bit chilly wearing jeans and a tee shirt . Comming back to london will be depressing in this sense ! 
spent his night outside his hotel with the two doormen drinking beer . The vietnamese love drinking games . 2 hours later = two hammered doormen and one slightly buzzed < PROPMALE > . These guys have got to get better at rock , paper scissors ... :D . Even better . I was buying the beer and 2 hammered doormen and one happy < PROPMALE > + 3 hours of fun cost a grand total of 10 dollars and resulted in a very happy can collector lady :D 
sex ? 
when out having a last meal and drinks with my host company in vietnam I went to pee . As I washed my hands some guy offered me a co-star role in some vietnamese movie and confirmed I could play the saxiphone . Too bad I have a job and an MBA to finish ... kind of sounds like fun :D . odd place ... 
had a great night in Hanoi with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and his new friends . Back to London . I'll miss Vietnam . 
back to the grind ... 
is buried up to his nose in articles about complex processes , dynamic capabilitys , resource theory and causal ambiguity !!!! Save me ! 
got a decent bonus today and used it to pay off his Amex . Now he has £50 quid left over . Atleast that's not lingering around anymore :) 
50 hippies with a < PROPFEMALE > system on the back of a bicycle trailer have taken over the corner of Old Compton Street and Greek Street . They're dancing around , drinking beer and having a jolly good time while protesting something they don't quite seem able to explain . The pedestrians seem to be enjoying , the taxi drivers seem rather pissed off and the cops seem more concerned with other things . Gotta love London . 
