Happy New Year everyone ! 

Sky Blue 
is sleepy . 
Veging out . < PROPMALE > is sleeping next to the cat and the cat is grooming his ear . Sometimes they actually like each other . :P 
Just made dinner . Homemade black bean soup with crumbled bacon , topped with sour cream , flavored with cumin , celery , carrots , onions , and chilies . Warm and yummy . 
Happy Easter everyone ! Hope you all have a lovely one . 
It's official ! I am heading back to school in the fall . I met with my advisor this afternoon , my deposits are all in , and I'm beginning to register for classes . :D SOOOO excited ! A little scared , too . But mostly excited . 
Sent you a farmville invite to wrangle a mustang ... check your e-mail . :) 
Scrubbing cat yak off the living-room rug has totally been the highlight of my day . :/ 
If anyone got weird emails or anything from me yesterday don't open them . I think this computer got a virus and am still determining the extent of the damage and how it got here . I started up , walked away from the screen to grab some dinner while firefox booted up ( before I had the < PROPMALE > to touch anything ) and when I got back everything had gone kerflooey . I wasn't even here to click anything ; no idea what happened . 
Having a rough day so I went to the mall . Hopefully this doesn't result in ill-advised \I'm unhappy\ " purchases . " 
I'm sitting here eating cheese and crackers and writing music . I haven't composed a piece in almost 6 years now but was wandering around the house singing \Lo How a < PROPFEMALE > E'er Blooming\ " this morning and was broadsided by the urge to arrange some type of brass chorale around it . So I downloaded a demo of Finale and am doing so . :) " 
Saw ' Inception ' today . That's a heck of a movie . :) Very trippy . 
Computing on my new HP with a core i7 . OMG , is LOVE . ROCKET POWER !!!!!! 
Pretty much all moved in to my new on-campus apartment . Had some super-awesome help ( thanks again , guys ! ) and got so much done today . :) Now I just have to finish the minor stuff and pick up the few things I forgot . 
Sleepy . What a week it's been ! 
Well , I got one of my books today . I need to become a professor and write textbooks . $115 dollars for one stinking book ??? Unreal . And they were all sold out of used copies . Plus it turns out I need to go off campus to a different bookstore to get all the rest of my stuff . Gotta make things complicated . :P Oh well . 
Wandered all over campus today timing out how long it took me to get from building to building . Everything looks do-able , even the three back-to-back classes I have that are a good distance apart . I can make it if I hustle . :) 
Must go find a mailbox somewhere on this campus ... 
Had a blue day today . Hopefully tomorrow will be better . At least < PROPMALE > was perky ! 
Rain rain , go away ... or stay so I can write poetry about you for class . 
Ugh . Sick . :( 
I has a clean bathroom ! Clorox toilet wands rule . And Lysol too . I like Lysol . 
Went to an AWESOME reading by < PROPMALE > Schneiderman tonight downtown at Hallwalls . It was so much fun . He's quite a performer ! Looking forward to reading his book ! 
Tired . Test in poetry tomorrow that I'm worrying about . He's going to give us a few lines from a poem and we have to be able to give title and author . There are about 30 poems that we've gone over so far . I'm working on them , so we'll see how things go . My memory is not so great and I'm concerned I won't be able to know them well enough . 
Just got back from poetry test . Know I missed at least two and there were only 25 questions . Don't know what else I could have done to study for this thing ; I sat down and RECORDED myself reading every one of nearly 30 poems and looped it onto my iPod and listened for hours , wrote poem titles and authors endlessly in every permutation to cement them into my brain , and still couldn't remember them when I needed to . 
Just saw a Sherwin < PROPMALE > commercial where the entire thing was made out of animated paint chips . It made me squee . I likes paint chips . They is colorful . 
Got an A on my poetry test : 96% I missed 2 but the curve was nuts . You could literally have gotten a 40% and still passed . One poor soul apparently got a 0 . \ 
\ 
BUT , I had my computer science midterm this morning and I blew it . I had a fever of 103 last night , am on 4 different cold meds , really out of it , and still sat the test . I took every last second but didn't finish . Professor said she'd grade it and we'd talk . :( 
I hate people who put their laundry in both of the two machines that we have for the entire apartment building and then don't come back for over two hours after it's done . I'm never going to get laundry done tonight . 
I think this stupid cold or flu or whatever is starting to break up a little . I don't feel like I'm going to rupture a lung anymore , anyhow . 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority & so much more , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better & you respect them for who they are , copy & paste this , most of you won't , but let's see the 5% of you who will . 
Got home from work , ate dinner , and now must finish writing paper , and reading things . Lots and lots and lots of things . 
Cheeseburger Doritos = not so good . :/ 
Midterms suck . 
These 12 and 14 hour days are killing me . Having both morning/day and night classes is brutal . One or the other would be ok , but not both . I wish that all the classes I want were offered during the day . 
Woohoo ! 2nd Computer science exam was much easier than I thought it would be . ( hopefully ? as long as I didn't get tricked by anything , lol ) I think I did pretty well on it . 
Papers , papers everywhere ! Aahhhhhgh ! Thank goodness thanksgiving break is next week . 
I got a nook color !!!!!!!!!! Dad and Mom got it for me for an early christmas gift ! Soooooo happy ! 
Making cheesy smashed potatoes ! Turkey will be done in half an hour and then yummy Thanksgiving dinner ! 
Pissed off at farmville right now . All 5 of the foals I was supposed to have successfully gotten from the feed tonight never made it to my gift box , and my 80k pink holiday tree is missing from my farm . So much for a nice break from finals . Now I'm just ticked . 
Yay insomnia ! 
Making turkey chili for dinner then must go finish christmas shopping . Not looking forward to hitting the mall tonight , that's for certain ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! Hope you all have a wonderful day wherever you may be . Safe travels to those that are , and best wishes for a lovely Christmas day . 
Classes start again tomorrow ! :) Here's hoping for a good semester . 
OK , thought this was fun , so I'm playing now before I go to sleep so I can get up for Spanish class :\ 
YOU AND I WAKE UP IN JAIL TOGETHER ... Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along .. 4 words is hard to come up with ! 
First day's classes went well . Bio sounds like it will be easy , and Spanish sounds challenging but interesting . The professor spoke all in Spanish right from the start , and I managed to get most of it , so I'm hoping it won't be bad . \ 
Poor < PROPMALE>'s tummy is bothering him tonight . I'm hoping we both manage to get some sleep . Poor boy . \ 
Here's to a good night and an even better tomorrow . Hope you all had a lovely day . 
Robot Chicken is awesome . :) Now I can go to bed . 
Made the < PROPFIRST>'s list for fall semester ! Just got the e-mail a minute ago . :) \ 
In other news , holy bejeepers is it ever cold today ! < PROPMALE>'s poor little footies are freezin'! And far be it for Mr Stubborn to wear a set of boots ... he'd rather be in pain . He limps worse with the boots on than he does with them off . Stupid , hard-headed , incredibly lovable and wonderful hairball . What would I do without him ? 
Dogs are fantastic . < PROPMALE > farts , then gets up and runs out of the room and leaves me to deal with it . 
I am so done with being sick . Come on , body , time to get it together . 
I am supposed to be writing . Damn you , Facebook . Why can I not stay off here ? I can't shut the computer off , either , ' cause I need it to work on my classwork ... Why I ever joined this thing in the first place , I'll never know . It's like a freaking addiction . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Today is my birthday and I'm raising money for Circle Tail , Inc . Service and Hearing Dogs . Click here to donate : http://wishes.causes.com/wishes/227427?bws=st 
So frustrated right now . Trying to work on stuff for writing workshop and can't get a story started to save my life . Where did all the ideas go ? 
Anyone got any home remedies for an upset stomach ? It's been weeks ( more like months , but who's counting ? ) and I've tried prilosec and nexium from the doctor , ginger/peppermint tea , tums , crackers , white rice , yogurt , not eating , eating only fruit smoothies , sipping icewater ... I'm just plain out of ideas . Anyone have any super-secret family remedies they can share ? At this point I'll give just about anything a shot . 
Pissed off . The absolute earliest the gastroenterologist could see me was May f'in 12th . So I get to spend the entire rest of the semester feeling like crap . 
