Happy New Year Everyone ! Bonne Annee ! 

The hangover is one of the funniest movies ever ! 
my username = Peter . Fredday 
wants to have the world's longest name ! 
SAD FACE ! i will never have the longest name .... it would need to have over 590 ! letters ! world record is from some < PROPMALE > guy . or at least thats the rumor/ whats on the internet .... :( 
wow ... slept to 11 . heheheheheheheheheh 
Yayah ! party it up with the Joshmister , the pfeffinator , and the < PROPFIRST > ______ ! beach then < PROPFIRST>'s then maybe my house even ! yay ! 
fun last night ... except apprently i can't be out after dark . so i has no phone for a bit .... =( 
rain , rain go away .... 
football , football , and more football . 
Gots my MCA results today ! Math : 866 Reading : 889 Science : 891 WOOT ! 
never wants to redo another kitchen .... ever . 
school's going good , finally got my computer working again . lol .... hope the rest of the year goes well too ! (>'')> 
back to school again .... yay ! sorta . 
YAY ! 3-1 now ! beat roseville 26-12 ! 
HOMECOMING ! GO BEARS ! 
Football game tomorrow ! gonna beat the crap out of < PROPMALE > Lake . and i really hate artistic homework ... 
YAY ! Friday ! football is really cold now ... lol 
really need to plan ahead .... 
sad face .... my xbox 360 broke . only way to get it fixed is $120 ! 
Slipknot is a pretty good band ... and i think no one will believe that i listen to them . 
OMG SAM'S HOUSE ! 
Had a great idea ! making a self sufficent wing aircraft with CO2 filters in the propulsion system to clean up the atmosphere ! any thoughts ? < PROPFIRST > ? 
do da do da dooooo . 
go dragged to the where the wild things are movie .... no one should watch that ever . 
just finished his l.a. project . YAY PROCRASTINATION ! 
going up against hastings tomorrow ! get out of school early ! yay ! 
ugh . no more free time .... maybe that change next week after football is over 
YAY Partay tonightz ! hopefully .... rofl 
BOWLING PARTAY ! WOOT ! yay go meeting random new people ! 
WHY SO MUCH HOMEWORK ! oh yeah , i was sick ..... 
wait . is aj larson one of berlin's friends ? 
I HAZ THE BEST FOTO < PROPFEMALE > ! 
whoz aj larson ? seriously .... 
=( there's homework inbetween me and mw2 ..... guess i gots to do it . 
dooby dooby dowap dooby dooby doowap ... < PROPFIRST > . hehehehhe 
the ads on the side of the < PROPFEMALE > are officially annoying me .... 
weird prank calls ... lol 
YAY ! in canada now ! visiting my grandparents for thanksgiving ... but man its cold here ! lol 
haha ! all the kids here have school right now .... fail 
yay . go karts are fun 
DOMO RULES ! www.domonation.com 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR ANOTHER 24 HOURS ... you can ask me one question I can take anything ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , Wierd or Cheesy it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get :) -- sure why not ? :) found this on < PROPFIRST>'s and thought i would be fun ! BRING IT ! 
ahhh ... food , family , curling , football , go karts , domo . awesome week ! 
huh . north campus has an online store now .... weeeeeeird . 
why must there be school tomorrow ? 
hmm ... 
so happy its going to be friday tomorrow ! 
gots most of my hw done now ... just need to finish those atoms . ugh i hate mr. olsen . get to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > later . that'll be fun ! 
\Santa came to say .... IM A PIMP ! \"" 
hmmm .. thinking about joining up with da jazz band .... anyone in it ? 
ITS MENDEZ THE MEXICAN JEWISH BOWLING PIN ! 
got my passion for piano back ! yay 
why does everyone have a pokemon now ??? 
why must we have school this week ? WHY !?! 
YAY ! gots my permit now ! 
yay for an apparent giant snowstorm ..... still if there's six feet of snow on the grounds , we will go to school . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! Hope you got what you wanted ! 
has anyone seen the avatar movie ??? wondering if its good or not . 
Finally saw District Nine ! great movie . 
YAY ! i finally beat assassin's creed 2 ! sorta .... still need to find over 90 feathers , 7 statues , 3 tombs , and like 40 viewpoints . lol . WTF ALIENS 
Anyone doing anything today ? 
Anarcho Communis 
why do people throw grilled cheese at me ? lol . that was so funny yesterday 
What amazing things can i do today ? ....... not much . lol 
Hey , anyone in Psychology ? i'm wondering if i should take it next year . Pretty much taking all honors classes , french ( again and again and again ) , Renaisance Performance , so i got a half credit left .... 
... 
Prestiege . yayz . finally after 3 video games in the series i have finally prestieged . lvl 20 1st Prestiege now . 
N'Orleans is going down next week !!! 
Go < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > Brown for < PROPFEMALE > Senator ! 
Made a group . ftw ! 
Anarcho Communism by wikipedia 
Need a new heater for my house . apparently the thirty year old heater is finally kicking the bucket .... was really cold yesterday 
< PROPFEMALE > . must . take . a . pill ..... Seriously CALM DOWN 
YOU DON\T DESERVE SHOES ! lol " 
apparently am terrible at go .... MUST PRACTICE AND PWN COMPUTER 
Had my first behind the wheel thingy . pretty fun . cool instructor 
YES ! I got straight A's . Woot ! 
What happens when you reach the edge of the universe ??? 
01001001 000 0100110 0100111 01010101 01000101 000 01000010 01001001 01001110 01000001 01010010 01011001 ( 000 = space ) 
Live Together , Or Die Alone 
Which voice in my head should i listen too ? 
http://politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-3.62&soc=-4.87 
thinks i should right down my random thoughts in a notebook . Also , obama must not have ever taken an economics class ... he's doing the opposite of what he should be 
Have to do evil biography report after lunch . ugh . but then I guess i'm done for the weekend . 
Yay . finally got that < PROPFIRST > Twain book report done . did it in 2 days lol . 3 1/2 pages of boring . 
Country official sucks . who with me ? 
\Feminist must really hate softball\ " ..... random thought " 
WHEN WILL HALO REACH BETA COME OUT !!!!!! ARGH ! 
No homework sort of ... only four day week which is awesome . need something to do this weekend though ! 
yay facebook is working again ! been like error < PROPFEMALE > for a week . 
argh . science paper . 
TACOS RULE ! lol 
New glasses . really better vision now , look cool too 
In my society ..... lol 
I want my own computer ...... ugh . 
Guess i should probably get to work now ...... lol . poetry packet thingy time ! 
Why is my computer so slow ... been trying to open email on it for about 10 mins now . really ? evil thing . want to dump the hard drive and hack some LINUX on to it ... ah once my parents buy a new computer . IT SHALL BE MINE 
Y'all don'r actually exist , unless I can see , hear , touch , smell , taste ( ew ) you .... gotta love idealism . the same ones that say your all a figment of my imagination . woot woot . PHILOSOPHIZE 
gah . anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > todayz ? 
can't remember that cat hat website .... argh . 
I'm like in every cultural minority . lol . epic fail . 
WHY CROSBY ?! WHY !!!!!!!!! 
Cat or fox ? Cat or fox ? Cat or fox ? Cat or fox ? Cat or fox ? Cat or fox ? ARGH 
is a furry . lol . simple as dat . =3 
Yay for reading cold war american propaganda in language arts ! they got communism soooooooooooo wrong . < PROPFEMALE > anarcho communism 
OMG HALO REACH BETA TRAILER IS AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hangin with da samster . with < PROPFEMALE > CAT HAT . lol . cept no one cares ... 
Aye , always have great pictures in my head but i just can't draw them ! 
Coolio ! got a bamboo tablet for our computer today ! with photoshop elements .... this could be pretty fun ! 
going to the car show today . could be fun . 
autoshow was pretty cool . the nissan cube is amazing ! also the smart car is actually pretty roomy on the inside very weird . 
God i HATE trolls .... 
realizing that everyone possibly can see everything i've done on facebook ..... hmm . 
I think i could say absolutly anything in my status and no one would say anything .... wonder how many people actually read my statuses . lol 
feminists are sexist . nuff said . lol .... also found funny comic . u should chk it out 
comic tricked me into losing the game ..... ugh . THE GAME . RULE 1 : You are playing The Game . RULE 2 : Whenever you think about The Game , you lose . RULE 3 : Loss must be announced 
questioning his faith . 
I DID IT ! 4 years of webcomics in 3 days ! woot . 
Agnostic Theism ... yay finding stuff you agree with . 
lol . < PROPMALE > 4 pic 
GET OUT OF MY HEAD ! 
time to troll the trolls . woot 
there's too many of them ! aaaaaahhhh ..... * drowns in pile of trolls * also learned cool game . snap game for the win . J FIZZ GO LONG !!! * snap * 
Ok . can someone please help me understand religion . for it or otherwise .... need . to . decide ... ugh 
had 19 notifications .... anything over 10 freaks me out 
Rugby now is my favorite European sport ..... almost better than football even . hmm 
should not have looked up what j fizz told me too .... more confused now . 
ow . mosquito ringtone kinda hurts your ears ... i need to try and download that , worked at first with my dad , then turned up speakers and he could hear it . but it said it can't be too loud 
needs to get more friends .... hm 
Must . Buy . Own computer .... 
slowly finding ways to amuse himself . yay for nice weather 
Must remember not to zone out when i'm riding a bike . Almost hit a car that turned in fron of me . lol 
The Church of the Apathetic Agnostic FOR THE WIN ! lol . most random/funny site i've been on 
Just applied for a fake degree over the internet ... yay ? 
cheese pizza time ... evil no meat on friday rule . why ??? 
Is now a reverend of a small internet church . YES ! i can potentially legally marry people 
After arguing with myself in my head and in a mirror for some reason , I've concluded that you don't need proof to prove that something does not exist . You only need proof to prove that something is indeed true . To prove its not true all you need is the absense of posistive proof . So if you cannot prove that god is real , he can be assumed to be not real ..... sorta . 
okay gonna leave a warning lol . if you put ANYTHING on facebook it becomes public , which means ANYTHING on facebook is fair game . You have a right to your opinion and i have one to mine so yes i'm going to comment on stuff if i disagree with you . if you no likey delete it or block me from posting on your wall . dur 
also yay for facebook rants 
oh hey here's a goodun too . dang too long . comment section ! 
sooooo wait . what the hell happened with healthcare ? saying obama signed it , but it needs to go to senate as well . wtf ! 
OMG holy crap concessions freaked me out . a ; ldskfjasd ; lkf 
Practic round for golf today ! hopefully wont do too bad ... lol . also yay for blockage ! 
golf was fun . wow 3 hours long for 9 holes ... shot a 62 . okay i guess . 
still doesn't understand how the church can support soldiers so much . in the bible it says do not kill but most of them do . hypocrisy 
woah . i have so much homework to do over spring break ! need to start/finish monologue , debate , and macro pkt .... waaaaaah 
nononononono HELL NO ! thats not what it means < PROPFEMALE > . god damn it . 
\something . something . something . dark side\ " to - \ " something . something . something . jesus \"" 
for those who philosophize . reading spinoza's \ethics\ " ... circular reasoning much ? part 1 proposistion 11 . also a few more but don't have book on hand . " 
RAPTA JESUS ! \nothing in the bible said that jesus wasn't a raptor \"" 
WHAT IS MAKING THAT NOISE !?!?!?! 
go to youtube type in \why christiannity fails\ " watch parts 1 & 2 ... makes some damn good sense " 
Everything needs a reason ! if you think you don't need a reason to think a certain way means your ignorant/arrogant or just a moron ... 
OMG OMG OMG ! I FOUND PIRATE AS A LANGUAGE FOR FACEBOOK ! 
argh . i knew < PROPMALE > would get out of that somehow .... stupid split personality thingy 
Haircut ! dad bought a jeep , and went to the golf dome ! 
Oh yeah . Happy \A\ " week ! " 
Authority only exists because you allow it to .... random thought for da day . 
Wonders how long it'll take to basically tick off all of my friends using facebook .... gonna start counting . lol 
... zzzzzz ..... 
Buddhism is quite interesting . I think i'm going to look into that more .... 
God i love being an admin ! bringing down the banhammer . 
Is in canadia now ... cooler but not that cold thankfully 
The # of kids bops makes you feel old doesn't it ? remember when it was #1 ? now its like 17 or something ... 
Why can't there be a religion that thinks that life is actually worth living ? i mean SERIOUSLY ! every one i've look at says the life is evil .... WHY 
Got failed at church today ... during the little summation of the readings the priest basically said \free will = the freedom to serve god\ " Freedom doesn't = servitude .... please tell me someone else sees how this is wrong . " 
Gah ! every single thing is closed here ! nothing to do ! 
Ok . i give one last < PROPMALE > to religion . Explain how evil can exist in the world with a \caring\ " god . Go ! " 
how is it that people are online , but not online for chat ? wtf ? 
MANIAN & DJ SPLASH ! 
RENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARDRENARD ! 
ø„¸¨°º¤ø„¸¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º° ¨°º¤ø„¸TECHNO„ø¤º°¨ „ø¤º°¨FOREVER`°º¤ø 
You people listen yet ? lol 
This is my reality and it's just the raver's fantasy . Cause I know if you´re in love with me tonight , we're ravin ' through the night . 
keeps going on the lapfox website and stays there for damn hours .... must . sleep . but . can't . must . listen .... lol 
Happy Easter . XPUCTOC BOCKPEC ! 
SPEEDCORE . woot 
Ah . Speedcore , everything everyone else hates in music . but for somereason i like ... 
ugh ... so far cheapest phat pants i've found be 130 bucks .... damn . 
lol . who's 651-707-5043 ? and 651-717-5948 ? in canada so i can't txt peoples ... but wondering . 
Ha you all have to go back to school tomorrowz ! i however get to spend 8 hours in a car .... about the same dontcha think ? 
really wishes trolls were a little smarter ... 
https://secure.freepress.net/site/Advocacy?cmd=display&page=UserAction&id=437 go to this . save da internet . also thoughts for the day . 1 . i hate missing school , so much homework 2 . < PROPFIRST > woodruff is a prick 3 . stop spreading hate and lies ' bout furries , its annoying . 4 . pancakes . 
I <3 troll logic . so easy to rip to shreds .... =P 
... thinking thoughts of people who have thought and think that their thoughts may be worth thinking and telling other thinkers so that they think that thought and make more thoughts to think about .... CONFUSION FTW ! 
Supports the people of kyrgyzstan ... 
wow . seriously had this discussion on the bus this morning ... who would win : master cheif vs . a jedi . jedi won apparently . the whole force thing is working in their favor . 
wonders why people care so much about what others do with their lives .... 
why must it post EVERYTHING i do on the news feed . argh ... 
Yay ! i have hate pictures on groups ! they actually think i care what the post ... FAIL . the next step is to get blocked . 
this isnt racist but i love black people on xbox live . 
Let me be your daily dose of blasphemy , i have it all : social , political , economical , and religious . Just step right up everybody ! lol . 
ugh ... facebook doesnt work on my computer ! 
yay . back to normal ... 
Wants the roads to be clean so he can longboard .... 
got a 88/100 for a monologue < PROPFIRST > twain speech that i wrote the night before i had to present . procrastination win ! 
Is war evil ? or are there things worth fighting for ? if there is something worth fighting for how do you know its the right thing ? each side of a war thinks the other is evil and that they are right . How do you know that you are not the evil one ? ARGH ! GET OUT OF MY HEAD ! 
must figure out how the US Navy hospital ships work ..... 
hmm i think the right/wrong thing is over .... if wanting freedom and equality is wrong , i dont want to be right . 
ICE CREAM MAN ! lol . 
can anyone give me some tips on the trebuchet project for school ? like how the sling is made .... working on it but so far its not working . HELP 
apparently it take 9 hours to build a trebuchet to make a golf ball fly 2 meters ..... but YAY ITS FINISHED ! 
Why must there be macro packets in the world ? why .... 
wishes there were more anarchists in WB 
annnnnnnnd back to more agnosticism . 
rave anyone ??? 
o_e 
YES ! ITS THE WEEKEND ! 
ANYTHING to keep the muffin war going lol 
and just heard of a sad f'ed up story ... some people are completely and utterly retarded im sorry 
.... apparently my french nickname is \Juju\ " . Awesome ! " 
Hit Ctrl+W FOR AWESOMENESS ! 
GUESS WHAT !? i get the tops of my braces off tomorrow !!! 
concessions and original life need to UPDATE . argh . :3 
Facebook chat + Blaring techno + Gravitational Time Dialation = my afternoon . lol 
litterally i want to break everything in my house 
Is so G he's almost H . lol . 
3 MORE DAYS ! YES ! 
hmmm ... can you download something off the internet directly to a USB using internet explorer ? 
OP SEEYUP ! 
hmm ... i want to have a bettter understanding of nihilism . any help ? google isn't working well . :P 
Why wouldnt they release it on a friday or something ??? WHY A MONDAY ? WHYYYYYYY ! 
should get me some nietzsche ! ( nee-chee ) lol 
craaaaaap ... schedule issues . i think i'm gonna have like a full month of being at different camps . hmm ... 
well that was weird .... felt bad for eating chicken ? wtf . 
now wants to go utterly destroy this so called creation \museum \"" 
school is going to suck tomorrow because i could be playing halo instead of \learning\ " ... SAD FACE . yeah thats really geeky but whatever . " 
\HOW COULD YOU SEE ME ??? I WAS HIDING IN A BUSH !!!! \ " \ " yo mom's bush\ " FAIL " 
i'm really starting to like that show \into the universe with < PROPFIRST > hawking\ " good show .... " 
Halo : REACH thou < PROPMALE > a he < PROPMALE > less wench . THE DAMN SERVERS ARE DOWN ! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU .... 
YES ! ODST actually has value more than a coaster !!! 
To cram or not to cram . THAT is the question . lol . 
well i finished homework ... now i could study or .... PLAY HALO . hmmm . 
the final seemed to go ok .... wait we have 3 tests tomorrow ... fuuuuu 
WOOT 183/180 ON THE MACRO FINAL 
well i could actually do something ..... or i can look at stupid pictures on the internet while listening to the soviet anthem . yeah you WISH you could have that much awesome 
when in doubt ... MAKE IT UP 
Damn i love that song .... 
hellllllooooooo ? is anyone actually around ? 
okay everything keeps shaking in my eyes .... i think i need a nap or im having a seizure . wtf 
wonders how greece will turn out ... hopefully for the better ( aka anarchist win ) 
mmmmmm ... awardsy 
failed at studying I KNOW THIS ALREADY ! 
BRING IT AP TEST ! 
DO THIS up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , enter button , right click , up , down\ 
ITS AWESOME ! 
\i will smash the corner stone of society with the hammer of the people and it will crumble down upon those who try to hold it up \"" 
19 ! 
Majority rule only works if you're also considering individual rights . Because you can't have five wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Flynt 
meh .... not the best weekend ever . 
< PROPMALE > 19:27 aka HOLY SHIIIIIIIIIIItake mushrooms . ( you like the save ? ) 
oh it'd be nice if people would talk to me other than when they have to ... 
wishes he had that multiple personality disorder thingy .... THATD BE COOL ! 
The law is an adroit mixture of customs that are beneficial to society , and could be followed even if no law existed , and others that are of advantage to a ruling minority , but harmful to the masses of men , and can be enforced on them only by terror . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Kropotkin ( hijacked from someone else :P ) 
\God Theory\ " i came up with the other day ... " 
\No Fleshies Allowed \"" 
Okay ... if you put smelly food in the fridge , and put a half empty can of dr. pepper in there at the same time .... the dr. pepper will taste like that smelly food . EW ruined < PROPFEMALE > DR . P ! 
I LIKEZ ME DEM TETRIS ! haha 
needs me some more pictures ..... 
SOOOOOO CLOSE ! 14 left ..... 
had a weird moment last night haha .... got out of bed to open the door for my cat ( which will not stop bugging me ) and as i got out my ankle locked and wouldn't move . haha ... it was really weird 
http://www.thinkgeek.com/tshirts-apparel/unisex/sciencemath/de50/zoom/ 
\In soviet russs .... screw this i'm getting vodka\ " LOL " 
anyone else play \tetris \"?" 
well ... this plan epically failed . :P 
kropotkin quote ( stupid character limit ) 
ah . the quest for meaning in a pointless universe . haha 
huh . apparently that friends revealed thing was a scam and got deleted . lol fail . haha 
\Est-ce que\ " IS THE MOST ANNOYING WORD EVER CREATED ! its so annoying having to write it over and over and over again ! " 
only ten more loooooooooongggg days left . 
huh ? says people are doing stuff .... but they're not online . huh ....... lol 
wow i honestly think this < PROPFEMALE > made my head hurt from the anger .... haha http://www.facebook.com/#!/oneman.onewoman?ref=ts 
just got back from half price ... bought Fredrich Nietzsche's \Thus Spake Zarusthra\ " ( spelt wrong ) hopefully it'll be a good one . to jfizz's dismay haha " 
haha Superman was invented in the 1800's ... dont give me no comic crap lol ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Teapot is FTW haha ... 
holy crap ! anyone see that sinkhole in guatemala ? Its 30 STORIES deep , it swallowed a 3 story apartment building ! 
damn havnt done yoga in a looooooong time .... forgot how good it is ! haha 
FERIS WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! haha ... i need a picture of ferris buehler now for that geometry project 
.... really need to stop going on that < PROPFEMALE > . 
went golfing this morning ... i swear i had a lucky tee , 6 great tee shots in a row and the tee never broke . gonna keep that for next time haha 
hmm ... feels like writing 
wow i really really hate mr. olsen now .... 
Not in Cruelty , Not in Wrath , The Reaper came today . An Angel visited this Grey Path , and Took the Cube Away ! ( RIP Companion Cube ) 
had some great and awkward times downtown ! haha ... and yes coffee still tastes like \burnt water\ " jfizz " 
SUMMER !!!!! yayz 
Sweet ! I finally have my own laptop ! whoo hoo ! :D 
because cake makes a great breakfast food ! 
hmm ... made a second life todayz 
hmm ... is there anything going on today in this town ? evil rain , can't go outside haha 
going to Vertical Endeavors tonight ! hopefully I'll climb without freaking out so much lol 
wow my ' uncle ' is terrible . lol . Nigeria vs . Germany in the world cup ... he noticed a very interesting thing with the scoreboard . :P 
( Jwugiwb + Mfjguncrt = Mwig ) Ewe ! :P 
Ihbr dqy khui qw qfng qkdy ! hhupk ! ewe 
hmm ... More sciency ramble . Taking that Matter and Energy are equivalent to each other , and the Law of Convservation of Energy . Wouldnt that mean that there would be a Law of Conservation of Matter ( Matter cannot be created or destroyed ) ????? Hmm .... 
Heading out to Canadia today ! eight ... hours ... away ... lol . 
Cabin is going great ! Lots of Fun at the beach and I can < PROPFEMALE > with my canadian friends . Also read a book by the Dalai Lama , pretty good book ... hope you guys are having a good summer too 
... stupid character limit 
Hello internet , i've missed you so ... :P 
i finally get back home from my cabin , and now I have to leave again tomorrow ! well 1/2 a day home is good enough :P 
cya guys next week ! off to Grey Wolf ! 
well now that im home pretty much nothing will happen lol :P 
finally got Renard on my mp3 
well tommorrow is gonna be bad lol ... not gonna get much sleep lol 
Left 4 Dead 2 is a really fun game ! 
Firefox is AWESOME 
Politics : The < PROPMALE > of Insulting Your Opponent . \ 
and you win when you've done it the best . 
Off to camp again tomorrow ! yay i get to actually do something again ! 
back from tomahawk , gonna be home the rest of the summer . but it was definitely a great week 
Happy Friday the 13th :P 
Class Schedule :P \ 
\ 
Advisory : Swoboda\ 
Algebra 2 : Larsen\ 
Honors Bio : Hoernema\ 
Honors L.A. : Dittrich\ 
French 2 : Erickson\ 
Lunch C\ 
Renaissance Performance : Nordenst\ 
Honors Am . History : Whalen\ 
2nd Semester : History becomes 5th hour , and AP Micro : Seeba becomes 6th :D 
ugh i hate Bear Cards ... so far i've sold a whopping 2 cards :P and I think the most I could sell would be 3 lol 
YES ! Twoadays are finally over 
I should probably start that Language Arts Homework shouldn't I .... 
... now i can't find that assignment sheet .... fml 
Can someone tell me what the Language Arts Website is ? i need to find that assignment sheet for the paper :P 
Homework on the first day of school just isn't cool ... 
Whoo ! 28 WBL - 21 Cretin ! 
SO CLOSE ! FML ! Haha still 41-13 ! Whoo ! 
damn ... i had one stupid thing to go buy this weekend and I forgot , stupid poster board ... 
I hate Skyward ... I missed one language arts assignment , ONLY ONE . and now if i mess up an assignment again I can't play football ... fml 
see ya appendix , not like you did anything anyway :P 
Hmm ... I don't think the History Day paper will actually be that hard , since I wrote up the background part of it and got 2 pages . Just have to wait and see :P 
WHOO ! Finished the Rough Draft ! :P 7 pages long 
apparently , the snow destroyed my internet 
Done :P 
Note to Self : Make sure you have enough gas for the snowblower BEFORE the storm hits 
