is trying to get up the UMPH to go for a run in Prospect Park . I did so WELL the first couple of days of this new routine . Now comes the hard part of sticking to it . Oh , I will , have no doubt . It's just gonna take a little more ... UMPH . :) Happy We 

is upgrading her iPhone software . I'm just so excited ! :P 
: I think I have become a little TOO addicted to Facebook . I think it is time for a break . Let's see if I can make it until Monday without logging on . Have a great weekend y'all . I'll stalk you again on Monday . :) 
couldn't do a whole weekend without Facebook . Couldn't even go two days . At least not when I'm sick and stuck at home bored . Oh well . Maybe another time . 
feels ... bleh . I HATE being sick . Even a little . 
is ALMOST over this cold . Full personal seclusion for the weekend seems to have hastened my cold along . But now it's Monday and I have to go out into the world , into the work place . Hopefully the weekend built up enough reserved energy that I can make 
is draggin a bit thus far today . But no rest for the weary until tonight . Off to hopefully three auditions , a go-see , and back to yesterdays temp job to hopefully finish a project - if they got the rest of the pieces in . Screw the \no dairy when your s " 
is going to have a quiet day . thank goodness . 
: Nevermind about that quiet day . Oh the life of a temp . Sometimes I \hate\ " being so good at what I do . " 
wishes there was more dancing and less talking on \So You Think You Can Dance\ " . Love the show but the percentage of time spent on the judges talking could be so much better spent with more routines . " 
loves that Cat Deeley is dressed and styled in an homage to < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett on \So You Think You Can Dance\ " tonight . " 
made it into the first minute of Episode 4 of < PROPMALE > Pains . Fleetingly but I'm there yo ! Twice infact . Once , kissing cheeks on the deck and then standing o nthe deck talking with folks fiddling with an earring . Yeah , that's me y'all . :) 
is back to the regular life of an actor ... temping . ;) 
had her most \exciting\ " day on the temp job yet - falling water and ceiling panels five feet from where you are working can do that . :) Now on to a friend's housewarming . Can't wait for no alarm in the morning . " 
is going to have a productive day : checking out a new church , laundry and full out cleaning more for the afternoon . It's going to happen . Somehow . :) 
is going to go attempt a double loop around Prospect Park . With this cold lingering on and holding on for dear life ... we will see how I feel after one but ... hopefully I can at least walk my way through the end of a 10K . 
heading off to Red Bank , NJ , for an audition . One day , one of these all day excursions will pay off . Maybe it will be today . 
is heading out for a loop or two around the park . 
has two main goals for today : 1 ) go for a long run and 2 ) cross off an obscene amount of things from my To-Do list . It's possible . Now I just have to go do it . :) 
: Happy 4th y'all . Be safe and have a blast ( no pun intended ) . 
is off to another day of temping followed by a run in the park . 
: don't look for me on FB tomorrow ( Thursday ) . Up early for a run , getting ready , off to work at the PR firm ( no more closets this time ) , a casting , back to work , a break for line learning , church group and finally rehearsal . Look for me at the local St 
: Friday = FUN !!!! Oh how I cannot wait ! 
: for everyone who doesn't know yet - I'M IN PORTLAND !!!!! Here until Tuesday , NorCal until Saturday , back to Portland until the following Tuesday . Oh this is fun and I can't wait to see peoples . Call me , text me , Facebook me and let's do coffee or some 
is in downtown Portland for the day . Sip ' n Kranz this morning to work and catch up with a friend then more work then over to the 211 offices then more friends this evening hopefully . It really is a sign of my workaholic nature that I am spending my vac 
is heading home to NYC today . Thanks for the great trip Portlanders and Placervillians . It was a grand time . 
: errands errands everywhere . Getting everything cleaned up and put away from the trip , doing all the errands , going for a run and getting some work done . Hope to reach the end of the day with all of it done but ... we will see . :) 
is looking at a crazy Friday : up early , workout , job 1 , job 2 , home and job 3 . Maybe a play to end it all out . Who knows . We will see . :) HAPPY FRIDAY Y'ALL . 
isn't sure how I am going to get this project done by the deadline but ... I'll make it happen somehow . Tomorrow will be a long long day but that project will get in there somewhere . HAPPY MONDAY ! 
is headed to bed to get up early to go to auditions . Hopefully I get seen . 
did two auditions this morning , is back home and preparing to finish this project and knock a few more out as well . Gonna keep this productive day rolling . YAY TUESDAYS ! 
is wondering how it got to be the third day before August . Seriously ?!!? Damn . This year is FLYIN ! 
is absolutely IN LOVE with the thunderstorm happening in Brooklyn right now . So impressive ! 
just had her first < PROPFEMALE > panic attack about this new show : will it be good !??! should i really invite people !??!? will I be able to at least rock the challenge that is my roll ? Sigh . I sent the invites so ... I guess it will work out . It has to now . : 
is crossing her fingers and toes and saying her prayers for the safe return of her friend < PROPFEMALE > from Iraq . Hopefully they get out tonight safely and on their way home . 
is attempting to self-motivate for this Saturday . It comes down to choices but the \good\ " choices are not always the easiest things to motivate yourself to do since they usually involve DOING something versus being a lazy bum . * sigh * Maybe an influx of " 
forgot just how early 4 am is . But when you gotta be camera ready and in midtown at 6 , Starbucks will be needed so you allow for time . :) 
is tired of waiting for Office Depot to deliver . 
is wishing she could sleep . The alarm clock goes off way too soon for a sleepless night . I probably shouldn't have made the happy birthday call so late but ... I wanted to be first . :) HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you ! 
is up and off . I think today is going to hurt - in the \I slept so little I might as well have stayed up\ " kind of way . But the auditioning MUST go on . Then I'll come home and crash . Hopefully . :) " 
is being that annoying person in Starbucks talking on their phone just a little too loudly . How else am I suppose to make all these calls and have people hear me !?!?!? :P 
is filming this morning for corporate websites , then maybe get some work done , then maybe an audition , then rehearsal . I'm having my Raisin Bran this morning to get me ready for what will be a very long day . Yeah , that's right , Two Scoops ! 
wasted the morning away . And LOVED every minute of it . :D 
has fully recovered from the craziness that was earlier this week and is setting out to pack the rest of her Saturday with play and work and more play . Yay ! 
is throwing herself back at the wagon . The running wagon that is . It's been too long and I've become too used to the couch . I'm taking myself back to the road . Bittersweetly . 
is wondering how many times a player ( cough cough < PROPFIRST > Favre cough cough ) can go into retirement and then come out again before we stop calling it \retiring\ " . I mean seriously . " 
is so nervous about tomorrow that I'm hyper at midnight , craving chocolate ice cream and making myself anxious . If it wasn't so hot , I'd have a cup of tea . But ... with my first audition for a show at New York Fashion Week tomorrow ... I should be sleeping , not eating anything and drinking water . Oh this is gonna be a rough night . 
is WIRED . Heading to a morning yoga class to try to calm down a bit for the day . Focus this energy and all that sort of thing . Casting isn't until 4 and of course I'm working today so ... it's gonna be a long one . 
had a kickass day . Some great yoga , a day of work where I was constantly being told to slow down which I find hilarious , a casting for Nolcha Fashion Week that I KILLED , and now home . Now if I could just get the cleaning done around the house before Mom gets into town in the morning , life will be perfectly in order . :P 
is so full that I'm ... hungry ?!?! What ?! hmmmm BUT ... I highly recommend < PROPFEMALE > in Brooklyn for some kick bomb mexican food . So good . 
is starting out a little slow but will pick up the pace as the day goes along . < PROPFIRST > Island this morning and then more adventuring this afternoon . 
is exhausted after a LONG day at the theatre but super excited to open tomorrow night , no matter how it goes . The fact that we are SOLD OUT might have something to do with that ... maybe . ;) If you wanna come see it , you better go online and get tickets for one of the other days PRONTO . www.SpringsTix.com 
is trying to figure out how to re-format her resume to accomodate the new section she gets to add today - OFF-BROADWAY . Show opens tonight to a sold out crowd . I am so grateful for the opportunities I have been given - and no matter how this show turns out , that stands , without falter . 
is packing up and heading into the city for another day . Last night ( opening night ) went well - could have better , could have been a whole lot worse . Tonight we get another < PROPMALE > to discover all over again . But first , I have to get to 8pm . :) 
is sitting in Starbucks and had an old man sit down next to me and comment on how busy I was and start a conversation with me which led to him telling me he was a dentist and offering to bleach my teeth for free . I don't know if I should feel self conscious about my teeth and skeetched out or like God just offered me a freebie on something I've been wanting to do but can't afford . Weird . 
is \le tired\ " . BUT ... the day goes on . Super grateful for the < PROPMALE > to live and laugh and do what I was meant to do . All in one day no less ! Damn ... that's good . " 
finally got a < PROPMALE > to watch the season finale of < PROPMALE > Pains - oh I'm there alright . At the reception , looking for the woman at the table in the background in the blue dress with her hair up talking with her hands ... that's me . lol . Oh background work . 
' s sunday : brunch with Mom and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , saying goodbyes , Journey Worship Arts Team audition #1 , closing night of Spring's Awakening , cast party . Should be a good day . 
is a bit befuddled about the fact that it is Monday already . Today is all about work catch up so off to the Brooklyn Library I go . 
is resolving to not change her status today . i've become one of those people who changes it just a little too much . or a lot too much . i'll be at the library if you need me . ( no seriously - that's where i'll be ) 
is going to get herself to workout today . Somehow . Someway . Your'd think I had the perfect motivation but ... doesn't seem to be getting me up and at it . Ah well . Every hour is a new < PROPMALE > to make a new choice right ? :) 
is gonna have quite a day . Work out done , casting to go to do and work to get done . And hoping the Super shows up to deal with the oven that the bathroom ceiling . And a new roomie moving in while another moves out . Here me and my nalgene full of water come , Friday ! 
has decided to scrap all plans and expectations of herself for today . I think I might be wearing myself down and heading into the next two weeks , I need a store up of energy . Yay for Saturdays . 
had a kick bomb day . Message of the day to share : life's experiences are like a cookie - take each ingredient ( or experience ) by itself and 5 or 6 ingredients won't taste great on it's own while one or two might . But put them all together and stir and bake and the cookie ( life ) will taste great . 
started the morning right with a TWO MINUTE repair on the stove . Can all appliance repairs go like that for the rest of my life please ? :) off to the PR firm and then on to shoot a TV segment for NOLCHA . Let the craziness begin !!! 
is starting another day against the same grindstones . So what if I have three seperate and very different grindstones to pound today . Rock it out ! 
had a blast at the Catwalk Confidence event last night . On to today ... work , other work , casting , work , other work . Hopefully a yoga finish to the day . That would be so nice right now . And an early bed time . Maybe ? Hopefully . But I won't think about that now . It's too far away . 
submerged her Saturday in the first and second seasons of Mad Men . Now ... Sunday morning breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > at Big Daddy's , fitting #1 for NOLCHA , hoping to get to a meeting for Worship Arts at the Journey and then dashing home to get work done now that the system is back up and running . Deep breath and .... GO ! 
is so tired . But ... at work none the less . No rest for the weery . And then there is that saying that \I can sleep when I'm dead\ " . Home to bed early tonight hopefully so I can be ready to party with the youngins tomorrow . " 
is off to another day of work . Tomorrow = something different . 
is off to be a demo model for new < PROPFEMALE > makeup artists . Should be interesting . Then home for chores . I will get those damn chores done today . No more procrastinating !!! ( That's my own personal pep talk :D ) 
just found out I got invited to an audition for American Shakespeare Company ! I am so excited/nervous/grateful . It's just athe audition but getting this would be HUGE !!! 
is attacking whatever virus is trying to get me sick . ABSOLUTELY NOT ALLOWED ! Water , tea , vitamins ... here I come . Tomorrow I think I will take the day off . Today , work . Tomorrow , rest . Maybe . :) 
is judging today on how much cleaning I can get done . It's over due - with so many different things going on , the cleaning gets left behind . Today = catchup . Hopefully . 
is thinking about going to see ' FAME ' tomorrow . Anyone want to go with if I do ? 
cannot BELIEVE the result of Project Runway tonight . So not the right person to leave . Shock . Utter shock . 
baked brownies this afternoon . And promptly remembered how much I miss baking . And my Kitchenaid . Now if I could only figure out how to get it across the country the baking would happen so much more often . Sigh . But ... at least I still have brownies to take to the BBQ . SCORE ! 
is almost done with day one of the most boring week I will have this year possibly - sitting at a desk from 9-5 doing almost nothing . WHICH MEANS ... I will spending a lot of time on FB andreading this week . Which is cool . But I'd rather have work to do thank you very much . I don't do bored well . 
can't stop singing the theme song to FAME in my head . I think I wanna go see it again . Sad , yes . Do I care ? Absolutely not . :D 
is back at this week's desk with my starbucks , my < PROPMALE > Shakespeare and Pandora playing on the computer . I might be okay with this . :) 
is having quite a day with communications . Week really . On one hand I'm taking names and laying down the smackdown . And on the other I'm being less then I should be and having to go back and apologies . Perfect combo I guess . Keeps me humble . Or something like that . :) 
is so DONE with the crappy service on my iPhone . It's an IPHONE for goodness sake . AT&T needs to get their act together and improve the network in NYC so that the iPhone hub of the country has better service . So there ! :P 
is finally done with Day 3 of the tedium . Heading home to crank out some work for my other job . Oh it never ends . But ... I love it all still . :) 
LOVES Glee . Man those singers are rockin !!! 
is remembering why I am an actor - because I love it and while I might be good at office jobs , they are too often tedious and hard on the soul . This morning I feel so tired and drained from sitting at this desk doing nothing that I really wish I hadn't signed on for a full week of this . BUT ... silver lining - after tomorrow , I won't have to do it for at least a week . Ah bliss . :) 
is listening to the soundtrack to FAME . And LOVING it ! :) 
is very thankful that it is Friday . One day left at the desk . 
rode the ferry to S.I. Then a bus over the Narrows bridge back . Time to get a few things done before yoga and dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Penk ( redone to ACTUALLY tag it instead of it being weird :D ) 
is procrastinating on ... everything . Sigh . While thinking about the brownies I want to eat . And will turn all the thoughts around by going to yoga . Well ... hopefully yoga will help . :) 
hates all the little things that aren't hard or time consuming , just pesky . Pesky enough to not want to do them . Ah well . Here's to reaching the end of my To Do List . 
had a GREAT weekend at the retreat . So glad to have been there and now spend sometime with my lovely housemates . Heading back to NYC bright and early tomorrow morning . All day traveling is a headache but worth it for the time here . 
has finally fully backed up her computer and is FINALLY starting to get to work . Ugh . This is going to be a ridiculously long two weeks I suspect . 
is going to ATTACK the To Do List today . It's gotten away from me somehow . Dealing with a few tings now , then off to run some errands and a casting , then back to give that To Do List \what for\ " . :) " 
loves that the heat is back on in the building but had forgotten how much she hated the hissing and gurgling of the radiator in her room . Ah well - I'm grateful for the heat . :) 
is getting SUPER nervous for a party tonight thrown by the agency I freelance with - models , clients and the agency peeps . At some super upscale club and everything . Hopefully getting dressed up will help my confidence come back . 
is starting out a packed day : church , audition/call back for a show I don't remember submitting for , meeting , and home to work the night away prepping for tomorrow and the week ahead . And somehow I already feel like I'm running late . Whoops . 
is ... SURPRISE SURPRISE ... procrastinating . 
is on a mission to live a life of love . 
is feeling a wee bit overwhelmed and wondering just how I am going to get all of these things done by the deadlines . Hmmm . Well , enough with this quick FB break - back at it I go ! 
will be at Actorsfest all morning . Will you ? 
is having a SUPER productive day already . Turning things around task by task . :) 
is headed to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Penk then home to watch the opening games of the NBA . I really enjoy the fact that I don't have one team - I just like the game . SHOW ME THE GAME ! :P 
had forgotten the ill effects of fried food on personal energy levels . One deep fried egg roll and my energy tanks . That's depressing in itself . * SIGH * 
would like to be a headless chicken for Halloween but I don't think people will get it when I walk into a room dressed as myself . 
had a great Halloween out with < PROPFEMALE > Sertich and friends . Flashdance costume was a success . New York is a fun fun place on All Hallow's < PROPFEMALE > . Crazy but fun . :) 
is ready to give this packed Monday a ONE TWO PUNCH . Hitting up all three of my jobs today and Growth Group to top off the evening . Look out Monday , here I come ! 
is spending another day at her computer in the living room of her apartment working the day away . Life could be so much worse . :) 
has a feeling it is going to be a little bit crazy in NYC today . If you haven't heard , the Yankees won the World Series ( I know some of you don't follow anything sports related cough cough < PROPFIRST > cough cough ) . :P 
has a feeling it is going to be a little bit crazy in NYC today . If you haven't heard , the Yankees won the World Series ( I know some of you don't follow anything sports related cough cough < PROPFIRST > Monahan cough cough ) . :P 
is back . Not quite sure where I went but this morning I just have this sense of ... \I'm back\ " . Weird I know but ... THAT'S ME !! :D " 
is thinking of my friends and family that have served , are serving and will serve here and around the world . Thank you to every soldier who serves our country . 
has discovered the downside to telecommuting - when you work all day at one job and just want to go home and veg out , your other job is just sitting there waiting for you . Ah well . Life is good and long as it may have been , today was definitely a GOOD day . :) 
is SUPER glad it's Friday . I am so ready for a night completely off . 5:30 can't come soon enough . 
is wishing one of her long-time ( like 20 years long-time ) pals , < PROPFEMALE > White , an AMAZING 25th birthday today . I love you and miss you < PROPFEMALE > . Party like the rockstar you are !! 
is setting out for a full day well all the while remembering . 
hit up < PROPFEMALE>'s when they opened at 7 for a much need pair of black boots . Now on to the rest of my day - work , The Actor's Project , and dinner with Indrina Kanth . YAY ! 
GOT A RAISE !!! And may be getting a second one to go with it . God is so frickin AMAZING ! I count it a blessing that I am good at what I do - and that blessing is now reaping more blessings . TAH DAH !!! :D 
is fighting off plagues of exhaustion with a joyful spirit and a venti chai latte from starbucks . Look out Thursday , here I come ! 
is SUPER glad that today is Friday . It has been one long and busy week . Can't wait to come home and just SIT tonight and then SLEEP with no alarm . Sigh . Sounds so good . 
is having a quiet , restful day working from my couch while watching movies on TV . Ah , calmness at last . 
truly enjoyed the unseasonably outstandingly gorgeous day today in NYC . I know that it is a sign of climate change but I was really okay with the 65 degree day at the end of November . Though I do wish the first snow would come - I can't wait for that !! 
is hitting the week running . Quick three day work week , Turkey Day , and 5am shopping on Black Friday . 
is pondering the new possibilities that have come my way - and it's only Monday . 
is thinking of moving to an apartment in Queens . Lots to think about . 
is watching early morning re-runs of the best TV show EVER - The West Wing . I'm amazed at the foresight and insight of these writers . FABULOUSLY INCREDIBLE ! 
is pondering the question ... to parade or not to parade . hmmmm 
is celebrating all the amazing people and blessings in my life . Happy Thanksgiving to you and your's . 
Yes , I was at Target at 5:05 . Yes , I waited in the line that wrapped around the block . Yes , I got what I went for . And yes , I will be vegging on the couch for most of the day due to lack of sleep . :) 
heard that there is a quote from a sports commentator on ESPN about college basketball , \Portland didn't beat UCLA last night ... they embarrassed them ! \ " Oh SNAP ! GO University of Portland Pilots ! " 
can't believe it is the last day of November . WHAT !? Crazy talk . 
is starting December bright and early in an attempt to get more done then is probably possible . But I like a challenge . ;) 
is headed out for another full day of work . Not even the nasty weather can slow me down !! :) 
is super grateful that it is Friday . And excited to make cookie dough tonight for baking tomorrow . Holiday snickerdoodles here I come . 
has a busy week - work , auditions , seeing friends , and ... STARTING THE MOVE ! Thankful for lots of time to do the painting and such before I move myself . And of course ... preparing to go home next week . :) 
is having dinner at the new apartment with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . YAY ! 
is coming to Portland February 5th - 12th . There needs to be a shindig . < PROPFEMALE > Hochstein , < PROPFEMALE > Jones ... GO ! :) 
is California bound in less then four days . Until then ... running around doing errands , painting , doing my Christmas shopping ( I haven't even started yet - WHOOPS ! ) , etc . etc . etc . :D 
is going to be fighting the time clock of the incoming storm to get things done . Bring it on , Old Man Winter ! I'll get it all done today and be ready to LOVE the blizzard you are bringing in tomorrow . YAY FOR SNOW !!!! 
is 36000 feet up and loving inflight internet . Thank you Google and Virgin < PROPFEMALE > !! 
is adjusting to PST . In Cali for the week . It was nice to walk off the plane and not really need a jacket , mist not withstanding . :) 
is getting REALLY excited !!! 
is wishing you and your's a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! I hope it's a day full of joy and love . 
is spending one last day in Cali . On the red eye back to NYC tonight . 
is in the final push of the move . Last paint touchups ( for now ) , last trip to the Brooklyn apartment and a few errands and then finally putting my room in order . 
is starting 2010 out with a packed week - filming , several kinds of work , a casting and dinner with friends . And somewhere in there hopefully finishing putting things away in my room now that I have some additional storage . Here goes . 
black 
is making tea , picking up my room and getting ready for a busy week of auditions . All while wearing an evening gown . Why ? Because I can . :) 
had forgotten about the boredom that comes while sitting at AEA . At least there is hope of being seen for both auditions today . ROCKIN'! 
HATES completely forgetting things until hours too late . Damn . Since the audition this morning went well I'm gonna say that today ends in a tie - Monday 1 , < PROPFIRST > 1 . Here's to beating Tuesday . 
is super tired . But ... I CONQUERED Tuesday . Wednesday , here I come . 
had lunch with some Placervillian/New Yorkers , working the afternoon away while watching < PROPFIRST > , back out to church , then home to watch the < PROPFEMALE > Globes and prep for another full week of auditions . 
is watching the < PROPFEMALE > Globes with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Darkness cannot drive out darkness ; only light can do that . Hate cannot drive out hate ; only love can do that . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
is a little disgusted with myself . I've been up and legitimately working since 5am . I need help . 
is missing < PROPFIRST > Monahan and < PROPFEMALE > White . No specific reason other then they are AWESOME and I wish they lived closer . And < PROPFIRST > , if your response to this is for me to move home , I'm going to tell you to move to the NY countryside . :D 
is wondering just when I will get around to my laundry . It's been about week since I started saying I need to do it but work is completely obsorbing my life . Ah well . Maybe tonight . Maybe tomorrow . 
has had her day totally changed . From two auditions that turned away non-equity before 10am to temp work that got far enough along yesterday to not need me today . Now taking some time to catch up on other things before heading home to do the much needed laundry and room cleaning . 
is having basically the most productive Saturday ever . So far . :) 
just bought the Hope for Haiti Album . Go to iTunes and get it now - 20 songs from the telethon and all the money goes to the cause that has already raised over 57 million dollars for Haiti . 
is trying to start the week off with some super duper productivity . Half way through the day it's going ... so so . 
would like to know how I missed that Hootie is doing country music now . Who knew !?!?!? 
would love to hear people's opinions on my doppleganger ' cause people don't really tell me I look like anyone . 
is , in honor of my good friend < PROPFEMALE > Jones and my nephew < PROPFIRST > , co-hosting an event tomorrow night for American Heart Association NYC Young Professionals . The < PROPFIRST > are staggering of the lives that heart disease and strokes effect . I'd love to see you there to catchup and celebrate this AMAZING cause . We truly can make a difference but it's gonna take us all . 
is co-hosting an event tonight for the American Heart Association NYC Young Professionals to kick off Heart Month . Come support this amazing cause ! ( info is on my profile ) . 
:D Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste THIS as your status and then the FIRST entry for your name under comments . 
is Portland bound in 49.5 hours . That's right ... I said 49.5 . :) 
is getting on a plane bound for Portland . Ready or not .... :) 
is super excited to be back at The Well tomorrow . Will I see you there ? 
is wearing sunglasses in Portland in February . This is AWESOME !!! 
had a GREAT birthday ! Thanks to everyone for the well wishes and to everyone who came out to dinner last night . It was really really fun . Hopefully I'll see you NYC'ers at Fat Baby on Saturday to wrap this party up . :) 
is celebrating National 211 Day with 211info of Oregon . Have you heard of 211 ? If not , let me know and I will fill you in because , frankly , EVERYONE needs to know about it . 
just found out I am on IMDB ( The International Movie Database ) for a short film I did in Portland . It's just kind of cool . :) 
has never wanted chocolate as bad as I do today . That's what I get for giving it up for Lent . 39 days and counting . ;) 
is going to be totally vague and completely passive aggressive and just put it out there that I am SUPER annoyed and really wish people could grow up and take care of their responsibilities . GAH ! ( and no , I won't say more on here cause that would just be totally inappropriate ;) ) 
is five days from moving to Connecticutt for 2 months . SOOOOOO much yet to do but ... at least there are still five days . :) 
has four days 
is thinking \it had to start snowing the day I have my first audition for a new agency and my showcase . \ " * sigh * This is going to mean some SERIOUS attire planning . " 
is really bummed that I can't be in two places at once for just one day . That would be really nice right now . 
Wednesday . Wed nes day . we n z day . e nz day . Wednesday . Yeah . It's pretty much like that . 
is thinking ... Friday ??! Already ?!?! Wait - does that mean anything ? Nope . No it doesn't . Working all weekend will do that to your Friday . 
wonders ... do you need a web presenter for your website ? HIRE ME . Check it out http://bellhd.com/web_video_presenters/usa/portfolio/whitney-35 
is SUPER \le tired\ " ( and not at the fault of losing an hour of my day ) . BUT THE SHOW MUST GO ON . Literally . Final rehearsals this afternoon and opening tomorrow morning . " 
feels as if she is in a time warp of sometime . Have I really only been in CT for three weeks !?!? Was I really in the city only five days ago !?!? Was our final dress rehearsal only a week ago !?!? This is going to be an interesting day I think . 
is not sure at all what day of the week it is . It frankly doesn't matter much but ... I really have absolutely no sense of it anymore . 
FRIDAY !?!?!? How did that happen !?!?!? 
can't for the life of me get motivated to do all the work I should be doing this weekend . It was supposed to be a weekend of catch up and I haven't caught up on anything yet . Gonna go try and drum up some fire . If you have any extra , please send it my way . :) 
has a double today so it's gonna be a long day . You try forming a conspiracy , killing Caesar , fighting a battle and killing yourself twice in one day . It's not as easy as it sounds . 
is at the office all day then getting on an NYC bound train to celebrate Easter weekend in the city . Will I see you there ? 
has had an AWESOME weekend of theatre going . I STRONGLY recommend both Havana Journal , 2004 at Theater for the New City( http://www.theaterforthenewcity.net/havana.htm ) & Hamlet , The < PROPMALE > of Denmark at the World Financial Center ( http://newyorkclassical.org/current.php ) . Go as soon as you can . If you want more info on them , let me know , I'll happily tell you more why I am recommending . But seriously .. JUST GO !! 
had a killer long day but had a great time at The Journey services with good friends and lots of people coming to celebrate Easter . Now ... back in CT , ready to start a new week full of shows . But first ... a few hours of sleep . :) 
has had a super productive afternoon after a morning show but still can't find the motivation to put on my shoes and walk to the market for milk . Sometimes , it's the little simple things that don't get done . Maybe in five minutes ... 
is having a day that defines the saying \the show must go on . \ " and it's not even 5am yet . But onward we must go . " 
is tired , it's true . But the day must go on . Two shows must happen . Rehearsal must happen . It will all happen . And I will be there with bells on . :) 
has discovered the East Coast equivalent of In ' N Out Burger : Five Guys ! Super good . Not in ' N Out Burger good but will do for now . :) 
taught at a school today where there were no bells and the schedule was setup so that one classed ended at the exact time the next was supposed to start . Not having bells was nice but somehow I think the teachers are missing out on some teaching time in this setup . 
is bored and wishes it was warmer outside so I could go read in the park . Reading at home just doesn't sound as nice . 
has no cable in CT so how am I getting my SVU fix !?!?! NETFLIX !! Yes , I am that obsessed . Starting with the pilot and working my way through . Thank goodness for Instant Play . 
is having one of those days where your frustrated beyond belief but you know that the new frustrations are actually better then the old frustrations and that the new frustrations are actually bringing you closer to the end goal . But new or not ... they are still frustrations so this is me being mad for two minutes about it all !!!! WHERE ARE THE OREOS !!?!?!?!?!? 
is saying \Hello Thursday . How are you today ? \"" 
just knows ... it's gonna be one of THOSE days . 
had an incredible Saturday . And is really glad that there will be no alarm for waking up on Sunday . Oh yeah ... that'll be nice . 
is having a GOOD day !! :) 
is spending the day adding \window display designer\ " to my event and general skills resume . " 
is celebrating Shakespeare's birthday by working at Shakesperience all day , throwing him a birthday party of sorts tonight ( company fundraiser ) and generally envying my mom and aunt who are sitting on a beach in Hawaii ( which has nothing to do with the Bard but if I were with them , I could be reading his works on the beach and that would be kind of awesome ) 
has 18 things on my To Do List for today with a meeting and an event tonight to cap it all off . MMMMMM ... Gonna be a busy day . 
had a great time at Beer and the Bard tonight . And the afterparty at Grand Street Bistro was awesome . Thanks , y'all . Thems was good times . :) 
is up before < PROPFEMALE > so that Caesar may die today ... twice . DOUBLE HERE WE COME !! 
is looking out at the pitch black of the morning , trying to dig deep and prepare for today . THREE shows of Caesar and a class to teach this afternoon . Yep . That's the life . 
has a full day of workshops and then the first public performance of < PROPMALE > Caesar tonight in Waterbury . The week is almost done . 
taught a group of SEVENTH graders today who , I learned after the class from the teacher , are , as the advanced students , being taught COLLEGE MATERIAL !!!! WHAT ?!?!?!? COME ON !!! 
SHOW TIME !! 
is head out to kill Caesar one last time . Closing show of < PROPMALE > Caesar HERE WE COME !!! 
is now in a mad dash to finish a project in the next four days . It won't be easy but ... I said it would get done and you know what ... somehow ... it's gonna get done . 
just had some students back me up with \GIRLS RULE AND BOYS DROOL !! \ " Man ! I haven't heard that in so long . " 
is recognizing National Nursing Day by givig a FB shout out to all the nurses in my life . THANK YOU for doing what you do !! 
is at the beginning stages of what may be an all nighter , or close to it , thanks to my first midnight movie opening . IRON MAN 2 HERE WE COME !!! And I'm ok if that makes me a little bit of nerd . :) 
would just like to say ... if you liked Iron Man 1 , you will most likely LOVE Iron Man 2 . It was pretty kick bomb . :) 
is spending her last night in CT finishing up a project and packing . The exciting times of Waterbury , CT . See you tomorrow NYC !!! 
is home !! And taking a moment ... \oh my shoes . How I have missed you . \ " :P " 
can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > White on SNL !!!! 
has officially hit \EXHAUSTED\ " . My room is still in shambles but \ " mostly\ " put away . Tomorrow ??? Time to hit the ground running on auditions . And a handful of errands . And lots of other work to catch up on . Oh it's not gonna end ... the exhaustion that is . I'm so grateful that I actually LOVE what I do . :) " 
has found the cure exhaustion : sleep all afternoon and then ... Go to bed . Tomorrow should be kind of awesome with so much sleep user my belt . :) 
just booked five days of work on Rescue Me !!! Dreams really do come true !! 
is off to work , a late lunch with a friend , errands , other work and finally an agent meeting tonight . Feeling very blessed for all that I have to do , weird as that may sound . 
after morning errands , is off to the Union Square Market , brunch/early lunch with a friend , home and then back out to Antigravity Yoga !!! So excited for that ! 
had a great night last night . Now on to Sunday ... errands , brunch in Brooklyn , more errands , work and church . Up early tomorrow for Rescue Me ! 
NEEDS MORE HOURS IN THIS DAY !!! There just aren't enough it feels . 
is \Rescue Me\ " bound ! Day 1 here we go . " 
had a long day on set . Home now to work and prep . Back to set tomorrow . 
is wishing a Happy Election Day to all my friends in Portland ( don't forget to vote !! ) as I ride off to day 2 of Rescue Me ( the rough life of sitting around all day waiting :D ) . 
feels run ragged . Bleh . Hate feeling this tired . 
up again and getting things done before heading to day 3 . 
.... day 4 . 
is on to a different life today . Switched with a snap of the fingers . 
is three days away from California . I'll be there for two weeks . Would love to see people . Let me know if you are around ! 
is watching Blind Side ( again ) with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > - YAY for friends coming to visit and for amazing movies . 
has a lot to do in the next day and a half . But that's how I like it . :) 
working this morning , packing over lunch and the early afternoon , then heading to CA . That's right , my place leaves in 10 hours and I haven't started packing yet . I'm just that good at it . :) 
is on a jet plane . Toodles NYC . See you in 6 hours Cali . 
had a great night with friends , new and old . These are the good times . :) 
REALLY hates when the library website DELETES the research list that took you over an HOUR to sift through and choose from . That's what I get for trying to work ahead of myself . 
is off to Ashland with Mom for the day . Back to Cali tomorrow . 
is wishing my momma , < PROPFEMALE > Turner Egbert a very very happy birthday !!! ( and everyone else should too :P ) 
is enjoying one more day of California sun before heading back to NYC tonight . See you in the morning NYC !!! 
really does need to learn to check if her flight is delayed BEFORE leaving for the airport , especially when on the last flight of the day . Ah well . 40 minute delay and then on to NYC . 
is making it known ... I'll be in Portland for the month of July . So ... I better see EVERYONE !! 
is looking for a subletter for the month of July . Great place for those moving to NYC while they look for a permanent home or someone needing time to find a new place . Room is fully furnished . Message me for more details . PLEASE PASS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS !! 
is looking for a subletter for the month of July , with an extension possible into August . Great place for those moving to NYC while they look for a permanent home or someone needing time to find a new place . Room is fully furnished . Message me for more details . PLEASE PASS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS !! 
has one week until I head to Portland , found a subletter , had a week with some great auditions and is loving the great weather in the city lately . Yep ... it's a good day . :) 
has a week full of work , auditions and packing . If you wanna see me in NYC , better make it quick - I leave on Friday for five weeks . Portland ... the plan making starts .... NOW ! :) 
loves it when things click together in your brain on something that you've been mulling for a long time . Man ... that CLICK is good ! :) 
leaves for Portland in 36 hours . In that time I have to actually pack ( GAH ! ) , work and drive to CT to see my friends in a show . And here we go ! 
is finally Portland bound . See you in August NYC . 
is physically in Oregon , mentally and emotionally in California . Headed to the Gorge for a day of very Oregon peacfulness/craziness with some friends . 
is at Prost on Mississippi for the game then off to the Gorge . Oh Portland how I love you . 
feels a little surreal , sitting in the room I lived in for 2 plus years ending over a year ago and am now living in again for a month , working on my laptop and building the TO DO lists for the week/tomorrow . Man ... my mind ... million < PROPMALE > a minute . 
has a PACKED day and loves it ! Work at 211info first , then a visit to < PROPFIRST > Artists Inc . to see some AMAZING ladies that work super hard for us actors/models , then on to see my friend Mrs. Jeromi Elysha Gleason and her sweet baby , then on to a workout class and ( hopefully ) hash run with < PROPFEMALE > Hochstein . And some people thought I was going on vacation . :) 
dinner with the girls tonight after a long day at the office . yep , some days , that's life . the good life that is . :) 
is thinking ... \July 1 ??!?!?!?!?! How did THAT happen ? \"" 
is remembering my grandmother today by doing something she loved dearly - getting my hair done ! Yeah , my grandma was super cool . \ 
\ 
For those that met/knew this amazing woman , she passed away Monday from pancreatic cancer . Services are Saturday , July 10th in Placerville . 
is starting a full Saturday - a little bit of this , a little bit of that . Should be pretty good . 
is hoping everyone has a fun and safe fourth . Don't do anything stupid y'all!! ( watch , now it'll be me that has something stupid happen to them :P ) 
is packing up from a long day at the office , headed to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Ramsey in downtown then home to pack . One more office day then to Cali for the weekend . I'll sleep NEXT weekend . 
is in California , remembering and honoring my amazing Grandma , < PROPFEMALE > Turner . She is loved and will be missed . \ 
For those who want to come , services are tomorrow , Saturday , July 10 , at 1pm at Federated Church in Placerville . 
is Portland bound . 
work work work audition work work work workout eat read sleep repeat 
crossed to the \dark side\ " and joined twitter - I guess I'm supposed to say \ " follow me at @whitneyje \ " I'm already having second thoughts " 
is really just ... yeah ... um ... i don't know . \ 
no really - that's exactly it at the moment . you know , it's ... one of those moments that you just can't really explain but you know ... it's a moment . 
is getting inspired and renewed and ready to go . 14 more minutes and then ... LOOK OUT . 
is looking forward to an afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > Hochstein and < PROPFEMALE > Smith - it's gonna be awesome friend time . 
Some mornings start with a fabulous bang . Some mornings , however , like this one , start with a fizzle and \can't I just do nothing for at least a while ?!? \ " But blessed and thankful to here and up and at it . Time to conquer Tuesday ! " 
is headed to Oneonta Falls with @ < PROPFEMALE > Hochstein and @ < PROPFEMALE > Smith . It's gonna be AWESOME !! 
indeed had a splendid day . behind on work now but ... that can be handled tomorrow . :) 
has two days left in Portland . Home to NYC on the Tuesday night red eye . May need to not sleep between now and then to get everything done but ... hey , that's how it goes sometimes . 
is on my last day in Portland ! Five weeks seems to have flown by . I'm gonna miss all you crazy Ptown folks . See you NYCers tomorrow . 
For Portland ! RT @211info : August 13th check out the < PROPFEMALE > Garcia Wellness Fair ( call 503-352-8612 for more details ) http://ow.ly/2kptl 
was up and working early ( that's what I get for having so much to do ) , workout later , then to a casting , then back home to work some more . Looking forward to the salmon from Trader < PROPFIRST>'s for dinner . mmmmm . 
Forgot how much fun going to castings can be . Here I go . WEE !! 
has a Wednesday like this : VH1 casting , lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Hall , swinging by a theatre audition to see if I can get seen , some work while I wait ( gotta love telecommuting !! ) , two workout classes ( if I can survive ) and home to maybe actually clean my room ( desperately needed !! ) . Yeah ... it's gonna be good . :) 
: there are people doing jumping jacks in the holding room right now . WHY !??!!? 
really wishes there was a pill or cream or protein shake you could take , apply or drink on those days where as an actor your just not in your groove . Man that would be nice . 
is already having a great day . It's payday , I'm gonna get seen at two auditions and I found an affordable place to have my heels retipped . Man I am blessed !! 
knows I should go to bed because I'm supposed to be going to an audition tomorrow but ... I don't really want to sleep right now . This was kind of a totally awesome day and I'm still wide awake . 
appreciates getting seen at auditions early in the day . Looks like today is going to be one of those days . :) 
is looking forward to a productive day . Audition - done ( before 10am ! ) . Errands - now . Finally putting my room back in order and getting < PROPMALE > amounts of work done - coming up . Smile on my face - OF COURSE !! :) 
loves my friends . Sometimes more than others . ;) Like when we have conversations that highlight something I knew cognitively but wasn't motivated to do until that talk . Thank you for being my friends . I love you . 
loves surprises . 
is headed to a sun salutations class despite the fact that there is no sun out . Maybe it'll act like a reverse rain dance or a calling of the sun dance . Yeah .... That'd be nice . 
\oh what a beautiful morning . Oh what a beautiful day . \ " doesn't get much better than this . Hope all you NYC'ers are out of doors or at least looking out a window . " 
For all my friends wondering about the Rescue Me episode I worked on , it's not until next fall . They split the season in half this year so that the finale will be aired near the 10th anniversary of 9/11 . The episode this coming Tues is the final episode of the first half of the season . Thanks for wanting to see if you can spot me so much !! I love you guys too . :) 
having brunch at Dos Caminos , which just makes me think of home so ... This is my shout out to my Camino peeps ! Oh the good times . 
netflix on my phone ... depositing checks via my phone ... yeah , this is me re-falling in love with my iPhone . :) 
is headed to The Plaza with my $25 thrift store steal of a BCBG evening gown that < PROPFEMALE > made me buy for just such an occasion to meet up with 100 people I don't know to film background on The Goodwife for the next three days . Here's hoping we get to interact with the leads and semi-regulars , including my roommate . And here's to a room full of people in black tie . :) 
would like to share with all of you who are wondering ... Yes , < PROPFIRST > Noth is just as dashing in person as he looks on screen . :) 
Getting ready for day two on The Goodwife set . Friday will come an I will hurt but that's what long weekends are for . :) 
Sometimes getting up at 4:30 in the morning has benefits . Got through almost 40 emails of backlogged work , got ready , got a few things done at home and now I'm off to work on a tv show set . No matter what I say on the bad days , I really do love my life , know that I am blessed and am super grateful . 
is off to day three on set . Exhaustion may have officially set in but ... it's fun so I'll get over it . Maybe a nap in holding . hmmmm . :) 
Stilettos on . Clutch in hand . Night out in NYC here I come . Yes it's a Sunday . That's just how it falls sometimes . 
is trying for a better link . Please support congenital heart disease research by donating as my family and I walk in honor and memory of my nephew < PROPFIRST > ( and my friend < PROPFEMALE > Jones ) http://congenitalheartwalk.kintera.org/faf/r.asp?t=4&i=429994&u=429994-302903151 
Wednesday = yoga , chai tea , packing up a friend , central park , an audition and maybe a play . Life of an actor in the city . L-O-V-E it ! ( PS - have you made your donation yet !? Please help us support CHD research . No joke , even $5 makes a difference . Please donate at http://congenitalheartwalk.kintera.org/faf/r.asp?t=4&i=429994&u=429994-302903151 ) 
totally just walked by the woman who plays Stabler's wife on SVU strolling around in the city . Yep . That happens . 
saw < PROPFEMALE > Nixon last night . We saw the same play . I saw it for free . I imagine she probably did too . Might as well be the person . :P 
feels speechless about what to say on the 9 year anniversary . Never forget . 9/11/01 
refuses to submit to the cold that is trying to take cold . Instead I am up at 4:30 , off to a full day that won't end for over 12 hours only to come and somewhat repeat tomorrow . This is gonna hurt . 
From tragedy comes strength . The Twin Tower tribute lights piercing the pre-dawn sky will serve as my reminder . We remember , honor & endure 
thinks it's RIDICULOUS that it's only 3 and a half months until 2011 . What !?!? Weird . 
is 20 days away from the Congenital Heart Walk in Oakland , CA . Can you donate to support us in honor of my nephew < PROPFIRST > ? Every $5 counts . http://congenitalheartwalk.kintera.org/faf/r.asp?t=4&i=429994&u=429994-302903151 
is changing her plans for the third time today . I figure I'll know at the end of the day what I am doing today . That's just how it goes some days - roll with the punches . 
loves finding random West Wing marathons on tv . LOVE IT ! and that I work from home . :) #WestWing 
At the American Heart Association for the Young Professionals meeting . It's under 40s doing something . You should get involved . 
It's not enough to have a dream unless I'm willing to pursue it . It's not enough to know what's right unless I'm strong enough to do it . It's not enough to join the crowd , to be acknowledged and accepted . I must be true to my ideals , even if I'm excluded and rejected . It's not enough to\ 
learn the truth unless I also learn to live it .... It's not enough to reach for love unless I care enough to give it .  
is video conferencing with Oregon , emailing over a terminal server , and chatting with California about skyping all at the same time . Yep ... 21st century y'all . 
just cleared over half the emails in my work inbox . Still way too many in there but ... it's a start . 
has tons of working I should be doing but its been too long of a day . I'd rather sleep now and work at 4am . Yep , sounds like a plan . 
is oh so glad it's Friday . Even though I don't really have a weekend ... at least it will only be one job at a time . For the most part . 
feels renewed and refreshed . Now back to the grind . Audition , maybe brunch , gym , errands ... Today will be the definition of busy but that's who I am , how I was made . BRING IT ! :) 
went to bed super early so I could get up super early , do some work , now prepping to head to set . Today - Gossip Girl . Tomorrow - Goodwife . Sometimes , paying your dues and working in background leads to a funny life . Blessed , super super blessed . But funny . 
has very sore feet after a long day standing in heels . I finally figured something out - people are always shocked I wear heels to run events but I'm usually fine most of the event day so don't ever sweat it . Today I realized - if you keep moving , it doesn't hurt as bad . It's when you STOP and just stand that it feels like your feet are gonna fall off . \ 
Here's to hoping tomorrow is more moving and less standing . 
is on set in business clothes that I wear all the time . Keep getting confused as to what I am doing today and where I'm headed . Oh the mind games !! 
had a truly starstruck moment when < PROPFIRST > J . Fox walked on to set . Spent the next hour five feet from him watching him work , having him make one off jokes to me and some others . Yep ... Sometimes background work is totally awesome . 
is off to temping then to < PROPFEMALE > Hall ' s show at The Duplex ( I have an extra ticket reserved if anyone wants to join me !! ) and then hopefully to be a late arrival at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ' s birthday dinner . A day of celebrating friends - awesome !! 
is at Fiddlesticks for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday . Come < PROPFEMALE > out !! Text me for location if need be . 
has a < PROPMALE > pet peeve against theatre that doesn't start on time for a non-opening night show . So few excuses are acceptable . Just start on time ! 
heads to CA in three days . Oh it's gonna be good times !! 
is so OVER being sick . Done . Finito . Now I just need to learn how to get that message across to the cold germs in my body and we'll be all good . 
leaves for California in 48 hours . Two classes , a day of work , packing , cleaning and kicking a cold between now and then . Oh it's gonna happen . Don't you worry . :) 
is apparently already on west coast time . Which works when responding to emails late but not so much for getting up to go to temping in the AM . So much for the rest part of getting better . :( 
this Saturday I am walking in the Congenital Heart Disease walk in Oakland in my nephew < PROPFIRST>'s memory . Will you support me ? A donation of any amount - got a dollar !? I'll take it !! - is majorly appreciated . http://congenitalheartwalk.kintera.org/faf/r.asp?t=4&i=429994&u=429994-302903151 
heads to the airport in ... 7.5 hours . Have I packed yet ? NOPE . Have I cleaned yet ? NOPE . Done anything yet to prepare to leave ? NOPE . Eh . I got 7 plus hours . I'll be fine . :) 
2 days until bachlorette adventure day and 10 until my bff gets married . WOOOOOOOOO !! 
is finally on the road . NYC -> Sac . See ya soon Cali ! :) 
made it safe and sound to Sacramento . First on the agenda ... bachelorette adventure day final prep . Man I am excited . 
is headed to SF for < PROPFIRST>'s bachelorette day !!! 
is headed to the Congenital Heart Walk in Oakland with some of the fam . This is a doozie of a weekend but totally awesome at the same time . I'll sleep ... Some other time . 
is gonna have another craft project night . I get how people get obsessed with all this stuff but ... I think I'll stick to not being obsessed and just doing it for special occasions . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hochstein comes to California today !!! Time to show her and < PROPFEMALE > Smith Madrona Vineyards and good ole P'ville . A good day ahead for SURE ! 
going over to the ole High School to talk to some drama kids ( what ?!?!! ) then off to run errands with < PROPFIRST > Monahan - excitment is rising !! 
realized this morning that I took no pictures all weekend . * SIGH * Oh well . Guess I will steal them from other people . Now on to returning a bunch of stuff , laundry , packing and saying my good byes . Redeye home to NYC takes off a little too soon . 
Thought of the night : the problem with politics today is that the game runs the players , the players no longer run the game . Or something like that . ;) 
So since I missed his party , I'm callin out my friend < PROPMALE > Jones on my FB < PROPFEMALE > cause today is his REAL birthday . Happy birthday man . Hope 30 treats you good ! 
HIGHLY recommends The Shakespeare Forum - all NYC actors , if you are looking for some place to work on your Shakespeare monologues/materials , come check it out . Such a great place , people and work . Excited to go back as soon as I can . 
Off to take the LSATs again . Thank goodness this time it's just for a movie . Background on ' A Legal Mind ' all day . 
2Apple take 2 . 2Apple take 7 . 2Apple take 11 . 2B take 3 . 2B take 5 . No reason for this folks . No reason at all . Let's rap this up . 
pulled a 14 hour day on set , getting out just after 2am . Back up at 9:30 thanks to my internal clock that knows I can run on 5.5 hours sleep . Now it's time to make Saturday useful . First hour - productive . Next 8 - shooting for the same so that by the end of the day I am completely caught up , dare I dream a little ahead , and in bed early for an early morning tomorrow . 
Has rediscovered her groove . LOOK OUT ! :) 
you know you like your yoga class when it means you have to get up at 5:30 on a Monday to go . I like my yoga class . :) 
yoga - check . an hour of not working and just doing whatever - check . Time to work - check . gym - later . GG - after that . Busy Monday ahead but that's how I like it . Now that I have my groove back , maybe I'll actually walk away from today totally caught up . Oh wouldn't that be nice . 
three emails and five text messages later and I have just changed almost my entire week and weekend . Welcome to my life . 
had a very classic unexpected fabulous 3am kind of night with great friends last night . So why did my body wakeup at 8:15 with no alarm ?!?! * sigh * off to the library I go . 
would like to know why it is so FRIGIDLY COLD in the library . The books don't need the temp this low . I promise . 
is wearing gloves in the library today . The cold will NOT keep me from my research !!! 
is always amazed when things just fall into place . Blessings Blessings everywhere . 
Anyone in SLT or Kyburz have someplace that someone can stay ? Check out Kiva Walk - he is walking across the country and needs a place to rest for a night . Can you help !!?!? 
is abandoning NYC for the winter . Ok , not the whole winter . But half of November and all of December . Head to OR on November 11th , there until Dec 20 ( minus Turkey day in Cali ) . What I'm saying is ... if you live in OR and miss me or want to see me or something like that ... I've got time . :) Let me know . 
is working on my R&J script while listening to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in the background . It's awesome . 
Headed to CT to spend the weekend with the Shakesperience gents . Gonna be awesome . 
Used 211 services in 2 states this week 2 answer questions & get information I needed 2 help solve issues . Do u know about 211 ? No ? Ask me . 
was successful last night in going from 89 emails to 56 while watching a foreign fiilm with subtitles . Here's hoping today gets me through the rest of them and all the new ones that will come in . Hoping being the key word . 
At the Equity building in the early morning rain . Been a while since I did this but I'm here & it's gonna happen . Day of auditions/castings 
will use today as proof against those who insist there is no such thing as climate change . It is NOT normal for me , who is easily chilled , to be able to walk outside in NY at the end of October in a tank top , jeans and flip flops . Wonderful , for sure , but not normal I think . 
is not really sure what happened to Thursday but ... it's gone and I am on to Friday . Though since I am just still up it feels like Thursday . But it's not . 
Some days , it feels like nothing clicks , nothing happens , that you are at the same place at the end of the day as you were at the beginning . Today is NOT one of those days . 2 hours into my day and it's already been productive . And I haven't even left my house yet !! NO HO-HUMS TODAY !!! 
SOMEONE NEEDS TO BUY ME A COOKIE !! I finally got a meeting booked that I have literally been working on for a month . WOOOOO !!! 
And yes , I know that last post makes me sound like a dork . BUT YOU HAVE NO IDEA ! It's just a success moment I needed to share . 
is sitting around my room wearing my pearls while I work and play on FB and wondering ... can I wear black to a wedding without being \THAT girl\ " . Hmmmmmm . " 
motivation on a Saturday ? Nope . How to get myself up and at it ? Not sure yet . But don't you worry - I'll find it . :) 
cannot believe it's the last day on October . That means there is less then 1 day until November , 1 day until Mariya < PROPMALE > ' s wedding , 11 days until I leave NYC , 15 days until the national steering cmte mtg I am planning , 23 days until I head to CA , 41 days until a huge project is completed and , just for < PROPFIRST > Monahan-Cardwell , 55 days until Christmas . Whoa . Where did 2010 go !? :) 
Apparently doesn't need a costume . Put on a pair of 4inch heels and people stare cuz I'm suddenly 6'2\ and that's apparently weird to them . " 
my yoga teacher asked me after class if I used to be a swimmer . Nope - I'M AN ACTOR !! 
oh Monday . Welcome back . yoga - check . starbucks to work - check . Mariya < PROPMALE > ' s wedding with Indrina Kanth = awesome evening ahead . Looking to the rest of the week ... it's gonna be CAH-RAZY . But all good . And a wedding is so the right way to start it out . :) 
Hello Tuesday ! Morning full of research , studying and work . Afternoon full of scene rehearsal at Columbia , work and Shakespeare work/rehearsal . Yep yep . Go go . 
The voting process in NY needs a < PROPMALE > overhaul . 
finds the wee hours of the morning interesting . Home very late/early , can't sleep , what do I do ?! Have a cup of tea and do some work of course . Knowing I can't do too much coherently , I'm saving most for when I eventually wake up ( and by eventually I mean no later than 8am ) but ... definitely crossed a few things off . Will eventually actually go to sleep but ... for now ... I'm on FB . :) 
Today is an \I really am an actor\ " day - memorizing a scene & prepping for an audition . Antigone & Shakespeare . Life is so sweet . " 
hey Blazer fans !! Wanna sit front row at a game while supporting Street Roots !?!? Here is your < PROPMALE > ! http://streetrootsauction.org/content/front-row-seats-trail-blazers-vs-golden-state 
is off to do some temping , go to an audition I got called in for , then home for some work and a quiet Friday night . Unless , of course , plans change . Which they often do mid-day . :) 
woke up WIDE awake at 5:55 am after a very long , intense , confusing , random dream . Attempting to plan out my day . At least it's got a good early start . 
On FIRE !!! ( in the best possible ways ) :D 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAnd on to Monday we go . 
\twiddling my thumbs\ " on twitter because the people I'm temping for don't have their stuff together . Oy vey . " 
has three days left in NYC until New Year's Eve . \ 
That's weird . 
I relied on Starbucks to have functioning wi-fi and I was let down . Wah Wah . :( 
has one last night in NYC . Who's taking me out to dinner ? :) 
is so grateful for all my friends and family who are or were part of the military . Thank you to all the veterans and those currently serving here and abroad . You are our heros . Happy Veterans Day ! 
As we express our gratitude , we must never forget that \ 
the highest appreciation is not to utter words , but to live by them . - < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy 
If I die today it's because my cab driver was testing while driving . New appreciation for not doing that . #don'ttextanddrive 
To NYC : au revoir mon < PROPFEMALE > , mon amor , < PROPFEMALE > coeur . Je t'aime . From : me ( p.s. don't hate me if my French is < PROPMALE > ) 
In Portland for the next several weeks . What are you gonna do about it ? ;) 
is wishing all the best to my beautiful friend < PROPFEMALE > McManus and < PROPFIRST > ( who I'm sure is pretty too ) who welcomed baby < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > into the world early this morning . YAY !!! If you know her , go flood her wall with love . :) ( there's a picture there too ) 
really needs to get off East Coast time . Waking up before 4 can be cool and all but ... it's not anymore . Especially on the weekend . 
has officially fried the circuit that is my brain . 
The bigger the lemons , the sweeter the lemonade . And this weeks lemons are GINORMOUS . But the lemonade is so very worth it . 
is working on a great today . Hoping for a great weekend . And a great tomorrow . And a great yesterday . 
is praying I can get out in the morning . 7am flight , snow all night ... could be tricky . 
California bound . Back to Portland on Saturday . Jet Set !! 
morning of work , afternoon with grandpa , evening with my girls < PROPFIRST > Monahan-Cardwell and < PROPFEMALE > White - it's gonna be a good good day . :) 
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your's . I hope it's a day filled with joy , reflection on all the good things in your life , and celebration of where you are at . 
is having one of those days where it's great to have a phone with email on it . I can sit on the couch , read a book with the dogs around , answer emails as they come but otherwise ignore work . ( yes , I do that sometimes ;) ) . It's kind of magical . Happy Black Friday everyone . 
Sacramento to Portland . Emergency row seating . Quick flight then back to the grind . 
church this morning , some quick cooking , then to a second Thanksgiving with good friends . 
Blazer game during Friendsgiving . Yes please . #NBA #blazers 
VoiceOver work this morning , rest of day to cross things off the long ongoing to do list . 
Sometimes there are places that , when you walk in , you can't help but smile . The Mago Hunt Theatre at UP is one of those places for me . :) 
is really grateful I don't drink coffee . Especially during weeks like this where , if I did , I'm pretty sure I'd be so over caffinated I wouldn't be functional . 
My friends Sonequa < PROPFIRST > and Kenric Green are getting married today ! Sad I won't be there to celebrate but I so happy for them and wish them the best of days today and every day forward . 
Anyone know of a good yoga class in Portland , Oregon ? 
is in the middle of building an entire office space out of Ikea furniture . It's not as cool as it sounds . I mean ... It's cool . Just not as cool as it sounds . :) 
Will be building furniture all afternoon . If anyone wants to help , call , text or FB me . Near NE 82nd and Halsey . 
What goes up must come down . What gets planned must get changed . Embrace it . Love it . Just go with it . Stressing sure ain't gonna help . :) 
wants to yell and scream but won't . It's not professional . Or nice . But I still want to . :) 
211info is officially live and operational in our new home on NE 81st . WOO !! 
has exactly one week left in Portland . Let's make plans . 
Dressed down for a morning of errands . Dressing up later for a night at a fancy party . #lovemylife :) 
wishes changing flights didn't cost so much . It wouldn't change anything but I wish I was in CA . 
has one last day in Portland . Packing , last minute friend catch-ups , maybe some Christmas shopping ... full day with very little work included . CA bound tonight . 
6 months ago , my Grandma passed away . Last Saturday , my Grandpa also passed away . Today , I am honoring Grandma by baking Christmas coookies ( something she and I used to do ) with 4 of my cousins and honoring Grandpa by making a mess while doing it ( something he always harassed me about ) . We miss them terribly and hopefully today will bring us all joy in their memory . 
would like to know why pumpkin pie has stopped being the staple dessert at all family holiday gatherings . I like innovation and all that but ... not when it means the loss of pumpkin pie . 
kind of wishes I was in NYC for all the snow . Yes , it makes getting around harder , but it's still awesome . Hopefully we will get some more after Friday . 
LOVED ' The < PROPMALE>'s Speech ' . Go see it go see it go see it !! 
Ok NYCers . I get back just in time for new years < PROPFEMALE > . What are we doing this year ?!? :) 
Today was ... A day . Celebrating the life of my grandpa , < PROPMALE > Turner , hearing new stories about his life but mourning his loss . He was an AMAZING man . Enjoying the time surrounded by family , sad to leave but glad to be going home to NYC . On the first Jetblue flight from Sac to NYC since 12/26 . Exchanged my aisle seat for an extra leg room middle seat so a family can sit together . Yep ... A day . 
I'm back in NYC for the next five weeks . What are you gonna do about it ? :) 
time to get back to work . Today is my work from home , catch up on everything , hit the grocery store when it is on the empty side day . Should be good . :) 
2011 Day 1&2 : r&r\ 
Day 3 : get up to speed & self-investment\ 
Day 4 : audition ( aka waiting & hoping)\ 
Deep breath in ... Out . \ 
Go ! 
Day 5 : work a little , casting , work a little more , Journey video shoot , more work this evening . Trying to not get behind is never fun . 
Really love when casting says they are \looking forward\ " to seeing you . Can't be a bad thing ! #lovemylife " 
been sitting at a computer all day , doing nothing because I am demoing for Skype calls that just aren't coming in . At least I get to be online and do my own work . Multi-tasking is my middle name !! :) 
Yes , it's snowing in NYC . And I love it ! A tinge worried about getting home but ... Worse comes to worst I'll walk and it'll be amazing . :) 
I think today might be a sign that I have pushed my multi-tasking past it's limit . Not sure what to do less of but ... something's gotta give . Ideas welcome . :) 
Really ?!? You call me at 10pm on a Friday night to tell me I'm cast ?!? I mean , thank you but ... You could have called tomorrow . #justsayin 
@TheShakesForum helped me refine a monologue that just got me cast in The Shakespeare Monologue Festival . They can help u 2 . Check em out ! 
Still dumbfounded by yesterday's AZ tragedy . Speechless at some of the garbage being said in the aftermath . Can we please be human family ? 
today is my first day of work on The Good Wife set as an AFTRA member . That's just fun to say . :) 
which is more important : the audition I might not be seen at but if I do could mean a great gig OR making more headway on the backlog of work for two separate jobs ? I choose ... DOOR NUMBER THREE - doing it all ! Yep . That's my life . Tomorrow is gonna hurt but should be good . 
Sitting on my couch in NYC and I see an #NBA commercial about the PDX #Blazers . That was fun . 
Gonna go workout with some marines . No really . We're hardcore in NYC :) 
is off to another whooping at boto camp . My muscles still hurt from Friday but ... someday it'll be easier , right ? :) 
I would really love to NOT have blisters on my hands but the marines and their monkey bars seem fully set against me . Essential oils here I come . :) 
This is the street outside my window right now . Can't wait to see it in the morning . #snow #nyc #lovemylife http://ow.ly/i/7zEw 
6:30 am view out my window . It's stopped snowing and the roads have been plowed . Still gonna be a mess today . http://ow.ly/i/7A2C 
Out the back is even better ! Love it ! http://ow.ly/i/7A3x stairs : http://ow.ly/i/7A3C roofs : http://ow.ly/i/7A3I http://ow.ly/i/7A3K 
has discovered the best part of owning knee high rain boots - the ability to walk through all the big puddles that everyone else is avoiding . Being able to walk across a street in a straight line has never made me smirk so much . :) 
Forcing myself out of bed - done . Boot Camp workout - done . 13 block walk to justify my Starbucks after a workout - done . Rest of the day - work from Starbucks , work from home , bed early to let my body recover and not be so mad at me . Socially lame for a Friday ? Probably . But I still love my life . :) 
Cause this makes total sense for the middle of a sidewalk . #snow #fail http://ow.ly/i/7CIG 
Four days until I head to Portland . Lots to do between now and then . Portland peeps - see you next weekend ! 
Headed to 45th St Theatre for final Shakespeare Monologue Festival . Come see ! Tickets at smarttix.com or at the door . 
things are starting to loom : PDX in 3 days most immediately and CT for 10 weeks in 25 days . NAIL BITER ! First hurtle to jump : PACKING . :( 
for those of you who would like to know just how cold it is in NYC ... I was outside at 1pm today - it was raining - I was using an umbrella - it was so cold when I got inside and closed my umbrella , it had a layer of ice on it . Yeah . It's cold here . 
Today is the start of American Heart Month . No matter how young or old , it's important to know your health #s . Get informed & involved . 
leaves for Portland in less than 24 hours . Looking forward to NOT 20degree weather and not talking about the weather anymore . I'm there for 10 days - if you want to see me , you gotta let me know so we can try and get something on the books . 
I HEART MY HEART - Tomorrow , February 4 , is National Wear Red Day . It's a day to wear your favorite red clothes or accessorya red blouse , dress pin , fabulous handbag , lipstick , tie , or even socks . Go red to show your support for women and the fight against heart disease . Protecting your health and supporting others : now that's great style that touches all of our hearts ! 
New York -> Portland\ 
Subletter moved in . Bags packed . 3am wakeup . 6am flight . At work in Portland by noon . I think I'll be tired tonight . :) 
HELLO PORTLAND ! 
date night with the fabulous < PROPFEMALE > Hochstein - seeing Black Swan and then on to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Hamilton and her pals from Seattle . Gonna be a good good night in Portland y'all . :) 
Hey Portland ! Are you coming to the event at 211info this Friday !? Well ... YOU SHOULD ! RSVP at http://211infoannualevent.eventbrite.com 
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY !!! WOO HOO !! 
Hey Portland friends ! We are going to < PROPFEMALE > Bar tonight for happy hour drinks and food . Maybe dinner there or somewhere else not too far after . Come join if you can - 5pm at < PROPFEMALE > Bar on 23rd ( connected to Papa Haydn's ) . Text me if you want to join later to see if we are out and where we are . YAY BIRTHDAYS !!! 
Portlanders .... happy hour tomorrow at 211info's Open House . Stop by at : 1435 NE 81st Ave . ( just off Halsey ) at 5:30 tomorrow ! 
Looking for a room in NYC ? Know someone who is ? I need a subletter for 2 months - check out my note for details . 
For the first time in my adult life , I FORGOT to call my Dad ON his birthday . Card and gift sent but the day of call ... I forgot . So , to make up for it ... HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY TO < PROPFIRST > Egbert . Hope you had a great day and I'll call you from my layover . :) 
Wait what time is it ? What day ? What coast am I on ? It's gonna be a long day but I'll end in NYC just in time for The Shakespeare Forum ... Good day ahead !! :) 
Called in last minute for The Good Wife . Last minute day on set - not so bad . :) 
headed to Staunton , VA , for a long weekend seeing shows at American Shakespeare Center and working on things long overdue in what will hopefully be a little bit of peace and quiet and Shakespeare overload . :) 
Are you looking for a new place to go for a weekend away ? Head to Staunton , VA , and check out the shows happening at the American Shakespeare Center cause they are AMAZING !! Phenomenal , incredible , lovely . Can I just stay here and watch more of these super talented people work !?!? :) 
Had a great working vacation long weekend . Now on to running between CT and NYC for the next few days . Work starts Monday . 
This morning I found myself alone in an NYC subway train car . What did I do ? Unplugged the headphones , blasted some music and danced around . It was awesome . 
There are moments in your life when you remember what life is meant to be about and what you want your's to be about . A good conversation recently reminded me of some of those things . I'm looking at each new thing that comes along in light of that . It's a good thing . 
I'm one of those people who just accepts that sometimes I'm going to say , write or do something dumb . It's that or not be me . I choose me . 
I'm running away to join the circus . I mean ... My fellow teachers and < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > cast . I mean ... We might technically qualify as a circus troupe . But it's Shakespeare and we love it . :) \ 
CT until May . See you then NYC . 
It's been less than a week but I might be officially obsessed with both < PROPFEMALE > and Mumford & Sons . Maybe . Possibly . Not sure how to be sure . But doesn't matter . I like it . 
Today marked my return to teaching . I love what experience under your belt and another year of life does for your skills . Not to brag but ... TODAY WAS AWESOME !! Now back to work - 3 more workshops and a play to open yet . BRING IT ! 
Someone just told me it's Friday - can someone translate that to actor speak for me ? Two days off in a row - what's that ? 
Hey people in the NorCal area !! There's a kick bomb ESTATE SALE going on at my grandparents house . Lots of wonderful things - basic household goods and furniture but many beautiful collectibles as well - < PROPFEMALE > , fine < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE>'s Bears , holiday decorations - and a garage full of goodies for the diy crowd . Today and Sunday from 9 until 3 . 2759 Hawks Landing Court in Placerville . CHECK IT OUT ! 
Social media is a tricky game . And I don't like where my game with it has gone . So , while I am in rehearsals , I am giving it up . Won't be easy but ... necessary . If you want to know about how things are going , text me , email me or * gasp * call me . It'll be good for us . :) Otherwise , see you on 3/18 . 
Was in one of the company vans and changed the radio channel and came in mid-song on Mumford & Sons . It was a nice boost to my morning . 
After 12 days , one badly banged up knee , 5 bumps on the head , 3 scraped up fingers , a dagger scratched nose , a mysteriously scratched forehead , a sliced wrist , a bruised foot and an extremely ripped pair of jeans ... < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > opens in the morning !! Let the whirlwind continue ! 
Hi ho hi ho it's off to Rhode Island we go . Opening day of the < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > tour starts with two shows in RI . Here we go ! 
Hey NYC peeps . If you wanna get out of the city for a few hours , come to Waterbury April 8th or 9th for our public shows of < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . Show starts at 7pm and runs about an hour . $12 for adults . 
Spending time on the roof in the sunshine in my flip flops . It's awesome . 
It's a two show kind of day , with a class to teach after the first show . And the second show will have a new set layout . Things are never dull here . :) 
1st show had it's bumps . And after a bad fall , I have a new bump on my knee that was ALMOST healed . Beseeching on my knees just got harder . 
After teaching at a residency ( aka an hour & a half helping girls with their lines amidst somewhat chaos ) , setting up our set , doing R&J and finally taking down our set while girls softball started warmups in the same space , I am ready to just kick back . But that ain't life yo . So back to the studio I go for improv/comedy night rehearsal . Some how the boys talked me into participating . We shall see how that goes . 
I think I might need to read this book http://ow.ly/i/9xD0 
why is it so cold in our apartment ?!?!!? 
comedy show parody :\ 
\if I was star-crossed I'd be your lovah\ " \ 
Thought about going to the gym earlier . Decided to go roller skating instead . Yeah that's right - roller skating . At the roller rink . Sweet 
Made from scratch brownies in oven . Chicken/veggie stir fry finishing on stove . Laundry in . Dishes done . Just call me < PROPFEMALE > Homemaker . :) 
In a world where the #1 birth defect is some form of congenital heart disease , where a 21 year old woman needs a pace maker or where a 27 year old guy can have a heart attack , heart disease ain't just an \old white guy\ " problem . Heart disease is the #1 killer in the U.S. 1 out of 3 women will be affected and 1 out of 5 men . Every 34 seconds a person dies from this disease . Educate yourself and those around you . " 
Just used a line from R&J in a note without having to try and think of it . It was just there being typed . I think I have crossed that unseen line into nerd-dom . AND I LIKE IT ! :) 
Today = crazy talk . Three shows , two schools , tightest turnaround yet , 5:45 am call time ... yep crazy talk . It's days like this when loving what you do becomes/is vitally important . 
REMINDER NYC PEEPS : This weekend are the shows in Waterbury of R&J . It's a super easy 2 hour train ride on the Metro North to get here . Consider it an afternoon vacation from the city . Friday or Saturday . Come up and see me ! :) 
Ah exhaustion . Welcome back to my life . Not glad you're here , sorry to say and I hope you don't stay long but ... yes , I see that you have arrived . 
Headed to NYC for an audition tomorrow . Have an hour before and an hour after free . Who wants to have coffee or a quick bite in the 54th & 8th or Grand Central region of downtown ? :) 
Two hour train ride into the city , an hour downtime , a 10 minute ( MAYBE that long ) audition , an hour for a quick lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Hall , two hour train ride back to Waterbury , head to the studio to help out with a show . Yep ... life of an actor . It's good . ;) 
Why is it that every time there's a Blazer game on , it's not on until 10 or 10:30 pm when I have a 5something AM call ?!? Just not right . 
Happily some tea doth remain in my cup to make me rest with a restorative . #inspiredbyShakespeare 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . \ 
Re-posted from a friend . Pass it on ! 
hello , my name is NOT < PROPFEMALE > ( cc : < PROPFIRST > Charris < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Racioppa Nat Angstrom < PROPFIRST > Murvin < PROPFEMALE > Weck Shakesperience Productions , Inc . ) 
just had a cup of tea with < PROPFIRST > Monahan-Cardwell from across the country . yeah ... that's how we roll . :) 
Double , double , toil and trouble . This week's only < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > shows happening back to back this morning . That's just how we do . :) 
hey set builders in NYC ! looking for a freelance ? well contact < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > re : \immediate Call out to any set builders out there that are free for the next 2 weeks . Project is building the set of \ " Grease\ " for a high school . Pay is $1000 . \"" 
If your gonna put me in a box make it a big box . With lots of windows . 
Four actors . An evening off . A beautiful day . Only rational thing to do ? Learn to ride a unicycle . Pictures to follow . 
The theatre is an empty box and it is our task to fill it with fury and ecstasy and with revolution . 
The beginning of the end has begun . 
