why does it feel like its not working ? 

just need a good nights sleep then maybe i can finally figure you out . 
its saturday lets party ! :) 
going running running running wif savannah !!! :) 
feels like dancing crazily ! 
i hate thinking :/ 
hell yeah ! 
worst day ever . phones completely broken , thanks dad . 
never knowing whats gonna hit you next but just be ready to take it on so it doesnt bring you down . 
really needs to learn how to stop procrastinating . 
apples and peanut butter (: yum 
going running (: 
You ask me why im smiling as i stare down at our hands and i just have to smile bigger because its just so perfect (: 
wishes the day would just end already . 
is in the best mood ever ! ( : 
got a new phone number for now . check it out (: 
just ran 15 < PROPMALE > wif my bro (: 
feels like a lil kid again (: 
getting lied to and knowing it ... its the worst feeling in the world . 
All I ever wanted , was to see you smiling , all I ever wanted , was to make you mine I know that I love you , oh , baby why don't you see , that all I ever wanted , was you and me ? (: 
really hates it when people think they are helping you but all they are doing is getting in your way ! ugh ! 
cause for some reason when im around you i cant stop smiling (: 
(: 
wow ... 
putting on a smile and acting like everythings okay won't get you anywhere . 
You make me happy , whether you know it or not We should be happy , that's what I said from the start I am so happy Knowin ' you are the one that I want for the rest of my days For the rest of my days 
good day (: 
either wants to be a lil kid again or grow up these teenage years are a mess . 
this is ridiculous . 
awesome . 
what can i say , he knows how to make a girl smile (: 
what a day /: 
really hates when people don't think before they act , then think sorry is gonna make it all better . 
p.s. i hate you . 
do you ever get the urge to ... nevermind thats mean . 
do you ever have those days where you just don't wanna wear clothes ?? 
passion is sour skittles . 
hopes everything is okay . /: 
can't stop smiling (: 
' im such a genius , i should like make rockets or something . ' 
ugh . 
telling me not to get distracted is like telling a suicidal maniac not to jump . ( : 
hammock plus an amazing boy equals uber happiness (: 
so the soccer game sucked , but the drive home made it all better (: 
falling asleep with a smile on her face cause she cant stop thinking bout you (: 
is happy , its as simple as that . (: 
soccer game ! (: 
its gonna be a long night /: 
is it friday night yet ?? ( : 
storms (: 
phones not working /: 
is super duper happy cause of you1 (: 
its a good day (: 
juss shut up and smile (: 
words can help or words can hurt , be careful how you use and say them because once you do you cannot take them back . 
procrastination plus easily distracted plus your best friend .... ( : its gonna be a lonnngggg night ! 
hadda interesting day to say the least . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and i are sitting on her bed and we should be doing our humongous english project but as always were distracted and to add on to it were procrastinating cause its due morrow . group work is da best ! (: 
its pretty awesome when you've been telling someone to leave you alone and they finnally do . 
people erk me . 
is in love with techno music . 
watched toystory and veggie tales , jumped on a trampoline , drew with sidewalk chaulk , played with a hampster named chip , played hide-and-go seek , fought over who was the alien and who was the astronaut , drank chocolate milk , played with transformer action figures , laughed till we cried , pissed off a pizza guy , and played on a swing-set . its what happens when you baby-sit 2 lil boys for 9 hours with your best friend (: 
its been one of those days . 
popsicles are delicious (: 
i juss got in trouble for wearing a newspaper pirate hat in the hallway . (: 
you make me smile a whole lot (: 
bike ride (: 
mud and puddles and bikes and your best friend now super < PROPFIRST > on the old school nintendo , its a goood day (: 
<3 somehow you always manage to make me happy no matter what type of awful mood i'm in (: 
it was a good day (: thank you < PROPFEMALE > and cody (: 
life has hard points in it and always will , sometimes it feels like they all happen at once and things will never get better , but you gotta look at the happy points in your life and figure out how you got to those points and how you stayed there and eventually things will get back to those happy points and youll forget what you juss went through till it all happens again . its one big lovely cycle . 
new temporary number phones messed up /: 5017642119 
he makes me super happy (: ( :( : 
you're all and everything plus some more that i could ever ask for (: 
you don't realize how disgusting , werid , and mean conway is until you go on a run and get creeped on by every dude thats 4 times your age , see 3 chickens in the front yard of a house , and get glares from every chick that drives past you . 
If I could reach up and hold a < PROPFEMALE > for every time you've made me smile , the entire night sky would be in the palm of my hand . ( : 
parked in the parking lot of your heart <3 
\I could never stay mad at you\ " actually means \ " cross me & I will drop you like an AT&T call . \"" 
we can run and swing and jump and feel free laugh till we pee and smile as big as the sea ! (: 
\Be who you are and say what you feel\ 
dear writing essays , \ 
i hate you . especially on such a gorgeous day like today . 
i miss the good old days the days where you just didnt care one bit and your only worry was to get the highest swing on the swingset before anybody else did , the days where you thought everybody you saw was your friend and you were never hurt by untrustworthy people because nobody was , the days were you could run and play and never get tired . i dont wanna grow up . 
sometimes all you need is a gaint hug from your best friend to make it all better (: 
is it may 21st yet ? 
wonders 
soccer time ! 
when everything looks black and angry like the dark night sky stripped of the < PROPFEMALE > s , theres always that one < PROPFEMALE > that brightens the night 
Good judgment comes from experience , and often experience comes from bad judgment . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brown 
\I don't use drugs 
Never go to bed mad . Stay up and fight . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Diller 
I like nonsense , it wakes up the brain cells . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living , it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope . Which is what I do , and that enables you to laugh at life's realities . \ 
-Theodor Geisel 
\life is too serious to be taken seriously \"" 
is about to have some seriously dirty fun ! running the mud run with my bro (: 
six months with the same person especially a person like < PROPFIRST > Talley , dang that takes skill ! but i would be lying if i was serious , he is the best thing that has happened to me (: <3 
a soccer game against 13 year old boys ? this is gonna be interesting 
on my way to lyon college ! 
(: happiness <3 
today has been kinda like a punch in the face , its really sucked . 
well crap 
dear black friday\ 
your the death of me 
sometimes i honestly want to punch you in the face 
Naps are seriously one of the best things ever 
Lightning bolt gauges that glow in the dark !? 
Spring cleaning in December ? Awwwweeesome 
Feels like dancing 
just went on an insanse bike ride with < PROPFEMALE > ! and now and all nighter bake-a-thon !? dude its gonna be a freaking fantastic night ! 
Let me tell you that being locked out of a house for three hours is not as fun as you think 
filling out scholarships ! 
going to Lyon on Feb 18 to try out for the soccer team !!! 
mt magazine with my baby :D 
Mazing day with my baby (: <3 
Bout to go on a three hour run with my bro ! yay for marathon training ! 
Nyquil just described me , aches , fever , sore throat , sneezing , runny < PROPFEMALE > , cough . 
is ready to meet new people and not be stuck around the same people everyday . 
I never wanna act my age , what's my age again ? What's my age again ? 
Dear all 26.2 < PROPMALE > of the little rock marathon , prepare to be defeated ! 
2 full marathons and 3 half marathons down and a whole bunch more to come ! 
Why can't a girl dream anymore ? 
Super cleaning the corolla ! 
Soccer game ! 
So I thought that your senior year was supposed to be easy ? What happened to that ? 
So there is this boy and his name is < PROPFIRST > Talley and I kind of like him a whole lot [: 
In < PROPFIRST > with the rents (: first time I've been here since I was born (: 
Long exposures of < PROPFIRST > (: 
): 
To know ill never see his face again is really sad rest in peace < PROPMALE > you were a wonderful friend . Comon < PROPFIRST > you're strong I know you can pull through . 
Rest in peace < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . You are loved and missed terribly 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > I don't think you know how much you are loved by everyone , everybody has happy positive memories about times we shared with you guys . You guys are missed terribly , might be gone forever but will never be forgotten . 
Is going to Henderson ! [ : 
Sometimes you drive me up a freaking wall . 
Roller blading ! 
Sometimes all you need is love 
Rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > . You were the best 17 year old pug I could of ever asked for . 
Best Friday night ever ? Hell yeah 
Slept in , bout to take pictures of < PROPFEMALE > , got to see my baby , and have a soccer game later on so far it's been a good day . 
Sometimes I wish I could just let loose , let loose and scream , maybe even scream till I loose my voice , then maybe I would actually have a good reason for not speaking my mind . 
I'm so sick of what people think anymore , as long as I'm having a good time and not harming anyone else why should it matter ? 
Bring it on weather 
Round two of nasty weather ? I'm down 
and this is probably the reason some people get murdered 
One month 22/23 
Fantastic weekend thanks to my baby (: 
Is baking a cake and watching the weather channel . This is some exciting weather ! (: 
Summer summer summer 
Walked outside in shorts and a t shirt then turned around and ran back in to get a hoodie . What the hell ? I thought it was spring ? 
Run time [: 
Happy mothers day (: 
what is on my mind ? < PROPFIRST > Talley <3 
