I hate packing . 

Finally all moved in with a configured internet 
Lot of Christian clubs here at UCI ... 
Hmm I need to bring a camera up for a profile picture , my laptop's webcam is horrible quality . 
So I just noticed that even before classes start I've already got enough units done to officially be a Sophomore , already ahead of all of you guys . 
After having taken all of my 4 classes at least once ... gotta say that aren't that bad . 
Bah all you people going home for the weekend ... I'm stuck here 
Not going home this weekend in order to stay and socialize with people was a great idea - Until I realized that a lot of said people went home . I blame all of you >.> 
Psych < PROPFEMALE > has ADHD or something 
Brandywine has Italian Ice ? Game over for Pippin . 
Just breezed through a latin translation our teacher said he wanted us to struggle with before we did it in class on Monday :D 
Done for the day before noon , love Thursdays 
If anyone needs bio 93 help ask me . 
6th through 12th grade they said \Colleges don't use APA 
gotta go ace a bio midterm real quick 
Schrödinger's Cat walks into a bar .... and doesn't . 
My bananas went from green to green-brown ... \ 
\ 
What the hell . 
The A Clockwork Orange reference on South Park last night was amazing . 
INTERNET ! It's been two days , that's two too many . 
Define the word \Universe\ " and give 3 examples . " 
Hmmm ... staying up late on a night before a midterm writing about philosophy instead of studying . 
Anyone else in Mirkwood lose internet for a minute or so there ? 
No matter how hard you try , you will never find a song name cooler than \Watch Where You're < PROPFIRST > Walken \"." 
2 hour naps that just make you more tired are very disappointing . 
TF2 is officially reinstalled . Now to pray my abhorrent graphics card can somehow manage to run a 3 year old game . 
Went to Hokkaido for lunch ... love that restaurant . 
What an unexpected and totally unforeseen crash . 
CONTINUING STUDENT HOUSING FOR 2011-122011-12 Student Housing Online Application window opens at 7:00 a.m. , Monday , NOVEMBER 15\ 
Apply online at https://my.housing.uci.edu/gateway/\ 
LOL NOT REALLY 
Oh ho , no longer \Service Denied\ " maybe it'll be back up soon . \ 
SO MANY STATUSES AND COMMENTS I CAN'T KEEP UP 
is very tempted to skip Latin and see if 1 hour of sleep can be salvaged 
Just Hindu it . 
Why must they always host loud events just outside of Mirkwood ? \ 
WHY !?!?!?!? 
Woke up at 4:30 PM . Mirkwood record ? 
Italian ice when it's this temperature ? Am I crazy ? No , just bold . 
There , I did it . Happy ? 
I should probably skim through those 300 or so pages of psych that make up all the test material on our final in two days . 
1 down , 3 to go ; I love finals week 
Just overheard some girl saying \so like 
I find it funny that people need to forcefully cut themselves off FB for finals >.> 
Note to self : Attempting to cultivate a \finals week beard\ " only results in shame and pathetic failure when your facial hair grows as slowly as moss . " 
I'm afraid my psych final grade might be as low as 96% uncurved :( 
Funniest part of the day ? \THIS IS MY FAVORITE POSITION ! \"" 
All these online class resources are really annoying ... especially when you end up having more than you have actual classes ... 
I should never be up early enough to have to wait for Pippin to open ... 
A woman babbling in chinese ... and I thought my new voicemail would be important . 
Stupid mandatory new profile switch ... I dislike it . 
Chem lab homework is so annoying and long ... 
Finished with lab stuff , 5 hours later ... 
Some may say I cannot see the < PROPMALE > for the trees , but I say that the < PROPMALE > can only be seen through the trees . 
Woo , back to PQ this weekend 
Great day . Not only did my car breaking down turn a 1 hour trip home into a 3 hour trip home , but the engine is probably ruined forever . 
Skipping bio is a great feeling . 
I love when your chem teacher doesn't teach you anything at all about the online homework . 
16 hours of work straight except for food breaks and still not quite done with stuff due tomorrow . \ 
Fun . 
Always great when your alarm mysteriously doesn't go off and you walk in to your 50 minute chem midterm 35 minutes late . 
Listening to Animals by Pink < PROPMALE > all the way through for the first time in a while is great . 
So , The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo was good . Not super cheery though . 
Does anybody have a 3\x5\ " notecard I can use tonight ? " 
