I just slipped on some stairs and landed flat on my back with the edge of stair poking right into it . OUCH ! 

Just put up his awesome new chiming clock I won from the Titans . 
Sleepy time . Good night ! 
> Grumble < 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > have a baby ! Woo Hoo ! 
is sitting home on Saturday night watching Price is Right bloopers on YouTube . I suck . 
Hamlet had his first confrontation with doggies yesterday . Three of them , to be exact , and quite large too . 
Anybody know of any good employers currently hiring ? 
has resorted to putting bed sheets in the freezer to deal with this impossible heat . 
likes himself too much to subject himself to the new Transformers film . 
Vacation in T-minus-one day ! 
Happy Pride ! See you at the park ! 
Is sad he's missing the pride parade , but excited to be going tubing ! 
time to go biking around Lake Calhoun . 
Franken ! It's a bout F'n time . 
is a bit appalled that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > news trumps < PROPMALE > Franken news on the cable networks . 
had delicious home made feasts over at Casa Tucker-Beauvais yesterday . I tried my hand at making Jambalaya and Crab Cakes , and both turned out awesome ! 
Egads ! Morning birds just woke up ... is it 5 am already ? 
Lunchtime ! I'm on the hunt for cheap sushi . 
I think that if you \friend\ " someone on FB you should at least acknowledge them when you see them in public . " 
is looking forward to the return of softball this weekend . Is the rest of the team ??? 
3 am and can't sleep ... stir crazy and a bit lonely ... boo hoo me . 
woke up with a < PROPFIRST > horse . :( 
I hit my first GRAND SLAM ever in today's game ! 
One more day and their reign of terror will end ! 
had a REALLY bad day at work today . Mikey needs a hug . :( 
TGIF 
Do I really have to be up and alert in 5.5 hours to play softball ??? 
saw a rainbow today ! 
Yet another bad day at work capping off a bad week , continuing a bad month . You'd think the laws of averages would allow things to go my way at least some of the time . 
Headaches won't go away . 
Question : If you're sure you're going to get fired from a job you've been at for 6 and a half years , within say the next month or so , is it better to let it happen and collect unemployment , or quite beforehand and have a better resume but no income ? 
Watching Across The Universe . 
You're either in , or you're out . 
Got the ache in my bones ... storms a'comin . 
found a special item . 
After a day of softball and bowling , my legs are jelly . 
is thinking Kinh Do . 
Lets dance ! let's shout ! Shake your body down to the ground ! 
I'm cooking for the PR party tonight . On the menu is triple pasta : Orzo with spinach and pine nuts , Mozzarella and ricotta with spinach in Jumbo Shell pasta , and a baked ground beef ziti . 
In the battle for dinner , tonight mediocrity wins . 
Hates dating . Wish I could skip the dating stage entirely and go straight to the \living with\ " stage . " 
Another bad day at work . Can't wait for a four day weekend . 
believes no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Back from a long day at the Renaissance Festival . Day two of a four day weekend has been conquered . Go me ! 
Making brownies . 
think I'm coming down with something .... H1N1 ? 
September 11 ... where were you 8 years ago today ? 
Another day , another ... wait , it's the weekend . Make that \another dollar spent . \"" 
Blargh . 
Can't shake this nagging cold ... today's a stay in and rest day . 
dropped a fan on his toe and now thinks it's broke . :( 
The lovers , the dreamers , and me . 
My little sister got married yesterday ! Congradulations < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Top Chef tonight ! I love how the host Padma gets so pissed off at the chefs who do bad . It ' like she's personally offended by them ... \This putrecence you call food isn't fit to be fed to maggots . It makes compost appetizing . Now please pack your knives and go . \"" 
If I've never met you in real life , chances are I'm not gonna \friend\ " you here . Sorry . " 
Gaylaxicon is next weekend ! Who's going ? 
Great time at Gaylaxicon ! I'm wondering about Montreal next year .... 
All right , who got me sick over the weekend ? 
< PROPFIRST>'s wondering what's taking so long . 
I'm bored . What is there to do that doesn't involve money ? 
I want to go to New York . Or Chicago . Or San < PROPFEMALE > . 
Gorged on sushi and sat around a bonfire with good friends ... it was a great night . 
is thinking of going to Omegacon ... who's with me ? 
Waking up at 4:30 am w/floo = suck . 
Flu and sore throat has got my voice sounding like Dr. Girlfriend . 
Is off in search of medication . 
Three and a half hours at ER and the doctor says no H1N1 but doesn't want me around healthy people for another week . That means I have to quarantine myself at home .... ugh ! Boring ! 
Being sick for half a week now is good prep for a zombie Halloween costume . 
is getting stir crazy sitting around at home ... on the other hand , the cats are loving the extra attention . 
Just posted a new blog at Readcomics.org . Check it out ! 
is tired of waking up to a hacking cough . 
Vacation starts ..... NOW ! 
Staycations can be boring when everyone else has to work -- guess it's time to work on my Halloween costume . 
I'm off to wander the earth . 
Getting comics !!! 
Watching True Blood season 2 ... this show rocks ! 
Sinus pressure = suck . 
Happy Halloween ! 
Partying until 3:30 in the morning with the best friends in the world ... another Halloween conquered , I'd say . 
Survived the first day back from work in almost two weeks ... but just barely . 
V is for Voting ! 
< PROPFEMALE > + New Jersey ... WTF ??? 
Within 20 years , gay marriage will be legal across the country and everyone will wonder what all the fuss was about . 
When did being a liberal become a bad thing ? Liberals ended slavery . Liberals gave African Americans and Women the right to vote . Liberals ended segregation . Liberals created Social Security , Medicare , the Civil Rights act , the Clean Air act and the Endangered Species act . In all of these instances conservative thinking stood in the way of progress . I'm proud to be a liberal . 
Remember , Remember the Fifth of November , the Gunpowder , Treason , and Plot . 
is feeling lonely tonight . :( 
Kill < PROPMALE > is on TV ... they have no problem showing people getting stabbed , shot , punched , gouged , mutilated , and killed , but they feel the need to edit \pussy wagon\ " into \ " party wagon . \ " How fucked up is our country anyway ? " 
Getting my hair cut today a youngish stylist said , \I want to live wild . When you act mature you're dead . \ " Words to live by . " 
Where did the weekend go , and why did it take all my money with it ? 
My spoon is too big ! 
thinks the second episode of V was better than the first . 
My cats think a balloon is less menacing after it's popped . 
is proud of his staff at work today ! 
is anxious for the weekend . 
The laws of averages would suggest that some things will go in my favor at least some of the time , right ? 
And now , angry ticks fired out of my nipples ! 
needs some cheering up . 
Cranky at work today , and not looking forward to the drive up to Mahtomedi ... I need to get out of this funk I'm in . 
Edy's ice cream + West Wing DVDs = the perfect late night comfort combo . 
Bought a pomegranate today ... now I just need to figure out how to eat it . 
Looks like I'm spending Thanksgiving alone this year . Anyone else going to be around ? 
What to do , what to do ... 
Saloon was too busy and Gladius was too slow . Where was baby bear's bar tonight ? 
$#%@&* ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s anticipation and excitement at having a relaxing , short work week were blown to smithereens with the irrational complaints of a Bridezilla customer . Yet < PROPFIRST > stands resolved to not let her threats and argumetns ruin what could be a great week . 
Tie me kangaroo down , sport ! 
Just saw The Fantastic Mr. Fox . If you liked any of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s films , you'll love this . He manages to maintain his trademark storytelling style while playing with animation . Awesome film ! 
$%^&#@$%$#@#$@#$@%^#$#@@@ !!!!! Work sucks . 
December's weekends are already filling up ... le sigh ... 
My cat < PROPMALE > is whining for me to play fetch with him . Too cute . 
is disappointed in the New York Senate today . 
I can't get Strut by < PROPFEMALE > Easton out of my head . 
Well , it's official ... in exaclty three weeks I will join the ranks of the unemployed . 
SOMEBODY LEFT A BABY ! IGNORE ME !!!! 
I finally started Xmas shopping this weekend . Thank you , mega-Source sale ! 
Job interview tomorrow ! 
is about to jump down the rabbit hole and watch his first episode of < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer . Wish me luck ! 
I have a second interview scheduled on my birthday . If I it goes bad , I blame fate . 
Hey , the roads SUCK today ! If you have to drive , please be careful ! If you don't , then stay in and drink hot cocoa . 
FREEEEEEEDOM ! 
Facebook hackers seem to be on the rise . I just got a chat request from someone who didn't appear to be on line , with a link to a site that firefox warned was \web forgery\ " and has known issues with trying to get personal information . It's a dangerous internet ... be careful out there ! " 
Happy Day Off With Pay everyone ! 
pissed off a lizard by giving it what it needs . 
One of my kitties is uncharacteristically spooked . I think there's a ghost in the house . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , everyone ! The interview went great , hopefully I got the job ! 
It frightens me that < PROPMALE > Cheney and < PROPFIRST > Rumsfeld believe that they get to decide who has rights and who doesn't . As if they're singularly qualified to make that decision . No single person is qualified to make that decision ... that's why we have a court system and something we call \due process . \"" 
Just paid all my bills . Why do I feel like I got screwed with my pants on ? 
Just picked up a fresh loaf of pumpkin bread from Breadsmith . Free with coupon . 
I didn't get to party or < PROPFEMALE > out with anyone or get drunk , but I picked up a shift at the restaurant and made some sweet $$$ . Sending out the old year with a bang , I'd say . Happy New Years everyone ... be safe ! 
Remember when all the original < PROPFEMALE > Wars films were in the top ten highest grossing films of all time ? Now Empire Strikes Back is way down around #37 on the list . 
can't decide between the Japanese Yakuza or the Russian mafia . Either way , tatoos are in my future . 
NEED . A . JOB . 
How is it 2am already ? 
Fellow liberals take note - instead of being pissed at Massachusettes voters , we should instead be looking at why they voted the way they did and start making changes now , or we're in for a rude surpise this November ! 
I could get used to this unemployed thing if I could make some money doing it . 
Hath murdered sleep . 
Are the Vikings playing today ? I forget . 
is rewatching Battlestar Galactica , season 1 . I remembered how good it was , but it's nice to be reminded every so often . 
Bladed 4 < PROPMALE > tonight ... not as much as it sounds , but not bad for a first timer ! 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Rubenstein . 
Working on visual trivia ... where'd the time go ? 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up for the first episode of the last season of LOST . 
Tip of the day ... don't go to job interviews feeling defiant towards the rest of the world . 
Is trying to deny that he's coming down with a cold and muster up the energy to go rollerblading . Must ... motivate ... self .... 
I cleaned Batman . 
Unemployment has been enlightening . Apparently I'm not qualified for jobs I spent the last 12 years supevising . Perhaps my bosses were right after all . 
They're troying to tyke moy bye-bye ! 
The time has come ... to lip-sync FOR YOUR LIFE ! 
Trivia in 24 hours and counting ! 
10:39 am and it's dance party time on Uranus . 
Woke up to the worst head cold ever . Dizzy , puffy eyes , stuffed nose ..... ugh . Glad now I didn't make the trek to St. Cloud last night . 
Go Apollo Go ! 
I refuse to become a fan of Zardoz . 
Applied for another dozen jobs today . Based on my previous track record , only one will reply - and that's not in any way a certainty . 
HIRED ! ( sorta ) 
The Highlander TV series just started playing on the SyFy channel . Oh my . How this show has aged . 
All in all , a pretty good weekend . 
Ack . Thpth . 
So much attention is being put on how \unhealthy\ " Obama is . They're right ... we should have gone with the 73 year old . " 
Why am I in the most social moods on everyone else's work nights ? 
Someone explain to me why Minneapolis still has winter parking restrictions in effect . 
Waking up at 3:30 pm , thinking it's Monday when it's Saturday .... welcome to the non-alcoholic hangover . 
Just saw The Hurt Locker . Good film , but I'm not sure it or Avatar should win best picture tonight . Based on the films I've seen , I'd give it to Inglorious Basterds . 
If I said that Mr. Worf's head looked like a < PROPFEMALE > , would you joing me in a laugh ? 
Back to the grind starting tomorrow ! 
I forgot what it's like to wake up so early ! Work , here I come ! 
I have Facebook access again ! Yay ! My account was hacked a week ago . If anyone in my freind list was hit up for money , I'm here to say that I was never in London and wasn't mugged . Sorry about that ! 
Today's kinda been a lousy day , and I have a 4:00 interview ... not a good sign . 
Dear Facebook : Your youtube linking system is fubared . Please fix . Thank you . 
Today's a day of surprises . 
had an AWESOME softball practice today ! Can't wait for the season to start ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ??? No Way ! ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Paquin is bisexual ? Sweet ! She goes for both humans and vamps ! :P 
There's poop on the floor . 
Only I can buy $60 worth of groceries and still not be able to find anything to eat . 
I hearby vow that I will take a vacation in 2011 and actually go somewhere ! 
Just completed the census . 
Cooked my first Easter Ham . Was delicious . 
Just couldn't make it to 5pm today . Had a baaaaad case of the Mondays . 
Making cupcakes . I have one less egg than the recipe calls for . How will they turn out ? Stay tuned ! 
Yay < PROPFIRST > and Nicey ! 
j'ai mal a la tete 
Wow , < PROPFEMALE>'s ' Vogue ' is 20 years old ??? Who allowed time to pass this much ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is NOT the next < PROPFEMALE > Boyle . 
I've run out of internet . 
How come I always have to get the sake ? You listen well ... for thirty years , you make the fish , I get the sake . If this were the military , I'd be General by now ! 
For the first time in 5 years , I missed Mondo . I has a sad . 
I < PROPFIRST > you a pretty picture . 
thinks a bike ride is in order today . 
Just got back from my ride ... From my place down the greenway to the Mississippi , then over to UofM campus , debated visiting < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > , then back . Now it's sushi time . I'd say this day off was conquered . 
I caught you a delicious bass . 
So , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are , well ... you know ... Even Newt Gingrich is on his 3rd marriage . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?!? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ! 
needs a change . 
We went 1-1 on our opening day softball games today . We won our second game 23-3 ! 
Late naps are dangerous ! Went to sleep at 6pm , it's now almost 10 and I'm awake when I should be getting ready for bed ! 
thinks that expectant mothers should be happy they don't live in Oklahoma . 
Worked 15 hours today . Tired . Sleep . 
Free comic book day was a fail . :( 
Crushed Oreo cookies with Ice cream .... 
Cut from work yet again tonight . Thanks , crappy weather . I'm sure all my bills will completely understand why I can't pay them . 
After a tough day at the ball fields , we TORE IT UP at the fund raiser ! Thanks to everyone who came out , and THANK YOU SALOON ! Go Hot Rods ! 
Stiff legs and back today . 
Miss < PROPFEMALE > speaks out of turn . She's a bad example , and will have no cakes today . Shhh . 
Time's moving in reverse . I think we reentered March rather than May . 
Tired but not sleepy . 
Haircut !!! 
No . I'm sorry , no . No ..... just , no . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if\ 
you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack \ 
upside the head . Lets raise awareness . 
Early morning bike ride to the softball fields . I hope my fellow Hot Rods are good early birds like me . 
After biking and an EXTREMELY close game against at tough team , I'm beat ! 
OK right knee ... this constant popping and discomfort has got to stop . It's unacceptable . we clear ? 
Tea Partiers scare me . 
God help me , but the new A-Team movie looks good . 
I think I know how Lost ends . 
Two softball games followed by work at 6pm . It's gonna be exhausting . 
LOST finale .... INCREDIBLE !!!! Loved it ! 
Eye < PROPFEMALE > at Calhoun is magnifique . 
Work in T-minus 3 hours and counting . 
After 24 hours , 40% of the popsicles still haven't frozen . 
I now know how straight people feel when they find out someone they know is gay . 
Two nights of insomnia in a row . WTF ??? 
Whatchyoo talking about , < PROPMALE > ? 
Weekend of softball + working late nights = one exhausted fischy . 
Day Off ! 
Why is it that religious people get more upset about things they see on TV ( mocking religion , gays on TV shows ) than they do about real live atrocities ( Tibet , Darfour , etc) ? 
Good bye , < PROPFEMALE > . Here's hoping you passed with a man in your bed . 
may lose his bet tht the < PROPFEMALE > Girls outlive the Beatles . 
What a great bachelor party for Nate Hessberg . It was a blast ! 
Had his first Juicy < PROPFEMALE > today , and was underwhelmed . 
I TOLD myself not to take that nap ... 
Pouring rain and hungry kitties woke me up prematurely . To stay up or go back to bed ... that is the question ... 
YAY ! Day off today ! Better to stay home and make no money rather than go to work and make no money . 
Kitchen sink problems are now on it's second plumber . It was too much for the first one . 
I has a sad . :( 
Blah . 
I is tired . 
Good night at work tonight . :) We'll see how tomorrow's double shift goes . 
Another great day at work ! Time to bike home ! 
I have cuddly kitties . 
Had a great time at Camp with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! But is it really 4 am ???? WTF !!! 
\You can't talk was is who less than more . \"" 
Sometimes I feel dumber than a sack of rocks . 
Concerning the criticism Obama's reaction to the BP oil spill : definitely not perfect , but imagine what it would have been if Bush had still been in office . BP would have been untouchable . 
GRRRRR ! Another unexpected day off from work ... and on a beautiful day , too ! ( I know this sounds contradictory , but it's not . ) 
Just hit my first 100% - and 5 gold stars - playing Expert on Rock Band 2 !!! 
Driving home from work with a foreign particle in my left eye the whole way . < PROPMALE > suck . 
Hey , guess what ? Nobody cares who would win\ 
in a crazy fantasy fist-fight between < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Borden . 
I'm filthy . 
Awesome day at the fields ! Went 2-0 ! Nothing feels better than pitching a winning game ... thanks team ! 
Day off today to recover from a fun but physically taxing weekend . 
Had a great lunch today at Nami with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPMALE > like ! 
Thinks it's cool that so many of his straight friends are attending Pride festivities this weekend . 
Can't wait for a day off tomorrow and a hopefully fun pride ! Who's gonna be there ? 
Off to pride ! I'm glad I live close enough to bike . 
My quest for sushi was diverted by internet technical issues . Now resolved , it may be ..... too late . 
Breakfast followed by parade . 
Holy sunburn batman ! 
I get two days off in a row ! After all the fun I had this weekend , I need the recovery time ! 
Why is it I can't seem to go two hours without falling asleep ? I've de-evolved to infant sleeping habits . 
Swan dive ! Into the best night of your life ! 
Goodbye cable , hello Netflix ! 
Day of overhauling and cleaning the bike with < PROPFIRST > was a complete success . 
Missed con tonight\ 
due to having worked outside in 90 degree weather , not getting enough\ 
sleep , eating very little in the last 24 hours , and not drinking enough water . My head is dizzy . 
Boom boom . 
Two days off start now ! I need to have some fun . 
What a f***ing sh**ty day !!!!!!!!! >:( 
My back , legs , feet , and knees are achey-breaky after a 14 hour shift at work . In fact , it's harder to find parts of my body that don't hurt . 
Great day at the ball park -- two wins ! It was worth skinning up my leg for ! 
Damn Comcast ... I swear they're screwing with my Internet just cuz I downgraded my cable service . Now they want to charge me $40 to come see if \it's their problem . \"" 
I fixed the internet ! 
I'm too young to be this old . 
Laundry has been conquered . Dishes : say your prayers , you're next . 
Just got done uploading a bunch of photos . 
Leg is super sore after work , having banged things into the wounded part about a dozen times . 
Out at the stands tonight ! 
Had fun at Out In The Stands ... Twins Win ! I just wish my leg wasn't throbbing so much after dancing at the Saloon . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > ( and the others I just met tonight ) for making it such a fun night ! 
is hoping the rain didn't ruin the fields for softball tomorrow ! 
All in all , it was a good weekend . 
Hmmm ... ghosts or intruders ???? Wish I knew . 
Cool Netflix nite - first watched Contact ( with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ) and then an episode of The < PROPFEMALE > Silverman Program . 
Day off today ! What to do ? 
Biked 12 < PROPMALE > today , along the greenway , down the Mississippi , and back through downtown . Great day ! 
Saw Inception today , and was thinking about other dream-based movies . Came up with Waking Life , Nightmare on Elm Street , and The Cell . Anyone know of any others ? 
Flugtag was awesome ! Saw the world record get broken ! 
Home again after a fun day tubing on the Cannon river ... perfect summer day for it ! 
Bike training for the Aids Trek starts tomorrow ! 
Put in 2 hours on the bike today , total of about 26 < PROPMALE > . Not a bad start for getting ready the Aids Trek . 
Just found out that my mother has ovarian cancer , and is going in for surgery this Friday . Pretty shocked right now . 
Debating on trying to get a bike ride in before the storms hit . 
I want pizza . 
Actor Maury Chaykin died today , on his 61st birthday . If you haven't seen his work in the show Nero Wolfe , you're missing out . 
Put in 24 < PROPMALE > or so on the bike today . Thanks for joining me < PROPFIRST > ! 
The Minnesota AIDS Trek is looking for riders , crew and volunteers for the 2010 ride in August . If anyone is interested in helping out in any way , contact < PROPFIRST > Ede . I'd love to have more people to ride with ! 
Visited my mom in the hospital post surgery . She's doing fine and I'm sure she'll be a handful and the doctors will be kicking her out the door in no time . Unfortunately she has some chemo to look forward to but it doesn't sound too bad at this point . 
< PROPMALE > muscle pull ( tear ? who knows ) in my right calf during softball today - can barely walk . Lots of pain . Worse is that I'm still expected to work tonight ... 
Off to work ... this should be interesting ... 
Exquisite dead guy ... rotating in his display case . Exquisite dead guy ... I swear I saw his mouth move . 
Any suggestions/advice about where to go for someone ( like me ) who would like to get their leg looked at after a really bad muscle pull but doesn't have insurance ? 
Time for bed ???? 
Stupid leg ... muscle strain is keeping me from training for the AIDS Trek ! 
Tough day at work - both stressful and painful . Could use a hug . And a massage . 
Tonight at work was a huge improvement over last night ! Thanks to everyone who sent hugs yesterday ! 
Just got back from doctor's .... he's afraid it may be an achille's tendon tear . Or else a muscle tear in my calf . Have to go to othopedic's on Monday for closer examination . 
I am now off to attempt grocery shopping on crutches . Because of all of this week's mishaps , I had to top it off by running out of TP . Ever feel like life just likes to spit on you ? 
is disappointed . 
Another day , another dollar lost ... 
Have an 8 am orthopedic appointment to determine the extent of damage to my leg . Hoping for some good news for a change .... 
Back from doctor's ... mostly good news ... torn calf muscle , not the achille's tendon . Just needs time and rest . Could take 4-6 weeks to be able to walk without a limp , and might need some physical therapy . Apparently 3 months before I'm able to do any athletic activity , but I think I can prove them wrong there . 
Dear upstairs neighbors . Your dog has been barking non stop for two hours now . Please take care of . Thank you . 
Scrumtulescent ! 
Such a perfect day out ... wish I could go for a bike ride ... 
Sea Kittens ! 
just found out that my 20 year ( yikes ) high school reunion was last weekend . Why did nobody tell me this ? Would I have gone if I had known ? Probably not . 
Just saw two very different versions of people acting blind in the same intersection . One was a younger man with a large blindfold and a long stick , simulating being blind while assisted by an older gentleman . Right after seeing that I saw a younger mom , reading a newspaper , step blindly into the intersection just as the light was changing against her . She had a child around 4 years old in tow . 
To those opposed to the so-called World Trade Center Mosque , I offer the following counter points : 
The leg is feeling much better lately , and I think it's about time to hop on the bike again . ( The AIDS Trek would have been tomorrow . ) 
Can't sleep ... only had two hours of sleep so far ! Arrrgh ! 
Date night ! 
Reevaluating ..... 
Beat it Flaps ! 
Good day today . 
I had a great day today , which ended with a really good day at work . What is this weird thing I'm feeling ? 
I've now have 200 Facebook Friends ! Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > Fabbrini ... you helped me reach a milestone ! 
Making Pina Coladas . 
feeling lonely ... the bottle of wine I drank doesn't help ... 
SEA KITTENS WIN !!!!! Oh yeah , there was something about the Twins too . 
Work schedule drastically reduced this week . Money anxiety setting in . 
Sea kittens tie 23-23 !!! Not the prettiest games ever but better than a loss ! Now it's time to settle in with the best baseball movie ever - Bull Durham ! 
Quite the weepfest on Project Runway last night ! I must confess my < PROPFEMALE > little heart grew three sizes that day . 
Going to Renaissance Festival today ! 
I'm wearing slippers ! 
I had 202 facebook friends last week ... now I have 201 ... someone de-friended me ! The nerve ! 
Is three-and-a-half hours enough time to squeeze in a nap before the softball game ? 
is gay and there are 4 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9LYIaX . 
is gay and there are 3 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9LYIaX . 
is gay and there are 2 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9LYIaX . 
Off to work ! 
Bored now . 
Wish I could get a regular sleep pattern going again . 
A customer at work today said I looked like < PROPFIRST > Ruffalo . I can't get away from the bitch . He owes me money for all this publicity I'm giving him . 
Just finished < PROPFEMALE > season 3 . Good stuff . Good riddance Angel . 
Listening to Fleetwood < PROPMALE > while hunting for jobs . 
< PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell doesn't know the constitution .... Sarah Palin endorses someone on Twitter and names the wrong state ... I suppose when your entire platform consists of opposing anything the Democrats stand for , you don't actually have to do any work or research . 
Wish I could wear purple to work , but we have uniforms . Guess I'll see if I can find some purple underthings . 
thinks he saw a chupacabra . 
On the internet , no one can hear your sarcasm . 
Late night at work + far too little sleep + early morning softball game + cowboy costume = grouchy fischy . 
Even when exhausted I can't get a full night's sleep ! Seriously , I only got about 3 hours of sleep last night , had a full and active day , no nap , fell asleep at 10 pm to wake up at 2 am ! Now I can't get back to sleep ! What is wrong with me ? 
Getting ready to hit the Soap Factory haunted house tonight by watching Paranormal Activity on Netflix . 
No work for me this Halloween weekend . If I can't make money , I can make sure it's the funnest weekend I've ever had . 
And I am into costumed business , not costumed play . 
Candyman ... candyman ... candyman ... candyman ... candymaaaaaaaack ! Splat ! Choke ! Gurgle !!!!!! eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww ...... 
is getting more and more upset the closer we get to election day and hearing/reading about Tea Party spin . Using fear tactics like \democratic voter fraud\ " to justify harassing people at the polls . Claiming that wearing Tea Party shirts and buttons don't constitute campaigning at the polls and thus slam \ " liberal election officials\ " of suppressing freedom of speech . Let's vote to keep those whack jobs out of office ! " 
Regardless of your political affiliation , please make sure to VOTE !!! Don't complain if you don't participate ! 
step into the light , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Please don't let Emmer get within . 5% of Dayton - I can't take another recount . 
Can we get a vote on making Minnesota a part of Canada ? I'm tired of US crazy . 
Amidst a rather stressful day , I just had one rather exciting thing happen . 
Interview in less than an hour . Nerves are setting in . 
Plans canceled , so I think some Rock Band is in order tonight . 
Just saw Paranormal Activity 2 . Seriously creepy stuff . 
Got called off of work and made little money so I celebrated by getting cheap pizza , watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek , and organizing the storage unit . 
Anyone have GLEE season 1 on DVD ? I need to borrow disk 3 . 
hungry . 
The kitties are high energy and playful today . 
So for the last two months I've been working only 2 nights a week on average , and the lack of money has really caught up with me . I'll likely be saying goodbye to my car next week-to paraphrase the song , \they're coming to take it away . \"" 
ALL CATS ABANDON SHIP ! ALL CATS ABANDON SHIP !! 
Saw Burlesque last night .... terrible . 
Pandora Radio just credited \Could It Be Forever\ " by the Partridge Family to rapper Gemini . LOL ... I was confused for a moment ! " 
Wants caffeine . Is it weird for me to walk to Rainbow at 3 in the morning to go get some soda ? 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Neilsen 
Interview #2 scheduled for tomorrow at 10am . This is a job that I desperately want and can be a great opportunity . Wish me luck ! 
Just started watching Brothers and Sisters on netflix . Laugh if you want , but I was hooked in five minutes . Love it . 
Do I walk to the store in 15 degree weather just to get the one egg I need to make cookies ? 
GREAT NEWS ! I got the job ! I am now employed by the Minnesota Historical Society ! I am a Site Supervisor/Project Coordinator at the MN History Center in downtown St. < PROPFIRST > . ( Pending a successful background check , that is . ) I am sooooooooo excited ! 
I have changed my profile pic into a black square . Assume what you will about what I stand for in regards to the war in Iraq/Afghanistan/drug abuse/child abuse/breast cancer/gay rights/influential politicians/or what not . Join me if you want to be as ambiguous as possible ... the goal is to see only black squares on facebook . 
Is anyone having issues with Google lately ? Often when I click from a google search it takes me to a site advertising what I was searching for , but not the actual site I clicked on . I then have to do the google search again to get to the < PROPFEMALE > I was looking for . Is it just me and an issue on my computer , or is it widespread ? 
Still a week out from starting my new job , and today they sent me the employee handbook and sought my opinion on the layout of my new office . I heart them already ! 
Tried reading the wikipedia articles on Tessaracts and the Fourth Dimension and it's quite possible that my head exploded . 
Does President Obama really think that if Democrats pass the tax < PROPMALE > that Republicans want them to , they'll really stop all the gridlock and fillibusters ? 
Your tauntaun will freeze before it reaches the first marker . 
Snow storms should not be schduled for the weekend . I'm going stir crazy . 
I feel a meltdown of < PROPFEMALE > Field proportions coming on . 
Hey Minneapolis drivers : There's a NEW snow emergency starting Monday night @ 9:00 pm ! Don't let them tow your cars ! 
I'm having a Diva Day , listening to big songs from Glee , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , etc ... 
Is this Tuesday ? This seems like a day stuck in limbo . 
Big day today ! I start at the Minnesota History Center ! 
AMAZING first day of work ! Overwhelming though ! I had a huge tour of the place including a lot of behind-the-scenes exhibit stuff . It's great to be at a place where everyone seems to get along and enjoy themselves . 
My cat doesn't like the fact that I have to work again . He tried to stop me this morning by jumping on my back and lying down while I was putting on my shoes . 
Goodbye DADT ! Don't let the door hit your oppressive ass on the way out ! 
There are days I really wish I had a dog ... 
I luv my job . 
Bada boom . 
I hear they're making a sequel to Manos : The Hands of Fate . It's to be called Manos : The Search For Valley Lodge . As long as they have the \haunting Torgo theme\ " music I'm there . " 
In honor of < PROPFIRST>'s Big Block of Cheese Day , I bought a big chunk of brie , on sale at Lunds for $9.99 . 
Wow ... I'm overwhelmed with all the birthday wishes ! Thank you very much , everyone !!! It really means a lot !!!! :D 
I'm the man ! I'm the man ! I'm bad - I'm so bad I should be in detention . I'm the MAN !!! 
Can't believe it's only 7pm . Feels like 10 . Some video games may be in order . 
Went home from work sick today . :( 
Sick at home today . This cough and sore throat is more powerful than Ricola cough drops . Where's my health care ??? 
Had a good Saturday . Wondering if I can top it on Sunday . 
I hope the honeymoon stage with the new job never goes away . 
Netflix FINALLY delivered Modern Family on DVD . This calls for a two woot salute . 
Up waaaay too early for a Saturday morning . 
I'm an uncle again ! I get to meet my new nephew today ! 
WARNING !!! As of tomorrow , Facebook will creep into your bathroom when you're in the shower , fondle your butt , and pinch you in uncomfortable places . To change this option , go to Privacy Settings > Personal Settings > BathroomSettings > Fondling & Pinching Settings , and uncheck the Shenanigans box . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy & paste on your status to alert the unaware . Unless you like this sort of thing . 
wishes more people would follow through or at least communicate . 
At what extent of tiredness can you be before you're legally asleep ? 
TV land feels a little more dangerous without < PROPFIRST > Olbermann to hold our hand . 
I would love for facebook to put out an app that lets me hide any posts pertaining to the Packers , Bears , the Super Bowl , or football in general . 
Just bought a bike pump and computer . I wonder if I can < PROPMALE > out the spedometer's < PROPMALE > value of 185mph . Now if only spring would come ... 
Meant to go to bed two hours ago . 
Molotov Cocktease . You bitch . 
I've identified two people , both former school friends , who have \defriended\ " me in facebook . I wonder what I did to offend them . " 
The weekend just started and I can feel it ticking away already . 
Just learned I can view facebook in English ( pirate ) . Too funny . 
I want you to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right : LIE !!! Just make stuff up . After you comment , I hope you'll copy this to your status so I can do the same . I normally don't do these chain things , but this one is kind of fun . Bring it on , people ! I'm expecting my creative friends to show me that creativity .... 
Starting work too early ! A twelve hour day ! It's a good thing I love my job . At least I get to take a half day tomorrow . 
Fingerpoke of Doom ! 
6:30 ? 6:30 ??? I've never been up at 6:30 ! What happens ? 
I hearby declare Thursday to be this week's Friday . 
Trivia weekend has arrived ! Countdown to blastoff to Uranus ! 
Uranus ... 2 for 2 ! 
Swept the last hour ! Woo hoo ! 
Apparently I slept through the audio speed round of hell . 
Oh , was it supposed to be some sort of holiday today ? 
Tonight I'm all about the taco . 
Saw The Town tonight . All right , a little slow . But well written and directed . 
Mammal , mammal ! Their names are called , They raise a paw : The bat , the cat . Dolphin and dog , Koala bear and hog ! 
Considering going skiing on Monday ... 
Snow storm ? No problem ! Didn't stop me from having a blast over at < PROPFIRST > Guhlin's and < PROPFIRST > Nicholson's! 
It's a trap ! 
I'm at the point of drunkenness that it stops being fun and just becomes inconvenient . I think Chef Boyardee dinners are made for these kind of moments . 
Wow ... Trent Reznor has an < PROPFIRST > . 
So The < PROPMALE>'s Speech won best picture . Eh , it was all right . A very well made , well acted , well written , and well directed movie . But it felt to me like a perfectly reproduced Mozart or < PROPFIRST > Gogh ... all the right pieces in place done the way it's supposed to , but without any real connection to the work . I'd rather it had gone to Black Swan or The Social Network . 
< PROPFIRST > Franco needs to get over himself . 
I'm your only friend . I'm not your only friend but I'm a little glowing friend . But really , I'm not actually your friend , but I am . 
When I went to St. Cloud for the Trivia after party , and I got my T-Shirt , I asked for a Large . I got a 2XL . I do believe I've been insulted . 
I hate to say it , but it's time for the Wisconsin Democrats to return to < PROPFEMALE > . They've made their point and done all they could . They'll be able to repair the damage done when idiot < PROPMALE > and his idiot friends are voted out . 
Kittehs need to come with warning labels saying that cuddling may lead to sudden and unexpected naps . 
HEY WISCONSIN ! As a former resident , luvyameanit , but holy cow can you pick them . And this is coming from someone in a state that claims < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann as a representative . See , this is what happens when you vote without thinking ! But it's not too late to correct your mistakes ... get those republican stooges recalled ASAP !!! 
\Go to your profile . The first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ " \ 
I guess the issue wasn't the budget after all , it was about busting the union , when they couldn't do it under the guise of a tool to balance the budget they just straight out rammed it through . So to get it passed , they had to change how it is categorized and admit it wasn't financial after all . This was never about the budget . 
I didn't steal the bitch's dye . That's fo ' sho'! 
Can a US politician be fiscally conservative yet socially liberal ? Can you support gay marriage yet be against unions ? Why is it paradoxical to be anti-war and yet be pro-life ? When did politics become an all-or-nothing package deal ? 
Overheard on the bus today someone on the phone trying to explain what a walkman is . She said it's like an mp3 player ... \but kind of like VHS . \ " Times have changed . " 
Hope this sore throat that just popped up a few hours ago doesn't mean what I think it means ... that sneeze a few minutes ago isn't making me any more confident ... 
Uuuuugh 
Strep throat !! Boos ! 
I'm hungry but my throat's too painful to swallow . It's the most vicious diet plan ever . 
back to work ... 
Its supposed to hit 51 today , but the thermometer's been hovering at 37 for the last few hours . Weatherman fail again . 
I have 999+ unread messages in my hotmail inbox . 
Yo mama's so fat , < PROPMALE > Kenobi said , ' that's no < PROPFEMALE > ... that's your mama!' 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . You were quite the dame . 
It's official : Florida Rev . < PROPFIRST > Jones is the biggest fucktard in the US . 
Beautiful day today ! Biked 11 < PROPMALE > AND hit the batting cages ! Score ! 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the damn face . People who need a punch in the damn face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the damn face , except a punch in the damn face . 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ?.... Because they probably need a punch in the damn face . 
Getting my certification in First Aid/CPR/AED tomorrow . I hope I never have to use it . 
I've decided that I'm going to take after all my friends ' babies and throw tantrums when it's time for bed . Unfortunately I live alone and there will be no one to experience the epicness . 
American Idol was CRAZY tonite ! 
So yeah , I had a bit of an accident today ... car hit me while I was on my bike . Remember to wear your helmets kiddies ! 
About to go talk to the lawyers . Headaches , I'm sure , to follow . :) 
LOL moment of the day - I open my mailbox to find no less than 5 letters from ambulance chasers offering their legal services . 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . \ 
\ 
Re-posted from friends . 
Just did my taxes . I feel dirty . 
I was in the mood , but now I'm not . 
Spaghettios = best after bar food ever . 
< PROPFEMALE > DOGS win their debut tournament today ! It's going to be a great softball season ! 
Time to get rid of the depressing neckbrace photo . 
Great day atwork today ! All of my projects were approved on the same day ! So this is what accomplishment feels like - 7 years at FedEx was never this satisfying ! 
Boy am I glad THAT's over . 
The difference between my two cats : One gets angry at , and is tormented by , the squirrel outside the window . The other gets angry at , and is tormented by , the shower curtain . 
I need a new wardrobe . 
Happy 60th birthday Mom ! 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > saw < PROPFIRST>'s birth certificate . I don't beleive he was really born a < PROPMALE > . 
It will be interesting to see how Trump takes credit for this one . 
Let the political bickering begin anew . Democrats will try to take credit for what Bush wasn't able to do . Republicans will take the credit for building a military that was able to kill bin Laden . Trump will claim he did it himself . Bachmann will stare blankly and complain of the cost of the operation . It never ends . 
I'm tired of getting into political debates with closed minded people who will never accept a different point of view . I'm going to try to make my facebook a little less political . Those of you who TRULY know me knows what my opinion is - and are welcome to let me know when I break this vow . :) 
I'm making an awesome dinner . It would be a shame to have to eat it by myself . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars Day ??? Really ??? 
GRRRRRRRRR !!!!!! 
woke up from a nap and almost every limb is still asleep ! 
I am going for a walk and a think . Not sure I can do both at the same time . 
