Maybe I did mess up . Maybe it is my fault . All I know is I can't stop thinking about him . 

Crying myself to sleep again . 
Feeling a little better but still broken to a point . It took me a two years to get what I wanted and one day to tear it all apart and find myself so low I don't feel like getting up . But it's getting better . I admit I still hurt a lot but I'm managging to bury it nicely . * sighs * Life goes on . Even if I be left behind by it . Best get up and start moving again . 
Totally feeling screwed over . People trying to push for what they want and it's not what I want . I won't make it to graduate this year in may so I'll do it in the fall . I let a lot of people down . I pray mom didn't put the money in for the Cap and Gowned . If she did it's a waste of her money that could be put towards food . 
Wondering if it's all worth it and which path I should take . I just don't know anymore . Wondering if I'm even gonna make bowling tomorrow . 
Well over the weekend my brothers girlfriend was over and she was sick so guess what ???? I'M SICK TOO !!!!! So dang happy ! LOL 
Still sick but getting better . Running on tired as all get out right now and yet I still have lots to do . I miss him like no other . Life goes on and I keep on too . 
I'm gonna hate the summer . I'll never get to see you and I'm going to be very sad and alone . I just wanna be with you more than anything . Gues what I want and what I get are two very different things at this point . Oh well I guess you've got to lose to win huh ? I miss you ...... 
Trying to keep from thinking and feeling . Cause all I feel is hurt and destoryed . Nothing but tears . I'd rather feel nothing at all . Just be completely blank . No feeling no attachment just nothing . 
The numb finally came last night . Not sure I want to go back to feeling . Cause if I do I know it will mean going back to being sad again . I don't want to be sad again . I'd rather fake a smile than have to cry . 
Holy Hera do my fingers hurt today . 
To all my wonderful loving friends in the choir you have made such an impact on my life that words can neverexplain . You people are amazing . I love you all so much . I sing todays song My Wish For You to all of you who can go on to become better and stronger singers actors directers and composers . May the Lord bless you and may you do great things in your amazing lives . 
On the way home and it's starting to hit . Today was really the last day . I'm gonna miss my choir . You guys are the coolest group of poeple I've even know . Take life in stride and keep your heads up :) 
Cast in the name of God ......... Ye not guilty 
Only a sith deals in absolutes ......... I will do what I must . 
I've had no sleep since about 10:30 yesterday . Kinda sucks . This is taking a real bad toll . Three nights ago did't sleep till around 3:30 . Wednesday night slept at 3:27 then woke up at 4:30 got back to sleep tho . Thursday night no sleep . I graduate today as well as give a speech with no sleep . Can I ever just have my life back ? Or will this continue to drive me to not sleep to escape seeing his face in my dreams ? 
Three Cheers for Strep ! NOT ! Me is not happy . Oh well getting better now so that's a good thing anyway . Bless God for making doctors and meds to fix sickness . And bless God for letting me get sick . Gives me some thinksin time lol . Any whos gonna go to bed soon and sleep most of tomorrow :) YAY ME !!! 
Feeling down but brought it on myself . Where do I go from here ? I'm not sure . Just keep living and trying to move forward . Nothing really left for me here tho . 
Yesterday was one of the funnest days I've ever had . Got to < PROPFEMALE > with two cool guys for their birth day and had a lot of lazer tagging fun . Wouldn't trade it for the world . :) 
Had the best afternoon and evening . 
If you've never heard the music to Naruto you're missing out . 
Life is a funny thing . Leave home and be slightly stressed but have room to grow into a stronger better person will the will to face any challenge . 
Life and fate how you seem so crule . But I am in a role and I can't complain , I mean I could but no one's listening so I'm good :) The nightmares are fadding some so I'm doing a lot better hahaha ! Lovin life as much as I can . 
Well I'm league prez for the youth and I bowled a 207 today woohoo to me !!!! 
Resident Evil Afterlife is pretty dang cool love the sound track but no the getting sick part which is happening as we speak . God I hate stress and how it can kill but I suppose that's life . 
If it helps then it's a good cause right ? I think so . Haven't been to wrong yet . Keep the world outside the door and invite people to come inside out of the storm . 
Just another Hecktic day in the neighborhood . College , my brother graduating , and not enough sleep to do it all with lol . Life goes on tho and I keep moving with it . :) 
Why does it feel so crappy when a friend leaves for the Border and you get such a bad feeling in your gut . It just kinda grabs you by the neck and tries to choke the life from you . Honestly I can't stand how dark that path looks , but it's the one I'm taking . But I've got a flashlight . :) Just hope the battiers don't go out on me . 
Well I best be getting my life in order now . No reason to pretend that I can't . I make my own choices in this life and it's ' bout time I start making the right ones . God give me the strenght I need to be the person you know I can be . 
Filling out apps sucks some what . No really work history blows more and yet what's worse is no car :( grrr and ugh to the unfair world but alas I do have legs that work am I right ? So I'll find a way to make it work . 
Got the apps fillef out and all that's left is to put them in . Oh happy day . So soon I shall put them in and hope for the best :) 
Dear Big Toe\ 
I ask that you not be mad at me for saperating your nail from you . \ 
Love Elizabeth\ 
PS . Please stop hurting :) 
How do you explain it when you know the person you care for is disliked by everyone ? How do you tell them that's the person you care about ? How do you show that person that their the one ? Oh well life won't wait for me to find the answers so I guess I keep going till the answer smacks me in the face . 
It's time . I can no longer idly stand by and watch as people try to destroy me . I can no longer hold my toung and give them the free rain I have to walk all over me , each other and themselfs . I have let them hurt me and themselfs enough now . I have had to watch them suffer and myself lose many hours of sleep while looking for a way to help them . The time has come for all the injustices to come to light and be healed . 
Been doing some checking up on things and got out of the house most all day . Yay me ! 
Life's a funny thing . First you hate it with a passoin . Then it turns around and shoots you a drop dead goregous smile and you fall in love with it again . Then you go out holding it's hand as it guides you along never letting you fall . Or wait , maybe that's God I'm talking about ? :) 
Opening night for Shooting Stars . It's gonna kick some butt :) 
Wish me luck everybody . Opening night for Shooting Stars . Woohoo ! So excited :D 
Marry Christmas to you all . Hope it's a grand one . Love to the familys and much love to the brave worriors over seas and here at home that can't get home to their loved ones . God bless you all so much . 
Forgive my spelling but < PROPFEMALE > christmas and thank you to all the families and warriors over seas . God bless and have a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Well just one more day and I get to finish what I started to start . Then comes a life after Thurdays . So looking forward to this new life I've been working towards :) 
All these songs of a monotone nature seem to forge me at the moment . To close to my heart at the moment and it's breaking . I would rather go like I have been and just not give it the time to hurt . The time to cry . The time to want and regret . Oh well life will keep moving tomorrow . It'll be a better day . 
Yummy . Cream of mushroom and hot sauce . Way good . 
Looks like I may be taking my little brother to AIMS testing tomorrow . Night all and I great the day at 6 tomorrow . 
Made it to Payson just fine . No worse for the wear and just a little tired but other wise we're both good say for nerves and such . 
Having lunch with my old teacher and family . 
Been a lazy day desided to sleep most of it away . 
I've got pics to post when I get back on the montain yall woohoo ! 
I have returned to my home town . Vaca was pretty good lol . 
More Info OKAY ! WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH !!! Gas Strike March 10th ! This worked once before ... let's try it again . On March 10 if everyone does not buy gas for one day , it will hurt the oil companies . It's time we stood up to them . We CAN have a voice ... REMEMBER \MARCH\ " 10th DO NOT BUY GAS ! Please repost this to as many people as you can ... it is urgent that this spreads like wildfire " 
God Bless < PROPMALE > Manilow for coming up with the wonderfully hair brained idea of a song call I Can't Smile Without You :) 
Been to long a life to live lol . I realized I'd forgotten a lot of my life . How sad is that ? But I'm starting to remember again . Not sure if that's good or bad but I guess I'll find out soon enough :) 
Lost my icy/hot and what a bummer that is at the moment cause I could really use it right now 
Black Widows in the house is a bad sign . Scary as all get out too . 
Okay so the evil spider that ivaded my home is dead and gone I think . Black widow in the bathroom is a nightmare come ture . 
