Happy New Year everyone ... hope this year is different :] 

Posted some pics Comments plz thx 
Came home early . I don't feel good . Took a three houre nap . :O 
Uploaded pics of my dress . Comment and tell me what u think . thx :) 
Wishing that i could be different so things would be better ... but what can i say i dont think thats going to happen .. 
Why all the stress , anxioty . It does no good to presser people ... ugg its so agrivating !! 
Drill tomarro Woo Hoo !... Im so excited but ... 
Yay we pownwd like i knew we would ! Tired but happy :) 
I would like to say that < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Tucker and Cadden will be missed . They are all Amazing people and I think the comanders deserve a little something special . If you have any sugestions ... it would be much help . I love you guys ! 
Wish it was true but im very optamistic 
Oh my gosh my brothers are SOOO stupid !!!! 
Oh My Gosh ! My brothers are putting the video on youtube . Comment if you would like to watch it , but i am warning you i don't reccomend it if you have a weak stomach . 
I'm SO happy i can do RECONDO ! YAY ! :D 
Typing my resume ... just hoping 
I applyed ... but its going to be an agonizing wait ! 
Just got come from cheppos ... SO full 
Going to moms house .... hm ... mabye some fun in the sno this winter . Sounds good to me . :) 
People think their pirfict and that everyone else is wrong , well i am sick and tired of all the dramma and extra stress . I don't need it and frankly no one else does eather , but some people are so stubbern they just wont let themselves see it . 
* sigh * Missing out on fun , and a pointless infatuation ... 
Writing an essay ... grrr lol 
Chillin ... home work of corse got to keep thoes grades up lol 
AHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:( It is just over whelming i don't know why I have to do this ... 
The CERT Drill was SO Fun :) 
Ugh ... som times i think rotc causes to much drama ... but then again i love it so i could not get out of it . :) 
FINALLY DONE WITH THAT BLOODY ESSAY !!!!!! 
Yes i did it , I told him i like him and you know what . I don't feel better , i think i just destroyed one of the best friendships i have ... 
Hmmm ... I feel a lot better :) 
Well i didn't get the position but im happy for the people who did 
Going to miss all the Senior JROTC Cadets , i just hope things go good in the later part of the year ... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Testing is an ugly thing .... 
I HAVE A CUP CAKE ON MY HEAD !!! 
Being nicer and controling my actions and just revamping myself so if im a little edgy its not you :) 
Dining Out tomarro .... going ot be an interesting ride having < PROPMALE > , Jeremias , Me , < PROPFEMALE > , and her mom in the same car . It is going to be AMAZING ! :D 
So aperantly i pulled a something in my back at CERT ... yippy 
Its my grampa freds birthday !! :D 
Uh ... painting my nails .... i never do this ... im scared ! xD 
Ugh ... interviews went well but im strangly tired ... I didn't do anything today lol 
I just don't know ... 
AHG !! I wish i could just be normal ! 
Be honest ! Click ' LIKE ' if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile :) 
Had a mother daughter day and it went well :) 
Heding off to the optomatrist ... yay ... 
Today was pritty chill but it seems like it went to fast ... 
SUPRISE YOUNG LIFE MEETING !! Woo Hoo ... going to be at pandamonim ... this is going to be fun 
whass up every one talk to me !! 
Had an interesting day . I went on a hella long bike ride and got in trouble for being late . I am SO SORE !!! 
Just got done with a butt load of homework and i still have a bunch left and two tests tomarro !!! Haha good juck < PROPFIRST > i hope all goes well and you get Kelib back . ( sorry if i misspelt his name ) 
Chillin like a villin lol jk 
Home work out the butt hole haha been working since 2:00 !!!! 
Does anyone know if you have to bring your invatation to the graduation ? 
I feel bad doing that to him but it will never go anywhere and im not the kind of person to lead people on . He is probubly never going to talk to me again even though he said otherwise ... 
Hedding do the awards dessert ... hope it goes without a hitch 
* sigh * alas the deed of the night is done . The awards dessert , and the newest up date is im being given the silent treatment .... hm ... not a shocker but you know its not to be mean and i don't want you to dwell . Please move on , forgive and forget and put it behind you . There are many fish in the sea but I would not like to be excluded . Have a wonderful night everyone and Congrats on the acheivments !! :) 
Emilys party was amazing and im not looking forward to tomarro . UGGG SCHOOL ! 
Ugh people can be such ahhhh !!!!!!!! 
Summer camp here we come :D 
AH FRICK I WOKE UP AT 5:30 THIS MORNING !!! DANG YOU SUMMER CAMP !! lol :P 
I'm glad to be home , but off to another camp on the 12 
Leaving tomarrow for Minisoda . Woo be back the 20th :) 
Hey everyone I am on my way back to alaska it is going to be a LONG night 
BACK IN ALASKA AND HAD AN INCREDABLE TIME !!! 
At the airport for the second time this week to pick up < PROPFEMALE > banana lol if she knew I said that she would kill me hahaha 
uhg alergies suck lol hope everyone is having a great summer :) 
Have pink eye tariffic 
My interview went well im hoping i get the job :) 
IM WORKIN AT MCDONALDS ! 
Buisness is booming :) 
Hedding off to work WooHoo lol talk to yall y8terz bye :) 
Everything is hopeless ... 
wooohooo :) i like money :D 
ugh ... 
Excited i get to spend some time with dad and the fam yay ! 
might b going to the lake with some work friends :) 
Rough day at work to say the least but atleast i get off at 5pm tomarro so i can < PROPFEMALE > with somefriends for once 
Going out with my buds tonight :) Woop 
Considewring everything i think im doing ok 
well this sucks .... :[ 
Got my hair cut and dyed . It feels a little short though ... 
Missin my Bro over seas Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
