Bar bound ! Love u < PROPMALE > great friends and great company ! 

Wonderful new years ! Hopefully it's the beginning of the most wonderful year yet and it def couldn't b better 
Gettn everything ready to leave tomorrow ughhhh . But spent the whole day with the man that I love :) really gonna miss not being with him everyday 
Lasagna yummmmm ! 
One of these days my patients will run out and i will punch u n the face ;) 
Spent all day with the family ! Cocktail time with the old man ;) 
Got everything today gonna be up all night cooking 4 the family reunion . What fun 
Had a great time at the reunion glad I get to see everyone ! 
Things are about to really change ! I am so mentally tired ! 
Glad 2 have such great friends ! I love u < PROPFEMALE > i would kill 4 u ! We got this ! Fuck these men ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! I am content now 
There comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama & the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . After all , life is too short to be anything , but happy . Repost , if you agree . 
Me and the family just got home . We went out 2 dinner ! Had a great time ! 
Cant wait 2 be gone ! Tired of the bullshit tired of the cheating and the lies ! I am so done and I cant wait 2 leave ! Life is gonna be awsome here shortly ! 
I am happier now then what i have been n a long time ! Things r awsome ! It has took alot 2 get me here ! D-I-V-O-R-C-E :) ! 
Trying to find a apartment ... no luck yet ! Wishing my ex would stop calling u take that sorry and shove it up ur ass ! 
Can't wait to get off work vodka calling my name with my girl ! 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > gonna go c the Nashville Nubbin . It $5 to meet em and $10 to see the nubbin . It worth it because u will b amazed at how small it really is ! 
Went on a date last night . Had a great time until my keys became MIA and he told me he is going to be a dad in 2 weeks WTF doesnt sound like a single man 2 me ! 
Hitn the bars and backroads again after work :) 
Me < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > all < PROPFEMALE > out 2day went and got ice cream :) . Miss these guys so much ! We had great day ! This part was 10000 times harder then leavn that < PROPMALE > head i actually miss them that whats different ! Hope u can all get 2gether real soon ! 
Got a place finally ! I cant wait 2 start moving ! 
Cant wait 2 go ridn ! 2 more days nothin like bn on the back of a bike hitn the bars and backroads ! 
Had a wonderful day ! Watchn the kids swim < PROPFEMALE > and me enjoyn the sun ! Had a great ride and great company ! Glad i get 2 c < PROPFEMALE > again b4 she leaves ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and me have been cleaning and unpacking all day . We almost done just taking a break . Things r startn 2 really come 2gether i couldnt b happier ! 
One of these days i will have it all figured out today is just not it 
Glad 2b n my own bed n my own place ! I havent had ne freedom n so long its def different . Its weird 2 b n a house with no noise or someone getting n bed with u after wakn up 2 get em chocolate milk . I miss all u guys so much !!! Silence is different and no wonderful kids around is sad and different ! But all n all i am holdn up good and no matter what went wrong with me and dad I LOVE U ALL VERY MUCH ! 
Cant wait till 2night ! Drinks :) and good company ! 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > at the house . We waintn on the kids 2 go 2 sleep . This is y its so hard i miss these babies and getn 2 spend more time with them :( ! But we all still 2gether even though me and him r not ! 
We still up bout 2 crash . Kids went 2 sleep and adults had cocktail time . Hope they sleep in lol 
Please keep < PROPFIRST > Carrs family in ur prayers ! < PROPFIRST > was a great man and has been in pain 4 so long ! His dad and brother are going 2 need Gods help threw this awful time ! 
FUBAR !!! 
Y is it so hard 4 me 2 just stick 2 my diet ! Loose 5 and then gain 10 yea obviously this diet thing isnt workn ! Do so good and then everything ! Want 2 loose it so bad but i just cant seem 2 get my mind set 2 stay away from the junk food ! 
Didnt think things could get ne crazyer ... i stand corrected !!! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Carr . May God b with his family as he is laid 2 rest . 
Weekend is almost here :) bike ride 2morrow hitn chesters and leos 
Just got home . They bike ride and the company turned out 2 not b such a great time xsept 4 bn with my girl < PROPFEMALE > ! Thank u hash believe it or not i had a wonderful time ;) 
Its monday 4 me :( but my weekend was awsome ! 
Hangn out with < PROPFEMALE > 
Life is good :) !!! 
Budweiser :) great way 2 finish off my night 
Just layin around . Me and < PROPFEMALE > are recovering from last night . Miss not bn with em as much ! 
How is it possible to have strep throat n the summer ? Blah :( 
I feel like death ! 
Sat is almost here . Cant wait the whole day and night gonna rock ! Great people 2 b around all day and cant wait 2 c his face when i roll up ! A hell raisn day ! 
Had a great night ! Glad i get 2 c u < PROPFEMALE > and shuck ! Had a great time ! 
Ready 4 bed stayn up all night and day is overated 
Thinkn bout getn on the treadmill . Just thinkn bout it havent moved yet . 
A budweiser or 3 and then bed 
Getn ready 2 go 2 dinner with an old friend . After that we will c what the night has n store 
Had a great time 2night ! Its always nice 2 c an old friend ! Its crazy how things change from day to day 
A drunk mind speaks sober thoughts ! And i think i might have some thoughts like that alittle later on 
Glad 2 just b relaxin with my good friend 
Feeln sad :( ! I thought i had it all figured out at one point n time . I wish i had my old life back :( ! Things hitn hard 2night ! 
2 day is a new day 
Come on weekend !!! 
Goin on ride then out and about with < PROPMALE > gonna b another vodka night :) 
Enjoyd my days off . Was around great friends all weekend but its back 2 work 2morrow 
Happy birthday old man ! 61 my god lol ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and me just got done canin salsa yummm . Time 4 bed :) 
Thank u all 4 the birthday wishes ! Had a great day lunch with my family and seen an awsome bar fight 2 end the day lol 
Just enjoyn the day 
People amuse me i swear 
My night has been wonderful :) ! What more could i ask 4 ? Great friends all 2gether ... life is good ! 
Bed yeesss finally wore out 
Getn ready 2 meet up with my sissys 4 dinner then its off 2 work 
So ready 4 a change :) 
Went 2 go get a tat and totally changed my mind . The artist had one on his palm like i had wanted needless 2 say when the other artist told me it would fade that didnt even compair 2 the shit he had on his palm ! Def glad i didnt let the other guy do it b4 i found out what it would have ended up lookn like !!! 
Just relaxn enjoyn life . I am n an even happier mood then usual if thats even possible :) 
Hangin out with my sis today 
Getn ready 2 go on a bike ride 
I am soooo hungry ! Now i remember y i am fat dietn is just 2 hard ! 
Just flat pissed off !!! 
Sunday is almost here yesss ! Got alot 2 do this weekend . But also got plans with some great friends which i def need after the shitty week i have had 
FUBAR !!! :) 
Just got home . I have had such a great weekend ! < PROPMALE > out with great friends all day and even gave n and finally ate pizza yummm diets can b bent every once n a while 
All my housework is done and the bed has never looked so wonderful sleeeppp 
Just down :( 
Great night :) thank u friend ! I am happy and Satisfied 
Just here 
All ready a crazy day and its not even noon yet but what r friends 4 
The friend made me dinner 2night ;) its so weird 2 b happy again . Its weird but i am happy 
Just a great night ! Now its time 4 bed 
Feeling some better . Still sore and tired but get the stitches out tomorrow yesss maybe some of the swelling will go down then 
I dont want to c ne more ice cream 4 a while !!! 
Confused !!! What to do ??? 
2day years ago was a cold day in HELL !!! Happy Wedn anniv 2 me LMAO !!! 
I like it on the floor 
Food is amazing ! After living off milkshakes for a week chicken noodle soup is wonderful ! 
Poker run n the am :) lookn foward to it ! The pretty weather is almost gone at least one more ride b4 winter 
Had a great day ! Poker run was awsome everyone had a safe great ride 
So glad its my weekend ! Goin on a bike ride n a bit then drinks with some friends tonight . I cant wait def needn a good time ! 
Had a great night with < PROPMALE > yesterday . Now that i have recovered lets c what i can get n2 
All i can say is wow ! First times are always amazing 
Is it something n the air ? Two people i close with got n fights one last night one little bit ago . Its crazy !!! At least my friends won lol 
Exercise is over rated ! 
Bullshit or drama is something this girl doesnt take kindly to ! Go somewhere else with that shit ! 
< PROPMALE > and me goin to the gym . Our weightloss efforts have lastd longer then usual lol 
Good luck to all the bow hunters this am . Hopefully b makn jerky soon 
Got a car today yessss ! It suxd not b n able to go as a please . Then went to train days with dad ate all kinds of awsome food . Its bn a good day 
Had great weekend ! Five more days till its here again 
Gettn ready to go out to dinner . Date nights are awsome even if i am sleepy 
Warm toasty bed :) there is no better place right now 
Going to go tan then make some dinner . Date night at home :) nothing like a movie , dinner , and some quality time together under a big warm blanket . 
Weekends here yesss ! Getn ready to go out with some good company 
Gettn ready to go eat at chilis 
I sometimes think I just cant b ne crazier ! What a night WOW ! 
Cleaning up some then going to tan 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > . Miss our visits ! 
:) just really happy 
Its so crazy how life changes day to day . I am def n a different place now then what i was even a few months ago . Couldnt b happier and we will just wait and c where it goes from here 
Been watchn the rambo movies all day hells yesss 
So glad its the weekend . Gonna go c my daddy for a while . Dinner date tonight and housework n between busy busy day 
Haha it didnt work ! Still with em ! 
Getting ready to go c the man who i hate the most n the world ... the dentist ! Wish i could cancel again but guess i need to suck it up and go 
Great amazing night last night and a wonderful morning :) 
Tired uggghhhh but luckly tomorrow is sunday lots of sleepy n store and as always date night some much needed quality time 
Headn to greenvalley yep yep 
Had a great night out last night . Now its time to go back to the real world ughhhh housework 
Goin to get my tat worked on finally 
Happy Turkey Day everyone !!! 
All bundled up and relaxing in bed . It is def cold just the begining of another long cold winter 
Its 2am on my night off and i am sober wide awake and content what is wrong with this picture hmmmm guess its good lol 
Two faced drama queens make me laugh ! Next time maybe u should get ur facts straight 
If u ran as much as ur mouth does , u might b in better shape 
Need to b hiting the backwoods soon need a break , some stress relief , and some deer jerky 
16 hours tonight :( blah but had such an amazing night sooo i guess its ok 
Glad the team is back :) it rocks go team fatty lmao-kasey and < PROPFEMALE > 
So tired ! Cant wait to b n my big warm bed with the man ! 
So i woke up to water all n the floor and all over everything . The neighbors pipes busted and i got shafted with everything bein wet and ruined ! I hate life 
They r still working on the water leak its been crazy ! They pissed off the neighbors and threw them out and the neighbors payed em back by leaving the water runin over from the sink soooo like I said I got the ass end of the deal ughhhhhhh 
Great night ! Glad the water is fixed now if my cell phone would just work . Should b gettn my new one soon 
I have had a great day . I am happy and it just seems to keep gettn better hopefully it will just keep gettn better 
Layn around with the best man ever :) 
Had some rockn home made meat balls that the man made and now just watchn a movie . Have enjoyd my days off and time with him but guess its back to the real world early in the morning 
Cant wait to get home . Gonna spend the evening with the most wonderful man ! Everyone have a < PROPFEMALE > christmas ! So happy :) 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to everyone ! Hope everyone has a safe and blessed holiday ! I am spendn it with my hooker < PROPFEMALE > go team and bout to b spendn it with the man great great christmas ! 
Wonderful wonderful day ! I just keeps gettn better and better ! 
We r going to bed early ! Shower , Bed , and well hmmmmmm ..... 
Wish i was at home n the nice warm bed watchn porn or somethn with the man lol . Come on come on 
Feels like a hell raisn night 
Going to my dads to eat . Gonna b great food and great company 
Happy and loved ! That's all I can say bout that 
It's almost new years . I have been countn down this night . Me and the old man gonna drink all day and night and c what kinda trouble we can get n too 
Miss my man :( 
Glad to be home . Just relaxn at the house 
Life is so great ! I c now what happiness is all about and how life is suppose to b :) ! I am happy and it's about damn time lol 
The white hair is almost all gone at least for a few weeks . Just watchn tv with hashbrown wishn i was home with him 
Its almost friday :) cant wait to get home ! Gonna have a great weekend lots of quality time with him 
I have never had to much fun ... almost bar bound 
So much to do today 
Goin out with the man i soooo love him gonna b a FUBAR night 
Home early with the man I love ! Not a crazy night but pretty close time for some quality tlc action ! I don't thinknit could get ne better ! 
Had a wonderful weekend ! So hopefully it is just the begining of a great week and an even better weekend 
Get to go home tomorrow nstead of friday cant wait 
Hangn out with < PROPMALE > under a nice warm blanket . Glad to b home 
Y the hell did i quit drinkn ? I need a strong drink and something to cheer me up 
Laundrys done packn has begun now shower then some bed action :) 
Happiness is wonderful ! The week has def been filled with alot of good news 
The house work is done now gettn ready to go to the mall then to my dads . Cant wait till tomorrow wish me luck :) 
Everything went really good yesterday all I can do is wait now . Keepn my fingers crossed 
Well I have been laying on the couch trying to motavate myself to exercise but I am thinkn bout cookn dinner nstead GO SLIMFAST TEAM 
I HAVE DONE SOME PRETTY STUPID THINGS BUT HEY I'M LITTLE BIT HARDER AND A WHOLE LOT SMARTER THATS HOW I GOT TO BE THIS WAY 
Hangn out with my girlfriend today go team love u hooker :) 
Wishn i was home all loved up on the couch . Tired :( 
Just so happy my out look on life has changed so much ! Soberity lmao and a man who makes me so happy and feel like i am the only person n this world life couldnt be better 
Dinner is fixed the house is clean now for a movie and a beer with the wonderful man 
Cant wait to get back home have a great evening planed some quality time and lovens with < PROPMALE > . Just happy :) 
Great day ! Just got home went up n the woods , drank some beer , and had some great action :) Happy Valentines Day to me !!! 
Bennys workn late so pickd up some Lonestar and we ate while he was workn . Had a great valentines day . House work then back to work . 
Tired aggravated sober and thirsty and yet life goes on 
Almost time to snuggle up n the big warm bed . Def feels like just a night for sleep 
Today is def alot better day which means it will most def b an even better night ! Glad things r back to normal 
One more day come on come on 
The weekend is almost here . Gonna spend some time with the wonderful man and all i can think bout is cabbage rolls yummmmm thats def on the agenda 
Talkd to my best friend for a while tonight miss cn her but it was nice to catch up ! Goin to bed early with the best man feel blessed to have such great people n my life 
I LOVE U !!! Wonderful night with u < PROPMALE > :) 
Guess the weekend is over :( oh well five more days till its here again 
Me and < PROPMALE > joined the gym today . Felt good to begin our diet plans . Hopefully they stick this time lol 
< PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > just relaxn . Cant wait for us to crawl n the bed . Feels like a good night 
Stupid people make me laugh 
Today didnt quit go as planed . Disappointed :( 
Cant wait to get home and get n my big warm bed 
Cant wait till tomorrow < PROPMALE > and me gonna have some much needed quality time and an amazing day i am sure :) 
< PROPMALE > and me hade such a wonderful day I am sooo happy ! Now for the best part ..... BED hmmmmmmmmm 
