Sooooo bored missin my baby 

Happy new year 
I was inten pain Omg Lol that was a funny trip to the hospital 
GOOD NIGHT WORLD HELLO 2011 
Bet he turn his head just as soon as i pass him ... K . Hilson 
If you text or call with no answer its because im done with you and i changed my number happy new year 
Pink Panther is hilarious ! 
You little wet puppy Lol Lol Lol 
MY bf makes me SICK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
But i love him though he still makes me SICK !!!!!!! ~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!!!!!!!!!~ 
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored lol and tis computer is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sloooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww !!!!! cant wait til monday ! Breakfast with Spring Holz , Lugina Lovin'Life Kerr , < PROPFEMALE > and anyone else in sas going on the minnesota trip ... < PROPFIRST > Webb Minnesota then Mall of < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!! 
I cant believe im wasting my day on fb this is why i always o it from my phone otherwisw i would never get off the computer ! 
Trying not to be a fool and fall for the okee doke lol im probably gonna do the stupid the last time we tried this Momma said < PROPFEMALE > you dont need a thug I wonder if that statement still holds lol 
12 more days 
Happy Easter ! 
Going back to Pulaski < PROPFEMALE > few years to be a math teacher if they are still iopen ! IM happy about that 
Scored almost 4000 tickets at < PROPMALE > e cheeses b/c the machine was brokn lol 
On the way to Minnesota ! 
Passing wisconsin dells ! 
Just saw an actual cabin and tons of hay lol and barns 
< PROPFEMALE > and Mr. Redcorn and Litttle Tree im passing black river ! 
Lugina is telling stories lol we dont get to minnesotta twin cities until 2 pm 
Im starving and we dont stop for lunch until 1130 
Mcdonalds !!! Im hungry whoot whoot 
Food in my tummy and now we are headed to minneapolis ! 
Im in minnesota ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Spring and Lugina are creeped out at the days inn in minnesota two drunk creeps singing and talking to our door 
Baby im missin u dont allow love to lose ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ANGELS CRY 
Getting ready to head back home ... LOVED MINNESOTA DULUTH ! This is the school for me ! Cant wait til September when I can apply 
Im ready to go home I miss my mommy ! I have to find out how hard its going to be for me when I actually go to college : ' -C 
The next time your in the car or on a bus with a bomb just speed and your new life will begiin you will marry Mr. Reeves and live hapilly ever after ! Insider 
And I find it comical that you think you have it like that im the reason we don't talk but gone head have fun stroking your ego babes that's all you have 
Taking a practice act bored and tired as heck ! 
So irritated about to cry 
I need a sign 
< PROPFEMALE > ! Where are YOU ?! 
Hey Baby Hey I cant get a Hey baaby back with that lmbo 
ok so ttyl fb i will talk to all of you guys later im feeling better now 
And I keep saying please call when I know I won't see your name if the phone rings 
I'd go for broke if I could be with you ... Only you can make it right I only think of you on two ocassions 
And I have a question for all my fb guy friends ... why is it that guys dont show emotions as far as a relattionship is concerned after is over but trip as soon asthey think you moving on ? 
Mwdhkzljnkxl)mbh* xhcjccbMkjcbbbjhzJlln.com 
And its been declared that I am in love with < PROPMALE > Brown we've been in love for weeks now 
. 
Hey guys my bday is friday !!!!!! 
Just for the record < PROPMALE > and I are NOT DATING it just was funny to annoy him at the time lol 
La La La im singing because I am happy and Im happy because ima live and life is beautiful when you are beautiful when you feel beautiful it makes you h appy LaLaLa lol 
Man im bored for those of you that couldnt tell lol cant wait for my mommy to get home im lonely in a house full of people 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
KIMONA !!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ADAMS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
JOY LEITZKE !!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > HUNT !!!!!!!!!!!! 
MOMMY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
MR > DELOACH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
JOYNEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
CHARMIANE !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HEY GUYS !!! lol 
I have a joke u\\guys ... why did the chicken cross the road ? 
Now i have a strong urge to go to < PROPMALE > e cheeses 
? 
Do I take this risk or say forget it ? 
I love my < PROPFEMALE > Vazquez she makes me happy and keeps my head from hurting she also saved a life today but we wont go into details lol 
Sister is giving a mock interview think she is racist against blacks and crazy thing is she's black lol smh 
And even though you are farther away from me then ever I still find you in my thoughts my dreams my life . Why wont you just go away and give me some peace ?! 
< PROPFIRST > Hamilton teaches you about what love is and isnt has me in a groovy and mellow mood before my debate match 
And to any man who thinks I really want them I had what I wanted and needed and I got rid of that so I dont want or need u either k ? 
Today is my final varsity debate wish me luck peoples 
Maverick against Maverick nail bitter lol plus I hate this girl 
At my debate banquet 
Maverick of the year award and first place speaker varsity award ayeeeee ! 
Really appreciating Brennon Kroon right now thanks for the suub huns and < PROPMALE > Brown that handshake iis wack with no offense to brennon lol 
Drinking my free red bull is it really gonna make me hyper ? 
< PROPMALE > brown why won't You love me lol insider 
Im going to die alone lol 
So tired it hurts and yet I cant sleep 
And do I think I was born the wrong color ? Nope I was born this way to be sucessful as a black woman so you would sayy dang when you see my accomplishments ! Im black intelligent and proud ! 
Stupid phone wont let me get on fb ! Grrrrr 
< PROPFEMALE > made chicken broccoli corn texas toast and sugar cookies from scratch crackin lol 
She is the most ignorant idiot I ever met before in my life ... Wow 
It becomes aparent to me I dont wanna mess with a dude from the islands u tell me to call I did and u were supposed to call me back no aanswer im done waiting 
And screw the world right now let down after let down dont call me text me or anything screw EVERYBODY !!!! Minus a few . Sick of ignorant people 
And my Texting < PROPMALE > made me feel better maybe vegas is the way to go lol insider . World I don't hate You anymore 
And im here in the . Land of ignorant idiots . LORD give me the strenght to hold my tounge 
In class throwing rocks at my teacher lol ( insider ) 
My mommy is on fb ! Lol coolness 
I missed a total of 5 buses going to TAC 
And im officially engaged but to whom shall remain a mystery to all you facebookers lol 
Eating the sugar cookies I made yesterday waiting on the hubby to text and talking to my Zahdee I love her ! Lol and talking to my < PROPMALE > Brennon life is great 
Thanks guys for your support my fiance and I appreciate the encouragement even though we are young 
And fb I just . Want to apologize for my terriably late april fools joke lol marriage isnt a joke though people 
Its not even late and im already missing busses ! 
Attention all Pulaski students . We need $10000 for prom we need your help volunteering at Sonic if you can help please comment on this status 
And sorry baseballers for not saying good luck .... Let me know how u did ! 
Your going to have to love Ell so just deal with it ... Wait whose ell ? Lmbo wow my little sis is funny night hubby lol even though . Ur hard headed 
\Ya'll should grow the f up come here let me coach you\ " in the famous words of Jay-Z on to the nest " 
Two proms one week how exciting lol 
Stupid allergies ! 
Have my prom date have my party bus now all I need is my dress ! Whoot whoot casino royale here I come ! Lol 
Hey my bday is tomorrow !!! Going to cheer my varsity baseball team on ! they are bound to win and if they dont i can always beat them ! lol 
Going to the comedy show tomorrow night lmbo ( insider ) gramps is toooooo funny 
Picking out prom dresses with Shandallay via internet and prom songs drawing a serious blank here 
Going to get off the computer and argue with < PROPMALE > Brown 
And im feeling idk 
And im saying happy bday to myself an my sister lol 
Anyone going to pulaskis prom and want to ride on the party ? $35 ! We have 6 spots left ! 
And thank you guys for all the birthday wishes 
And a big good luck to all of my student council and extra participants at sonic today raise $ for prom !! Go team go lol 
Got over to sonic ad spport pulaski's prom tip well :-) 
With a backup dancer ?! She dont love herself lol 
And I just saved 26.04 at cvs 
Im a little teapot short and stout here is my handle . here is my spout ... Lol 
Student council and other volunteers are doing wonderful things ! They already raised more than last year thank guys ! 
And a big congrats to my pulaski jv team I support You guys plus my big little bro is on that team keep up the great work ! 
My mommy fixed my ' boo-boo ' lol 
And idk what else can describe how im feeling except this :-D 
Missing the hubby . He went to play basketball he will be back soon lol 
And i am in love with a man his name is Calc last name Ulus lol thanks to Ms. Green and Ms. Jagiel for introducing us lol i cant escape his grasps 
Scalp in on fire lol 
Got me like oh my gosh im so in love ... Usher ft will.i.am lol darn song is catchy 
No party bus 
Leaving from tutoring w/ my calc teacher she is awesome 
I just want to go HOME ! 
The hot male specimen intended to shoot her THROUGH the fetus LOL ! <--- (insider my mom is HILARIOUS ) 
And its amazing when you sit and think how GOD has made all of these small connections to your daily life GOD is LOVE 
They cutt it back on ! 
I think < PROPMALE > Brown is a fan of becoming a fan of things lol 
and my sister just called me ugly and told me i look like a boy is it true is it true ?! lol someone tall me its not true lol 
The hot female speciman ate hr stake with a fork and knife <--- (insider ) LOL ! 
And guys sorry its looking like NO party bus unless myy hunni bunni Mon can pull some strings 
Prom prom prom lol 
< PROPMALE > Songz ... enough said lol 
Man I do look bad I can feel that today isnt gonna be any good :-( 
Managed to cut my finger AND chip my tooth all while making copies 
How do you get arrested walking down the street ?! Lol 
My Granny is a BEAST !!!! Lol wow Granny is crazy 
About to start my Calculus quiz and thanks again to Ms. J for ruining my life lol ( insider ) 
going to die doing calculus 
maybe i wont die prom calculus my teacher is pretty helpful 
does anyone know the derivative of sec2(x ) Ms. J told us to learn our trig functions lol 
Hoping my granny can do my hair 
Haha my Granny is doing my hair lol XD 
< PROPMALE > brown if u can see tthis ... When you see this call me asap ! 
Cant escape the hair dryer short hair is supposed to dry faster :-( 
man my phone is forever dying 
DO NOT VOTE TORRIAN SUGGS FOR PROM < PROPMALE > HE IS A < PROPMALE > BASHIN JERK AND ACCORDING TO < PROPMALE > HE HATES BLACK PEOPLE . Vote paisly ! 
Haha im watching < PROPFEMALE > and the frog FINALLY ! 
I miss my < PROPMALE > 
6911 lol thanks dontrae for the reminder 
< PROPFEMALE > likes her prom date he is great lol and < PROPMALE > has a prom date too ! For everyone that called us dateless losers lol 
. . . . 
My mom is hilarious ! Omg she is FUNNY 
And < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > understands me lol 
Just left La Fuenta . My daddy took me . Big daddy PLEASE LOL <--- (INSIDER ) 
Who ever is in the limo w/ me and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > the price will increase by $11 to $33 but we get 6 hrs and can do dinner let me know 
Maybe we should all be banned from tv 
Your a hot mess im loving it heck yes 
And ya'll should be afraid of wha im gonna do next - Jay-Z on to the nex 
Dress shopping 
You fall away from your past and its following You know ... The fray fall away 
If ever there was a doubt my love she leans into me this most assuredly counts she says most assuredly ... Look after you The Fray 
And good luck to everyone taking the ap american gov exam today * fingers crossed * 
Haha told you JOY C . LEITZKE ! You owe me five tomorrow babycakes ! Lol 
Darn guess I owe Joy 5 lol 
Whats on your mind ? Lol insider 
Just finished my interview and < PROPMALE > Songz is HOTTTTTTTTTT ! 
People are hilarious ! 
And Good Night to fb ap exam inthe am and prom in the pm 
Happy Prom Day To Me ! Lol 
At Applebee's w/ my mentor ... LOVE MY MOMMY <3 
Beware of people with two first names ex : < PROPFIRST > James ... <--- insider My mentor is hilarious 
Happy mothers day to my mommy I LOVE You no matter how bratty I act I really really do ! GOD gave the perfect mom I LOVE You ! 
Im scared ! 
Dear mr < PROPMALE > lol insider 
Happy mothers day to joy Leitzke . my granny . < PROPFEMALE > redcorn . My aunts my mommy and any other mommys I forgot 
Prom pics have been uploaded feel free to tag urselves 
GOOD NIGHT FB AND AGAIN I LOVE MY MOMMY FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART 
And after we say I do Imma have a dance with You ... Want You to be my wife my wife my wife ... Raheem 
Had fun today didnt realize that I felt that way ... lol insider 
Well good night fb hope my mommy had fun at her bowling game LOVE You ! : -* 
Irritated with some people about to start deleting people . Have a nice day ! 
Got a job !!!! 
Wow im hurt Stephanieee < PROPFIRST > is leaving SaS I love you Steph we've had grea times together : ' -C 
A 4 to 530 going away party tell as many people as possible hoping a lot of people to say good bye to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
And so im gonna leave it all with the Lord and trust and believe . GOD is good he have me You ( mom ) 
Lol mommy its on ! 
LOVE You turtle and I LOVE You < PROPFEMALE > and mom because I LOVE You best of all You get your own sentence . I LOVE YOU TO TTHELOMA LOL ;-D 
Moving my hips like yeah nodding my head like yeah ... To the < PROPFIRST > brown theme song lol 
Im so sick of ghetto people ! How do u put truck tires on a car ?! Smh !!! 
Yay a cook out im too excited ! I wonder what my sister and I will bring ! < PROPFEMALE > has the puerto rican rice and < PROPMALE > has the grill ! Too excited ! :-D 
I go insane crazy sometimes trying to keep You from losing your mine open your eyes see what's in front of your eyes save me my fistful of tears ... < PROPMALE > 
Why do You people not give your smileys noses they can't breath and they look retarded lol give them a nose !!! 
And to all my < PROPFEMALE > buddies I hope You are standing out in this wonderful sun today 
Good night fb 
And You know maybe I just really LOVE You what more of a reason do I need ? Lol my excuse for today 
Screamin happy birthday to my < PROPMALE > ! 
Why are there girls on the bus trying to pull this old mans neck hair ?! 
I LOVE You <3 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > 
Hey hey hey buddies its almost one week before our cookout ! What are You bringing as a dish ? Can't wait to see You ! 
Today will not be good I can feel it ... :-( 
< PROPFIRST > smells like butt !! 
< PROPMALE > brown does unfathomable things in public lol so I hear from < PROPFIRST > 
Im all the way turtle lol insider my big daddy is too funny ! 
< PROPMALE > brown eats boggers 
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooo BORED : ' -C 
Lil < PROPMALE > is awesome :-) 
My goodness im so bored 
Any one interested in going bowling tomorrow for < PROPFEMALE > its at olympic lanes on 27 bring a small donation even if its only a dollar . You get 3 games for six dollars comment for more info 
Like if You look like hancock in one of ur pics or know someone who does lol insider jk djlw jk 
I . H . Y . D . R . A . B . L . 
La la la la la lol bored 
What does it mean if You dream about your teeth falling out ? 
I might of missed You but I will never admit it lol insider 
Its so hot I wish it would snow lol 
Come bowling with me after school today its seven dollars for three games and it goes to < PROPFEMALE > if You donate more 
ILAOY <3 TO MY FAMILY AND REALLY IMPORTANTT FRIENDS : -* 
Integrams are awesome I <3 calculus 
This is for You <3 \ 
:-D 
LOVE and basketball most beautiful movie ever ! 
I smell likee cheeessseeee ... 
Shonte You stink ! 
It feels great to have this out in the open now its awesome . I apologize again for last night I LOVE You 
My sister just permed my face 
Where is < PROPMALE > the bug ?! LOL WOW SHE IS HILARIOUS ! And now < PROPMALE>'s cousin is calling wow 
\Truth is everyone is going to hurt you . You just have to find the ones worth suffering for\ " - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
Hey hey he people today is the day ! The festivities start at one buut the . Grill wnt be lit until two call or text if you have any questions or concerns 
Lil < PROPMALE > is the most attractive ugly person ever lol 
I LOVE You 
We're Jammin we're jammin we're jammin man < PROPMALE > Marley is awesome 
Lugina !!!!! Answer the phone ! 
The hangover is a crazy movie 
How dare You she's a nice Lady lol 
Why ?! Am I watching my uncle and brothers play YuGiOh ?! Lol too priceless smh 
Im looking at this student achievers book and all my friends are in there and my sister and my bf that's awesome 
< PROPFEMALE > is an awesome movie a classic 
Inbox for the new number 
fb-Simone 
Lord bless us all-Simone 
Baby one two three tell get the referre cause he can get the knockout lil < PROPMALE > is awesome-Simone 
LUGINA ! ! ! Where are you text me back ! Lol-Simone 
My bus drives cant drive and im late to school-Simone 
Drop the world lil < PROPMALE > describes exactly how i feel right now-Simone 
I wonder how people catch bugs like crickets and grasshoppers lol-Simone 
Dont you hate it when you fight with a person then realise you got mad for nothing then you feel bad ? Thanks conscience-Simone 
Late again what is wrong with this lady ! -Simone 
Not only am i not at school yet and not only was she late but NOW SHE IS TALKING ON THE PHONE ! -Simone 
My sister is HILARIOUS ! She has me laughing so hard im crying lol-Simone 
Wow my bus drives was only ten minutes late today maybe i can be on time-Simone 
City bus is free today-Simone 
Its like i waited my whole life for this one night and < PROPFIRST > brown is still the man ! Lol-Simone 
< PROPFIRST > i love you i am so very proud of you and your accomplishments rock the house tomorrow-Simone 
To all my special seniors those of you in ap us hist and in my advoc i love all of guys and my seniors in calc congrats guys u made it ! 
My cat is hilarious chasing paper like a dog she is too funny-Simone 
Cheesecake factory first and last time lol-Simone 
When we are together I be feeling so strong but when we area apart I dont know where to start ... I wont survive without it I would flatline cause my heart beats for you ... < PROPMALE > Songz Flatline 
How did everyone like @ < PROPFIRST > Marroquin \s speech ????????? be honest " 
how did everyone like @ < PROPFIRST > Marroquin s speech ? BE HONEST because I wrote it lol 
how did everyone like @ < PROPFIRST > Marroquin at graduation how was his speech because I worte it lol 
How did everyone like that speech given by the valedictorian ? I wrote it annd it was delivered by the valedictorian < PROPFIRST > Marroquin 
I just offically applied to my first college I can proudly offically call myself a senior ! 
New < PROPFEMALE > and orange chicken-Simone 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > and to anyone else who has a birthday today 
Lugina amsterdam is NOT always the answer lol 
About to kill myself cutting a mango lol-Simone 
Shonte happy birthday baby ! Lol 
This man is in this store stealing-Simone 
I got hate in my heart love on my mind-Simone 
Just missed two buses beautiful-Simone 
On my way to the movies with the little sister - < PROPFEMALE > 
Just say a guy pull a gun on an officer-Simone 
About to leave town even though i will be right back-Simone 
Steal n shake makes me want to ring - < PROPFEMALE > 
Tac picnic today i missed my buddies lol-Simone 
The picnic was fun now im combing silly string out of my hair lol thanks a lot maurice-Simone 
8675309 lol-Simone 
Applying to more schools-Simone 
these schools make it impossible for < PROPFEMALE > to apply ugh lol 
Mad at lugina lol-Simone 
Lost my college essay and is finding it extremely hopeless to apply to this school grrrrrr gppd thing my mother taught me determination 
Completed my first day and man im sleepy lol cant wait for tomorrow-Simone 
Just created my own chicken cheese onion mushroom pizza awesome was tired of eating cheese lol-Simone 
Horrible day and im not even at work yet should have asked my mom to pick out my clothes lol-Simone 
On my way to work im uber excited lol-Simone 
Just got off work i liked it was pretty fun for work lol-Simone 
Happy to be off-Simone 
Wow this movie is a head shakes-Simone 
What GOD has for me . . . I know without a doubt that he will bring me out what GOD has for ME it is for ME-Simone 
Missing you and i dont know why . Pathetic as my little brother would say-Simone 
Finally beautifully fixed my hideous friday work uniform lol good night fb work early tomorrow-Simone 
On my way to work with lugina-Simone 
Is going to camp matawa this year ! Yeah baby there is still a moose lol-Simone 
Scratching my mosquito bites raw ugh what purpose do they serve ? -Simone 
STARVING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This Scholarship site just cruched my dreams by telling me not to even bother applying lol thats rude 
Love my sister she is the best like this stat if you love your sister-Simone 
Again why ! - < PROPFEMALE > 
Its a pillow its a set its a pillow pet lol-Simone 
All ready for work-Simone 
I just want this bus to come so i can go to work ! -Simone 
So bored practically home alone tonight lol-Simone 
This is just stupid for real i was perfectly ok yesterday-Simone 
Glad to be off work it was a pretty easy day-Simone 
Going to vanessas for dinner-Simone 
I HATE BEING HARASSED ! -Simone 
I have finally realized the worth of a dollar lol-Simone 
At vanessas going to go home soon though-Simone 
Im mad i just woke up singing mister rogers lol-Simone 
Getting my . Phone engraved at Summerfest lol 
I just dont understand :-[ 
Yay im too excited 
Precious Carth pull through < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in there 
We live in a country that seems to be in a massive state of delusion whre the ieda of what you are is more important tthat you actually being that most o 
f them are not really willing to work To the degree to live up to that 
Do I or dont I ? 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! 
Sittting in class with my mommy she is tooooo funny lol 
Omg I actually danced with a partner today yay !!! 
I know without a doubt that he will bring me out . What GOD has for me . It is for me . 
Not even thinking anymore operating on auto pilot 
Im mad im sittin here like a lame watching the bet awards for the first time going gaga lol 
About to ride these rides im too scared lol 
A weddinng a wedding yay lol congrats guys lol 
Yummmmmm turkey hamhocks lol insider 
Heading into work 
Party hardy lol 
Volunteer to help flood victims and recieve a tour of mayors office inbox or text for detailss 
Just watched the sunrise back to bed I go lol 
Ugh my shoe just broke ! 
Just finished my weekly shopping lol 
What do I say when I have nothing to sayy ? Oh I have it lol Have a nice day 
Looks nice now its time to TWIRL lol insider 
People are just wow sometimes 
Thinking 
Screaming HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MOMMY ! Happy Birthday I Love You 
And I just keep on aiming for the impossible lol it has to pay off at some point 
Hopefully I can get this redone ... hopefully 
Out with the old in with the new 
I love my mommy :-D 
Finished my weekly shopping with my mom now on to work 
Closing a short chapter in my life simply to begin another this summer was great to me I made connections and bonds I never expected and will use thank you all 
Just drove my mommys car ! Lol and parked ! 
Im here and leaving in about twenty minutes missing the family already 
Coming home tomorrow too happy I missed my mommy and my siblings lol 
On my way home from camp had too much fun 
Finally home 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Creeped out by the guy sitting next to me on this bus 
Just got accepted into carthage im too excited ! 
Happy Birthday party to my Mommy lol 
No that's my son ugh my nephew no my daddy . DUH STUPID OF COURSE ITS MY MOM WE LOOK JUST A LIKE 
My calc teacher told me to get excited about ap calc so get ready for random calculus equations 
Derivatives 
Sin2o+cos2o = 1 
Differentiation is the process of finding a derivative . A derivative is a slope 
45.45.90 triangle has a hypotenuse of square root of 2 is one of the special triangles 
30.60.90 triangle half of a 2by2by2 equilateral triangle it has legs the lengths or 1 and square root of 3 and a hypotenuse of 2 
I <3 the unit circle it makes trig sooooooooo much more simple it has 4 quadrants 
All radians are divided by 180 for example 90 s half of 180 which equals pi over 2 
Now im going to throw in some history trivia for all you history lovers lol what is the genetic disease primarily affecting black americans ? 
He was the first african american to hold the post of secretary of agriculture 1995 
In 1848 who was the first president of liberia 
Ok back to math polynomial functions are continents everywhere 
Lol ! Watching progressive commercials will never be the same ! Love you guys ! 
Done for the day :-) 
On my way to school 
Sigh 
Omg I jus saw a conveyor belt dropping tiles into a rectangular cube I wonder how fast its weight is increasing 
I am going to DREAD riding this yellow bus will be so happy once im up and driving lol 
Phenomenonly bored lol can't wait for my mommy to get home :-D 
At culvers with my siblings good times that was money well spent lol 
Yay shoes now bowling ! 
My family is CRAZY ! Lol love them 
I swear like thirty people get on this one stop its alright im going to count tomorrow lol 
I was up like a light lol 
Starbucks then school :-D 
School is Over lol yay ! Thank you early release 
Riding on a bus ! 
Imma teach you how to fight ! GET UP FIGHT LIKE REAL MAN 
On my way to escuela 
How was your day ? I want to hear all about it 
Wow 
Just finished my < PROPMALE > project now im waiting for class 
You are the only exception ! :-D . PARAMORE WOOOH LOL LOVE THAT GROUP 
Ke$ha deserved that award the loser couldn't ever find the stage ! 
Kanye really does it when he is expected to doesn't he ? Lol ? 
Ugh I just want my mommy ! 
Day 1 ! 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh .... Its alright wont let this set me back 
Im lost ! 
People ... What honestly drives our emotions and pushes us to do what we do and say what we say ? 
Day 2 :-) 
What a beautiful day ! 
Sitting at the barber shop this little boy is fighting the barber 
Home ! 
Party Hardy lol 
What's the point I wish some people would just go away and stop being so petty but its fine the LORD puts people in your life for a reason . I wonder what is my lesson to be learned here . 
Off of work get to start at my branch tomorrow :-) 
I have a million things to say and hundreads of ways to convey my thoughts but how do I say what I feel and sow whats real when its hard for me to decifer what i mean and feel when I am unsure most of the time myself ? Life is dificult or so we say when in all actuality we make life this way . 
Lugina Lovin'Life Kerr I love you Sis !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Lugina Lovin'Life Kerr , Precious DoinMe Hill , - < PROPFEMALE > Zwinky < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Echeveste love you all ! 
Getting ready to leave this place MAN IM TIRED 
First stop ATLANTA ! 
Just landed in atlanta ! 
In the south lol 
Sitting in < PROPFEMALE > watching this train that's been going for honestly like ten minutes now when think its over another hundred train cars roll part lol 
Driving through the country mooing at cows lol 
Pool time ! 
Omg crazy family driving through the south honking at people lol ! 
Buffet buffet buffet buffet buffet lol 
Omg loved the service here at < PROPMALE>'s the food was life changing and so was the service . Never had anything like it 
Getting ready to come home 
Crying looking crazy ! Going to miss the family ! :^) family love is strong missing them already back to milwaukee for me 
Riding through the streets of milwaukee already want to go back to < PROPFEMALE > 
And Drake seems to always heal what pieces of my heart I think i've lost music has the power to change the world 
Watching Save the Last Dance 
Mad we are the ONLY school that has to be in attendance tomorrow stupid school lol 
< PROPFEMALE > just a fly killed ! What a monster ! 
Congratulations to my P-House football team on their BLOWOUT ! Go TEAM GO ! 
I have a million things to say and no idea where to start lol happy almost tuesday < PROPFEMALE > 
Hurry up four thirty lol 
This teen is on the bus wearing thin leggings when she turned to sit down I could see her underwear through her leggings ! Smh at what our generation has become ! 
I like it on the living room table 
I like it on the floor of the bus 
Like my status and I will tell you my favorite thing about you 
Never thought I would make it to this place but here I am :-D < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue 
Short and fat ! Lol !! Insider I know I be having some serious fun with my people ! 
I hate the new buses they are painfully cold 
Abcdefghijk .... P ! Lol insider 
Homecoming was great ! 
Just made a pizza from scratch dough and all lol 
Precious you suck I haven't heard from you all day ! You suck lol 
Just wants precious to know im not mad any more lol ! Oh love you too < PROPFEMALE > enjoy your day at school guys 
Discount ! Lol insider :-D 
What to do until one thirty ?! 
Just got off the phone with my number one lol love you girl you know who you are ;-) 
At Mps headquarters and these people look a mess lol ! How do you look twenty from the back and eighty from the front lol ! 
Im late and I feel like Crap what else could happen today ?! I bet I don't even want to know 
If I still feel this way by friday im making a decision I need to make for me 
Precious where are YOU ? COME OUT COME OUT WHEREVER YOU ARE LOL ! 
Hey soul sister I don't want to miss a single thing you do tonight :-D -Train 
Starting my day out right with coffee oatmeal and with a smile on my face enjoy yours ! Happy Thriday :-D 
Riding to work missing my mommy 
Wishes that her phone would ring and it would be precious that would be nice lol 
Im in such a pleasant mood im in such a good mood I want to sing ok 
Never is he ever better than my homie < PROPMALE > ! 
Precious I can't wait to see you again either lol 
Mad this broad won't answer the phone ! You KNOW who you are lol 
Im so tired my eye is jumping ! Just want to sleep but that's not happening today long day and might ahead of me 
Thanks mommy for my nails and feet I got you next week ;-) 
Precious , Ken-Nia , Stephanie , Lugina , Spring I Love You Guys <3 
Party party party lets all get chocolate wasted :-D 
Precious just won the loser of the night award again ! 
Your a jerk lol 
Pizza shuttle !! 
I know its late but I had a beautiful time today ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > spring Lugina and < PROPFEMALE > 
Its early in the morning and Precious got me acting a fool trying to find ou who Dolli is girl dont make me come to < PROPFEMALE > !!! Lol 
Had the perfect weekend back to school and work tomorrow 
Its a new day hello world lol 
My bus driver is a fool he just passed up the bus stop with all the ghettos lol ! 
Im in such a delightful mood only thing that would make me even happier is hearing your voice :-D cloud nine 
But what am I gonna say ? When you make me feel this way ... Wherever wherever wherever you go :-) 
Where is my little < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Oh Heck naw oh Heck no I wil not be replaced by her PRECIOUS IM YOURS AND YOUR MINE WE DONT DO THIRD PARTIES !! Lol 
No more holding her purse discount ! Lol 
Love and basketball ! No calls just text ! 
You you you you you you man its time to pull out the old < PROPFIRST > brown albums im in such a beautiful mood precious call me ! 
You and doubled standards in this relationship im on my last nerve lol 
What kind of a loser makes fun of people on horses ? Ugh lol I love you though I thought your mamma said shake the haters off not become one lol ! You kno who u r 
About to miss the el auto bus 
Didn't miss the bus now I can go back to my rants of how happy I am because I am :-D 
This girl got me acting like a psycho stalker today Smh im too young for all this stress its time to point them out PRECIOUS you are going to drive me to drink a soda today ! 
Gator boots with the Pimped out Gucci shoes ! 
Not in the mood no calls or texts unless its an emergency 
So so so so so itchy ! 
Good luck at your poetry reading tonight Precious ! 
N . E . R . V . O . U . S 
Im just so ugh right now can't even express how I feel right now im a cross between disgusted and just fully irritating but I really shouldn't let peoples actions get so deep under my skin that's what they want . 
You know my ain't gone go no where so beautiful so hold me tight don't ever let me go cause you know im only living for your love - < PROPMALE > Songz Flatline 
At Stack'd with mommy about to watch her eat < PROPFEMALE > bison 
Bad day turned good for the most part 
Shopping with my mommy 
Had a great time good night world 
Me and you and zaboomafoooooooooooooooo .... we are doing the the things that animals dooo 
About to do my tac application and possibly my uwm and uwo applications as well . Happy to be off work 
Never telling you anything again ! Jerk lol 
Im about to be a widow 
Im divorced and loving it ! Im ready to sign them papers papers ! Im leaving never to return again ! 
And im keeping the kid ! 
And the Panda and the monkey and the moose and the elk ! 
And the baby shark ! 
Singing to PRECIOUS I said I think you need to call < PROPMALE > call him and tell him come on help you to get your s ... Lol ! Yeah jerk you think this is a game ? Because its not but really though I love you : -* and you Steph and especially you ken-nia have a great day ! 
Work then off to tac . Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
Short and fat ! 
Precious I just told on you ! Lol it was my duty as a cit3 I had to tell her what a story crafter you are lol ! 
Precious I should NOT wake up to twenty text messages and fourteen of them are from your statuses learn how to go to sleep 
Such a random party lol so very random 
Had a great time at Springs Halloween Party her parties always CRACK lol 
Sitting in starbucks getting ready to start work 
What a beautiful day 
Uh oh we got < PROPFEMALE > in the SAS House Discounts for all participants lol insider 
Not in your best interest home boy lol the things you hear in the store I tell you 
Just realized I haven't heard from my ' husband ' since this morning lol where you at girl ! 
This headache is going to make me throw up 
HUNGRY !!! 
Wish me luck 
You don't need no one else ... Drake 
Aww man I love you girl Precious you know all my secrets lol but there is no discount for that sorry 
Its going to be a late night lol 
On the camoooooooooooo lmbo ! Tthat was HILARIOUS KALLIEEEEEEEEEE 
I want to drink the largest bottle of water possible ever when I get off ! 
Feels good to be on my way home 
Omg ! 
Zumba with the daughter lol where is my husband . wife lol 
Enjoying the rest of my evening with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > enjoyed body attack my feet are sore 
Its November forth ! Where did the time go ? 
And just know I love you no matter where the Lord may guide us my love for you will always remain the same . 
And its unfortunate that love never lets you use the right side of your brain ... The dream 
Ugh broke my nail class was good though 
Sitting in starbucks eating banana chocolate chip bread before work 
Im mad she playing nanny mcfee in whitewater lol beat bowing can calm the children who knew lol 
Countdown ! 
What a hopeless loser . :-P 
My love has a limit 
I have to beat up my < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow shame shame lol he should know not to threaten me by now lol 
We can dance until we did . You and I will be young forever ! .... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > teenage dream . My guilty pleasure 
All you packer fans can chew on a dog biscuit THE COWBOYS ARE IN THE HOUSE !!! With love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Only me I SWEAR 
Dodge county ! 
Oshkosh 
Appleton Wisconsin 
I got to see one of my uncs today !!! Excited ! Missed them ! 
Say im a liar a cheater say anything you want as long as its over ... Blame it on me Chrisette < PROPFEMALE > 
Milwaukee Wisconsin 
Does anyone else feel like their mother might be part psychic ? Mine always can smell when something is wrong lol 
Not really in the mood for anyone right now no calls or texts please 
Glad I finally got that off my chest now I see out friendship sisterhood reaching new heights . I love you < PROPMALE > ! Lol 
Going to bed before eleven or twelve I love it ! 
AWW I LOVE YOU PRECIOUS HILL ! 
She is crazy but I love her having too much phone on this phone I love you too p money 
Boys is peacoats with baseball caps lol ;-) 
Wow nice < PROPFEMALE > 
I love my job love my family love my life . Thank you GOD for all you have blessed me with . In a spiritual mode :-) 
Whooooooohoooooooo its fridayyyyyyyyyyy !!!! 
\I gave you a f'ing cookie now settle down ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > J . " 
\Dont shoot a fake gun at me ... I will Kill you . \ " - < PROPFIRST > J . " 
There just is no pleasing some people 
Bad day ! 
At worshipzone with Cyera ! I know im about to cry like a big baby 
Sleep ! 
Just woke up feels nice to sleep like I don't have anything better to do lol 
Answer a question fb . Why do you like me ? What intrigues you about me ? Just curious . 
will someone tell me what all the q & a stats are about please the curiosity is killing me 
someone jsut told me to play this game so inbox me a question and i will answer it on my status . sounds like fun 
dont no body wanna play this game with me lol im hurt 
this game is fun if only people wuld play with me lol 
Q : who was cruch at barton ? \ 
A : < PROPFIRST > Evans and < PROPFIRST > Gousha lol i was young what can i say 
Ask questions I will answer them when I wake up . Ttyl fb 
Q . Would you eat my boogers if that was the only way to keep me alive . A . Yes because you are who you are but the real question is would you do it for me ? Lol 
Q . How awesome am I ? A . Your very awesome even though you rarely return my calls or texts I still love you . 
Tired : ' -C 
Ok im in lol inbox me questions . 
Q . Why are you so slow ? \ 
A . It depends on what u r referring 2 lol 
Q . Do you miss me ? \ 
A . NO im still mad at some of the off the wall things you say to me 
Q . What did I say to make you upset ? \ 
A . It was a comination of a bunch of things from your actions and your words 
For all of you that are confused about my standards im not stuck up im selective lol 
Missing my mommy 
Heat hot water ?! XD 
Im so sick of that name ! 
Put your number in my inbox if u think im cute ... make this your status & see how many < PROPFIRST > you get . 
So its raining and its ugly but ... Its FRIDAY ! :-D 
You will not win this poke war bring it on ! 
Where is my husband ?! I miss her lol 
Got that glitter on my eyes ... Looking sick and sexified ... We r who we r ! Ke$ha 
Hey boy I really want to be with you cause your just my type oh na na ... Rihanna what's my name 
Screaming happy birthday to my bestesttttttt friend ever ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > enjoy your day ! 
If I didn't know any better I would swear it was a beautiful summer night lol 
Did anyone else know there was orange juice in mountain dew ? 
Oh where oh were has my husband gone oh where oh where could she be ? With her hair so long and her daughter so nice oh where oh where could she be ? Lol 
Wisconsin weather is rude lol has the nerve to be hot then cold then rain then turn all the way around and be cold again its November STAY COLD ! 
Idrtltityilybisdaawdrlisuwbthdomwmntdbiscfyaihymmetysyd . Yes people it does mean something lol 
Just successfully made churros :-) 
Happy Wriday !!! - < PROPFIRST > J . 
D/dx sinx = cosx 
D/dx(uv) = u(dv/dx)+v(du/dx) = udv+vdu product rule fun stuff lol 
Why what's up ... Press the like button 
This man is HILARIOUS 
He took the key to my heart lol he better keep it safe 
My mamma is in the kitchen throwing DOWN I can taste the food just by smelling it ! :-D 
She doesn't realize she really hurt my feelings the last few days smh but on a more positive note its almost time for food ! And cake and pie can't forget that ! 
Going to finish my dirty work lol ttyl fb 
Psycho 
... 
Day2- my spiritual flame is dense and dark 3 by the end of the day I want it to be at 6 I want to generate happiness today I need to hear this ten times today 
My darkness is an absence of light 
Wonder if my husband has left yet call me girl lol 
Cold ! 
It that turkey ? Lol insider 
Its amazing to me how much people change and it seems as if you are the only one who stays the same 
So I was forced into taking the 19 to school lol today is going to be hilarious ! 
Im looking for a blue spiral notebook last seen by the teachers lounge wow dumbest announcement ever 
Me and < PROPFIRST > are no more 
They hear about your cons but focus on your pros and love you from the bottom of their soul- Drake 
Sick of people seriously ungrateful people just people in general don't call or text 
Finally on the stupid bus to go home I hate audits and have mcts lol they are both time consuming 
Hoping my Springy is alright 
You want mine ? ;-) 
Feels like Crap 
Got a bplus on my < PROPMALE > project 
Huh lol 
Its snowing ! 
You && I should _____ before 2010 ends .! Post this as your status and see what answers you get :)) \ 
([ post on the wall )] . 
Happy December ! 
Eat . Pray . Love . 
Oh I tell you I am done with this broad . Cheater PRECIOUS ! 
To the doctor I go 
I won the first poke war now the second is on ! Bring it ! 
Gonna take my husband back I love her lol but the infidelity has to S T O P 
Taking my husband back I love her lol we are going to be doing things the right way lol 
I < PROPFEMALE > Gorins am a clutz 
I can't decide what to eat ! Im getting really sad lol 
Let you put your hands on me in my skin tight jeans be a teenage dream tonight- K . < PROPFIRST > 
There is a little truth behind every story 
Work in the am 
How many of you guys did cartoons as your profile picture ? 
Like this and I will tell you what I can't stand about you ;-) 
We are about to make have a panda party where is my husband child and my lovely ken-nia ?! 
Finally left work looks like no Panda party tonight oh well in a week or two I can wait as long as my husband is safe its worth canceling lol 
This guy in mcdonalds is FINE !. Lol im a mess 
Those two have given me a great idea ! We should start something called the Panda Girl foundation and have it be like another sas but not just focused on academics but on life and everything and have a CAMP ! It is a dream come true lol 
Done with a lot of you if you text with no response you answered the question for yourself 
Like this status and I will make a confession to you 
My friends are idiots but atleast I know they CARE LOL ! Except Spring she knew not to take me seriously lol 
DONE 
My husband my daughter and sister Ken-Nia made my night on facebook they are HILARIOUS ! 
She may be a cheater a liar and a jerk but she is a great husband father and friend I love her Precious 
COFFEE :-D 
Just < PROPMALE > RAW sushi its even better than cooked sushi 
Can anyone tell me the actual definition of differentiability ? 
D/dx(v/u ) now with the variables how can that possibly equal 7/25 ? 
Where is my husband I haven't talked to her like all day ! I wish she would call or send a smoke signal or something ! 
Im sick of only hearing from you on fb I miss calling you and hearing your voice ! Can you say SEPARATION ANXIETY ? Something has to give 
What is the antiderivatives 
Work :-) :-( 
What was the senior meeting about ? 
DONE with this sheet tonight 
My besties favorite team is winning what more could a best friend ask for ? 
Oh snaps its not even eleven and everything is done ! Good night world ! Good night husband , child , and besties all 6 of you . Good night stars good night < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Haha im in on the number game inbox me < PROPFIRST > 
Number 23 Omg you are BEAUTIFUL lol 
Number 3 gee you are FINE ! 
Number twenty three you are hilarious I miss you 
Number 8 I promise to strangle you if we don't < PROPFEMALE > out soon lol ily and miss you 
Number 50 man you are HOT ! And you have a poetic soul used to have a < PROPMALE > crush on you lol took me a long time to speak up and I don't remember why we ever stopped talking 
Just lost my darn wallet ! 
Still playing the number game :-) 
Number 99 Omg I LOVE you you keep me laughing and your butt is HUGE ! You are great and give wonderful advice . There isn't a time we see each other that I don't laugh my butt off 
Number 657 one of my home skillets you are always pleasant and you are beautiful inside and out ily 
Number 72910 I bet I know what your number stands for lol you are amazing as a person and beautiful and a strong woman . You deserve the world :-) 
Number 17 you are beautiful with beautiful views on life I believe you will make it far in life 
Number 42 Omg Ily GIRL ! I miss you also you talk just as crazy as I do and you < PROPMALE > afraid to speak your mind ... My kind of woman lol 
Number 94 Omg you are a Hottie too ! Lol even though you have shown me you have the potential to give up I still think you are cool peoples 
Number Panda my love my husband you brighten the cloudiest of my days Ily and you are a beautifully spoken and beautiful person I will NEVER let you go EVER ! 
Number 143 with her sexy self ! Girl you are so sweet and helpful and Aww you are just GREAT ! Ily ! 
Number 3 my prom date and Bf lol you are ADORABLE and sweet with a beautiful soul and poetic life you are great 
Still taking < PROPFIRST > 
Number 31 you are just plain old awesome 
# 00163 my cheese booty my love my friend I really HONESTLY love you we have had some wonderful times and you are one of the few I know really cares about me 
3.1415 girl Ily you are freakin awesome beautiful with a poetic soul you are great can't wait til I see you tomorrow 
# 36 you are gorgeous and quiet I bet you are secretly a likely lol 
#21 you are amazing and beautiful wonderful stylish and sweet and smart creative you are great I can tell YOU anything as well 
#409 Omg she is beautiful sexy cool like tlc lol and smart I miss you ! 
Number 1111 beautiful poetic special ! 
Number 19 you just have given me the feeling that I can change the world lol but I think you r a cutie and MAJORLY funny best wacky tacky day costume EVER 
Huh man im tired of inboxn my number im about to write it on walls lol . Still taking < PROPFIRST > 
Number 2253 ah gee I love your energy and im glad you are on my list of special council peoples and you have no choice but to talk to me more ha ha ha lol 
Taking the last < PROPFIRST > for the next ten minutes inbox it ! 
Number 12 huh is there enough space in this little box to tell you how I FEEL ? Hmm well at first I didn't like you because you reminded me of myself lol and that's not cool but now ... 
Number 12 cntd . But now I love you and wouldn't trade you for the world my ride or die Panda child ! Ily with all my heart :-) don't change 
Number 318 I have never seen someone as beautiful as you . I believe in out passion collection n it kills me not to have u as a part of my weekly routine nymre 
Number 24 I don't think we know each other but I KNOW you are FINE ! 
Number 123456 my < PROPFEMALE > babe Ily lol simple as that 
GOD is good just when you feel like all hope is lost he puts things right in front of you 
Wanting to take more < PROPFIRST > lol go for it inbox it 
# class of 09 is Da best im ... I love you but sigh lol im just between mad and Im not mad lol but I do love you though always 
#19 I loved you until you graduated lol 
#100 I always said your hair color fit you because it looked like someone sprayed sunshine on your head ! Your Bright Beautiful Bold and Brilliant like the sun 
Taking more < PROPFIRST > inbox it 
Gee im just at a lost for words right now I have absolutely nothing to say nothing 
You make me SICK ! 
My mama is a GANGSTER ! She just opened my locked door ! Love her 
About to start an all out poke war in five minutes like if you are in . 
Going to be a great day I look nice smell great and I feel like I had seven cups of coffee today is going to be GREAT ! 
Im so tired all I can do is smile lol 
Snowing again ! 
Huh really missing p money right now 
Work ! Starts in 5432 now 
Good night world ! : -* 
LATE ! Oh Well I wanted to take a bath 
Thank you Jesus 
Its been MONTHS ! Why today ? 
The grudge is the most odd movie EVER ! 
Both my husband and child are having a rough day im here for you both my loves 
Closed mouths don't get fed - My Mama always tells me the best stuff I may not realize the true meaning until later on in life . 
Ranch dressing best creation ever ! 
Ice Cube is SEXY ! 
I wake up and everybody is angry ... WHAT DID I MISS ? 
I don't need to hear it a million times I got it the first time . 
Everyone is a critic when it comes to < PROPFEMALE > Meshan address me with your issues and not everyone else can't get it resolved that way can you ? Didn't think so 
Frustrated ! 
Ask me anything im going to post it as my status im in a very honest mood 
Do I miss you ? What kind of stupid question was that ? OF COURSE I DO ! Lol I Love you ! 
How long did YOU like me . Since the middle of MARCH 
Still taking questions I don't Care what it is 
Did I enjoy holding hands ? Hmm it was a little weird but I will go with yes AND the NEXT time im going to slap you you caught me off guard lol jk 
Still taking questions lol 
Would I date you ? Odd question , if I was your type sure I would date you lol the real question is would YOU date ME ?! You are Crazy lol 
Ah man next question why did you always get me to grab your boobs ? Ha ha we had some good times training those to our advantage it was a test lol 
If I went to kiss you would you kiss me HYPOTHETICAL QUESTION I would slap you in your face and ask what are you thinking but that's just hypothetically speakin 
Do you miss me ? Of course ! 
Why are you such a pervert ? Idk because ... Wait im not a pervert ! 
Why do you like me ? Huh lol you are nice and funny and I can say anything to you other things but not telling right now lol 
Did you feel uncomfortable when I talked to you about sex ? NO ! I was happy to learn how things work lol 
Did you like knowing how gay people have sex ? Did it turn you on ? Omg wow I said anything so yes I always wondered how that worked but a turn on no lol 
Are you still going to be my friend when you leave for college ? Stupid I love you and we are still friends and you are in college of course I am 
What do you think is great about you ? Im black that speaks for it self lol jk 
Why did you become my friend ? What did you like about me ? I used to not be able to stand you ! But you grew on me lol you are sweet and funny and understand me 
Why couldn't you stand me ? You seemed like you were a power hog and a know it all but I love you ! 
< PROPFIRST > is racist 
Idk why I decided to make you my bestie because you are freakin awesome Idk when the exact moment was but hey lol 
Omg had a great time on fb with < PROPFIRST > tonight but i have school in the am so good night fb ! Good night world 
Funny how the people I couldn't stand at first are the people I have come to love and those I adored instantly are no where to be found . Funny how things work 
Hungry ! And not ready to start this Crap yet lol 
My < PROPMALE > is the BEST he is going to get me a pillow pet ! What more could a girl hope for ? Lol he is THE BEST ! 
Can't stand rude people ! If you can't speak to me then what did we hire you for ? 
On my mama on my hood ! Lol insider 
Omg BERTO answer the phone you are mad for a not so great reason ! 
: -> 
I get really sad that my mommy has to go to work I want her to be in my purse at all times lol I love her ! 
Im on my way to mi casa dinner for Stephs going away tomorrow after work I love training we always get out early 
And I see that's its possible to forgive you and the others for what has been done in my eyes and I must say that my heart is lighter and my vision more clear 
Omg dying my hair black ! 
Just when you start to feel comfortable about the orbit of your planets your jupiter up and moves to atlanta . NIGHT FB NO CALLS OR TEXTS UNTIL TOMORROW 
I feel TERRIBLE ! 
Ha :-D 
Spring is talking CRAZY ! 
Spring is a JERK ! She really had me going . 
Omg every body part is BURNING ! 
Omg < PROPFEMALE > is talking crazy Imma slap lil < PROPFEMALE > ! Lol jk 
And lets get this show on the highway 
Omg I been sleep since eleven last night lol guess my body needed it 
Stop it autumn lol you lick butt you monkey lol 
Lost almost everyones number inbox < PROPFIRST > ! 
I cant stress the importance of having people send me their < PROPFIRST > please text or inbox 
Liar ! That wasnt even called for ken-nia was right FAKE ! 
You hurt me omg you are MEAN 
Omg go slowly fading into the shadows me your life to become a chapter in your past where can i continue to stand ? A L O N E 
Omg expressing my feelings lol but i mean EVERY WORD 
Omg im her number one fan lol ! 
Omg i love it when you generate ! ;-) 
Omg she is stalking my friends 
Hacked lol its not me its not 
I love to eat my boogers they are great for nutrition !!!! All you need is sum crackers and make you a booger sandwich and make sure you get a slimy one !!! 
Im glad she is enjoying herself ! 
I swear i < PROPFEMALE > gorins do not eat snot cookies lol 
Where is toochoo ? Lol 
If she can spell it lol 
Why you lie why you lying ? Tell the tablecloth the truth ! 
Omg why does this five year old have on heels ?! 
Kids cry over everything 
and now i have an attitude out of this world because my existance is always an issue 
Omg missing the husband glad she came home FINALLY lol 
You old enough to cry you old enough to get smacked 
Workout before work sounds like a plan to me :-) 
Well i didnt get to workout before work today but afterward hope my doner calls back want to see him today :-) 
Omg my phone came ! 
Things will never change why did i think different for a day My fault never again 
Tell the devil graie hey when you go back to where youre from- < PROPMALE > Mars 
You got spark you you got spunk , you got something all the girls want ;-) N . Minaj 
so the tv says < PROPFEMALE > Rida- So my sister says , florida ?? Oh no < PROPFEMALE > Rida omg lol she is hilarious hilarious 
They dont know what i know ... they think our love is beautiful everything is beautiful when you are looking through < PROPFEMALE > colored glass 
At the y with Spring and < PROPFIRST > riding there bikes laps tomorrow 
In a beautiful mood ;oD 
Ken . nia call me and Precious now we are missing you right now 
Kid for sale perky nice sweet funny she sings and dances she has papers she isnt from < PROPFEMALE > and she has all her shots ! Any takers call me or Precious 
With two senior girls a black one a white and el hispanic sophomore 
With two senior girls a black one a white and el hispanic sophomore a hot date starting in five four three two now 
< PROPFEMALE > whats HOD mean ? Omg my mom is hilarious 
Omg there people are in here ! Skating and Crapp clogging up starbuckp 
Omg there people are in here ! Skating and Crapp clogging up starbucks 
Numb 
Blue 
< PROPFEMALE>'s face is deformed she has two dimples in one cheek Omg Lol on my way to 
< PROPFEMALE>'s face is deformed she has two dimples in one cheek Omg Lol on my way to < PROPMALE > and busters ttyl fb 
Its almost OVER ! Come on 2011 
A lie a fiddle they are all the same and i dont do them - P . Hill 
Lasanga ;oD 
One more day thank you GOD for delivering me there were days where i didnt think i was going to make it heres to a year of growth 
The lights is on the night is grown we get it poppin cause we cant when wifey home ... Lil < PROPMALE > 
I have run out of hope this is it 
Listening to music and not hearing a word 
Watching the show at mc donalds with my husband 
;) 
So where do we go from here with all this fear in our heart ? - C . Brown 
Man man Omg man dude this stupid phone went off saying it was six o clock and it was only three thirty im MAD im wide awake ! Ugh 
Drake 
Yeah ok bring that a ... To papa - Drake 
www.loveisrespect.org 
L . A . T . E . All because i couldnt decide what to wear 
Work 
1 
Had a beautiful day with my second family today i love them ! 
In the mood for talking text it if you dont have the number inbox for it 
:-/ 
Dont slap the hand that feeds you because then the other one will slap you in the face . 
I miss my phone 
Im not mad but i bet she thinks i am i understood everything she said and i know them to be true but there is so much thats unspoken 
Im more than just an option refuse to be forgotten i took a < PROPMALE > with my heart i feel it taking over - Drake 
Back with my baby missed her a lot !!!! Xoxo 
Ugh can this go on any longer ? 
I got a pocket full of sunshine :-D 
< PROPFEMALE>'s deformed lol but its cute . 
16-18-20 
Lord Jesus please let my head stop hurting please please thank you with love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Day one feelin pretty positive my head is pounding though . Seniors Seniors lets get this fafsa done the time is now !! :-) enjoy your day 
Pg 204 # 7 9 15 and 23 or 27 
Good night world ! Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Day two feeling pretty good again a little three though only eleven more weeks go :-) 
Lord please keep a hand on my friend as she goes through this tragic time in her life and bless and guide her through and let her call me soon . I love her amen 
Watching the game and teen mom 2 
Omg that baby ain't his ? 
Weird ! 
Pg 214 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 9 
Decisions decisions yes no black blue circle triangle its never ending 
Chilli 
Oatmeal 
Salmon rice and veggies water water water 
Taking questions :-) inbox it 
Day four still feeling pretty good I feel much better about this today 
Food for thought \I wonder if McDonald in Japan and < PROPFEMALE > sells sushi or if the sell Big Macs and stuff\ " T . RATLIFF lol omg " 
Coffee , oatmeat cappa , and an apple fritter 
Fickle lol 
So you had a bad day :-( 
Aye man let me get five fifty on m cadillac 
Im a shopaholic ninja ;-) 
Hamburger fries sub water Gatorade half and half tea 
Ahhhhhhhhhh help help please : -Q 
Never understand whats so funny I didnt know my existance was a comedy special 
Night night world 
Oh man im about to slap someones kid little ugly brat keep rolling her eyes with that ridiculous gap inbetween her teeth Lord help me 
Ugh ignorance ignorant people 
Somebody help me whats the name of that on movie with < PROPFEMALE > bulock and th football player she adopted ? 
Movie and laundry day with the lovely Lady < PROPMALE > love her :-D watching asylum 
Wow seriously 
Rally to stop bullying toward our lgbt community wear red tuesday and wednesday for the event @ riverside 10:15 am wednesday 1-19-11 Please pass the word on ! 
I bet I bust 
I am what everybody in my past aint want me to be guess what I made it 
Fruit fruit fruit that's literally all I have eaten today and water ! Feeling so empty with out el meato lol 
Where is precious tybearious 
< PROPFEMALE > Hill-Gorins-Mejia is trying to get slapped tonight lol 
My husband and my child are verbally causing me pain right now lol making fun of my nicknames for them lol love our three way conferences 
A normal wife a high class prostitute and a domestic abuser 
Wow speechless jerks 
< PROPFEMALE > is DIVORCED 
She upgraded from corner to hotel you go baby that's my baby 
These two laughing cows I found the cheese mascots 
Shut it broad you and your prostidude lol ha oops she is mine too I almost forgot 
Her , im a female pimp me no your a female prostitute . 
Gotta get my husband a pack of depends for her fiftieth lol she getting old 
You aren't grown at twelve sit down child she think she old and she's an alcoholic already ! Oh my my child is out of control maury < PROPFIRST > call the reinforcements 
A fly 
Oh wait no that was a dog 
Wait oh no its a marker 
Don't subscribe if you can't handle my stats 
Sorry no it was really a glittery sharpie 
Oh my oh my what a night I love my two cows <3 they had me laugh til I cried and make everyone mad whos subscribed to my stats lol I can rest in peace 
This < PROPFIRST > of butter is like heaven 
My cat is a pampered pooch lol 
Fingers crossed for a cancellation of schol but u know tey only close if the world is about to end and even then the stay open 
My life in ruins was pretty good 
En route to pulaski :-( 
You know the way we use curse words doesn't make very much sense I mean think about it putting the f word infront of stuff is just not very correct to me :-[ 
I would much rather be ugly on the outside than be as completely unattractive as you on the inside your heart and soul project pure ugliness 
Awww some people are sooooo sweet he really just helped me out :-) 
Going to study for this exam 
What are the two main short cuts for infinite limits ? Anyone ? 
Udv+Vdu product rule\ 
vdu-udv/v2 quotient rule 
The definition of a limit is \ 
lim h -> 0\ 
f(a+h)-f(a)/h 
Going to do what my calculus teacher suggested and sleep with the book under my pillow 
Ooh my goodness I have to be on time right now 
Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my 
About to cry this bus won't come and I can't be late :-( 
Going back to the crib lol 
Hot water ! What a wonderful idea ! 
Omg seriously seriously wow only me 
I teased his dog 
Home had fun with mi amor and < PROPFIRST > at tutoring and the y 
Eyes burn 
What up just finished my fafsa and my efc is 0 Omg super happy ! 
Missing my two cows < PROPFEMALE > DameCookies Mejia Precious GodHappens Hill they better moo at the < PROPFEMALE > to let me know they still love mem lol 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > doesn't still seriously want us there it freezing 
: -> I am a calm and tranquil living being not a disastrous monster I can control myself but can you ? 
Spring is a chicken head for ignoring me twice today after I moved her car what a jerk lol 
Statement of the day - I wish I still loved you enough for your ignorant behavior to still effect me . But im glad I don't im too young to go crazy . S . Gorins 
Hi my name is < PROPFEMALE > I attend Pulaski high school and I will attend Carthage College in the fall of 2011 to become a math < PROPMALE > . This is my future . :-D 
In the mood for confessions hit like for one . Also answering questions hit my inbox . :-) 
Q . Why don't you talk to me anymore ? A . Dude I work and go to school and a lot of other things im not the only one in this friendship . Step up lol Ily 
Baby please don't go if I wake up tomorrow will you still be here ... Baby please don't run away ;-) 
Off facebook for the day not in the mood for packers fans and five people that im subscribed to better not kill me with football stats please Shynika you too 
We some head bussas we'll knock a hater out we some head bussas ... throwback !! 
Ok i've been sucked in GO BEARS 
Balall 
You should never lord on your own turf ! I got faith is you guys go Bears ! 
Go baby loving it way to bring it back ! Go bears ! 
Mom : Iron Man\ 
Dad : thats not Iron Man\ 
Mom : Oh\ 
lol the family is funny\ 
go bears 
Touchdown all you b words ! The bears are about to bring it ! 
Slap in the face ! 
Yes yes yes ! Omg ! Take it baby one more touchdown its possible ! 
Omg going to my room 
Bored to death someone text me 
Omg people make me laugh 
Stunting on shorty she a bad chick ... < PROPFIRST > Brown ;-) 
Lady < PROPMALE > is freaking HILARIOUS 
Had a hilarious day ! Short and fat I talked to my husband and got to see my other laughing cow ! Only sad thing is Ken-Nia wasn't there again missing her too 
Nah im lying shorty on my mind ;-) lol 
Click click click I don't speak your language lol 
He's off line YES ! Dang he isn't facebook be playing with my life lol 
Check out the total hottie in my profile lol 
Complex day : I look like a big whale . 
Lil idiot don't know where she going she needs to get her life together she know we ain't cool 
Lose the tude 
Lose the tude - p-money 
Omg I can't believe I let her talk me into this but what can I say im cool like that ;-) 
Dinner on p-money tonight lol 
Had fun with my two lovely ladies now im watching my mommy type and watching lady < PROPMALE > nod off work in the am 
How do you get earlier and still wind up catching the late bus to work ? Regretting my decisions freshman year I should be driving by now 
Is it weird to feel like when the sun shines it shines through my soul and shines for me :-D sn in one heck of a great mood 
Hey ! Let me start by saying sorry you know Ily and im sorry for not being the best a friend can be january was busy Ily and im sorry feb will b bettr :-D 
I don't know if you feel the way I do if you leave im gone find you baby please don't go 
Talking to little bit and waiting to get my hair done 
Nap time hope my husband has a good time at her church dinner 
Third times the charm :-D 
Brrrr ... But on a more positive note :-) in a great mood 
Lindo < PROPFEMALE > 
Black Roses ... Who knew our love would ever called a memory 
A dollar ! Lol INSIDER ! 
Like oh my goodness somebody tell me we don't have school 
Its snowing and im still in a good mood take that losers :-D good morning to my two laughing boys lindo and p-money Ilyguys enjoy Your day 
Ugh grow up like seriously you keep running for what you are pathetic its been over a year you are the only one still showing up grow a pair jerk 
Lindo < PROPFEMALE > ;-) 
That was a SLAP in the FACE 
Heres a toast to all the exes that run out of the room when she comes through the door you guys are awesome 
Bottoms up to all the liars that pretend to have stalkers everyone is giving you the attention you lack at home 
Heres a toast to you for I hope you enjoy Your dead end job tonight and Your part time smoking Your life away you will go far ! 
Heres a toast to all the chicks who don't take care of their responsibilities but say they the badest you really are a great catch keep it up :-) 
And lets set off the fire works for all of the people I just addressed I want you to all go out and buy a pair to suck on have a nice day :-D 
Done ranting in a much better how is everyone on this snowey dad 
Work and school are cancelled ?! GOD was on my side I can go to sleep in peace 
Are you serious it does not have the nerve to be thundering right now wow 
Now I know this snow better not be taller than me but im going out there to swim in it lol GOOD MORNING Precious and Steph 
How does a city of milwaukee truck get stuck in the snow ?! Smh 
The secret is out lol my old(new to some of you ) haircut is in my new pics enjoy people 
No school tomorrow BABY 
Minnesota in April ! Party party party 
Here is my new motto , No car No money NO < PROPMALE > :-) 
Taking a trip with these two chicks in april :-D 
Dude would it be cheaper to get a video game system from gamestop or walmart ? 
Omg Idk what I ya thinking leaving the house with no belt on 
Someone please lend me a belt lol 
What did I do ?! 
At the hospital with mom 
This is so stupid ! 
This is a bunch of repeat after me bull ship 
If the spotlight makes you nervous - Drake 
Omg I don't care I don't care im sick of caring about everyone else's feelings what about mine do I deserve to be heard do I matter ? Clearly not ! 
You disgusting little piggie ! 
I just want to be on time 
Fun time with my mommy . Gotta call my cows later ! 
I swear I one more person asks me do I want them to come lay up in my bed or keep me warm I am going to snap !! Im not a trick come better better yet get lost ! 
Good morning ! Have a beautiful day ! :-) 
I will take you down if you let me do it . Girl you can get all of me if you let me do . Shorty when im all up in that thing I ain't gone stop ;-) < PROPFIRST > Brown 
They brought back the normal foot longs ! Party ! 
Wishing on a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and topping a silver coin not happening :-( 
Ok facebook people what did you think when you first saw me ( if you know me ) inbox or tell me on this status lol people are hilarious 
;-) have a nice day 
Ah she is . going to make me late 
So im sitting here thinking about integrals can you have an infinite integral ? 
Riding in Precious ' pocket what a party ! 
FUNdamental therom of Calculus 
I need you in my life for forever and a day don't leave I love you Mom 
Got an < PROPMALE > shirt :-) wearing it on < PROPFIRST > s day when I see my sexy < PROPFIRST > with her sexy self ;-) 
But Precious I love you ! 
Cuff or Pass hit like ;-) 
Some people are so humble :-) 
Dang bus driver tried to pull off on me and at the corner !! Thanks hummer my mama was watching the bus driver would have gotten told off ;-) cant wait for 4.16 
This chicken head just told me I look like a playboy < PROPFEMALE > what a loser 
Sleepy ! Omg thank you LORD ! Sleep time Night Night ! :-) ;-) 
Score !! - L . JAGIEL 
Never been more disappointed in you ! That really set my evening back . On a good note talked to my little cow lol lemtard smh ! Hope my other boo is good . Night ! 
I've apparently lost my mind trying to make this situation work for me . But its ok baby because , IM BACK ALL PEOPLE BE AFRAID IM ON A WAR PATH :-D 
Its still cold as sin outside 
Don't like my hair ? Hate me ? Can't stand the way I dress talk or think ? If you answered yes heres the solution ! Stay away from me or just F off :-D EASY AS EVER 
Its wonderful outside 
Happy Valentines day :-D 
With my cow missing my pookie sad she couldn't come 
J-Hole 
Good Night world 
Shut up ! 
I did once ! Insider 
Oh my zebras 
Heading home 
And the world around up won't stop turning tonight . I like - K . HILSON 
Asfaaplf yes it has a meaning 
Just talked to my < PROPFEMALE > Pooh I missed her ! 
I am so over high school 
Somebody call me 
Dude's goal in life is to break walls smh 
You wanna play lets get it 
Good NIGHT 
Lol just checked my horoscope and it said my mood was reckless how did it know lol ! 
Omg this little girl is cracking me UP ! Poor Lindo < PROPFEMALE > lol tsk tsk 
Chicken Head 
Yo tengo puersto el negro vestido 
? Te puedo quitar tu calconcillo ? 
Manvito idiota 
Chistoso Noche Para Siempre 
This is a moment in history and I love that we can all join together to fight for what we believe in . 
All of the people that constantly screw up mps have never taught don't know up don't care how can you pass judgement on what you know nothing about . Teach first 
Do we just like not have school monday ? 
Pegao pegao pegao ;-) 
Starting at twelve today its pretty nice today I started my day out with my sister and steph 
Ice cream conversations they all want the scoop . - The-Dream 
Complain all you want but if you didn't vote and you are complaining slap yourself 
La vaca es muy feo y rojo . 
If you want it need it gotta have it go get it ! 
Everytime I do this I set myself up for failure . Round four it is then . 
Headhurting about to cry please no calls or texts unless its an emergency . Thanks good night 
I love my steph and my precious :-D 
Night ! Don't let those bed bugs bite ! And don't stay up too long ;-) 
Steph is being a little punk don't wanna go work out with me before I meet my mommy what a little loser lol 
I know im not attractive and all but im not messing with no 3 or 4 I only deal with 8 and 10 
Moo La Vaca Moo La Vaca Moo La Vaca 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh I want to go home but I still have work and tutoring before I can :-( LORD help me 
L A T E : ' -C 
Me : did you now pineapples grew on trees ? \ 
sis : yes\ 
me : how did you know ? Where do they grow\ 
sis : somewhere you dont and besided spongebobs house wasnt in a tree ! 
Camp out in lady < PROPMALE>'s room ! Night night fb peeps 
Im trying to get a hold of my vaca Imma sing her theme song ready ?! MOO LA VACA MOO LA VACA !! Como estan ?? 
sinkxdx = -coskx/k+C 
Cold tired bored sad and irritated wonderful combinations 
Hit like and im going to spit my MAD game skills at you ;-) lol ! 
Just got lunch with my mommy :-] 
L A T E 
Just finishing up this homework then its back to the crib 
Finally on my way home 
Random mind blowing fact of the day : pineapples do NOT grow on trees ! Its ok don't freak out I know its crazy but now we know ! Enjoy Your day :-D 
Someone text me when you get to school and let me know if there is a search today 
S C H O O L now W O R K then . . . Who knows ;-) 
This lady is clutching her bag like I want to steal it lol ha nope I have my own . 
My head im about to cry not it a good mood 
Now on the third bus so I can FINALLY get to work so mad they moved me on saturdays 
I can't believe that man you black kids ?! You came to OUR country and you got a problem with black people ? 
Out with my babe :-D 
To each his own I like a freak that's grown I like a bad chick from a decent home - Drake 
Lord please help me 
I like it ;-) Love and Basketball 
I think I honestly had the perfect weekend :-] only five more days til friday ;-) 
Ugh morning time :-( 
I miss my mommy : ' -C 
If I was told I wasn't needed at work today , I would just go sit in front of my mommy until tutoring time lol 
Got the < PROPMALE > things taken care of now I jus have to tweek these essays and im all set 
Blueberries 
Done working out :-) and im still blueberry 
< PROPFEMALE > Precious RED ALERT RED ALERT RED ALERT ! Hit me up A S A P 
Some people are just jerks < PROPMALE > up because if you got something to say just say it don't beat around the bush and tell everyone but me ! We are too old for that 
Closed mouths don't get fed and baby you are on the verge of starvation . 
Liar ! What a liar ! And for what to be popular ?! You need to destroy yourself but its cool you already are 
Omg I called and told you I missed you got told off then asked you out to dinner ?! D you could have told a more creative story ?! If you gonna lie do it big ! 
I just can't get you off my mind because Your love Your love Your love is my drug ;-) 
Ten < PROPMALE > tonight peoples ttyl 
Half way there ! Five to go and I am there 
All done peoples hit me up 
Somebody call me right now 
I hope she can fulfill all of Your dreams that couldn't seem to give you atleast at the end of the night I know he is all that I could ask for and more 
In my chest for the night peoples don't call me or text me unless you live with me , are immediate family , or I tell you I love you at least once a week 
I hope this works attending two schools just to get into a school that I might not even get into and quitting my job ?! LORD HELP ME 
Last day : ' -C 
At the grandparents for a bit 
Life changing decisions were made yesterday im feeling good about this . :-) 
Ready to go 
This man is highly upset over a steak bagel hard to believe we are related 
Where in the world can I find some board chalk ?! 
We over here having a serious ribbing session lol 
Oops halfway to school and I just realized its going to rain ! Oh wait scratch that it is raining ! Darn ! 
Its raining ! Noooooo 
That's three people out of my life that didn't need to be . I got two more and im shocked they don't know yet . I reflected on myself and you are just a blemish 
Its fuz how people change you are the best at one minute and the worst in the next people faker than cartoons less dense than plastic . DISGUSTING 
Read a poem I wrote a year ago and cried with out even realizing . Wonder why and i've had a migraine since then even though you don't matter to me 
Its eleven eleven my favorite time of the evening 
Autumns spring thing was cool ! 
Stalking my mom lol this is always fun one of these days she is going to be like leave me ALONE lol ! 
Chicken roasting troll 
Hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola hola la vaca la vaca hola la vaca hola hola la vaca hola hola la vaca hola hola hola la vaca hola la vaca 
My favorite time of night 
Slept so good I pulled all the covers off the bed and was rolled into the comforter and NEVER woke up lol hello world 
Just out of curiosity , is anyone subscribed to my statuses ? So I can apologize for my constant updates lol 
Missing the two cows and that loser that are subscribed to my statuses lol they better text me 
Los polloito ... Pillo pillo pillo 
Los pollitos dicen pillo pillo pillo cuando tienen hambre cuando tienen frio 
This man had use nerve to do what he did and now he is calling all night hop off down to the side in which ever direction you must go but go away ! 
Pillo pillo pillo lol good morning world have a nice day :-) 
Moo la vaca Moo la vaca Moo la vaca lol ! Mis vaca es muy bonito y muy malo < PROPFEMALE > es mi amigo y mi amor . 
100% girl cow lol 
Omg I have got to go NOW ! 
Steph reading the menu : how do you pronounce that ? ( Fuze ) Foozay ? Lol what a silly vaca 
Lifted a total of ten thousand pounds today and did five < PROPMALE > ! Im on it lol 
Set fire to the rain , rolling in the deep : < PROPFEMALE > 
This chick got a MINUTE exactly ... GO lol 
I hope facebook corrects itself 
Seriously , who are we to say when CHRIST will return for judgement day let it go ! He will return when the time is right whether its tonight may 21 or 2012 
Missed the stupid bus ! Atleast now I have time to get these doughnuts 
Thanks for telling them I still effect glad to know its still there Sn shut your mouth those people laugh and tell everything you say they don't care about you 
You got it - j . < PROPMALE > ;-) 
Im mad im about to address a bunch of people just because 
1 . I don't have hair by choice I like it . No I don't care what you think no I don't need to grow it back what YOU NEED TO DO is mind yours ;-) 
2 . Stop lying to me because you think it sounds good just stop it you are my father I have to love you regardless 
3 . Im sorry you think that im stalking you but after I graduate with this premed certification I will help you find out what's wrong you I think you are nuts 
4 . Ha ha you suck bad you think you just are the best . You aren't raise your kid Bimbo and stop running in the streets and stay out of mine . Seriously 
5 . You make me sick I wish you would just leave me alone . Always harassing me and Omg I can't stand you im just trying to be nice 
6 . You like me o so much and every time I turn around a different chick is talking about how you called her last night . Lol think I didn't know I do 
Hope I didn't hurt her feelings , but she needed to hear that . I love her so I said it . I wouldn't take it back 
That bird looks like a white rat that flies lol what a silly vaca 
Done with the lies from people today ... Have a nice night ! 
You can't be a part time crackhead ! Its a full time job ! Lol this man is HILARIOUS 
Being home sick is NO fun most likely staying home tomorrow 
Omg burst his window on the car house push the baby and beat his sister down and fight him lol ! My mom is a straight T H U G 
Doctor visit 
I want a set of makeup brushes for my birthday lol just incase anyone cares lol 
Omg why is this chemistry lecture so long today !? 
I just love my two Vaca's they make me muy Feliz < PROPFEMALE > Mejia and Precious GodHappens Hill ahhh just typing their names makes me happy :-) 
Omg does anyone know what superlative I won ?! 
Alright lets do this 
Lord I know I asked you to guide me to the answer to my issues but please let this be a guide and not a test of my restraint . Amen 
Freak out ;-) \ 
lol 
AhhhhhhhhhhhhhhcnfjfjdjnJzsI 
Shake it baby shake it do the worm dance ;-) 
He just made me go black and turquoise 
These girls are crazy ! You crazy in you're elbows lol ! 
Im trying to have the longest three way conversation ever call me ! 
Weird morning but he just told me EVERYTHING I ever needed to know lol great day chilling with my vacas tonight 
Im not crazy im just not a push over I don't tolerate that Crap and I speak my mind let it go 
I look like a nasty lint monster 
Finished my running before my eye appointment :-) 
I love my < PROPFEMALE > pooh lol and im praying for my Preciouskins 
Waiting on < PROPFEMALE > :-) :-) :-) 
Waiting on < PROPFEMALE > AND Precious 
Party at my house ! Lol 
Party is over now peoples lol had a great time < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > played dress up in my clothes lol and Precious was the photographer . :-)) all smiles 
Almost exactly one month to the big day lol my love nut J just reminded me I hope she is doing alright . Happy Sunday people . 
But love don't change . Girl you still hold me close when you see me and you let me know that you need me . - love don't change Jeramih 
Idk what the flip is going on but I feel like something isn't right and my feelings are hurt can't believe she sent me that bull 
And im mad as ever but I still hope she is alright . How are you gonna send that when you never told me anything was wrong smh 
About to make this relationship official before bedtime lol 
Scratch that still single lol 
I feel like she and I just broke up I feel empty and confused I had 3 people I can always count on outside of home . Its looks like its actually just 2 
In a great behind mood I look good smell good feel good im in such a great mood im feel cocky lol good morning world . < PROPFEMALE > hurry up and get a move on :-D 
So im about 3 minutes away from school and the < PROPFEMALE > sings in about thirty minutes F A I L 
Can't believe she on this for real its all good im still going to do what I gotta do for me when it all comes down to it 
About to erase you from my life goodbye 
I won most talkative lol 
Just stepped in a nasty pile of mud ! 
I remember looking you in your eyes and being able to read what perceived as love in your eyes . Smh 
Oh just great my phone has been dead all evening since and I get home to find im in trouble for being half hour late getting home : - < bittersweet day gn fb 
F A I L 
I can't believe this Crap ! 
What to do what to do ? Not staying for chemistry . How do I occupy my time til mom gets off ? 
Longest twelve minutes of my life I hope she doesn't get mad because im here . 
Five minutes ! 
Showtime ! 
I know she doesn't want to see me but still I haven't seen her since sunday 
Im leaving 
If it look this good , I wonder how it taste , baby if I touch your body , hear you scream my name , would you whisper to me its yours ? You control my senses . 
Baby all my senses ;-) would you whisper to me its yours ? Girl you smell so gentle and pure . 5 senses Jeramih 
I know for a fact I love him XD there is no denying this feeling 
Aww I love < PROPFEMALE > ! :-D :-D :-D 
My intentions to be on time were good people lol good morning enjoy your day 
This has to stop ! I need to exercise some discipline and be ON TIME to school ! ON TIME I thought senioritis was a myth lol NOT I need to g.i.t lol 
Now if there is one thing people need to learn about me its this : don't make me mad ever that's when I get very technical with you and hurting feelings 
Its B E A U T I F U L outside 
Dude got raped lol oh my ! 
Working out for an hour ready set go 
My birthday is exactly one month away and my Stephanies is four days before mine 
Morning fb really sad no one reminded me of the day I had socks and a headband for today maybe next year any one that pinches me gets slapped ;-) 
So this guy leans out of the window of a yellow bus and says to me B .... You baldheaded like thank GOD you can See that you ignorant child lol its by choice 
Let the rain fall down 
My mommy loves me !!!! 
Im sick of arguing about this seriously ! Its not even that important and REGARDLESS its still my decision 
Waiting on this hispanic chick to call me before I make a trip to the ss lol 
Darn I forgot I told that chick I was gonna call her later the one with the cute face < PROPFEMALE > waste and big booty lol ttyl fb 
People be on moose 
On time for school !! Geeked ! 
Now what ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is a L O S E R 
Just saw this dude all up his butt lol N A S T Y 
Feeling honest ask me anything in my inbox and I will post the answer as a status 
Q . what happened with me and that one guy ? \ 
A . Idk we just grew apart . 
Q . why can't we just move on from those people ? \ 
A . we can and im about to cross the finish line ;-) ;-) 
Q . why do I keep cutting my hair ? \ 
A . because I can A N D if you can't deal with it lose my number ;-) much love though babes 
A . Jonay , we can and im about to cross the finish line ;-) ;-) 
Q . Why are you so darn cute ? \ 
A . I get it from my mama ;-) lol there is your made up question 
Q . why did I forget my question ? Ily sister . \ 
A . Lol Idk Ily too ;-) 
Q . why are you just so darn cute to me ? \ 
A . Idk lol there is your second made up question 
Q . can I touch your butt ? Lmao\ 
A . if I can touch yours lol 
Q . why haven't I died my hair purple yet ? \ 
A . because you are dying your hair purple loser lol 
Q . can I touch your butt\ 
:D \ 
A . No my butt is off limits to you lol 
Q.do you wanna smell my butt ? \ 
A . maybe if you can show me where you hide yours I don't believe I have ever seen you with one 
Q . How come we dont txt ? \ 
A . Idk we just don't 
Q : whys your butt off limits to that person who asked u but not me ? lmao\ 
A . Just because you asked that it's off limits\ 
now lol HA 
< PROPFEMALE > Gorins is in a relationship with ????? Should I or shouldn't I ? Advice people ... 
Alrighty the two besties just declared it and so did Lady < PROPMALE > so its OFFICIAL 
Menea mami menea 
About to get a move on 
I have a weird craving for a banana split I don't even eat that kind of ice cream lol happy :-D 
Trying to get home I need to See my mom before she leaves 
On the verge of a breakdown I have been trying for the last hour to get home and I keep missing curses missed my mommy on her big day ! IM MAD ! 
Mad about college its like people don't want you there and don't want to invest in you to get you there ! Omg frustrated 
Hope my vaca enjoys quience practice I love her 
She just really < PROPMALE > up on me after tellin me she missed me ! Its all good im ignoring you for T H R E E days ! Now punk ! ( unless you say sorry ) 
Somebody call me ! I am beyond bored ! Inbox for the number :-D 
Still awake ! 
Like I said f off can't believe you even let that stuff come out of your mouth ! Wtf ever 
My head is P O U N D I N G I can hear my heartbeat in my ear and I want to vomit , H U R T and M A D 
Gn world starting to just not care . Word of advice be careful for what you wish and what you really ask for . He wanted it here you go . 
My cow is a J-Hole and so is my other bestie and my < PROPFEMALE > is mad at me I wake up and my mommy isnt home and neither is Lady < PROPMALE > and ive been sleep for 10 hrs 
Aww man I love my < PROPFEMALE > and Berto they always have my back :-D 
Minea mami minea ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) 
My mom is hilarious even when she doesn't speak 
I got a hit list of five people hit like to find out if you are on it :-D 
So only one person knows they are on my list there are still four people left hit like to find out if its you 
Would you whisper to me its yours ? Control my senses , baby all my senses . If it looks this good I wonder how it taste . ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) 
Hey has me hurting from out long conversation but its alright im going to correct that until he can do it himself 
It just might have to be a cold day in hell before I accept your apology you can have the same standin in my heart as the them . Your apology means nothing to me 
You got forty eight hours G O 
bus driver just splashed mud all over my pants and that means when i get to school i will have missed calculus pointless to even go who wants to skype me for my first time lol 
Can not wait to < PROPFEMALE > out my hit list !! Those people are in really deep and only person knows they are on the list hit like to find out if you are one of the remaining four 
-Hacked by the Cutesy Vaca ! lLOL\ 
\ 
lady ive seen enough , call me ! 
ahhh man i love my vaca she's my ride til they die ;) 
single or not put this as your status see what u get .. INBOX ONLY\ 
? - I want a relationship\ 
:) - I like u a lot\ 
:( - I miss u a lot\ 
:D - You sexy/beautiful\ 
......... ; 0 - I want u but I can't have u\ 
# - I want your number\ 
=( - I'm stupid for leaving u\ 
:} you're a great friend 
Dude thinks he's the best thing to happen to me since fband my cell phone NOT and im not going to forgive him that easily 
no i dont want you to leave your girl i dont want a relationship i dont want you to care how i feel it doesnt matter at this point and time is running out fast just know if you dont figure out what i want its all over all of it . and i swear i wont look back 
Cant believe < PROPFIRST > Jagiel left us to do those DISGUSTING calculus problems in Ap calc today !!! But like she always says I ATLEAST want you all to try and Oh Boy did we try lol she better be back tomorrow or ELSE !!! Aww man I love that lady lol 
Im BACK ! 
On my way to this TAC meeting and I mean business today !!!! Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > M I love that Little Vaca 
Giving this little girl a gift that's almost here ! she better appreciate it that little mierta 
Night night fb 
I know that I have the capacity and ability to do this because I am my mothers child . We are just going to do it like nike and go the extra mile 
Just deleted every contact I have hit me up with your name and number 
Ok nevermind people the < PROPFIRST > are all back ! 
Yes yes yes we just went in to do it like nike and we found the shoe !! Insider : -> < PROPFEMALE > we are done ! Stick a fork in it baby ! Lol aha 
Missed my boo glad I talked to her im almost at school :-)) on time ! 
Im glad I talked to my other boo bear last night too while I was on that good pro g 
A = 1/2(b1+b2 ) . h 
So did it stop snowing or is it just not snowing on the northside ? 
If you are subscribed to my statuses comment with one letter or one number or one symbol 
Really mad at my best friend he sucks 
My little vaca is about to go out and party im so worried ! Have fun little one ! 
Having my first migraine this week I should have know they wouldn't stay away 
I hate it when people lie to me for no apparent reason just say no but im out of here wish me luck 
I found the lady for the cap and gown pictures ! She includes make up and retouching in her price hit her up on fb @ soulestial studios and get her inbox 
Hey baby I think I wanna marry you <3 just say I dooooooooooooooooooooo ;-) 
Dear GOD , \ 
I know I recently prayed and begged for my head to stop hurting PLEASE make it stop im nauseous and want to cry . \ 
Amen , < PROPFEMALE > Gorins 
Neither afraid nor mad at love just mad and afraid of the people that use the word in vain 
Four pills and almost four hours later im feeling well enough to at least sleep gn world 
Terrible dream ! I hate doing that to him in those dreams even though I know he deserves it he doesn't deserve it that bad . Ready to cry :-O 
Mad at one my best friends and won't tell him why issue is he should already know why . Smh ! 
Dear Precious , \ 
I have had to delete my text messages twice because of your high status capacity . Please slow down on the updates thank you . \ 
Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
I need twenty to a million dollars 
Good night world 
Good morning world ! 
I need someone to come get me and bring me to school im going to be late ! And I don't want to be . 
Yay ! A bus I see a bus ! I can not wait for april to come on so I can get a car and this plastic I can't keep riding this bus ! No sir ! 
Left my glasses at home ! Shoot >.< 
Why is this dude calling lil < PROPMALE > the g word because he eats fruit loops and trix cereal ? Shut up ! What a loser ! 
On time ! Yeah baby ! Lets do it im on my N I K E today ! 
Ooh im SO thirsty !!! 
Another migraine coming on these things kill me 
K im ok roll with the punches right ? Imma just keep fighting and just do it me and < PROPFEMALE > gotta get on our Nike ;-) thanks P and < PROPFEMALE > 
Good night world ! Headache free but im starving oh well to lazy to get up ! Night night my vaca and my < PROPFEMALE > bun and sham wow and my bestest < PROPMALE > and others :-) 
Forgot to call that one sexy chick with the HUGE booty no im not calling world lol jk jk < PROPFEMALE > stay up ! 
Yes ! Going to find the shoe its a two month trip but im up for it imma just do it and im headed in the right direction ! 
Spring I want you to know you're a loser and matthews you are one too and < PROPFEMALE > im proud of you 
If your first derivative is positive your graph is increasing if its negative its decreasing . If your second derivative is positive its concave up negative down 
A^u . a^u . du 
Ln(0) = non existant\ 
Ln(1) = 0\ 
Ln(2) = . 69 
Regretting my decision of not applying down south for college now 
This girl was mad and hungry so she ate her phone F A I L . S M H 
Vaca-Your eyes look like they are about to fall out of your eye sacks lol\ 
Puerco- You mean yoursocket lol\ 
Vaca- This is going to be a fb stat isn't it ? \ 
LMBO 
Take it out and stick it in the next best thing lol insider 
Irritated ready to go home and sleep no calls or texts unless you know I will talk to you . Good evening facebook 
Just deleted about thirty plus < PROPFIRST > if you text and I say who is this you already know what's up 
Im about to be mean hit like to see if you irritate me and how I really feel im about to be brutally honest some people need a reality check 
Someone tell me happened on the season finale of the game 
Is teen mom 2 still on ? 
Alright people lets get up clean our butts and rock these exams BEST OF LUCK 
Going on an adventure with my vaca today to plan this service project to a T good luck on exams people 
Why would people want to get high in front of the school let alone get high at all I D I O T S 
Hardest thing I have ever taken in my life I always want to cry after an ap test 
On the bus with a bunch of p house kids lets see what's really good 
I am going to beat her as soon as I see her she is taking me in a full circle im finishing what I started yesterday be certain little vaca very afraid 
Another adventure with the vaca and my mommy :-D 
Good times lol good times beat your meat ! EVERYBODY ! YOU WITH THE BOOKBAG LOL 
So now im not a responsible individual and im not ready to a leader wow thanks 
Im MAD 
Movie with Lady < PROPMALE > missing the little Vaca 
In a great mood ask me anything hit my inbox feeling especially honest tonight 
Q . Would you consider coming over my house ? A . For what and when ? 
Oh it is love from the first time I pressed my lips to yours thinking of is this love ;-) 
Alright and I just decided where to continue my education just like that 
Haircut ! :-D ha ha already done so don't complain people 
Now what do I do tomorrow :-V the vaca is busy cleaning lol 
Guess im just chilling at home all day . Back to sleep I go 
Bored until one what to do ? 
Fifteen more days : -> 
Im so glad he is following her on twitter but I want her to shut up and listen to me thanks a lot drake 
We aren't crazy we are just very expressive 
She is working my emotions right now 
I need a prom date . Any ideas ? 
So angry with his behavior ! At almost forty you still can't do for me what you are supposed to ! I have no biological father I have a biological LIAR/DONER 
I love my mommy :-)) like if you love your mom 
Why is this happening now !! Just like him to do this to me . 
Love me love me say that you'll love me fool fool me oh how you do me ... Tell me what I wanna hear and say that you'll love me ;-) 
There is a lot going on in my moms life right now I hope it gets better and that she is ok 
Follow me on twitter Simone_Gorins 
My babymama is getting me a piata for my bday im so excited best gift so far 
My vaca is such a loser ! She better have fun at practice ! 
Trying to get my headache under control so I can listen to my vaca on the phone all I hear is my heart sounding in my ears 
Dear 10-16 year old girl , < PROPFIRST > bieber does not love you #justsaying \ 
#getalife you are young move on 
El poosko ! Ma tus comprende el poosko ? < PROPFEMALE > is mas funny ! Buenos noches el pescado vaca shrimpo . 
If you wanna beep me I wont say no . Touchin on my beep while im touchin your beep ;-) 3Oh ! 3 touchin on my 
I feel so blessed right now love and basketball is on ! Bye peoples 
#ihateitwhen I walk down the street and someone yells A and when I ignore they say you baldheaded anyway I knew that this morning AND its by choice ! 
Follow me on twitter @Simone_Gorins 
You need to love yourself before you try to let someone else love you #justsaying 
#iLoveWhen its payday 
#iLoveWhen I wake up with a smile on my face for no reason 
#iLoveWhen music speaks to my soul 
#iLoveWhen haters give me words of discouragement it makes me work harder to keep making them mad 
My best friend is slipping on her job #smh 
Watching for colored girls I want to cry all ready 
I should be crying but I just can't let it show all the things we should have said that we never said make it go away ;-) 
Torta = a big taco sub lol 
Girl boom ! 
Tossing and Turning guess im on #teamnosleep tonight just like every other night 
#goodnight 
Up ready and on time I know my vaca pescado shrimpo better contact me asap 
Peoples kids make me angry who gives a f about who got beat up and why you are Damn near grown so #growup 
I refuse to be found to a statistic because of my gender and race . I refuse to be bound at all . For hike the key that removes there chains . Education- < PROPFEMALE > G 
As we wall and travel this road of life we have the option of walking as the people before us or walking w/ our own strides . Its beings with that first step . 
#ilovemybestfriend 
Have you seen this boy ? 
Te puedo llevar a < PROPFEMALE > cuarto quitarte la ropa y mamar tu vicho . Y cogerlo por detras . Quiero tenerte por siempre . Te amo ;-) 
< PROPFEMALE > is a L O S E R ! Gotta love that cochina 
Ask me anything in my inbox I promise to give an answer I will only answer yes or no 
I wanna talk to my best friend ! Little feo pescado vaca ! Y < PROPFEMALE > es cochina y grande . Vaca no me moleste maana 
Lmao well shoot I guess I can't fly to el < PROPMALE > and get me a new < PROPMALE > ian since they can't use phones lol ! My bestie is HILARIOUS BUT STILL ON MY LIST ! 
watching the scream4 preview and laughing thinking was a preview for the next scary movie ! #fail 
You are a pretty girl you could be a stripper some thugs girlfriend or even a porn < PROPFEMALE > you have a lot of options lol this show is hilarious 
My sun may never rise the way it did with you and I may never kiss me the way that you do but at least he doesn't make me cry I know I can call him mine 
#teamnosleep that's what I get for taking a four hour nap and waking an hour before bedtime #smh 
Good morning to my < PROPFEMALE > bun my two besties and P Money lol all smiles this morning ;-) 
You wanna talk ? I got you imma give you plenty to talk about starting in 3 2 1 now ;-) get ready 
Irresistible wisin y yandel ;-) 
Dancing randomly hope no one thinks im crazy 
Ugly fat short disgusting toad 
Ha ha and she is ugly ! Im excited ! 
#ihateitwhen people say tell me about yourself . Just ask me what you really want to know ! 
People complain about others not saying what they really feel then when I do you get upset . Don't ask for honesty then ! 
A relationship is between TWO people . Not me you and your family and friends just ME AND YOU 
True love is like an ocean its neverending and you don't see an end no matter which side you look from 
Why do men brag about what they do in the bedroom to other men isn't that a little gay its almost like you are advertising your services 
If you do something and you love it and do it on a regular why lie and tell others you don't be proud of what you do you do it for a reason 
No matter how much you lie on me you are still ugly and you are disgusting on the inside 
You know you are nothing to people when they refer to you using someone else's name then yours ex : < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFIRST > . Ha ha lol 
So you can shoot me dirty looks all you want because you think I want your man but he called me last night redirect your anger babes ;-) 
Attempting to fight at school is not called for to me . I've never once hesitated to give out my address save yourself the embarrassment of the after shock 
Funny how everything said about me is done when im not around but when I walk in a room you're silent . SPEAK up let me hear your opinion to 
Old girl is getting her energizer on she is just going going going and soon she will be gone get you some which you still can lol 
Im done going crazy on my statuses for the night people lol 
Thank goodness im finally tired im about to head off to bed I will not be a member of #teamnosleep #goodnight 
Just missed my bus ! Gonna be a bad day 
I can't even cry in this situation im not missing out on anything that was actually being given its like nothing changed but my title 
Not in the mood please don't contact me unless it is a complete must . Unless I talk to you five out of the seven days a week do not hit my line . Thank you 
>:-( 
To grandmas house I go for some cake and company lol 
Does anyone have music class fourth clock ? 
Come on ya'll get some lol granny is hilarious 
Im not sleeping tonight 
Skype anyone ?! 
Missing Rachelhasthat Preppygirlswagg < PROPFEMALE > right now 
Dude just said hey there hammy bammy dont beat her down then go wammy lol aww mann !!!! I love her crazy booty 
< PROPMALE > Songz makes me feel SEXYer than I already am ;) 
The secret is out and hopefully they will both stop stalking new or i gotta go find the white one and threaten the black one lol 
Im handing out once in a lifetime confessions right now hit like and i will say what ive always wanted to say to you in your inbox . Im ready to build relationships and let people leave my life hit like 
Precious GodHappens Hill you got two hours and fifty seven minutes left 
who wants to be my fb husband or wife ? 
Here's to new beginnings ;) 
Twenty nine more minutes ! And my < PROPFEMALE > boo will no longer be a teenager lol I love you Precious 
Omg her speech is going H A M lol W A M before her birthday comes like B A M 
I swear im the only idiot that would forget about their own tattoo lol sleeping now night night 
Im hurting like crazy for no reason but im on a mission today 
Shouts out to PRECIOUS happy birthday 
Oh my GOD I can not take the bus with these Darn Pulaski kids everyday this ugly dude is steadily singing lookin a ** in my ear SHUT UP ! 
There is hope after all still crossin my fingers :-)) 
I need a prom date interested hit my inbox 
You freaking jerk ! I hate you and you make me sick ! I can't believe you 
Waiting on three important phone call and im thinking none of them will hit my line 
I've never been more upset to see my alarm go off ever lol time to get out of here 
Never in my life would I ever beg !! You paying for what you can't have and then when you get caught you want to shift the blame ? Play the game better 
Fifty percent done with this class amen ! 
Ready to leave !!! 
I feel lonely and empty and I miss JW SM RM MD and the soon to be SH 
So i've heard that i've scared three people with my behavior and actions this week im sorry to all offended . But i can't promise im done . Im sorry for that too . 
Sick of people don't call me or text me im NOT in the mood LEAVE ME ALONE !!!! 
Some people just aren't mature enough to do anything . Let alone function . #growup 
< PROPFIRST > Hausch is the sweetest person ever lol 
Taking a party bus to prom this year . I need about 30 people and the price will be about 20 a person the bus has a wii and tv as well as a pole ;-) hit my box 
First it was thursday , next its Tuesday ! :-)) then SATURDAY ! 
First it was THURSday , next its TUESDay and finally its going to be SATURDAY ! ! 
U shut u , my birthday on a weekend so it gta be in big capital letters , hell nah , u aint special . 
Really wants to get out tonight but I have absolutely NOTHING to do :-/ 
Still need people for the limo abot 16 more hit my inbox its going to be about 20-30 dollars or call me 306-2670 you dont need to do the full amount right away i just have to have a ten dollar deposit by firday let me know the site is churchillimo.com and its the white fusion lexus 
Cutting my phone off good bye people 
Still need twelve more people for the limo :-) 
If you ever want to make GOD laugh , tell him your plans . Its so true . 
Going on this short journey I know my mom is worried but < PROPFEMALE > I will be right back 
Found my prom date . ;-) a sexy one at that lol 
Busy don't call or text 
Aww man I love < PROPFEMALE > even more than I did yesterday :-)) she understands me #ilovemybestfriend 
Bored about to leave I had a very productive and enjoyable morning/afternoon . Time to kick off my afternoon/evening #leggo 
That's why yo girlfriend gone let me clap ! Aha lol insider 
The heat brings out the hot boys ;-) 
Still need ten people for the limo by wednesday all I need is your name and ten dollars then the last fifteen is due the week of prom . Hit my inbox 
Jonay call me I finally the answers ! 
In a matter of a year I cut three < PROPMALE > people out of my life . Don't make yourself the fourth . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I only have five more days til our big day and my little vaca is turning the big 16 I remember when she was fourteen . Yay ! Tuesday !! 
Oh baby you got what I need but you say im just a friend ;-) 
One hour and fifty seven minutes ! Its the final countdown ! 
Im sick of trying to put forth an effort in this friendship . Its not that important to you . Forget it ! Saturday we'll see what happens and im making my decision 
Omg I just had an \ 
E P I P H A N Y\ 
its going to be just fine ! Im going to be alright because I am beautiful , amazing , and special . 
Its my girls birthday ! She is finally sixteen its time to go get the permit and crash a car lol driving and texting . Jk I love you < PROPFEMALE > enjoy your day 
Omg people trying to drive me nuts this morning . But im not going lol still have a big grin in my heart that radiates to my face . :-)) Have A Nice day 
Im so into you ;-) 
So worried about him . GOD please continue to watch over him and shelter him with safety . Amen 
Praying praying praying . GOD , I know you are listening . I need for this man to be alright and well . Amen 
Im done talking . I've said everything that I have to say ! E V E R Y T H I N G . For those of you who have poor comprehension , I got something better for you . 
What a bad day ! It couldn't get any worst 
Don't contact me unless your name is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > or your last name it Ratliff Jones or Gorins 
Te odio ! Me das asco . Traga < PROPFEMALE > y pira pieeras . Que es fea y gorda y ignorante . Te quiero pegas hasta que te pongas negra y azul . Punta 
< PROPFEMALE > fea chiquito y gordo < PROPFEMALE > quiere tu fea < PROPFEMALE > de culo . 
Bastardo miserable como pudiste decir eso . Mentiroso . Espero que < PROPFEMALE > sea gorda y fea . Apuesto a que ni sirves en la cama . Comete < PROPFEMALE > vicho . Me vas a desear . 
Si te preg < PROPFEMALE > tara , me lo das ? Me dieras todo de ti ? Fuera por < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > mes , < PROPFEMALE > a ~ o , < PROPFEMALE > a < PROPFEMALE > ? Sea el tiempo q t tuviera fuera suficiente 
Feeling much better . My apologies to all of those offended by my words . I was taken outside of myself but im better now . :-)) 
K so im awake how do I feel ? No idea . Lets try for a good day 
Pulaski people are nuts ! Crazy people about to start a riot ! Im scared lol STOP THE MADNESS !!! Lol 
Aha feeling amazing all of a sudden . Music uplifts the soul ;-) and right now im feeling higher than i've been 
Ha ha got this little girls balloons ! She is gonna FLIP 
Who wants to be my profile picture ? 
Don't take it out smell it and put it back . If you're gonna take it out you better eat it ;-) insider 
< PROPMALE > it smack it pull it lol ! Insider < PROPFEMALE > is cracking me up !! 
< PROPFEMALE > e culo Azucar 
Running to clear my mind . Halfway to a mile . 
No one loves you more than me . And no one ever will ... Tell me who I have to be . < PROPFIRST > Hill 
Gone N'SYNC 
Just cracked my Damn phone ugh so so so so so so so so so so so so angry 
If GOD wanted us to walk backward he would have given us eyes in the back of our heads . S . Gorins 
Ugh its bitterly cold ! 
Beg for it , < PROPFIRST > Brown 
Estoy muy cansado :-( 
It feels like fall not spring :-( 
< PROPFEMALE > !! Donde < PROPFEMALE > mi hermosa vaca ! 
Beautiful day ! I turn the big 18 tomorrow estoy muy feliz 
Aquellas fugaces a su alrededor el fuego los cometas yo podia llevar a su travs y cerrarlas onyx no no lo estas imaginado que estan viendo que < PROPFEMALE > a largo 
:-/ . Get home and no one is here ! I missed those people today . 
Sigh ! Lol that was easy to show my mom now its time to get ready to kick off my birthday weekend ! 
My < PROPFEMALE > bun just hurt my feelings :-( 
Im legal in one hour and fifty six hours 
Im legal in one hour and fifty six minutes 
Stop acting so Damn childish and PICK UP THE PHONE you are being a < PROPFEMALE > e culo you be complaining about YOUR decision but don't wanna fix it idiota 
They just < PROPMALE > up on me 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the happy birthday and happy happy happy happy birthday to you ! Second and Second thank you Jonay and < PROPFEMALE > . I love you all 
Thanks for the birthday wishes even though my phone isn't sending them ! Im LEGAL !! Lol I can hit the Stip clubs and VOTE ! AYE ! 
She has twenty minutes to call and say happy bday before I show up on her door step . I can't believe her . Thanks for all the bday wishes 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are feeling hilarious ! They know me so well ! Happy birthday to me and < PROPFEMALE > J . < PROPFEMALE > bun feel better baby we been waiting all month for today 
Thanks to all of You guys for the birthday wishes . Almost time to kick off the rest of my birthday night ! 
Out for the night . Bye 
Three more hours lol #leggo 
I hate You !!! 
Omg I love < PROPFEMALE > today was a great day ! Thanks again for all the wishes . Just wanna go home call my boo and sleep :-)) that circle thing was GREAT 
Sleep ! -_- yay ! 
Time to get up and start up my day off with a :-)) feeling amazing going to see my boo babe haven't seen her in a while 
Estoy feliz que finalmente la < PROPFEMALE > se tomo < PROPFEMALE > tiempo pero eso < PROPFEMALE > bien me preg < PROPFEMALE > to cuanto tiempo < PROPFEMALE > permanecer no importa como me largo disfrutar a cada moment 
He just told me he doesn't like gorditas im hurt lol 
No me moleste :-)) 
Yo quiero < PROPFEMALE > gordita ! 
I can't can't can't even contemplate waiting one more minute let me just in it I brought You flowers and a teddy-Mike Posner 
He is making me feel so Spechless my heart says it all the sound of his voice speaks to my heart and his touch speaks to my soul my heart is finally waking up . 
Waiting on my babe to call . < PROPFIRST > where You at ? 
Shouldn't have told the truth but honesty is everything and then some . Its already been said and I can't take it back 
Im about to cry my eyes out . Last time I give someone my one hundred percent . Just goes to show people don't mean it when they say unconditional love Good night 
Really need to talk to < PROPFIRST > have to confess the evenings events to him and cry im so upset 
Singing : just say I doooooo tell me right baby ;-) <3 good morning world 
Lets try this again . Im so worried so afraid but I trust you with all of me to have me and hold me in your heart . Im ready to take a < PROPMALE > and a leap on faith . 
Ahhh im so tired ! I just want to sleep ! Tomorrow im not leaving my bed except for the primary things like food water and the bathroom lol 
Omg < PROPFIRST > has me rolling ! He pleads the fifth ?! Well plead on baby plead on lol 
Friday ----> so far away feels like its gonna be a million years 
Finally ! Im next :-)) 
If you've been trying to call or reach me in the last three hours no I haven't been ignoring people my phone was dead . Hit me up 
Im not mad at You , what You did wasn't ok , and it won't be . There's only so many things that bother me , that was one . Forgiveness , slad I can exercise it 
Mount the moose ! Lol < PROPFEMALE > . 
Im about to take thirty minutes from the world . Bye be back at 9 
Me : where do pineapples grow ? \ 
Josh : on trees babe duh ! \ 
me : no they grow on bushes\ 
josh : no they grow on trees . \ 
this picture is about to blow his mind ! Lol 
Can I have all of You every last piece from your mind to your soul your heart to your kiss your love to provide me pure bliss A trade for a trade mine for yours 
I meant I was staying in my room today . Today I don't feel like doing anything I just wanna lay in my bed ... < PROPMALE > Mars said it best in the Lazy Song :-)) 
< PROPFIRST > just called me fat ! Lol what a jerk ! Im kidding but that was rude lol 
Chilling with the bestie . The other one dissed me but doesnt matter u I love this one more anyways 
Absolutely everything is making me wanna cry im going to sleep :\ -S " 
Hit my inbox i'll answer anything . 
< PROPFEMALE > im so sorry I was mean to You I was just being grumpy . You know I haven't let there be anyway that I didn't talk to your crazyself . I love You < PROPFEMALE > 
I can't make it fit through that small hole ! Im mad now and I keep pushing and it just won't go >:-( 
Aye < PROPFIRST > how much money You got on the quest card ?? Omg my daddy is TOO funny 
Im so childish lol ! 
Im all strung out my heart is fried I just can't get You out my mind ... Your live is my drug Ke$ha 
She can forget about it im about to go my first day not talking to her mean butt ! Jerk ! Best friend my culo 
And yeah that's how I feel puta 
Yeah I said it tramp ! Now what get some get some 
He fell asleep on me with no goodnight lol off to bed I go even though im not tired 
Wondering if you're my next big mistake . Thinking I regret my decision to take a < PROPMALE > . But its whatever . It is what it is , right ? 
Releasing people from my life today . Be on the look out for that goodbye text especially if we've argued in the last week . Im not feeling the things people say 
Don't hold your breath waiting on me , you just might turn blue and die . Your fault not mine . 
Callate el maldito hosico . Dije no quise decir no , quiero decir no . No m sigas molestando cuando te voy a dar la misma respuesta . Callate , carajo . 
My goodness I swear to GOD if I have to say that ONE MORE TIME I am going to hurt someone's I been saying the same thing for four days . Believe it or let it go 
I can't believe what they have me in the middle of right now . < PROPFIRST > , where the freak are You ? 
So he and I are at a standstill he life to me when he didn't need to not once but three times . Guess we will decid tomorrow . Tonight is a night of deep thought . 
FISH FACE !!! Berto You are a f o o l ! <3 :-D 
And that feeling of nausea just came creeping back 
On hold ... but it wont be forever . Its just a matter of time . Im waiting patiently 
Hit me up for my new number 
You are a liar ! For no reason . Yeah get yourself together alright I'm not waitin 
Steph omfg that was close !! Lol 
Let me be the one who loves you the most . No more chasing love . I just wanna fall in lovecan you make me fall in love again . F.I.L.A 
Missing my little monster vaca and I hate to admit it but missing my boo bear a little oh well . Hope my Snookie Vaca has fun 2day I'm over there tomorrow 
Finally fb works for this crazy phone . New number inbox for it . Out and about for the day 
Gonna have to get this tattoo fixed NOT HAPPY ABOUT THAT 
My bestie has ABSOFREAKINIKNOWSHEMUSTHAVELY LOST HER MIND call me mierda 
Idk WHAT to believe right now . I'm so lost right now ... wow 
even when the sky comes falling . Even when the sun don't shine ... this love is a sure thing . 
Hit like for a confession . 
OMG still awake I wish I actually slept at night 
Party at the besties house after she gets off work B-) ... feeling better 
I have a MILLION things i want to say to 10 people i particular , but I cant help but wonder what it would do to them to know how I REALLY ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY felt about them . It would break their hearts and they would know to never cross paths with me every again . How about this if they hit me up today they can get every word I have for them . Promise 
Sis : what if someone stripped us took my shoes and your phone ? \ 
Me:that's 400 dollars we killin somebbody ! \ 
Lol that's the hood 4 ya 
Easter egg hunt for the family per my sisters request . Besties house tonight :-) 
I hope they never find out what they already know . So we won't confirm the fling , keep avoiding all the questions . I'm probably a little bit in love w/ you Drake 
On my way to the besties house time to kick my night off ttyl fb 
Ugh look at that white stuff on it you ain't even look at it you just swallowed it 
Gorditas !!!!!!!! I love my bestie 
Its all dripping and wet and you're eating it ugh 
Take it easy on your throat tis essential for what you're doing you can't do it without it 
That's why I'm scared to put it in it might break off 
Teach me show me guide me ... 
I hate getting messages from you . I hate the ish you do but I still text you back and say I miss you too 
Stay down there imma work up here 
Why are people so sensitive tonight 
Thinkk this is gonna be an all nighter but I'm up for it #leggo 
Instead of singn for he's a jolly good fellow this chick just sang the cat went over the mountain 
L O O K you MF , go down . 
Happy Easter Everyone 
Rude ! I'm hurt 
Teach me - < PROPMALE > <3 yes ! 
Moving the party to my house ;-) taking the bestie to meet my granny 
I want mi vaca to have a good time she is just sitting here :-( 
Watching my lil vaca at dance class she caught on QUICK go girl get it !! 
Irritated and ready for bed seriously . I can't even believe he tried this but whatever . Ready to sleep right after this hunt . 
Inbox me < PROPFIRST > colors whatever in BORED 
Green , my homie my other ride til they die . I kno we are some heartless cold mf's but I love ur crazy butt sooo much I know always no mttr wht I can count on u 
#5 my other little homie even I only see you when I sneak into your school I kno you are just the sweetest person that talks to mi little cow stay that way 
Pretty pink ahaha at that name but you are my ride til every1 dies ily but no buts I love your lil loca culo lol 
Keep those < PROPFIRST > and colors coming 
Red polo ;-) hit my inbox 
7165829 you make sick and I don't like you go away 
Hot pink ily < PROPFEMALE > you always make me laugh 
Zebra print pink even though we hardly see eachother when we do I get excited . I miss you girl 
Blue where did you get such a poetic soul from ? You seem much more mature than your age . You are gonna find someone that's worth your time 
Green leaf you are such a great person never change 
69 hahaha nice number I'm mad we lost contact hit my inbox for the number 
Shitty brown lol perfect color and object that's how ur face looks thnks for fathering my kids with my wife . We still boxing though 
911 perfect number lol ily but I mean I still feeling neglected its not too late to repair our marriage lol 
Movie time with the bestie and the silblings ttyl fb 
Omg steph is running out of here like a rocket I hope everything is ok I feel miserable about to vomit hope I feel well enough for the project tomorrow 
Finally feeling a bit better 
Lost my freaking wallet 
Whoever buys me some sidewalk chalk will FOREVER have my heart i swear it 
Up earlly made breakfast a corn tortilla w/ eggs cheese and steak brain food . Back to school I go 
Being honest as ever if your name isn't < PROPFIRST > Medina and you go to Pulaski I don't have 2 words for you today . And I'm dead a ** 
Geez that workout was intense I enjoyed my week off now its back to the normal routine I go 
Home ! :-) 
I'm a sucker for love <3 
< PROPFEMALE > you going to school ? 
< PROPFEMALE > are you at school yet ? 
Got another 2 and a half hours to go 
Of all the people in this world to lie to why me ? I don't lie to you I don't care what it is I never lie ! 
Going to sleep mad and bored meeting at 4 ugh sorry Steph 
You ugly mf whatever you did to piss her off I got your skinny alien looking culo you don't deserve her so why treat her like mierda ? Puta 
I'm mad and feel disgusted and this doesn't even directly involve me but it directly effects me you better hope I don't see you tomorrow 
Don't you just hate itt when nothing behind people get upset when you say I don't wanna talk ? So you mad now ? When you said bye that was it I'm not going to wait for you ! Can you say disposible that's your new name 
I try so hard not to get mad because when I do I see everything in red and I feel scary to myself ! I try so hard to be decent to people I really do 
Taking colors # and questions lol 
Red my little poetic homie I have to make a trip 2 ur school soon 
Yellow :-D 
Sky blue my homie from back in the day :-D imu 
Just purchased my mf'n brand new nike shoe . < PROPFEMALE > we in there lol 
That wasn't my intention . Oh well its done Now 
Describe me in one word using the following letters : I m s e o and n most importantly n 
Sooooooooo bored I need to focus on this homework :-( 
No calls or texts . Going to bed sad I feel bad for saying it but that's how I felt and that's how you make me feel sometimes like I just don't do ANYTHING 
So I guess I must not do anything you make me feel like a bad person and like I'm useless idk what else to do I feel like my existance causes you problems 
So idk what I will do tomorrow but it will be something . I'm sick of feeling useless and bothersome . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > M\ 
< PROPFIRST > Medina\ 
I'm really wanting to straight up murder 4 people today . 
Precious GodHappens Hill\ 
Aye girl I am not hard to talk to we haven't fallen apart you just walked away from me its ok though when your world stops rapidly spinning I'm here . 
< PROPFIRST > Jedi-theincrediblehulk Nicholson\ 
I'm reallllllllllyyyyyy mad at you 
Hit like and I will make a status about you 
< PROPFIRST > DatnineOsixniggaah Williams\ 
We harldy talk anymore . JERK but great morning enjoy school 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Zastrow\ 
My little sexy lol have fun at school I will see you later ;-) 
< PROPFEMALE > FowlerBaby\ 
Cuz , we have to get together soon tell that bald man I call my daddy to throw me a party lol 
Mrss ' Cox\ 
Girl . Imma need for you to stop looking so mean in the halls smile 
Ilove my best friend she is a silly butt though 
:-( 
Let me gt my speech on so < PROPFEMALE > doesn't have to call < PROPFEMALE > to get the esn's 
Yo quiero bailar !! Menea < PROPFEMALE > menea til it falls off lol 
This girl just asked me who the f tupac was !!! Heck no I don't have anything to say to her . 
Man I'm cold cold cold in this dress 
3 
You can't stand me but you broke my heart so idgaff ! Done kissn culo I dnt owe u anythng bt wht I've given and if that wasn't enough to get u thru hrd times bye 
Try me and get your feelings hurt should have thought twice before picking up the phone and using my number . 
I know < PROPFEMALE > better say she is going to be my prom date or else ! And we eating gorditas afterward . Hit me up sexy lol 
I miss my bestie's :'( 
I'm trying to tell precious Obama killed Binladen they captured him 10yrs ago and tortured him . Bush was ladens business partner 
Go Obama go 10 points for < PROPFEMALE > 0 for the terrorists ! 
< PROPFEMALE > mf'n Mejia I love you girl lol 
Crazy mf ? I am one . \ 
Steady Mobbin'\ 
Lil < PROPMALE > 
I really need to talk to my best friend and she's busy I feel so lonely 
You make me feel giddy and alive beautiful capable and amazing ... well you used to now you just make me sick 
I absofreakindarntoutelyfreakindoodely love < PROPFEMALE > ! \ 
My ride til all them mf's die !! \ 
Just think of this as our next ride out boo 
Look into the equals eye and say I am nothing like you , why ? B **** see it gets me how nothing gets me or gets to me . Lil < PROPMALE > ~ shoot me down 
I know Caspers GOTHIC Salvadorian cousin !! \ 
Lol 
Comment and I will post on ur wall\ 
1 . how we met\ 
2 . first impression\ 
3 . what I like about you\ 
4 . why we are friends 
Berto has me ROLLING OVER HERE lol but he's right lol ! 
Why do people lie ????? Wow but Ok . You can't put anything past a psychopath 
The day after graduation , people can forget about it I'm changing my number and only 4 people from high school will have it . The rest of you guys can forget it ! 
Earth , \ 
A place where insignificant things mean more than they are worth . \ 
Where ignorance is bliss\ 
Where people don't have common sense\ 
Where life is a game . 
Know that the lies , games and psycho behavior gets you no where in life . \ 
Think about it you have pushed yourself back even further than before . \ 
Miserable people 
You are a whore , liar and a player , \ 
It won't last because in the end what good do you posses ? What can you do lie and plot ? Nothing ? That's just what you are . 
Disengage\ 
D I S E N G A G E 
I'm harder than superman\ 
I bounce back like a rubberband\ 
;) \ 
Mr. Yeah 
Chicken nuggets from bk r the nastiest and the toughest ! 
Watching toy story 3 in AP . Calculus and these toys ate wreckless !!! Lol 
Just know I'm sick of you ! Everytime you breath it just pushes me further and further away , sad . \ 
Can't say I didn't try . When its not there its just not . \ 
Bye 
Seeing you makes my head spin my heart accelerate and my blood boil . \ 
&\ 
The worst part is idk if that's good or not . 
Business is business and play is play . \ 
Either way its yours to take care of not anyone elses . \ 
Bottom line _______ handle yours ! 
What do you need to file a restraining order ? Does anyone know ? 
Ish w/ him ain't g no more you ain't entertained ;) \ 
Wiz K\ 
Roll Up 
Ok we don't want no problems ok your a goon but what's a goon to a goblin ? \ 
Lil < PROPMALE > \ 
Steady Mobbin 
Busy busy BUSY day tomorrow ! \ 
Scholarship ceremony \ 
The mf'n besties 15 party ! 
A TSUNAMI of SWAGGER lol wow 
baby your heart is safe with me\ 
I wanna show you what love is supposed to be\ 
And I wanna give you all of this street love 
