needs a nap !!! lol 

happy fourth everyone !!! 
im moving im moving !!! if u need a car let me know !!! 
hangin out with < PROPFEMALE > !!! i <3 her !!! 
woot !!! oregon we made it here alright and i truely <3 it so far !!!!!!!!! love u < PROPFIRST > the lion !!! 
going to alaska !!! looking for tickets now ! 
how come when i want to talk no one is online ??? 
ok if no one wants to talk to me im off to bed night everyone !!!! 
alaska here i come !!! woooooooo fuck all u im going home !!!!!! 
ok fuck all u !!!! no one ever freakin talks to me wtf !!!!!! 
my mom is a trip !!! lmao especially when shes drunk !!! lol i love my mom !!! 
drunk ppl suck 
the shit !!!!!!!!!!! weeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!! bordom is ruling my life !!!! 
whats everyone up to ??? 
i miss my family you too faith call if u want ... 9077759137 
boredom !!! its ruling my life ... one small step at a time !!! 
im sexy - < PROPFIRST > 
happy new years everyone ! 
im still alive !!! upset but alive 
texas in a couple days woo ! 
waiting for someone to get on hurry up !!! 
what is everyone up too ??? 
i miss my < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
waitin for him ... 
fuck this shit !!! 
sooooooooo excited school and shit !!! yay and my man !!! hehe love you !!!!!!!!! 
grr 
my facebook im thingy isnt working so if you want to get ahold of my im me on yahoo at pjw_89 love you guys ! 
im really hyper i blame all of you !!! espically < PROPFIRST > ! 
super excited !!!! i donno why though ... haha 
grr i hate the fb im thingy !!!! 
lacys happy and she knows it !!! yay !!! im supper happy with my mister !!! 
sooooooooo sad i cant find a pup ! 
What type of dog should i get ? 
miss my man :( 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give u a baby . Give her a house , she will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her a smile n she will give u her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... Post it on your wall if u agree 
baby get home soon !!! lol you need to check my paper !! i love him !!! 
blah i hate writing business papers ! 
I do not have a baby !!! thats just my niece but thank you she is adorable !!! I <3 him !!! 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ... Im tiard .... I only have an hour to wait for < PROPFIRST > ..... and I freakin miss my < PROPFEMALE > !!!! If you see this get a hold of me !!!! I want to < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Stupid ppl infurieate me ! 
I think I like him ... a little ... maybe a lot ! lol hehe <3 
i love him he is a punk ! 
yay hot springs here I come !!! I <3 you boo ! 
yay < PROPMALE > hot springs !!! now shower then paper writing !!! I love my boo !!! 
blah i wish he would hurry up and get home !!! 
yay money !!! I <3 you Mr. < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one Nation under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see howmany < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost ? 
yay money !!! I ? you Mr. < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
ugh school bombed my mid term for english !!! study groups !!! yay !!! 
yay hes home !!! shower then sleep !!! 
mmmmm great dinner warm fire and tv all good that its snowing now but it still could b better 
I hate stupid fake posers who cant bother doing anything for themselves !!! get a life and grow the f*ck up !!!! 
ugh i got to get up early to do math !!! night everyone ! 
ok back to homework !!! 
working out woot !!! 
i hate stupid abusive ppl !!! they infurate me i have no < PROPFEMALE > to talk to this person ever again and i might get a restraining order !!!! 
sooo tiard but going to drink my coffee and then go help mom and dad in the yard !!! hopefully if i go < PROPFIRST > will fallow haha 
I want this headach to go away so i can enjoy some rock band or uno or all of the above ! 
thinking about getting an internet job im always on here anyways lol <3 him !!! 
school blah ! i dont wanna go !!!! 
keepin my head up drop as many bombs on me as u want im going to get through whether you like it or not !!! im strong and willing and i can get through anything all my friends that are having troubles remember this too !!! <3 we will get through anything hit me up if you wanna talk ! 
hinesite is freaking awesome !!! have you ever looked back and though damn im glad i didn't hook up with them hahaha or what the f *** was i thinking ? 
Dinner yay !!! 
COFFEE !!! I need my regularly scheduled I.V. im ready !!! 
shower time ! i love my boo ! 
Snobbygirls come from New York , sweet girls come from Alabama , but we CALIFORNIAgirls have fire and ice in our blood ...... We can ride four wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks , and drink with the boys ..... and if we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it . Re-post if you'rea true CALIFORNIA GIRL .. SO FREAKIN TRUE !!! 
ren fair was pretty awesome 
does anyone know of any places hiring under the table let me know <3 
i have lost my shoes :( 
Damn y dont u ppl make me smile more it feels kinda good like in the movie grinch when he returns all the presents lol 
i might need more soda :) 
alright shower then off to bed ! 
ok so ... Math test done ( check ) paper turned in ( check ) now I only have to finish my presentation ! yay ! 
ugh ! imovie keeps closing on me ! 
grr !!! im going to go take a shower get my mind off this for a lil so i can put my full mind back on it ! 
yay finally done ! till < PROPFIRST > gets home and tells me its not long enough lol 
ugh i feel like shit ! im going to go lay down till < PROPFIRST > calls me back 
so excited i get to see my nate nate on friday :D but im going to miss < PROPFIRST > :( and I have to of the most bad ass ppl i have ever met coming to see me ( maybe not just me but make me feel special damn it ) Faith I love you and cant wait to see u my sista from another mista haha and Sky ... well hope things work better for u here man ! 
my head is killing me !!! 
sac here i come ! 
all nice and silky smooth time for the kiddy pool with nate !!! 
time for a walk with the nate ! yay ! 
ugh !!! its going to be a long time before i have kids !!! 
Bath time ! 
ugh bed !!! lets try to sleep !!! 
soooooo i totally should have broght my book :( fudge !!! 
thank god for coffee !!! :) im happy now !!! almost ..... 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an Angel in Heaven looking over you , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad ? 
I got a job yay !!! I finished my paperwork today and I did my hair test !!! so i will be working within the next week yay !!! 
Im going to eat some < PROPFEMALE > do u think it will help sweeting me up ??? 
grr school ! 
ok so now laundry clean the house do business paper thats already late ! lets see how much pammy can do from 7pm to 2 am :) 
mmmm IM HUNGRY !!! hurry up hunny !!!! 
Congrats Graduates ! Hope you have fun finding yourself and a job ... hope the future is brighter than the past and that wisdom is the only thing that hits you right smack in your ... face ! 
ugh ! more studying !!! blah ! at least i got full credits on my english presentation ! yay kinda .... still a billion hours of studing and home work yay ! not .... 
Happy Fathers Day ! RIP Daddy 
new hair its short and i love it !!! 
WOOO i get fitted for uniforms Monday and I start on tuesday 
ugh my head is killin !!!! 
ugh !!! just cuz im happy doesnt mean ppl should hit on me !!! 
went for a bike ride then starbucks and beach hut Thanks baby I love spending time with you :) 
alright the house is hott and im half way done with upstairs just got to finish steam cleaning the carpets then maybe a nap xP 
ugh one room left !!! then clean up the floors and clean the bathrooms and the dog then im done ( not in that order ) :) 
Im starving !!!!!!! 
work tomorrow yay !!! 
first day of real work lol ugh ! 
hey all anyone know of a place my frined could crash for a couple days ? 
think whatever u want to about me I am just me ! I have never done anything to most of the ppl saying shit about me and the others that i have done something wrong to well it is only wrong in ur eyes because u cant see that i was only trying to help u after of course u asked for it ! If u dont like me then get the fuck lost and dont bother to act all sweet when I come around ! to everyone else I hope u have a great day ! 
RIP < PROPMALE > you were a loved friend ! my condolences < PROPFEMALE > I love you , just know he will truly be missed by all ! 
Let this vast beautiful world inspire you ... Let no enemies thoughts bring you down .... I stole this from < PROPFEMALE > ! This is what Im going to start living by day to day ! 
not looking forward to work lol 
woooohooooo party tomorrow !!!! after daves service .... I love you guys ! 
thanks for all the birthday wishes love you all ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who works hard , would do anything for you , who makes you laugh , is your best friend , who wants to grow old with you , will always pick you up when you're down , who is your world and someone that you are thankful for , then postthis to your status and give the good men the recognition that they ... deserve , because great men are few and far between ! 
mmm food then work blah !!!! i dont know if im ready for work but it is my half ass friday lol 
ugh my head hurts again !!! 
I love watching lie to me great show !!! i love you babe !!! 
yay ! my baby is finally home ! nice great time for a shower then food ( not in that order ) and then finally bed ! yay ! long day tomorrow 
I have such an amazing bf !!!!!! 
boo laundry !!!! i dont want to go to work either had a good day off i want another one !!! ( i want < PROPFIRST > to have another one too ) blah ! ok ill stop bitching now ! <3 you guys 
i want a puppy ! if you like this show me so i can get one ... you see if you like it < PROPFIRST > might let me get one 
alright nap time ! dont like to work in the mornings !!! 
mmmmm tortiolini in a white sauce with garlic bread ! im soooooooo ready ! 
off to work ! not so excited ! lol 
<3 my baby is amazing sooooo grateful for him !!!! 
mmmmmm margaritas ! 
when you have had some hard years behind you its nice to look back and see who is family my dad taught me that there is family and there is everyone else and I AGREE Family is not only blood but the truest of friends I love ALL of my family ! I am very proud to know each and every one of you < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else having a hard time things will get easier but just know as my family I will always be here for anything 
its nap time !!! yay i feel like an excited 3 year old lmao 
ugh the start to a horrible day .... fuck 
ugh feel like crap but off to work ! i love my baby ! 
yay he brightens my day ! i soooooo freakin love him <3 
ok ready to start my work day !.... i think lol 
baking a cake for mom , going to < PROPMALE > for phones , food , and other shopping , icing a cake ( hopefully making it look wonderful ) then bed xP 
makeup or no makeup ??? 
yay ! i love my friends and family ! they are the absolute best 
If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , post a comment of thefirst memory you have of ME that pops into your head . When you'refinished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprisedwhat people remember about you !! 
picked up a day at work yay more money ! i love my man hes amazing ! 
first one in last one out :( mitul you suck ! i only got an hour and i work 8X harder ass lol 
if you have a wonderful man , who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for you , who makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is yourworld & someone that you're thankful for everyday , then post this as your status ? 
movie night is a great thing for anniversary ! happy anniversary baby love you ! 
i totally need to get my license ... 
off to get ready for work ! 
time to get ready for work ! 
whooo hooo faithy !!!! i love you have a great trip ! 
yay my faith is home and i missed her like crazy ! <3 I love my family and friends !!! 
blah i feel like shit ! 
age4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does knowabout this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonderwhat ...... Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have , or had , the best Mom in the world ! 
put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2010 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? 
i think i need to start working out again ... im starting to get a belly ! ( no not a prego belly either !!! ) 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Donot join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It is a group of pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe !! ( please take a minute to copy & paste .. ) " 
Todayis world Cancer day , I'd appreciate it if you would repost this request , 93% willl not repost it . A small request ; just one line . Dear God , I pray for a cure for cancer . Amen 
migrane time for sleep and then dinner with the most wonderful boyfriend ever ! i love you so much hunni thank you for taking care of me 
i have the most wonderful man in the world !!! 
Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent and outspoken . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle- but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a ... Handful ..... then repost this ...... on ... your status . I DARE You 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping , or whom we have carried , but never met , or those we held , but could not take home . Make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of the littlest angels 
Childrenwith special needs do not have an illness . It is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of allchildren who just need a little extra help ! 
loves how im always the one that everyone that likes to blame , but it is there own stupidity that causes them to get hurt !!! fucking A ! get a grasp reality here 
VIRUSspreadinglikewildfire on FaceBook ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It willsteal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOTopen thelink Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 ... requests you , don'tacceptit; it is a virus . If somebody on your list ... adds her ... then ... you get the virus too ! Please copy and paste to your wall . Thiswas confirmedon SNOPES . COM3 .. 
loves how im always the one that everyone that likes to blame , but it is there own stupidity that causes them to get hurt !!! fucking A ! get a grasp on reality here 
mmmm sushi was really good !!! i love you baby ! your the best ! 
cookies ! lots and lots of cookies ! < PROPFEMALE > crocker aint got shit on me ! 
5 dozen cookies perfectly cooked ( check ) 1 dozen salty cookies ( check ) the only bummer is i forgot the nuts in half of them oh well ! 
In memory of the fallen brothers and sister 9 years ago . Never forgotten . Be in the same spot if given the < PROPMALE > to save a soul . 
yay work then on vacation for a week :) 
finish packing tonight on the road around 1ish tomorrow ! wooot ! 
i am home at last lol had a wonderful trip to the coast ( pictures coming next week ) with my baby and a wonderful family !!! then an amazing visit with my sissy ! miss you guys already but im pooped ! haha off to bed ! 
September is cancer awareness month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . 
ugh laundry !!!! i hate it ! 
Starbucks is going up in price wtf ! i might have to disown them i wish we had a Dutch bros 
yay bones !!! 
totally feel like shit ! 
feeling a bit better today ! going to go get ready for work ! 
ugh still trying to post vacation pictures but the man left the camera on for like 2 days so the batteries are toast and i have to wait all day just to post pics !!! grr sorry < PROPFEMALE > !!! soon i promise ! 
mmmm off to eat food ! thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in herear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you ... make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing her smiles . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
hopefully we can see my sissy !!! 
homework done till tomorrow ! 
did anyone else see the double rainbows at stateline ? 
ugh hate being up at this hour but get to see my sissy for breakfast then off to work ! 
finally off to bed have been up since the butt crack of < PROPFEMALE > ! ugh long day at work glad to be home with my hunny ! 
ugh i hate homework sometimes ! 
ugh i hate waiting ! 
Fake (+) (+) perky(*)(*)cold (^) (^) and even grandmas \\./\\./ big ( o )( o ) or small (.) (.) Save them all ! Repost for Breast Cancer Awarness ! Save the tatas ! 
Freaking love ruffles sour cream and onion chips ! 
t's LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister 
so ready to be over the morning sickness !!! 
thank you all for the warm wishes we are so happy and cant wait :P 
ok problem #1 Why the fuck is it so hard to open prenatal vitamins ?!?!?!?! problem #2 Why the fuck are they so big ?!?!?!?!? 
There are U.S. military members somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own lives for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post ... if ...... you are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops . 
oh so sleepy had a great time in sac ! looked at furniture and bought some stuff we need for the move :) 
grr every boys names i like < PROPFIRST > hates wtf ? and its like stupid little things like he likes lein but not leim grr ! 
For everyone that has not heard yes i am prego i don't know what im having yet ( a lil too early for that ) my first appt . is on the 15th i will let you all know more then and MAYBE have pictures 
had my first appt . today and it went well i had a sonogram its a wiggly lil baby lol im going to try to put the pics up tomorrow 
i miss < PROPFIRST > already hurry home baby ! but make it a safe trip ! 
sooooo sleepy ! going to do the dishes then to bed 
ugh stuck at home ! and the irs wont talk to me !!! grr 
Happy thanksgiving everyone ! hope everyone is with family and friends having a blast ! but if you are working know i am thinking about you hoping you get to spend some time with loved ones 
starting to clean baby cloths 
why is there never anyone around to bake with me ? 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without medicine . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we give millions of $ in tax breaks to the wealthiest 1% of Americans -- those who need it ...... least !. Only 1% of Facebook users will re-post this message . I know I'm in the 1% , what about you 
cookies taste great but look like crap :) 
ConfessionTime ! ( Inbox ONLY ) .... 2O1O Is Almost Over . Confess Something You've Always Wanted To Tell Me :) Put This As Your Status . You Might BeSurprised ! 
A person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are myfriends . In honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom . Please post . It is not only the soldier it is the family they leave behind waiting for their safe return . 
yay baby shower ! i love babies <3 then off to < PROPMALE > and to crosbys ! 
how come some ppl will never learn what they are doing is wrong and bad for them ? its frustrating ! but i guess i cant help everyone 
i need coffee ! 
off to work ! 
I remember the day you passed away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , bright eyes laid to rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there’s someone in Heaven that you miss every day & wish that they could be here for Christmas 
swiming was good but it might be naptime soon 
yay xmas ! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you ......... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true ... friend . They will know who they are . :-) 
ok blowing out my hair then off to spend some time with my family :) ( part of it ) if anyone needs me just text or call 
i really want sleep but i have to work :( 
so tiard of being a nice person and everyone trys to fuck me around or lie wtf ? why cant you be honest ? 
being pregnant and sick is not fun and to put a < PROPFEMALE > on top of it all i cant call in to work ... ugh ! 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > we love you and will miss you always ! but im glad you found your way back to < PROPMALE > ! 
doctors appointment went well :) 
why am i up ? its 10am :( i dont like this but at least charter came before they said they were going to and huge surprise nothings wrong now ! grr 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life\ 
( soon ) 
i get my ring tomorrow yay ! 
ok the baby has found my ribs and is relentless on them ! off to work 
shopping for wedding stuff ! dont know what i got myself into lol 
i love cake !!! haha fat kid loves cake !!! 
swim class then work yay ! not ... lol 
I love my man !!!!! He is so amazing !!! \ 
<3 true love 
ugh boys are stupid ! 
lots and lots of heartburn ! 
starving now ! lol i just know i am going to have heartburn ugh ! 
lalala swim was good with my hunni , thanks for coming with me babe ! now for a shower then to < PROPMALE > with my baby and D !!! Im so excited im like a puppy with a new toy :P 
off to work yay ! 
YaY < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party ! 
I love my man ! he is my whole world ( for now ) and i cant wait to spend the rest of my life with him <3 love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
off to work soon ... yay !... not ... so much snow to deal with :( 
wow ... a stalker letter already today ... im doing great 
time to eat then to get ready for work 
ok shower and sleep :) 
passed my written test yay now i can learn to drive ! got my glasses ordered ! and got my coffee maker ! 
12 weeks to go im excited ! i cant wait to see my baby <3 
Here are the normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) , the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large boobs ( o Y o ) , and very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.) . We love them all !... Post this message on your wall and say ??? (?_?) ??? to breast cancer !! 
blah blah blah ! thats what im hearing ! why do people bitch so much ? 1 . you are lucky to be alive to fix your problems ! 2 . you make things worse by not trying to make them better ! 3 . no one on facebook can make things better for you !!! now on a better note have a great day :) 
I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry some times , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I give a crap . Re-post this if you're proud of who you are ! 
ITS A GIRL ITS A GIRL !!! 
yay ! baby stuff ! 
my hunni made me dinner :) i love him now off to bed 
My Mom made me laugh ..... Wiped my tears ..... Hugged me tight ..... Watched me succeed ..... Watched me fall ..... Cheered me on ..... Kept me going strong ..... and ..... drove me a little crazy at times ..... But Mom's are a promise from GOD that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful Mom 
WTF is this world coming to ? they just added lol , omg , <3 , and muffin top to the dictionary ! really really ? Is it just me or is this fucking ridiculous ? 
sleep might be good ... 
