Hey look I'm on facebook ! I know holy crap , right ? 

Wow I'm on facebook again !!!!!!! A miracle , right ?! woo-hoo 
is bored beyond belief and hopes she can make it through the summer . 
is reading about Sookie Stakehouse ! 
is in a really horrible mood . deal with it world . 
is now in a blah sort of mood . idk . its not good though . need an air hug from someone ... 
is thinking that she is bored ! 
is playing sims . 
is really hoping for snow days !!!! 
i am so bored . some one please call me or something ! 
BORED ! -emo sobs- 
is watching kitchen nightmares and getting hungry . Still bored too . hm . 
is watching bridezillas and hoping i will never be like that . 
is still bored and well .. kinda feeling like crap ... 
is now amazing thanx to < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . I love you both ! Thanx for the pick me up . 
Why am I awake ? So tired ... 
I've had a MT . Dew so I'm good to go ! 
Okay ... boredom has set in again !!!!!!!! -screams- 
blah , blah , blah !!!!!!!!!!!! ... ... ... ... BLAH ! \ 
hehehe . I'm bored . 
au revior , mes amies ! 
hey just hanging out . Bored out of my skull . Way too much Left 4 dead . See zombies everywhere !!!! 
is so happy right now , -hehe- 
I am dealing with a very crappy summer . Thanx to the person who causes it all . You know who you are and I hope you pay dearly for what you've done . -evil laugh- 
I have a change to my ealier comment . My ruined summer is not attributed to just one person , though I do place most of the blame on that nazi bitch , one other person has decided that my beliefs are not good enough for her . Thanx . NOT ! 
\Me and jesus decided to see other people\ " Layfette " 
I have a car !!!!!!! 
where's < PROPMALE > ? 
sorry bout the swear on < PROPFEMALE > roth's facebook . that was me . i thought i was on mine . 
what the hell ?! how come i cant even find < PROPMALE > on facebook !?! 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > I feel the need to tell you to go straight to hell . I hope that you rot there and that the eret of your remaining life is as miserable as what you've made mine . 
Omg i almost hate being a commuter . I have no where to go for the hour or so i have off ! 
Grrr .... I dont know why . LOL 
I'm loving college . lol 
Gotta go and do college type things . lol 
Its great to be a saint but it sux to be an absentee girlfriend . :( 
First Day of College !!!!!!! OMG !! 
I think I might be able to keep my head at college .... all I have to do is work my ass of and lug around 8 books at a time . Oh well maybe I'll loose weight . lol . 
I like the sweet kiss the best ... 
thank you for flying church of england . cake or death ? 
Is this a sexy tune ms. badcrumble ? \ 
oh yes its a very sexy tune . my husband and i made love to it during the1418 war i'll have u know . \ 
ok . -snug as a bug in a rug- ... at what point did u orgasm during this song ? \ 
all thru it . it was multiple.it wasnt invented then but i got there . on a < PROPFEMALE > glider . \ 
ur fuckin nuts . 
I think I'm going to post an < PROPFIRST > izzard joke as often as possible and see how many people get it ... Hitler never played risk as a kid . hahaha 
Brwon bread . no thats diesel oil . I want brown bread . Brown bread . Two words . First word sounds like \brown \"." 
I am an evil herbervore . I am an evil giraffe . I shall eat more leaves then I should so that other giraffes may die . mwhuahahaha 
had one of the best weekends ever !!!!!!!!!! 
I see more love in his eyes then in all the < PROPFEMALE > of the bible ... 
oh crap I forgot to add in an < PROPFIRST > izzard quote in my last two posts but i did watch him this weekend so that was meant to be included in my best weekend ever thing ... whatever its my logic and it works cuz it does 
Pole vault in the stoned Olympics . U throw the pole over the bar . 
I can kill catering with a single thought 
U saunter down . Get in a car . We won ! 3-nil . and u live forever . surely . ok what ur telling me is that its true but not funny . lolz 
I am worshiped ! 
.... water monsters are really creepy . Never drink any water from mars ! U will die ! and then spew water . 
I am so happy its Friday . I need sleep or Mt Dew . ... Would actually prefer the dew . lol 
Has now realized how much of an english geek I am when I checked out crime and punishment for a fun reread . 
Just aced the quiz over Equiano ! Totally worth the soul-killing hours spent reading it ! 
Omg . I am bored ! lol 
I am about to go kick butt in capture the flag . Fear me .... 
We won !!!!! Yellow Team Won !!!!!!!!!!!! 
It was fun walking round the high school and knowing I dont ever have to go thru it again !!!!!!! I am so happy to be college . Minus the massive books and huge homewok load . Oh well . Cant have everything . 
With the week that I've had ... all I can say is at least its Friday ... 
is watching the resident evil 1-3 and then gonna go see the new one ! so pumped ! 
is being sneaky in class . hehehe 
who knew that i have a paper due next week that i just found out about today 
I can not believe how boring ancient egypt can be ....... 
Why cant anyone in ancient egypt have easy names ? 
Yes ! I am done ! 
Now to go eat lunch 
Yay ! Weekend !!!!!!!!! 
is writing a paper . That is due tomorrow . Damn 
omg ! Why is this paper bugging me ? It should be easy !!!! -emo sobs- 
I just cant do it .... 
is finally working on her paper ... but then gets distracted by facebook .... at least i am trying ... 
Yay ! Peoples to distract me !!! 
Almost done ! Bye bye writers block . 
Yes ! the paper is done !!!!! Not sure how good it is but i dont care !!!! Its done !!!! 
and the first college paper is done .... next the first college exam .... 
What < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > character are you ? -- My Result : Mrs Lovett . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/86779/referrals/status?aid=1198885514 
Bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored . Can anyone tell tahat i am bored out of my skull ? 
yay ! power ! 
I love the rain just not the wind ... I keep getting knocked pver by it . 
I need to find a happy book to read . otherwise I'll go emo with all he depressing books I've read recently . lol 
is being frustrated by her beyond google hmwrk . Grrr 
Wow bored out of my skull . No fun at all . 
Hahahahaha I will not be outsmarted by beyond google . I win ! 
Buddha !!!! 
I'm gonna facebook you so hard you're gonna end up on myspace . 
Rawr !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am so glad its friday ... but it doesnt feel like friday for some reason . That bugs me . 
Wow .... bored ..... really .... 
Class in ten minutes ..... but facebook is still here . Damn . 
alright alright ... I'll go to class ..... then facebook again . lol 
One More Class to go today !!!!!!!!!! 1 
I so dont want to do this hmwrk .... 
I am in a really boring class .... 
yay no more classes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Now all i have to do is smart up this paper . hahahaha 
This paper maybe harder than I had thought . 
Yay the paper is done ! 
some people need to pull their head out of their asses .... u know who u r ... 
Finished the final draft of the paper !!!!!!! 
Maybe this is what happens when a tornado meets a volcano ... 
I'm an addict for dramtics and i confuse the two for love ... 
wow and here i thought life couldnt get any worse . great . this awesome ... not 
This used to be a funhouse , but now its filled with evil clowns 
I beg to differ on the contrary , I agree with every word that u say . \ 
Talk is cheap and lies are expensive , my wallet's fat and so is my head\ 
hit and run and then I'll hit you again\ 
I'm a smart ass but I'm playing dumb 
Love me cancerously , like a salt soar soaked in the sea\ 
\high maintance\ " means you're a gluttonous < PROPFEMALE > 
FALL BREAK !!!!!!!!!! 
and fall break is now over .... 
Thanks for the warm fuzzies < PROPFEMALE > . 
My paper is finally done . Now just that massive 10 < PROPFEMALE > research paper due next Monday , not too mention whats going on on Thursday . ugh ! =( 
lets do the timewarp again ! 
To whom it may concern : go to hell ! 
So here's the thing , one of my best friend's won't talk to me becuase she ditched me ( figure that one out ) , I have a ppo out on me , I feel like crap , my ribs hurt for some reason .... but my 10 < PROPFEMALE > research paper is done ... so I shall repeat : to whom it may concern , go to hell and rot . You better hope the devil kicks you out before I get down there . 
Stab my back , its better when i bleed for you , walk on me , it was never enough to do 
touch-a touch-a touch-a me ... I wanna be dirty ! 
< PROPFEMALE > tales don't tell kids that dragons are real , kids already know dragons exist , < PROPFEMALE > tales tell kids that dragons can be killed . 
another turning point a for stuck in the road , time grabs u by the wrist directs u where to go , so make the best of this test and dont ask y , its not a question but a lesson learned in time , its something unpredictable but in the end is right i hope u had the time of ur life 
I wanna know why only ONE guy has shown any romantic interest in me at all , made me feel like i was the most important and beautiful woman on earth , and how come he's not here with me ? I need him .... 
Smile and no one will see that ur broken inside ... 
I heard the theme from the final destination 4 on the way to school . Made me think of going to see it with my twin . So much fun ! -happy dance- 
I am a < PROPFEMALE > red-headed troublemaker . =) 
is probably annoying people by slipping into a british accent without warning . But its not my fault , i have no control over it . lol 
make me happier , make me forget the future 
\You're snitching on me for some < PROPFEMALE > cakes !!!??? \"" 
< PROPMALE > POTTER TONITE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yes i dressed up for the hp midnite show , yes I'm an adult now , jealous ? 
fuzzy walls ! 
Everybody , everybody stand up stand up now dont be shy . People people get up get up get up . Testify !! 
Alright friends ... Question of the day ... If I came with a warning label , what would it say ? ( LOL ) :) ~ 
IN YOUR PANTS ! 
wants a pair of converse , a sonic screwdriver , a TARDIS , and a time-lord ... make that < PROPFIRST > Tennant ! 
I cut my hair !!! 
I'm poochyena ! Cuz I'm ferocious . lol 
Yay going to the mall with me bestie < PROPFEMALE > ! 2 trips to the mall in one week . I'm becoming a proper teenager ... like way too late . lol 
I constantly thank god for estaban 
I wish I had something smart to say , but all I have is ... dammit 
if there was one thing you could tell me right now , anything in the world , what would it be ? 
Liars can always be trusted to lie . Honestly . It's the honest one's u need to watch out for . 
one final down , way too many to go ... 
Just got done with a psych final . Now < PROPMALE > final tomorrow and hopefully turning in my world lit final . 
Quetsvrues Heghoptr ! 
Raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways 
feels like the floor keeps giving out and all I want to know is why and to scream and cry but instead I play along and keeping hoping that something will go right for once but I keep in mind that has been a waste of breath before . maybe living's just a waste of breath and why put a new address on the same old loneliness ... 
My circle is better than your circle !!! 
So it goes 
I want to thank god for making me an atheist 
< PROPMALE > , please play pimp 
I would really love it if these panic attacks would stop . They're gonna kill me . 
Ninja Swan ! 
Do onto others then run 
Your designer heart still beats with common blood ! \ 
and what if you could have genetic perfection , \ 
would you change who you are if you could ? \ 
Cause it's quick , it's clean , it's pure\ 
It could change your life , rest assured\ 
It's the 21st century cure ! 
madness is like gravity , all it takes is a little push . but what happens when your shoved , not pushed ? Madness doesn't seem like a friend then , oh no sirree , it becomes something that tears u up from the inside , making u doubt your own thoughts and soul . then madness pours into your veins burning all the way until there is nothing left to burn . 
Yay ! It is no longer dead car week . Sookie is fixed , with a new brain box . Maybe a new name is called for with the new floor mats . She did get a new brain box thingy after all , maybe < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Lose it ? I think you should burn it . ' Cos , y'know , if you lose it , you might find it again . 
I'm a model lalalalala I'm a model lalalalala 
Long Live Ninja Swan !!! 
is reading one of the funniest books ever . I love < PROPMALE > Lear especially when told thru the eyes of the Fool 
Has Mulan stuck in her head thanx < PROPFEMALE > 
plastic bags ... are made out of .... polar bears ?! 
it is sex and dead baby day 
feels like a zombie . Oh well . 
According to my dreams , I feel I am needing affection and attention .... 
omg ! nearly bursting out laughing in class ! thank you cracked.com! 
Thanks to Haleigh I now have Repo : The Genetic Opera ( any song , every song ) stuck in my head . Now listening to the whole soundtrack . Zydrate , its the 21st century cure ! :) 
Just has my first photo shoot ! Check either mine or < PROPFEMALE>'s fb < PROPFEMALE > for the link to the site . =) 
People need to check out my pic ! More are coming ! 
Yay math class is canceled . 
Did you know in the original Clue one of the weapons was a bomb ?! 
Awesome , my new xbox 360 , while shiny , isnt working . damn 
My car is fixed !!!!!!!!!! =) 
Yay ! my car is fixed 
okay , started looking at old dance pix and got really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really sad ...... I miss Ben ... alot . Dammit Haleigh why did you have to put that thought into my head ?! I wanna cry .... 
