Do you want to die everytime you cry or does it make you not want to give a damn about anyone but yourself ? Times ahead shows winds of change , and I will be the one in front of the storm . 

I am planning a baby shower for my wife on august 29 , if you are interested in coming please rsvp with me and I can give you the details . It is a co-ed baby shower by the way and it will be held in Omaha . < PROPFIRST>'s mom plans on hosting one for her in southe 
Ok , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > has proven himself once again , you cant argue a first round knockout , and the only thing I want to know is what is your fave kind of naked juice and why ? 
One more thing , I want to make a wager that if my employer gets a large quantity of Midnight Syndicate cd's in stock , I want to make a wager that I will be responsible for selling 200 or more of them by October 31 or will quit my job , in return for selling the 200 discs , I want dinner for two at Outback Steakhouse , that's how confident I am and I love a challenge . 
Saturday September 12 @ Noon is my wifes baby shower at our place for our first daughter < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Campbell . If you < PROPFEMALE > to attend please contact me by phone or text 402-852-6797 for further details . 
if anyone gets bored please go to my wifes facebook < PROPFEMALE > and check out our maternity pics 
Haven been on since October 7 or 8 , I have got a TON to say so stay tuned over the next couple of days , going to be busy on the PC with a variety of things . 
Please read my newest Facebook Note , I need some responses in a very crucial way 
And just for giggles , the top 5 cd's in my player right now are : Emmure Destrophy Hatebreed Pantera and Green Day like you didnt already guess that ................. zzzzzzzzzz . 
Recently rediscovered my Haymaker by Throwdown cd in one of my christmas cd cases . Thought I lost it , and found out that my noise white trash neighbors from upstairs are being forced to move to another unit , now if I can just find a new full and part time jop today I would say it's a wonderful day . 
Whats the story with Mafia Wars and Vampie Wars ? I am a HUGE fan of anything that has to do with these two topics ie : maifa/mob and vampires , so please enlighten me on this fad and why you think I might like to get involved with it 
xFOR MYSELFx xFOR MY FRIENDSx xFOR MY FAMILY FOREVERx xSFEx 
It's a pretty messed up world when your own sister chooses allegiance to your ex and disowns you . 
Well lets see , five people have deleted me recently anyone else wish to join the list of crusaders against me 
Slayer is going on tour with Megadeth and Testament in 2010 , and it's not coming to Iowa or Nebraska , WTF.com kids !!!!!! 
So here I sit on the PC doing the Careerlink & Facebook shuffle again . World is starting to crash down and I can't breathe from the pending impact I am already starting to feel . How is your day ? 
ABC and the FCC are hypocrites and have double standards folks , what they are doing to < PROPFIRST > Lambert after his performance from the AMA show is complete and total hypocrisy after all the BS that numerous female performers have been getting away with for YEARS on primetime and cable networks . 
Been doing a workshop through Nebraska Workforce Development , I was very pessimistic towards it thinking it wouldn't help me or my situation . I came into it thinking I was the master of my domain and knew everything , as usual , I was wrong . Actually learned some new things today , only two more days of this , hope it exceeds my expecations and helps me out of this jam we are in . 
So after a long week of hiatus on fb , I am back in the saddle here . < PROPFIRST > and I had our newest daughter Angel < PROPFEMALE > Campbell on Dec 28 , she came out 8 pounds and 20 inches long . Might have to return to work already tomorrow , boo ! None the less , its been a nice vacation and been able to think about alot of things . 
Both my teams won and clinched their divsions , what a glorious day ! 
Currently working a temp assignment at PSI doing mail sorting , cake work , very physical . Finally got back on the pc today for the first time in 3-4 weeks , keep fingers crossed that we both find new jobs soon ! 
Lights appear in the distance of the dark < PROPMALE > , and visibilty appears to be a reality in the fog , I can see the goal and not the obstacle before me , redemption and the truth is close and near , and soon , oh yes soon my children , WE SHALL RISE ! Quote the Phoenix , I am alive and well and ready for war . This is a declaration of understanding . 
Keep eyes and ears peeled for some night this week , hell it could be later tonight , the long awaited new blog by yours truly shall be written and posted for all to see , it wont be one to dissapoint , trust me . 
I got reduced from being a business partner and helping putting together a show , to just being a fan , if the red I see was any darker it would be black . Feeling hatred for that snake doesnt even justify what I really want to say . Grrrrrrrrrr . 
Let me re-clarify what I wrote the other day , I made the huge mistake of visiting the old DWE myspace to look at the old pics I was in , an every mention of myself was removed and one of them was referred to me as just a fan , I helped do the show and am in half of the pics on there , but I am \just a fan\ " . Give me a fn break . " 
Come on over to < PROPMALE>'s Cafe in Cafe World , where we have round the clock service with 24 hours of UFC action and professional wrestling from WWE and TNA as well as Ring of Honor and old ECW footage . Not to mention you can come meet Rikk from At The Left Hand of God to chat with the best metal vocalist in Kansas City , and we have the best Kabobs in Nebraska . 
Curbstone got added to the Korn show at Sokol in May as the regional unsigned Jager band ........ ummmmmm ,,,,, yeah ,,,,,,,,,,,,, grrrrrrrrr , at least it wasnt three day meat sale I guess ,,,,, ummm , on second thought , maybe that would have been better ,,, or GTO , LOL , not . 
We need more REAL metal bands in Nebraska to get Jager sponsorships asap , more Jager tours to come and great exsposure being sponsored , HEY , DIRTFEDD AND NARCOTIC SELF AND ILLUSIONS OF GAIA , THAT MEANS YOU !!!!! 
Tonight is finally UFC 111 , and < PROPFIRST > Hardy is going to get a < PROPMALE > league ass whooping from GSP , PARTY AT MY PLACE 
< PROPFIRST > Mir paid the price of talking too much shit about < PROPMALE > and lookng past < PROPFIRST > Carwin and man did he pay the price and do a shitty job defending the ass beating he took , looked like he didnt try or threw it . None the less , thanks to the guys in Illusion of Gaia for coming over and keeping us company , it fucking ruled , cant wait until Aprl 10 
UFC 112 on April 10 At my house , who all is coming ??????????? 
Just wanted to keep the buzz going , I am hosting UFC 112 at my place on April 10 , featuring < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > vs Demian < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > Hughes vs Renzo < PROPFEMALE > , and BJ Penn vs < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and I am grilling burgers , so who all is coming over ???? 
oh what a difference two years makes 
Just heading out the door to go to work to get overtime , this is how we stay ahead and how I start to build an amount of capital towards certain projects , it all adds up and pays off . But I fn hate little sleep , LOL , drop me some love kids , dynamite dynamite , could you dig it ? I knew that you could . 
Back to the grind of overtime , I hope everyone has an awesome easter with their families , I do what I got to do for mine and to build for the future , cause in 3 months , the birth of that future is coming , and there aint no one going to stop me 
Monday , let's see if we can get one or two things accomplished before I have to report to the ole job at 3pm . Hope everyone had a great weekend , my slavery ends in 2 months and 16 days , he he he he . Free at last , free at last , good god almighty we will be free at last and then there will be no more kung fu treachery ! 
UFC 112 featuring < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > vs Demian < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > Hughes vs Renzo < PROPFEMALE > , and BJ Penn vs < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is this Saturday live on PPV and AT MY HOUSE and I am making burgers , so roll call time , WHO ALL IS COMING ?????????? 
Open House Invite to my facebook peeps , UFC 112 @ my place this Saturday 8pm . Prelims start on Spike tv an hour before the PPV starts so don't miss out on the action or my grilled burgers or boneless wings from BWW , RSVP on here or call me or text 
UFC 112 @ my place tonight , we got burgers and wings , anyone wana come over let me know , and yes that means you the person reading this 
I am shocked to announce that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > won by decision over BJ Penn for the title , Penn was overwhelmed by the speed and hunger of Edagr every round . Also , Henzo < PROPFEMALE > was a huge disappointment as Mat Hughes easily dispatched of hiim . I was also disapointed in the nonstop showboating of < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for 5 rounds , he could have put that guy away easily ! 
Don't mess with my family , or I will confront you and piss you off enough to delete/block me 
Had a very important job interview today , totally floored the two guys with my answers , somedays , I can look in the mirror , and say Damn it feels good to be me ! 
Please read my latest note on the passing of < PROPFIRST > Steele and leave your thoughts , I could use the conversation . 
Tonight is AWESOME MMA OVERLOAD for me . At 8pm CBS has live Strikeforce fights featuring < PROPMALE > Shields vs < PROPFIRST > Henderson in the main event and then at the same time Spike tv has UFC PPV replay of the event headlined by Big Nog vs Cain Velasquez . I am in MMA Heaven kids . Bring on the pizza and blood !!!!! And to my boys in Illusions of Gaia and Dirtfedd , KICK SOME ASS IN GRAND ISLAND TONIGHT !!!!!!! HORNS UP \\m/ 
< PROPFIRST > Coker is an absolute idiot and a worthless excuse of a promoter , < PROPMALE > Shields and < PROPMALE > Melandez and the Diaz brothers are the closest thing in MMA I have seen to a gang and for that I say they are pussies and I hate them for what they did last night to Mayhem Miller , complete and total bullshit , wish I was there ..... grrrrrrrrr . 
is eating late night taco < PROPFEMALE > and watching Dark Shadows the revival from 1992 
Found a ton of new things to add on facebook tonihgt , time for bed , please let me know if you know of anything I need to have 
< PROPFIRST > and I plan on attending the Omaha Royals games on Luly 3 which is the big fireworks show and September 2 which is the very last home game of the year , meaning , the last ever for Rosenblatt Staidum before its made into a parking lot , tix are in the $10 range , who wants to come with us ???? And who wants to see Lyoto Machida vs Shogun Rua on may 8 ? 
Today is a very exciting day . Today our daughter turned 6 months old officially and got a very exciting present , < PROPFIRST > IS PREGNANT AGAIN !!!!! 
Hope to God and pray something along the lines of a miracle happens within the next 18 hours or I am unemployed 
< PROPMALE > Broncos shocked me last night , but did an excellent job/attempt at negotiating with all their trades and activity . Landing the WR from < PROPFEMALE > Tech and < PROPMALE > Tebow was interesting . Still not sure why they got rid of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > before the draft . Suh going to the Lions really sucks , total waste of talent on a franchise no longer worthy of calling themselves a part of the NFL . 
My steelers aquired the center who protected < PROPMALE > Tebow and a new linebacker and wide reciever , hell yes we are looking good . Colt going to the Browns , I am a Steelers fan , like I didnt have enough reason to hate the browns , this is excellent , hell send all the assholes who play for the Texas Longhorns there , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are going to eat Colt like a Texas Roadhouse Steak !!! 
Cafe World just announced you can spice your friends dishes and earn points and search for hidden prizes , how do you spice your friends dish ?? 
Off to work another long ass day and tired as hell , the things I have to do for overtime when this isnt even my normal shift , oh how I miss sleep . Everyone drop me a line today and tell me how you are doing and about your weekend . 
First Advantage is by far the worst company I have ever dealt with in terms of conducting background checks . I just love doing peoples work for them , and then being told I didnt send what i know damn well I did 
I challenge everyone to take the quiz I posted on my < PROPFEMALE > last night , at least do it for me for pure entertainment value , I get bored easily . 
This years Ozzfest lineup is a HUGE joke and the worst one I have ever seen . The Rockstar Mayhem Festival blows this thing out of the water . I cannot believe < PROPFEMALE > cant put together a killer ozzfest anymore . 
I am officially hired to PSI / Pittney Bowes today and get a $2.00 an hour raise out of the situation . I want to thank all that stood by me in friendship and prayer over the last 6 months of unemployment and working through temp agencies and more so for those who came through for me with the letters of reccomendation and reference . THIS DAY IS WORTH LIVING________Hatebreed 
UFC ACTION AT OUR PLACE THIS SATURDAY , WHO's COMING ???? 
Off to the zoo , and then back home for the UFC PPV , anyone want to come over and watch it and eat pizza , call me ot text me 402-852-6797 
Shogun Rua suprised me by KO over Machida in the first round , < PROPFIRST > Daley has no class and belongs with < PROPMALE > Shields and his ass clown friends The Diaz brothers and Melandez . < PROPMALE > Mitrone has great skills , but Kimbo sucked and winded early again . < PROPMALE > Belcher surprised me and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > looked par for course . Overall , this was the BEST UFC PPV I have ordered in the past three months . 
Jamming to < PROPFIRST > Sandler singing At A Medium Pace , class shit 
If you miss Dirtfedd on Friday at Rockfest , you have just missed history in the making . \ 
SALUTE THE DIRTFEDDERATION ! 
Going to pick up my nephew to spend the day with him and my family , would love to hear about Rockfest from those of you that went , otherwise tonight will be a good time to watch some kung fu treachery ! 
God < PROPMALE > me the strength and wisdom to overcome the obstacle set before me , I am afraid to make the wrong decision or move forward with words or efforts that will ignite a fire I cant put out . Please help me control the hate and rage that is begging to come out and find a better way . 
On a roll and on a tear , stay off the path 
Two things to say today\ 
\ 
1 . The Anti-Satan is thirsty for revenge and the gloves are off\ 
2 . I wish the whole world could be .... woah .... straight edge like me 
Been jamming to new deftones cd , holy shit it is amazing ! 
Live to fight , fight to live , Do or die 
If I was really saved , why do I still feel lost ? 
Never give up , never surrender , and never say die ! 
I shall fight , fight for myself , fight through the shadows and pain that torment my inner self ------ From The Ashes of the Fallen 
Tonights the night boys and girls , UFC PPV Party at my place to watch < PROPMALE > Evans and Rampage < PROPMALE > lock horns , tons of food and stuff to drink so get your metal asses over here at 8pm !!!! BRING THE PAIN !!!!! 
We have 8 pounds of ground sirloin , chips , baked beans , and for the people who want to drink we got < PROPMALE > weiser ( < PROPMALE > Heavy ) and Corona with the almighty Jagermiester . I know I know , I am straight edge , but I am not going to prevent others from having a great time while I sip my Squirt soda . Bring on the UFC PPV !!!! 
UFC PPV last night was not as exciting as I had hoped . The main event was rather boring most of the fight , wish they could have had more than 3 rounds . Kudos to < PROPFIRST > Brillz from Omaha for his stellar performance and also for Omaha native < PROPFIRST > Jensen picking up his first UFC win in awhile with his guillitine choke . < PROPMALE > Sanchez didnt show up in my opinion . Anyone else watch this ?? If so what are your thoughts ? 
Just watched Western Decline of Civilization Part 2 : The Metal Years , most of it was entertaining in some form of another , other parts depressing and some very inspiring . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > hit it on the head for me with some of his comments . Feeling very motivated and inspired today . Baby girl let mommy and daddy sleep for a change too ! 
Had a great day today with my wife and daughter and the baby love bump . We went to La Vista , Papillion , Ralston , Benson , Elkhorn , < PROPMALE > , West Omaha , Mid Town Omaha and Benson all in one day , , also checked out Westroads Mall for giggles and had KFC for lunch hanging out at Memorial Park , then I got hit with a massive epiphany . He He He 
The dust and dirt is where you dwell and crawl around on your belly in your worthless existance , so it is written , and so in the dust I shall leave you , behind in the wake of my own 
If you don't live for something you will die for nothing 
It's getting closer and closer to that time kids , time to write the Declaration of War and have three things to say\ 
1 . If you're not with me , then you are against me and you stand in the way of my progress therefore you are my enemy\ 
2 . Born To Bleed , fighting to succeed , built to endure what this world throws at me\ 
3 . SALUTE !!!!!!!!!!! 
The frontline commandos have had a very relaxing day researching & strategizing as well as taking the time to relax with the little green horn & enjoy some R N R in the trenches watching Mallrats & 10 Things I Hate About You . Went to < PROPFEMALE > Road for a classified meeting to plan our next move . Drove around unsuccesfully for ice cream & had to settle for Sonic . Now , it's back to HQ for more strategy & debriefing . 
Getting ready to go to Church and learn the good word of the Lord , then its back home for some cleaning and family time and more company work to be done as the frontlines are growing restless . 
Some like to avoid the fight and hide from it , I say bring it to yourself and dare to stand victorious over your fallen opponent . 
What will BBQ , metal , basketball & Volleyball , and checking out metal DVD's & the local metal scene have in common ........ stay tuned true believers and find out ............ June 21 
I , I'm So alive , for the very first time , and I feel like I can fly 
My wife and I were interviewed by Action 3 news today at Taste of Omaha in regards to the Huskers joining the Big 10 . This is my second time being interviewed by local news , I hope they use more than just one sentence this time . Fox kinda screwed me last time , so lets see if Channel 3 themselves in my eyes cause I have been a huge critic for years of their style of news broadcast . 
SWEET ! I made the 6pm and 10pm news , < PROPFIRST > made the 10pm , and we were both seen walking up a path in the ten o clock ,,, a < PROPFEMALE > is born .... LOL ... signs of good things to come !!! 
Attended a bible study group with 5 other couples tonight , that was a first , educational and quite comfortable from the word go . I made a pretty good impact and wowed them with Viilage Inn pies . I need to get some things fixed on my car because it was a fucking embarrassment . Hate feeling beneath people . 
Sometimes its hard to be so cocky when you know the Lord wants you to be humble , maybe we can find a way to meet halfway 
Woke up for a craving that only chips ahoy and beef jerky could satisfy . Last night , was the most damn fun I have had in ages , got to be me again and relax yet let loose . God I love talking shop . Our surprise mystery guest was super fucking awesome !!!!! 9 more days kids , bring it on !!!!! 
7 , yes count them , 7/seven , sieta , SEVEN days until the non compete is gone !!! The masterplan & the declaration of war will be unleashed on the world , stay tuned because the revolition is coming , its time for change ! 
Six days , in 45 minutes it will be five , the guns are loaded and all are accounted for , time to hand out the maps with full instructions , War is coming and a whole lot more ! 
4 days , I can already hear the beat of the drums and the calling of the pipes < PROPMALE > Boy . Hoist the colors , its almost near . 
Just finished writing the Declaration of War , he he he . While some commanders like to sit in a room and bark orders at lesser men or stand behind the entire army and watch the chaos , I am right in front running with the american flag in one hand and assault rifle in the other running down the hill towards the enemy screaming the words \FREEDOM \"!" 
Today is Fathers Day as well as the anniversary of the first time < PROPFIRST > and I went out on a date . The pic on my profile is from yesterday watching the parade at Papillion days . Fair food was not nice to my digestive system as I got very sick last night . Todays weather sucks , but we shall make the most of it , missed church for the 2nd weekend , whoops . Going running tomorrow morning , hope you all have a great day ! 
Has everyone read my announcement from yesterday ? Please share thoughts . 
Let there be peace in the valley 
We are trying to get Jamies car taken to U-Pull it , but the car wont turn over , we charged the battery and waited two days to get it on the car and go , and it still wont work . Anyone got a portable battery booster , spare battery or suggestions ???? 
She thinks she missed the train to mars , she's out back counting stars 
Happy Birthday to me , Happy Birthday to me , its midnight , so its officially June 27 now , its off to bed to get up at 5am to work volunteer overtime and then come home and relax before a fun night of metal bowling !!!! I am 33 today and still feel 21 . SALUTE ! 
Last night was by far the best birthday I have had in ages . Worked some overtime at my job , went to < PROPFEMALE > Road for an early dinner , and went to Mockingbird Lanes with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Javin , < PROPFIRST > & Eliss . Thanks to everyone who was able to make it out and withstand the power of the ladybugs and butterflies . Team < PROPMALE > had their ass handed to them every single game . 
WAR- One step closer to victory 
We are looking for people who have the knowledge and capabilities to design logos , graphic artwork and merchandise , know anyone you think we haven't met , ring us a < PROPFEMALE > , time to get serious and get your WAR on ! 
Just worked 15 and a half straight hours , WHOS THE MAN ???? Grrr , LOL ...... Jamie and < PROPFEMALE > and Big D went to the Dirtfedd show and brought me back an autographed poster of the band , WAAAAAY COOOL !!!!!! Cant wait to frame it , and now I have my second Dirtfedd shirt ! Wish I could have gone to the show , but I bust my ass for family house and home and my american dream business . 
Tonight was a true testament to the man and competitor that is < PROPMALE > Lesnar . < PROPFIRST > couldn't get it done , and < PROPMALE > shocked the world by taking Carwin out in the 2nd round with an arm triangle choke , thats right < PROPMALE > haters , he choked out your precious < PROPFIRST > Carwin with an arm triangle choke and took all the best shots he could throw . Who's legit now ?? 
I am a very proud papa today . Took my son to Elite Performance , they were closed , and just as we were getting ready to leave the and only < PROPFIRST > Jensen came out and invited us in and allowed us to tour the facility and provided himself as our guide . Stand up guy and did a great job explaining everything . Tomorrow , Mikey will begin the < PROPMALE > Spartans classes at Elite Performace training in MMA . SALUTE !! 
Getting frustrated lately due to lack of follow through from people , feeling 50% better today after my not so wonderful virus that royally kicked my ass , lots of good fights being announced for upcoming ufc fights , WAR has a very important business development meeting in 6 weeks , looks like we are going to take off sooner than expected ! 
SO , does anyone know how to change the front brake pads on a car and want to get paid for doing it so Jensen Tire doesnt financially rape me ?????? 
No man , no virus , no robotic terminator thingy , no natural disaster , no fair weathered friends or enemies can keep me down , WAR MOTHER FUCKER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Keep it coming I might as be immortal , God loves me and thinks you're an asshole , how do you like those peaches ! Game on , the self proclaimed legend is in the saddle and mowing em down .......... again . 
WAR saw the beginning and completion of two designs for shirts today , started a third one and hit mental block . Now we just need to find a real artist to give life to my conceptual designs . WAR - One Step Closer to Victory ------------------- MMA Gear for Fighters and Fans 2011 
WAR has their work cut out for itself , Ocotber 23 stands to be a HUGE day if we can get the frontlines in gear in time . Tons of work to do . 
The Transformers were a total slight against God . In as much as God sent his only begotten son to die on the cross to redeem mankind and all we did to pay him back was make terrible fucking cartoons , like the Transformers . 
If you'd come to me in friendship , this scum who ruined your daughter would be suffering this very day . And if by some < PROPMALE > an honest man like yourself made enemies they would become my enemies . And then , they would fear you . 
I tried to walk the line but now I realize there is no line . Now we here , we are playin ' on a level that most will never see . 
' We are not enemies , but friends . We must not be enemies . Though passion may have strained , it must not break our bonds of affection . The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched , as surely they will be , by the better angels of our nature . ' 
It's all fun and games until you find yourself headbanging to the theme song to Halloween and then singing Goodbye Horses 
ATTN ALL MY FRIENDS : Currently looking for the following , I am looking to be a part of fantasy football leagues this fall , I havent been in one in 4 years and dont know a whole lot about how to get into one but would prefer to play with people I know instead of complete strangers . Also we are looking for people who know how to to do a top quality job in designing shirts for our WAR line , have any info let me know . 
Time for sleep , I am fn exhausted and the highlight of my entire day was beating my PC for the first time in video chess . 
I dread drop days at work now , no consistency in executed gameplans when we have a larger volume of mail than normal and we are getting thrown to the wolves being forced to stay later and later . Tired of 12 hour plus days . None the less , we recently eliminated one person from our fledgling company and have quickly and unofficially added another to assist on many projects ! Oh and one more thing , ATLHOG ! 
Well boys and girls , I am off to do a noon to anywhere between midnight and 6am . Show me the money ! :) Until I get back to correspond with the world I have only one thing to say : If you are the antichrist , then I am the Anti-Satan ! 
Well kids , I worked Noon to around 4am yesterday , 16 hours in one straight show , came home , checked fb , went to bed at 4:30 am , I am a fn zombie even after waking up at 1:30 . Going to go and try and get some things done , have to be back to work tomorrow at 5am . Made 3 or 4 silly videos on my phone while at work , the bengel tiger one cracks me up . Anyways , hope everyone is having a great weekend , ATLHOG !!!!!!! 
As retarded as this is for me to say , if any of you play Cafe World , and are not already my cafe friend , please add me , the fn game wont let me open my coffee machine or buy the largest expansion until I get 3 more friends , drives me crazy because I have over 3 million coins and a completely revamped ( no pun ,... all pun intended ) cafe . Also , I recorded a couple stupid videos of myself from work last night , stay tuned 
SO , I have all the neighbors in cafe world I need , ha ha ha , Draculas Bistro will own the world . Got home at a decent time tonight , yay for me . Time to focus on WAR !!!! Again , yay for me . 
< PROPMALE > 25:17 . The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men . Blessed is he who , in the name of < PROPFEMALE > and good will , shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness . For he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children . 
\Behold the pale horse\ " . The man who \ " sat on him was Death ... and Hell followed with him \"." 
Tonight , 6 bands will share the stage at a rustic venue filled with the ghosts of blood , sweat , and many many beers . Bring on the wall of death , the circle vortex pits , and the good old fashioned moshing like days of old . Yours truly makes his long awaited return to the pit and to the scene he left behind two years ago . In the words of the rock , JUST BRING IT ! 
This morning we found out officially that our next baby will indeed be another girl . Her name will be Angel < PROPFEMALE > Campbell and she is due December 27 , between that and my huge sense of empowered motivation , today is going to be a great and fantastic day ! \ 
SALUTE !!!!! 
Midwest Elite Concerts is proud to announce we have recently officially added a third band to an already blooming and steller lineup for the the first annual Best of the Best Metal Concert Series on May 7 at The Slowdown . E1 Entertainment Records recording artist from < PROPMALE > Nebraska DIRTFEDD is headlining with opening acts ILLUSION OF GAIA and just added AT THE LEFT HAND OF GOD . 7 more bands to be announced . 
You can expect the announcement of 2-3 more bands added to the May 7 Best of the Best Metal Concert Series within the next 24-36 hours . We are going to have this show fully booked by Monday I predict . Already started booking for Legends of Metal & have a new project in the works . 
Hopefully tomorrow we get final verification and confirmation on the destination , and then , we can show Omaha what Metal and Christmas is all about , stay tuned . 
2011 , ATLHOG , & Dirtfedd on the same stage , holy shit ! Then throw in Illusion of Gaia with D2D plus 6 more regional bands and you have candidate for local show of the year , May 7 come to the slowdown & find out ! 
This December Midwest Elite Concerts will produce for Omaha the hottest Metal show of the holiday season , so hot , it will melt the ice of of the heart of Satan himself . It's on like Donkey Kong kiddies . Best of the Best Metal Concert Series and the Legends of Metal show next year are also looking very sexy right now , now I must return to jamming to tonight by Dirtfedd for the millionth time . 
My service number for the Dirtfedderation is 9992344662 , Dirtfedd soliders dont die , we multiply ! 
It's going to be a really busy day for WAR & Midwest Elite Concerts , and I am sick of people tyring to over glorify their karokee skills and making it seem like they are on the verge of becoming a rockstar from it , grow some balls and get a band instead of singing someone elses shit in front of your drunk friends , and SCREW DAUGHTRY ! 
SO , plenty of concerts coming up in the remaining months of 2010 , any thoughts on which ones I need to be going too ? 
Well kids , gave to go into work early , AGAIN , otherwise , man this past weekend was good for Midwest Elite Concerts . Our first show in December is going to be fn amazing with the overall lineup we are going to have . Heavy & Melodic . Otherwise did anyone else watch the Hoff get roasted last night ?? Man < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > was getting pissed & I have never seen Hogan get teased so much for being sexually confused . Fun show . 
Dangerously motivated and accomplished plenty today for Midwest Elite Concerts . Oh how December will melt the snow and ice quicker than the city workers . 
Just want to give a big shout out to < PROPMALE > Peoples & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , officially two of my fave people today !!!! :) Also want to say if you havent bought Dirtfedds Great American Nightmare cd yet , WTF are you waiting for ??? 
Midwest Elite Concerts & WAR Clothing on December 11 at Sokol Underground are proud to present : \Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas\ " \ 
Got the brand new Come Forth By Day T-shirt and finally got their cd . I am a very happy camper . Music inspires me to do great things , so now I will annoucne that I have been motivated to officially put together 2 brand new events for 2011 . Some people gave none , some people gave little , and some dared to dream and go all the way with everything . God Bless Dimebag ! 
To all my friends , check out my latest note on my profile and give me some needed feeback please . 
ATTN HARDCORE MUSIC FANS : September 2011 at Sokol Underground our new music production company will be putting on Ultimate Hardcore Supremacy . This show is designed to feature 14-16 of the very best in hardcore & metalcore underground . We want to know who you want us to bring in and/or check out to consider . I have already got a list of close to 40 bands . 
Ultimate Hardcore Supremacy has our first official confirmed band , Omahas own SUPERIOR . 15 more to go , keep the nominations coming , I want to check out a ton of talent , I have checked out over 100 and only liked 40 so far . September of 2011 is going to be a massive throwdown for all of the ninjas ! 
Wanna hear something to blow your mind Omaha music scene . Ultimate Hardcore Supremacy might very well be a 2 day event with 28 bands . Stay tuned . Superior and All Set from < PROPMALE > featuring 3 former members of Killing Kings are our first two confirmations . This is going to be the sickest and biggest hardcore show the state has ever seen . 
Went to the 89.7 The River today and paid for ads for the December show , and have a huge new show annoucement very soon as soon as it all official . All I can say is it is BAD FN ASS ! I am off to work in my brand new SUPERIOR shirt . Wish I could go to sokol tonight and see AGAINST THE ARTIFICIAL W/ ILLUSION OF GAIA & more !!!! 
Just worked 3pm to 4:30 ish am . I am a zombie and have to return there at 3pm today due to being mandated because of a Target Stores project mailing . Tomorrow , business as usual , show lineups to work on , research to do . Everyone needs to go to the After The Fall & Dirtfedd show tonight , and if you'e not going , watch the UFC PPV for me and text me at work who wins and how . CAN YOU DIG IT ! 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO , at home watching the Steelers , suffering from extreme physcial exhaustion , not enough sleep the last few days and too much work . Midwest Elite Concerts is hard at work regardless on putting together marquee shows for 4th quarter of 2010 and all of 2011 . Working on trying to get some nationals for Ultimate Hardcore Supremacy . Stay tuned , things are happening and fast . 
I updated Midwest Elite Concerts schedule this afternoon , and since then have 3 brand new shows to announce and the modification of another . More news to come tomorrow !!!!! 
Contract signed for November 20 show at Sokol . More details to come on the Against the Artificial CD Release show as it becomes available . ALSO , have holds on 3 new dates for 2011 . Stay tuned true believers , dont know the bat time , but this is the bat < PROPFEMALE > 
Emails are out and delivered , our St Patricks day ( March 12 , last saturday before the holiday ) is starting to take shape . Against The Artificial is headlining . more news to follow !!!!! 
Shows , Shows , & more Shows . Labor Day weekend will be plenty busy getting the lineups worked on and figuring out details and marketing schemes . Think it's almost time to get another WAR shirt done . Hmmmm . Keep eyes and ears peeled for updates , Midwest Elite Concerts is looking to cause a < PROPMALE > parting the red sea effect next year . Nov 20 , the revolution begins , cowards need to run for the hills . 
Worked 3pm to 530am , stopped by hy-vee and bought the family fresh doughnuts and a few other immenities . In bed by 7am . Just got up , ohhhhh how getting old is weird to feel like a zombie . Time to work on shows and prepare for a wild football weekend ! 
JUST ANNOUNCED : NOVEMBER 20 @ SOKOL UNDERGROUND , AGAINST THE ARTIFICIAL CD RELEASE SHOW , ALSO FEATURING : DIRTFEDD , SIDEWISE , INDEX CASE & THE END IN RED . 
I am hard at work booking shows for 2011 covering spots in a variety of things we are doing , and I have to say , I really hate it when a band has incorrect contact info for booking . I have had agents say they dont work with the band or the email being sent back claiming invalid email address . This tends to make things harder and slower . This is why soooooo prefer phone calls . 
SO , < PROPFIRST > and I are moving into a larger apartment starting on the 11 , and we get till the 17 to finish moving everything . Spent the last several days getting a ton of errands and shopping done for the home , bought tons of Bath & Body Works stuff . Been working hard on 2011 Midwest Elite Concerts shows as well . Who do you want to see come to Omaha next year that is a unsigned band ? 
September 12 , will < PROPFIRST > the birth of Midwest Elite Concerts on Facebook & Myspace . Official website , will be up and running at the end of the year . Stay tuned ! Until then , get geared up for Nov 20 & Dec 11 , < PROPFIRST > those dates on the calendar cause they are going to be two of the biggest damn local/regional shows put on this winter !!!!!! 
Time to go to Sleep , hoping to hear back from Destrophy , Mindrite & The Killigans tomorrow for future projects . 
We've got get more guns , get in the chopper , and get your ass back to mars 
I am going to be creating the Midwest Elite Concerts facebook < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ( on top of starting to move & work mandated OT ) , and I need some advice on what kind of < PROPFEMALE > a promoter should have . Business or band ??? I need some info so I can advertise shows the best I can with this social network . Please advise . 
Officially confirmed tonight , Dead Horse Trauma from Des Moines joins the show on May 7 , 2011 at the Slowdown titled Best of the Best : Metal Concert Series . DHT joins headliners Dirtfedd , < PROPFEMALE > To Destroy , Illusion of Gaia , & At The Left Hand of God . 5 down , 5 more to go !!!! 
Went to Sokol today and signed 3 new contracts with < PROPFIRST > . \ 
1 . Feb 11 , 2011 \The 2011 St. Valentines Metal Massacre\ " \ 
Holy Dogshit Batman , I finally have internet access again . Moving sucks when it comes to trying to run a business because you're limited to just your phone . I am thinking next spring it may be laptop time . But hey , we confirmed The Matador for our Feb 11 show . 
Our move took way too long , so once the dust settles , I will write all about that little adventure and hopefully get the company fb < PROPFEMALE > going . 
GET YOUR ASSES TO MIDWEST ELITE CONCERTS FACEBOOK < PROPFEMALE > AND LIKE THAT SHIT ! 
To all of my band friends , do me a HUGE favor and utilize your band facebook < PROPFEMALE > to ask your fans to add Midwest Elite Concerts . Dead Horse Trauma did this for us already and thanks to them ! 
Need some fb advice , I am having issues with the MEC fb < PROPFEMALE > , it wont let me invite the people that clicked the Like button for that < PROPFEMALE > for shows , it keeps sending me to my personal site to invite people . Please advise . 
Just read < PROPFIRST > Jastas post that the one and only < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > passed away . That royally sucks . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was a gem in the music business working as a booking agent for national bands for the Agency Group for quite some time before branching out and starting TKO Booking aka The < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Organization with quite a few other stellar agents he took with him and they have always primarily handled metal bands . 
Hey band peeps , I need some assistance . When I created the MEC facebook , I created it as a band fb < PROPFEMALE > . Whenever I write anything in the news feed for updates , it's not showing up on my < PROPFEMALE > or my wifes , which makes me think its not showing up on any of yours either . Please advise as to what I may be doing wrong or did wrong . 
Some days , I just want God to explain to me why things are they way they are . Because I will never begin to understand who and what I am , so how can I expect other to do the same . 
I am ready to take on and conquer Omaha , as for you shit talking naysayers , you wonder why all you do is sit behind a keyboard and run your mouth you pathetic little people . Dont mess with the Phoenix , I have sharp talons . 
Anyone interested in joining us at Buffalo Wild Wings at Shadow Lake tonight for some UFC ppv action . 
< PROPFIRST > and I had a blast today at Buffalo Wild Wings watching the huskers play South < PROPFEMALE > State and then the UFC ppv . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for coming out & for my sister < PROPFEMALE > for the text conversation all day ! We only spent $41.95 after being there for six and half hours . Husker game was mediocre , but the fans made up for it . UFC ppv was eh , CB Dollaway impressed me more than anyone ! 
Met with ATA today , that was the first time I have ever been in a band meeting , and felt nervous . This is going to be one of the most fun projects I have been able to be a part of in quite some time . I thought the meeting was cool , really dug the guys and the info shared . I was unhappy with my delivery however , and I felt like I could have done better . My memory wasnt working the best . I always over critique myself . 
I have seen , I have heard , I have been in the presence of greatness . Nov 20 at Sokol , ATA takes over ! 
If you have 3-5 minutes to spare today , please suggest the Midwest Elite Concerts < PROPFEMALE > to your friends and also take the time to invite your friends to the events listed on our < PROPFEMALE > . Any kind of help of this nature is greatly appreciated . Without real music fans and supporters of the Omaha scene , we cannot do this alone . 
Our 11 month old daughter was diagnosed with an ear infection and has some crap in her lungs as well and a nasty cough . Her fever hit 102.7 around 3pm today and has been bouncing back and forth between 102.1 and 104 ever since . Please keep her in your prayers . Docs prescribed her amoxicillan today and yes we are giving her ibroprofen . I was supposed to have a stress test tomorrow , but I dont see it happening now . 
ADD THIS TODAY !!! Midwest Elite Concerts 
So , I have been to my docs twice in the last week , been to the ER , done a stress test , and now I get to see a cardiologist . I predict the hypnotist and proctologist will be next and not necessarily in that order . Been having pains all over different areas of my chest and left shoulder and arm in general . Told I have heart palpatations and a few other concerns . Yay for me . 
I just want to say that in the state of everything , I find it to be aboslute bullshit and beyond diva egotistical when a band refuses to co headline a show or play a high spot in a 10 band billing because they think they are too hot shit for it . Wont waste my time ever again and moving on ! 
Join our Recon & Assualt Team : \ 
We are looking for people who are serious and passionate about street teaming and helping local/regional bands gain larger awareness and grow a bigger following . \ 
Earn free entry to all Midwest Elite Concerts shows , free merch , cd's , and tickets to < PROPMALE > shows in the Omaha area . \ 
Serious inquiries only please feel free to contact me at midwesteliteconcerts@yahoo.com 
See my new pic ? Memorize it , add it to your < PROPFEMALE > and make it your pic for all to see , and then go to the show to see the next big thing in Omaha music ! 
Get your ass to the midwest elite concerts < PROPFEMALE > , like that < PROPFEMALE > , and then go to events and click on the ATA cd release party and invite all your friends . Any help is appreciated for without your support for our local music scene we have no one to play to . 
OZZY & SLASH ARE COMING TO OMAHA TO PLAY THE QWEST CENTER ON JANUARY 16 , Tickets go one sale next saturday and will be as low as 29.75 
The self proclaimed legend , the icon , the phoenix , the man who will change the face of the Omaha music scene in 2011 , is fn tired and going to bed after jamming to Mudvayne & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > & Tears For Fears . I feel like a fn vampire , sleep all day , up all night , you ever look in the mirror one day , and say I dont know this person ? Be afraid , be very afraid ! 
Hey there Omaha , have you spread the word on Midwest Elite Concerts to your friends and co-workers next ? If not , now is a great time , click on suggest to friends and help support your local music scene 
We only have 117 people who like Midwest Elite Concerts , its time for new tactics . 
Found out that an old friend of the family died in a car accident this morning , I am still having issues in my chest and left arm , and I got a call from docs office to reschedule my docs appt only to find out that my doc is no longer with that practice and they wont tell me why or where he is now and I just saw the guy less than a week ago and they failed to get me a appt with a cardiologist . 
Everynight I come home and put on Everybody Wants to Rule The World by Tears for fears . Tonight , total silence yet I have Clutch singing Spacegrass stuck in my head and I havent even listened to that song in months . \Whenever it feels right \"!" 
I love a challenge 
ATA = tons of integrity\ 
IOG = tons of passion\ 
MEC = strive to be the best at what you/I do 
There are alot of people I know that have been asshole diehard Texas Longhorns fans that all of a sudden are all about Nebraska . To these people , I wish to say that no matter how old I get I still hate band wagon jumpers , people who cannot think for themselves and copy their friends like a flock of sheep trying to fit in , have no identity , and are conformists . 
Midwest Elite Concerts would like to know what are some bands from out of town you would like to see brought to Omaha in 2011 and what type of shows would you like to see put together 
No reason , no conscience , no understanding ; even the most rudimentary sense of life or death , good or evil , right or wrong . I met this six-year-old child , with this blank , pale , emotionless face and , the blackest eyes ... the * devil's * eyes . I spent eight years trying to reach him , and then another seven trying to keep him locked up because I realized what was living behind that boy's eyes was purely and simply , * evil 
This saturday is our UFC PPV Bash at 8pm , we are having Godfathers Pizza & BWW , and we have a contest where you pick the winners of the fights , prizes are autogrpahed memoribilia by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 2 tickets to the 10 Years/Emphatic show , a UFC dvd , and more . Roll call , whos officially coming ??? 
Something Wicked Goth Ball is a fn joke , I helped put on the first one and let me tell you , never again , I dont understand why people want to continue going to this bs 
In a world full of billions of people , how is it you can still feel so alone ? 
Getting ready for my daughters birthday party and then tonight the UFC 
Iowa state is beating Texas , wtf ????? oh well , fuck Texas , and tonight , < PROPMALE > SMASH ! 
Have you added Midwest Elite Conerts yet ? If not , why miss out on the all the latest news and info with the hottest local/regional shows in Omaha ?! 
Tonight is our UFC PPV Bash at 8pm , we are having Godfathers Pizza & BWW , and we have a contest where you pick the winners of the fights , prizes are autogrpahed memoribilia by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 2 tickets to the 10 Years/Emphatic show , a UFC dvd , and more . Roll call , whos officially coming ??? 
I am the < PROPMALE > of the world ! 
Alright guys who are your picks for tonights fights ? I have < PROPMALE > Lesnar , < PROPFIRST > Kampmann , Paulo Thiago , Tito Ortiz , < PROPFIRST > Gonzaga , < PROPFIRST > Jensen , < PROPFIRST > Cote , Miky Guymon , < PROPFIRST > Stout , Dongi < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Madsen , YOUR TURN GO !!! 
Hey if you havent done so add < PROPFEMALE > To Destroy to your friends list . If you're a fan of Cellador , or old school metal with a modern swing , than this is a band for you to get familiar with ! 
Everyone needs to go check out our good friends in Screaming For Silence right now and like that < PROPFEMALE > , by far one of the best underground rock bands in Omaha ! 
Operation Elite Storm has begun , spread the word Midwest Elite Concerts 
The darkness must go\ 
Down the river of night's dreaming\ 
Flow morphia slow\ 
Let the sun and light come streaming\ 
Into my life , into my life 
When < PROPFIRST > said he didn't like his teddy\ 
You knew he was a no good kid , \ 
But when he threatened your life\ 
With a switch blade knife , what a guy , makes you cry , and I did 
Anyone have tix to 10 years they would want to sell ? 
We have officially added two members to our Recon & Assault team this week and believe me they are both going to kick some serious ass !!!! Who wants to be next and earn free tix to our shows and earn tix and merch to other concerts ? Helping support your local music scene pays off when you work for Midwest Elite Concerts . 
Spartans and Tigers are both sucking it bad today , muah ha ha ha ha !!!! 
We need places that we can place posters for our concerts and we have a small list , does anyone have any suggestions of places you know for sure we could < PROPFEMALE > some ? 
Our meeting is over , it started at 1pm and we accomplished a ton . We also finally made our two picks for the two remaining spots on the huge May 7 show . To be continued ....... 
Been a highly productive weekend for MEC , pretty soon it will be back to focusing on WAR , other than that , still frustrated with a certain band for thinking they are just too good to be a co = headliner . Give me a fucking break . 
Is that you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? Is this me ? 
The Walking Dead was badass and far surpassed my expectations . I am not about to say it was the greatest thing on tv , but I am impressed with the AMC people to actually make a show of this caliber . I would have expected this out of HBO or Showtime to attempt such a thing . Great makeup on the zombies !!!! 
Today is getting off to a good start , got lots of answers today and some great assistance from a couple of individuals . Hope this is a good sign of things to come for this week ! 
We got very exciting news tonight kids , we have a 50/50 < PROPMALE > in landing AFTER THE BURIAL as our co-headliner for May 7 , 2011 at The Best of the Best show we are doing with Dirtfedd headlining . All depends on their tour booking next year at that time , if they are not routing around , we can get them for a special one up date ! 
The pool cleaner vs the demon , in the 8th round the pool cleaner heads to the shallow end cause the demon will never see it coming . Clever strategy . 
I mean what I say and I say what I mean , if you're not with me you're against me and thats the bottom line . 
I am really tired of the negative energy I have been forced to deal with today , not too mention the negative people . Its ok though , day by day I find out who my real friends in the biz are , and they are the ones I work with and continue to work with in the future , bank on it . 
I wish to apologize for anyone who has been in the crosshairs of my path this week . It has been a very emotional and stressful week and I am trying my best to shake it off and get it together . 
Watching Toy Story 3 , then Sex and the City 2 , and tomorrow a < PROPMALE > potter marathon to get caught up with the series so we can go see the new one on the IMAX this month . Our street team has been kicking ass with shows and posters for a week and half and its time for some me time ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
If you only go to one show in the entire month of November and want the most bang for your hard earned dollar , then come down to the legendary Sokol Underground on Saturday , November 20 to witness one of the greatest local rock spectacles of the year . Its the Against The Artificial cd release party also featuring regional heavyweights Sidewise & Index Case , PLUS we got COLD STEEL ! Only $8 , Doors at 7 
I am busy working on the new brand new Midwest Elite Concerts myspace < PROPFEMALE > . Really curious how well myspace will actually do for our company , and man has it changed a ton . 
Myspace has changed a ton , plenty to complain about , yet some new things that I find to be long overdue ! Time to go to bed and call it a night , time flies when you are getting things done , in the meantime remember ATA show at Sokol Nov 20 !!! 
Today , I am proudly wearing my Shatterproof shirt and feeling pretty damn nostalgic . 
tons of bad news today , and it all results in me having to update my resume , yay for me 
Did anyone go to the Waiting Room tonight ? 
Oh I wish I was , in the land of cotton , look away , oh look away , dixieland 
I am really annoyed today due to being blatantly and selfishly screwed over by what was supposed to be one of our street team members . We bought this person 2 tickets and supplied tons of fliers just for them to come to to the show and watch their friends and leave and have the nerve to bitch to us about the weather and not even hand out shit . Can you say terminated and thanks for wasting my time , money and material ? 
Applying for part time job at Hot Topics as we speak 
Thinking about going to Buffalo Wild Wings to watch the Huskers game , or stay home and watch UFC on Spike tonight . If we went to BWW , anyone want to join us ? 
ok , we are officially going to Buffalo Wild Wings to watch the huskers take on Kansas . we are going to the Shadow lake location , so who wants to join us ? 
Why is it so hard to find quality people to street team for you , it used to be so easy . 
What a debacle of a night , every place we went to or called was packed for the Huskers game , got a small booth at < PROPFIRST > Frogs and in 2 hours all we got was soda/water and one out of three appetizers we ordered and didnt even get to order our entrees . We left , said screw the game and went to Applebees for killer fajitas . Thanks to Javin from IOG for tagging along with our night of insanity . 
It has been a trying week , but I havent lost focus of my goals , just been smacked in the face with some unfortunate walls I had to hurdle or dig under . Got a couple of things I have pending right now that are going to surprise and shock some of you . 2011 , will be the year of the ELITE ! 
Going to turn in my app at Hot Topics today for the part time gig , clean office , and decorate xmas on the homefront . GO STEELERS ! 
In this clip , there are 13 ways to say you're sorry ------ I am headbanging my ass off sitting at my pc with my earphones jamming to this , love this song ! 
Where are some good places to email for show listings to be placed ? I have Shout and the Reader , and Omaha Night Life , and the River site and the venue , and the Go Section for the Omaha World Herald , is there anywhere else ? 
4 days to go before Against The Artificial ( featuring former members of Venaculas , Stigmata , & A . Symbiont ) unleashes the next phase of awesomeness on Omaha at their cd release party . Also featuring 2 regional acts : Sidweise & Index Case , as well as young up and coming local act Cold Steel . Doors at 7pm , $8 to get in . Spread the word and be on time to get in line , its time to throwdown and GET IT OUT ! 
2 days before my triumphant return to the Omaha music scene , and I have to work 7am to 3pm that day now thanks to mandatory status , and run down for load in at 4pm . Then get to do it again at 7am on Sunday . This is what my life is about , everyone else parties , in one shape or form , I am always working . 
Watch out For the modern day hypocrite , He's the one Shoving his propaganda down your throut , Proclamation to the world , This goes beyond family , this goes beyond friends , This goes beyond those who have turned their backs , This is a bold statement of declaration and understanding , I just want to live to see you die tomorrow 
What did everyone think of the very first show put on by Midwest Elite Concerts ? 
2:14 am , just getting started on my laundry list of things to do for MEC , last Saturdays show lit a bigger fire under my ass than I already had and the rust has been shattered off . Time to kick some ass ! 
I think Sidewise must make a lot of bands afraid to headline over them , because ATA is one of the very few that can < PROPFEMALE > with them ! Many of our so-called headliners in Omaha would be blown off the fn stage and shown up by this spectacular band ! Jamming to them right now ! On that note , ATA fn owned ! 
I am thinking its time for Midwest Elite Concerts to book our first non-Nebraska national band , any guesses who its going to be ? I hear Minnesota is awesome this time of year . 
Hope everyone has a great thanksgiving , what will < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > be doing , cleaning house and working on Midwest Elite Concerts cause the biz never sleeps , well , at least I never do . 
While everyone else is spending time with famly and friends , I work on Midwest Eliite Concerts & WAR Clothing . Have to get a LEG up on the competition . We have one show down , and now it's all about fine tuning this powerhouse machine . We are new and green and some people dont respect us or wish to work with us . A year from now you will eat your words with your pumpkin pie ! 
Just made an offer to an amazing band for an event we are doing in March , I secure this deal we will be forced to do pre-sales and I see a sell out happening which will make my headliners proud ! Stay tuned . 
Went to Nebraska Furniture Mart at 7am , walked out with a new digital camera and 10 dvd's . Went to Target , more dvd's , picture fram set and a sweater for < PROPFIRST > and I . Went to Wal-Mart , more dvd's and pajamas and a watch for < PROPFIRST > . Got up at 5:45 , home at 11:10 , slept unti 2pm . Now its off to work . Oh and my band got back to me , they are passing info onto their manager ! :) 
Sinuses are sucking really bad today and I feel like a train wreck from my completely screwed up sleep schedule this week , but alas at 5:30 , things to do , things to do ! 
2 , I say 2 son , possible earthquakes going to happen within the Midwest Elite Concerts realm . 2 really big shows , well , big for us on a club level , in the wirks . One rock , one metal , what do they share in common , they will both have to have presales thru etix and will sell out quickly if we get them secured . Oh happy days ! \ 
Gotta love booking national bands . 
I thought we were pretty focused and serious about things before today , now I just feel stronger and more empowered . You cannot kill what doesnt die and what you did not create ! 
Saturday , December 11 at the Legendary Sokol Underground , Midwest Elite Concerts brings to you the #1 metal show of the entire month : Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas , featuring headliners Illusion of Gaia , Against The Artificial , the long awaited return of AT THE LEFT HAND OF GOD , the Debut of RIVKIT from Minneapolis , and Omahas own Superior . Doors at 6:30 , show at 7pm , $8 for the show ! 
Thanks to all the people that have aided and assisted our promotional efforts thus far for Now Thats What I Call A Metal Christmas that will be held Dec 11 at Sokol Underground . We still have a few key people that need to get on the ball , but I have faith ! Thanks again for all of your support everyone ! 
Just got on the pc from getting home from work , and I have 97 friend requests , holy shit , what happened ?????????????? 
Those of us at Midwest Elite Concerts would like to know whats the best local show you ever went too ?? 
Who is pumped up to see NOW THATS WHAT I CALL A METAL CHRISTMAS at Sokol Underground on Dec 11 ???????????????? 
Ever have one of those days where you just feel like getting in the car , and not caring where you end up ? 
9 days away , I cant remember a show I put on , that had so many people playing that I respected and admired , and were my friends . 
I dont always say the right thing , but know this , I love what I do , and somedays it is hard for me to respect who I am . I have a deep love for people I truly call my friend , and I am forced to accept the harsh reality that most dont feel the same about me . Never say die , never give up , never surrender , and wear your heart on your sleeve just like I do . 
Huskers vs Sooners tonight , UFC ultimate fighter finale live on spike tonight , steelers vs Ravens tomorrow at 7 , sports galore . MEC peeps and ATA street teaming 10 years tonight for Now Thats What I Call A Metal Christmas , working some ot tomorrow , and I cannot get my head on straight with feeling this damn depressed . \ 
Oh well , time to get dressed and go to the store . 
Dont forget , Saturday Dec 11 at Sokol Underground is Now Thats What I Call A Metal Christmas featuring Illusion of Gaia , Against The Artificial , At The Left Hand of God , Rivkit , and Superior . Doors open at 6:30 , Superior plays first at 7pm . $8 to get into this wild extravanganza . 
Whats the name of the Huskers tunnel walk music ? 
Holy shit , 66 yards , Yeah boooooooooooooy ! Go Huskers ! 
Check out Planet O tonight on 89.7 The River , Illusion of Gaia will be having a featured interview on there to talk about this coming Saturdays show \Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas \"." 
Who caught the interview on Planet O tonight on the river with Illusion of Gaia and what did you think ? 
To the people who attempted to meddle with my personal life today , go f**k yourself . To < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > and Javin , and < PROPMALE > , Thanks ever so much for being a friend today when I needed it ! Crazy times we live in . 
Our radios ads for Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas started today ! Always makes a promoter feel good to hear that ! Sent a email to Taproot today , he he he ! 
This has been one of the worst if not the worst 48 hours of my life . It doesnt have to end like this my friend , it shouldnt and its not \necessary\ " . Let emotions die down and we can get this worked out somehow . Keep faith alive and fuck people who screw with my life . I'm ready to for a fight . " 
Jealous people dont need to sabotage my life just because they are not me . And I dont need the massvie destraction from one of the most important days of my life coming up . Emotionally numb , but the angriest I have felt in years . Let's try and make this a better day . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > loves our show , so why shouldnt you ? :) 
This Saturday at Sokol Underground , is finally Now Thats What I Call A Metal Christmas featuring Illusion of Gaia ( formerly known as Shatterproof ) , Against The Artificial ( featuring members of Venaculas , Stigmata , A . Symbiont ) , At The Left Hand of God , Rivkit , and Superior . Doors open at 6:30 , Superior performs at 7pm . $8 for this all ages event ! 
Today is one of those days that a promoter hates . I hope things work out , cause I always have a difficult time solving this dillema . 
* Breaking News * Saturday , March 12 at the legendary Sokol Underground . Midwest Elite Concerts is proud to present The St. Patricks ShamROCKfest featuring : Against The Artificial , Aurasing , Sidewise , The End In Red , and Crooked Ways ( < PROPMALE > punk hardcore ) . $8 admission , and yes are going to do pre sales for that one , we will let you know when and all the details . 
Ok facebook friends , I need some input on this weekend weather situation . If anyone is aware of the weather prediction , how band do you think this will affect our show , AND , since it is only weds right now , any < PROPMALE > of the whole damn thing missing ? 
I heard all this talk on the radio and tv today about it being the anniverary of < PROPFIRST > Lennon being murdered , and not ONE fn mention of Dimebag < PROPMALE > Abbott . WTF people , Pantera wasnt just some fn band , they were a huge part of those of us that worship and bleed the metal . Any metal fans 25 and older know what Im saying . FOREVER STRONGER THAN ALL ! We miss you dime , well , I do at least ! 
What do you think are some of the most underrated bands in metal ? 
I wanna grow up , I wanna be , a big rock n roll < PROPFEMALE > , I wanna grow up , I wanna be , so no one fucks with me yeah ! ( classic ) 
Ok , someone send me a number and I will play the number game , it could at least make Facebook more interesting for me tonight . Pick your anonymous number and lets give this crazy fad a try . 
69 : First off , its weird for a guy to send another guy that number , so Uh huh , what are you really thinking about me ? LOL ? But seriously ? I think you are a very dedicated guy who has a ton of ambition and heart and I hope we get to become closer friends as time moves on . Thanks a ton for hanging out with us and enduring the debacle at < PROPFIRST > Froggs where I will never return . 
I'm a pepper , shes a pepper , wouldnt you like to be a pepper too ! 
Totally dead today , extremely stressful and long day for me yesterday as I am sure it was for everyone else who helped work the show . I have always loved winter , today I am really pissed at it . I have no energy and am completely dead and beat up . My neck is fd up from headbanging during ATLHOG . Rivkit is still trying to make it home , keep them in thoughts and prayers . 
To anyone that actually made it out to the show Saturday , what were your thoughts on the event ? What did you like or dislike ? Fave band performance , etc etc , please share . 
There is nothing more frustrating than to get jerked around by a music agency for weeks , and then come home one night and read on fn facebook that the band you were fighting for is opening for someone else , let alone the fact , I wasnt even offered first right of refusal to bid on the show . GOD I HATE STARTING OVER ! 
I am supposed to be taking a mental vacation this week , and I keep thinking about possible new show lineups . I have issues . 
* Breaking News * , June 25 Midwest Elite Concerts will be putting on a show at the WAITING ROOM ! Thats right kids , we are going to have The Midwest Elite Concerts 1 yr Bday bash at the Waiting room . 5 bands and its going to kick < PROPMALE > ass ! 
So in 2011 we have multiple shows at sokol underground , one at the slowdown , and now the waiting room , and we are only in our first year and have only put on two shows . We must be doing something right . 
3 day weekend , waiting for our daughter Angel < PROPFEMALE > Campbell to be born any day now . SO , he he he , will be working on my office and WAR Clothing as well as Midwest Elite Concerts all weekend . Wish I had a laptop for the hospital . 
Made cheese omlettes(is that how its spelled ? LOL ) , watching the expendables , jamming to Remembering Never doing Big Jims Mistake , IN THIS CLIP THERES 13 WAYS TO SAY YOUR FN SORRY ! Love that bit . How are all of you ? Im waiting for some juicy news , MEC is going to shock the world in 2011 . ( well at least those that give a shit about our music scene ) 
Going to go and eat popcorn while watching episode 2 again of Incognito Cinema Warriors XP , my new fave show ! Remember , everytime you hear the violin play , theres a diabolical snake near by . 
I am cleaning my office today after having piles and piles of an unorganized mess ever since we moved in back in October . Seemed like a good idea and day to do it . \ 
3pm , Steelers vs Jets , after that finally watching Sherlock Holmes . At least I wont be bored today . 
What song , band or movie is a guility pleasure of yours ? Please share everyone , cause I am very curious . 
Slaughter is coming to the Whiskey Roadhouse , I think I need to go use the toilet now . Yay for inspired bowel movement ! 
Just confirmed , for June 25 at The Waiting Room , Against The Artificial joins the Midwest Elite Concerts bday bash alongside Slipknot tribute band SLUDGEBUCKET ! 3 more bands TBA soon . 
Just want to say thanks to the assholes bassing out this time of night for waking me and my daughter up , your damn lucky she was able to go back to sleep and that you were gone when she did . I dont reason well when my daugher is scared and I am tired . Night all ! PS : Sherlock Holmes made us pass out before one am hit ! 
In regards to the video I had up earlier , its not like I had anything to do with that incident or the event , I saw it on SLAM omaha initially and thought it would make for an interesting conversation piece on my < PROPFEMALE > . To those that I offended with it , I dont know what to tell you . 
With good news , come bad news , and with death comes birth . Some crappy things on the horizon folks , but all for the greater good and nothing to worry about out . I will get it all figured out and worked out . Bear with me . 
Going to bed , just had the longest day ever , got up at 8am after only getting four and a half hours sleep . All I got to say is thank God for real friends , my family , and ATLHOG's music for getting me through this week . Been jamming hard to Coffin Choirs Rise , some serious shit there ! Time for sleep , and to regroup . 
Today is one of those painful reminders that no matter how hard I try , I cannot please everyone . 
Never doubt my passion or level of commitment that I have and give . When it comes to business , I am looking out for the best interest of everyone involved and not just mine . I am thankful for the few friends ( bands ) I do have , and boy do I mean few . 
We are wrapping gifts and tracking < PROPFEMALE > on Norad ! and I am jamming to The Urge and Gravity Kills , yes its a 90's kind of night ! 
So I have been holed up in my office wrapping presents while burning my cd collection onto my PC , and I have to say that Filter and Manson are quite the interesting thing to jam too during this festivity . The Reflecting God & Man That You Fear are quite the morbid track right now ! 
I had a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas yesterday despite someones attempt to scrooge it up . Got to talk to my mom and dad and had many wonderful text or phone conversations with the people cool enough to call me their friend . No matter what my daughter opened up she was all about the wrapping paper . 
Cleaned and organized the house all day , burned more cds into my pc , and feel spent . Im taking the rest of the night off as soon as I leave at 6 and go to the store , when I get back , its r n r time boys and girls . 
Hey all of my facebook friends , whats your personal take on the hideout incident ? I am just curious what you guys think about it . 
Steelers and Falcons win divisions , sparred with my son , spent tons of time with my daughters , finished cleaning and organizing our bedroom and got started on girls room , made some great spaghetti , going to end it all by eating popcorn and watch Hot Tub Time Machine . 
Actually got a decent nights sleep , not too shabby , gave < PROPFEMALE > a bath , took a shower and fine tuned the bedroom , got the dishwasher going , and am now patiently waiting for my supervisor to call me before 245 to let me know wether or not my time off for this week has been approved or not . Otherwise its back to the 50 hour plus work week for me today . 
Keep sunshine in your heart ! 
We had to go to Chrildrens Hospital tonight to get new lab work done on baby Angel . They said they found an abormality and wanted it done again to make sure it wasnt a glitch or some bs . They offered us no conclusive info or suggestions when they called us or after the bloodwork . I am really worried , wtf God ?! 
There has been a ton of news lately about the rapture coming in May and end of days from the 500 birds that dies in Arkansas and a few other misc things . Anyone got any thoughts on this subject ? 
Saturday , March 12 at Sokol Underground : The St. Patricks ShamROCKfest featuring : Against The Artificial , Aurasing , Sidewise , The End In Red , and 1 more band TBA . All Ages Event , doors @ 6:30 , Show @ 7pm 
War Clothing has a huge new potential sponsorship prospect for 2011 as of today , like the 3 we already had were not enough , lol , gotta love the UFC kids ! All I got to say is bring on the OT and new part time gig , cause we got sponsorship fees to pay ! Tapout boys did it the same way when they started so I have faith in myself ! They were selling gear out of the trunk of their car and now look at that brand ! 
People across the country are really going to start wondering about what is in the water in Omaha . Not only are we considered to be on of the fattest and most unhealthy cities in the USA , but possibly one of the most violent thanks to the acts of today . 
Anyone in the Omaha metro area looking to be a vocalist for a really bad ass and brand new modern rock band ? Hit me up and I can give you some details , this band is going to be amazing once the frontman spot is filled ! 
Saturday , March 12 at Sokol Underground , Midwest Elite Concerts is proud to present the first ever \The St. Patricks ShamROCKfest\ " at the legendary Sokol Underground . Featuring the one and only Against The Artificial and local heavyweights Aurasing & The End In Red . PLUS we got Sidweise and Coincide ! All ages event for only $7 !!!!!!!!!!! Come get your < PROPFEMALE > on ! " 
You know you are in a weird mood when you want to put on your headphones and jam out to Slayer while playing Dynasty Warriors . Oh the blood that shall be shed . 
What does a hemoglobin electrothesis/confirmation test for ???? Our newborn daughter has to have this test \redon\ " . Our docs office calls us today only to let us know that the retest we did on Monday that they ordered was for the wrong thing . Really annoyed and still concerned for my daughter . " 
Jets earned my respect , Seahawks surprised me , Its all about my Steelers and Falcons anyway , all the other teams are going to meet their demise ! #43 will eat your qb for lunch ! 
We want our ShamROCKfest on March 12 to be as cool and fun as possible for people , do you have any suggestions of what we could incorporate in terms of fun factor , and would make people want to attend more than they already do ? 
Anyone got any friends who are huge Cafe World playing diehards ? Send them my way ! :) 
Watching The Vampire Diaries season 1 on dvd after a long day of playoffs with some fesh baked cookies ! 
Westboro Baptist Church is no longer coming to Omaha because they wish to attend funerals in Arizona instead , please God , let someone hurt them ! 
< PROPMALE > Lesnar and < PROPMALE > Dos < PROPFIRST > will be coaching this upcoming seasons The Ultimate Fighter , training a cast of welterweights . At the end of the season they will face off for the right to be called the number one contender for the heavyweight title and to face Cain Velasquez later in the year . Thoughs on this anyone ? 
God , in the last 30 days I have seen/experienced my company messed with , my marriage , my friendships , my financial well being , my newborn , and my relationship with my in-laws . If you are trying to tell me something along the lines of giving up or surrender , try harder cause you dont know me well enough ! Life is better when you and I are on the same < PROPFEMALE > . Love you anyways ! 
Should have posters and fliers for our March 12 show ready to rock within 7-8 days , tons of killer NFL playoff action this weekend and I am watching every minute of it . Been jamming to GNR Use Your Illusion 1 & 2 for the first time in years . Estranged is still an amazing song , so amazing , I feel the need to cover it in my band project ! 
Getting ready for Steelers vs Ravens today , and then Falcons vs Packers tonight , working OT tomorrow , then coming home to watch the other two playoff games . Looking for my Steelers and Falcons to have a Super Bowl faceoff rematch from week one ! 
Holy shit , what a game ! STEELERS BABY !!!!!!!! By far one of the best games of the year , give Ravens props , they played hard , sacked Big < PROPMALE > 6 times . Bring on the Pats or Jets , they are going down ! 
Time to adjourn to the bedroom and try to get myself shut down , have to be at work at 7am for some volunteer OT . This day has been a yin < PROPFEMALE > sort of thing , at least Pittsburgh won , got something to be happy about . Who cares right ? 
Music as a Weapon V coming to to the < PROPMALE > on March 24 featuring Disturbed , Korn & Sevendust , roll call , whos all going ? Tix go on sale this Saturday ! 
Not sure if anyone cares or not , but Saturday June 25 at the Waiting Room , I am putting on a concert for my 34th birthday and technically its Midwest Elite Concerts 1 year anniversary since the company was incepted June 20 . Anyone interested in the lineup yet ? 
Just confirmed band number 4 tonight to perform June 25 at The Waiting room for my 34th bday/ Midwest Elite Concerts 1 year anniversary show . 
A vocalist is needed to tryout for a hot new cutting edge modern rock band here in Omaha . Main band influences are Breaking < PROPMALE > , 10 Years , Skillet , and Alter Bridge . Serious inquiries only , if anyone is interested contact < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > or < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , if you need their contact info hit me up on here ! 
I have this sick facination with wanting to perform at my birthday , now I need to figure out how to solve this . 
Well kids , we got the poster tonight for March 12 , just got to have one minor thing fixed , and then tomorrow night we shall unveil to the masses . Trying to conjure up a plan to perform with a full band for 30-35 minutes at my June 25 waiting room show , tired as hell right now , so there ya go , info to play with . 
SO what do you cats think of our poster for March 12 , and better yet , thoughts on the show ? 
You know life is going to be permanently complicated when your in-laws start turning their backs on you like a domino effect . I havent been the black sheep since I was 18 and someones step son . Can't keep my enemies close cause they all live 90 minutes away , but boy do they enjoy casting judgement on someone they never even tried to know . 
< PROPMALE > Mitrione looked really good on the UFC tonight , < PROPFIRST > White and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > need to do a better job at testing this guy after tonight . 4-0 baby ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is not the answer , he will be squashed like a tomato . Give him < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Got two things on my mind , no wait , 3 , Steelers kicking some Jets ass , finally figuring out how to play Clue tonight , and promoting the hell out of The St. Patricks ShamROCKfest . Need a whole lotta people there ! Looking forward to making roasted turkey as well . Rehearsed Korn vocals yesterday and came to the realization that I need to work my vocals way more often . Not in the same shape as they used to be . 
SCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE !!!!!!!!!! SUPER STEELERS ! 
Oh hearts will be broken in shit talking new york tonight ! 
It took a former Steeler to get a td for the Jets , LMFAO , enjoy your moment < PROPMALE > , your team is going down in flames ! 
I told the world we had this locked down once we won the division , maybe someday people will learn to trust me ! I'm always right ! 99% of the time ! 
Steelers won , dinner was good , the company was great , folding laundry at 1am sucks . Nice to chill with good people ! 
Just got home 20 minutes ago from work and got a really bad email from a venue ( dont worry its not Sokol ) , but it still sucks ! I have alot of corresponding to do tomorrow and damage control . Yay for me . Hope to have fliers ready to rock Friday for our March show but print co is making us jumps through hoops as usual . 
Who would like to win free tickets to The St Patricks ShamROCKfest ???? 
June 25 at the Waiting Room , prepare to get ( sic) !!!!! 
Hey guys , just pusle checking in with ya'll here . Life is frustrating somedays and sometimes we cant do anything about it . We were supposed to have our fliers and posters printed today but the company cant fulfill it due to the equipment breaking down . To say I am dissapointed or pissed is an understatement . Continue reading below ..... 
Time to compile the list of shows to street team and update and go over my list of places to < PROPFEMALE > posters , good times , need some < PROPMALE > and wallys dutch chocolate ice cream and a gryo ! 
Worked 3pm to 4am last yesterday , today I feel like someone beat the hell out of me and I have to be back to work at 7am for volunteer overtime . Oh the things we do to take care of family and finance our business . We did actually get posters for March 12 yesterday , just no handbills . 
Its that time again kids and Midwest Elite Concerts has another exciting event coming up at Sokol on March 12 and we are looking for new places to < PROPFEMALE > posters , we have a list already of about roughly 45 spots , any new places that you would reccomend or could help with ? 
Who would be interested in seeing a full on Slipknot tribute band that performs material from all their albums and dresses up the part ? 
Turbo Tax , I love you ! 
Done with my Cafe World rounds , its off to take a shower and get dressed , Get the car loaded up with wife and 3 kids and we shall be out and about all over Omaha hanging posters for March 12 . 
Just got back from doing posters all over Omaha , jammed out to ATA and Sidewise with a shot of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Homers no longers allows posters that dont belong to 1% shows which is a big bummer to me and I am sure to others . Need to find more places to < PROPFEMALE > them though , I can never have too many ! 
Am I the only one that thinks we need a brand new site to be what SLAM Omaha used to be ? Something that supports local arts and music without fake profiles , moderated and is actually positive and productive as a whole ?! 
Why is suggest to friends missing ???? 
Little info just for my fb friends , we are going to get some St. Pats stuff for the show on March 12 to help the crowd have a little fun with the event , we already have a few ideas , but would love to hear some more from all of you . Any suggestions ? 
Any car experts out there ? I think my car's gas line has water in it or its frozen . My lights , stereo and heater work , it revs over like crazy it just wont start , had a guy try and jump my car battery for 5 minutes and nothing happened . Please advise . 
Some days , my emotions control me way too much , and rational thought and judgement cease to exist . I wish more people really knew who I was , and what I am , and why I do the things I do . Not so sure I want to be me anymore . 
Hey fb friends , we are thinking about doing a keg and an afterparty thingy with a dj spinning some stuff for an hour at The St. Patricks ShamROCKfest . The dj thing would be after all 5 bands played to help keep the party going . The Keg would be for free , first come first seve kinda thing . GIVE ME SOME FEEDBACK ! 
2 shows about to be given birth by end of weekend , oh the fun !!!! 
Go Steelers , and 2 shows coming soon ! BBQ & Birthdays :) 
Watched the super bowl , made burgers , and watched the UFC PPV , Anserson < PROPFEMALE > is the man , and what cracks me up is that < PROPFIRST > Seagal taught him a move that ended up knocking out Belfort . 
The Great American Metal BBQ , stay tuned ! 
This May , The Great American Nightmare meets The Great American Metal BBQ , Stay Tuned ! 
when is rockfest ??? Anyone know the official date ? 
* BREAKING NEWS * from Midwest Elite Concerts , 4 SHOWS to announce\ 
1 . The Great American Metal BBQ\ 
2 . WARFEST\ 
3 . The Legends of Metal Halloween Spectacular\ 
4 . Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas 2 .......... details coming soon 
January 2009 I lost the greatest person I ever knew to Leukemia . I have a huge void in me ever since , and have felt powerless against the cancer . This fall , I wont feel that way anymore , because I am going to stand up and bear arms in the crusade to cure Leukemia by doing something about it . This fall , Omaha will bear witness to \BANDS BATTLE FOR THE CURE\ " . Stay tuned !!!!! " 
The St Patricks ShamROCKfest live at Sokol Underground on Saturday , March 12 , 5 bands for only $7 . Against The Artificial , Aurasing , Sidewise , The End In Red , and Coincide . AND THATS NOT ALL ! Keg draws of < PROPMALE > Lite for $1 and dont miss the after party starting at 11:45 featuring the DJ group of We Are Robots . Doors open at 6:30 pm , show starts at 7pm sharp , dont miss the best St Pats event in Omaha ! 
Anyone who plays cafe world , tell your friends to add me , I play everyday and am strangely addicited to this crazy game and need more neighbors . 
What bands around here are big fans of the UFC & MMA ? 
WARFEST , coming to the Waiting Room June 25 , JUST BRING IT ! 
I finally bought my first Guitar Hero game complete with the guitar last night . It is the Warriors of Rock edition , and I am pining to play some metal , but playing NIN and CCR was the highlight for me so far ! Horribly addicted to that game , cant wait to go to gamestop and get Guitar Hero 5 and GH Metallica !!!! 
Midwest Elite Concerts is looking for new business relationships . We would like to help advertise your business by handing out product samples , fliers , coupons etc for your company , < PROPFEMALE > your banner at our events , and include your logo on future printed advertising , all in exc < PROPFEMALE > e for some trade promotion effort . Please inquire at midwesteliteconcerts@yahoo.com 
You can pull my mancard for this , and I dont care , but if I could have a wish granted , it would be for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to be real so we could < PROPFEMALE > out and cause some mayhem or whatever . LOL . I just dig that dude ! Im so going to get hated on for that ! lmao 
< PROPFIRST > Gray & < PROPFIRST > Steele were not honored at the grammys ? Time for < PROPMALE > Leary to tell those assholes to go and visit www.WTF.com 
Out of curiousity , how is it the modern times has found a way to make money and market almost every holiday possible ? Valentines Day is set up to force you to lavish various forms of affection on your mate , um , heres a thought , why not just do it everyday and not overboard for one day like its freaking xmas ? 
* BREAKING NEWS JUST CONFIRMED * Live at Sokol Underground on June 4 it's The Great American Metal BBQ featuring DIRTFEDD , THE MATADOR , BLESSED ARE THE MERCILESS , DUSK BLED DOWN , & more TBA !!!! Spread the word ! We are adding more bands and making this the local metal summer kickoff event and is going to be ultra heavy ! 
* JUST CONFIRMED YEStERDAY * Live at Sokol Underground on June 4 it's The Great American Metal BBQ featuring DIRTFEDD , THE MATADOR , BLESSED ARE THE MERCILESS , DUSK BLED DOWN , & more TBA !!!! Spread the word ! We are adding more bands and making this the local metal summer kickoff event and is going to be ultra heavy ! 
It blows my mind that I can get so sick when there are so many things that I dont do that contributes to your immunity getting low . Plus I drink tons of water and OJ and take vitamins daily . 
6 down , 3 to go , come on S4S ! Make me a happy guy ! :) 
Day 3 , still sick , coughing hurts , throut hurts , fever wont go away , body actually feels a little better today , nose plugged up and blowing like crazy , started coughing up mucus yesterday , fever keeps bouncing around between 100.5 to 101.9 . Drank a ton of hot tea and water yesterday and ate a ton of oyster crackers . This really sucks . 
ROCKFEST REVEALED ! Friday , May 13th at Westfair tickets on sale tomorrow ( Saturday ) at 10am for only $10 at all Ticketmaster outlets . \ 
Rockfest features six bands : My Darkest Days , Escape The Fate , 10 Years , Hollywood Undead , Seether & Stone Sour ! Your welcome , see you at ROCKFEST ! 
Just got back from docs , diagnosed with Influenza A , this is what I get for not getting the shot all these years . 
Tamiflu- holy shit this is some crazy stuff , its like redbull and sudafed mixed together with a hint of 4 hour nausea . 
Still dealing with flu , yay for me , still managed to book Screaming For Silence yesterday and post stuff , I need help , LOL , < PROPFIRST > is sick now , this is getting nuts , Hoping Angel doesnt get it , < PROPFEMALE > already has her shot at least . 
The Great American Metal BBQ buzz is blowing up like an California wildfire and there is not enough water to put it out . Not even Bottled Bright Eyes ( lol ) . LOCAL METAL RULES ! 
Day 6 , well , I am at 50 maybe 55% percent . My work is not being helpful or fair . If I have to go in today my boss is so getting a piece of my mind . 
End of day 6 of my wonderful influenza . Cant wait to be back to at least 90% , I have so much to do and I want to get it done because there is something I have discovered in the past 2 months that I have taken for granted and i dont get enough time with and thats my family . I give MEC 150% everyday , and I need to find a better way to balance . Being sick and down makes you do a ton of serious thinking . 
Saturday March 12 , Come get your < PROPFEMALE > on at The St Patricks ShamROCKfest . We have EVERYTHING you need . We have 5 bands , Against The Artificial , Aurasing , Sidewise , The End In Red , Coincide , FREE St Pats gear to wear and party in , 2 kegs selling dollar pints , We Are Robots doing some DJ action after all 5 bands are done , its the BIGGEST , its the BEST St Pats throwdown in Omaha for $7 ! 
Tune in to WWE Smackdown tonight to hear Omaha band Emphatic perform < PROPMALE > barretts theme music . 
I am a huge fan of Man vs Food , and was curious if anyone knew about any food challenges here in Omaha ? 
I just wanted to take a moment and literally thank God for all of the things that I have in my life . I am grateful for my family and I am extremely grateful to every single band that ever gave me a < PROPMALE > to work with them and make me feel like I was < PROPMALE > of the world for what I do . I love you all ! 
Blows my mind to just see things get handed to people that some of us work our asses off for and havent done ourselves . Oh to take the high road as usual . 
You can imitate me , compete with me , and try to one up me all you want , but the bottom line at the end of the day is you are still not me . There is only one me , PERIOD ! You cannot kill what you did not create ! 
Next Saturday March 12 at Sokol Underground , for $7 we have 5 bands , Against The Artificial , Aurasing , Sidewise , The End In Red , & Coincide , 2 kegs with $1 draws while they last , tons of free St Pats party gear , and an after party DJ . All this for $7 . This is the premier St Pats themed event in Omaha as far as we are concerned . Doors open at 6:30 pm , show starts at 7pm ! Come get your < PROPFEMALE > on ! 
If you were given a million dollars , and were instructed to divide it up to ten different charities , thus $ 100,000 a piece , who would you give it too ? 
My favorite riff of all time ( not music related ) , is from MST3K the movie . \It's a long par 5 to the nations capital ! \ " Classic line that I have qouted a billion times and no one gets it ! " 
I am a control freak , and I dont know how not to be one . 
It's hard to be humble when you are this damn good ! 
UFC purchased Strikeforce ,,,,,,, LOL , thoughts anyone ? 
Foo Fighters and Motorhead coming to Mid American Center May 23 , man , more and more shows we get to street team for June 4 , I love it !!!!! 
Saturday July 18 At Sokol Ballroom , IN FLAMES & TRIVIUM , with special guests Kingdom of Sorrow & Straight Line Stitch , tickets go on sale this friday , listen to 897 the river for details ! 
Warped Tour coming to Westfair August 4 
It has come to my attention recently that everything that I ever really needed to know about business was taught to me by < PROPFIRST > Carleone and Scarface 
I am convinced that the song Planets Collide by Crowbar was written about me . Case closed . 
Quite possibly going to be writing a looong ass note on facebook before bed tonight , I have alot to say and really need feedback . In the meantime , its time for pizza and a movie . I see some really somber itunes in my future . 
Is there a song that you feel totally and completely and honestly describes you , what is it and why ? 
Couple thoughts , I am possibly up for a really cool promotion at work so once that is a yay or nay it will be back to the grindstone looking for that killer part time gig . Otherwise , cereal before bed time is good and it cracks me up when people have to resort to imitating me or or just blatantly ripping me off . God I am good . 
Hello darkness my old friend , I have come to speak with you again . 
No offense , but it cracks me the hell up when I see people talk about a show that has a stakced lineup or an a amazing lineup and those of of us in the business end of things know damn well it will never do over 100 paid people . Sorry , hard facts . 
I have thought long and hard , and I have officially decided that the two shows we have in June will be make or break for Midwest Elite Concerts , both shows need to do well or I will be officially retiring . Now with that being said , it's time to work my ass off to prevent that from happening . 
Midwest Elite Concerts , busy all weekend getting it done and planning it out . June is going to be a busy month , two shows , June 4 at Sokol and June 25 at The Waiting Room for the first time ever . Things are going to get ( sic) ! 
If today goes well the june 25 show will finally be complete and its time to get rolling on mass promotion for two shows in one month , havent done that since 2005 
Dropkick Murphys are coming to Omaha at Sokol Auditorium on July 7 , this just made my week ! Shipping up to boston ! 
Wondering really hard how and what we did wrong , totally mindfucked right now . 
And the lone rider said to the four horsemen , NO , I will not ride with you . As I may be a knight who rides in the shadows of darkness , I am also a fallen soldier of the light , and I will slay the wicked , starting with you ! 
Massive inferiority complex today , I cannot stand feeling like this . 
