' s manner was now meek and conciliatory , like that of a black-beetle which sees the cook reaching for the insect powder and does its best to show her that it fully realises that it has brought this on itself . 

don't lie , he don't lie , he don't lie ... Cocaine . 
is no more humble than his talents require . 
got twenty years ' privilege taken away from him , when he kicked old Buddha's gong . 
needs somebody to lend him a fifty dollar < PROPMALE > , and then he’ll leave < PROPFIRST > Kong behind him , for happiness once again [ ] He needs someone to love him , he needs somebody to < PROPFEMALE > him home to San < PROPFIRST > , and bury his body there . 
got a name for the winners in the world -- I want a name when I lose . They call Alabama ' the Crimson Tide ' : just call me Deacon Blues ( Deacon Blues ) . 
can always get another son , but there's only one Maltese Falcon . 
has a very low threshhold of death . His doctor says he can't have bullets enter his body at any time ! 
doeshn't react well to bulletsh . 
is going to nothing you to death . 
so that you don't have to be . 
has friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan . He speaks a dozen languages , knows every local custom . He'll blend in—disappear—you'll never see him again . With any luck ... he's got the Grail already . 
hopes you got your things together ; hopes you are quite prepared to die . Looks like we're in for nasty weather . One eye is taken for an eye . Don't go ' round tonight ; it's bound to take your life . There's a bad < PROPFEMALE > on the rise . 
is become a name ; For always roaming with a hungry heart Much has he seen and known ; cities of men And manners , climates , councils , governments , Himself not least , but honour'd of them all ; And drunk delight of battle with his peers , Far on the ringing plains of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
hath the sor which no man heleth , the which is cleped lack of herte . 
will return ; when the fields are white with daisies , he'll return . 
( may his tribe increase ) awoke one night from a deep dream of peace . 
No one should be frozen in carbonite , or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac , just because they couldn't pay Jabba the Hut what they owe him . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is now < PROPMALE > Moskowitz , Lovable Rogue . 
Mon centre cède , < PROPFEMALE > droite recule , situation excellente , j'attaque . 
centre cède , il droite recule , situation excellente , il attaque . 
a toujours fait une prière à Dieu , qui est fort courte . La voici : Mon Dieu , rendez nos ennemis bien ridicules ! Dieu m'a exaucé . 
' s face was drawn , his eyes haggard , the general appearance that of one who has searched for the leak in life's gaspipe with a lighted candle . 
distrusts a close-mouthed man . He generally picks the wrong time to talk and says the wrong things . Talking's something you can't do judiciously unless you keep in practice . 
keeps good things to eat ; but you should hear him speak : when you ask for anything , he never answers ' no ' . He just ' yesses ' you to death , and as he takes your dough , he tells you ' Yes , we have no bananas ; we have no banaaanaaaas todaaaaaaaaay!' 
would not wish to seem to take a < PROPFEMALE > , sir , but would venture to suggest that the trousers ought to be perhaps a quarter of an inch higher . One aims for the casual break over the instep . 
What's on your mind ? would not wish to seem to take a < PROPFEMALE > , sir , but would venture to suggest that the trousers ought to be perhaps a quarter of an inch higher . One aims for the careless break over the instep . 
would not wish to seem to take a < PROPFEMALE > , sir , but would venture to suggest that the trousers ought to be perhaps a quarter of an inch higher . One aims for the careless break over the instep . 
couldn't be fonder of you if you were his own son . But , well , if you lose a son , it's possible to get another . There's only one Maltese Falcon . 
was only supposed to blow the bloody doors off ! 
is a fella with a heart of gold , with the ways of a gentleman , he's been told -- the kind of a fella who wouldn't even harm a flea . But if he and a certain character me t--t he guy that invented the cigarette--he'd murder that sonuvagun in the first degree . 
has no earthly reason to think he can trust you , and , if he does this and gets away with it , you'll have something on him that you can use whenever you want to . Since he's got something on you , he couldn't be sure that you wouldn't put a hole in him someday . All those are on one side ... And what have we got on the other side ? All we've got is that maybe you love him and maybe he loves you . 
is an advertising man , not a red herring . He's got a job , a secretary , a mother , two ex-wives and several bartenders that depend upon him , and he doesn't intend to disappoint them all by getting himself ' slightly ' killed . 
is livin ' on Blues Power . 
went down to the crossroads , took his rider by his side . 
has it writted down on this piece of paper , what it is 8 o’clock , it is writted . 
doesn't care to belong to any club that would accept him as a member . 
is the Dread Pirate Roberts , and there will be NO SURVIVORS . 
is WINNING through the SUPERNATURAL . 
is WINNING by the SUPERNATURAL . 
shall become a bat ... 
has a two-day head start on you , which is more than he needs . He's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan . He speaks a dozen languages , knows every local custom . He'll blend in — disappear — you'll never see him again . With any luck ... he's got the Grail already . 
is so vain , he probably thinks this status is about him . 
has a heart , but it beats on his opposite side . 
is never forget the day he is given first original paper to write . It was on analytic and algebraic topology of locally Euclidean metrization of infinitely differentiable Riemannian manifold . Bozhe moi ! This he knows from nothing . What is he going to do ? But then he thinks of great Lobachevsky and gets idea - ahah ! 
GPI : Fondly regard creation . 
Nous nous trompons toujours deux fois sur ceux que nous aimons : d`abord à leur avantage , puis à leur désavantage . 
' s lack of education hasn't hurt him none ; he can read the writing on the wall : Kodachr o-o -ome ... 
is in love with < PROPFIRST > Miller 
sinks a few more ships , it's true , than a well-bred man had ought to do . 
?????????! 
won't come back til it's over , over there ! 
will not vote for a man who does not wear a hat . 
has a plan , and it's so cunning you could brush your teeth with it . 
is the Great Pretender . 
has got ugly he hasn't even used yet ! 
Who can tell me who this is meant to be ? 
gets no kick from Champagne . Mere alcohol doesn't thrill him at all ... 
could have been a Prussian , a French , a Turk , a Russian , or an Italian ( or an Italian ); but in spite of all temptations to belong to other nations , he remains an Englishman ( he remains an Ee-ee-ee-ee-eeeenglishmaaan) ! 
is frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life . 
isn't very tall , either . Next time he'll come on stilts , wear white tie and < PROPFEMALE > a tennis racquet . 
has been guilty of several monographs . They are all upon technical subjects . Here , for example , is one ' Upon the Distinction between the Ashes of the Various Tobaccos ' . In it he enumerates a hundred and forty forms of cigar , cigarette , and pipe tobacco , with coloured plates illustrating the difference in the ash . 
n'a pas eu besoin de cette hypothèse . 
is a sick man he is a spiteful man . He is an unpleasant man . He thinks his liver is diseased . 
is leaving Vienna . He doesn't care whether < PROPMALE > was murdered by Kurtz or Popescu or the third man . Whoever killed him , there was some sort of justice . Maybe he would have killed him himself . 
has seen the well-to-do , up and down Park Avenue , on that famous thoroughfare , with their noses in the air : High hats and Arrow collars , white spats and lots of dollars , spending every dime for a wonderful time . Different types who wear a day coat , pants with stripes and cutaway coat , perfect fits : Puttin ' on the ritz . 
der hat ein Messer , Doch das Messer sieht man nicht . 
der hat ein Messer , doch das Messer sieht man nicht . 
' s Cadillac has got a wheel in the ditch , and a wheel on the track ... 
puts the blame on Mame . 
left his home in the Maritimes and headed down the turnpike for New England ... sweet New England . 
Roses are red , violets are blue . In Soviet Russia , poem writes you . 
is the organizer of half that is evil and of nearly all that is undetected in this great city . He is a genius , a philosopher , an abstract thinker . He has a brain of the first order . He sits motionless , like a spider in the center of its web , but that web has a thousand radiations , and he knows well every quiver of each of them . 
didn't get a ' harumph ' out of you ! 
is sure it wouldn't interest anybody outside of a small circle of friends . 
finds your lack of faith disturbing . 
grows tired of asking this , so it will be the last time : Where is the Rebel base ? 
is a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor . Take him away ! 
apart sat on a hill retired , In thoughts more elevate , and reasoned high Of Providence , foreknowledge , will , and fate , Fixed fate , free will , foreknowledge absolute , And found no end , in wand'ring mazes lost . 
needle-nardle-noo , to name but a few . 
feels with Bismarck that the solution of the < PROPFEMALE > question lies in having the < PROPFEMALE > to swap countries with the Dutch . He adds that the Dutch would make Ireland the most beautiful island in the world while the < PROPFEMALE > would neglect to mend the dykes left to them by the Dutch and therefore would be drowned . 
enters , waits for applause , not a sausinge . 
This is the BBC Home Service -- now there's a service for you ! 
has to go and bandage his ear . He just bit it . 
does to the < PROPFEMALE > complain Of such as , wandering near his secret bower , Molest his ancient solitary reign . 
City of Stones Episodes 1 , 2 and 3 going out Saturday , April 3rd ! 9:00 am , WHUS 91.7 -or- listen online at whus.org! 
doesn't seem to recall ever owning a droid . 
stakes everything on propinquity , Jeeves . Propinquity , in his opinion , is what will do the trick . 
City of Stones Episodes 4 and 5 going out Saturday , April 10rd ! 9:00 am , WHUS 91.7 -or- listen online at whus.org! 
is far too trusting . Dantooine is too remote to make an effective demonstration , but don't worry . We will deal with his Rebel friends soon enough . 
is reviewing the situation ; he's a bad ' < PROPFEMALE > and a bad ' < PROPFEMALE > he shall stay . You'll be seeing no transformation ; but it's wrong to be a rogue in every way . He don't want nobody hurt for him , or made to do the dirt for him . There is no in between for him , but who will change the scene for him ? Don't want no one to < PROPMALE > for him , but who will find a job for him ... He thinks he'd better think it out again . 
Please put this as your status if you are , know or are related to someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . The atrocity ofa bunch of rowdy teenagers manipulating an engineering flaw to exterminate a space station with a population greater than most planets is inhuman , and unthinkable . The Rebels are a band of monsters that don't care who they hurt on their path to greed and < PROPFEMALE > . 
may talk o ' gin an ' beer \ 
when ' e's quartered safe out ' ere , \ 
an ' ' e's sent to penny-fights an ' Aldershot it ; \ 
but if it comes to slaughter \ 
' e will do ' is work on water , an ' ' e'll lick the bloomin ' boots of ' im that's got it . 
has failed me for the last time . You are in command now , Admiral Piett . 
when young did eagerly frequent\ 
Doctor and Saint , and heard great argument\ 
About it and about : but evermore\ 
Came out by the same door where in he went . 
saw a werewolf drinking a Pina Colada at Trader Vic's: his hair was _perfect_ . 
never knew the old Vienna ... 
is tempting the wrath of the whatever , from high atop the thing . 
[ T]he precise correlation between the information you communicated and the facts , insofar as they can be determined and demonstrated , is such as to cause epistemological problems , of sufficient magnitude as to lay upon the logical and semantic resources of the English language a heavier burden than they can reasonably be expected to bear . 
?? ???? ? ?? ????????, ? ?????? ????? ??? ?????????????? ?????????. 
stepped up on the platform , \ 
The man gave him the news . \ 
He said , ' You must be joking , son , \ 
' Where did you get those shoes ? ' \ 
' Well , I've seen ' em on the TV , the movie show . \ 
' They say the times are changing , but I just don't know . \ 
' These things are gone forever , \ 
' Over a long time ago . ' 
is appalled . 
can smile , and murther while he smiles , and cry ' Content!' to that which grieves his heart , and wet his cheeks with artificial tears , and frame his face to all occasions ... he'll play the orator as well as < PROPMALE > , deceive more slyly than < PROPMALE > could , and like a Sinon take another < PROPFIRST > . He can add colours to the chameleon , change shapes with Protheus for advantages , and set the murtherous Machiavel to school . 
can get anything he wants at < PROPFEMALE>'s Restaurant ( exceptin ' < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
Indeed , indeed , Repentance oft before\ 
I swore -- but was I sober when I swore ? \ 
And then and then came Spring , and Rose-in-hand\ 
My thread-bare Penitence apieces tore . \ 
\ 
And much as Wine has play'd the Infidel , \ 
And robb'd me of my Robe of Honor -- Well , \ 
I wonder often what the Vintners buy\ 
One half so precious as the stuff they sell . 
since he cannot prove a lover , \ 
To entertain these fair well-spoken days , \ 
is determined to prove a villain\ 
And hate the idle pleasures of these days . 
Use me , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
It belongs in a museum ! 
Death's at the bottom of everything , Martins . Leave death to the professionals . 
