Happy New Year !!! 

relaxing after an extremely busy weekend , before I gotta head to work .. 
debating on if I should try and pick up my brothers house a little more ... hhmm 
Get to go to work today ... :P .. wish I didn't have to 
Excited about seeing Transformers 2 tonight .. woot !! 
thinking I should go swimming , it's just to hot not too 
I'm so ticked Kev and I had to cancel our party tomorrow .... grrr . Was looking very forward to < PROPFEMALE > ing out with all my friends again . Been too long since we've done a group < PROPFEMALE > out 
Disappointed that the party didn't happen yesterday , but least < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding was great and a lot of fun . 
been keeping myself busy . But think I'll let today be a relaxing one 
Woot ! Got my degree in the mail today finally lol . Almost two months after graduating 
really hate having to work on a holiday ... 
fun fun , 2nd week playing at church and I already get a solo .. lol Just means I really gotta practice 
its good to be home again 
very bored 
Ticked ... asked off this sunday and didn't get it ... bummer .. 
working another evening , oh well 
Enjoyed this evening at frickers with < PROPFEMALE > . Not looking forward to yet another sunday .... It stinks that I'm starting to not like them , just cause I can't ever do anything on them though . Always stuck with church , lunch then work ... Oh well , only t 
glad that work days over , woot ! 
bored , going to see what what my friends are up to 
heading off to bed , gotta get up early . Yet another busy sunday .. 
Well that was fun and Interesting . A couple at church wanted to know if I would be interested in playing bass in their band . Thought why not . Went over there today to listen to them practice . They started playing , I watched and listened . Was able to 
started on service desk at work today ... fun times there .. lol 
Think somethings going good , to come to find out I've been wrong ... 
is ready for my party this weekend for sure 
fun fun , cleaning house for the weekend . Then helping brother do some stuff on his house this evening . Busy day at least 
Is sad that my this past weekend had to end . Was a blast !! Enjoyed being able to < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends again . 
Definitely a different kinda day , but didn't end so bad . Then there's saturday ! < PROPMALE > will be home . Least I got something to look forward to 
My friend < PROPMALE>'s back ! yay on that one . But he's brought back a curse I swear . Every time we get together , something happens to my car . Luckily , parents are off on 30 yr anniversary . So I can use their other car the next couple days . Just hate having to put more money into an old car , but what should i expect from something 20 yrs old lol 
ah , was so nice to go to steak & shake at midnight lol . Miss the days of doing that couple times a week . fun stuff 
wish my car would be fixed already . P'towns throwing my dad a retirement party tomorrow . Least I have something to look forward to tomorrow through the coarse of the day 
Dad's lil retirement party from the city was nice . Gotta get ready for work now though , bleh .. hate my job 
yay my cars fixed ! 
looking forward to going out to eat for my parents 30th wedding anniversary ! My grandma and uncle will be joining us which is pretty cool 
running on 3 hrs of sleep , always fun ! 
weird how ya can find something ya like or want , when your not looking for it 
dead tired and needs to go to bed .... 
Got an eventful day ahead . Working with the brothers father in law , then having out with my gf . Taco's at < PROPMALE>'s house for dinner and finally ending it all with a bon fire at my house . Good times ! 
tired from the awesome day i had yesterday . Had taco's at bens and bon fire at my house . Was just a good time all around :) 
great weekend ! Had my dads retirement party yesterday , < PROPMALE > out with friends last night and then had a blast at xfest today . 
Well , < PROPMALE>'s on his way back to Japan now . So back to normal life , as much as I don't want to .. 
Glad I'm feeling better tonight after work compared to last night . Was horrible ... 
Church this morning , then work later . Sounds like a fun day 
well def was an interesting day , but good . Today was Bera's 1st bday , was nice to be able to spend time with her and Jenn least for a little bit today 
gotta work ... boo !... but hanging out with Jenn after .. so it's all good :D 
Tired and ready for bed .... 
Looking forward to another evening with Jenn 
sux night got cut short , but had fun while it lasted 
Gotta head to work , least i'm not in till 11 
Don't really feel like being at home , but what can ya do ? Oh well , all's good 
wondering what I should do ... hhmm idk .. lol oh well 
Had a great time at my family reunion today . Was nice to see family I haven't seen in years . Just to bad the day didn't end like I planned , but what can ya do .. 
yet another day spent looking forward to something .. for it not to happen .. 
feeling cold ... burr 
Glad this days pretty much over , so excited about tomorrow ! Will be awesome ! 
Overall , had a good day yesterday :) sure some plans didn't happen , but still no reason not to enjoy the day 
Been trying to enjoy what time i can get :) 
Taking the day casually before i go to work @ 4 .. fun fun 
off to work * bleh * 
Woot , got saturday off ! Should be a good day 
Had a great day ! Walked around charleston falls and got to visit with friends . Always fun 
Got job offer today , so praying I get it ! 
weird when things arn't what ya thought .. Go figure 
Day was good , kinda boring . But no complaints 
Woot !! got my ipod and halloween costume today ! plus got to < PROPFEMALE > out with friend . Good day :) 
Has been one heck of a weekend so far ! Can't wait to see what else is instore 
Been busy two days . Ready to go to bed .. 
Was fun night last night , not so much fun today though .. lol But all better now 
To all my friends currently serving , my brother and father who have served . Thanks everyone I love you all and are extremely proud :) 
Friend Wamer leaves today and will be soon going to Afganistan . Always sad to to see friends go 
Gotta get ready for work fun fun 
gotta love a day off to relax and enjoy :) 
2 hrs before having to head to work ... And they'll go by way to quick ... 
three words for the past two days : crazy , fun , exhausting ! 
Today just seemed to creep for some reason .. 
Wasn't a bad day . Game day at the bro's house . Plus had pizza and taco's ... what's not to love ? 
Early morning tomorrow ... will be busy , but got day off . So should be a good day 
just had another normal day at work 
busy day at work ... and now i gotta get up in the early morning .. fun fun .. 
Despite business of the season . Glad to have a friend back home for the next month and well def like being able to see everyone on christmas :) 
Well was a fun day . Gotta < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > lil more .. We went and watched Avatar .. was def better than i was expecting ... then course , didn't really know what to expect 
looks like another evening hanging out with < PROPMALE > and doing who knows what .. should be fun :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :) 
Christmas over sadly ... but gotta deal with the aftermath of it at work now ... ahh !! lol .. 
glad the work days over .. now i just gotta head to bed for another long sunday 
Had a good day over all .. work was slow and extremely boring towards the end .... Lunch with family was a lot of fun :) 
woot , def had a fun weekend 
I'll step up to a challenge from a friend ... I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% repost this message 
Took dog to vet yersterday cause he was in a lot of pain . He didn't seem to have use of his back legs :( He'd try to stand up but couldn't . So took him to vet .. found out today what the problem was .. He's been shot by a BB gun ... soooo pissed off atm .... 
I miss him so much .... 
Actually had a really good day . Def was nice after the week I've had .. 
Long day ... going to bed ... 
Ready for monday ... 
Been kinda bored past two days ... but meh , can't really complain 
Love snow , just hate the fact i gotta drive in in :( 
came home and family was watching The < PROPMALE > Show .. that's def different movie , but I like it .. was nice to see it again 
Work was boring , but had fun moments with co'workers 
Had a good weekend , had yesterday and today off . Was nice to spend yesterday with friends and today with family . Watched my uncle perform with the choir he's in . Was really good , plus got to hear him actually sing , which that was just amazing . 
Is enjoying being at home ... work this morning was brutal ... just nice to slip into comfy some pj's ... 
Slow day at work , but wasn't really a bad day .. glad i have next two days off .. 
Might have found a guitarist for the band i'm in !! He seems interested in it 
is just ready to move on ... i feel stuck ... 
Had a good day overall .. Work was so so .. but that's work .. Excited for tomorrow .. get my new phone .. woot !! 
For me was a good day , worked on a song for praise team . didn't think I'd get one this hard , but nothing wrong with a challenge . My dad on the other hand hasn't been so great for him . His uncles in the hospital and not doing well .. And neither is his grandma .. So tried to cheer him up by taking him out to eat and asked < PROPMALE > to join . Which he did , just ask for prayers for my dad and the family . 
Welp .. good news and bad news ... Great grandma is outta the hospital and in the nursing home , so she's doing better . Bad news is dad's uncle < PROPMALE > died this evening :( * so a rough day .. 
Welp , had a busy weekend ... Nice that I can actually enjoy the next couple days 
Atm . I just can't help but feel so pissed off . Lady that is an adult leader in the troop yellled/blew up on my dad this past week . Which was just completely uncalled for . It's got him upset , even to the point of leaving . She had no right to go off on my dad like that infront of the troop committee . For her to have done what she did , actually makes me feel ashamed to be an eagle scout that represents the troop . 
Get to use my new guitar and pedal with the band tomorrow .. excited !! 
so glad tax seasons over .. woot ! And looking like I can finally pay off some stuff this year . As long as my car doesn't break down on me lol 
My bands show seemed to have gone well last thursday . Was a lot of fun and again might have a guitarist .. praying we finally do 
another busy day done and over with .. Going to driving range in the morning with my dad , so should be fun :D 
Went golfing with dad today , hobo dinners at < PROPMALE>'s and then ended day with praise team practice .. Was a good day :D 
today feels so bleh compared to yesterday lol 
incontimplation on something that's come up . Very tempted to take the opp .. but gotta really think about it before doing so 
Crashed last night at Brandons , went fishing with < PROPFEMALE > and spent evening with my family . Was def a good time :) 
woot Kings Island in the morning !!! 
All and all I had a fun day . Practice with the band , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > during the afternoon and then < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for the evening .. Def no complaints . Plus finding out < PROPMALE > decided to join the band as lead guitar really made my day :D 
welp , today wasn't all that great ... but tomorrow should be pretty good 
having to write all the chord changes for the new guitarist along with the lyrics for our songs .. This is going to be a long process .... Least so far two done ... only 9 more to go ... 
Was able to get a few songs done for the guitarist .. now just not looking forward to going to work .. * bleh * .. oh well least i'm out at 10:30 and not 11 .. half hour difference i know .. but meh , just feels nice knowing i'm not in till 11 .. lol 
Went to Mayhem Festival yesterday went < PROPMALE > .. Was awesome !! got to finally see Chimaira , Shadows Fall , Lamb of God , 5 Finger Death Punch , < PROPMALE > Zombie and Korn ... Fieldy is an amazing bassist .. 
Dinner for Schmucks was hysterical ! gotta see it again .. and def buying when it comes out 
Watching dinner for schmucks with bens family .. woot ! time to laugh uncontrollably lol 
haven't felt so low about myself .. in a very long time .. 
customer bought a whole cart full of toilet paper .. first thing that came to mind was \is he living off of hot pockets ? \ " lol " 
another day of work .. oh joy 
the joys of locking my keys in my car .... DOH !! 
seriously ? i have one day a week that i can't work .. and yet i am now working on that one day .. grrr 
watching < PROPFIRST > and staying out at the manor by myself this weekend has deffinately felt a little weird 
Day didn't turn out like I thought . But was still good . Helped my brother get closer to finishing his living room , < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Then spent the evening with my dad watching a movie . Alls good :D 
had a good day .. got my hair cut , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > again .. bens in town woot ! that's always fun . then topped it off with a nice drive with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
slow day at work , but besides that was a fun day :D Went to Heritage festival , helped brother finish his living room and watched movie at brandons after work . Excited about heading to Cinci tomorrow , woot ! 
Went to Cinci with < PROPFEMALE > to visit with < PROPFIRST > and watch the labor day fireworks . Evening was a lot of fun and fireworks were amazing !! 
Been busy past couple days , but also been a lot of fun . Back to work though now .. oh well .. lol 
another day of late breaks across the board and just trying to keep caught up .. oh well , least it'll be over at 11 
Hmm .. what to do , what to do ... hhmm 
the day was pretty good .. but getting to spend the last hour of the day with < PROPFEMALE > .. made my day a whole lot better :) 
Gotta get ready for another day at work , Oh joy !!! But saturday will be here soon enough , so no worries :D 
Working 4-11 , but got tomrrow off . So can't wait !! Plus hanging out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > after work :D 
Got in late last night , but was well worth it =) working 4-11 tonight , but then off next three days 
Been busy two days . At least I have a littme bit of time to relax and freshen up before praise team practice . Hopefully tomorrow I can finally get the front tire fixed on my car . Been driving me nuts with the fricken squeaking .. lol 
Welp , wasn't able to replace the rotar cause stupid screw head stripped grrr . Now going to have to take it into a shop .. Oh well , least I have something to look forward to this evening 
Work this evening , then full weekend ahead . Going to be busy , but sure I'll find time for some fun :) 
Been a busy weekend , but was a good weekend 
after what i just saw .. i wanna burn out my eyes ..... 
( 2 < PROPFIRST > 2:9 ) . So you can count on it : When you are faithful and patient through trouble , God will , in His time , exercise options of deliverance that are far beyond what you ever dreamed ! 
They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength ; they shall mount up with wings as eagles ; they shall run , and not weary ; and they shall walk , and not faint ( < PROPMALE > 40:31 ) 
really miss having a dog ... 
BUBBLES !!!!!! lol 
got one thing to say about last night ... fog machines are soooo much fun =) 
feels good to almost be done with my work day already .. lol .. just wish i got more sleep last night though .. oh well 
WOOOOTTTT !!!!!!!!!! I just had a phone interview and they wan't me to come in and meet the guy I'd be directly reporting to .. WOOOOOOTTT !!!!! * SUPER EXCITED !!!! * 
WOOOT !!!! interview friday at 9:30 !!!!!!!! 
Excited for tomorrow .. But starting to feel lil nervous 
everything seemed to go real well and they still sound interested in me =) 
getting ice cream wjth brother and his wife =) 
i can't wait till i leave this job .... 
i start at < PROPFEMALE > on the 25th =) 
finally was able to let one of my managers know about the job .. so just two more weeks .. woot ! 
had another guitarist check us out .. hopefully he is interested in staying with us .. he picked up on the songs like we hoped the last guitarist would 
welp , time to get one of those stupid pink liscenses .. been dreading it ever since I saw the change ... * bleh * 
going to BD's Mongolian Grill . should be fun =) 
Been a good weekend . Able to spend time with family and friends . Eventhough I had to work on my bday , still was a lot of fun . Thanks to the random happy bday phone calls i got at work .. lol 
finally going to bed .. that was fun ... WHAT ?! lol 
Home now , but was nice to see family I hadn't seen for almost a decade ... 
its < PROPFEMALE > unfair .. kids these days have way cooler toys 
wow .. i really do drive a pos now .. my muffler fell off lol 
Amazing how time flies when you actually enjoy your job :D 
Welp , been a long , busy week and will coming home tomorrow . 
Had a fun weekend with friend at our Halloween Party . =) Back to real life and work tomorrow 
Finally watched Die Hard 2 ... man am I behind the times .. lol 
Back to work till 5 then off to band practice . Going to be fun :D 
Welp off to try and make the most of my evening 
Back to work till 5 , then praise team at 7:30 . Lifes keeping me busy , but it's all good =) 
Watching movies and hangoing out tonight after work , woot ! 
HHmmm , what to do when I get off work ? Meh I'm sure I'll figure something out , lol 
Woot ! Movie night when I get off work , hahaha ! 
woot ! i don't work next weekend ! 4 day weekend hahahaha ! 
happy thanksgiving everyone :D 
Had an awesome Thanksgiving weekend :D Enjoyed seeing everyone 
Welp probly just another night of going home after work and watching a movie before heading to bed :) 
Weekend was fun , now to see what the new week brings 
Hope to finish the project today , getting tired of doing the same thing over and over .. lol * fingers crossed * 
Picking out a christmas tree with my dad :) good times 
first day back at meijer in three weeks .. haven't missed it , but least its busy :) 
Had our tree up for 2 days before it fell over while decorating it lol . After that happened , mom got her < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas tree after all ... It's still a nice tree though :D 
woot ! weekends about here and Wamer & < PROPFEMALE > get in tonight ! will be fun :) 
Had a great weekend , too bad it had to end :( But just have more fun to look forward to :) 
Busy busy night ahead , but it'll be fun :) Never a bad time when ya get to play music . Then tomorrow hopefully get to < PROPFEMALE > out with Wamer ! woot ! 
Had a great weekend :) Hope everyone had a great New Years weekend 
Been a busy week , but it's been fun . Looking forward to dinner with an old friend tomorrow and course friends reception sat :D 
Had an awesome night last night !!!! Woot ! lol Now it's time to get ready for Wamers reception and another good night to be had 
After today , life returns to its norm . booo .. lol 
Band practice tonight , interview tomorrow night and dinner with an old friend friday . Def looking forward to friday the most 
Welp not sure what to think about the interview tonight after work , but I'm sure it'll go well 
Well the interview went really well last night :D However I have dinner tonight with my friend and her husband . So excited !!! 
Made it official . My last day working at Meijer will be this sat :) 
Somehow managed to leave home without my wallet .. and I need gass .... great ...... welp hopefully I make it home 
Still miss him ... can't believe it's been a year :( 
too funny .. showed up for my last day and didn't have to work it 
bowling night with dad , brother and uncle .. good times :) 
90 day probationary period at work is over .. glad I found a place that can and wants to keep me lol 
hhmm .. need more photo's so I actually have some to choose from .. but not really big on taking photo's of myself .. oh well lol 
dads surgery starts tomorrow at 10:30 am 
everything went well with dads surgery .. he's home now and tired . thank you everyone for your prayers and concerns :) 
welp time to get outta the house and < PROPFEMALE > out with friends :) 
Had a good weekend :) Spent thewhole weekend with friends and course yesterday afternoon at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s 
hhmm .. it's kinda a two sided coin ... one side .. bad weather could make it to where i don't have to go to work tomorrow .. so plus is get to sleep in and not drive in weather ... other side ... don't have vacation days i can use so i can still get payed if they do shut down ... 
took 50 mins to clear off my car .. lol .. 
WOOOOTT !!!! I'm going on a DATE !!!!! :D 
Is nice to get outta the house again :) 
super bowl party at the church .. woot ! 
Had a great weekend :) felt like I lived at the church but it's all good lol . The worship conference was amazing and super bowl party was a lot fun 
Have known of this concept for awhile , but couldn't remember where it was , found it :) \ 
\ 
\Whoever loves discipline loves knowledge 
Today def started out better since it didn't take 1.5 hrs to get to work . lol Have band practice this evening , should be fun :) 
