Wonder what people would be like if they actually had money to blow would the be humble or turn into a new which forget from where they came 

watching these ravens Hope its a good game im not up for anymore sports dissappointments they can lose to just make it a good lose LOL 
Facebook Facebook Facebook Ok so am i on my new new ish i mean brand new ish if you don't know what it means get wit it . You can't change others but you can change yourself . Remembers leaders lead everyone else just clings to what they can 
I have an appetite for success that i can never seem to fill 
Man I think imma chill this year nothing big just focus on my music 
Seen a sexy young ladi i ain't seen in years catching up really helps you seen how fast time goes by 
Man I need a real women to get through to this lil ass girl fucking children this days 
Man im up to effin early wtf am i gonna do this early 
okay i have deicided i am finish all the songs on this mix tape time to work on the brith 
Dreams are a form of reality . You just have to ask yourself when are you gonna start living that dream 
I feel sorry for anyone who has a < PROPMALE > bit of success in baltimore right now someone planes to ride your fame to the big leagues 
Wake up in the mournig put on my suit and tie . They ask why am I dressed for buisness ? My response is Im a buisness man dummy . So talk money or mind you damn buisness 
Theirs a fine line between brave and stupid . 
Man i don't know how i feel right now . All i can do is pray and let GOD handle the rest . 
Simple and Clean-Best Video game song ever 
You think this ish a game until you no longer playing . Effin morans im tired of these worthless niggas . How about this you waste your life away and don't waste my mutha effin time . Ghost im bout to skip the election and just go to niggas funerals if this keeps up i promise you that much . WASTE MY EFFIN TIME AGAIN ANYONE OF YOU NIGGAS . NOT A THREAT OR PROMISE . GUARANTEED . Time is money and im a billionaire BITCH 
let me just say that . if you were me you would do the things that i do and i were you i would do the things i do 
Sensual Sensations is on Facebook ! Update your customer profiles , chat with the SS ladies , book parties n place orders . Become a fan of SS Ladies \Where Pleasure Is Priority\ " today " 
Sleek Vs Ghost . Or is it . Ghost Vs Sleek . either way this is top notch funny Corbin get at that nigga son son . poke em in the eyes . rip out his teeth . tear out his tounge . That nigga Ghost don't stand a < PROPMALE > 
Hungry I don't know whats being going on lately but my appetite has picked up tremendously 
A free world if you need me I am gonna go back into hibernation for a while hit me next season . I need time to get myself together . 
This shit is no longer for PLAY PLAY ou muthafuckers celebrating while shit getting real in the field This day just gets stressful by the minute 
Perfection is a myth made up by foolish people that can't accet there is no limit to their ablities . 
There are great things then theres Elle MrsException Boogie and < PROPFEMALE > Davila 
I have so many moms I can't tag em all but I wanna let < PROPFEMALE > Linnen < PROPFEMALE > Griffin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > I love ya and Thank ya for everything 
Nothing perfect so why risk a great thing 
Bored and need someone to Skype ........ someone hit me up anthony . linnen 
Fighting is well worth the reward as well as the risk because nothing comes easy in this life 
per·cep·tion\ 
a : a result of perceiving : observation ( see perceive ) \ 
b : a mental image : concept \ 
\ 
truth\ 
a : the body of real things , events , and facts\ 
b : the property ( as of a statement ) of being in accord with fact or reality\ 
You can perceive a lie and believe that lie to be true the embodiment of ignorance ..... I pray for sanctum . 
Time changes by the second . Never the minute or hour . 
Like it's my last if you gonna do it do it likes it's your last 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > Davila are like a ride on a roller coaster one second were high and the next were low but the ride always balances out in the end no matter what though win lose or draw she was great 
After I asked shes not online . < PROPFEMALE > Davila 
So tired Im confused 
I think I am the shit your opinions only comes second to that but her love comes before so I guess that would make me the second most important physical thing in my life 
Is it wrong for me to enjoys the wows of those people on FML.com they have helped my afternoon go by tremendously 
\Show Me A Good Time \"" 
Sometimes you understand things and sometimes you don't . I guess thats how it is in life . ( Just Keep Swimming ) 
Skyler Orr Was talking about balling I guess I should put this body through some type of physcial acitivty this weekend 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Equana < PROPMALE > 
We not even reading the same book so how you know what im talking bout 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for an hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones who will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? To honor those who have fought for or are fighting cancer . Hope to see this in your status soon 
Im more afriad of not living while I am alive then dying itself 
I feel like writing then recordingh what I write then feeding it to the public 
If yuo have problems with eye well I will fix that cataracts 
Wash this pain away ! Father in heaven keeps me where I need to be . Thank you GOD for another < PROPMALE > ! 
I am going to be who I want to be not who you tell me to be . I'm a free man and will live as such . As a free man I choose to live how I want to live and by whom rules I want to follow . My life is not your for the choosing . 
What you want Vs . What you need ! hands down that decision pisses me off more often then it doesn't 
GUESS WHO'S BACK GUESS WHO'S BACK GUESS WHO'S BACK GUESS WHO'S BACK yup myyyyyyyyy BFF 
I am so out of the loop I didn't even know yesterday was my last day to live . O well since the world has ended I wonder how long the pizza hut lines gonna be today 
So today is gonna be a good day ....... GOT A TOURNAMENT TO WIN ...... LET GO BLACK TALON . Skyler Orr < PROPFIRST > Payne < PROPMALE > Washington Rangel Dumarrii Solano-Camacho A.j. Hodge 
Time to head to the court 
Out to go ball in this tournament 
DAYUM THIS HURTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Go Hard or Go Home 
Yup about to wash my ass shower here I come 
< PROPFIRST > Vs Miami = your predictions 
Hypocritical much 
Hello ........... Good Morning 
If I fuck with you I fuck with you simple and and plan I say no problem then no problem Pimp can you do the same 
FUCK IM DUMB TIRED 
First the fat boys break up shakes my damn head\\ 
First think of an action second plan your movements thrid execute with efficiency 
Bored ........... This shit(vice versa ) smh 
Im 4 door luxary you a 2 door trash heap 
Everything I'm not made me everything I am 
I think Imma finish those 2 beats out tonight 
Give em what they really want and they are content . 
I can only account for my actions fuck you asking me about them for 
A sure thing My Exception 
My inspiriation for writing music is my admiration for the power of words 
I havent heard from this B.A.N < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in a while and I know we was suppose to making some transactions 
2 different worlds try and to form the perfect reality but clash like heaven and hell to create a purgitory how will the over come their current situation this and more to be continued 
Your my Cigeratte ..... 
Fistful Of Tears 
... my name is < PROPFIRST > Linnen . My BFF is the greatest that ever did it ... ooo , and I've just been H A C K E D ... 
All this 3D people eyes gonna fall the fuck out 
Miami SOUNDS KINDA QUIT TODAY < PROPMALE > Washington Skyler Orr 
SFCKeith Bowen&SSGJacob Washington have been been ducking myself & Skyler Orr from this ass whooping the want not recieve . Today @ 1715 please come out and watch them get embarrassed unless they duck out once again . Thank you 313 
Effin Excited you see that monster right there and whats under the hood is worse 
My eye is bothering me . Fuck thta I wanna ball . LOL 
Regrets are like pissing on yourself nobody feels it but you . Thats why I'm proud of everything I've done it made me who I am today . * Real Talk * 
Dumb fucking tired ( < O__o > ) FUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCK ! 
Just woke up So it's prep time 
2030-Shoot around\ 
2115-Watch comp\ 
2200-Game \ 
LETS GO 
And the verdict of that game came out to be a W 
I feel like I need some theme music ! 
Racism even stems into comic books Spider Man goes black and Americans lose thier mind 
Now I'm in between 2 worlds my own and this army shit . Need to get back to my own SOON 
Life always going to throw you a curve ball but I never stop swings for the fences . 
Thoughts early in the morning __________ BLANK 
Round way boi head bussa bumbaclot muhasucka . Come see whatitis den LOL GANGSTA ! LOL 
Funny thing about rappers they think they are 1 N a million but really were a million N 1 
To excited to rest 
Played one hell of a game one more hurdle to cross before we leave fellas Lets GO 
If being broke is a joke I never found it funny 
seen heaven seen hell 
Can't ask for a better life 
The Faintest of things can create the most lasting effects on some of the most appreciative people 
I've receieved exciting and big news but at the same time now I am back to my worrisomeness . It's a blessing though only one GOD himself allows . 
Heart Racing 
NP : Loud Nosies . ( That shit go in ) 
Can you say almoost home bitch thats how I'm feeling right now 
Vegas in March time share money to blow and I don't give fuck cause im young sounds like a perfect excuse to have a hangover moment who wanna come 
i'M BACK FOR THESE PUPPIES WITH THE POUND BOY 
How the fuck you come in our office and change the tv station .... These folks here SMFH . Thats your man < PROPMALE > Orellana 
DON't LET ME GET IN MY ZONE DON\T LET ME GET IN ZONE DON\ " T LET ME GET IN ZONE DON\ " T LET ME GET IN ZONE " 
Im fucking tired of afghanistan and while sitting here that hit hit me like a ton of bricks damn 
Those men and that Lesbo out there believe in you . HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA 
It's like a bunch of retards trying to hump a Door Knob out there HAHAHAHAHAHHA to effin funny 
I fucking hate idiots and everyday you remind me of that . LOL 
Joy is an essence of self reflection . The outside entities of this world are not what makes you happy . It's how you senses respond to this outside entities . You can not expect the people around you to bring you joy . If your not happy with your life bitch go kill yourself or do something to change . Don't bother us with your joyless life . 
It's been an entire year day in and day out through hell and high water and we as tight as the day we started this . How the fuck they gonna break that up ..... They CRA Elle < PROPFEMALE > Boogie & < PROPFIRST > Payne they don't understand how real we stand 
Spending Time with the BFF is always the BEST Elle < PROPFEMALE > Boogie 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > done lost her mind she her reporting the news to herself . mind you she the only one in her apartment but she named aleast three different reporters . LOL lord save her 
Monday hoop day . lord knows I need it 
Simply put NO ... LOL 
tired think imma follow in her lead and go to sleep 
All she knows .......... 
Blown I can't sleep :/ 
belly talking to me asking me why the fuck haven't you put any substance in me yet ... BITCH FEEEEEDDDD ME 
the perfect reality would be you waking up next to me 
From time to time I advocate domestic violence and during these times I am willing to slap a few of you bitches thats when I have to govern my mood and say Linnen don't slap this bitch if you do your gonna turn a temporary situation into a perminent one and we don't want that do we . */* 
Night Night 
Come on baby show me a good time 
the alternate route a long one but you ultimately end up in the same place 
Ask Elle < PROPFEMALE > Boogie bout that 5000 . 
^SHAKE SHAKE SHAKE^SHAKE SHAKE SHAKE^ SHAKE YOUR HOOOOODIE SHAKE YOUR HOOOODIE^ Elle < PROPFEMALE > Boogie < PROPFIRST > Payne LOL 
Can't believe that this is soon to be the past . Excitment isn't an accurate enough word for how I feel . 
With everything in me I constrain because If I don't I feel I will have shared my heart with you undesevering people 
I want a < PROPMALE > book and a got damn big screen = = = = = = BLOWN 
Yup Imma buy it and send it home big screen gaming is offically on deck 
I think I want to study deception leckage of the body language and facial experssions in the phsycology field 
My lil sister is growing up so got damn fast imma have to kill somebody pretty soon 
MY BACK IS KILLING ME 
Back still fucked up after taking some pain reliever gonna be a long one 
BROKE BACK IN LOVE CUDDLING LIKE A BITCH LOL 
Was hurting then in the home of the Terpin's 
Stop holding out bitch and give me everything you got 
Yea fuck them steelers HAHAHAHAH 
< PROPFIRST > DAY 
WE GOT A STATEMENT TO MAKE FUCK THEM STEELERS 
I need to get home to my family and watch football on this new 51\ screen YAAAAAMEAN " 
These mudasuckers running up in philly guts like a bad bitch taking Long < PROPMALE > 
I am loving this shit SHIT TALKING ALLLLLLLLDAY TOMORROW FUCK SHITSBURG 
GOOD WAY TO END A GAME IN THE 3Rd Quarter LETS GO RAVENS 
SO SAD YOU GETTING YOUR ASS WHOOOMPPPED ON BUT YOU RESORT TO VIOLENCE 
I remember when lil WEBB would get embarrassed down the field bitch acting like he want to stay in the town now ..... KNOW WHAT I'm TALKING BOUT 
THEY JUST STUCK THE INDEX FINGER IN THE STEELERS BUT HOLE LOL 
THE TWIRLED IT AROUND LIKE YJEU WAS CHECKING THEIR PROSTATE 
PUT YOUR FOOT ON THEIR FUCKING NECK 
Heading back to the to the bhut . Thats how you whip on om some ass . AYE BITCHBURG GOOODNIGHT . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH BITCHES . I can't wait to come home to really enjoy the football season . 
Pretty much ...... I not for this shit anymore ...... 
Is it weird that I wanna talk to her daughter . I think it is but shes adoarbale . A well 
Outta My Head 
I am straving < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > where are my eggs samichs at 
<<<<<<<<<<<< STARVING 
I can say that ..... with the move and the new unit we have spent more time as a unit then ever LOL ..... CRAZY HOW SHIT WORK < STILL DON\T TRUST YOU FUCKERS LOL " 
Officaly bout getting money up ...... Grind Time 
I all for the good samaritan thing but until you make over 8 million $ and give it away to < PROPFEMALE > I tired of you middle class people bitching .... How about you go make that much and give it away then I want t hear what the fuck you gotta say . 
Back in my own feelings again ..... * SIGHS * 
all i got is a $ and a dream 
There nothing in the world like family hell and high water done seen and been through it all together and I appreciate them more then anything ..... Ya been my back since the days of peppermint lunchs ... Blood don't make family BONDS do .... LOVE YA MAN 
I hate this fucking number game and you bitches are back at it agian .... SMH the world !!!!!!!!!! LAME 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue .... That I got no choice but to excercise 
The best part about life ..... It's not about what has happened to you .... It's about what your going to make happen next . 
Just beat GoW3 I like how it ended put the story together 
Remember player respect ain't given it's earned ... Believe that 
Goodnight nigga 
Who can be mad with such a short time on the clock 
Really need to be home at this moment to much shit in so short of a time 
Fuck ya at when a nigga need you 
if it ain't one things it's another .... Crazy . 
He will not slip or lose a grip he got clets on em 
It''s been a hell of a night sleep you have lost my friend you have lost 
Wanna play for a stack ight bet let do that then 
Fucking tired of sprint this might be the last got damn straw 
This lady customer service just saved sprint ass ... I love you customer service rep I love you who takes yur job seriously for those of us who pay the company you work for I love you 
I ain't to proud to tell sometimes I cry sometimes about it .... We'll be home soon :))) 
Nice guy with a mean flow ..... SEE YOU SOON .... Through customs 
I love it when you give me head I hate it when you give me headaches !!!!!! 
What you know about appreciation ??? 
Pledge Allegiance to the swag .... Back on my state shit .... State your name !!! 
Bye bye Sprint ..... BITCHES 
Back state side feeling and it feels good alright alright ...... alrightttttyyyyyyy 
Afghanistan time one gotta be implanted fuck am I doing up this early ...... BLOWN 
Getting ready for this got damn med brief 
up yet again 
Know what I want some fucking crabs it is still the season you know 
Rise and shine < PROPFEMALE > I been up since 2 Got damnnit 
what we gonna do today not a got damn thing but sit around and wait Bullshit 
Ugh O niggas made it past 9 tonight i think we readjusting 
Life is nothing but a dream for me 
This bitch just wasted 15 minutes of my life ... Fuck wrong with him 
Im gonna burn one down burn one down I'm going burn one down-Styles P 
I got something Big coming real soon 
They say time is money but really its not cause when you go broke time is all that you got-J . < PROPMALE > 
Standing ovation 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for the folks who know 
Trying to get back 
Stick to the bread and butter and run that peel 
Been great think imma lay down though 
My mind is here and my eyes are there ..... maybe I should think this through 
I am an active person .... which means if I don't answer its cause I am busy . Nothing more nothing less 
I feel like they suckered me into this ..... all these kids 
I am fortunate for my family without them I dont know where I would be 
I need to see some by the name of short stackz it's been a week Elle < PROPFEMALE > Boogie think imma have to make a trip out there tomorrow 
Appreciate everything life offers or loss everything you take for granite 
Now I have fucking COUGH THANKS E FUCKING LOT ...... 
Attention everyone I would like to welcome the newest member to < PROPMALE > World < PROPFEMALE > Perez lol 
I luv my sister . She tells me the truth . Lol ! She just called me a whore . Am I a whore fb ? 
Ok moving on from Taeleya Sugar < PROPFIRST > tomfuckery of last night I what am I about to get myself into right now 
Alot bitches think their butt is a meal ticket but once a nigga catch a nut bet he feel different-Wale 
Funny thing is the offense is fine mistakes yes but none the less when < PROPFIRST > Evans plays he adds speed to the receiving core which is why the offense is so differentg from game 1 long ... So its ok in the end 
Its funny because fans are so iffy 
I gotta give it to Boldin he a fucking goon . Lol 
That was a fucked up call .... interfence naw 
No games out for the count 
