Please keep me in your prayers during the next few weeks . My doctor is sending me to have a MRI on my brain . There is a possibility that I'm heading towards a stroke or even currently having mini strokes . Plus , he is sending me to the cardiologist to d 

MRI turned out fine ... next step is the cardiologist 
I had an exam yesterday with the cardiologist ... On Wednesday I have to be hooked up to a halter monitor for 24 hours to see if it can pick up the palpatations , then on Friday I will have a stress test done ... They also need to check my vasular system in 
I also have to find an outlet for my stress ... such as working out ( yuck ) ... 
I'm single now :-( 
OMG in less then a month i will be 40 ( october 1st ) ... thank God I don't look it LOL ... I'm kinda of freaking out 
SINGLE AGAIN !!! :-) 
17 days and counting down to my 40th ... :-( and now single after 3-1/2 years makes it that much worse ... pitty party :-) 
As long as I have Him in my life I will never be alone and will always be loved :-) 
Excited to get my hair chopped off tomorrow .... I'm getting about 9 inches cut off and it will still be past my shoulders .... thinking about dying my hair too ( gotta cover the gray ) , just don't know what shade of red I want to go .... 
Well I got 11 inches of my hair cut off and it's still about 6 inches past my shoulders , plus I have bangs now which I have not had in 20 years .... Friends have told me that I look younger YEAH !!! anything to help me not look my age is a good thing , not that I ever did anyway ( good genes ) .... Tomorrow I'm coloring my hair dark mahogany brown with dark red highlights 
If no one knew me , they would think I'm making drastic changes in my apperance since my 40th birthday is in only 11 days ... :-( Like most women who come out of a long term relationship and kept our hair long for him , the first thing we do is chop it off .... The funny thing is that < PROPFIRST > ( ex-boyfriend ) likes it LMAO 
Very tired but can't sleep .... Thinking about work too much 
I cannot believe I am going to be 40 tomorrow !!!!! 
I had a great 40th birthday .... my co-worker decorated my desk with the usual over the hill decorations and took me out to lunch ... my ex-boyfriends & his parents took me out to dinner .... on Sunday I will celebrate my birthday with the family when < PROPFEMALE > comes home from college ... 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !!!! 
good night all 
going to bed , i'm exhausted .... oh well putting off paying bills till tomorrow :-) 
I am going to bed early .... Not feeling too good .... The rain is really bothering my asthma ... I will probably go to the hospital this weekend if it doesn't get any better :-( 
Can't sleep .... I'm feeling like crap 
OMG < PROPFIRST > Lambert is HOT !!! 
i just purchased < PROPFIRST > Lamberts new single on line .... LOVE IT !!! 
I had a great day shopping with my daughter 
I cannot believe my beautiful daughter is going to be 20 in less then a month .... God I'm getting old :-) 
well off to bed .... very long 11 hour day tomorrow at work due to required OT 
I received a promotion at work today to a team manager !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm so excited . 
I found out what my new job title will be .... Assistant Vice President Fulfillment Team Leader ... sounds impressive :-) 
TODAY IS STEPHANIE'S 20TH BIRTHDAY !!!!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WprRGaOoL00&feature=player_embedded 
height = \385 \"></ embed ></ object > " 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom ! ? I love my Mom !!!! And thanks for everything you do or did whether your here or your not , I am the luckiest person in the world to have a great mom !!!! 
FACEBOOKERS fb is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy & repost ( It's really there ) " 
i'm tired of doing research on vehicles i'm interested in purchasing tomorrow !!! i have to buy 2 , new for me and used for steph . 
well back to searching for a car for my daughter 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Lambert on Much Music Video Awards on Fuse Channel ... awesome performance as usual :-) 
Playing with my new droid cell phone . Its pretty awesome 
Ugh I'm getting sick !!! 
Feeling like crap this morning 
I cannot believe it's been over a month since I began the new medication to get my allergies & asthma under control with AMAZING success . I use to have to take 2 or more breathing treatments per day . I have only taken 2 in over a months time . I feel like a new person !!!! I'm able to do things I haven't done in years . :-) My new allergy/asthma doctor is wonderful !!!! 
Oh yeah .... Day 1 starting tomorrow of no smoking 
YEAH Day 1 of no smoking has been a success . The only semi difficult times were when I normally would have a cigarette at home . I kind of didn't know what to do with myself for a little bit . 
Day 2 no smoking !!! I feel a little lost during times I would normally smoke , like after eating . To help me be more successful , I've chosen not to be around anyone that's smoking . If I can get to 1 month I know I can quit forever . :-) 
ONE WEEK NO SMOKING AND I HAVEN'T BITTEN ANYONE'S HEAD OFF ( YET) !!!!! 
13 days NO smoking !!!! 
14 days no smoking !!! I'm no longer feeling lost during those times I would normally smoke at home . 
18 days no smoking !!! I don't even think about it much anymore . I'm only concerned about when I take my staycation next month and will be home for 11 days with too much time on my hands . 
20 days no smoking !!! yeah for me :-) 
I cannot believe it's been 29 days since I've had a cigarette . 
YEAH 1 MONTH NO SMOKING !!!!! 
5 weeks still NOT smoking !!! 
6 weeks still NOT smoking !!! I've saved approximately $256.00 so far , along with my emphysema not getting worse , which of course is priceless . 
http://www.youtube.com/user/darknessislight91607?blend=2&ob=4 
7 weeks still no smoking .... today was difficult due to the amount of stress at work but i stayed strong and didn't give in :-) 
17 days until I'm 41 and still single :-( 
Thanks to all that wished me a happy birthday ! 
67 days without a cigarette = $402 savings YEAH !!! It was easier to quit smoking then I ever thought it would be . 
I cannot believe I quit smoking almost 3 months ago and don't have any cravings :-) 
Its now been over 4 months since I've had a cigarette . I still cannot believe I quit . I never thought I would . 
I can't wait for the doctors to figure out what's wrong with me !!! The entire left side of my body tingles more often then not , sensation less , metallic taste , pain in my wrists , ankles , feet and legs , fluttering of the heart , chest pain , purple legs when standing too long and sometimes purple arms , frequent headaches 
Also I've never had blood pressure issues and now I do . I've always been 120 over 69 and now its gone as high as 191 over 89 . I've been put on high blood pressure pills that aren't helping . I go for an angeogram on the 13th . They have ruled out R.A. and possibly P.A.D. but still aren't 100% sure . 
I am pretty sore after having the angiogram this morning and its not as bad as I thought it would be , thank God ! The doctor didn't find anything wrong with my heart ( YEAH) !!! Which also means they still don't know what's wrong with me . :-( 
Happy Holidays everyone !!! 
I NOW HAVE 6 MONTHS UNDER MY BELT OF BEING A NON-SMOKER !!!!! I never thought I could do it . I had been told that I would always crave a ciggy , even years later and I can say that I don't crave it , but I do miss the social part of smoking . :-) 
