just got this thing set up 

happy 4th everyone :) hope it was a good one 
I was just wondering did anyone else notice that at graduation I went the wrong way off stage ? I took a detour through the back , typical < PROPMALE > , always gotta be difficult lol 
got my wisdom teeth pulled out today , and ley me just tell you how fun that was , I'm strung up on all sorts of pain killers and i still hurt , this is the only time when being super fit is a disadvantage 
I gave flowers to random strangers to day down town , spreading smiles is good < PROPFEMALE > 
BTW , guys , < PROPMALE > potter sucked , it was more like < PROPMALE > Potter and the Half it was nothing like the book , and the entertainment factore was okay , but me being a super HP nerd , this movie bothered me , the worst let down by far 
loves RuPaul !!!! in the words of my favorite < PROPFEMALE > \May the Fierce be with you ! \ " hahaha ! night all :) " 
AP scores are in ! 
UNF orientation tomorrow ! 
certainly my name is < PROPMALE > , but what’s in a name ? if a < PROPFEMALE > s where called daffodils would we love them just the same ? What is it to be a < PROPFEMALE > ? To be red and luscious ? Would not that discredit the pink or yellow < PROPFEMALE > , or the dainty frailness of a wild 
These past couple of days were GREAT ! but I'm kinda sad it's over :( 
is falling deeper into it by the second :( 
had an amazing dream last night about oranges , I woke up and I swear I could smell them ! 
Tour de Pain ..... TOMORROW !!! AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! I think I'm gonna be sick Xp , what have I DONE ! 
Tour de PAIN starts today at 5 , and I'm NERVOUS !!!!! anyone going ? or want to go with me to calm my nerves ? I'm Still sore :( 
is Feeling masochistic , one more race in the Tour de PAIN !!!! The mile scorcher :) down town in peak heat , gun time , 4:30 pm by the landing , this last race'll be a FAST one , very fun to watch if anyone happens to be near the landing at the time ! 
survived the Tour , I didn't do as well as I typicaly do , I came in 7th in my devision and 49th over all . I ran the mile in 5:3 ? ~ not too bad , the 5K in 19:22 ~ kinda bad , and the four mile .... it was REALLY bad , it killed my score . Had I not been sore , had I not skrewed myself up in the beggining , I wouldn't've taken first .... probably 3rd . I know my competition well and I can say with confidence I run with the best :) 
is going to miss seeing everyone , best of luck to you all on your college adventures :) Mine doesn't start for another week or so , I can't WAIT ! 
hope everyone's settling on in their dorms okay ! 
I'm trying to get the modivation to go work out , but it's all gross outside !!! XP 
COLLEGE TOMORROW !!!! SO NERVOUS !! :) 
I hope UNF is nice to their freshmen ! 
First day of college was great ! favorite class : Philosophy :) 
has lots of free time after 10:40 tomorrow , text/call me and let me know what's up and we can chill , otherwise I'm out 
I'm thinking about changing my < PROPMALE > to psychology . I've been doing some deep thinking and reflection . I think that it really is the right way to go , but after that I'm not so sure , what branch of psych ? There's < PROPFEMALE > much , I really don't know , I want to practice expresion therapy , but wouldn't that make me a therapist rather than a psychologist ? Does anyone have any idea how to get in touch with Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > ? 
does anyone know how to get in contact with Ms. < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I ran with a DEER !!!! it was only for a few steps , but STILLL !!! XD I heard they're the second fastest animal in the world 
did anone watch project runway last night and go WTF is THIS crap ? she looked like letus that someone threw up all over ! 
< PROPFEMALE > introduced me to < PROPMALE > and Garfunkel today and I'm totaly hooked ! lol 
ran into Ms Newman today , she seemed to be doing pretty well :) 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! 
usualy on my B day I'm really depressed , I stoped celebrating it on my 11th 
is < PROPFEMALE > tired ! hmm , think I'll go for an 8 mile run , that'll wake me up ! 
how do you post a blog on this ? if you're interested in philosophy , logic , or just want something interesting to think about , you should check out my new myspace blog , I with deductive reasoning I may have disproved rencarnation and might have found the end of the world I wanna know what people think and believe about this , 
hates his english class , it's full of all kinds of stupid . 
hearts are weird ! 
today was the last day of summer . 
anyone going to the thing at unf tonight ? 
so , who's going to to the FCHS homecoming thing ? 
why do people have such a problem with nudity ? We all have bodies and we all have to get naked some time , that's how god made us all origonaly :P lol at losers ! :) 
I'm DREADING tomorrow's math test , wish me luck , think I'm gonna need a little more than a miracle : ( 
finished the math homework XP ' now I have to go to bed , wake up early and study my butt off for the test :( stupid math ! well , goodnight 
TOMORROW ! running the first half marathon of the season ! Didn't really train for this one so we'll see how it goes :P this is the first race in the tri 2 be tuff challenge , wish me luck ! 
is still the best on the north side ! took first in my age group and beat a whole bunch of marines to the finish without even trying , so I'm happy :) 1:35 was my time , not my best , but better than I thought I'd do ! 
O yeah , did I mention it was a half marathon ? 13.1 < PROPMALE > . The bridges were KILLER ! you never realize how much of an incline and height those things have untill you run up them :P I'm a little tired . 
I'm SORE ?!?! this NEVER happens ! < PROPMALE > Hawkins doesn't EVER get sore ! I was fine yeterday , but all the sudden it's like I'm the tin man , if I stay still for too long I get all < PROPMALE > at the joints :P Every movement is an intensive effort ! this is what I get for not training as hard as I should've before the race 
BIO is cancelled ! WOOO HOO ! but ... I still have lab , and a lab report due :P 
had an awful day , and has a sinking feeling not even running could cure 
I Sprained my ankle D: what am I going to DO !!! This sucks , I have a marathon and a half marathon to train for !, I have a 10 mile race in 2 weeks ! 
I hope to dream of running and wake up tired , because that's the only running I can do for a little while , be mad at my ankle with me 
I CAN RUN AGAIN !!!! XD 
I was charged upon by thesbians weilding plastic swords screaming shakespear while on my way to class .... this , is my life ... I attract the strangest foms of random weirdness . 
has a ton of HW but can't focus any more , going for a run :) 
where did the day go ? : ( 
got that one song by spear head stuck in my head , it's catchy :) 
goodnight :) 
Homework time ! EW !!! 
were's the boy in the metalic mushroom balloon thing ? I hope he didn't fall out ! 
I'm having to write a papper on childhood obesity and weather or not the parents should be held accountable , this essay sucks . 
Good luck tomorrow swimmers ! 
tomorrow , going for a +20 mile run . Why ? because I'm < PROPMALE > and that's what I do :) If you see me be sure and honk ! give me a shout ! If I don't wave it's because I'm tired and trying to conserve energy , but the encouragement is greatly apreciated out there 
went for 21 < PROPMALE > today nonstop and I'm exausted ! I hurt all over , but its a good kinda pian . I've ever laughed so much on a run before , I think it was the runners high :P 
what a beautiful day ! 
writing a paper on the taliban XP I wanted to do communism ! 
I just baked a cake ! :) 
just finished the papper I had to write for english , now only 2 more papers to go ! Biology isn't too bad though :) and in the true spirit of procrastionation , it can wait untill tomorrow ! my body hurts in strange places so I'm gonna streach and then go to bed , goodnight all . 
PEOPLE IN THE FIRST COAST AREA ! : last night in ashford wood someone broke into my neighbors cars , PLEASE go out to your car , bring in your purse or at least hide it , and lock your car doors . 
PEOPLE IN THE FIRST COAST AREA ! : last night in ashford wood someone broke into my neighbors cars , PLEASE go out to your car , bring in your purse or at least hide it , and lock your car doors . 
all this Home Work ! really ? 
I FINISHED !!! lol Ashten 
just got back from a great run , it's such a beautiful day ! Too bad I have to spend most of it inside doing homework and studying 
goodnight all ! 
Hit'n the books hard ! got the classical music going and everything . Bio midterm tomorrow XP ' 
think I'm done study'n , gonna do pretty well on that bio test ! :) 
going to bed , test tomorrow ! 
I HATE MATH !!!!! 
I'm coverd in Sugar ! working the cotton < PROPFEMALE > booth was painful ! who knew pink fluffy stuff could cause so much aggony ? 
10 MILE PUMPKIN RUN TOMORROW ! I'm expecting to take 1st place this year , they can't mess up my race chip this time :P ' wish me luck ! 
gun time : 8:00 am , 10 < PROPMALE > , shooting for a time of 1:05 - 1:00 
Race resuts for the 10 mile Pumpkin run , 1st place , < PROPMALE > Hawkins 1:03 . even with all the obsticles I faced . 
Math Homework , XP ' BOOOOO !!! 
sleep now , run tomorrow , then Bio , lab and another run :P it never ends 
SHE'S A LIZZARD !!! AAAHHHH !!!! -V 
A challenge ... Post a thankful status everyday for the entire month until Thanksgiving . Be specific . Get creative . Watch your spirits soar ! Cut and paste this to your status .... and share your thankful heart with all your friends . ( stolen from my friend Mrs. Dormans page .. thank you ! ) , 
I'm thankful for moving to jacksonville , today is the 4th year I've lived here . if I hadn't moved here my life would've been so different . 
today I'm thankful for the extra credit quiz in biology 
writing a paper on genetic engeneering . I somehow got on to the subject of circumcision and male genital mutilation , I'm off topic and annoyed 
just did the math and realized I will never reach that godly glorious millionth mile , it would take me about 336 years running 8 < PROPMALE > every day . damn mortalitly . If only I could achieve that distance in one life time .... my dreams aren't totaly broken , I can still try , I am < PROPMALE > after all :P 
Today I am espesialy thankful for laughter :) 
today I am thankful for my friend Ally , today was awsome :) 
today I am thankful for the girls in my english class that were on my debate team ! we won and got 3 extra credit points ! YAY ! 
today I am thankful for drivers willing to share the road with runners in areas where there is no sidewalk . went on a long run today , I'm really tired . 
today I am thankful for the free samples of starbucks at target :) yummm 
is sad that the sun is going to rise in about seven hours 
Just registered for the Outback Distance Classic , the Jacksonville Bank Marathon , and the Tri-2B-Tuff challenge 2009 ! I'm gonna own , shooting for first place in all three this year , haven't came in less than 1st place since I turned 19 , I think this is gonna be one of my best years ! I did the math , I'm already in the lead for the jacksonville grand prix ! I wish they would update their data though , 
tonight I am thankful for cool weather because it brings fast runs along with it :) 
went out and got a GIANT sketch pad and charcoals !!!! it's gonna be FUN ! 
hope the drag show was fun ! I couldn't make it , I had family obligations , but I'm sure I'll hear all about it :) 
tonight I am thankful for family game night :) 
today I am thankful for chickens and eggs .... and leftover lo mein noodles :) 
Is writing an esay on genetic engineering , and it came all to obvious to me , what of animal rights ? concider the hypothetical cow that gave birth to monkey twins . if you were that cow , how would you feel ? cows are none too bright but I can imagine I'd be a little confused if I was that cow ! although a cow has not yet given birth to monkeys , the tech is out there , genetic engeneering is freaky fascinating stuff . 
this protien shake makes me feel sick , really thristy , and it tastes something awful but I'll whither and die without it , I basicly live off of trail mix , pringles stix , and protien shakes :P 
think this will make my ENC Professor lol ? an excerpt from my essay on genetic engeneering : Just because we have the ability to make a cloned cow give birth to twin mutant monkey jellyfish hybrids doesn’t mean we should do it . Cows are animals none to bright but consider the confusion of the cloned bovine on giving birth to such a thing . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works 
I just found out that there was a suspicous white < PROPFIRST > seen by crestwick , near first coast high about 2 weeks ago trying to get a little girl at a bus stop to get in the < PROPFIRST > with them , I am warning everyone who has kids or little bothers and sisters , there was no letter or anything sent home by the school so not many people know about this . 
I\m not sleeping tonight :( " 
just finished his final anthology for ethics ! :) 
jus finished registering for classes , it was awful ! 
school tomorrow for me XP only one of my teachers had the sense to not hold class 
FREAKING OUT about tomorrows race , I can hear the cannon fire , my stomach is in knots ! >_< 
gun time : 8:00 am . distance : 13.1 < PROPMALE > ! I'm off to bed ! I let you all know how it goes ! XD < PROPFEMALE > excited !!! 
this morning I ran the outback distance classic half marathon and set a new personal record of 1:28 . hard core competition this year though , came in 3rd :P Last year I took second with a time of 1:33 . o well , can't win them all ! :) HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE ! 
The movie 2012 was stupid . It was a movie with an agenda for sure . Not worth your time , trust me . 
I go . run now . BYE ! ^_^ 
I hate writing essays about stupid stuf XP 
on top of playing parent for the day , I ran 16 < PROPMALE > , made dinner , and did 3 pages of awful math homework . I own . 
About to take my english final , wish me luck ! 
just finished my last online math quiz ! 
made an A overall in english composition . than you Ms. Hicks ! <3 tomorrow I have a final in boilogy , wish me luck ! 
last final tomorrow ! YAY ! it's also the hardest though :( wish me luck ! I'm gonna need it 
Wants to know who was that in the red car . they passed me , honked , I waved . I turn and keep running , I saw them again a few moments later , they parked and waited for me to pass an 1/8 of a mile up the road , watching me the whole time . I passed and they rolled down their window to talk to me , I didn't recognize them , so I smiled , waved and RAN FASTER ! keep in mind this was my 14th mile so ... 
the ING Jacksonvill Bank Marathon is in 6 days ! that's only 3 training days ! O NO !! 
the things I do for running :P ' this morning I got up at 4 AM and completley de-haired . my legs feel weird . is this how dolphins feel ? I miss my chest fuzz , but I'm willing to sacrifice if it will get me a faster time on the 26.2 mile run I have tomorrow , wish me luck ! I'm SOOO nervous ! 
marathon results : I took 1st in my age group with a time of 3:26 . I can bearly stay awake and my body hurts but I'm happy . when I crossed the finish line I didn't know whether to laugh or cry , so I did both X'D 
Dad come home from deployment for the holidays ! YAY ! and for christmas he gave the entire family a terrable head cold ..... thanks dad 
cleaning ! determined to start with a clean room for 2010 :) the Vystar Gator Bowl 5K is tomorow but my legs are shot , this race is just for fun 
cleaning my room for the new year I ran across old notes between me and a couple of old friends lost loves and ect . it was bitterly depressing . a few moments later I find my shorty short running shorts and under that a PILE of mostly 1st place awards for running , it made me laugh SOOO hard , talk about emotional whiplash right ? 
Last night was Crazy ! some good , some bad , but all in fun . Happy new year every one :) 
My Top 5 New Years Resolutions : \ 
1 . Go to the gym regularly . Everyone that works there will know my name . \ 
2 . Start swimming . begin triathlon training . \ 
3 . Be more than just \pretty good\ " in school . focus and be more applied . \ 
There's rumor of a girl who runs 20 < PROPMALE > a day and can run a mile in 4:00 flat in my sex/race class . she's so unreal she's almost mythical . To me , running with her would be the equivelent of confirming the existance of unicorns . I must meet her . 
Pssshh You Don't Even Know !.... DopeHatt < PROPFEMALE > , DopeHatt . <3 lmao ! ILY ! 
Adventure tomorrow ! Metro ! yay ! 
Metro adventure tonight ! 
killing the time before the adventure 
OMG that was FUN ! next weekend is gonna be even betta ! 
excited about tomorrow !!! YAY !!! 
another interesting night :P what an adventure ! <3 
HEEEYY ALL ! what a beautiful day for a run ! <3 tonights gonna be another great night , I can feel it ! 
I'm feeling very < PROPFIRST > Gray . Another GREAT night full of unexpected adventure . It's fascinating what one is capable of doing . I've learned a lot about myself this weekend , but it's not yet over , lets see what tomorrow brings <3 
today , I was stalked by border patroll , NO LIE !! I was out on a long run and they decided to follow me , on the last streach of the industiral loop , around mile 15 they pulled up next to me and the man driving asked me how far I run , it amused me to see his shock and amazment . really nice guy . 
AM I REALLY A BAD INFLUENCE ?!? 
Back up to running 13 < PROPMALE > a day ! Gonna be ace for the 26.2 with < PROPFEMALE > . I'm shooting to break 3:00 and maybe set the state age group record for 2010 ! 
Psychophysics/ human sensory perception is facinating but very difficult to wrap your head around at times , this is only week 3 ! 
ADVENTURE !!!! XD 
rest day ! no running today ! hitt'n the metro later if anyone's interested :) 
SALAD FINGERS !!! XD 
irun long time now bye ! <3 
Number of churches I counted on my 25 mile run : 13 . 
feeling really bleh right now :( I wish the sun was out . 
went for run and I feel much better now :) bring on the weekend ! 
My mind just exploded ! NO LIE ! I can't yet put into words the mind warping reality of the things that I have learned in such a short time period . Visual perception is a complete lie , a fabrication of backwards flowing memories and light frequenceies ..... most of what you see isn't sight , it's memory of sight ... yeah ... WOW !! XD 
pain is just weakness leaving the body <3 I'm sore 
just finished my sex race class article report thing ! YAY !! 
Finished my brilliant paper on that stupid book , now I can rest <3 
last night ... Rocky Horror Live , Metro , shorty shorts , strip contest , red fishnets , hot dancing . Tonight ... Round 2 , who's in ? XD 
Metro tonight ! ROUND 2 ! XD join me if your interested and able ! 
tonight was AWSOME <3 
Who runs practie marathons ?... I do !!!! Going for the 13 churches route today , maybe add a few more < PROPMALE > in and go for 30 . if you see me you best be sure to honk or something XD 
every ten thousand < PROPMALE > I run , I make a wish :) 
Amature Strip Contest ! TONIGHT ! 12:30 ish at the METRO ! come cheer my friend < PROPFIRST > and I on as loudly and obnoxiously as possible ! XD Tonight we compete for cash and a < PROPMALE > to win a photo shoot for play girl ! Hope to see you there ;) 
Just heard about the olympic louger from < PROPFEMALE > . really wish the media would've had the decencey not to show that video . Cant even imagine . At a loss for words . 
10 mile beach run tomorrow , just finished carbo loading :) wish me luck ! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s day <3 
10 mile Winter Beach Run . Gun Time : 2:00 pm . Estimated Finish Time : 2:50 - 3:10 . SUPER EXCITED ! XD I love that I can still get this worked up over a race <3 
YAY ! 
is like stupid tired and doesn't even know why . Beware of purple squirrels . 
freaking out about the 26.2 with < PROPFEMALE > on Sunday ! 2 more days to go >_< 
wants to go to the Masquerade Ball , but can't risk ruining thousands of < PROPMALE > of training runs for 1 night of fun :( 
26.2 with < PROPFEMALE > Marathon to Finish Breast Cancer . Racer Number : 53 , < PROPMALE > Hawkins . Gun time : 7:30 am . Expected Finish Time : 10:20 - 11:00 . look for me on the live feed of the race at first coast news coverage online . tomorrow's the BIG day goodnight all ! thanks for the support ! 
Took first place in the 26.2 with < PROPFEMALE > National Marathon to finish Breast Cancer for the SECOND year in a row . I was the 43 person overall to cross the finishline with an official Boston marathon qualifying finishing chip time of 3 : 06:59 this is a BOSTON MARATHON QUALIFYING TIME . I qualified for the Boston Marathon for the first time at age 19 . I can't even believe it .... 
listening to classical music and brushing up on my exp . psych . I feel sooo ... brainy ! :) exam1 I got a 100 , lets see how I fair tomorrow on exam2 . 
another race tomorrow ! Orteaga River Run , this one is only 5 < PROPMALE > though , it'll be an easy one , that is IF it warms up in time and the winds behave themselves :) 
Hitt'n the metro tonight ! Lesbo-A-gogo tonight ! + strip contest ! 
had quite a day , but it could've been a lot worse ! Thanks Mrs. Dorman ! :) -she saved me- 
I <3 beachness 
Tomorrow I run in the Gate River Run 15K National championship , the largest 15K in the US . Gun time is 8:30 AM expected finish time around 9:30 am or sooner . Weather's supposed to be wet and < PROPFEMALE > :P FUN ! Good luck first time runners ! look for people you know running in the race on the TV in the morning :) what a great way to start spring break ! 
Race results are up , 278th out of 13340 + runners , not too bad :) the gate is always an ego crusher , 24th in age grouping with a time of 1:01 . only 1 person that beat me was from jax , the rest were from .... Michigan ??? I don't get it . so random ! I could understand California , but ... Michigan ? IDK , but < PROPFIRST > pushed me through the last streach of the race , together we defeated the Green monster :) 
Just not feel'n it right now :( maybe I can run it off 
I have no idea what I'm doing tonight 
getting ready to GO ! 
last night was some kind of crazy :P 
got a hair cut , the oil changed in the truck , and had an awsome day with < PROPFEMALE > <3 such adventures we have lol it's the little things :) 
St. Patties Day 10K , I took 1st place for the 3rd year in a row . I dominated :) The Hawkins boys cleaned house today ! little brothers took 2nd and 3rd in their individual age groups for the 5K , SOOOO Proud of Them ! XD 
iRun now :) 
Is now Coach < PROPMALE > , or Coach D . Haven't decided which one I like better :) 
coaching went well today :) I worked those kids out hard , they're gonna HATE me tomorrow , they're gonna be SOOOO sore lol . I don't think they've ever worked out that hard before . Hopefuly we'll start seeing some real results in a week or two . I believe they have a hope of being as good as mandarin in the future . I see potential , I just have to help build them up a little . 
I wanna go for a walk in the < PROPMALE > , take a stroll on the north side < PROPMALE > trails ( I do walk ... sometimes ) , it's SOOO beautiful out , but I have STUPID homework XP ' 
I'm feeling a bit under the weather and I have a test tomorrow :( not good . 
sittups + sneezing = smacking your head on the ground at high velocity :P 
Feeling ... caustic after the biphobia pannel , I think it was the adventure cheese 
WOW ! what an ADVENTURE ! who knew walmart could be < PROPFEMALE > FUN ! XD 
so how did I close out easter ? spending time with family watching The Orphan lol 
today on my run I was attacked by the trees and almost caused a wreck with my shorty shorts for like the third time . People should really pay more attention to the road :P hit the gym yesterday and today it hit me back . 
am I feeling it tonight ? IDK 
I survived ? wow ... 
I regret nothing . live and learn . 
EW ! They're too licky !!! -quote of the night , < PROPFIRST > Richards lmao <3 
hit the gym today , not as tired as I should be :( 
I wanna RUN !!!! but I have soooo many other things to do :( 
Race tomorrow ! Run to the Sun 8k . Gun time 8:00 am . Never ran this one before , should be fun ! wish me luck :) 
MY TRUCK IS SICK !!! DX the dealer I bought it from tried to hide a leaky radiator by filling it up with stop leak , wich causes massive rust . when the mechanic opend it , it was like my truck was throwing up chunky pumpkin pudding . the rust spread and caused all sorts of trouble in the engine , all this because he was a dishonest cheap used up < PROPMALE > bag and didnt want to invest in the 200$ to get a new radiator tank . 
I have my truck back , and I am happy . All is right :) 
will refrain from promiscuity on this night . 
One day , London Marathon ... I will defeat you . 
wonders ... where is a good place to go and get piercings done ? any sugestions , people to reffer me to ? 
DONE !!!!! No more finals ! I am done with school untill may 10th , summer session starts :) 
ran at least 16+ < PROPMALE > on the beach , from the mayport rocks to jax beaches 1st street and back . I was stoped buy a gaurd with a BIG gun and a smile on returning to the totaly vacant mayport beach . At the end of my run I striped to my shorty shorts and threw myself into the ocean as it started to rain and my footprints washed away . The pure sensation of it all was AMAZING . 
had quite an adventure X ) 
might have met a very interesting person tonight :) 
middle school track devisionals today , wish my boys good luck ! 
motor cycles flying through clouds and fire flys , all under a melting < PROPFEMALE > . I had a great night :) adventure . 
CLASS TOMORROW ! 9-12 don't think I'm ready for this just yet , but o well 
had a very good day/night :) :) 
had a great night , more fire flies :) 
have a social/evolutionary psych midterm tomorow , YAY !! XP ' 
I am sneaky sneaky ... you can't catch me cause I am the gingerbread man . Muah ha ha ha ha haaaaaaaa . Tip of the day ... Aaron , my wonderful man , is pure hottness !!! 
this sssshhhh is bananas ! B-A-N-A-N-A-S !!! 
pies race tomorrow ! a GREAT way to celebrate our 1 month :) 
today I cut hair , tomorrow ... who knows ? lol 
metro adventure tomorrow ! anyone is welcome to join :) 
didn't really do much today , but didn't really need to . Had a good time :) goodnight world 
is back from his travels , and let me say it is GREAT to be home :) 
Has plantar fasciitis :'( basically means I have overworked myself in bad shoes that caused bad form , and now I can't run for 4 weeks to a year . I am very upset by this , running is my life , but it hurts to even walk . I've been in a funk since I faced the reality of it on Saturday . I apologize if I seem a little short in temperament . 
wants to run soooo bad right now ! Not running is killing me . I tell myself that if i run it will only get worse , but this is taking a lot of will power . I hope this never gets easy :'( 
got a Strassburg night splint today , I'm willing to try just about anything that will hasten my recovery , I hope this works . 
I'm so tempted to run right now . The thought of missing Tour de Pain is killing me :( 
went to the doctor today to get checked out , I told him about my problem and he LAUGHED at me , he didn't even examine me ! can you believe it ? I was LIVID , I am changing my doctor and filing a grievance against him right now , DO NOT SEE DR . Zu at Ocean Way Clinic ! He is a BAD doctor . Wasn't sanitary , knowledgeable , or considerate . He didn't do his JOB . Seems like anyone can be a doctor now . I can't even believe it :( 
that WAS FUN ! 
what a day ! car battery died , lost my phone , and got sun burned , it all has an upside though , < PROPFIRST > Thewhale was with me when the battery exploded so he went into butch mode , broke out the tools , and got all dirty(SO HOT ! ) , i found my phone in my truck , and the sunburn will turn to a nice tan :) 
first day back at UNF was a a success :) tomorrow it really begins ... 
I\m going for a RUN !!!! YAY !!!!! XD " 
where is a good place to get your hair cut ? 
I am exhausted , today was a long day . 
went for a five mile run today ! I feel like I'm starting to catch up a bit with my old self :) 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone :) . The surprise Un-Birthday Party was awesome , REALLY cool guys . It's nice to know < PROPMALE > Thewahalle wasn't cheating on me after all , just planning stuff <3 
I haven't cried this much in years , I can't even remember . Thanks for being there < PROPFEMALE > Miller , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and Allyssa < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm not okay right now 
Cant sleep . Can't eat . Can't escape . I don't know how to deal with this . 
Thanks for being there everyone ;) today has been a terrible day . 
keep calm . 
life is good <3 
today on my run I was attacked by 2 pitbulls . I was waving and shouting for help at the top of my lungs but no one stopped to help . I am okay , but only because I was hella fast . I reported it to the cops but they said that they couldn't do anything because I wasn't bitten . From now on I am carrying pepper spray when I run . 
I have a magic good wish fish . its actually a really colorful Fish shaped pot that Macoulie gave me . I fill it with birthday cards and the good fortunes from those cookies you get with Chinese food . when I am sad I reach in my fish , pull out a good wish , and feel a bit better inside . 
tomorrow I have my first race since the injury ! it's only a 5k , but its a start :) the shirt is pretty sweet , I don't think I'm gonna place , but I don't care . I'm just glad to be able to get out there again . 
I was the 9th person to cross the finish line out of 700 with a time of 20:11 for the 5k . Not my best , but not too bad :) wish I could've done the half marathon , I'll be ready for the next one I think 
I'm back to running my old route again ! and NO dogs ! I am pleased . 
I think I'm going to do well on the lab exam tomorrow morning :) 75 questions ! psssh ! bech please ! bring it ! 
100% on my bio II lab exam ! HELLZZ YEAH !!!!! I GOT THIS ! XD 
thank you gays . its nice to know I'm not totally in the wrong here . 
Damnatio Memoriae . A term I relearned in < PROPMALE > history today . 
no one trust < PROPFIRST > Stinson . he is a cheating inconsiderate , emotionally abusive asshole . 
feeling much better today ! why should I stay upset ? There are plenty of better ones out there , and they're ALL blow'n up MY phone . FUN STUFF ! O well ! < PROPFIRST>'s loss :) 
I'm rely feeling it right now . why do I have emotions ? 
I officially came out to my mom today . it went very well . We had kinda talked years ago , but we clarified tonight . I'm gay . I may have my strait moments , but I proffer guys . have a good night everyone :) 
How do you deal with a broken heart ? Why do they call it heart ache ? Its my MIND that hurts . Memories . flashes of things that were . my whole body feels sluggish and slow . its been nearly 3 weeks . Why aren't I any better ? helpful tips any one ? 
GOODBYE NOVEMBER !! GOOD RIDDANCE !!! This was the worst month of my entire life . The only plus was becoming a regular at the Mayport gym . Ran about 180 < PROPMALE > and logged about 40 hours of pumping iron due to stress and heartbreak . Heres to a renaissance December , to a focus on remaking myself , to healing , to a renewal of mind , body and soul . Cheers . 
I have rediscovered my inner peace and mental security . For the first time in weeks I can say I'm okay , or I'm good and actually mean it . I am content . I had a horrible breath taking cramp on my run . It was a true battle of mind vs . body . In fighting my self and overcoming pain I experienced true serenity . After the pain , all that remained was the wind in my hair and the sun on my skin . that's what its all about . 
Dream of Californication <3 
I'm done with finals ! lets make plans :) 
This is < PROPFEMALE > random ! the Neighbor kid has picked up the tuba . Better still , he has decided to practice in his drive way , right outside my livingroom window . The cacophany is pentrating every room of the house . I'm escaping to the gym . Mayport should be far enough . Dear God . Why ? 
metro tonight ? 
and < PROPMALE > Lam = Lady Gaga and Beyonce 
new favorite song ! \Cannibal\ " by < PROPFEMALE > .... I'll eat you UP ! <3 " 
I'm not okay . 
The repeal of Don't Ask Don't Tell has passed through the house and the senate . When my friend told me this I nearly cried . There is a lot that still needs to be worked out , but I feel much better about what the future has in store for me . 
either I have developed gay vision and my gay powers are developing or my contacts are dirty . I'm seeing rainbows everywhere ! 
Run fast for your mother , Run fast for your father , Run for your children , For your sisters and brothers , Leave all your love and your longing behind , You cant < PROPFEMALE > it with you if you want to survive\ 
~ DAD COMES HOME TODAY FROM AN 8 MONTH DEPLOYMET !!!! ~ \ 
The dog days are OVER ! \ 
I love this song ! I think I'm gonna go for a run now :) 
Someone stopped their car in the middle of Yellow Bluff Road and took pictures of me while I was running . It really freaked me out . Who ever you are , Please ASK next time . 
today is the first day of winter 
8:55 at Tinseltown , Black Swan , text me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! Best present of the year : NOT MOVING ! My Dad has official 2 year orders to NAS Jax . The watch from Dubai was VERY nice too though . Thanks Dad :) 
O MY GOD ! ITS SNOWING ON THE NORTH SIDE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
what a FUN night :) met some AMAZING people ! 
All the best guys are either gay , taken .... or both :( the super sexy bar tender man had a husband . Not that I'd stand a < PROPMALE > anyway . He was SOOOO gorgeous OHMAGAWD ! 
ADVENTURE !!!!!!!!!!! <3 
I'll be a good boy ... I'LL BE A GOOD BOY TONIGHT ! I PROMISE ! 
been single for 2 months today . I'm a little sad and little angry , but mostly just me . In time none of this will matter . Talked to my dad this morning about the Navy and hinted about the repeal of DADT . in 2 years time I will be leaving jax forever . I will never come back . if I could leave now , I would . 
So tired ! I fell asleep on the floor of my room , exhausted from the gym . I had a dream about < PROPFEMALE > Bynes + mean girls . o my god . am I really that gay ? hahaha 
ADVENTURE ! I love life <3 
getting back into the swing of things is kinda nice :) 12 credit hours , 3 classes , one of which is Spanish 1 . This is gonna be an easy semester . 
that was fun :) 
Using my gay powers and boyish charm to better my future ? Why not ? Women do it all the time ;) 
I had a horrible dream about girls last night and can't sleep now :( 
its ... ADVENTURE TIME ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > was ridiculous . crazy night . Gay guys SUCK ! All of them . In one way or another . I should have gone along with that cute lesbian . 
MATH is EVIL ! thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for being awesome and saving my butt 
< PROPFEMALE > tonight <3 
Incahoots adventure tonight ! :) 
I love classical music , but especially after I do something particularly horrible :) 
SO ANGRY ! I wanna punch a baby right now . Consider it a blessing ? I don't think so . 
Single for Valentines day ! what did I do ? I celebrated by going to the gym for a couple hours , going for a run , and tanning for a bit <3 
\Hmph ! You look like a fat iguana ! \ " ... For real !?! You know who you are ! Not even cute . That is all ... :P " 
Been in a sad state all day . haven't been able to shake this feeling . I wish the sun would come out , then I might at least feel a little better :( 
< PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Adventure !!!!! 
birds are sining , boys are calling , the sun is shining , and my running is picking up again . Feels like life is finally starting to get back on track :) 
I got my first piercing last night ! ADVENTURE !!! 
bar tending school ? I think so :) 
Adventure tonight ! 
I want another piercing ! :P 
counting the days away till this weekend ! its gonna be EPIC ! tomorrow is the UNF DRAG SHOW ! BOAT HOUSE , 7PM , BE THERE ! 
My leaf necklace broke free from its string ... every time a piece of my jewelry breaks something very bad or very good happens without fail . Call me superstitious , but I'm nervous . fixed it in an attempt to counter bad Ju-Ju . hope this weekend goes well ... 
OH MY GOD ! ADVENTURE TIMEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4 REAL LMAO 
eating with a new tongue piercing = No Bueno ! Gonna lose a < PROPFEMALE > bit of weight over this one . 
GATE RIVER RUN RACE PACKET PICKUP ! Don't forget like I did last year , expo is open today from 11-6 :) 
< PROPFEMALE > TONIGHT ! Spring break's just about here . Adventure ! 
GATE RIVER RUN TOMORROW ! OMG I'M SOOOO EXCITED ! First race in months , I can barely contain myself XD 
Gate was a success , I don't know my time YET , but I'd guess around 1:04 . The important thing is that I got my hat , made top 10% so my streak remains unbroken , and I had a GREAT time . I Killed the green monster :) congratulations to all you other monster killers out there ! thanks for the support everyone <3 
Official Gate River Run 15K time , 1:02:43 right on par with my other times . How is that Possible ? I under-trained ... I don't understand ! I haven't run over 9 < PROPMALE > in at least a month ! WTF ? 
got into really bad accident . I'm lucky to be alive and for the most part unscathed . my truck is totaled . I need to find a job and a car . any suggestions ? 
I need a ride at 10 am tomorrow morning to the air port for a job interview , I still don't have a car , could anyone help me out ? 
Might have a new truck my the end of the day ! SUPER EXCITED ! 
SUCCESS !!! NEW TRUCK !!!!! YAY !!!!!! I'm sooo happy ! cant drive it yet , gotta take care of the insurance stuff but I'll be back on the road soon . 
the rest of my spring break has officially been ruined . stupid DMV . I have a truck sitting out front , but I cant drive it . FML . 
Incahoots tonight ? 
last night ... what an adventure lol 
St. Patties day 10k 3rd place in age group 20-24 , 24th to cross the finish line . < PROPMALE > HAWKINS #85 Pace : 6:28 overall time : 0:40:05 -total crap for my usual , but it's a decent start for getting back on the scene . 
first day of spring ! 
Got my first letter from a lawyer yesterday . I'm worried . 
what am I doing tonight ? Incahoots maybe ? idk , hit me up 
bored . Idk what to do tonight . Any suggestions ? 
Metro adventure tonight , see ya there :) 
What a night ! just now getting in . Met an AMAZING guy ! 
MY HEART IS RACING . MY HANDS ARE SHAKING AND I'M SCREAMING BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY !!!!!! WHATS WRONG WITH ME ??? AAAHHHHHH !!!!!! MOMMMMMAAAA !!!!! OOO GALILEO !!!! 
I have succeed in making a compete ass of myself all in the name of watching out for an exfriend of mine . YAY !... * FAIL !!! *>_< 
Met a turtle on my run today ! He was BIG , OLD , and SLOW . I passed him twice . moral of the story is .... slow and steady doesn't win the race . Steady maybe , but NOT SLOW ! 
WOW ! What a weekend ! 
