live , laugh and love thats the best way to spend the next year 

will the shopping ever end ? 
no the shopping will never end ...... lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and my < PROPFEMALE > I love you 
I have never felt so loved or so happy as I am now 
I love my < PROPFEMALE > more and more everyday 
Happy New Year everyone !! 
< PROPFEMALE > I Love You more and more everyday 
lets pray for the sun to shine 
I pray her headache goes away 
love is giving competely of yourself freely no matter what 
I would like to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday , and most importantly my < PROPFEMALE > got me the one thing I really wanted and I want to thank her and let her know I know she loves me and I love her with all my heart < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
How do you change something about yourself that you know is creating problems but its how you have always been and you want to change it for yourself not for anyone else please feel free to speak your mind 
went to my first auction had a blast definetly gonna go to some more 
I miss my kids cant wait til i see them , love you boys 
Today is my baby's birthday happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > i love you 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > you will always be my baby girl no matter how much you insist on growing into a beautiful woman . I love you baby and will always be here for you , you know that . 
These late night allow me to reflect on my family and remind me how much i need and love them 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is amess , about your past , or if your family is full of crazies , they love you for who you are !! Re-post if you have one true friend . They will know who they are . ? 
Lets see if today i can start the new me it wont be easy , Hell i've spent 36 years getting this screwed up ; a very wise person told me dont talk about it , do it . Here we go !!! 
well the day is almost over so far im on track 
I am having a tough day I wish I could get it together 
I'M F ... ING TIRED OF IT\ 
PEOPLE KEEP MISTAKING MY KINDNESS FOR A WEAKNESS\ 
ITS TIME I REMIND SOME PEOPLE HOW I CAN BE 
FOR THE RCORD THERE IS NOTHING WORSE THEN A LIAR AND I HATE LIARS 
I am literally at a loss for words , some people think they can do anything well we will see if jail changes that perspective 
I am B.S. myself nothing is ever gonna change 
so you ever watched a bull rider get thrown fron the bull then stomped and then flung in the air then gored yea thats what this feels like my skin even hurts 
do you think its worth going to the mall and kissing < PROPFEMALE>'s ass to get a new truck for christmas 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 WORDS , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play ... 
just got back from taking the boys to arena ice racing we had a blast !! 
to all my friends and family thank you for all the birthday wishes 
