What horrible instinct urges me to want a cup of coffee or snack right after I finish doing the dishes ? I really don't want to be the one who makes that first dirty dish ... :( 

Kids go back to school tomorrow ! I am happy even though it means getting up before it's light again ... 
Yay I finally mowed the front lawn !!! The back is another story but I seriously think it might kill me if I try ... 
Mom is visiting from North < PROPFEMALE > . Pretty happy to see her !! 
My mom comes to visit so I have been having much more real life interaction than usual , and I check facebook after two days and have about 50 million requests ... I am overwhelmed . I can't keep up !!!!!!! 
Watching the Secret of NIMH with the boys . They all fell asleep but this movie is good ! I'm finishing it . 
Just got back from camping . 
Stupid work tomorrow . Not looking forward to being there at 6:45 a.m. 
I'm so confused . Should I think about moving to North < PROPFEMALE > ? Apparently they have a lot of good paying jobs and no bodies to fill them . 
Too much to think about , too many decisions to debate ... I wish I could just stay in bed all day . 
I don't even have money for my baby's upcoming birthday now !! He turns 9 on the third of August and we are so broke . I feel like the world's worst mother ... 
I can NEVER sleep !!! 
I have no babysitter !!! I am screwed !!!! 
I am really freaking out about the babysitter thing . It's starting to look like I won't be going to work at all for a while . I don't know what to do ! 
Still awake ... Had an awesome visit with a friend I hardly ever see , so worth it for a little less sleep !! 
Cayden's birthday tomorrow . Don't know how I can get him a present since he is always with me ... 
About to lose my mind from stress and confusion , and I'm not even kidding ... 
Is it ok to hire a 14-year-old to babysit ? 
What a busy frickin day . Now all I have to do is make supper , drive the kids to the sitters , then go to work til 10 . Whee !!! 
Oh my God theres is a fricking bat in my house !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ok it's gone . A nice Animal Control lady came and collected it on a coffee can . The horrific part was going in the room to drag my sleeping 4-year old out of harm's way . Thanks for not answering your phones all my guy friends !!! 
Last class tonight !! 
So confused ... 
Tired and not looking forward to a long weekend of work , then coming home to clean up after the pig of a babysitter . I am too wimpy to bitch at the sitter do I guess I just have to clean everything myself . LAME !!! 
So stressed about everything . I feel like I can't go on being this worried about everything for weeks on end . My head is going to explode . I feel like quitting my job . I can't keep leaving the kids with this babysitter !! He can't even cook a can of soup !! Poor kids . They need a proper supper and bed time . School starts soon !!! 
God damn babysitter . I think I'm going to have to quit my job . 
First day of school !!... kinda !!! 
Seven hours today on the phone with tech support and my computer still doesn't work right . 
My computer is going on a little car ride today . Don't know when I'll get it back from Best Buy , but it should feel lucky I'm not throwing it off a bridge or something . I will miss it !!! 
I'm back !! Went and got my computer back from Best Buy this morning ! 
Oh yeah , and my birthday sucked !! 
Moving , moving , moving . Packing , packing , packing ... cleaning , cleaning , cleaning ... In between wrangling children and the ever-present housework , yardwork , and cooking . I freak out about twice a day thinking \No way am I gonna be able to do this !!! \"" 
Still packing ... it goes slowly . Anyone want to help ? I wouldn't object !! 
Kind of a boring day today ... nowhere to go , restless kids ... 
Took the kids to the $2 movies today , GI < PROPFIRST > . I think they liked it , although I'm pretty sure they didn't understand it . I want to watch it again by myself ! 
Anyone know anyone that would like to buy a barely used bassinet ? How about an entertainment center ? 
Cayden and < PROPFIRST > have NO cavities !! Yay them !! And me !! 
Which of my big strong friends would like to assist me in taking apart some bunkbeds sometime in the next week ? 
I'm having one of those freak-out days again ! Moving day is so close now !! 
What should I do today ? What can I pack that I will not need for the next 8 days or so ? Thats the problem I keep encountering . I'm gonna have to do it all on like the last day . Can't afford to eat out the whole time , so no packing the kitchen , kids need to play so no packing all toys ... etc . 
OK so I have most of the toys packed ... Now what ? 
Stupid wind 
Family movie night ... too much sugar for my kids , not enough earplugs for me ... 
Took the kids to their school carnival today . I wish I wasn't always taking them to these things by myself . It's hard to < PROPFEMALE > everything and keep track of all three ... 
Who wants to help me go get my Uhaul truck Thursday morning ? Since my \best\ " friend dogged out on me at the last minute I am now screwed ... " 
Last day of packing today !! Tomorrow , loading and cleaning . Friday , driving . No more computer for a little while now ... 
Sooo tired and my house is days away from being comfy and settled ... 
Well , the kids are off to their first day of NoDak school , all bundled up on a big yellow bus ... I'm kinda sad ... 
Oh my god the wqeather is terrible !! I was debating snow pants or no for the kids today and I think I chose wrong 
I'm reading my first < PROPFIRST > Patterson book ever and I'm so annoyed . THIS guy is a best seller ? His books are made into movies ? I think he SUCKS 
< PROPFIRST > is puking and feverish . What a great time to be in transistion with insurance and doctors !! Poor baby ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s still feverish but no throwing up yet , thank God . Wonder what's wrong with him ? 
Have I mentioned how much I hate hard water ? 
Makin ' brownies ... 
Got chocolate in my hair . Boo . 
Watchin ' Speed . Terrible acting but I can't help myself . Sometimes we are addicted to the stupidest movies ... 
Why is my 6-year-old a psychopath ? He freaks out and throws tantrums where he just screams and screams . And screams and screams ... 
Is it normal for my house to smell like diesel ? 
Oh my god ... did I really just see a commercial for Chia-Obama ? I thought it was like SNL for a moment but its real . I don't know whether to laugh or ... I don't know ... 
Ha ! To all my friends in Colorada that had all this shit to talk about North < PROPFEMALE > winters . Not snowing here ! Highs in the 60's today ! 
Ok , so my water heater is not heating any water and I don't know what to do . I have investigated it with a flashlight and that's it for me ! Don't have a next step in mind really . 
So now I know how to change a water heater element . I really hope this works ... 
Why does everyone assume I have cowboy clothes for my boys ? I have to dress < PROPFIRST > up for nursery school and I am doing my best despite not having cowboy boots or hat ( which pretty much IS the costume , right ? ) 
Oh my gosh people actually trick or treat here !! I am bombarded from front and back doors . It's awesome ! 
What is it with people that hand out scary Jesus pamphlets to trick-or-treaters on Halloween ? 
I am up way too late again . Still doing laundry and about to do some dishes . Am I a devoted little hausfrau or what ? 
It's frickin cold today ! 
Why does it seem like every choice I make is the wrong one ? 
It's so nice out here ! I hope it lasts and lasts !! 
Having a lot of trouble keeping my thoughts and feelings to myself ... I shouldn't have to . 
Cool , my house is actually shaking as a train goes by ! That's adventure right there ! 
So I am banished to the bedroom for the evening because I don't care about ( and actually HATE ) football . Yay !! 
Made banana bread , cleaned the bathroom , threw in a load of clothes ... I'm on a roll today . What to do next ?? 
Home alone again ... well , except for three children . 
I wonder , where are < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s parents ? 
Why am I still awake !? I am addicted to watching movies that start late at night and hook me . Tonight's was < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Never get enough of < PROPFIRST > ... 
Uh oh , Grandma is coming over to visit ! Time to CLEAN !! Only when Grandma is coming over to you look around your seemingly tidy house and notice what a mess everything is !!!! 
Great , can something else please just go wrong ? < PROPFIRST > hit a deer and totalled our one working vehicle . Now we have no money and no car . Yay lets pretend we're 19 again . 
Today I noticed my oldest's shoes are falling apart . Shoes go to the top of the list ... Right above all the bills I can't pay anyway ! 
I am home alone !!! ( That's a good thing ... as long as < PROPFIRST > Pesci doesn't show up to try and < PROPMALE > the place ) 
Check it out its called the FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , b , a , Enter key , then right click then left click the screen and magic red circles will appear on your screen . the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the page ... IT DOES WORK ! put this as your status if it works . 
Not much going on today . I think I should bake something . Cookies or bars ? Tough decision ... 
I'm starting to get sucked back into watching Charmed on TNT every morning again . I feel embarrassed . 
First solo trip to Minot looming ahead of me ,. I sure hope nothing stupid happens , like getting lost ! 
I think it's hilarious that I now live in a place that has a sign on every car wash stating \NO DEER BLOOD IN CAR WASH !! \"" 
I am so tired of poop . 
Ok I haven't slept in about 31 hours so I think I am going to bed now ... 
I am all cracked out on Hulu Highlander ... 
I can't tell you how excited I am to meet the newest Disney < PROPFEMALE > . 
It's fun when your car gets towed away to a salvage auction and then later that day you remember your CDs are still in the CD player ... 
Are kids supposed to fight with each other this much ? I am going insane -- they NEVER get along , not for one minute of one day for years and years ... 
My living room is a maze of pillow forts . Gotta love days home from school !! 
Do I HAVE to put up Christmas decorations already ?? Is that like a requirement or something ? 
Sometimes it's really hard being the only girl in a house full of boys . 
Finally got to watch Gran Torino . 
thinks Swiper ought to stay on the naughty list ! I mean , really !! 
Ugh , it's freezing cold out and snowing . Time to make chili . 
I wish I would walk into my kitchen and magically everything from supper would be cleaned up and dishes washed . That must be what it's like to be a guy ... things just seem to happen while you watch basketball . Like magic ... 
OK , it's cold . I get it . Would it be weird to go around outside wrapped in a big quilt everywhere I go ? 
Porch thermometer says ... 16 degrees . Looks like we've hit the high for today already !! 
Well at least it wasn't BELOW zero when I got up today . Just right AT zero ... BRRRRRRR ! 
What a long day today . Stupid < PROPFIRST > is still broken . 
Lazy day today for everyone except me ... 
Christmas program tonight ! It's gonna be so cute , I love these ! 
I keep getting an ad over here >>> that says \Scholarships for Moms\ " but underneath is a picture of a scary terrorist/biker guy with long hair and beard scowling at the camera . Is that what people think moms look like ? " 
Why can't I ever sleep ? I had about two hours of sleep last night and here I am up late again , when two hours ago I could barely keep my eyes open . 
Wow our high today is predicted to be -2 . Our HIGH . Wowza . 
So I have learned that -11 feels pretty much the same as -2 . It's all just booger-freezing cold . ( Sorry to gab so much about the weather . ) 
FB is not working for me tonight . Maybe it needs a good night's sleep . I know I do . 
What happened to the notifications ? 
How many calories is chapstick ? 
Wondering how < PROPFIRST > can stand to be so loud and energetic the second he pops out of bed in the morning . He's giving me a headache ... 
Finally getting to read Twilight . Borrowed it from my 14 year old sister . 
Done with Twilight , now onto New < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is feeling pretty Grinchy today . Or maybe Scroogy . >:/ 
Finished with New < PROPFEMALE > . Now onto Eclipse . Kinda worried I don't have Breaking < PROPFEMALE > . What will I read tomorrow ? 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' 
Why do companies feel the need to \improve\ " on things that are already good ? I wanted to buy Battleship for the boys and it looks all ridiculous now . And what happened to electronic Battleship ? Can't find it anywhaere !! " 
Got nothing I wanted to do done today so far ... Can't start making popcorn balls when you're waiting for a phone call !! 
Today is baking day ! 
Such an annoying day .... 
is worried about taking the < PROPFIRST > back to the mechanics tomorrow ... Hope it makes it there ! And of course I'll have all the kids with me too ! A little scary ! 
I hate it when it takes longer to get the kids bundled up to play outside than they are actually willing to stay out there . Takes ten minutes to get them all dressed , they only stay out about 4 ... 
Getting a ton of snow today ! Glad I am done driving around in it ! 
trapped in a blizzard !! Might not be leaving the house ' til spring ! 
Home alone with the kiddos . My mom , sister , and husband are bunking with strangers tonigh t--t he result of trying to drive on a night like tonight . :( 
Don't know how much longer I will be able to open my back door . Crazy big snow drifts ! 
I am bored . I am also in a bad sleeping trend of staying up late and getting up late . Guess I should get up early one of these days to break that cycle ? 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can 
I might start babysitting a little 4-year-old boy full time while his mom works , but I have no idea what to charge . Does $20 a day sound fair ? 
It's easy not to oversleep if you just never go to bed ... 
My mouth hurts ... 
It's too early ... 
How do I become one of those care-free moms who don't care if kids trash my house and jump all over the couches , flinging pillows everywhere ? I feel like I am just constantly picking up , picking up , picking up ... Is it mean to tell them that my living room is not a playground and make them play with their toys almost exclusively in their rooms ? 
Wow it's going to be super cold here for the next few days but then supposed to warm up to the high twenties !! I am excited for that ! 
So I am going to the library later today and am out of ideas on what books to read next . Any suggestions of authors , etc I might look for ? 
I don't get how it can be SOOO cold when the sun is shining SOOO bright !! 
Grey 
I wish it was Friday already . I want a drink . 
What should I make with my pork roast ? It's all thawed out , but I am sick of the , like , two ways I know of preparing it ... 
All the mommies out there , join the fun and repost this ! What was your children's weight at birth ? Cayden was 7 lbs 4 oz , < PROPMALE > was 7 lbs 11 oz , < PROPFIRST > was 7 lbs 3 oz 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made the channel 4 news tonight . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > B Kolman foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall if you participated in the Bra Color Game ! 
Lots to do today around the house . And yet here I sit ... 
What should I make for supper tonight ?? I am drawing a blank ... Feels like I make the same five things over and over and I am sick of them all !!! 
I'm bored bored bored bored .... 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
I can't even look at my kitchen right now it is such a disaster area ! Why can't little fairies come and clean it while I relax ??? When will my kids be big enough to force into servitude in this area ?? 
Watching Aladdin with < PROPFIRST > . I don't think he gets it . 
How do I stop hating cooking ? 
Anyone ever watch Charmed ? What ever happened to < PROPFEMALE > being pregnant with < PROPMALE>'s demon baby ? I'm not sure if I am watching them out of order or what . And I frequently miss episodes . 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... Pass it along if you agree 
YES !!!!!! Yay < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Facebook is boring me . 
What a crazy day . I am an emotional wreck right now . 
I had such wonderful dreams all night . It was so depressing to wake up and realize none of them were true ... 
So bored ... 
So I am up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > because the boy I babysit was supposed to be here ten minutes ago . Seems like I am always waiting around for these people . 
Got about 2-3 hours of sleep last night . I was reading the SADDEST book ever and could not stop !! 
I need to snap out of this funk I am in !!! What's wrong with me ?? 
Wow the very first Charmed is on . Too bad my only other Charmed-watching < PROPMALE > isn't on Facebook , so I'm thinking no one cares ... 
Keep this going ... What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Look it up at joshhosler.biz-- Copy and paste with your #1 song . Mine is \My Sharona\ " by The Knack . That figures ... " 
So this Doppelganger thing ... I don't think I look like anyone . 
Why does it seem like < PROPFIRST > Banderas is the voice of the bumblebee on a Nasonex commercial ?? 
So what else is on Sunday that I can lock myself in my room and watch ?? 
A lot of people are dumb . That sucks . 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond . If you know me well , you know that I am ____________ , I love_____________ , and I cant stand _____________ . 
Got all my bricks , Farmville friends !!!!! 
So the puppy got out and made me < PROPMALE > him around and then the roof started leaking all over the TV and Wii ... 
Watching The Snorks . So excited !! 
Watched True Grit and saw a very young < PROPFIRST > Duvall and < PROPFIRST > Hopper . 
Ok so my < PROPFEMALE > finally changed . I'm not finding it that horrible . Different , yes . But whatever ... 
Anyone in Colorado want to send me a few bags of < PROPFIRST>'s BBQ Sunflower Seeds ? I have not found them ANYWHERE here ! I am addicted to them ! 
I have had to resort to smearing vaseline on my poor dried out hands . Lotion only stings and burns and makes red bumps . What's up with that ? Damn , winter , hurry up and end !! 
Little < PROPFIRST>'s very first school < PROPFIRST>'s party was yesterday . He was so cute and excited showing off all his < PROPFIRST > s . 
Okay , Farmville friends , I have all my harnesses and bricks ! Thanks ! Now I just need nails , boards , and horseshoes ! 
Help does anyone know how to edit applications ? I am being dumb and can't figure it out . 
I need a job . And I need Tuesdays and Thursdays off ... And daycare ... 
I really can't understand how an author like < PROPFEMALE > Michaels is a \New York Times best seller\ " . My 9 year old could write a more interesting and coherent book than her ... ( I am scraping the bottom of my book barrel this week for reading materials . ) " 
Who should I call ??? 
How come you Farmville friends aren't helping me expand my chicken coop ?? Please ?? 
Took the dog for an hour long walk . That was cold ! 
Listening to Metallica , reading . It's a good combination , I swear ... 
Farmville peeps -- I only need one more friend to help expand my chicken coop . Wish I could re-post that , but it should still be somewhere on my profile . Last day !! 
Got two jobs ! Which one should I take ? 
I shouldn't even have cable . I can never find anything on and this is the first time I even turned my tv on all day ... ( aside from cartoons for the kids this morning ) 
Dear Farmville friends .... Do not click OK when you take eggs , < PROPFIRST > gifts or collectables ... when you do that you have blocked it and no one else can get the things ... Just click Home , located in the top right-side corner . Please put this on you status for a while so everyone can get to know it now ....!! 
My poor puppy will be leaving the house tomorrow intact and returning a little ... altered . I feel so mean , but neutering is something I wholeheartedly believe in ! Go , < PROPMALE > Barker , go ! 
Long day of laundry here . Why is it never never NEVER done ? 
Watching \I Survived\ " on the Biography Channel . Scary stuff !! " 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in heaven . 
Just need 2 more helpers to expand my coop ! Thanks everyone . 
I don't want to go to bed because then tomorrow will be here instantly and tomorrow is gonna SUCK ! 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence . < PROPMALE > , ND . 
EVERYONE WHO CAN SEE THIS PLEASE RE POST IT SO IT CAN GO WORLDWIDE - OK ? HELP FIGHT THESE SCAMS ! STOP JOINING FREE STUFF GROUPS ! They do nothing but let Hackers in and cause problems with Facebook , you will NOT get anything free . Zynga has already advised that they are not the originators of these scams . Please copy and paste . If you join DO NOT INVITE ME 
I need a break ... 
is a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a MOM . 
I don't wanna ... 
I opened my windows today ! Yay ! 
hates his guts 
I feel like I have been cleaning up poop and puke for days ... 
Poor < PROPFIRST > ... 
Hoarders make me mad . Just clean your damn houses already ! Does everyone have to use mental illness as an excuse for every behavior ??? 
Baking cookies at midnight ... 
I think I am staying up all night tonight . No sense in getting 3 hours of sleep , right ? 
Packing like crazy . This is hard to do alone . Lots of trips up and down stairs ... 
JUST SO I UNDERSTAND THIS .. YOU PASS THE NORTH KOREAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET 12 YRS HARD LABOR , YOU PASS THE AFGHAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET SHOT . YOU PASS THE AMERICAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET A JOB , DRIVER'S LICENSE , ALLOWANCE FOR A PLACE TO LIVE , HEALTH CARE , EDUCATION , BILLIONS OF DOLLARS SPENT SO YOU CAN READ A DOCUMENT . WE < PROPFEMALE > PASSPORTS IN OTHER COUNTRIES OR FACE JAIL TIME . REPOST THIS IF YOU AGREE 
Trying to settle in . Phones are temporarily shut off , sorry folks ... 
Excited for Glee tonight . NPH yay ! 
i want a real day off ... 
What a day ! 
I have a bed now ! 
I don't want to get rid of my dog . No fair . 
Why am I still so fat !!!!!!!!!!!???????? 
Ok zit remedies ! Help , I feel like a teenager again ! What the heck is up with my face ??? How do I get rid of these two monstrosities that are keeping me up at night !? 
I guess I am taking my dog back to the pound tomorrow ... Have to admit I am pretty devastated ... 
Is it possible to die of hopelessness ? 
Gotta get up at 4:30 . Yes , a . m ... Probably should have gone to bed around 6 , but ... 
FB is being a piece of crap today ... 
I can't get on Frontierville ! I am so frustrated ! Something is just randomly wrong with my computer again ... 
My computer has been screwed up for days now . Really frustrating . Can't figure out what could've made it act up again ... 
Cold Mountain still makes me so sad ! 
I am in love with my Pandora ... 
I am so jealous of my mom right now , she's visiting in Colorado and I couldn't go because of stupid work ,,, 
So annoyed -- just had to throw away two loaves of bread and a pack of hamburger buns and hot dog buns -- all completely stale when I just bought them like 2 days ago ... Now what am I supposed to make for lunch ? 
Why why why can't I go to bed early ? 
Must force myself to get to bed ... Must have at least 4 houof sleep ... On a good note , I passed my CNA exam so I guess I didn't screw up as badly as I thought ! 
Why is < PROPFIRST > singing \I'm only gonna break break break break break your heart ... \ " ? Where does he get this stuff ? Damn Kids Bop commercials ... " 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan -- who ? I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something year old . Here are a few 20 year olds worth knowing about : Justin < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , Matt Weikert 29 , Justis Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , Matthew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20 somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support our military 
Love love love days off ! 
Don't want to go back tomorrow ... 
To Frontierville friends : I'm growing pumpkins if anyone needs to tend some . 
This house I looked at is what's on my mind . It's a dump but for some reason I almost love it ... I think I am just desperate to get out of here ... 
Must children eat supper EVERY night ? What a chore ... 
Well I'm out of luck . They totalled the < PROPFIRST > out at about $1000 less than what I owe . Good thing I live 25 < PROPMALE > from work ... 
I need a break from these kids other than going to work ! 
is bored , hot , and headachey ... 
I can't seem to get the smell of crap out of my nostrils today ... 
is scared to try these home-made pickles ... 
I have spent the last 15 minutes trying to get to stupid Frontierville . My potatos are going to rot -- again !! I hate my crappy internet ... 
My one day off tomorrow and here I sit , alone and bored ... 
How funny , the two younger boys were almost late for school because they discovered a frog on their way ... 
Big day today ... I am an Aunty now ! Also now dogless ... Happy and sad all at the same time ! 
I'm so tired . How can I stay awake ? 
I am so bored 
I am losing my way ... 
October\ 
2010 : This October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays , all in 1 \ 
Month . It happens once in 823 years . Paste this on your status and money \ 
will appear in 4 days . Based on Chinese fengshui . Whoever stops this \ 
will experience none ! ( I can't afford to ...... risk it ) lol 
Why does Facebook fail to amuse me at all anymore ? 
Something horrible is happening ... 
Damn it feels good to be a gangster ... 
Think I want a nap after a day scaling the nightmare pile of crap in the shed in search of snow boots and coats for winter ... But my feet are so COLD I don't think I could fall asleep ! 
Wow ! Almost forgot paren t-t eacher conferences are tonight . What a pain in my ass ... Like I have time for this crap ! 
Need a new job 
What on earth am i doing here ? Why can't I decide anything ? What do I wanna be when I grow up ? 
A\ 
friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , what name brand \ 
you wear , if your house is a mess , where you live , about your past , or \ 
if your family is filled with crazies , they love you for who you are . A \ 
true friend can go long periods of time without speaking ... but ... \ 
never ... question the friendship . ... Re-post this if you have at least \ 
one true friend , they will know who they are ! 
I have never had , let alone met , a goal ! Help ? Stupid interviews . What kind of goals do real-life people have and meet ? 
I wanna go home ... At least to visit . I'm grumpy and sad lately . 
I still need all you guys to come up with anecdotal goal meeting and conflict resolution junk for me to say at interviews ! Come on people , I know you can be creative ! Help me out here , I'm too stressed to think ! 
My ten year old wants a girlfriend for Christmas ! Ew ! 
I really hate job interviews . I just decided that . 
Freakin ' out . Sad ? Happy ? Scared ? yes . 
ANOTHER interview this morning . Everyone send good thoughts ! 
So here's a question : If I wrote someone a check in July and they still haven't cashed it , can they ever ? It doesn't say anywhere on the check that it's only good for a certain amount of days or anything . I'm wondering if I should add that money back on in my register and assume it's never gonna be cashed ? I would rather they didn't , honestly , and I don't talk to them anymore so ...??? 
Change\ 
your profile picture on Facebook to one of your favourite cartoon \ 
characters from your childhood . The aim of the game ? To no longer see \ 
human heads on Facebook but a true invasion of childhood \ 
memories ..... Just for a week ! 
Why can't thinking about exercising have the same result as actually doing it ? 
I always forget how much I love Ruthless People ...? 
Online bitching at SYNC services . Damn thing is more trouble than it's worth most of the time !! 
Sooooo nervous to start my new job tomorrow . I know there's nothing to be nervous about and I'll be just fine , but my body doesn't want to hear that . I am so tense and my stomach is churning ... I hate nerves !! 
Spent Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Christmas day working as a CNA in a nursing home in < PROPMALE > , ND . If I couldn't spend the day with my kids , at least I feel good about where I was . Those people need people like me ! 
Ok the plan is to be in Colorado Tuesday night . I'm getting my very own Christmas vacation ! 
I'm home 
Yay the kids are FINALLY home ! 
Everyone , stop whining about the cold weather ! I live in North < PROPFEMALE > , I win , the end ! :) 
