If you wanna take the test I took ( doubt it ) go to www.free-iqtest.net , after u complete it jus let it go through the gay ads , pretty sure it's worth the wait , and u can see if you beat me ( I'm pretty sure it's possible) ! 

Tell me what u think Abridge(me ) wrote this : This feeling follows you it lacks a name . These sorrows swallow you , u try to disdain this feeling inside of you for it has no face . You're endless pain . In the shallows it lives , on the surface . In the light it's the blight causing your night , endless night , your brought to this fight . 
Dont run from it , left alone it grows . If you face it alone there's nothing you can do . This anger , this sorrow , it grips you , rips you apart , it grinds you down , it binds you to this path . Lately now you walk through the dark , lately now you're lost . I hope you realize there nothing there for you . 
You keep these things to your self you sleep in this dream . You wonder if you can keep this feeling at bay . Where you running too ? Who you running to ? It's breaking . It's falling apart , shattering like glass . You see reality . The suns not shining , your falling , your calling for help . Trapped in this sorrow this anger this BEREAVEMENT ! 
Read from the first of three at the bottom one 
Take it eassy r-e-l-a-x !! 
I got a score of 137 on an Iq test , that's really good , if you want to take the test go to www.free-iqtest.net . 
Never again am I doing that ! Ever so tiredj 
Cross my heart hope not to die ! - from the Unnamed Feeling by Metallica 
Hey everyone ! 
Children with special needs do not have an illness ; there is no cure and it is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help and understanding 
Worn out always being afraid and endless stream of fear that I've made . This frantic tic tic talk of hurry . YOU LIVE IT OR LIE IT , YOU LIVE IT OR LIE IT , my lifestyle determines my deathstyle my lifestyle determines my deathstyle . Keep searching , 
KEEP ON SEARCHING , this search goes on on and on . I keep on searching . Frantic tic tic tic tic tic tok , \ 
Frantic tic tic tic tic tic tok , frantic TIK TIC TIK TOK !!!!! 
Hey people just talked to my Dad , haven't spoke in a month . 
Man this sucks finals everyday this week tomorrow two finals and the rest of the week one per day guess I can't complain though . 
Glorious day people last day of my < PROPMALE > year is over along with all you other < PROPMALE > s who made it . Now you all have time for other non-productve things(joking most people probably have a job ) thank you summer . Time to focus ..... 
Got grounded ....... 
Good times right ?......... Better be that way people better be . 
2012 the end is then ........ Hahahahaha 
December 21 2012 is when it ends for us all better build that underground bunker I've been thinking of who wants to join me ? 
Go to this website( http://www.survival-warehouse.com/food/index.htm?gclid=CICR7did5KICFV195QodvRS8wg ) for your needs . 
Hear the cry of war louder than before , with his sword in hand to control the land crushing metal strikes on this frightning night fall onto your knees for the phantom lord . 
No remorse no repent we don't care what it meant another day another death another sorrow another breath . 
Scanning the scene in the city tonight looking for you to start up a fight Theres an evil feeling in our brains but there's nothing you can do you know it drives us insane 
Thunder and lightning the gods seek revenge senseless destruction 
Do unto others as They've done to you but what the hell is this world coming to . 
Guilty as charged but damn it ain't right there's someone else controlling me , death in the air stuck in the electric chair this can't be happening to me who made you god to say I'll take your life from you ?! Flash before my eyes now it's time to die , burning in my brain I can feel the flame ! 
For whom the < PROPFEMALE > tolls time Marches on . \ 
Take a look to the sky just before you die it's the last time you will ! 
Scream for my soul mystified more evermore ! 
Lunch C 
Who thinks there awesome out there ? 
Apparently nobody thinks their awesome ! Haha 
I'm dissapointed in the lack of responses to one of my earlier posts asking who thinks their cool such low confidence you people have ... lol 
My schedule\ 
1 . Study hall \ 
2 . Phys < PROPMALE > days 1 , 3 , 5\ 
2 . Study hall days 2 , 4 , 6\ 
3 . English\ 
4 . independent living\ 
5-6 computer programming . \ 
7-8 college prep physics\ 
9 lunch\ 
10 College prep american gov/ Econ \ 
11 College prep algebra 2 
I am GOING TO BE HONEST FOR 24 HOURS . YOU CAN ASK ME ANYTHING AND I WILL ANSWER HONESTLY . Some questions I won't answer 
Dear mother dear father what Is this hell u have put me through , believer deciever day in day I live my life for you pushed onto me what's wrong or right hidden from this thing they call life 
Dear mother dear father every thofht I'd think you'd dissaprove curator dictator always censoring my every move children r seem but r not heard tear out every word inspired 
Innocence torn from me without your shelter barred reality I'm living blindly 
My eyes seek reality my fingers seek my veins ...... I fall cause I've let go 
..... Please forgive meeee ! 
Yeah hey hey yeah here I go now here I go Into new days yeah hey hey yeah hey here I go into new days I'm pain I'm hope I'm suffer ........... yeah hey hey hey yeah ain't no mercy ain't no mercy there for me ....... Do you bury me when I'm gone do u teach me while I'm here just as soon as I belong then it's time I dissapear 
I'm gone I'm gone I'm gone I'm gone I'm gone I'm gone ..... Do u bury when I'm gone do you teach me while I'm here just as soon as I belong then it's time u dissapear , Do u bury when I'm gone do you teach me while I'm here just as soon as I belong then it's time u dissapeearrr ! 
Umm it's I dissapear sorry 
Null the pain dull the blade I am forsaken ! 
Don't you like it when people post things saying who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out .....? 
So close no matter how far\ 
couldn't be much more from the heart\ 
forever trusting who we are\ 
and nothing else matters\ 
\ 
never opened myself this way\ 
life is ours , we live it our way\ 
all these words I don't just say\ 
trust I seek and I find in you\ 
every day for us something new\ 
open mind for a different view\ 
and nothing else matters 
never cared for what they do\ 
never cared for what they know\ 
but I know\ 
so close no matter how far\ 
all these words I don't just say 
never cared for what they say\ 
never cared for games they play\ 
and I know\ 
YE-YEAH !!! \ 
no nothing else matters 
One of the best songs ever 
http://m.youtube.com/index?desktop_uri=%2F&gl=US#/watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=NcbAibPA2yY&bmb=1 
Evil laughs all I got to say 
Just totally saw like 10 stinkbugs at my great grandmothers house it was CRAZY ! 
Hey people , today's business day ..... Whatever that means . 
Cowardly knave stay a slave , bent in favor . \ 
Rancor and anger pave the path of destruction . Reconstruct all of you . \ 
Lives like knives full of pain sorrow and agony , but the light still shines through no matter how dark . 
Stronger so much stronger , then you , here I stand waiting for you to make your move , but u just stare I dare you to care face the world comfort is yours if you so < PROPFEMALE > it . 
But stay away not ever no way , go play with someone else , hear the bells chime for you . \ 
Victory ours another day . RIP mofo . 
Night people 
Like this status if you hate me . 
Now like this status if u don't hate me . 
Also like this status if I've done something mean to you . 
Like this status if u want revenge on something I've done to you . 
Like this status if you think i don't care what you think . 
Like this if u think I care 
Like this status if you think I care about you . 
Like this if you think I don't care about you . 
Like this status if I've gotten revenge on you . 
Like this status if ur a bitch 
Like this status if you think I'm an ass 
F\ 
=\ 
FUN 
Like that last one if that's what you think f equals 
Wow all you other people r pussies , u can't say what u think 
I'm seething I'm bleeding ripping wounds in me that never heal undying spite I feel for u living out this hell u always knew 
Haha hahahhahhahahahahahhhahaaha I will not be vanquished and you shall not achieve victory . Justice walks with me like a < PROPFEMALE > chalice her scales just and right and she is unbiased and yet she still sees all . Hahaha make ur move fool , fiend reveal urself 
I shall be victorious and upon that sacred triumph all will see ....... I'm waiting and watching lurking waiting to strike once more two days until the attack moves 
All your plans shall fail ... 
Turn and run tail hail falls on you , run like hell .. 
Pray tell ? You know what 
Like this status if your cool 
Like this status if ur gay . Oh no ! < PROPFIRST > where u at ? lol 
Like this status if i like you ! Take that whatever way u want , but I mean like cool with lol . 
Uhh today was bs . Yeah totally bs fml . 
Tomorrow will be better by one-hundred fold , but sadly only to an extent ..... I have gym . 
Tomorrow will be better one hundred fold . I guess Ill have to < PROPFEMALE > more confidence huh ? It will surely improve to an extent though I have my moments . Ahem i < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bridge will improve upon myself greatly ..... Hopefully what's to follow helps .. 
I shall play a card game you see , and I shall\ 
Lay down the Joker . Ahah , I don't know what that means yet but I shall and the rest of my hand is looking good too . Hahahaha hammer of justice crushes you overpower ! 
Unicorn boy where are you at ? That's right < PROPFIRST > that's your new nickname , that's right its unicorn . Hahahahaaha maniacal laugh ! lol u know I'm joking unicorn . 
Hey narcissist ! Thats right I'm talking to you , don't stare at your reflection for to long . That's ur nickname . I'm abrdge uhh < PROPFEMALE > u are aeropostale , uh yeah < PROPFIRST > ur totally SS , paranoids all I've to say . Uhh < PROPFEMALE > your < PROPFEMALE > , ur middle name < PROPFIRST > . Hmm who else wants an awesome codename ? 
Ohh crap it's two o's in too long . 
U have nothing going for you besides your beauty and your ability of the arts . Heh hahahahaha ..... You'll always lose because theirs no contest with you . Your a fool who's blinded by your lustfullness and your a narcissist , you love you and only you . Your mirror will shatter one day and you will pray for days long past to come back to you .... you lose I always win ....! 
Sick ....... 
Hmmm I wonder if I totally had like a final battle my song would be epic but idk what it should be ?! 
How bout this one ... \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQ4GbcuBvUQ 
That is ..... and justice for all epic song ! 
Idk u tell me 
Follow the god that failed ! 
I see faith in your eyes , never you hear their discouraging lies . I hear faith in your cries broken is the promise betrayal the healing hand held back by the deepened nail , follow the god that failed ! 
MILK ! 
\I wish I may\ 
Careful what you wish\ 
Careful what you say\ 
You may regret it\ 
You just might get it \ 
Then it all crashes down \ 
And u break your crown\ 
And you point your finger but there's no one around , just want one thing just to play the < PROPMALE > but the castle crashes and your left with just a name where's your crown < PROPMALE > nothing 
Life 
Hey people ..... i just have to say Nothing else matters is one of the best songs written ... Wow .... oh and hey ..... lol hah 
Project due tomorrow ... im not finished yet 
Final fight endless plight , chill in the air and nobody cares . Knight tonight see the light , holy < PROPFEMALE > come and getcha , I betcha lose . Fools snooze , cools not you ! 
We all have our < PROPMALE > , to be all you are . To change your ways , but that was yesterday , hey ! \ 
Time for one last dance , prance and chant , rant and rave save the day , pay the price , slice and dice . Do to you what's done to me . Fee he says is fee , but not to me . Say your sorry beg for mercy , confess all to the sky of your wrongs . Fly away I'm here to stay won't go away , no . 
Don't you know that you've grown ? What you own , comes apart of you ! Let's settle , belittle let's go ! Make your decision once and finally end it now . Just confess ! 
What's the light ?........ What's the darkness .? 
To live is too ...... ( fill in the blank ) 
No remorse no repent we don't care what it meant , another day another death another sorrow another breath\ 
blood feeds the war machine as it eats it's way across the land we don't need to feel the sorrow , no remorse is the one command . 
It is happening , letting go , see the light ..... End the eternal fight . My nightmare my scare it's easy to not care . Beware ........ See the light .... End your fight . 
Hahahaha , tonight was a fun night , full of awesomeness . Hahahaha ! This kind of stuff makes me happy , a little . I don't like stupid people like S . Narcissist ! 
I'm shallow(she says ) . Help me someone this kid totally wants me ..... Not really , nothing that reeks if fish . She says He likes me , < PROPFIRST > bridge likes me . I say noo not , really . She thinks he wants to date me , make him stop . I think wow she reads to deep into my words , she's stupid end of story . Oh and obviously I'm conceited < PROPFIRST > , you don't have to tell me that ! 
Oh and I'm clearly lightyears ahead of es . Hahaha , es stands for eat shit . lol 
Watch the alphabet song reboot , it's hilarious . Hahahahaz . lol 
Copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been \ 
affected by someone who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot \ 
up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for \ 
someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass . But , \ 
we can raise awareness !!!! 93% of people won't repost this because \ 
they , too , need a foot up the ass !!!! 
Sorrow is pain brought about by misfortune or from anothers destructive behavior directed towards you , etcetera . 
Hate is when an individual that you want to destroy , when the only thing that matters to you is their destruction , for a wrong that they have committed towards you or some flaw you don't like . 
Love is love , it cannot be described nor do I < PROPFEMALE > to do so , I cannot describe this feeling ..... Happiness is a goal of many but not i , why is that ? I still question why people must suffer ...? 
And emotions are essential to survival , existence but although how cold I sound I mean no offense ... Emotions are a cloud that shrowds one judgement behing a smokescreen , and a veil a fog , does this make sense ? People lie , yet expect the truth , they kill but expect to live , they sin and expect forgiveness time and time again .... Hahahahaha just saying . Oh and why so serious , these are the things I ponder . :) 
Moral : people contradict themselves all the time . 
Wow this number thing is stupid but why not , let's go ...! All you have to do is send me a number via message or just my wall , and I'll tell you what i think of you ... 
Hey did anyone hear , they might have discovered a cure for HIV and AIDS . One lucky individual who had this disease received treatment for leukemia and received a blood transplant from a donor who happened to have a < PROPFIRST > mutation that is immune to HIV . That was in 07 , and now there is < PROPMALE > trace of HIV or his cancer . That's awesome . Sadly although this may be a step to a cure it is not a recommended procedure . 
I have yet to discover it's purpose , it's meaning to an individuals growth , is it for our suffering or does it inevitably make us fade ? They say that happiness is the difference between what the expectation of the present is and what it is not . Is that why people must remain in such a melancholy state , full if sorrow and sadness , if so people must realize the truth . 
Read the note 
Saints are holy and well sinners not so much . So whoever chooses the sinners well you can laugh it up and have a grand time , but just remember that in doing so you will pay for the consequences of your actions . :) 
Oh and by the way Happy Holidays you crazy people you , and to all a fuzzy time . 
Again i wish you all a warm fuzzy time this X-mas and hope you all have a great time doing the things you do with the people you care about , and your families . Have fun , peace . :) hahaha . 
Hmm , it seems time can be mansuetude , in a manner most unfathomable to me . It's affects are so ephemeral and although a great many of people would like to extricate themselves and disembarrass their living purpose and ease away all the pain they feel . 
Walls do eventually break as did Berlin but some are impenetrable , the only way in is from the other side . Questions still that i ponder which side do I stand ? Which is which for I cannot tell ... Can you . This insurmountable obstacle that we all must face ......... alone ...... which side do you stand on and why ?! 
Leave me be darkness , this is not where I belong , never shall you consume me , ; hatred , rancor , sorrow and the madness . I'll fain to be rid of you , my dreadful path that paves the way to the end , to my death is true can it be ? I beg thee a respite , surcease release me exacerbate not , I answer to nothing can YOU HEAR me ! I say leave me be shadows , the light beckons I will not concede defeat . 
Ignorance is the base upon which knowledge is built . 
Says nothing else matters . 
Says blackened is the end . 
Know do you people like MUSTARD , oh and velveeta shells are amazing .... You probably fathom it's heights of deliciousness . Ha , Hahahahah the world is garbage , except for velveeta I love velveeta gotta have my velveeta yum yum yum and mustard too ...... lol 
Honestly dont listen or watch if easily offended 
Fear is the expectation of some great failure , however we should not fear ..... we should only fear what we with our power can do , how many lives we touch with harm and how many we influence for the greater good , we should fear what we do to the planet and question what we do is it better ? Does it help ? But we as people do not ponder these things for\ 
The very fear of the truth already known . 
To live is to die as the world has forsaken me , life given life torn , taken away from me , scorn hatred I feel , things never revealed to me . Lyrics from a song I'm writing ... 
Read the note . 
Feat awaken , desolation , reveal your death . \ 
Await the hunters decision , arrow of justice pierce your flesh just a wound , bury you in your tomb . 
Justice no mercy pay for your sins , executioner lady justice meet your fate , scales fairness blinding unbiased , justice sword . -Aaron bridge 
Believe to exist in the shadows , a land where not too many thrive , a land stricken by illness , and lies in sorrows light , a light that scars and taints all with it's touch . -Aaron Bridge 
Read the note .... 
Happy Easter Everyone !!! 
I thank all of you for the happy birthdays , thank you . 
Hmmm , tuesday starts the beginning of the end for my class .... It marks an end of one chapter into the start of a future , a future that we all must face , the true beginning of our lives . 
the end is next sunday ............. 
14 days 
13 days 
Uh 7 days , Hmmmm ... Uhhhhh ... the world needs peace the world needs war , bleed your heart out . Another broken promise , keep your < PROPFEMALE > silence , we need to fight ! For the light of day ! Pray for your lives ! 
Feels like my last day on earth ... too introspective and hyperbolic .... :( 
Well the last day is here ... And I'm still alive ... well I wish you all luck for the next seven months , for those who know me personally it's been fun .. hahaha ... and for those who don't well have fun .... I don't know what else to say ... ( sigh ) ... hmmm ... 
( continued from previous post)\ 
oh and prepare for that 2012 apocalypse everyones been talking about be healthy oh and watch your back this is an evil world we live in , practice circumspection ( sigh ) well farewell people goodbye . see you in seven , seven months . Or in the event that I fail sooner than that ... bye . 
made it safely peeps miss you guys 
The world teaches < PROPFEMALE > to whose who are willing to listen ... individuals who lie silently in wait awaiting freedom from purgatory , a kind of prison where they must subsist off of nothing ... they lie dormant awaiting salvations light , freedom from shackles that bind you for what seems an eternity .. 
solace does not exist in this state , only sorrow and agony day by day , night by night immense agony , finally freed from these shackles it leaves its < PROPFIRST > scarring the individual leaving wounds that do not heal ..... 
hahahahaha a bit exaggerated purgatory is not what it seems ... dont try to understand this just read i for you could not even begin to fathom the meaning of these words ..... im coming home ... hahahaha ..... the path ahead is what lies before me , my life . Odd isnt it , odd that you could never understand the plight of those trapped , and the release of freedom .... a saving light of redemption , ill see you soon .. 
A moment of trepidation and joy all the like ... hahaha 
The greatest part of retiring for the night is the realization of the notion that you will wake to see the light of day welcome you from your slumber anew ... goodnight . 
Free food at union deposit gulf station ! :) 
Until six 
HELLO 
sigh ..... 
Hahahahaahhha mwuahhahahahah .... \ 
Laugh , just laugh 
WOW !!! No electricity , I thought it was going to be just rain , heard it through a valid source that's what would happen ..... I'm dissapointed in this sources inability to predict an unpredictable future :) jk lol 
Death will come easy just close your eyes 
hello hello hello hello 
cerritos a bomb 
This stain of mind .. 
I believe it is time to resume the activities that I had once enjoyed prior to my leaving .... I will not reveal to you what they may be , they are my hidden clandestine joys , which not too many have knowledge of , I know not the cause of my ceasing these activities .. excuse my rambling ... lol 
With fiery truth , Burn the evils of this world . With fiery truth , Light the darkness of the world . 
Happiness is a falsity\ 
Humanness is faulty\ 
Hear the echoes of my cries whispered in dreams\ 
My mind full of screams of the dead 
Just saved a caterpillars life 
So Facebook friends , I have a question to ask if I may ... and I wish to hear your your responses .... just what is evil in this world ... what is corrupt in this world ? 
Isn't it quite odd ?? The capacity of hypocrisy humans bear .... their propensity towards hastening their fall .... and when they suffer the call for < PROPFEMALE > in hopes of cleansing their venality .. hm egregious .... 
Ignite the timid blood inside you 
Sick :( 
3 hours an 33 minutes left :) 
In Russia stop drop and roll is for pussies ! lol 
Hello people ! :) 
e It's hard to explain to someone who has no clue . It's a daily struggle being in pain or feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( PTSD , Anxiety , Bipolar , Depression , Diabetes , LUPUS , Fybromyalgia , MS , ME , Arthritis , Cancer , Heart Disease , Epilepsy , Autism , Porphyria , M.D. etc . ) \Never judge what you don't understand\ " . I know which of my real friends will copy .. " 
Land of murderers\ 
Land of anarchy\ 
The darkled lands\ 
Shrouded in infamy\ 
Fleeing the war\ 
Fleeing deaths symphony \ 
The border of oppression true land of freedom sheltered from the world \ 
The darkened land\ 
The dark corner . 
