happy late birthday aunt frany i didn't forget .. i was just busy i love you and miss you lots-Daryl < PROPFEMALE > 

4 new pictures up =) 
just having an all around great day !! =P 
moving the 17 and 18 of dec . into our new place !!!! =) 
love love my family !!! 
i have my writing test today i hope i pass !!!! 
i passed mu writing yay me !!! now i only have math to go and then i have my ged !!! nothing is holding me back !! plus i made an awesome chicken pot pie !!! best i ever had !! 
love all of my family !!! 
hey family im almost done with my ged !!! i have one test left and its my math !!! and im going on thursday !!!! pray i pass !!! i love you all tons and tons !!!! 
testing today at 5:30 pray i pass !!! 
i have my ged !!! =) i passed with flying colors !!!! 
so i heard back form < PROPFEMALE > cordon b < PROPFEMALE > u !! they want me to come and visit !! they want me at their school !!! im so freakin excited !!! life is so amiazing !! and i thank my son , every day he makes me a better person !!! i love you AYDEN JAGER !!! -MOMMMY 
just got my first tattoo at epic ink !!! its sick !! i love it !! =) 
ayden is 7 months today !!! =) 
HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY !!!! < PROPFEMALE > PRIDE =) 
some new pics up of ayden =) 
going fishing today =) 
bored !!!!!!! 
whent fishing today !!! =) at home and adored !!! 
oh happy day- =) 
new pictures from the coast , check them out !! 
not feeling to hot !!! easter on sunday !! happy easter family , love you all !!! -Daryl , < PROPMALE > , and Ayda bugz !!! 
waiting for < PROPMALE > to get back from texas !!!!!!!!! 
waiting for soly to wake up and drop me off at auddies !!! 
happy fathers day to all you fathers out there !!! 
why does it have to hurt so bad !! i love you so much , but i know i can never change your mind . and its killing me , i dont wanna say good bye !! 
i miss you already !! 
leaving my life in the hands of god !!! I figure , he's the only one that knows whats in store for my life and my sons !!! i just pray that < PROPMALE > coming home is one of the things he has planned !!! 
the perfect way to end the day , being with my boys =) 
blah 
aydens birthday was fun =) thank you everyone 
bored 
trying !! 
pushing you out of mylife isnt something i want , but something i have to do for myself and our son ... even though i miss you every second !!! 
i wish things where like they used to be !!!! i really miss us !!! 
why does it have to hurt this much , im not ready to tell you good bye and move on !!! i love you too much .. 
feeling betrayed and left behind !!! 
you took me for who i was , you told me you loved me and would stand by my side . and now youre gone , and have nothing to say to me . i lost my bestfriend and the love of my life .. i just want you to come home ! i miss you so much ! 
tired !!! but awake !! 
listening to some music 
love gogol bordello lol 
totally on an 80's binge today lol !!! 
you amaze me !!! 
i need 15 dolla .... rrrrrrrrrr !!!! 
spending time with < PROPFIRST > , his mother is in icu , and not doing well !!!! 
hope i didnt mess up !!!!! 
i need a cig bad !!!!! 
i soooo want to go to the coast today !!!! 
ugh , too much on my mind !!!! 
??????? confused and puzzled ??????? 
sooooo .... im tired and bored , and miss my lil man !!! he'll be home soon ! = ) 
baby i miss you !!!! < PROPMALE > call me baby boo !!!!! i need you to smile lover !!! 
how can we all be so hurtful in away that they dont even notice ! it suck !!! 
i think i might just go out today !!!! dunno though ? 
sooo , i thought i had it all figured out , and that i found my inner peace ! well < PROPFIRST > , wrong again !!! =/ 
sooooo , aunt steph , we need to have a girls night soon !!!!! my life is in shambles with out you !! lmfao !! 
ahhhhhh , im so tired and ayden is eating noodles and falling asleep in his chair doing a head , < PROPMALE > , weave type of thing lol !!! 
so tired !!! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the ... friendship ... Re-post if you have one true friend . They will ... know who you are . I've been blessed with several ? 
falling for him ............ = ) 
thinking alot !!..... pros and cons , dunno !!!! 
god , youre so amazing lol !!!! 
waiting for < PROPMALE > to call me !!! 
totally ate crap going down a hill last night !!! lmfao 
sitting here woundering why ???....... 
FML !!!!! 
My doctor asked if any members of my family suffered from insanity , I replied , no , we all seem to enjoy it 
did you know ...........????????!!!!!!!!!!!! 
waiting for soly to wake up and answer his phone !!!! things todo today !!! 
i love how people act one way and tell you thingd , ad then turn around and are totally fake !!! 
some adivce .... you dont have to lie to kick it !!! 
ok sooo .. people that dont like or wanna talk to me , should just delete me !!!! 
confused and hurt !!! 
i already miss you !!! 
wow , its amazing how much you can hurt over something !!!! 
im so tired of people saying there are trying , then not doing anyhting besides bring their kids and family down !!!! im done , do whats best not the beare minumum !!! you get no where , when you dont live life the fullest you can !!! 
hrmmmmm ..... could it be ...???? 
uhg , why does this seem to happen so much lately ???? 
want to move and start new !!!! 
i wounder if he ever thinks about me .. = / 
yellow peps 
hola 
soooo tired of the BS .... 
soooooo bored .. been cleaning all day .. 
so i applyed for fasfa today and have an appointment with phegans to get enrolled 
im irrratateddddd !!! 
some peoples boyfriends man !!!! 
feel like crying today ... its pitiful !!! 
its nice to know who your real friends are , but why cant everyone be real from the start !??? 
nausia kicks in ... i really dont feel good this morning !!!! hate being sick !!! 
not feelin well at all !!! 
soooo bored today ! 
i hate missing someone who doesnt miss you ! 
sooo bored !!! have another meeting with the beauty school on the 9th ! 
boredom strikes lol 
happy easter love you all ! 
sooo bored !!!! need something do !! 
everyone take the my personality app !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Need to clean house do launry and sleeeepppppp ! 
Thinking ....? Where did kady go ? 
Toooooo much is on my mind ! 
Going to work early 
Tired already want to go to bed ... let's just call it a night 
Need my bestie 
Why is this a never ending war with you , only if everyone new the real you ! 
Can people get a hint ???? 
Friends they come every way and by the truck load ... and this isn't a good thing always 
Wow just wow . Everyone is loosing their minds !!! 
Ignorance is bliss ............ 
I'm tired of looking like that bad guy and being ignored when I'm talking the truth 
i hate bad dreams 
Uhg !! 
Off to work for the day 
Long day at work . 
You can love with out being in love 
Some people 
I've seen better days 
Over today 
it amazes me how clueless and careless people can be .! Someday I guess , people . Will start caring again ? 
Stuff todo today 
Just had the worst dream of my life 
So sick of inconciderate jerks who seem to know it all . 
; p only if you knew the real meaning lmfao 
my son is with his daddy and im home ale and bored ! what to do ????? 
Dyed my hurrrrr lol 
work at 6am !!!! wooohooooo !!! lol is it bad i like working so much ???..... 
< PROPFIRST > call me lol found charger 
Happys fathers day to all daddys and papas and great papas lol ! And mom ......... 
Work in the morning 
Bored ! Have the day off tomorrow ! Don't know what to do ! Blah 
Its so hard watching the person you're inlove with go back to tearing their life appart and lie to your face , when what their doing wrong is plain as day ! 
Ayden is eating a tomato like an apple lol he loves tomatos 
What todo I have tomorrow off 
Whent out and had sushi 
I wish everyone had an apartment as cool as this . 
Off to work =) 
So done with bad attitudes ! 
Kady !!!...... call me lol ...! 
What happened to guys being completely honest and up front but also sweet and considerate ????....... 
Had a very saaaadddddd day today ! 
Today was ok ... still breathing and alive ....! 
Ahhhhhhhh today is one of those days 
the last couple of days have sucked !! I don't know what's going on with me ..... ahhhhhh ! 
Ahhhhh ...... today is going to be strange !!! 
Love my bestie 
Just want one good day this week .. one good thing to freakin happen ! 
Gettin ready for work .... 
Well today was a better day .... tomorrow , its still up in the air ...! 
Uhg ! 
Found the truck of my dreams ! 
The day could have started better 
Worked 1 to 1 yesterday ! Intense ..... 
I don't know why but I feel stressed the frick out yo !!! 
Sooooo tired !! 
Wow ... some people never grow up ! 
I've made my decision and after all that has happened , I've decided to find myself through it all ! And I wish people would understand that ! 
I hate it when people know everything when they really don't know a single thing ! 
Stressed , tired etc . Ahhhhh I hope things fall into place ! 
The day started in a bad way , but there is enough time left to change that !..... at least I hope ? 
Tired . Work at 1 tomorrow though , gives me time to do things around the house ! Yay 
Totally got the biggest confidence booster today lol ! 
Ahhhhh . People irratate me sometimes ! 
Bought a homeless man a meal and gave him some money , he was < PROPFEMALE > greatful , it made my night !!! 
Some people expect way to much of others 
What is wrong with me ??? Lol 
Aydens birthday party there will be two ! But fam great grannys house at 3:30 pm this Saturday call me 
Today has been so far the worst day of my life ! And I PRAY nothing ever tops it ! EVER !!!! 
I miss my son sooooo much and can't wait for him to be home !! 
Verrryyyyy upset ! 
So over being ditched all the time ! 
Ahhhhh .... such a bad day ! 
I'm thinking lake , maybe ...? 
Overall its been a pretty ok day ! Finnally 
W/meh lady 
Why can't people just be stait forward ????..... 
Workin grave tonight 
I feel like ima kill over today ! I wanna go back to the hospital ! 
Finally feel happy ! 
Not having a goodnight 
I'm over so so many things ! 
So tired of helping others and getting nothing but a f*%kin slap in the face ! 
