Its officially not New Years day . 

Going to a friend's then from their going to first Youth Group event of the year . 
Got back from this school years first math meet at Hebron Academy . I just hope T isn't too mad about the team's results ... 
adding music , if you have a suggestion let me know . 
Off to do homework that should of been done a few days ago ... You don't give a student a due date , and tell him you will accept it in a week later for full credit . 
Came back from first Driver's < PROPMALE > . Instructor has the dullest voice ever ... 
If I dont return , driving didn't go well . :) 
Tired from \Superbowl ' 09\ " and the staying up late last night . School in morning . Headed to bed . " 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . ( i tried it and scary enough it worked ! ) 
Rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > . 
Dirigo wins !!! Good job ! 
Got my permit today . Top score of top class on the final ! 
Airsoft tomorrow ! 
Airsoft today ! ( Maybe Modern Warfare 2 afterwords ? ) 
School tomorrow , thank goodness for the late starts on wednesdays . 
몁 ??? snq ? so ?? 쯟l ?? ? uuo ? no ? o ?? 
Aye ! eh ? 
Alright , in case there IS school tomorrow , im headed to bed . 
School then Math meet after 
Back from the Math Meet , didn't do too bad , between the 3 from Dirigo that showed up , I had the most points . 
Back from the Oddfellow Theater 
Back from a Christmas Party with family , got to wear a Boston Red Sox Championship Ring , a real one . ( 2 of them actually ) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! 
I am ERROR ! 
Finished watching \Up\ " for the first time . " 
You can take away everything that I've been holding , You can take away the sun . You can take away the very air that I've been breathing , but you can't take away my God 
\Always look on the bright side of life\ " * Whistles and repeats * " 
Airsoft this weekend ? Only time will tell ... 
Talkin ' to < PROPMALE > about airsoft , what to get , future squad plans , and listening to Journey . 
Im off for the night , anyone know some good songs I can add in the morning ? ( I would prefer it not to be screamo ... or any Disney stars .. ) 
Okay all , I am raising money for the 30 hour famine in later February , and I need people to donate money . Any donations are welcome , it doesn't have to be much . 
Alright people , I am doing the 30 hour famine again , which is when I don't eat for 30 hours to raise money for World Vision to help feed starving children in third world countries . $30 is enough to feed a child for a MONTH . Only $30 to live for a MONTH . I need as many donations as I can , it doesn't have to be much , any amount is welcome , but I do need some . Message here on facebook or call me if you want to donate . 
We didn't start the fire . It was always burnin ' since the world's been turnin ' . 
Back from two days of airsoft . ' Twas intense . < PROPMALE > got some video that might get put up sometime . 
Hey , hey , we're the Monkees and people say we monkey around . But we're too busy singing to put anybody down . We're just tryin ' to be friendly , come and watch us sing and play , we're the young gneration , and we've got something to say . 
shine , make 안m wonder what you았e got , make 안m wish that they were not , on the outside looking bored . shine , let it shine before all men , let안m see good works , and then , let 안m glorify the Lord 
Even though the journey's long and I know the road is hard , Well , the One who's gone before me He will help me < PROPFEMALE > on . After all that I've been through , Now I realize the truth , That I must go through the valley To stand upon the mountain of God 
Back from this month's math meet . What's worse , that I got 7 points , or that I got 7 points and was #1 out of the few people from Dirigo that went ? \I lead \"" 
About to make a masterpiece with < PROPMALE > R Riggs on garageband . 
I don뇺 wanna go through the motions , I don뇺 wanna go one more day Without Your all consuming passion inside of me . I don뇺 wanna spend my whole life asking \What if I had given everything ? \ " Instead of going through the motions ... " 
Give me your eyes for just one second . Give me your eyes so I can see everything that I keep missing . Give me your love for humanity . Give me your arms for the broken hearted , the ones that are far beyond my reach . Give me your heart for the ones forgotten . Give me your eyes so I can see . 
Back from a day of airsoft and MW2 . 
Maybe redemption has stories to tell . Maybe forgiveness is right where you fell . Where can you run to escape from yourself ? Where you gonna go ? Where you gonna go ? Salvation is here ... I dare you to move 
Got up , checked the WCSH6 school closings , was really surprised to see no schools listed , took a shower , ate breakfast , started to pack up for school , looked on the site again , and like a billion schools canceled . Good to know how often the site updates ... At least I'm ' awake ' now . 
Ready for the 30 Hour Famine today 
Back from 30 Hour Famine . 
Still doing Adv . Algebra 2 homework ... 
Little darling , the smiles returning to the faces . Little darling , it seems like years since it's been here . Here comes the sun , here comes the sun and I say it's all right 
Thanks for the \Happy Birthday's\ "" 
Happy Pi day ! 
Impossibility is impossible . 
History fair- not the most exciting event ever . 
Almost everything I have done today involved the number 42 . 
Tell me a reason why this isn't treason , Tell me , tell me I'm wrong . I swear I'm back but then it turns out it's only a season , So tell me , tell me I'm wrong 
Airsoft tomorrow . 
Airsoft today was for the most part awesome . 
Here comes the < PROPMALE > , all bow down . Lift up your voices unto the Lamb . He is the < PROPMALE > , all bow down , all bow down . 
What if I stumble , what if I fall ? What if I lose my step and I make fools of us all ? Will the love continue when my walk becomes a crawl ? What if I stumble , and what if I fall ? 
But if we are the Body , why aren't His arms reaching ? Why aren't His hands healing ? Why aren't His words teaching ? ... And if we are the Body , why aren't His feet going ? Why is His love not showing them there is a way ? There is a way ... 
I am free to run , I am free to dance , I am free to live for You , I am free , yes I am free . 
\Dance like no one is looking . Sing like no one can hear . Love like you've never hurt before . Live like there's nothing to fear . \"" 
Found my dream computer , If only I had $ 9,000 lying around I could get it . 
Listening to music on shuffle and getting ready to play some \Warband \"" 
It happens in a blink , it happens in a flash , it happens in the time it takes to look back . I try to hold on tight , but there's no stopping time . What is it I've done with my life ? It happens in a blink . 
Back from my cousin's ... played Wii for half the ride ... thats right , in the car . 
Airsoft in the morning . Should be my first time officially playing with < PROPFIRST > Sawyer since he officially joined the squad . Good to see him on the right side this time . ;) 
Back from a day of airsoft . A little sore . Overall I would say it was a successful training day . 
Batteries for my airsoft gun arrived today . Gonna ' test its RoF . 
SATs in the morning , wish me luck . 
A lot of airsoft today up in Monmouth . Exhausted . Was fun though . 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > Colpitts and < PROPMALE > Colpitts . 
Later I'm off to usher in < PROPFIRST > Colpitts and < PROPFEMALE > Verrill's wedding ! 
Back from < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Colpitts ' wedding . 
Long day of airsoft . Extremely tired and sore . I'm off . 
The day before portfolios are due isn't the best day to find out you don't have everything for it . :| On another note , I think we figure out our SAT scores tomorrow . 
Farming in the morning :| Then having a good friend over . 
Watching some MST3k . 
Just finished making some chocolate chip cookies for chemistry . Taste good , even though I don't think it was the \right\ " recipe . " 
Had a good airsoft day today , mostly . 
Finished the last Monday of the current school year . 
Surprise half-day today . 
Back from camping and hiking . Tired from little rest these last two days . 
Just got my last report card from < PROPMALE > year . Not disappointed . 
Heading out to Gould Farm today until Saturday with my Youth Group . I might have access to Facebook there ... 
Back from Gould Farm . Long trip . 
Relaxing today . Listening to some Kutless and other bands . 
Listening to Sanctus Real , never really listened to them before . 
Pretty hot out . :| 
It was pretty hot today . Working in the fields tomorrow , who wants to help ! 
Im headed to bed before midnight today ?! What a concept ! 
Off to camp . 
Is finally back from camp . 
Back from an airsoft Night Op at the Brenner's . 
Had a grand ol ' time playing Warband with < PROPFIRST > S . tonight . There are screenshots on Xfire for those of you that have it . 
Listening to music and about to start working on my ' letter to self part 2 ' for future perspectives . 
Back from Sea Dogs game . 
No calc homework ? Is this a first , or did I just forget to write it down ? 
I need a costume for tomorrow . :\\ Cartoon day .. 
Aaaaaand Seniors Win ! 
My day : Woke up , ate breakfast , went down the fields , took a half hour break at noon , went back down the fields , got up , took a shower , realize that over half the day is over . What a great Sunday ... 
Wrote a bunch of my autobiography today for Future Perspectives class . No longer worried about it not being long enough . 
Finished stacking all of the wood in the back of the shed . 
Off to the Brenner's for today and tomorrow . 
Went to Wal-Mart with Conant today to accompany him while he got stuff for some enchiladas for Culinary . Did you realize that once you leave school with Senior Privs you aren't allowed to come back ? 
Being sick enough to feel absolutely horrible at school is not fun , especially since I can't really take a sick day with it being mid-terms . 
Working on AP Gov for a good portion of this evening . 
Alright , we have had 5 snowdays . Perfect . Now we just can't get any more , and seniors won't have to make anything up . 
Have a Happy Pi Day everyone ! ? 
