great , its sunday :( 

Almost time for my real summer break 
is still upset but doing a little better 
is AZ magic 
is HP was really good ! 
is in Kansas City !!! 
is midwest 
why is the only thing on tv info comercials ? 
Tucumcari 
American History :( 
Also got her hair cut as well ! 
Likes the 80's better in the movies 
offensive lineman : guard 
Pulling an all nighter for NYC 
Sore and upset from the unfair advantage seniors had over the scoreboard ! So close ... 
uhh , not another sunday 
Just got home from BCP and came in 2nd in casino night !!! 
New York I miss u !!! 
HATE HOMEWORK !!!! 
Halloween I will miss u ! 
headache :( 
hahah ! THE FACEBOOK TRICK : Press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works ... 
Dance show , XCP volleyball winning state , and a meteor shower all in one night 
NEW < PROPFEMALE > OMG !!! Now i need to go to bed and have my wisdom teeth removed 
wisdom teeth are painful and annoying 
was at biltmore fashion square today and met Embry one of the werewolves from New < PROPFEMALE > there ! 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY !!! 
Four score and seven years ago .... have to cont on memorizing the gettsburg address :( 
just got a sweet new blue < PROPFEMALE > laptop 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! Please ?!? 
its SNOWING in Kansas City !!! We r getting snowed in !!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
up in the air was a great movie , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > did a gret job ! 
Just met a fellow jayhawk while leaving flows chines ! Great way 2 end the year ! 
cleaning out the garage sucks !!!!!!!!!! 
Winning Regionals + Seeing Pride and Prejudice + Hanging out with my BFF and watching a Walk To Remember = BEST SATURDAY EVER !!! 
get ready for the government to take over your health care plan .... NOOOOOOO !!! 
Happy Easter !!! This means I can eat the bubble gum eggs in my easter basket ! 
getting ready for the awesome Muse concert with silversun pickups !!!! 
MUSE = BEST CONCERT EVER !!! 
Prom was sooo much fun , the only bad part is that my feet r killing me !!! Also I loved the oxygen bar .... very interesting 
Me cumpleanos es mananna ! Vive la cinco de mayo !!! 
Hola Chicas and chicos !!! Thank you all for the great birthday wishes !!! They r very much appreciated !!! 
tubing can really make a person sore and have a blast 
My heart will go on !!! Especially with my heart of the ocean necklace ! 
What kind of people egg houses ??? Jerks and loseres do !!! 
Lets remember all the brave Americans who gave up there lives to fight for our country . Happy Memorial Day !!! 
The water at U of A is orange 
Tuscon is going good 
Finally going home !!! 
brand new car just died now im stuck @ the dentist 
Eclipse Premire than kansas 2morow ! 
No fireworks 2nite- in kansas and its pouring rain ! Anyway Happy 4th of July ! 
University of Kansas 
Inception was WOW ! 
In chicago and my hotel is looking out of the set of transformer 3 ! im keeping my eyes out for shia ! 
Well we're not in Kansas anymore 
Inception was even better the second time around ! 
FINALLY DONE !!!! :) 
Yogurtini !!! 
Just witnessed a bank robery , thats not something u c everyday ! 
College Fair with KU 2nite !!! 
GOOD JOB 2NITE SENIORS !!! WAY 2 GO !!! 
Wonderful Day and Night !!! 
HOMECOMING WAS A BLAST !!! 
Its Raining Snow in Phoenix !!! Whats up with that ??? 
Life as we know it was really cute :) 
New York New York here i come ! 
Phantom of the Opera was wonderful in nyc ! 
Fear Farm !!! 
Dobby !!! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! What I am thankful for ..... Being an official JAYHAWK @ KU :) and of course my loving family and fabulous friends !!! 
The stupid clouds are going to block the lunar eclipse !!! :( 
SNOW IN PHOENIX ?!?! Must be the end of the world ! 
Head hurts from jumping up and down @ hoopcoming !!! Had a blast though :) 
can you sparknote the bible , or is that looked down upon ??? 
gas leak @ school and of course xcp wont let us leave . can any one say lawsuit ? 
Father Daughter Dance was a BLAST !!! 
Mock Trial and rain dont mix well 2gether :( 
The Kings Speech :) 
Regionals 2day ! 
1rst place in regionals !!! Thats 3 in a row ! 
HAIRSPRAY !!! 
I am #4 was actually a good movie ! 
3rd in state !! next is fashionshow ! 
