is of the opinion that essays should write themselves ... 

Every man builds his world in his own image . He has the power to choose , but no power to escape the necessity of choice . -- Ayn Rand 
is frustrated with her independent studys ; but is feeling much better about that EE ... 
Be not simply good - be good for something . -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
has an engagement shoot tonight . nervous . 
got a photograph in the fair ! 
Fact : Cherokee warriors were required to purify their spirit after warfare , or they would not be allowed to rejoin society . There is something to be learned from that idea ... 
is researching majors [[ medical illustration ]] . 
got her license today . 
is going to Drake to finish her EE tomorrow , anyone interested in joining me ? 
is off to work ... unfortunately ! ( Wish I could be outside in the amazing weather ! ) 
got a new job . 
is photographing a wedding today . 
got a puppy . What should I name him ? 
Got an award tonight at the < PROPMALE > Center 
missed sleeping in this morning 
had a good day . : ) 
feels the pain of application essay procrastination ... 
is over the word count ( 850 words ) : ( 
does not want to venture out into the cold , cold world ( to gather information about a man with a cold , cold heart ) ... 
had a really good run tonight ( even with the cold) ! 
-- TOK , you are not a friend ... but a fiend ... 
\I can't believe that we would lie in our graves wondering if we had spent our living days well . I can't believe that we would lie in our graves dreaming of things that we might have been . \ " ( I'm a little addicted to DMB today ... ) " 
believes that size of mess created is directly proportional to artistic genius ( or hopes , I made my first rubber mold today . ) 
is struggling to focus . I want to be rid of Stalin ( history IA ) , but then again so did Russia in 1932 ... and that resulted in the Purges : ( 
Thank goodness prodictivity is a relative term ; ) 
it was a day for finishing things ... 
took the political compass quiz , and is in the dead center of the spectrum . ( That proves it--I'm a mess of contradictions ) 
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do ; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it ( birthday present to myself ... ) 
tried to make coffee w/o the grounds ... It's been that kind of a weekend :/ 
is uttering audible sounds again ... 
Focusing could be an issue tonight ... 
Conciencia es limitada , prespective es eterna 
just discovered a < PROPMALE > scholarship essay contest and could not be happier 
signed a housing contract , finally . 
recieved a IB diploma and a 7 in < PROPMALE > . 
got her housing assignment today , a single in Friley . I can't believe I got it after signing so late ! 
misses her car , which is in the shop for the week . ; / 
Discovered she might be a morning person . 
starts training at the Iowa State Daily tomorrow ! 
Isu photo training- Anyone have story ideas ? 
Want your picture in the daily ? I'm documenting move in . Let me know when and where if your interested . 
is buying the adobe design suite today ! Then ' shopping and uploading photowalk awesomeness . 
is importing all of the Franz < PROPMALE > cds that the ISU library owns ... I <3 college ... 
Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > Bonney , for helping me make my deadline and some wonderful images all in the same night ! 
morning rock out session with the White Stripes ... 
Must get a feature photo , now . Wish me luck ... 
Here's to old friends . I had a great time destressing with @ < PROPFIRST > Shipley and @ < PROPFEMALE > Morrison . Love you guys ! 
it's friday . period . 
Octagon < PROPMALE > fest ... I think so ! 
Monday , you were not kind to me . Time for chocolate ice cream and House . : ) 
spent dsn183 analyzing photos , it was a relaxing hour . 
photoshoot and wanton soup ... it was a good night ! 
I must drive to ames now . And go to the studio ... ugh . 
and @ < PROPFEMALE > Mackay have decided that success is best measured in espresso machines . 
I really shouldn't leave my facebook open at the daily 8 ) 
is cold . Oh , how I wish they would turn the heat on in Friley ! I've had to resort to studying in bed . 
Farve set a career record , 446 passing yards . Not bad . 
< s > Discussion < /s > 
You know you go to the cafe too much when the have your order memorized : ) 
DSN 183 , because studying architectual history and urban planning is the best way to spend a saturday night .... 
One down ! : ) 
Dear night labs , I haven't missed you . 
