goin swimin at greenbrier today .. you should come ! 

almost home tonight .. be there do it 
is in the mood for you know what ? <<<< yes that is a question so try to answer ! 
wow what a night ! 
soooooooo fuckin bored 
goin for a ride on the bike this mornin , then barrys wedding .... Doin it ! 
drunk wasted and hungover !!!!!!!!!! 
madden time ! do it ! 
the titans need to woop pitts ass tonight 
stupid funny , finally off work .. GOOO Ravens 
GO B-MORE 
anyone got the madden on the box hit me up diggy82 join my online franchise , named Digg It 
Goin Ridin ! txt it . 
GOOO B-MORE !!!!! 
get on the madden now ! 
im ready for madden 
no txt no calls today ! dont know , dont care ! fuck the vikings bum fuck lucky fucks ! 
red caffee on saturday !!! then maybe ollies 
not sure whats goin on tonight now .... freakkk 
GO B-MORE !!!!!!!!! 
im in a real good mood ! GO RAVENS 
GO FUCKIN RAVENS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Q : Why are bananas crooked542542 : Bananas are curved because of the phototropic chemical Auxin which makes them grow towards the sun . 
happy new year everybody 
happy new year east coast ! one love ! 
had a blast last night !!! 
ordered some beeswax and some new pockets today , so next weekend we might be playin pool again ! 
sooo freakin bored right now . 
in g-land not doin a damn thing tonight .... 6 hours ahead ..... 
here and live !!! 
jäger bombs all night 
yup counting down the last few days of my vaca ...... :( 
only 5 more days ! :( 
party til the sun comes up ...... getting wasted tonight ! again ! lmao 
only one more day hot damn it !!!!! 
back home tomorrow :( 
yup yup im home now :( :P tired 
i found some more pics , i will try to post them soon ... 
let it snow let it snow let it snow .... im ready for some warm weather !!!!! 
fresh as ever ... goin out tonight ! you know its all about the jaeger bombs !!! 
bored 
lets see how much snow we really get .....!!!! 
post your snow pics everyone ! DO IT ! 
forgotten ! 
yes or no is sufficent ! Have you ever taken a cold shower after the gym ...... in the winter ? hahaha i just did , fuckers didn't have no hot water and i was not about to go home stinky . <<<<< lmao <<<<< Moron 
anticipating ...... but nothing ... 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Cute . 16 : Generous 17 : Smart Ass . 
can't sleep <<< once again :( 
Wish I could keep you much longer I know you gotta go cause you got things to do Wish I could keep you much longer Now you too busy for me girl , like I was to you 
DAMN the green beer , DAMN the < PROPFEMALE > trash cans , and DAMN working 5 days a week ..... im stiil feelin it ! 
I'm taking the bike out , wave at me if you can look that fast ....... 
i got pulled over today on the bike for the first time .... and walked away with some minor fine .... i had a very ( lucky ) da thank you God ! 
man , i wanna go back to sleep . eish i didnt have to work today , damn the rocket fuel ........ 
just one of those nights where i wish i had blunt !!! 
chillaxin saturday !!!!! :-D 
anyone watching the draft ? 
you all a bunch of fuckin assholes !!!!!!! 
u need people like me ! 
tryin to get motivated for something ! 
bout to chew down some wings at the brickhouse ! ;~) 
more wings tonight at ollies anyone wanna come out .......??????? 
looking forward to saturday ! :) 
almost 3 and i cant sleep ... oh dow i love it ! 
bike runs the way it needs to ..... GREAT ! 100% and i love it ! 
its 82 ? outside and im suck in here til 7 ! WTF !?!?!?!? 
what is everyone doin today ? im bored i need to get out the house 
wanna go for a walk in the rain ? 
18 holes in greencastle today ..... vood luck to us ! 
whats on ur mind ? 
had a good time last night ..... gotta do that again sometime ! :) 
happy mothersday to all you mommies out there ! 
35cent wings at the brickhouse tonight .... who joining me ....... and dont say i didnt tell u , cause i just did ! oh around 7 - 7.30 i will be there .... 
hi ! my name is .....? hi ! my name is ....? 
How many times is it appropriate to say \What ? \ " before you\ 
chillin at the crib havin some beers ... 
so im at the brick again more wings more beer !!!! muahhahahaha ! 
story of my fuckin life ..... 
so ! exactley what is better , then takin a poop at work , and getting paid overtime for it ? hahaha ..... ur sick < PROPFIRST > ur sick ! 
Its Sunday ! Whats on your mind ? 
35 cent wings at the brickhouse tonight ! between 7- 8 pm ! be there ! 
and a banana split to top it all of ..... oh wow . how good it is 
almost on our way to ocean city !!!!!!!!!! yeyeah !!!! 
another beautifull day in the city ! today could be a good day :) 
if u dont know the true meaning of wasted then u come see us and we will show u ! haha 
Patron , watermelon pucker and red bull , its called a tampa bay bomb and we are doing them all day long so dont hate , appreciate !!!!!! i love u alll !!! u think im wasted ??????? haha i am !!!! 
on our way home .... what a great weekend . 
anything good goin on tonight ? hit me up ! asap im tryin to chill 
im leavin and goin nowhere , i meet ya when i see ya ... peace 
thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday ! i be at the brickhouse tonight !!!! 
ok so im bout to get my wisdome teeth pulled ..... hope its not gonna bother me too much 
cookout at my house saturday ! if u can read this u are invited ! BYOB ! 
cookout at my house saturday . 5 pm ! if u can read this , u are invited . BYOB ! 
dont forget , cookout at my house today , 5pm BYOB !!!!!! 
thanks for coming over everyone !!!! good times !!!!! 
fifa forever !!!?? 
i wish i had some cheesecake :) 
wish you were here !!!! 
im hungry ! 
completly numb !!! :-) 
home sweet home for the weekend !!! :) 
thought about goin out , but f ... it i stay in n save some money ! :) 
awesome night ! you shoulda been there ! haha 
at barries chillin ! 
at the brickhouse for some wings ! Stop by , or not ! I be here for a lil bit . 
hi 
i woke up about a hour ago , and cant seem to go back to sleep , wtf ???? 
in school you are tought a lesson and then given a test . In life , you're given a test that teaches you a lesson . 
hawaiien toast it is for tonight ! 
pool night at my house ! 
today is being lazy day for me .... all day ... :) 
Lets go germany lets go !!!! 
Try not to become a man of success , but rather try to become a man of value ! 
We do not remember days , we remember moments . The richness of life lies in memories we have forgotten ! 
I guess ima go check out this place named jaspers and see what's up ! Hit me up ! 
Let's go germany let's go ! 
Time you enjoy wasting was not wasted ! 
i really need to get my pc online .... 
Chicken coronblue mashed potatoes and gravy .... Mmmmhh good ! 
happy fathers day to all you dads out there ! 
35 cent wings at brickhouse tonight be there or be square , doesn't matter cause I will be there :) 
Just got done mowing my grass , now it can rain all it wants to . I don't care :) 
Ole , ole ole ole ole , olee germany ! 
To get something you never had , you have to do something you never did ! 
And yes I beat wee to the brickhouse 
How low cam u go ? Nrickhouse is where its at :) 
How low can u goi brickhouse is where its at !!!!! 
You shoyldfa camew out !!!! 
I got a milliion ways to get it ! 
This nap was great , I want to go back to sleep but I wanna enjoy the the rest of the day too ;) 
Ole ole ole oleole ole , deutschland , ole ole oleoleole ole deutschland !!!! 
Goin to the brickhouse for some wings now , wanna join me hit me up ! 
Its gonna be a extremely busy day !!!! :( :) 
Awesome , had a blast last night ! :) hope the women are not too mad !!! :) 
Ole , germany , ole ole , ole germany , ole 
Happy 4th I'm gettin twisted already .... 
I'm bored ! I think ima go to bed early tonight :( 
You all already know , wings for 35 cent today at the brickhouse ! Be there or .... Or 
40 grad I'm schatten , wtf 
Das ist was passiert wenn mann hinten rum steht und wartet das der gegner ein tor schiesst , wie laecherlich , mir kommts kotzen !! 
The shit that goes through my head when I have tie to think , wow ! 
1 question , 1 < PROPMALE > , 1 honest answer . You can ask me 1 question TO MY INBOX , anything no matter how crazy . No catch . Dare to post this to your profile and see ! 
Let's see if I can actually get some sleep tonight ! 
I want ice cream , darn it 
Just one of those nights where I keep waking up :( 
Brickhouse tonight , 10 dollar all u can drink all u want no matter what , from 9 to 11 
Fuck the world , its mine !!!!! 
Goij for a ride , hopefully the roads are hot and sticky :) 
These are the days of our lives , like coke , they want us to straight drop , but we rise ! 
tonight OPEN MICTuesday : $1 < PROPMALE > Light draftsWednesday : Toga party : don't be scared , we're all going to do it . Just get your stained up bed sheet and come outThursday : Luau Hawaiian Dinner for Relay for life - please come out and support a good causeSaturday : Wet T-Shirt Contest - $100 prize for 1st place !! 
12 wings , 3 heiniken + 1 , 1 jaeger bomb , 1shot of < PROPFEMALE > water , and 1 shot of 99 bananas , do u think I'm feeling good ? lmfao 
Wasted on a monday , wtf ? Hahaha 
Man , life takes some really weird turns !?! 
finally got my pc back online ..... yeyeaaaa ! 
Ok , so I wasn't gonna go out tonight , but I guess the brickhouse it is ! 
Super lazy hot saturday . Layin in bed watching a movie ! 
Playin some pool at my crib , anyone wanna chill ! 
I'm hunrgy ! 
\Easier said then done\ " \ 
I got a feeling , that tonights gonna be a good night 
Yes I actually feel the alcohol from last night , still ! :( 
Get < PROPMALE > or die tryin ! Get < PROPMALE > or die tryin ! GET < PROPMALE > OR DIE TRYIN ! 
Brickhouse , 9 to 11 10 dollars to get in , drink all u want what u want !!!!! :) 
Wasted ! 
What time did I leave the club last night ? 
Fifa la fifa , i should go get the madden tonight ! 
Super lazy saturday , don't feel like doin shit ! 
Someone write something that is actually worth reading darn it ! 
Today , give a stranger one of your smiles . It might be the only sunshine they will see all day ! -H . < PROPMALE > Brown Jr 
Life is like a piano ! What you get out of it , depends on how you play it ! \ 
- < PROPMALE > Lehrer 
Shoulda came by ! 
Wings wings wings !!!! one day I will fly !!!! Till then , I eat them ! Lol 
Everybody has their own story ! 
So ???? What if ???? 
Lost in my own thoughts ! 
You know , sometimes life throws us in some really werid situations , what we make out of them is up to us . 
If you can finish the next sentence correcytly , I will buy you breakfast , lunch or dinner ! I am so ..... ???? 
Dis is the girl of my dreams !!!! :) check out that song :) 
another day , another $1 ! it will be a busy one . 
“I'm a murder police . I work murders . I don't f**k with no make-believe . I don't jerk sh*t around . I catch a murder , and I work it . ”- Bunk 
Failure is not asingle , cataclysmic event . We do not fail overnight . Failure is theinevitable result of an accumulation of poor thinking and poor choices . To put it more simply , failure is nothing more than a few errors injudgment repeated every day . ~ Jim Rohn 
This monday and every monday , 35 cent wings at the brickhouse , 7 pm see you there ! -diggy 
:) 
Twisted , take it how u want it ! 
Just seen that baltimore is playin , I forgot all about it ! 
I'm not allowed to be facebooking tonight , I'm not drunk yet so hahaha 
Do you believe in GOD ? 
Over at mikes cookout , chillin ! 
I'm up . Trying to get motivated for all this shit that I gotta do . 
Motivation is 0 . Lazy has taken over , better luck in the next hour . 
Ok fuck it , music , shower , bills , inside outside , then softball !!!!! Later 
Cookout at justins to finish this beautiful day ! 
I'm going to out¡ack tonight for dinner , if anyone wants join me , you are more then welcome to ! 
Is at outback bout to order ! 
Outback was good , stupid dumb waiter thoygh . Lol 
On my way home now ! What a day :) 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity < PROPFEMALE > real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for ... stupidity , but we can raise awareness ....... 93% won't copy and paste this because they don't know how to copy and paste 
ok guys , I'm gonna need some help painting my basement this weekend , and I'm cooking some burgers and dogs on the grill sunday starting at 1 , bring some beers and NFL Redzone will be on ! 
Life ! Sometimes , we can't have what we want ! -damn ! 
On the way to hershey , hope u guys have fun at work !!!! Loosers hahahaha 
Leaving hearshey now , and I am < PROPFEMALE > beat ! Had a blast though ! 
Painting the basement , cookin out later , stop by for some football , burgers , dogs and beers ! Beers < PROPMALE > hahaha 
Great day all the way around ! Shitty ending , some people need to grow up ! 
Always remember , it could be worse ! 
What time is it ? 
Jaeger bombs , to drink away this horrible offensive start ! 
Ok I'm heading to the bedroom now , I'm so freaking exhausted and tired and drained and ... 
And that my friends was Baltimore football !!!! That's how we hit in B More !!! Go < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 52 !!! 
Refresh ! Refresh ! Refresh !!! 
im sooo freaking tired , and it looks like i have a very busy day tomorrow . overtime overtime overtime , show me that paper ... damn i wish i wouldnt have to work for money ! 
ºRAVENS WAVE !! : „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº LETS GO RAVENS ! ¤¤º°¨¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º °¨„ø¤º°¨¨°ºL-E-T-S GO ! „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤LET'S GO RAVENS ! ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øºL-E-T-SGO ! ¤¤º°¨ ¨°¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨RAVENS WAVE : „ø¤º°¨¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVEGOING¸„ø¤º°¨ ... ¨ ... °º ...... ¤øº LETS GO RAVENS ! ¤¤º°\ " , 201 0-0 9-15 22:51:21 " 
I told myself I wasn't going to get hammered tonight !!! Too late now lol fuck ! 
Ok , so I go to dunkin donuts this morning , and I order 4 cheddar bagel twists and a large coffee with creme ! I get 3 bagel twists abd a large coffee with creme and sugar ????? Wtf !!! 
A long day at work , a 22 heineken , and jammin some old school jamz at the crib ? 
Smash mouth football time ! 
Back to fukcin work !!! Wooohoo I'm fing pissed ! 
Fresh cut , fresh shape , fresh fresh fresh ! Monday night football and some wings !!!! 
And I got a feeling its gonna be packed in here tonight , not sure why ? 
I'm heading up ! Swisher my style ! Forget about everything fo now ! 
I just swallowed a bug I thin ' , I was tryin to take a drink from my can of rootbeer and swalloed something and spit the whole rootbeer . Everywhere hahahah 
OTL !!!! 
Headin to outback , anyone wanna join , I be at the bar ! 
Tonight can't be that night ! 
dont be mad steeler fans ..... it only gonna happen one more time this year , hehehe ! seriously though , it was a tough game ! 
Its monday , time for some wings and beer ! :) 
some things we just can not change .... deal with it ! 
Just got off work , bout to take a shower . Contemplating on going out ???? Hmm , prob wouldn't do be no bad if I didn't ??!!?? 
Frickin bored 
At the brickhouse , makin up for what I missed friday night ! 
Next time you go to the bar , order a < PROPFIRST > lohan = a red headed slut with a shot of coke ! \ 
\ 
Its a good one :) 
If you live your life in the past , you waste the life you have to live ! 
Oh sooo borred , what is going on everybody ! I need to get out the house ! 
Way too early to be up , but I can't sleep no more ! Darn it ! 
Gonna watch the fight at my house , if anyone wants to see it . 
2/3 of the world are covered by water the other 3rd by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
What a freakin day ! Think I'm gonna stay in tonight , I'm so freakin hungry though ! 
Party time ! Mo-Town here we come !!!! 
What a weird fuckin night yo haha !!! 
Ok so I said I wasn't gonna get drunk and I'm nearly fucked but far from wasted hahahaha one thursday at a time !!!!! :) 
Contemplating on going out !?!?!? 
im < PROPFEMALE > fucking tired of this shit , why cant i go out and party without there being some shit !!!!! 
Ohh sooo tired !!! 
most of these niggas just hatein because i think different !!! 
question to everyone ..... its a yes or no answer please ..... should i go get a coffee today before work ? 
I am at war with myself and uncertain who's gonna win ?!? 
Go Ravens ! 
I'm starting to get hungry !!! darn it !!! 
life is like a movie , u just don't have the backround music ! ( all the time ) 
if I don't make it to work tomorrow then I'm probably in jail !!! come bail me out ! lol 
good night everybody , I be up in about three hours or so hahaha !!!!! 
what a monday night ! :) 
happy thanksgiving ! 
where else would I rather be then work ? 
man , I wanna go to sleep < PROPFEMALE > oo bad , I am < PROPFEMALE > freakin tired ! 
my mind is full of philosophies tonight , racing without a finish line in sight ! 
at BWW getting my wings ! 
good times on monday night ! :) good night ! 
so I came home earlier then usual , and it don't seem right ??? confused haha 
I need to get out of this phase 
its snowing !!!! 
:) waiting , waiting waiting :) 
somebody post something interesting please 
the skins suck !!!! they can't catch anything 
let's go Ravens !!!!! 
who woulda thought , that there would be that many Ravens fans in a Steelers bar ! 
to all the steeler fan out there ! please advise mr. rothlesberger / mr. rape / mr. broken foot but I take off like a running back , that lying is immoral and as a role model this is not what u should be doing ! 
ice boxn and I know why ! haha 
you aint got it , you aint got it , the theory is brilliant ! 
another day , lets get it ! 
why am i always hungry ? :) 
so , i was going to cook some bangin a55 spaghetti today , but I forgot something at the store . :( so , I'm just gonna make em tomorrow , because I don't feel like leavin the house . I am so horrible hihihihi ! 
i think i ate too much , i cant sleep ! shoooot ! 
ok , here we go . let's cook ! :D 
is fuckin pissed ! 
contemplating !?!? 
i think ima hit the gym ! 
poker night it is ! give me your money peeps ! 
as kids we believe that everything is possible ! the trick is , to never forget it . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
another day , another dollar ! < PROPFEMALE > 
first to post it , its snowing ! lol 
i gotta go ! 
i gotta go home , fuck ! 
im home , good night ! 
bored ! 
are we capable of changing fate ? 
wtf man , why they not showing thr baltimore game in the baltimore area ? who the f cares about the colts ???? seriously , really really ? 
go jets , jets , jets ! 
looks like im getting my rails and my felt today !!!! might even go and get the paint ... 
I love fresh bagels with cream cheese and coffee in the morning ! 
write something interesting , maybe I leave u a comment ! but don't cry if I do ! 
well , not a winner tonight ! :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Greatest man in History , Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master , had no degree , yet they called him Teacher , had no medicines , yet they called him Healer , had no army , yet kings feared him , won no military battles , yet he conquered the world , committed no crime , yet they crucified him ... He was buried in a tomb , yet he lives today . Repost if you believe in your heart HE is the REASON for the SEASON 
listening to some christmas jingles , playin some Fifa , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas again , I hope everyone of you has a great evening ! 
and to all my Fam here and in germany , I love ya all !!!! 
won't someone volunteer and get me a coffee with french vanilla creme please ! this machine here has bugs in it ! 
Sometimes ... when you cry ... no one sees your tears ... Sometimes ... when you are in pain ... no one sees your hurt ... Sometimes ... when you are worried .... no one sees your stress ... Sometimes ... when you are happy ... no one sees your smile ...... But try masturbating in Walmart parking lot just one fucking time & see how much fucking attention you get . Can someone pick me up from the police station ? 
I wuensch < PROPFIRST > in deutschland einen guten rutsch , feiert schoen und seit vorsichtig ! :) 
does anyone have a used AT&T BlackBerry for sale ? 
most of the time , people don't realize what they have , until they loose it ! but by that time its usually too late . be thankful for what you have , stop complaning about what you don't have ! good night ! 
hoping for a Bird Bowl !!! Go Ravens !!! 
HACKER WARNING ! There is a new way to hack your Facebook . A Notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status , it will open a new < PROPFEMALE > and tell you to re-enter your Facebook user name and password . The < PROPFEMALE > looks just like the FB login < PROPFEMALE > so be on the look out !! plz repost this to your status to ............ let your Facebook friends know 
Everything starts with discipline !!! 
An Eagles fan , a Steelers fan and a Ravens fan are climbing a mountain and arguing about who loves his team more . The Eagles fan says he's the most loyal and shouts , ' This is for the Eagles!' and throws himself off the mountain . The Ravens fan is next to profess his love for his team . He yells , ' This is for EVERYONE!' and pushes the Steelers fan off the mountain ... 
i told ya als i wasnt going to sleep well tonight ! dag nab it ! 
hahaha people think they are slick .... when really they are opening the book and screaming \ read me \ " hahaha " 
ok , so there goes the idea of leaving early haha 
today is the day , win or go home ! go Ravens ! 
a heineken and a jaeger bomb , cheers to the ravens , hope we can beat these steelers 
she asked me , are you romantic ? I said nah I'm a freak , ford explorer , you + me , back seat ! 
just blank for now ! 
hungry !!!!! 
oh wow , it had to be a good one when your still drunk when you are waking up , right ? :D 
we have a cheater at this poker table .... not to mention any names .... < PROPFEMALE > lol 
victory !!!! muahahahaha ! 
ok , so after friday night and me not remembering a whole lot of it , I do remember everything from tonight !!!! :D 
Its Monday , let's see how it plays out ! wings and beer tonight :) ! 
woohooo snow day !!!! oh wait , I'm not in school anymore :( . oh well let it snow anyway ! 
Snow boarding , Skiing or Snow tubing ??? I'm going to white tail or some other winter resort ..... anyone wanna come along and make it a little more fun , let me know ! 
what you see , depends on what you are looking for ! 
south park it is ! 
ok , so saturday is it . a fun day in the snow . not sure about the time yet , but I will post more info tomorrow .... if you are thinking about going .... you should let me know .. but only if you are serious about it , no BS ! 
make money or spent money ? 
no snow boarding today , but we'll do this next weekend ! 
I just heard some birds chirp oudside ... that must mean Spring is right around the corner ... wooo hooo ! 
ok , so this guy has his child hostage in his house , in my neighborhood ! surrounded by the POPO ... 
update on hostage situation , Cops are eating pizza ! 
update ... the man came out and surrendered ! 
anyone feel like goin out to eat ? 
wtf is going on in this game ????? I mean , seriously ? really ? lol 
its snowingagain ! :) 
to change who you are , you have to change what you do ! 
ok , last night I had the worst Outback experience ever ! I will never eat at the bar again , and prob not eat there for a while ! horrible service , overcooked food , extremely long wait to get another drink and then it took for ever to be able to pay ?! wtf 
if perfect's what you searchin for , then just stay the same ! :-) 
all eyes on me ... but only GOD can juge me ! 
ok , I guess I'm up 
fuck you ! 
ok , so how about we celebrate the middle of the week today ? :) if you don't ... well I am ! haha 
ok , so I have the perfect profile pic , but I am not allowed to post it ! :-) dag nab it ! 
wake up in 5 hours ! blah , feel like saying fuck it , but fuck it , it pays the bills ! 
ok , to all mothers out there .... how far along do you have to be before the doc takes an ultra sound where you can actually see the baby ? 
contemplating if I should ... :-P 
spaghetti tonight ! :) 
who's doin what ? anyone want to ride to hagerstown ? 
Have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately ? That's because Facebook made a change . You only see posts from people you interact with regularly . To change this : Scroll down to the bottom of the news feed on the homepage and click on ' Edit Options ' , click on ' Show Posts From ' and change the setting to ' All Of Your Friends and Pages ' * REPOST AND LET EVERYONE KNOW ! 
Gotta clean this house today and don't feel like it ! :( 
supposedly I already know you , now I just gotta figure out who you are ! :-) 
to all my single lady friends .... won't you be my < PROPFIRST > ? :-) 
sometimes I open my eyes and show you my soul .... its up to you to see it ! 
another day in paradise ! 
just got home .... i am sooo freaking tired , i think ima pull a Lui today ! takin a nap , before i go to sleep ! haha 
is the middle of the week day , and im thinking about it !!! hahaaa :P 
Don't burn bridges , show appreciation to ya friends . Say thank you and make sure they know u have their back . Shout out to you . Thanks to all those ppl who been friends throughout . 
gonna take the bike to work today , first ride of the year !!! woohooo . I hope she runs the way she's suppose to ! 
ok , heute wird noch einmal so richtig gefeiert , und < PROPFEMALE > ist erst mal schluss fuer ein paar wochen/ monate ! last friday for me to go out , then im taking a break for a couple weeks/ months ! 
celecrating the beginning of a new week , heineken and wings ... could it be better ? ( dont answer that ! ) 
to all my friends that use the term lls .... shit cant laugh , it stinks ! 
is a steak and cheese sub after working out a bad idea ? ( keep in mind , I'm starving , and a lil sore) ???? 
I don't like spending my money ! \ I love it \"!" 
woman of my dreams , I don't sleep so I can't find her ! 
think ima stay in ... 
I think about more then I forget ! good night , maybe I dream of you while I'm resting ! 
I need my felt put on my pool table and apparently robbies billiards does not want my business ! so anyone know anybody .... please let me know . 
just took the bike for a ride and relieved some stress , think I'm going to take a nap now ! 
oh happy monday , i hope it gets better ! 
ok so I made it home ... but my truck died 2 drive ways away from my house hahahaha wtf ! dag nab that alternator ! 
90/ 10 today again ! 90% of things that happen to us , we can't control . but 10% is our reaction to those things that happen to us , which we can control ! react positively and thing might turn out real good , react negatively and things might turn to shit ! your call 
ok I need some suggestions here . I am making grilled chicken tonight , what goes good with that ? 
sls !!! ewww ! 
talkin to myself , cause I am my own consultant ! 
should i go out or should i stay in ? majority rules ! 
I need a tea and some breakfast ! 
seems like i always had crushes on chicks i couldnt have , and then ended up fuckin with someone i shouldnt have ! J . Cole 
i'm perfect for her i gotta show her , but sadly in reality dawg , I don't even know her ! 
chchchchchchch ! 
the reason why I haven't say hi to < PROPFIRST > yet is because of my agoraphobia ! ;) 
du hast eine meinung , und die steht dir zu , so < PROPFEMALE > du dahinter stehst ! aber bitte verurteile mich nicht weil ich einer anderen meinung bin ! 
nap time ! 
taking it easy tonight , chillin at the crib ! 
Madden tournament , anyone interested ??? 
ok FYI , my phone is broke , i cant txt , call or check my facebook ..... until i get a new one !!!! 
Ok , I got a new phone and I wasn't able to transfer my < PROPFIRST > , so txt me 
