I can't wait to have an Office Space Party for my old computer that's the size of a TV and takes 5 minutes to load a page ... Bring your own bat lol :) 

I just made the BEST tropical protein shake ever !! Maybe I should open my own shop haha 
Why can't I sleep like a normal person !! 
I am ready for a canoe trip 
It's gonna be 92 degrees today , I was invited to a pool party , my family is having a reunion , and I am stuck in class all day until 9:30 pm ... 
I love warm summer nights ! 
haha .. 
If you could go on a 2 mth paid vacation anywhere in the world where would you go ? 
I was invited to Bar Louies but I can't find the energy to doll up ... 
Is it Fall already lol ... Brrr ! 
I watched Moonwalker for the 1st time and I am a fan 
Off to Biology ... 
huuhhh ... 
I guess it's time to move on ... 
I have a bottle of bubbly and the night off :) 
I didn't choose it , it chose me ... 
I went to bed at 2:30 am & awoke @ 7am . I need to work on my sleep schedule ! Especially cuz this is common for me .... k off to class till 9:30 pm 
Ahhh ... homework ! 
7 days untill DMB :) 
FYI ... It's not a good idea to sprain your wrist if you're a server ! 
Wanna be a -- baller , shot caller Twenty inch blades -- on the Impala 
< PROPMALE > Matthews concert today .... wish I could be happy 
I love productive mornings ! I have already accomplished 80% of my list & it's only noon ... 
Note to self ... Do Not keep poisonous Croton plants where Pavarotti can eat them !!!! 
I wish these girls would shut up !!! It's a study area and some of us are actually studying ... 
I can't believe how quickly this day is going ... it needs to slow down ! 
Ok ... it's 3am and I hopefully will be going to bed within 30 < PROPFEMALE > . 
I woke up humming the < PROPFEMALE > Garden Soup & Salad song ... it\s posted on my wall " 
I just had Coconut Oil dropped in my eye and I couldn't see for about 10 min ... but at least I smell like coconuts 
The definition of this week is HELL ! I have a ton of assignments due , bills to pay , and 3 exams ... 
I am about to go get a ladder and climb myself to cloud 9 !! 
I'm gonna have a niece in December :) 
I have cleaned , studied , studied some more , about to go for a run , then study more b4 my exam ... it's an exciting day - not ! 
Just finished a 10 mile bike ride :) Sooo thirsty ... 
There is hope after-all ... 
Enjoying a strawberry chocolate smoothie ... mmm Thanx < PROPMALE > 
Haha between the combination of never-ending Salad/Soup , Breadstix , and Pasta bowls ... u would think dessert would be out .... somehow people manage to squeeze it in ?! With all that running back and forth they better leave me a good tip lol 
Just getting home from the OG ... the night went better than anticipated :) 
Is it winter already ... 
What would you do oOoO for a Klondike Bar ? 
uuhhh .... I don't feel well & I have a final exam @ 6pm :( 
Did Super awesome on my cumulative Biology Final :) 1 down ... 2 to go 
Got a 96% on my Sociology Final Exam !!! Next up ... Psychology Final @ 6 . Wish me luck :) 
I just juiced 13 lemons & used the zest to make limoncello ... now what do I make with 4 cups of lemon juice lol 
:) 
I guess I'll try to go to sleep ... since I have to get up in a few hrs . 
Off to work my 3rd double in a row . 
I am grateful to be starting a new day ! Almost anything will be better than yesterday ! 
Watching Labyrinth !! :) 
Thank God today is over ! 
It's so gorgeous outside I hope the whole weekend is like this ! 
I think I'm gonna watch a movie and have a glass of wine :) 
Getting ready for an OAR concert and packing for Tawas :) 
On our way to the pirate ship at the peir then to the beach :) 
What an awesome weekend ! I had lots of fun and made it safely back to Novi ... just in time for the Fall Semester 2 start 
On my way to Yoga :) 
On my way to Church . 
What a beautiful day ! 
I went to go see The Phantom of the Opera yesterday and it was AMAZING !!! The entire day , was one of the best Sunday's so far :) 
I can't believe < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is making us wait untill 03-10-2010 for the release of < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland !! Not nice < PROPMALE > lol 
I wish I could watch the U of M game tomorrow but I have 2 work :( 
Nite all ! 
went to bed @ 4:45 am , awoke @ 9:45 am , & now on my way to church . 
I guess I have to get ready for work ... 
I can't believe I went to bed at 2 and was up at 5 ... really !? 3 hrs !? Y can't I sleep like a normal person lol 
My agent name is 0014 cuz I'm twice as smart as 007 ... 
I currently am in love with Two Hours Traffic .... and I'm not talking about sitting in traffic for 2 hrs ! lol 
Just finished 236 math problems ... thats not bad compared to the last assignment . lol I better do well on my exam tomorrow !!! 
Does any1 want to come clean my bedroom & do my laundry , please ? I have to go to work ... 
I think soup , salad and beadstick's should be $12 , all the time . After all it is umlimited & I don't like running a marathon for $1.50 ... $3 sounds more resoniable lol 
\I'm so happy I can't even feel my arms ! \ " -Will Ferrell- " 
Happy Halloween Everyone ! 
I love beer .. especially a beer that tells me when it's cold ! Mountains are blue ... time to drink 
If I missed tagging someone ... don't take it personal . It's a lot of Freakin pics ... tag urself lol 
I think I'm gonna hide everything with bleach in it so my roommate can't find it . If I didn't know better I'd think I was running a chemical factory out of my apartment lol 
Stopping at the Lebanese Store , then heading north to Tawas :) Happy Turkey Day wkd everyone ! 
It's a great day ... for me to whoop somebodies ass ! It's a bad day ... so you better get off my back ! You might get co-cocked ... if you cross my path ! Cuz it's a great day ... for me to whoop somebodies ass ! 
:) I feel like I'm bipolar ... I went from being extremely upset to smiling in just a few minutes thanks to some friends ! 
I am so happy that I have a friend with a \heart of gold ! \"" 
In a few hours my niece will be born :) 
Thank you everyone but , I guess she wasn't ready to born just yet ... I have to wait a few more days and then I will have my own life size doll to dress up lol :) 
I just found out that I get free mobile to mobile ... so I can talk to my boyfriend for free :) Yea Me !! 
6 Days 11 Hours 30 Minutes until Christmas ... But who's counting ? 
Hey OG PEP's:) Can I work for anyone on Monday or Tuesday please !? 
4 Days 12 Hours 20 Minutes until Christmas :) 
I have so much on my agenda but not enough time , energy , or money to do it all ... 
Good thing I have Tuesday off cuz I can't seem to fall asleep 
Life is short , Break the rules , Forgive quickly , Kiss slowly , Love truly , Laugh uncontrollably , And never regret anything that made you smile . 
I just Love Christmas and seeing all the smiles on everyones faces ... that alone makes me happy :) Travel safely everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New Year :) 
Have a Great New Year Everyone :) 
I miss my Luv and it's only been 1 day ... 
And the SNOW starts falling ... watch out they are calling this one The Deep Freeze ! 
My Birthday Celebration is going to be at < PROPFIRST>'s Comedy Club on Friday January , 15th . If you would like to come for the show it's @ 8pm and $13 per person , or I would be happy if you just joined us for drinks afterward :) All are welcome and feel free to bring others . < PROPFIRST>'s Comedy Club * 36071 Plymouth Road * Livonia , MI 48150 Please , respond asap if you plan on attending -Thanx- 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I'm the luckest girl to have such a wonderful boyfriend and great friends ! Last night was a blast :) 
ok ... time to get ready for work 
I Love my boyfriend !! 
brrrrr !!! 
Why do I have to have 2 things that can not really be treated ?! 1 . Ice Pick Headaches : This just started last week . 2 . Precordial Catch Syndrome(PCS ): I have had this since I was 6 or 7 yrs old . 
Ok Since yesterday My hair has been brownish-red , then Bright Orange , then Fake-Gold , now ... semi-normal . Thank God I get to go spend the weekend with my love and relax after spending 4 1/2 hrs last night and 2 1/2 hrs today at the salon . 
With my Love :) 
What a fun weekend ! xx 
Gotta be to work in one hr and don't feel like going lol \Does any1 ever Really want to go to work ?! \"" 
I feel like a big bubble face that swallowed glass ... 
I wish I would just win a few Million Dollars already ! 
March 5th can not come quick enough !!! I will Definatly be watching < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland :)))) 
I miss my love ... hopefully I'll get to see him soon ! 
I can't wait ! My wonderful Boyfriend will be here in 1 hr :) 
Apartment searching is exhausting !! 
Just since this morning I have recieved 7 Youtube clips in my fcbk email ... I don't even watch them I just delete them . 
This is just a survey for my own entertainment ... What do u consider to be the best movie of all time ? 
I myself am made entirely of flaws , stitched together with good intentions :) 
I am making Mussels for the 1st time ... hope their edible lol 
My Mussels in Butter White Wine Sauce turned out wonderful but now I need to go to Maine so I can get some Lobster ... Hmm Hmm \Derek\ " 0 :D " 
Just cut my hair to my < PROPFEMALE > and dyed it < PROPFIRST > blonde :) 
Happy Easter Everyone ! 
What's < PROPFEMALE > and comes out in the spring ? Paddy O'Furniture! 
I start at the new OG tomorrow .... hope everyone there is nice :/ 
So much to do b4 work @ 4 but , I am running low on ambition to accomplish everything lol Think I'll grab a coffee :) 
I am so tired of not sleeping ... 
The tooth < PROPFEMALE > teaches children that they can sell body parts for money ... 
Packing and heading to T-town for the weekend :) YEEAAH !!! 
K ... I really wish I was tired cuz it's going on 2:30 am & I work a double today lol 
I just Love the sunshine !!! 
I probably should've gone out for drinks with everyone after work but , after the night I had , I just wanted to get home and have it be over already !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Babcock Started my morning off with thunderstorms and President Obama flying over my apt on his way to U of M with 2 < PROPFEMALE > Ones ( Helicopters ) ... Maybe he will reserve a table at the < PROPFEMALE > Arbor < PROPFEMALE > Garden tonight for Dinner and request me as his server lol :D 
I hope tomorrow is just as good as today was :) 
My day off and it's gonna be raining all day but , I am in such a good mood it doesn't bother me :) 
Ooo .... Tornado Watch till 11pm 
What a busy day so far and I am Loving it ! 
Could one of my new < PROPFEMALE > Arbor OG peps pick up for me Monday @ 11:30 please !? 
I'm so bored ... 
Think I am gonna paint my nails 
Please , say a prayer for my cousin < PROPFIRST > this morning ! She was recently diagnosed with cancer and is undergoing surgery today . 
off to bed ... gotta work at the break of < PROPFEMALE > 
I don't know what to do today to enjoy my day off .. any ideas ? 
Alright it's 2pm and I accomplished cleaning my Apt and drinking coffee ... Think I'll go find something fun to do . My Mother would be so proud I cleaned my room before I went outside to play haha 
I really don't like sweet relish !! Yuck ! 
I am so excited to go camping next week with my Luv !! 
BMF's are pretty good if they are 1/2 \ 
Tequilia :D ... “they're going to their house , over there , ” lol 
Fcbk Spam is sooo annoying !!! 
I am officially addicted to Fcbk ! My internet was down for 7 hrs and was having withdrawals lol 
I had a dream that I was forced to move to NY , leaving my BF , Friends , and Family . I was so upset cuz I have never been there b4 & didn't know any1 and in my dream Meijer/Kroger/Walmart didn't exist there and I had to get all the necessities for my cat because they were left behind at my boyfriends place I had a great view but , couldn't stop crying ... Dreams are strange ! 
The sun is SHINNING :D I think I'll go feed my Swan and then go to The Botanical Garden Yea !! 
Wish I would have gone up to T-town yesterday ... well guess I'll head to the gym then the pool ... then PACK :D 
Had a wonderful Mini-Vaca camping up north with my Luv :) 
Happy Memorial Day Everyone !! :) 
Ooo It's a thunderstrom :)) 
I'm sick of following my dreams . I'm just going to ask them where \ 
they're going and hook up with them later . 
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer\ 
to harass < PROPMALE > women than motorcycle gangs lol 
Men of Honor is a great movie !! 
It's Tuesday and I am just now getting home from work after working a double and I have another double tomorrow ... Hopefully , I'll make the BIG BUCKS !! 
Everything's\ 
just better in the summer :) 
I give up ... 
Today has been great so far :) 
Is that the Sun ??? 
I Love Coffee ! 
I had a wonderful double at work today :D It's been too long since I enjoyed my job ! 
Yeaaa ! For friends , drinks and good times : 0 ) 
Headed to Kzoo 
My couch was shaking a few minutes ago :/ 
I can not believe I felt The Earthquake ... I had no I dea what was going on lol 
I was on my way to the fruit market in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor & my brakes went out !! < PROPFEMALE > scary ... a car stopped for no reason in front of me & my foot went straight to the floorboard and I kept right on a rolling :/ Thank God I didn't hit him and Thank God I decided to take the back roads instead of the Express Way !! ( I rarely take back roads ) 
This is gonna sound weaird but , I have a craving for horse radish ...?? 
I wish I had a car ... so many places I would like to go this morning ! 
To the pool I go until work :) 
1 more shift and then it's < PROPFEMALE > time ! 
:D 
I have the day off and it's not raining :) Woot ! Woot ! 
1 1/2 days until Fourth of July ... Fireworks , Beer , Family , BBQ , and The Beach :) 
Flashing Lights Lights Lights ...... oh wait those are Fireworks :D 
Lets see what today brings ... Hopefully good things ! 
K ... I am going to bed ! 
So much to do today ! Pool , Eat , Laundry , Pool , Drink , Clean , Pool ... 
I NEED to go back to Hawaii ASAP !!! 
How do I load videos onto my lap top from my camera ?... Then onto facebook ? 
Observe the world around you ... as long as you're\ 
enjoying it ... you're on the right track ! 
I got my car back :D 
I just saw a Hummingbird on my patio checking out my flowers but it left b4 I could click a pic 
Holy Thunderstorm !!! 
Thank u to who ever invented lint rollers ! I think when u buy an animal u should automatically get coupons for lint rollers ... 
I wish I didn't have to work tonight ! Any1 want my shift @ 4 ? lol 
Had so much fun with my AAOG Peps tonight at Fridays :) 
Fun night and now time to go to work :) 
Just \ 
had the lady that lives below me come up to my apt and try to open my \ 
apt door ... once she realized it was locked she decided to knock ??!! Then\ 
she told me to stop watering my plants so much cuz it gets on her \ 
patio ... 
All you need is ???! \ 
? (^_^) ? 
I spent $6 on scratch-offs and won $6 
So glad work is over !!! 
I have slept 14 1/2 hours out of 20 ... 
Suppose I need to finish my errands and then get ready to go to work .... I need a new job with air conditioning and no heavy lifting or rude people to deal with ! 
Ook so tonight wasn't too bad lol Overall quit well actually :) 
Who thinks the world is gonna end in 2012 ? 
I'm gonna watch movies until I fall asleep and wake up to my \ 
? in the morning :) 
Where should I move ? That is when I am ready to lol 
I have the day off and don't know how to spend it hmmm .... 
Just filed my nails down and they look Super-Cute :) 
Guess I will have another beer 
Had a fun Girls Day Out :) 
What a fun day of spoiling myself :) 
I work in the morn so I probably should go to bed 
I don't feel so well :( 
I'm glad to be home from work ! Now to go to bed so I can wake up and go back to work in the morn ... 
Hmm ... updating my resume sucks ! 
Hopefully I got rid of the virus on my computer for good ! 
I am not looking forward to Saturday :( 
Just woke up from a 2 1/2 hr nap ... hopefully , I'll sleep tonight :/ 
I could really go for a G's Pizza Pocket right about now Mmm 
I wish I could capture Pavarotti ( my cat ) on video , climbing the door frame ! He's so funny ! He will climb all the way to the top and since he doesn't have claws he slides down and all you hear are his paw pads rubbing against the wall on his way down lol 
Where did you get the preposterous hypothesis that I was a hippopotamus ? 
I think I'm gonna start painting again 
I'm going to Salvation Army to see what frames I can find and then dust off my paint brushes :) Watch out A2 ... everything's my Canvas ! 
1 . Salvation Army ... Fail ! ( They only take donations on Sundays ) \ 
2 . Cute , Eclectic , Small < PROPMALE > Shop in A2 .... Fail ! ( It went out of business ) \ 
3 . Last Resort .. Score !.. Michaels arts & crafts ( The clearance racks are dangerous to an born-again artist lol)\ 
4 . The Produce Station .... Score ! ( Got my favorite orzo pasta salad Mmm ) 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > Arbors best Mexican restaurant ... Sabor Latino with 1 of my bestest friends :) & of course window shopping :)) 
I really don't wanna go to work 
Colombian authorities on Wednesday issued a\ 
red alert , the highest level , for the Galeras Volcano , indicating it \ 
could erupt at any moment ! \ 
\ 
I'm glad I don't live near a volcano .... but I could make an exception if it were Hawaii :) 
You know what would cheer me up ? Money ! A whole crap load of Money ! 
Why , as of 2 weeks ago , has my cat been peeing on the tile next to his litter box ??!!! His litter box is clean and is out of the way of traffic ... This is getting ridiculous and I may have to get rid of him if he doesn't stop :( 
Think I'm gonna go see a movie by myself tonight .. 
12:30 am and it's 73 degrees out ... I'm ready for sweatshirt season :) 
Off to work a double 
I can't wait to bring Pavarotti to the Vet's @ 1 ... I'm so tired of cleaning up cat piss and having my home smell of piss . Hopefully , he will get feeling better ASAP ! 
I've decided to start yoga again ... that way when people piss me off it's not so hard to just smile and kiss their asses for a hopefully decent tip 
I messed up my painting cuz I was painting angrily and now when I get home work hopefully I can fix it ... fingers crossed ! 
I wish every day of work could be like tonight :) 
LOL ! I got home from work an hr ago & I'm hungry\ 
So I decide to make a Philly Steak Sub .. I mix everything together & go to grab buns realizing it's moldy\ 
So I say to myself No big deal I will make Creamy Beef & Mushroom Stroganoff instead . Well I was about to to combine everything & realize I don't have MILK\ 
So I laugh out load & say forget it I pour it in a bowl go to grab the ketchup .. I'm OUT of KETCHUP haha 
Why do I watch scary movies when my < PROPMALE > isn't here ... especially so late at night ?! 
I am so (((: HAPPY :))) I have the whole day off work ... Annnd Monday too :D Yeaaa ! 
I was gonna drive up north and go camping with my sister but now I am bed ridden until my injury resides\ 
:( 
My < PROPFEMALE > is being extra cuddly .. I wonder if cuz he knows I'm in pain ? 
Since no one will cover my shift at 11:15 tomorrow and I can't call in . I'm most likely either gonna die lifting trays or be on so many meds I wont be able to do my job properly . Either way I will probably end up at the Dr. ' s ! 
Today is a new day and it just so happens it's a Friday ... Thank God ! 
I think this Fall when it's time for my house plants to come back inside , I'm gonna get a Guard Dog to protect them from my Pavarotti eating the plants ! 
I was working at < PROPMALE > Babcock Sr. ' s Office 9 yrs ago when he intercom-ed me to come over to the house and watch the news cuz the twin towers were hit . 
I am in so much pain that I can't sleep :( and I work at 11:30 am ... 
Yeaaaa !!! I picked < PROPMALE > up from the airport and I get to keep him for 3 days :))) I've missed him sooo much ! 
1 Year ago < PROPMALE > was at Pikes Peak on a 4 day lay over with his flight crew ... He asked me to be his Girlfriend over text . I replied \NO\ " then waited 10 minutes and said \ " J/K of course I will :) \ " \ 
Thanx to my Luv I had the perfect day ! 
Had fun with some A2 OG peoples after work ... lots of laughs and over all good times :) 
In Pain . Exhausted . Poor . Frustrated . 
F ' it I'm doing it ! 
What a great night :) Hopefully , today will be just as good ! 
I wish the Money Tree < PROPMALE > got me would start producing already !!! 
I'm tired of waiting ... tired of being stressed ... tired of worrying ... tired of getting hurt ... tired of moving ... tired of wondering ... tired of searching ... tired of being tired ... 
Why am I still up ? I haven't even done anything fun ... just watch TV by myself and play on Facebook . 
6 hrs of sleep , a couple cups of coffee , and I'm ready to take over the world ! New day ... new plan ... new attitude :) 
Shake dreams from your hair my pretty child , my sweet one and choose the day and choose the sign of your day . The day's of divinity , first thing you see ... 
I miss my < PROPMALE > ! :'( Just 1 more day ... 
It's a good thing Titanic is on ... not feeling to great today . Hot Tea \ 
with Blackberry < PROPFEMALE > and relaxing is my whole agenda . 
Oct . 5th Beauty and The Beast in HD/Blueray :) 
Some black guy named < PROPMALE > keeps buzzing my apt ! I told him threw the intercom he has the wrong apt ! I listened and he said he will just wait all god damn night !! I'm about to call the police cuz he keeps buzzing ! 
I want to move from this area < PROPFEMALE > BAD !!! People getting shot and dying at our complex , stalker calling my phone , crazy people living below us thinking they can just walk in our apt without knocking , and REPO Co . people buzzing & buzzing & buzzing my intercom at 1am !!! WTF ! 
I'm gonna make cup of decaf hot tea and try to calm down so I can go to sleep 
uuhh wish I felt better ... 
I'm still filling like poo but , glad my < PROPMALE > is home to take care of me ! 
I think by morning , I may be fully recovered from my awful cold ... fingers crossed ! 
Happy October :) 
Yeeaa ... headed to < PROPFEMALE > with my Luv to visit some friends :) 
I had so much fun in Lake Wylie with < PROPMALE > Reeves , < PROPMALE > Drews , and < PROPFEMALE > Drews :) Next time we need more 1800 , Sambuca , and an ATV to jump the dirt hills ... 
Gettin ready for work . But , I have to leave early so I can get gas to get to work lol 
my new neighbors are big fans of Techno ... 
I've received compliments on my eye's , my hair , etc ... but I was told \My skin was < PROPFEMALE > Beautiful ! \ " and it came from a 20 something girl I had as a guest at OG " 
Gonna go enjoy this beautiful weather and walk around downtown < PROPFEMALE > Arbor , maybe see a scary movie , Grab a bite to eat , and then try to find a haunted house :) 
Fail on haunted house :( I'm not gonna pay $30 for on visit ! So scary movie at home with a friend will have to do :) 
ILoveDerekReeves ! 
Never take life too seriously ... Nobody gets out alive anyway ! 
Life is so confusing ! Once you think you figured stuff out , conflicting evidence arises making you question everything all over again ... 
I'm canceling my Health Insurance at OG and getting it somewhere cheaper ! I have been paying $50/week ... that's $200/month ... $ 2,400 /year !!! Do they think I'm < PROPMALE > or something ?! 
What kinda mischief can I get into ... I'm so bored ! 
I got myself already to go to the gym and I can't find my Mp3 or Ipod 
Well , I learned the hard way real early in life that money sure don't grow on a tree and there's a few things that a dollar can't buy . The best things in life , they come free ! 
Who is getting or has already received a Flu Shot this Fall ? I don't know if I'm getting one or not ... 
I've thought many times of getting rid of my cat ... he's too hairy !!! And , I don't like having the litter box ( smelly) ! But , then he'll do something really cute and I change my mind ... 
I am so poor that I am actually really excited to eat my Puffy < PROPMALE > Noodles :) 
Oooo Scary Movie night with my Luv !!! 
There's a point in life when you just know it's right ! 
Normally , I am all about Halloween . This year though , not so much ??? 
I can't believe what some girls think are Costumes !!!??? 
I still can't figure out why people speak Italian to me at < PROPFEMALE > Garden ?? \ 
The benefit of the doubt is giving when it comes to tipping . I figure you just weren't educated properly ! \ 
But , to think OG is a full-blown Italian Restaurant that requires it's staff to speak Italian I'm speechless ! That's why I smile , throw-up alittle in my mouth , and say in English you're welcome or would you like cheese on that ! 
Meeting at 2:30 ... work at 3:30 ... hopefully I don't have to close ! I just want to go to sleep 
I'm so happy the internet is up and running ! 
Think positive , smile , and laugh every < PROPMALE > I get ... I better pick up some wine ! 
I am so happy I have today off ! It was much needed ! 
Turkey Day is 1 week away :) Gobble ! Gobble ! 
That's amazing ! It's the 1st time I logged on and didn't have to wish at least 1 friend a HB ... 
Why am I watching scary stuff on tv @ 2:30 am ?! 
Running errands and then packing for T-town :) Happy Thanksgiving Break everyone drive/fly safely ! 
What causes roast beef lunch meat to shimmer ? 
Mrs. Clause ain't got nothing on me ! I'm doing circles around The Christmas Tree :D 
Now\ 
until December 7th change your profile picture to one of a cartoon \ 
character from your childhood and invite ur friends to do the same . The \ 
objective of this is not to see any human face on facebook but an \ 
invasion of memories for the fight against Violence to Children 
Where's our snow ?! 
Getting ready for my work meeting . 
AOCDRNDICG\ 
TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE\ 
LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND \ 
LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID \ 
DEOSNOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU \ 
CAN ... RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN : 
I like my new profile < PROPFEMALE > :D 
You know I would really like a couple feet of snow ! 
I wonder if the skii resorts would lend me all their snow makers so I can have some snow :))))) Let it snow ! Let it snow ! Let it snow ! `O . ¸¸ . ?. ¸ . o´¯`¸ . o´¯` ? ¸ (?) `O . ¸¸ . ¸ .? ´¯`o . ¸ (?) `O . ¸ ?? `O . ¸¸ . \ 
¸ . o´¯` ?? ¨¯`* ?.... ¸ . o´¯`o . ¸ (?) `O . ¸¸ . ¸ . o´¯` ?. ¸ (?) \ 
´ *??´* ?.? ¨¯`* ?? ? 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! :) 
I'm headed to do some last minute shopping ... this could get dangerous ! lol 
Off to my sisters house to celebrate Christmas with my family :) 
Can't wait for a fun filled day & night with some friends from Kzoo :) 
Do you think 2011 is gonna be good or bad ? 
I had such a wonderful day today !!! I wish everyday could start and end with a smile like today :) 
Thanx to a good friend for pointing out that Kid Rock and I have the same Birthday .... SOoo I guess that makes me a rockstar too :D 
Thank you everyone for all the wonderful Birthday messages ! It really made me feel special :) I'm looking forward to celebrating it the rest of the month ! 
Now that was a crazy week ! Some of those memories will be imprinted forever lol 
At the moment , my living room looks like an episode right off of Hoarding ... Boxes , Boxes & Boxes :) 
I luv luv luv my new phone !!!!!! :) 
I am finally starting to feel better but , now < PROPMALE > is catching my cold ... 
Tonight is my last day @ < PROPFEMALE > Arbor OG ... I really enjoyed getting to know everyone but , words can not explain how happy I am about not working with < PROPFEMALE > anymore ! :) 
Today I will be officially all moved over to Kzoo . 
Of course a thunder storm the first night at the new place :/ Spooky ! 
Tuesday is my ! st day @ the Kzoo OG ... wish me luck ! 
After a hards day work .. I'm checking out The Beer Exchange :) 
Today I am gonna tackle organizing and hopefully get everything put away . I'm going to need alot of coffee ! 
Dang Wii .. I started playing super < PROPFIRST > around midnight and I am just now getting to bed ! Good thing I don't work today lol 
Yeaaaa .... < PROPMALE > is here :) 
K I have been in taco < PROPFEMALE > for 6 mins .. Wheres my taco lol 
I hate incompetent people !!! Why in the hell would I willing charge my checking account 4 times for the same thing ? Seriously , ghetto U of M billing lady ... I have no problem driving to < PROPFEMALE > Arbor and speaking with you in person so you can REALLY grasp what I think of you ! 
Can I borrow that book of yours How To Become A Millionaire ? \ 
Sure . Here you are . \ 
Thanks - but half the pages are missing . \ 
What's the matter ? Isn't half a million enough for you ? 
FACEBOOK has 3 new VIRUSES !!!!! #1 --- If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG ... DO NOT OPEN IT !!! #2 --- If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc .. DO NOT open it !!! #3 --- a message from your friends via chat saying click this links .. DO NOT OPEN IT !! These are BAD ones and will crash your computer ...... REPOST AND TELL EVERYBODY 
Ohh man it's gonna feel so good sleep in tomorrow ... no alarm clocks 
I want a change . Just not sure what or where to start ... 
Jesus take the wheel ! 
