Up way too early even ... 

the interweb is a series of tubes . 
Happy Fathers day to all my friends ! May you spend the best of the day with those you love ! 
Who wants to see Transformers with me ???? anyone ? anyone ?? Would love to do it Wed or Thur night But the weekend is cool too ! Beyond excited ! 
stupid people do stupid things , smart people outsmart each other ... 
Epic fail , I'm eating my late night bowl of cereal , and I notice that the first two bites are rather dry ... when choosing a spoon in the dark make sure it's a spoon not a fork . Forks no workie with milk :) And now you know , and knowing is half the battle ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Cronkite Former CBS News anchor < PROPFIRST > Cronkite is dead at age 92 , CBS reports . 
Motivation is a wonderful thing , if you have it . I seem to have misplaced mine this morning . Bummer :( 
Render , render . Yeah I know . Monday morning renders ??? kinda snuck up on me . 
Kickin it with my homies . Wait what ? 
If at first you don't succeed , fail , fail again . 
is wondering if he should have taken the comedy driving school instead of this online course ... it's torture . 
you can't see california without < PROPMALE > brando's eyes ... 
Well , that's quite the morning greeting . Thank you for the birthday greetings :) 
Thank you , thank you !!! you guys are really makin my day :) 
thinkin , I'm gonna be up all night thanking everyone that has wished me a happy birthday . Next year I'll skip the birthday so you don't get flooded with my wall postings . 
Holy crap . My thoughts are with my fellow TV folks at NBC . What the hell is happening to this business ? 
R.I.P. Mister Hughes , you shaped many an 80's kids lives . 
Callin ' it an 80's music weekend . 
<3 
Time for a new look . 
Good vibes , prayers and mojo . 
thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
thinks it's the end of the world as we know it and you know what ? i feel fine . 
Bored . 
Looks like someone's got a case of the Mondays ... 
B-o-red . 
This is Halloween , this is Halloween ... Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! Halloween ! 
I am the one to do the deed I am the one to do the deed I am the one to do the deed I am the ONE 
Valium , Klonopin , Prozac , and Depakote make for one strong morning < PROPFEMALE > ... are we there yet mommy ? 
Happy Veterans Day , thank you to those who have kept us safe in the past and those who continue to do so today and into the future . 
I still function ! 
Update your iPhones ! Facebook goes landscape with a bunch of other goodies :) 
bored 
Nel FTW ! 
sick 
Anyone Interested in going to go see Avatar with me later today ? tonight ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays to all near and far . Find a warm spot and wait for the ole jolly fart to come visit ;) see that made yah smile :D May our little ones wake to the magic that is Christmas Day . Can't wait to share that with my son . Love ya'll 
Happy New Yeeaarrr !!!! 
Bored . Sigh . 
Ok Black Swan at Rave in Hurst 10:40 going with my friend < PROPFEMALE > if anyone wants to join us . The more the merrier . 214-718-7728c 
my new year's resolution is 1920x1080 
doesn't understand why things happen the way they do . 
not my typical post ... you every fall headover heels for someone knowing it's not the same from their side ? feel like a kid with a crush . but friendships mean more than anything .... synchronicity and chemistry are amazingly complex things . just sayin . 
Experiments are now under way to grow a new strand of bacterium that feeds only on dead flesh . 
We have such sights to show you ... 
I support Conan O'Brien . 
Ok , what the hell . 1992-93 
When the truth hurts so bad that you tuck your tail and run . That's a clear sign you're out of your league . Here's a kleenex and wipe that snot from your nose . 
My fine is $550.60 
sigh . 
fair-weather friends ... 
Bored after LOST . now I wait till next Tuesday . 
No offense to my friends in this field , just thought this was funny , found it on the CNN forums this morning :) A fancy car drives up to a shepherd on the pasture and a man in a fancy suit gets out . He asks if he can tell the shepherd how many sheep are in his flock , will the shepherd give him one . The shepherd agrees and the man correctly guesses the exact number of sheep in the flock .... 
War inside my head-can you see it ... War inside my head-can you feel it ... War inside my head , Can you hear the-pain ? Can you see the-pain ? Can you sense the-pain ? Can you feel the-pain ? Can you help the-pain ?? Can you fix the-pain ??? Can you hear the war-in-side-my-head ????? 
it seemed like a good idea at the time ... ( one of the best scene-stealers of all time ) 
With < PROPFEMALE > progress is made . 
Rocking out ! 
\in the depth of a mind insane fantasy and reality aarrreee tthhee ssaaammmeee !!! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > 
a concubine is not a porcupine . 
Biding my time until the time is right ... Biding my time until the time is right ... Biding my time until the time is right ... Biding my time ... It's time . 
oh I just need one more thing ... oh hey can you do one more thing ? oh yeah and one more thing ... lord . 
Dora : Have you seen my papers ? ¿Has visto mis papeles ? can you help me find my papers ?... 
I'm hungry and I want a burger and a beer . Anyone up for it ? 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms and Mr. Moms out there :) 
That was heavy . 
RIP < PROPMALE > , now the whole tragic family is back together . 
< PROPFIRST > Booth is dead :/ RIP < PROPMALE > . Man they are dropping like flies . 
Just wanted to say thank you for the birthday wishes :) I don't think my wall has ever seen this much action . Well myself either ;) woot ! birthday dance ! 
Thank you folks ! Beyond grateful for all the warm wishes :D Had my lil bit of cake & ice cream . Played transformers with the lil man , overall a great day . 
Baah Ram Ewe 
Just pulled some stitches , thinking it would feel better ... Yeah no , now it feels like it's gonna fall apart . ack . 
YES !!!!! Fringe is back !!!! 
Sharing The Neverending Story with my son 
OMW to check out some Dubs with the old man and the lil man . 
Oreo brownie & milk ... NOM NOM NOM NOM 
Trying to rewrite my resume , in hopes that something magical will happen :( 
itunes is keeping me company 
Up all night ! Sleep all day ! 
Anyone wanna see The Social Network or Let me In today ? 
Trying to take over the world ... 
fun word of the day : wookieepedia 
Piggy is barking in her sleep . Sooo adorable . 
I liked the 33 miners when they were Underground . Now they seem so mainstream . 
Bass ! How low can you go ? Death Row . What a brother knows . Once again , back is the incredible ... the rhyme animal . Theee Public Enemy Number One ! Five-O Said freeze ! and I got numb . Can I tell em that I really never had a gun ? 
What's going on tonight ? bueller ?? 
poo 
Jackass 3D anyone ? 
YEAHY ! no more damn netflix disc for the ps3 ! now I need to get hulu streaming to the tv and I'll be set . 
Interview then another Interview :) wish me luck . 
Time Crisis on PS3 ... so . much . fun . 
Paranormal Activity 2 = Well played . 
:) 
Hopeful . 
Happy Birthday Dad ! Happy Halloowwweeennniiee ! 
Let the monster movie marathon begin ! Aliens !!! 
remember remember the 5th of november 
Sore throat : X 
I'm sorry to all to the folks in the front row of \ 
the Suicidal Tendencies concert and to the band , who will more than \ 
likely wake up sick from me coughing , but thank you for the great show . \ 
-N 
\One more thing — he's an organ donor \"" 
I'm in lesbians with you . 
ugh 
“You know your hair ? ” ... “I know of it” 
If I were a job , where would I be ? 
Here lil sleepy , where are you lil sleepy ... derrr yoo are ! 
Just re-watched The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo . Wow what a great movie , I love this series , I wanna see the last one bad ! Yuck for the remake :p 
Oh yeah that's right , who's no longer unemployed ? This guy right here , that's who ! 
i like tron !!!!! 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our lives . When \ 
you grow up , they are still your friends . Re-post this if you have \ 
some of the best cousins in the world ! They may not be part of your \ 
daily life , but they are never far from your thoughts and memories . I\ 
have awesome cousins ! :-) 
Anyone up for Black Swan tonight ? 
Trying to figure out how a 46 year old woman can continue to be so hurtful to a 4 year old child ? Emotional and Psychological abuse IS ABUSE . Its call parental Alienation . 
FYI if you email me , please use nel@forbiddensky.com from now on . The sbc email account is being phased out . Thx ! 
Quick thanks to my homie < PROPFIRST > Carlisle for the photo I used above . :) 
Loved Tron , wanna see it again ! In 3D this time . 
The phone , the phone is ringing ... The phone , we'll be right there ! This is sewius . 
Earthquake in Puerto < PROPMALE > ?? damn hope everyone is ok . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Happy Xbox ! 
You want it all but you can't have it . \ 
It's in your face but you can't grab it . \ 
It's alive , afraid , a lie , a sin ... \ 
It's magit , it's tragic , it's a loss , it's a win . \ 
It's dark , it's moist , it's a bitter pain . \ 
It's sad it happened and it's a shame . 
If anyone is at CES this year , please take some pics of the AMD booth . We did all the animation on their massive floor monitors . Would love to see it if possible . 
Rocking to Puya : Fundamental 
Wiggle your big toe ... Wiggle your big toe ... 
My head hurts from figuring out all the cable conversions to install an old IDE drive into a SATA powered PC . Shoulda seen the look on my face when I saw nothing but SATA . I'm like wtf ? Helps to stay on top of tech , doh . Nothing a trip to Fry's couldn't solve . Oh and Premiere CS5 , I hate you . You're not FCP ... not even close . Grrr .. 
Looking for a CPA in the DFW area , with experience with start ups . 
What is best in life ? To crush your enemies , see them driven before you , and to hear the lamentations of their women . 
< PROPMALE > got robbed . 
I'm an f-16 bro 
Lord Sheen commands I #PlanBetter I think he's on to something . 
is Bi-Winning 
: his watch tells Warlock time . 
is on Warlock time . 
Release the Kraken ! 
here sleepy sleepy , wheeree aaree yoouuzz ? 
how much would could a would < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > if a would < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > would ? 
Dear Sun , go away pls . I'm trying to sleep . Thank you -Nel 
About to head up to Plano to shoot with < PROPFIRST > , hit us up if you're bored . 
Time to give the < PROPFEMALE > some love . Brb 
We SO excited . 
Oil changed , exhaust leak fixed , alignment tomorrow . Nothing like concentrating on the car to take my mind off of other crap . I want an intake :( 
Sleep cycle 37 initiated ... Failure detected . Cycle aborted ... Reboot required ... System malfunction in 3 2 q cg errorrrrrrrrr 
no likey being tired :( 
Headed to < PROPFIRST>'s , maybe I should make sure he's awake ? 
Anyone wanna go see < PROPFIRST > tonight ? 
Missing my lil dude :( 
Can't sleep . 
