Let's see if that works for privacy 

What kind of idiot crashes into a bus in a parking lot ? 
has decided to forget about facebook until his homework is done . Concentration is compromised by facebook . 
was in a car accident . 
Just spent the last 20 minutes standing barefoot in the rain . It was pretty relaxing . 
You are working in a Deli . You have a 5-lb block of cheese that you need to divide to sell equal pieces to two customers . How many pounds should each block of cheese weigh ? 
Well , the SAT tomorrow should provide a fitting end for my marathon week of standardized testing . 
Haha , Memishi says I have a behavior problem on my progress report . 
I just figured out that the only final I can legitimately study for is US History . This is going to be a relaxing week . 
A sudden jump to a 92 in AP US warrants no more studying this year . 
Now that I've had a little time to rest , I guess it's time to get back in shape . 
Hoy , saldré para españa por dos semanas . Mi teléfono no f < PROPFEMALE > ciona en españa , pero si quisieras contactarme , es posible que podré usar facebook < PROPFEMALE > poco . Regresaré el tres de < PROPFIRST > 
Ahora , estoy en Puerto Real para la semana . Debe ser divertido . 
Fuinmos < PROPMALE > rancho y comimos < PROPFEMALE > montón de carne que pesaba < PROPFEMALE > kilógramo ... y hicimos más cosas también . 
Hoy-\ 
Nadé\ 
Fui a la graduación de Jesumi\ 
Fui a < PROPFEMALE > fiesta\ 
Supe que puedo hablar en español mejor a las 5 de la madrugada cuando todas las otras están borrachos . \ 
Ahora -- duermo . 
Finally back in < PROPFEMALE > . 
This storm is practically a hurricane . 
Well , that certainly turned out to be an interesting night . 
Value cards are by far the most annoying thing about football . 
I have left summer for the pure ecstacy of a strictly-scheduled day of learning ; tomorrow I embark on another wondrous scholastic journey ! 
My brother managed to piss his annoying roommate off enough that he left him to go to another room . To celebrate the occasion , my brother ordered Chinese food , which he later warmed up in his ex-roommate's microwave . He always cracks me up . 
Second and third average out to fourteenth . I'm lovin ' the logic . 
Todo que sé es que no sé . 
After that last rejection , I finally have to make the difficult choice that I've put off so long : Northwestern , U of I , or Purdue ? 
