can tell you where you're not ... safe . 

Nananananananana Batman ! 
Comic-con preview night ... good stuff . 
Out the door just in time , head down the 405 . Gotta meet the new boss by 8 AM ... 
Damnit Disney what the fuck ?!? Why did you have to go and buy out < PROPFEMALE > Comics ! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK ! 
Paranormal Activity , so classy . The husband = retard though , won't spoil anything but seriously ... dumbass of the year . 
Left 4 Dead 2 demo , good stuff . Nothing like holding an assault rifle in one arm and a guitar in the other . 
Holy fucking shit balls . Comic-Con 2010 already sold out of 4 day passes ! WTF ! 
Time to test people I know , continue the lyrics if you know them . Welcome to Atop the Fourth Wall , where bad comics burn ... 
Yay ! I'm gonna go shooting tomorrow ! Hello . 44 Revolver and AR-15 ! 
< object width = \425\ " height =\ " 344 \">< param " 
Shooting was fun , I did pretty well with the . 357 Revolver and I love that gun . The . 44 was fun as hell too , really nice kick to it . 
Repair bills for level 80 plate WoW gear - More gold than you want to pay . Getting geared for killing the Lich < PROPMALE > - Time is money , nuff ' said . Standing just above the threshold on a building of the Alliance territory of Dalaran so you can't get removed from the game and dancing with people who possibly can't see you , possibly making them paranoid for life - Priceless . 
If any of you want Comic-Con tickets do it very soon . 
Crime doesn't take a Christmas break so neither will I . 
So .... anyone else almost hit a small child backing out of a parking space with a truck ? Damn oblivious parents .... after that I feel guilty because I didn't see the kid when it was pitch dark out when he was small and probably directly behind me . I hate people ... so much . 
You complain I'm gone before you blink your eye But it takes too long It seems so slow And you say the world goes rushing by But it seems so slow to me And I want to be there when you laugh or cry But it takes too long It seems so slow to me . 
The < PROPMALE > movies , so good and so inspirational . All about the underdog who rises up and finds it in himself to win . Just watched the most recent one , < PROPMALE > Balboa . One of this quotes is still in my head . \It isn't about how hard you can hit but how many hits you can take and still keep on moving forward in life . Get up . \"" 
Happy Single's Awareness Day . 
We have all lost family , friends , or loved ones . Today is the International Day against cancer . In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer and for all who fought and won or continue to fight to win , copy and paste as your status . 
Woo Error 8001050F for us Fat PS3 owners ! Y2K came a decade late ! Although according to my PS3 it's 12/31/1999 ... 
Hah ... considering getting a nosebleed seat to WWE Raw live next Monday . 
Alright , today I have started to make a change . Today I have put myself on the Subway diet . Cutting out all the junk . I should be able to stay with it , not really a hard diet . Wish me luck my friends/aqaintences on Facebook . 
I have decided to start eating apples with knives . Feels so classy . 
So Wrestlemania kicked < PROPMALE > ass , the 10 man ladder match . Not to mention the epic match between Undertaker and < PROPFIRST > Michaels as the final bout of the night . Twas a good day . 
Ahh , Improv Practice was good . It felt natural , almost like I never left at all . 
So Kick-Ass was a real good film , dark humor and great action with superheroes ... and apparently Cage trying to do some sort of impression with his voice in costume . Shatner maybe ?? 
That was great , I finally got to finish my last improv game . It took 2 years post high school but I finally did it . Thank you everyone for coming and putting on one hell of a show . 
It's the first of May ... first of May ... 
Know what I hate ? Damn frenchies got Iron Man 2 a week ago or so . Wtf man ? < PROPFEMALE > came up with the character ! < PROPFEMALE > is the land of < PROPFEMALE > ! ( DC too ) < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
So , it turns out that in three weeks Hollywood video will close down entirely . For my last possible rental from them ever , I got Splinter Cell Conviction and Battlefield 2 . RIP Hollywood Video , we had a pretty good thing going . 
So , had two job interviews today . Toys R Us and Auntie's Pretzel store in the mall . Hoping for the best . 
At this rate I won't need the gym at all to lose weight . I sweat like crazy at work . 
Well ... every couple years or so TV cancels a show I tune in for every week out of so many others that I don't care for in the slightest . As of yesterday , May 14th , Heroes has been officially canceled by NBC . Not surprised as the ratings dropped quite a bit over time but still , I loved the show . I hear it may be getting a TV movie to wrap up the loose ends but nothing has been confirmed yet . 
I don't wanna be in the queue for Pit of Saron ... all by myyyseeeelf ! No , seriously , waiting 15-20 for a fucking heroic is ridiculous . 
So , something cool just happened . After years of not being able to , I can now fit comfortably into a 2X t shirt . No big deal for you skinny people but for me , it's a step . I've lost about 22 lbs since starting the subway diet . 
So here I am on a late Friday night with a < PROPFEMALE > light/vodka mixed drink and inFamous on the PS3 . Not bad I say , not bad . I would have used OJ instead but it was old so I improvised a bit . 
JUNE 28TH OF LAST YEAR , < PROPFIRST > MAYS DIED . SO TO HONOR HIS MEMORY I WILL ONLY BE TYPING IN CAPS TODAY , OR AS I LIKE TO CALL IT , ONLY IN < PROPFIRST > MAYS TODAY . JOIN ME IN REMEMBERING HIM ! 
Not out of place but searching ... 
Comic-Con 2010 has unfortunately come to a close , it was a fantastic convention however . I met some great people this year including < PROPFIRST > Rolfe or the Angry Video Game Nerd as people may know him . I also met < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > from < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Jones who played Zach in the original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers . Pictures to be up soon . 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up saying this every morning in school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending ... someone ) . NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST !! 
Just got back from Anime LA a few hours ago and I was blown away by how good it was . It was much smaller than Comic-Con but everyone from the staff to the cosplayers were quite friendly . I got to meet a few interesting voice actors , saw some great costumes , went to a rave dance or two and had one hell of a time in LA . I'll post some pictures up soon . Next convention on my list ... I'm thinking Anime Conji . 
Alrighty then , got my Conji badge settled for March . Next up , booking a room .... and I have had Under Pressure by < PROPFEMALE > and Bowie stuck in my head for days . I suppose there could be worse songs stuck in there . 
Found my Pokemon ' Red and my Gameboy ... already over four hours in . I realized a couple months ago that I have been grinding for XP since I was a wee lad ; playing through Pokemon ' again reassured me of that . 
So after some time looking into it , I decided to buy DC Universe Online over Steam . So far there have been no glitches besides the occasional quest screen being blank but that is easily fixed . It seems the devs polished up the game since beta . Guess I will see more as I level up . 
Captain < PROPMALE > is climbing a mountain , why is he climbing a mountain ? 
So ... not five minutes past midnight , my mom comes in with a bottle of booze and says happy birthday . I loled . That is all . 
Man , now Steam is selling a bunch of Command & Conquer games for five bucks each , it's like a birthday weekend deal ... you are a terrible influence for my bank account , Steam . 
