OK so took my Mom out for drinks .. and lets just say it was intresting evening . I have some great stories to tell !!! Warning to all , Stay on her good side when she has a few ., she is a fiesty little spit fire . She is 4'7\ but her attitude is 10ft tall and bullet proof . LMAO " 

Alive I Am Alive . lol 
Pizza and Vodka here i come !!! 
Its wednesday and im already unbelieveably tired . Just wanna curl up on couch and watch movies . This heat sucks ! 
Hmmm .... well .... see ... uhh ... ummm .. yeah ... whatever 
Hey .... Can you see me now ?? 
Where did the all the time go ? 
Another lonely Day 
360 Chocolate Vodka shots with Mom . Problems will still be there in the mornin but there is not any in sight as far as i can see for right now .. LMAO 
Sometimes its really hard to behave ! Esp when being Bad looks so Good ! heheh 
I want to be any where but here , in SiloamSprings , Arkansas . :-( 
Being single has awesome advantages ,.... but after a while there are so many things it really sucks to have to go without . 
Does any one really listen and use other peoples advice ? 
Ugh .. Is it Friday yet ?? 
You have got to be kidding me .. right ?? 
Missing someone :-( 
Gonna be a wonderfully fantastic day ... what am i thinking ... the whole freakin weekend ! 
What a B-E-A-U-tiful DAY . I am so HAPPY ! 
There should be an automatic visitaion law for both parents when a child is born , married or not . U should have 2 take the other parent 2 court & prove 2 be unfit for visitation . A person should not have 2 be charged 2 have a child & no legal rights for visitation . 1 person should not get 2 assume automatic sainity & control 2 , terrorize , tourture & manipulate the other parent , using the child . Where is Equal Right ? 
Every day just keeps getting better than the one before ! Enjoying all life little things ! :-) 
Is it the weekend yet ??? 
Decided to make some gumbo and dang near took of the whole end of my thumb chopping bellpeppers .... guess every great cook slips sometimes ... hope its the only cause this freakin hurts !!!! 
Wow man people are getting more crazy by the seconds now . Its a sad to think , these poor psycho's really dont have a clue . LOL 
Missing my Texas home ! :-( 
Is having a tormented love better than no love at all ?? Funny how people who dont have a love would say no it isnt ... but compelling how people who do will say yes it is better to have none ....... 
Hanging and having fun with friends ... you know me .. Live Laugh Love !!!!! 
OMG did yesterday just f-ing happen ??? I swear i fell into twilite zone ! The most unbelievable things kept happening to me ... not really good things .. strange things ... creepy things . WTF ??? 
Clean .. clean ... clean ... think thats my purpose in life .. cause seems like thats all I do . 
Livin for the weekend ! 
Nuts opened his eyes last night now they can both see me and they snuggle me with their noses . They know whos got the food ... lol 
Hello ... hello ....... Is any one out there ...... 
So so sad ... * sigh * :'( 
Girls just wanna have Fun ... Oh girls just wanna have fun 
Just got back from gym .. Exausted !! I hear shower and nap calling my name .. lol 
Wow cant believe my \friends\ " are flaking out on me for my B Day . Thats so not cool ! :-( " 
Broken hearted .... Worst B-Day Ever !! : ' -( 
I think today is a great day to go fishing !! Gonna head down to my secret fishin hole , and enjoy the peace ! 
Be Impeccable with your word . Speak with integrity . Say only what you mean . Avoid using words to speak against yourself or to gossip about others . Use the power of your words in the direction of truth and love . 
Well I made it to 30 today .. guess its all down hill now .. lmao 
Thank you to my loved ones for the Happy B day wishes !! 
You have my undivided attention Rockstar , Keep playin that sweet sweet music !! 
Still grinning from ear to ear !! 
Sorry for the broken hearts ... but I told you I was a hot item .. lmao . 
Its so hard to find the words to truly express how happy I am ! All things happen for a reason ... and Im glad that reason is you ! 
Every day is like waking into another beautiful dream ! 
Up late ... With my girl Sierra .. Talkin bout and missin my ROCKSTAR 
Wish time would stop dragging by already .. Ugh ... Im to excited to be patient .. feels like its been a year already ! 
So exausted from being at the gym , gonna get some sleep and tomarrow is gonna be a great day ! 
Had some computer problems and wasnt able to get on line since tuesday . It was complete torture !! Got my FB fix now im gonna log out take a nap .. so sick from the season allergies ... and missin my rockstar ... :-( 
Tried .. but didnt get a nap , way to much to do . Never fear SuperMom is here ! LMAO 
is sad today that things did go as planned for the weekend :-( . Im sorry babe . 
HAD A WONDERFUL DAY ! IM SO HAPPY ! The only grey cloud in sight is when you have to leave . But tomarrow is always another day of more smiles and happy memories ! 
Can we just skip the week ... I really need it to be Friday right now ! 
The unknown is the worst fear ! And it will creep in like a disease . But it wouldnt matter if you didnt care so much ! 
Hmmmmmm ..... IDK ???? 
So very sick yesterday , and lastnight . Not out of the woods yet but doing so much better today thanks to someone very special ;-) 
Mmmmhmmm making reeces cup cookies ..... I love the smell of fresh baked cookies !!! Yummmy ! 
MMMmmmhhmm Things you cant say on facebook .... yep probly said it ... ROFLMFAO 
Deep sleep , Now off to work . 
\What part of NO dont you understand \"" 
Sometimes the very hardest decisions are for the very best just have to have the courage to see it through . Lucky for me though I have a < PROPFIRST > of sunshine in my life that makes the world a much bright place no matter the storm ! 
Truly , Deeply , Always 
Got locked out of my house .. So Mom had me go out with her last night .. it was alright to see some friends but really didnt want to be there .. just wishin I could have been curled up in my hunny all night .... Plus mixin me with mother drinkin .. Like a tornado meets a volcano , Lol 
: ' -( 
Finaly makin some head way getting house cleaned back up after the mess from the week .. Whoohoo ! 
Cookin up some Jumbalya tonight ... Mmmhmmm good ! 
Im so high on pure happy !!! 
Trying to get some work finished and keep ending back up on facebook chattin with my peeps . 
Long steamy hot salt bath ... soft slow music .... Lights off with sented candels lit ... HEAVEN !!!! 
Hangin at tha house now .. Playin Wii !! 
Pain is just the weekness leaving the body .. ;-) 
Scared and broken 
Scrambling getting boxes & packing stuff toghether , have only couple days 2 get this whole house packed away & off 2 texas in little boxes by Friday . Suprise 2 every one .. Sorry .. it suprised me 2 , so soon ! Could really use some help packing & would give yall excuse 2 come say goodbye . I love & Miss you all , Esp you my < PROPFIRST > ! Bye guys ! 
Ok getting down to last of stuff ... Gotta unplug .. be while before Im back on ... Bye ... Love you all !!! 
k Slept half day away time to get my bootie in gear and get some stuff done . Gotta make another road trip .. least this one just a short one . LOL 
I only moved away couple days ago ... all sudden no more messages for me on facebook and my phone has been so silent I keep checking it to make sure it still works .. Just cause I moved doesnt mean I dont still need my friends .. guess you just dont need me .. :-( 
Runnin around getting stuff done .. tired .. tired !!! So many places I remember from when I was a little girl ... weird feeling . But got things accomplished today so its a better day than yesterday ! Miss my friends and my Super Rockstar ! 
To Tired To Care !! 
How many times can a heart break in one day ? 
Whats with people and their need for drama . Think people really need to get some hobbies or somthing .. or oh I know ... Grow Up ! Seriously people are retarted ! 
K so so tired .. still running like crazy trying to take care of things .. Not getting much sleep cause back been really messed up since the move .. it will get better but man I could use the sleep and fresh mind . 
Family is Forever !!! Through the good and the bad no matter what !! 
Hope every one had a wonderfull Thanksgiving !! Miss all my wonderfull friends .. but guess what I still got to cook anyway hehehe .. and it was A . W . E . SO . M . E .. lol .. as usual lmao .. Love you all Night !! 
Dont worry Im not prejudice ... I hate every one equally this morning !! 
Its 5:00 somewhere .. for me it NOW !.. hehehe 
Not sure how much more I can handle . There is no peace , there is no happiness , for me anymore . : , -( 
Gonna get some peace and relaxation this weekend ... Bring it on !! lol 
Hey my friends and loved ones missed u dearly ... im back now .. whoo hoo ! 
As if 10hr cold day at work wasnt much to look forward to .... flat tire on way to work is just great . 
Sorry all my peeps ... had to stay out of town last night .. up late tryin to get a tire . Had to turn my phone off so i could save power . xoxo 
Makin dam good money and workin my ass of 58 hrs week at an industrial plant doin construction . Was harnessed in and bout 100ft up in air on side of giant can heater . Im bad ass ! 
Im totaly exausted though .. hard keeping up in a mans world .. but totaly cool i can .. hehe 
Missing some one special 
Gooood mooornin every body !!! Such a beautiful Monday .. Whoohooo ! 
 ? iSo i got to do some awesome stuff today ... they let me work with some big boy tools , harnessed in on the very top of the heater settin bolts . I did not lo 
 ? iok down ! Hehe .. but dang im feeling bad ass today ! What ? 
Guess Americans are gonna have to by more American made stuff now ? 
Got somthing in my eye and it cut straight accross the center of my eye . It hurts so bad . Had to go to doc .. doc said not good . No work for me for few days . 
Back to doc this mornin . Dang it hurts bad ! 
No time for anything or anyone .. so very tired .. sad and lonely . 
 ? yOk so sitting on a beam sticking out away from the heater bout 140ft up .. hammering a bull pin ... kinda scary ... but man i cant wait to do it again today ... 
 ? y . i love my job ... adventure ! 
Mmmm i fell today on top of the convection .... kinda hurt pretty good . Gonna have some big bad ugly bruises . 
On way to get two of my boys .. gonna have three of my beautiful babies together for weekend .. so happy ... still missin my sweet baby boy .. miss you River !. 
Enjoying an amazing day with my babies .. all thanks to special person ... thank u Jamie .. we love u ! 
Had blast ... now time to take babies back .. gots to go to work .. :-( . Sucks but check will make it all better . 
U always find a way to make me smile . U try so hard always there when i need u most . Thank u for all u do . 
Movin stuff from storage , last < PROPFEMALE > notice .. so ... picture movin boxes n 6inch heels .. uh yeah , would take em of but to much dirty every where . lol 
