\you'll see me waiting for you on the corner of the street . i'm not leaving . \"" 

ugh ... finally deleted him ... maybe i'll be a little less paranoid now ... 
so i miss all my friends ... :-( Placerville is boring ... wish you were all here .. or better yet i was there ... going to see Transformers 2 tonight at midnight !!!! 
he is on my mind ... he always is ... :) stupid mind , must be defective or something ... 
i cut my hair . like 12-13 inches off ... 
this goes out to all of my friends ... you guys don't have a clue how much you mean to me . i love you all to death . i'd be lost without you guys . :) <3 
people should text me . 972-8382 . 
has a lot on her mind ... 
so ... big decision being made ... need to talk to him ... can't ... perfect . 
now that i think it might all work ... it might not happen ... and gosh darn it i want to talk to him ... 
i want to go to a movie . who lives in bv that can drive that would want to take me ? haha 
not what i was hoping for . but exactly what i was expecting . making my suspicions seem true . i hate that . :( 
i wish i could go back in time . to that very day . and tell myself how stupid i was . and to stay away . and then i would have never met you . never had to go throught this pain . i hate that i still love you . 
i wish there was a way i could just disappear . so that no one would notice , and that no one would miss me . like i had never been there in the first place ... 
is frustrated that everyone seems to be so frustrated with each other . why can't we all just let go of our frustrations . because the frustrations are all so frustrating . :-/ 
ok . so . yeah . i . yeah . ugh . just don't know what to do with myself . 
the script rocks my socks ! :) love ' em ! 
wishes her parents would actually let her do stuff . i mean can't i have a life ?! 
so lifehouse was amazing . i love the Lord my God . i'm coming back to the heart of worship . and my friends are all amazing . i love you all !!! seriously you have no idea ! :) <3 i feel so much better . thank you Lord 
distractions are very good , especially when they are cute . :P 
wants to talk to a certain person . :) ha . this is fun . i've been missing out . 
is planning on going to see < PROPMALE > potter tomorrow , already has two tickets . needs someone to go with her that can drive or has parents that are willing to drive and drop them off ... ? 
when i wake up i'm willing to take my chances on the hope and forget that you hate him more than you notice i wrote this for you 
ok i get way too into these things too fast . and i shouldn't listen to other people . on occasion i actually am right . i'll admit it's a rare occasion , but still ... 
what's on my mind ? well this new guy is . but i'm not really sure that's a good thing ... not gonna happen anyway . so whatever . it's not that big a deal , right ? 
going to a movie with my BFF !! woot ! :) haven't been this happy since sunday ! 
meh . kinda wanna maybe talk to him . but can't . oh well . fun . ha . 
is spending the night with the most amazing girl . :) my BFF < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Evans !!! 
i can't wait to see him tomorrow . i hope he's there . i still don't know if he will be ... hopefully . :) 
really needs to get out and do something tonight ... like desperately ... 
i know it's all worth it in the end . but i hate the days where you feel so worthless . like nothing you can do will ever be right or good . and that there's no escape . 
is really hoping that today will be better than yesterday . i really wanted to help at VBS too so that sucks . 
ok everybody that is online right now should comment this with their name . :) por favor . my chat isn't working . and i want to talk to people . :) 
really wants to go to vbs ... is there anyone that goes that lives in bv that might be willing to give me a ride ...? 
thinks that a big group of people should all get together and go to the movies tonight !!! it would be so much fun . :) 
Movies tonight ??? anyone interested ?? :) you know you want to ... :P 
FACEBOOK has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures WITHOUT your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the Log out link . Select Privacy . Then select NEWSFEEDS and WALL . Next select the tab that reads FACEBOOK AD 
well i'm going camping for a week . want someone to come with me though . if you're free and would like to come call me . 821-1585 , or 972-8382 . if it's before 6 you should call the 821 number , cuz my mom borrowed my phone at work . Thanks ! :) <3 
finds that when she isn't preoccupied with a guy in her life her status changes far less often . and she likes it . :) 
Days like these , that turn to nights ; Songs that can find no < PROPFEMALE > ; A soul darkened with a longing for a love that will never be ; Time ceases to exist ; A desperation that comes from a place that no one desires to find ; Two fates helplessly intertwined ; A 
\i guess sometimes there just aren't enough rocks ... \ " ~ Forrest Gump " 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . Hoping this goes well . C : 
is going to < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding today . :) <3 
the wedding was beautiful ... and < PROPFEMALE > looked absolutely gorgeous . <3 ... as usual ... haha :) 
so i'm thinking that maybe i made a mistake ...? maybe i shouldn't have been so against it ... and allowed myself to consider it . 
just realized that no one ever writes on her wall . which makes her sad . :( cuz i wanted to do this note . but i can't cuz i don't have enough people that have written on my wall . haha . 
I want to know what classes you're taking ... yes you !!! :) so comment and tell me . thanks . <3 
< PROPFEMALE > McMillin ~ you are an amazingly brilliant mastermind ! <3 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bauer ~ you are seriously the most beautiful person i've ever met ! ( inside and out ) < PROPFEMALE > Evans ~ girly i love you to death ! ur just idk . beyond words . haha . < PROPFEMALE > Matzenger ~ i misss you soooooo much !!! i wish you were on when i was haha . we always miss each other . can't wait to see you at school . ALL my FACEBOOK FRIENDS ~ i love you guys !! <3 
TO MY DAY : if you are planning on getting any worse please wait until tomorrow . i can only take so much at one time . thank you . :) P.S. you'll probably enjoy it more that way too . cuz then my misery will be fresh . hahaha 
doesn't like complications . They just make everything so complicatingly complicated . simple is good . :) 
is really not herself today . idk what's up . randomly started crying earlier . and i'm not pmsing so basically i'm just retarded . bleh . no fun . 
if you see me tomorrow you should give me a hug . i need hugs . :( 
is going to her bro's football game . you should go if you have nothing better to do . wish i could have gone to the party . :( oh well . 
so my parents think i broke my foot ... idk . i'm walking on it ... so i don't think so ... but who knows ...? haha . it better not be broken .. i love soccer way to much . :P 
Lifehouse was soooo amazing . :) everyone should come next time . you can feel God's presence so clearly . it's insane . i love you all . i won't be at school tomorrow , cuz my dad is taking me to the doctor to get my foot checked out ... pray for me . :) <3 
if it was easy everyone would do it --- but why shouldn't it be easy so everyone can --- if everyone did it , it wouldn't be worth it . 
can be quite stupid at times ... and wonders how she will get through life if she doesn't get smarter ... she's the type of person that would be alone in a < PROPMALE > and come across a grizzly bear that looks hungry , and she would come out of her hiding spot to go ask the bear if it was hungry ... and only after the bear had stood up and started growling and advancing on her would she realize that bears can't talk ... 
i feel like i would be so much happier if i didn't think so much . haha . 
so ................... yeah ... status updated . officially . :P 
is really sick but has a spanish test today that she can't miss so she is going in late . meh . pray for me por favor . 
if i were to actually list everything on my mind right now it would take facebook forever to load ... although i'm pretty sure that they don't allow your status to get that long just for that purpose ... which means they should change the question ... and i'm sick . please pray for me . 
has heogyudh vfnewute woytr vaer tnreiputaet hadfffpa0 on her mind . and it won't leave . fun . 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > TROTT AND < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > EVANS !!!!!!!!!!!!! you two are amazing . i love all the rest of you too , just not quite as much . ;) jkjk <3 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm yeah . maybe . :) i kinda like it . it's not my usual . that's for sure . 
haha . this whole people complimenting you at random thing is so new to me but i love it . haha . idk how to react . :P love you all ! <3 
=D haha . i love how i can be sick and still get more random compliments than on any other given day . :P makes me feel a lil better . even if they are just for that purpose . lol . 
i would say that today was a bad day ... it should have been a good day though . that's just lame . i did call it though ... 
hoy fue < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > mal . quiero hacer algo divertido . no se que o si puedo . pero necesito hacer algo ! y quiero hablar contigo ! :) 972-8382 text me 
wants to know why it is that some teenagers go through life perfectly happy and wonderful , and yet others seem to find that the world is against them and that nothing will ever go right ?? i know it's not true . but sometimes the feeling is just so overwhelming you can't really find a way out of it ... 
The average person tells 4 lies a day , or 1460 a year a total of 88,000 by the age of 60 . And the most common lie is : I'm Fine . 
so is it worse if you are blatantly depressed or sarcastically smiley ?? 
so how bad is it , that the one i didn't think would be possible is and yet the one that seemed most likely isn't ... and that even when nothing's going right i can be happy for a few seconds without questioning it ...? 
has decided that she is the perfect emo . always smiley and bubbly and laughing ... yet no one is more alone . you'd never know . :) 
really really misses < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Crosby . :'( not seeing him takes like 6 hugs out of my day everyday . :( 
is prepared to have an incredibly suckish weekend . and me muero de hambre !! haha . i want sonic . :P 
oh ... and i need everyone to comment this with their top 5 favorite websites . PLEASE !!! and when i say everyone i mean EVERYONE !!! haha . thank you . :) 
gosh i love that boy haha :) 
haha . so many people took my quiz ! i feel loved . :P lol . 
What do YOU think is the BEST way to ask someone ( or guys to get asked ) to < PROPFEMALE>'s ??? I would like billions of ideas . haha . please share . :) 
estoy enferma . no se con que , pero mi mama va a tocarme a la doctora manana . :) os amo ! <3 habla conmigo ! 
What are the best and worst things about me ?? share your thoughts then copy and repost to your status to see what people tell you . 
is happy . :) 
i'll bet i could go a month where i use only < PROPFIRST > swift lyrics to update my status messages , and it would be the most accurate description of what's going on in my head . haha . :) <3 
lol . < PROPMALE > and i have such an interesting relationship . haha . :) 
haha . ok . < PROPMALE > Brill is amazing . :) i had to . after that status ... :P 
FYI if i call you a \dork\ " that is like one of the highest compliments you can receive from me . :P seriously . haha . " 
Forever , your eyes will hold the memory . I saw your heart as it overtook me . We tried so hard to understand and reason , but in that one moment , I gave my heart away . 
home alone ! and on the computer woo ! lol . i'm so boring . McDonald's playplace with < PROPFIRST > Wood and < PROPMALE > Garcia was awesome . haha . you know you wish you had been there ! :P 
< PROPFIRST > Hansen and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > two of the most amazing guys you will ever meet . :) 
a large quantity of my bestest buddies are online all at the same time . :) yay . 
i have realized that no one would talk to me if i wasn't so obnoxious ... haha . i start up random conversations all the time ... and when i don't no one is talking to me ... lol . :P 
so i have decided that it is a very good thing that i am so obnoxious on facebook ... because otherwise i would never have gotten four of my best friends . :) < PROPMALE > Brill , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Scheibel , and < PROPFIRST > Hansen . 
just made chocolate chip cookies of delectableness . :) sometimes i enjoy the fact that my mom doesn't like to bake . haha . then i get to ! 
47 friends online . haha . crazy !! :P 
MESSAGE ME !! ( if you want to talk . ) haha . <3 :) 
Does anyone know how to upload multiple photos at once ???? 
meh . why is he online any other time ? i'm so tired . :/ 
ugh ... 
I really hate New Year's . Every year always sucks just as much as the last , so why do we bother to celebrate it like we've solved all the world's problems and now everything's perfect ? I think the real reason we celebrate is because everyone knows how much the year is going to suck so they are using it as an excuse to get drunk so they don't worry about it as much . Haha . 
buenas noches a la gente < PROPMALE > mundo . haha . idk how to say that any less formally without having to use a tilde or accents . oh well ... 
:) ... that about sums up my feelings as of late . :) 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :D :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :P and that is how he makes me feel . :) hahaha 
soooooooooooooooooo ... yeah . :) haha . i can't even say anything here . :P 
i love that boy . :) and < PROPFEMALE > , i'm here for you . Don't forget that . I love you . :) 
i am going insane ........... ugh ... 
honestly sometimes i don't know what's wrong with me , and i never know how to fix it ... feel free to enlighten me . 
I'm not even sure what to think ... You don't need any of this . 
So if anyone is interested in being wonderful and making a donation to help the ths robotics team's trip to Atlanta for nationals please let me know . :) $900.00 per person is a little insane and anything helps . 
:( idk 
I wish I could just fix everything . But I guess as long as it all works out in the end ... 
People disgust me . 
I think I need to figure out who my friends really are . 
If you expect me to care , don't . 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile . :) Set this as your status & see how many people you have made smile . " 
I really wish that there was someone that I could talk to . :( 
< PROPFIRST > you just made my day . :) :) :) 
Feeling very alone . :( 
So it looks like I am going to prom . :) 
I'm really wishing that there weren't so many things wrong with me ... 
Why do I feel so alone all the time ? :( 
I got my dress . :) 
I don't know what to be right now . Haha . 
* sigh * no matter what I do ... 
:) 
So ... Idk . 
:) mmm I live for that smile . <3 
:( 
Miserable at best . 
' s mood probably shouldn't be so dependent on another person ... 
* sigh * I don't think I'll ever be good enough ... 
Has the most amazing boyfriend in the world . :) 
Screw life . It's far too inconsistent . 
Gosh how did I get so lucky ? :) :) :) <3 
Comment or like this status if you are going to prom . I'm kinda curious as to who all is going to be there . Gracias . 
Is completely in love with her boyfriend . :) 
I don't think that I have ever received as many compliments in a month as I did in just one night . :) thanks everybody . 
... So I don't post statuses nearly as often as I used to . 
God I really wish that I had never met you . Then I actually could without feeling so guilty for hurting you . 
School is almost out . :( I hate summer . 
\shot down by strangers whose glances can cripple the heart and devour the soul \"" 
Losing it . 
So you know what would be nice ??? If I could sleep . Yeah . 
Haha I'm on the roster for both cross country and track and yet I didn't compete on either team this year ... 
So as I got home from school today I realized that the only thing that I'd eaten in the last two days was a small fry from mcdonalds ... Haha . 
If you like this status , I'll post something on your wall that I like about you . :) it should be fun . 
You know how there are all those once in a lifetime opportunities that you only get in high school ? Yeah , well I hate those . 
Does anyone else have parents that make them want to kill themselves ? I'd really like to think that I'm not the only one ... But I probably am ... Maybe I just don't handle it the right way . 
Tengo < PROPFEMALE > novio que me ama más que yo merezco . :) 
Does this work ? 
Haha . Spanish . :) gotta love it . \ 
\ 
And now I'm sure all you Spanish haters will comment telling me how you don't . :P I don't care . I do . :) 
Is tired . Tired of always screwing everything up . I'm running out of reasons . 
Ugh ... Why does everyone else have a life ?? :( 
What does the rest of the world do when they feel entirely inadequate and inferior ? Cuz so far just living with it isn't working out for me . So ... If all the semiperfect people that I know could start screwing everything up for a while , I'd be much obliged . 
Going to school makes me realize how much I wish I never had to come home . 
Where's your gavel ? Your jury ? What's my offense this time ? You're not a judge , but if you're gonna judge me , sentence me to another life . 
Just the way you are by < PROPMALE > mars is one of my new favorite songs . :) 
Senior favorites ... Who to choose ... Who to choose ... 
¡te amo ! :) 
I just got home from the hospital . Thanks so much for all the well wishes and prayers . I'm still on bedrest for at least a week . Painwise I'm not doing too well , but hopefully that will improve soon . For those of you who sent me messages and posts and such , I really appreciate it . I'm not quite up to responding to them at the moment , but I will as soon as I am . I love you all . <3 
Without makeup I look like a guy . :-/ 
I'm a parasite . 
Is there anything that I don't screw up ? 
I'm kinda liking having the house to myself ... I can sing as loud as I want and no one yells at me to shut up . ;) haha 
Brand New Eyes by Paramore is the CD of my life . 
There is not enough chocolate in the world to solve all my problems ... 
Life is crap . 
You don't see me the way that i see you . 
They say home is where the heart is ; for me , home is wherever you are . <3 
Expecting a super crappy weekend + < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > intervening = AMAZING <3 :) te amo . 
I can always count on him to make my day . :) I love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I love you more than anything . Don't you ever forget it . 
The only thing a boy should want to change about you is your last name . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > I will always love you . Despite what may or may not happen in the future . <3 
The more time I spend with myself , the less I want to . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I've been so lucky to have 11 months of my life in which I could call you mine . I love you . :) 
So ... I'm sure that I am starting to annoy people or already am , but ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , you make me so happy . You are my whole world . I love you . :) 
Some people walk in the rain , others just get wet . 
@ ... guess who ? If you guessed < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , then you were right ! I love you . :) And by you , I'm not referring to you who guessed , although I may love you as well , just not as much . :P 
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate . Lol . Random fact . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I love you . That is all . :) 
Is it just me or is the weekend the worst part of the week ... :( 
