And now it is , in fact , a new year . May it bring new opportunities ... and better TV shows . Happy New Year to all , and to all who missed the parties ( and whose parties end early ) , good night . 

just made cookies . Who wants some ? 
just realized he's been status-less for a while now . 
is tired of Vista , Vistaing on me . Gimme XP !... Or let me override it completely with Linux . Either way , it's better than this junk . 
is going to the pool at 4 . Who'll join us ? 
- The coffee maker has been found . I repeat , coffee maker has been found . Attempting to make contact- CM is hostile ! It's requesting coffee grounds as appeasement ! Fire the Toypedos® ! No effect ? What do you mean using pool toys as weapons was a bad idea ? Tell you what , you breathe another word and we're going to launch you at it through the airlock ! 
is at college . Another rainy day at Tech . 
just got 72% on the Credit-by-Exam for Linear Algebra ! One more question wrong and I would have failed ! Now what do I do ? 
- Eisenvectors ... Huh ! What are they good for ?... 
- Spelling . Huh ! Good god ! What is it good for ?... 
is in a repeat Chem class . Yay STEP . 
is not in a repeat Chem class . Yay ! 
is doing homework . Yay ! 
suggests you not try flipping a bike from one foot off the ground . 
Is diligently paying attention in physics ... 
has a phone again ! For those who don't have my number yet , it's ( 240 ) 315-1102 . Also , I have awesome homemade chocolate chip cookies ! Some coffee grounds ! Comics ! Random matchbox cars ! And homework !... Dang . Thanks for the package . 
Just found the live sharing session on One Note . Check the note to join the session . It'll end when Chem ends , but I'm bored so why not . 
The One Note live sharing session is back up , whoever would like to join . 
is glad this morning was not as bad as the last . Otherwise I was going to curl up in my room with a video game . 
changed the address for the One Note sharing session . I wonder if I just leave it up , will the address not change even though my IP address will . 
- It's One Note time ! 
- Apparently this coffee is too weak . 
is sick . And terribly bored . Not a good combo . Rewatching < PROPFEMALE > Brothers - Horse Feathers . 
- Sick-sleep , the least productive of all sleeps and yet the most necessary . 
is hosting a One Note sharing session . 
is a white belt now . 
- Spongebob's on ! 
is bored and doing homework . If anything interesting is going on on campus , text me please . 
is in D2 doing homework . So if you want to find me , or avoid me , there I am . I'm in my normal seat < PROPFIRST > side , sort of hiding . And my computer is dieing so ... 
- There are days when I feel like hiding from the world ; I retreat into my head , and sometimes disappear for days . Those are the times when you should go up to me , slap me in the side of the head and say , \Why you sad fool ? \"" 
is a bit down on luck today . I didn't write down the molarity of the HCl from the titration chem lab . Does anyone happen to have it ? 
- Shoot ! I forgot the fifth of November ! 
| I am what I am , so I am a yam . 
wishes everyone a happy Veteran's Day ! 
| By the way , they were twins . I'm not completely crazy ... Okay that last bit was a lie . 
| Do all hushpuppies taste sort of like Onion Rings ? 
should finally stop stumbling and chatting and do homework , else not have time tomorrow , with the service hours he has to do . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it works 
contributed to a viral status message , and is now going to shower with bleach then get back to my homework ... But seriously , it works . It's such a stupid thing for the developers to put in . 
is gone . Fear not , I'll be back next Sunday . Until then , adieu VT . In other news , people , I'm home ! 
is wondering is anyone else is back home to bug . That is , fellow Linganoreans . Otherwise , I'll be forced to do homework . 
should be feeling better than this after 11 hours sleep . Or at least I think it was 11 hours . Hard to tell , and I was woken up twice . 
is . 
| Woah ! ShadowLand is in FSK Mall now ? Since when did the mall have ANYTHING good ? 
has mint chocolate M&M's . All is good now . 
split a toenail in Tae Kwon Do last night . What a great end to the club . Now I have a souvenir . 
One of these days I'll have the nerve to say .. No that day is not today . 
| I hide behind this smile . Ha ! You can't see me . 
has been using Facebook in upsidedown english for too long . When I liked a status , I thought Facebook said \This likes you . \ " I'm oddly disappointed that it didn't . " 
is done . Stick a fork in- On second thought , lets just leave it at I finished the finals . Forks can be painful . 
| Home has never felt so .... small . 
has mulled cider and cookies . I'm in my happy place . Too bad I have a sore throat and can barely speak half the time ... 
really doesn't want to be trapped in his house by a sore throat and nasal infection . 
is now pissed . I have one B , which would have been an A had I not missed that exam . Other than that , I'm really excited that my calculations were wrong and I got A's in everything else . 
is going to see the < PROPFEMALE > Cotta Warrrior on January 3rd with his family . Anyone who wants to see it discounted that day should contact us or comment here . It's only 8 dollars , and you don't have to < PROPFEMALE > out with us if you don't want to . They aren't going to be in DC for much longer ... Or something . 
| Oh yeah ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all ... Well ... Good food and good company . 
| The war for my sanity is lost . Abort , abort ! 
| There was something seriously wrong with my last status . What sanity ? 
isn't going to see the < PROPFEMALE > Cotta Warriors on the 3rd anymore , they sold out . The only date we can attend now is the 16th ... Or I could skip college and Dad his job . 
| < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night . What ? It's not like anyone's going to see this status message lost in all the New Year's wishes anyway . :P 
It's time to show the world that MORE of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in FRONT of them !!! 
| A weight . ' A ' weight . Ha . 
is home . Home sweet Blacksburg , here I am . Home sweet Linganore , I'll be back . 
- Why is D2 so packed ? 
might be taking Global Ethics if the switch to Phys 2306 is unsuccessful . Might as well get an Area 7 out of the way . 
is currently in a class he already switched out of , listening to a lecture on sketching 3D graphs he heard in 12th grade . Thank you Ms. Purgason ! Also , new schedule , check my notes if you care . 
- Yay , I get to eat lunch now ! 
has a new note ! Anyone wanting to try out an online version of Telephone Pictionary should check it out . 
| Today is not my week . 
is doing homework ... Right now . Shoo Facebook , don't bother me . 
- My goal this semester , to see a group of friends outside D2 , all of whom I have cell-phone < PROPFIRST > for , and , en masse , send a text to them so I can watch them all grab for their cells ... And slap their foreheads , at the same time . ' Twould be epic . 
| New tally ! I only have an average of 17.17 credit hours per semester to graduate with 3 majors in 4 years ! I'm not entirely sure how that happened . It was much higher before . 
| If you aren't mature enough to laugh at something , you aren't mature enough to discuss it seriously . 
needs a little bit of help with Diffy Q's . 
would like to thank everyone who helped him with Diffy Q's . < \\sarcasm > 
is dropping Diffy Q's . I bombed the first test after not being able to get fully caught up after a week of sickness . 
is not dropping Diffy Q's ... yet . We'll see . 
| From < PROPFIRST > to D2 , my hair froze . And my face was frozen as well . Touché weather , touché . 
is confused . I did approximately 50% of the test , but I got a 79% ... Yay curves ! 
is TOTALLY doing homework ... I'm not on Facebook . Whatcha talkin ' ' bout ? 
was taking notes on OneNote , which likes to guess what you've wrote and use it as a title . The title of my < PROPFEMALE > was \Interlards . \ " As if the interwebs didn't have enough names . " 
needs help on < PROPFIRST>'s 2306 physics homework . By tonight . 
| It's astounding , time is fleeting . Madness takes its toll . 
noticed that the :P face in Facebook chat looks nauseous . I used to think it just looked sad until it was pointed out to me . 
would attack < PROPMALE > if he knew when he was out of classes . 
saw Jesus's face on his pancake ... And ate it . 
is back in Blacksburg . I have a feeling I won't see very many Jesus pancakes outside of E-Bay here . 
can't find the internet . 
' s tablet is not charging . And it's not ( just ) the power cable . T_T 
is very annoyed that the ECE prereqs and coreqs do not line up with the CpE general course guide . I would think the ECE department would know how to use a computer ... 
accidentally made next semester's schedule using this semester's classes . You'd think I'd know how to use a computer ... 
found fight club to be whole lot more epic than he thought it would be . 
' s C++ < PROPFEMALE > took off points for irrelevant comments , so the response was \// This comment is relevant ( to my interests ) . \"" 
- A fire alarm at Detrick ? Really now ? 
has about thirty water guns . Thanks Mom and Dad ! 
| \A little run ... just for fun ... \"" 
may be going to see Weird < PROPMALE > in concert June 18th as a birthday present . Who wants to tag along ? 
| \When you die they make a list/ of every love you've never kissed/ of each regret and each mistake/ every choice you fail to make . \"" 
is a joker . No , that's a lie . I call them as I see them , and life is a joke . I always tell truth , but you have to decide what you believe as your own truth . 
is insane . But that's the only thing keeping him sane . 
can see the floor of his dorm room ! It's kind of daunting to see so much rug ... I need to cover it up again . 
is not at D2 today ... Had to watch a West End pancake eating challenge . 
| Mei amici , vos datis me gaudium voluntatemque . Subsistete pro vobis . Aevum non potest mutare vos , quivis vos estis . O ! Atque , si hoc legere scis nimium eruditionis habes . 
had a virus on his 7 RC , even though he hadn't used it but twice . 
can't concentrate on studying alone . Does anyone want to study with me ? I promise I'll not be terribly off topic . 
I'M FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE- ... I lie ... 
is back home ... I miss Blacksburg already . 
has never had pizza rolls catch on fire in the microwave before ... These pizza rolls are disgusting too , how long have we had them ? 
| Thank you to everyone who sent birthday well-wishes . What would I do without all of you ! 
is watching lectures to pass time ... Anyone else bored enough to join me for something else ? 
is still alive . 
| Okay , I'm sick of DC . 
| Oh shoot , I had 300 friends exactly ... Oh well . 400 , here I come . 
should give the members of Facebook reason to think I'm still alive ! I'm doing science and I'm still alive ... 
is a tale told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . 
feels like he needs to get some work done ... But I haven't read this webcomic before . Oh , it's written by a 5 year old ! Neat . Oh , hey . Spence tagged me in a note ! When'd he get computer time ? While I was sleeping ... T_T Hmm ... Who's on FB ? I feel like writing a serious 25 things meme note now ... What was I doing ? 
is on your home < PROPFEMALE > , spamming pointless status messages ! 
is back in the ' Burg ! Finally ... 
just biked to Walmart in the rain !... Time for homework ... 
is still at D2 . I managed to slip under their radar today ! Yay $2 for two all-you-can-eat meals ! 
just did his first scholar quiz for ECE 2504 . It had immediate feedback , I got one hundred percent , and immediately whistled the Final Fantasy victory diddy .... I feel like such a nerd . 
feels like getting a picture of me made into a demotivational poster is rather appropriate . 
would like this weekend to end . 
| New band name : \The Bard Appellation . \"" 
| Using Google scribe to create a status update for Facebook sometimes gives you some very strange suggestions or results obtained from using and enjoying the Communication Initiative site September and early October < PROPFIRST > are pulled from the rubble by French aid . 
: \You met my dad ? \ " \ 
exists . Still . Just so you all know . 
| Pew Pew Pew at Tech is unofficially started ! Officially it's the Laser ( tag ) Club at Tech ( LCaT ) . Members and first meeting time needed desperately . 
is going to D2 to do homework . But that doesn't mean you shouldn't come bother me ! 
is lurking in D2 again . 
thinks he's getting better at these \interview\ " things . " 
| \You're confusing me with forty million Stormtroopers . \"" 
| Nothing beats D2 after beating up my roommate multiple times with a nerf sword . 
| Before course request opens , where are my Math < PROPMALE > friends in three thousand level and up classes ? I'm getting tired of barely knowing anyone in my class sections in the math department . 
roar ! 
just noticed he has 666 photos of him according to Facebook . Too bad I don't actually have the number of the beast on my Facebook ... I should delete 50 pictures ! 
| \It's like a metal bird came and pooped wires on my board . \"- My Roommate . On wire organization . " 
rawer ! 
will most likely not be in D2 today . 
| It seems I use all my time making statuses on Facebook about doing homework and asking anyone if they think I should make a note about going home or else end my search . Yay ! 
is home ! When do I go back ? Just kidding ... But seriously ... 
| Happy Thanksgiving to all the crazis of the interwebz . 
Sometimes I want to copy someone's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
is home ! When do I go back ? Just kidding ... 
has no classes today ! All day D2 ftw ! 
| No , I'm just going to hide in my room , watch Disney , and do homework . 
| I honestly don't know why I try ... 
is stuck in the ' burg for tonight ... 
is back from the ' burg ! And watching things I missed until better plans come along ... 
wonders what he would do for housing if he got the job in < PROPFEMALE > this summer ... 
is short plans for New Year's and doesn't feel like driving down to Blacksburg ... 
| I suppose I should change my profile picture some day ... 
is excited to wake up at 4 to get to NSA processing tomorrow ... 
doesn't see improvement . But , then again , I don't use Facebook enough to care about this whole profile thing . 
is back . Didja miss me ? No ? Me neither . 
is gathering up LCaT for officer elections on Sunday . Or at least that's the plan . Anyone is free to come ! 
has already gone caving for the first time ever this semester ... Now I've set a very high standard for this year , and I bet it's not going to live up to it . 
is going back to < PROPFEMALE > for Saturday ... Leaving here Friday afternoon , leaving there Sunday morning . Yay , Megabus ! Hopefully , I won't have to do this again this semester . 
has got a serious problem . I didn't realize the Megabus stop is a 2 hour walk from the BT stop . Can I bum a ride from someone ? 
is on the megabus ! They were playing < PROPFEMALE > Trek when I first got in , and now it's something that is really depressing ... 
saw < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer playing in Squires yesterday near ABP . I'm not sure what to think about this ... 
| Less important is catching a ride back into the burg . I get back to Christiansburg at 12:20 if there's no delay . Which means I can get back to Blackburg around 3 on my own . 
| Before I forget again , \Dog Sees God\ " was awesome ! Thanks for letting me tag along . " 
loves it when he has to install a program twice only to have it still not work . 
| Dear weather of Blacksburg , \ 
I know we've been at each other's throat as of late , and I would like to just take a step back and say how marvelous it is that you're here . For all that I say about you and your wind , it's times like this when I remember why I fell in love with you . The run was fantastic . Good night . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
