Geezus ! Why do people need to celebrate New Years as loud as they possibly can ? 

Okay , my internet is finally working right . I might be able to actually do something on here now :) 
Kicking butt watching Jeopardy . Would probably be more impressive if I was actually on the show . 
I have been watching WAY too much Supernatural lately . 
Just downed a 32 oz . raspberry iced tea in 3 minutes . Think I might throw up ... 
So , I''ve decided that I am going to celebrate my 18th birthday by going to see 30 Seconds to Mars play in Medford on 9/23 . 
Just spent the last 56 minutes watching a show about a psychic , and didn't realize it til now . 
So , I've recently discovered that my dog hates Led Zeppelin . He leaves the room everytime they're playing , but he does enjoy the song < PROPFEMALE > , by the Allman Brothers . 
Dr. < PROPFEMALE > Westheimer is on the Doctors today . She makes me feel uncomfortable ... 
Is anyone else in love with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s newly acquired facial hair ? 
Yes ! Just got my Styx tickets for Friday !!!!! 
How is it that every woman I draw ends up looking like a drag < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Watching a woman on tv compare gays to pedaphiles and adulterers , and waving her bible around like an idiot . 
Yes ! Just explained Schrodinger's cat to my dad , and he didn't get it . Then we started to watch NCIS and they were talking about Schrodinger's cat , and my dad threw his arms up in the air and stormed off talking about his brain exploding ! 
Ate 4 pices of hawiian pizza , 5 buffalo wings , a big bowl of chocolate macadamia ice cream , drank two big glasses of root beer , and then polished it all off with a 32oz . raspberry iced tea . I feel fine now , but something tells me tomorrow I won't ... 
So , my dad just said that dingos are from Africa ... 
Chickens at rest tend to stay at rest . Chickens in motion tend to cross the road . 
I wish I was in Coquille right now . It's so boring here ! Wow , that sounds so wrong . 
Just watched Bear Grylls pee in the ocean , because he wanted to wrestle a shark with his bear ( HAHA ! get it ! ) hands , and then eat it . Needless to say , the skark got away . There is something really off about a guy that will go skinny dipping in the arctic and use urine to fight a shark . 
Oh my God . Jackass 3-D . * sigh * That's it , I give up on humanity . 
So , I want to do a portrait of someone , but instead of drawing them , I want to make them out of legos . That would be so cool ! 
So , apparently my paternal greatgrandfather and his older sister were raised by a man named < PROPMALE > Clowers on Wolverton Mountain . When I found this out , I couln't stop laughing for like 5 minutes . \ 
\ 
P.S. If you don't know what I'm talking about , google it . 
Finally checking my facebook for the first time in a month . Thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday . I wasn't ignoring you . 
How can I want to see a movie about a bunch of owls ? They're so mean ! 
So , marrying someone that is crazy will probably make you unhappy . Thank you , CNN . 
So , is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > like God now ? 
Go green- pee in the shower . 
Waited all day to watch the first 10 minutes of Waynes World , and it was awesome ! Or should I say excellent ? 
I HATE Burger < PROPMALE > commercials !!! 
Why does the icecream man's truck quack ? Do duck noises attract children ? 
Wow , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > sucked . How come we never learned that in elementary school ? 
Damn you , fuzzy wall song ! Get out of my head ! 
Watching a syfy movie called Blood Monkey . It's about a monkey that kills people . Not that great a movie . 
I kind of wish < PROPMALE > Zombie really would make a movie called Werewolf Women of the S.S. , not just a trailer . 
God , what is wrong with me . I'm watching Watchmen and I actually like it . 
Great , the movie we want to see isn't even playing here yet . Now what are going to do today ? 
I feel so lame now . Why did I paint my pumpkin that ? It has nothing to do with Halloween , and it looks like crap . 
< PROPMALE > Noir looks like < PROPFIRST > Jett . Sorry , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Kind of want to throw up . 
I really wish that Grandpa wouldn't leave his underwear hanging on the bathroom doorknob . 
First Mrs. Cleaver , now Mr. Cunningham ? 
Took Gunny on a late walk , and he was so happy that he was finally going that he started dragging me down the road and I almost got hit by a semi . He's cute , but I want to kill him right now . 
Gunny ran off today when I got home from\ 
school . Found him stuck in a pond behind a retirement home . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > had to help me get him out . 
God help me , I'm watching a countdown show . 
Can't wait to watch The Exorcist tomorrow . Have never seen it in a theater before . 
Just listened to Rock'n'roll High School , Rock'n'roll Girlfriend , and Rockaway Beach by the Ramones . So , I really only listened to one song . The Ramones music catalogue is kind of like Schrodinger's cat . 
Just got out of the Exorcist . Still laughing hysterically , and crying a little bit . 
I really wish Dad would stop trying to convince me to continue drawing . He doesn't get that I don't care anymore . 
Oh God . Grandpa ate two bowls of beans and half an onion for dinner . :( 
I hate Graphics ! Why did you leave me < PROPFEMALE > ? They're all idiots ! 
Masters of the Universe or the Breakfast Club ? I can't decide which one to watch . 
Ouch ! I'm never giving blood at school again ! My arm has never hurt this much after giving blood ! 
Great , Dad and Grandpa both think I should go to the emergency room . I'm not giving blood again . 
I have no idea how I didn't notice this before , but Grandpa sounds like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Throrton in Sling Blade . 
Went over to < PROPFEMALE>'s house to work on our Government debate . Didn't do a thing . Debates are going to suck . 
Walked into the kitchen and there was a potato skin on the dinner table . No idea where it came from , but it wasn't there earlier . 
Feeling a lot better after going to < PROPFEMALE>'s , and we actually studied for Government ! 
Just had to pretend that the really nice lady dressed as a clown at Safeway didn't scare the hell out of me . 
Ah ! Just got coughed on by a trick-or-treater ! 
Just saw on tv a baby running on the beach like < PROPFIRST > Hasselhoff in Baywatch . He even had a chest full of hair . It was possibly the greatest thing I've ever seen . 
Damn . Grandpa tricked me into riding with him to < PROPFEMALE > Point . 
I can't believe I'm actually watching Miss March . This movie is so stupid ! 
It's a great feeling realizing your own family doesn't even notice when you're around . 
Just watched a hilarious video from the show The OCD Project . A woman was convinced that everytime she drove her car she'd hit a baby , so to treat her , her therapist had her drive in circles while he threw cabbage patch dolls at her windshield . 
So , took Gunny to the vet . today . Found out that he is allergic to beef , wheat , corn , milk and milk by products , fleas , and me . My own dog is allergic to me . Awesome . 
I feel like an extreme dork , but I really want to see Tron Legacy . 
Great , my dog is leaking again . 
No ! No ! No ! I hate you New Politics ! 
The Sandlot is on ! Possibly the greatest movie ever made . 
Holy crap . An hour ago I was extremely hyper , laughing like a demented chipmunk on crack , and crying hysterically from all of the laughing . My poor dog was terrified Now I'm totally calm . I don't think I should have any caffeine for a while ... 
Tomorrow is going to suck so hard . :( 
I think I am going to start a new portrait . Haven't done one in about 3 months ... 
I just realized that my music collection is seriously lacking . I have hardly any < PROPFIRST > Sinatra or < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and absolutely no < PROPFIRST > Buble . What is wrong with me ? 
My dad just said that I sound like a man when I talk on the phone ... 
I hate it when I can't stop thinking about things when I want to go to sleep . 
Today while I was in Life Skills I got to listen to a man with a strong Indian accent talk to a boy that has a speech impediment . I felt bad , because I had to try really hard not to laugh . 
How is it I always miss the first five minutes of Fanboys ? 
Oh God ! Gunny just went up to < PROPFEMALE > and started humping her leg ! He has never done that before ! 
Why are the Neon Trees freaking everywhere ? It's wrong ! 
Ouch ! Played the guitar for a few hours for the first time in months and my fingers feel like they've been skinned . Probably shouldn't have started out with the spanish guitar ... 
Awesome ! I was sick at exactly this time last year ! Hopefully this time won't require a hospital visit . 
I must be really sick , cause I'm on a boy band kick at the moment . Does anyone else remember BBMak ? 
So apparently when I get sick , cheesy songs from 90's boy bands are the only thing that will make me feel better . I have been listening to this crap for two days ! 
Okay , what the hell is boogaloo shrimp ? 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > , and toxoplasmosis , I won't be getting any sleep tonight ! 
Dad's coming home , I get to see my cousin's two adorable little girls , I can finally breath again , and < PROPMALE > Potter tonight ! Thanksgiving is kind of awesome this year . 
Dad actually brought with him my guitar from Redmond , and I put brand new D'addario extra lights on it . Love breaking in new strings . Plus , I finally got the All that I've Got tabs so someone ( you know who you are ! ) better not chicken out , cause I'm already learning it . 
< PROPFIRST > Nielson dead ? Surely you can't be serious ! 
Have you ever been face down in the mud , and been kicked in the head with an iron boot ? Of course you haven't! No one has ! It's a stupid question ! Forget I even asked ! 
Well , let's see . First the earth cooled . And then the dinosaurs came , but they got too big and fat , so they all died and they turned into oil . And then the Arabs came and they bought < PROPFEMALE > Benzes . And < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > started wearing all of Lady Di's clothes . I couldn't believe it . 
Shoo fly don't bother me , shoo fly don't bother me , shoo fly don't bother me , cause you belong to my friend Link ... Good catch !... Meat group ! 
STOP IT ! STOP IT ! STOP IT RIGHT NOW ! STOP IT ! All right , no one is to stone _anyone_ until I blow this whistle . Even ... and I want to make this absolutely clear ... even if they do say , \Jehovah . \"" 
The Goonies is forever ruined ! Thanks a lot ! 
Change your profile picture to your favorite childhood cartoon and invite your \ 
friends to do the same . Until Monday there should be no human faces on \ 
Facebook , but an invasion of childhood memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . =) 
Snapple fact ! Flamingos can only eat with their heads upside down ! Wow , that's weird ... 
No , Nat < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > stuck his finger in the pie and yanked out the bird ! 
I am getting really tired of being groped during 5th period ! 
Wow , I just realized the my favorite band's latest album , which I have had for over a year , is basically a soundtrack to 1984 ! How did I not catch this before ? 
Oh my God . Today is taking way too long ! 
What ? Where'd it go ? I just posted something , and now it's gone ! Anyway ... I have a new favorite sociopath ! Sounds bad , but I'm totally fine . 
Don't close your eyes . It's impossible to sneeze if your eyes are open . Open your eyes ... You're being selfish . 
Okay , I just walked into the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in liquid . Not water , but liquid ! It's gross , and Grandpa claims that he has no idea where it came from ! 
Cancel the cakes , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE>'s gonna use a trenchcoat instead ! 
There are like , four garbage cans blowing around outside . It's like that bag thing in American Beauty , only really loud . 
Frick , no power . 
Just made two pans of < PROPFEMALE > . It should last ' til the end of the week . 
It was Wednesday today , which was strange as yesterday was Friday . 
My best friend just violated me ... 
Okay , now I have to see The Social Network , because < PROPMALE > Reznor did the score for it . 
Forced , reverse urination ? That doesn't sound good . 
I love wrapping presents . It's fun making them look pretty . Coldplay is surprisingly good gift wrapping music . 
Okay , I am in love with Top Gear ( US ) . A ' 71 Cutlass Supreme and a ' 86 Pontiac Fiero in one show ? The colors are horrid ( pea green and gold ? ) , but the cars themselves are gorgeous ! 
\No ! That was terrible ! Now the men are just punching animals ! It's worse than before and it's in no way a good solution ! \"" 
I have been working on the Graphics design for the last few hours and guess what ! It's is really freaking hard to make a cool red devil design for lime green and traffic cone orange t-shirts ! I hate Graphics . Actually , no , I hate the people in Graphics . Morons ! 
Damn you , Qwop ! I get that wonky ass runner to go 50 metres , and I have to make him jump over a hurtle ?!?! I only got him that far by making him do some weird hump thing ! How am I going to make him jump ? 
Yay ! Hot chocolate and toast ! 
Watched last night's Conan , and holy crap , Conan O'Brien kicks butt on lead ! That was amazing ! That was better than listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , or even < PROPFIRST > McFly ! 
Been tracking < PROPFEMALE > for the past few hours . He is a speedy fat man . Spent less than 2 minutes in < PROPFIRST > , Kansas . 
< PROPFEMALE > is in Oregon !!!! Where the heck is Newberb ? 
IT'S CHRISTMAS !!!! Oh my God ! I am SO happy ! Actually , this holiday was a lot more fun when I was little . Well , at least I get to see my family today . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Christmas was pretty fun . Loved < PROPFEMALE>'s rendition of < PROPFEMALE>'s Believe . She was spot on ! 
I just found $5 in a pair of shoes in the back of my closet . Wonder what else is back there ... 
So , Gunny just walked into my room . He sat down , bent his head towards his butt , farted , looked at me like he was confused and walked away . Now my room smells like dog farts and febreze . 
So , tomorrow I am going to destroy my computer . I am tired of this piece of crap and have decided to just buy a new one . Good thing that I have my netbook to get me through ' til Thursday . 
Geesus , Colonel Sanders was an a**hole ! Why can't we just watch Top Gear ? 
Oh my God ! Finally got to see Tron Legacy and it was amazing ! I am in love with the soundtrack . 
No ! If your mother is in a park with a lesbian it is very much your problem ! 
Avenged Sevenfold in < PROPFIRST > on 2/13 , and I am going ! 
Avenged Sevenfold tickets !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lower bowl , directly across from the stage ! 
Geezus ! Why is it so freaking cold in my room ? Every other room in the house is perfectly warm . 
A Spinal Tap reference in an episode of Doctor Who ?! This show is amazing . 
Ouch ! Stupid guitar strings . My finger tips feel like they're on fire and look like ground up meat . 
?? u ??? ? ???? ? ou s ? p ???? no ? ???? ???? ? z ? l ??? no ? ?? ns ? ou ?? ? ? nq ' p ?? s ? ? u ??? no ? ???? pu ?? s ?? pun no ? ???? l ? q no ? ? ou ? ? \ 
Sorry , but I felt like being a butthead . 
Legs ? Yes . Bowtie ? Cool ... I can buy a fez . 
It's a fez . I wear a fez now . Fezzes are cool . 
Just had a horrible flashback to 3rd through 5th grade , when all of my \friends\ " insisted on calling me < PROPFIRST > . God 
My Graphix sweatshirt is awesome ! The front is a little bit wonky , but it still looks fine . 
1580 ? That's alright , Casanova doesn't get born for 145 years . I don't want to run into him . I owe him a chicken . 
Listening to My Chemical Romance and it is awful . Someone needs to give these guys about 10 bottles of Prozac , some eye makeup remover , and a walk in the afternoon sun . Cheer up you bitches ! 
How can a movie about a homeless convict/heroin addict be so adorable ? 
What is with girls making duck faces when their picture is being taken ? Either they think ducks are attractive or someone happens to hit them in the face before every single picture of them is taken , thus the pouty duck face . 
Dear God , what is it like in your funny little brains ? It must be so boring . 
I said that she's got an 80's dress on , but an old fashioned lamp in her room . They're different words in a different sentence ... 
Goth Detectives ! The mystery adventures of goths < PROPMALE > Skeleton ( < PROPFIRST > Fielding ) and Macabre de Coiffure ( < PROPFIRST > Brand ) . When the theme tune starts they run out of their coffins ... weeelll not run , more like saunter . Goths don't run . \ 
Macabre : \The goth detectives can get the job done in 48 hours ! \ " \ 
\Cable cars are fun - everyone gets on board and becomes a rhesus monkey . \"" 
\He's like a child dizzy on lemonade ! \"" 
Finally got new cell service ! AT&T won't let me cancel my contract with them though , ' cause even though the account is in my name the SSN on it is my Dad's! 
Accidently drank my grandpa's real milk instead of my almond milk . Gross . 
Geez , when did Linkin Park start sucking so hard ? 
Listening to Sherlock Holmes The Rediscovered Railway Mysteries and Other Stories . The stories are really good , and I love < PROPMALE > Cumberbatch's voice , but I cannot get used him being Watson . It's just not right . 
T-minus 24 hours ' til Avenged Sevenfold concert ! Probably won't sleep more than a few hours tonight . Not because I'm too excited , but because I am a professional procrastinator and have yet to even start my Government project , which is due next week . 
New Medicine blows . 
Okay , New Medicine is even worse than the New Politics and the Neon Trees combined . They suck so hard I wish the stage would collapse . 
Avenged Sevenfold and Stone Sour were AMAZING ! That was the best concert I have ever been too , even if the first two bands blew chunks so hard I thought I might drown in it . 
Closing Time just starting playing on the radio , and I am freaking out ! I love this song ! Haven't heard it in ages . 
It's weird when someone tells you something and it seems like it should be bad news . but really , it's more like good news . It makes you feel relieved , because you know things will be better in the long run . 
No good has ever come from my love of cheesy 90's boy bands ! I just got caught singing along with a Backstreet Boys song inside Safeway . :/ 
Well , today was less than awesome . The show was cool , and there was some amazing peices , but pretty much everything else sucked . Especially SWOCC , cause I have to do that again next week . 
At least Supernatural is on tonight . 
Aww , that angel killed < PROPFEMALE > Collins . What a < PROPMALE > . Ah , who cares . He cried like a little girl . Still , a < PROPMALE > move . I love Supernatural . 
\You mix your wheeties with your mama's toe jam ! \ " Best movie ever . " 
Is anyone else getting annoying adds on their news feed ? 
Nothing like deviled eggs at 10:00 at night . Yeah , I am so not sleeping tonight ... 
Big Wolf on Campus ! I loved this show when I was little ! Haven't watched it in years . Almost forgot about it . 
I'm trying to waste my time by watching the news , but the news channels keep on wasting my wasted time by talking about that licentious piece of crap , < PROPFIRST > Sheen . I wish that I had the capacity to be able to love ANYTHING as much as that guy loves cocaine and porn stars . 
The meter is running dude ! Crap or get off the pot ! 
Fun fact ! Babies aren't dishwasher safe . 
Okay , so Rango was disturbing . Definitely NOT a kids movie . 
You know what ? Nazis had doctors , < PROPFEMALE > ! They had nazi doctors that fixed their nazi legs so that they could walk around being angry ! 
Why the heck is the thunderstorm warning coming up in only spanish ? I don't speak spanish ! The only thing I know in spanish has to do with moldy cheese and a bathroom ! 
And God came down from the heavens , and He said unto \ 
the chicken , \Thou shalt cross the road . \ " \ 
I love watching old 50's westerns with Grandpa . He likes to have conversations with the characters . It's awesome . 
GAHHH !!! I am going to be so whack with poo brain if I don't get to sleep soon . 
$ 845,000 for a hybrid that looks like the batmobile ? Good job ! Anyone that actually goes out and buys that < PROPFEMALE > is a moron . 
Somehow , the oneness of this shared experience , the coalescing of millions of minds , had affected the randomizing function of these machines , organizing their outputs and bringing order from chaos . \ 
It's national book week . The rules are , grab the closest book to you , turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 , post the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the title . Copy the rules as part of your status . 
Just chased my dog through the cemetery AGAIN ! GRRR ! At least there wasn't a funeral going on this time . That was awkward . 
Tales of girls and boys and girls and marsupials , tales of girls and boys and girls and marsupials dododododo ... baba dododododo ... wahwahwahwah baba dodododo ... 
I love listening to my Infant Sorrow album . The Clap , man , that's like my childhood . :) 
My touch lamp keeps turning on by itself ! 
This is my timey-wimey detector . It goes ding when there's stuff . Also , it can boil an egg at 30 paces , whether you want it to or not , actually , so I've learned to stay away from hens . It's not pretty when they blow . 
So , the Ghost Adventure guys want to use the American Idol contestants to piss off a bunch of ghosts ? You have no idea how badly I want this to happen . 
Got my graduation announcements today . They gave me about 20 more than what I ordered , but I wasn't charged for them . I was also given a rhinestone dogtag , instead of the senoir key that I ordered . That ticked me off . Especially when the guy said that he'll \check and see\ " what I really ordered . I know what I ordered ! " 
My can of Easy Cheese just exploded in my face , and I'm taking it as a sign to go to bed . 
Just watched the new Foo Fighters documentary , and am bouncing off the walls because their new ablum is out on Tuesday . Probably going to be on a FF kick for the next few weeks . 
The coolest time travelers are the ones that travel in a phone box . e.g. The Doctor , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
My mood just improved significantly , because I remembered that a new Supernatural is on tonight ! :D 
Thank God for YouTube . Even though being at Coachella would be amazing , watching it live is the next best thing , I guess . The Strokes on now , and She Wants Revenge later tonight , after Kanye West , which I am not watching , and the Duran Duran encore that I probably will watch . 
Don't make me come down there , boy , and put a dolphin suit on you . 
What ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Smith is dead ? Aww , Doctor Who just isn't the same now . :( 
Apparently , Gunny does not like it when I pretend to cry . Probably because he doesn't like it when I actually cry , and they both sound pretty much the same . 
Are your cats old enough to learn about Jesus ? 
What possible downside could there be to getting 1 million free stickers ? Waiting the two weeks it'll take for them to arrive . :/ 
The new Doctor Who episode was disappointing and predictable . Felt more like they were half way through a series , instead of starting one off . :/ 
Not only will < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > be in The Hobbit , but < PROPFIRST > Tennant too ! As an elf ! This movie needs to come out soon ! 
One of the perks of having food poisoning is that you can stay home from school and watch Torchwood all day . Everytime Capt . < PROPFIRST > introduces himself I think of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Anyone up for a game of Pelt the Rabbit in His Big White Face ? 
\There's no point in chucking the baby out with the bathwater . \ " What the hell does that mean ? " 
Go running with chicken . It's not racist , because white people like chicken too . 
Dammit ! It's the quacking ice-cream truck . 
Obama got Osama . 
Ever sneeze so hard that for a moment you thought you might pass out ? 
Given traditional Islamic burial rights ? I'm impressed . Certainly more than he deserved , in my opinion . 
Does anyone else have trouble remembering who is Hall and who is Oats ? 
I did get rescued out ? of a pond , out of a puddle actually .... by a starfish .... Me and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dyke were in a puddle , out of our minds , on meow meow . 
So , why does Fox News spell Osama like Usama ? I know that fact checking isn't really their M.O. but still ... 
The greatest superhero ever ! Enema Man : Fighting crime , one hose at a time . 
Yes , yes , I know , I know , very bad luck to break it , but look at it this way : there's a stroppy , homicidal mermaid trying to kill all . 
So , I guess I'm doing 17 credits next Fall . Yay ... :/ 
0118 999 881 999 119 725 ... 3 
You wouldn't steal a handbag . You wouldn't steal a car . You wouldn't steal a baby . You wouldn't shoot a policeman , and then steal his helmet . You wouldn't go to the toilet in his helmet , and then send it to the policeman's grieving widow . And then steal it again ! Downloading films is stealing . If you do it , you will face the consequences . 
Personal Jesus ! I love this song , haven't heard it in ages ! I need to start listening to Depeche Mode again . 
