I have to go to work :( 

Getting ready to eat my birthday cake !!! < PROPMALE > chocolate . Yum !!!! 
Finally done with everything ! Now i go to bed and sleep . 
Getting ready to go to bed so I can start yet another week of school , riflery , and work 
Going bowling !!! 
Got a kid arrested at work , ate free food , and went bowling . Last night was a pretty good night . 
LOVE ! my new laptop :) 
I HATE the common cold !!!! 
WACKO dress rehearsal tonight :( 
WACKO is finally OVER !!!!! Maybe I can get some sleep now . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day turned out to be a pretty good movie . 
Field trip tomorrow !! Going to see Supreme Court Live . I am kind of looking forward to it . 
should stop avoiding homework 
writer's block :( 
is lovin the sun 
I am so not liking this US gov paper right now . 
does NOT want to go to work today 
is not looking forward to working by herself tonight :( 
wishes all the homework would simply disappear 
is regretting putting off this us gov project to the last night 
I'm finally done ..... at 1:30 in the morning 
On the couch . 
Had a fantastically fun night ! :D 
So since 6am yesterday morning ( 30 hours ) I have gotten a total of 3 hours of sleep . Definitely not something I plan to repeat for awhile . lol 
Is ready for Friday already . 
hasn't studied for the us gov test yet :( 
is chatting with an amazing friend while watching the Ealges Concert on DVD 
is in love with the sun !!!! 
You may be right I may be crazy But it just may be a lunatic your looking for 
Ben&Jerry's is Yummy !!! 
Last week of school !!!! 
What a BEAUTIFUL Day !!!!! 
is officially done with AP Stats ! Now i need to study for us gov and enjoy the amazing sunshine . 
Oh My Goodness !!! I had so much fun up at Eklutna with Chels and < PROPMALE > ! :D 
Now this day is going to get even better cause I'm going to see an awesome friend ! 
One more day and then I am done with high school !! 
making cupcakes ! :D 
had a pretty fun night at work :D 
Happy Mothers Day to all !!! 
Doesn't have to go to school tomorrow !!!! 
Graduation tonight !! 
Ready to party tonight !! 
is tired from a long day of driving and having fun 
has to work 12:30 to 9:30 tomorrow :( oh well , i need the money anyways 
It's really nice out .... maybe I will go on a hike 
Just got back from a nice hike :D 
has to go into the school tomorrow morning to talk to her stupid counselor :( 
grrrr ... i was gonna go on a hike tomorrow and now I can't!! 
has to work all day tomorrow and won't get to enjoy the amazing sun :( 
bored on a < PROPFEMALE > day :( 
getting back from a 5 mile hike at 10:00 pm ...... can it get any better 
One more day of work and then I finally get my weekend ! 
Bike ride at eklutna = dud ........ stupid wildfires :( 
is bored and stuck at work 
My weekend comes around and so does the rain . Thanks mother nature . 
Is tired of all the shit she has to deal with at work !! They should see what not doing anything actually looks like ! 
thinks her car has a signal it sends out to the base guards that says \pick me for random security checks ! \"" 
Everybody has cleared out of work already ! Just a little bit of cleaning , locking up , and then I'm done for the night ! 
being at work = BORED !!!! 
Currently has a bruise on her arm that is three different colors 
Got a 5 on her AP Stat test !!!!!!!! 
Long and mostly boring day . Maybe tomorrow will bring more excitement . 
\What hurts the most\ 
Needs to get out of the house and do something tomorrow . 
Back to work today . Oh and look the sun finally decided to come out . Grrr ! 
Time to wash the car !!!!! 
It's a new day . Time to put the past behind me and look toward a brighter future . 
Goin ' to the air show ! 
Crazy Hair is awesome !...... until you have to undo it all 
More work tomorrow * sigh * 
Mom's surprise birthday party was a success !!!! 
Home alone tonight . 
Rain , rain go away , come again another day . 
Stupid caffeine gum ... 
Bored !!! 
movin ' into the dorms on Thursday ! 
Slow day at work 
So the movie Vampires Suck really sucked ! 
In the dorms ! 
saw a rainbow when I left work today :D 
the constant stream of homework and studying has officialy begun 
Note to sore throat :\ 
You have been hanging around too long . Please leave ! 
So it's kinda creepy when you are at a stoplight at night and there is just a homeless guy sitting there . I couldn't wait for the that light to turn green . 
5 day weekend from school !!! 
Shinedown was Awesome !!! 
hoping for a nice , calm , and normal day at work tomorrow 
I really wish I didn't have so much calculus to do :( 
Successfully hiked 12 < PROPMALE > today with my dad ! Now I am sore and exhausted , lol . 
chemistry test tomorrow , which means study time 
I have a new dislike . Driving through fog at night . :( But on another note Easy A was a really good movie ! 
termination dust ! :( 
almost 1:30 am and I am still working on biology :( 
don't really want to study for my bio lab exam 
work from 3:30 to 9:30 tomorrow and then the homecoming dance ! 
Is currently hating her biology lab project 
It's\ 
LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped\ 
your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered \ 
you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put\ 
this on your status if you have an amazing sister . 
this has got to be the worst week so far . Two nights of only 3-4 hours of sleep and all because of stupid homework :( 
Grrrr ..... stupid uaonline won't let me sign up for bio 116 because \I don't meet the prerequisites\ " .... what kind of crap is that !! " 
I take Monday night off of work so I can go to zumba with friends ..... and it's freakin canceled !!!! 
Has been banned from picking movies cause my choices are always bad because the previews are deceiving :( Love and Other Drugs was not a good movie 
All finals are complete !!! Now for a nice relaxing month with no homework :) 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > . I love you and miss you so much already ! Best hiking and cuddle < PROPMALE > ever ! :'( 
I have officially finished all 7 seasons of Gilmore Girls :( what will I do now ? 
Biology lab paper due + feeling nauseous = crappy night ...... now time for bed 
Midterms mixed with a cold is the beginning of a crappy week . 1 test done , 2 to go ! 
Finally finished my lab notebook !!!! Now onto calc studying :( 2 tests tomorrow with only a 15 < PROPFEMALE > break between the them . Wish me luck ! 
Officially registered for summer classes . Probability and Lifespan Development . 
So spring break ..... calculus take-home test , biology homework , honors project , and work . What part of break am I missing ? 
Tonight's agenda : tree coring paper , chem test studying , and < PROPFEMALE>'s choir concert . Hopefully all will be complete by midnight ..... 
Coughing up my lungs :( 
