constanlty perplexed by idiots 

So happy the hear KGEZ ( < PROPFIRST > Stokes ) has been closed down by the bankruptcy court !!! 
Finally off to bed after a relaxing day of : muddng and sanding the Bathroom , changing the oil in my Passat , Fixing the fuel leak on the BMW 02 , almost getting the loaf running , making a nice dinner , installing and configuring Mambo to redesign my web site , starting the redesign and updating my blog . Tommorow I get to work ! 
the good news is , it sounds as if tthe fire near lakeside is on its way to out ! 
Off to MCEL in Missoula 
About to go see Capitalism - A love story . I don't ordinary like love stories but they are great date movies , right . 
just setting up my third Blog site . This one is about my home renovation fun . 
just finished reading the latest 2 cents in the Interlake , unfortunatly I ate first . It makes me sick what some people will beleive . 
Just saw law abiding citizen - needed a mindless pursuit - Finally a decently well written bad guy , the first since Hannibal . 
I am pretty sure I am the first person on my block to have Ubuntu 9.10 installed !! I know , yay huh . 
Lot's of really good costumes in Whitefish tonght , not sure who won the contest but my favorite costume was the two guys in a cardboard boat dressed as Rehberg and Barkus . They walked around turning the boat sideways and occasionally running into things , all the while telling everyone to vote Republican . It was classic Whitefish , and the reason people from all over plan vacations in Whitefish on Halloween . 
Nice ! Commercial lender , CIT files bankruptcy and flushes 2.3 billion taxpayer dollars down the drain . Another example of just how big a load of crap the last administration sold us with the TARP nonsense . 
Sweet ! my car was on the ten o'clock news . Nope not me , just my car . Hope it does not find out or I will never hear the end of it , guess I cant tell it that the camera added a good 15 pounds . 
Maybe it is just me but shouldn't people like lieberman and mccain who preach the evils of government- not be part of it . Given my feelings about the evils of organized religon it would be the same thing if I took a job as a preacher or otherwise relied on the church to feed me . Probably just me . 
I propose legislation which disallows one dollar of federal money be spent on health insurance . In other words no health coverage paid for Senators , Representatives or anybody who works in or for the Federal Government . I wonder how much that will save ? 
The magic eight ball says : Reply hazy try again . 
Just back from two days of school law and technology symposium , tired but a bit more knowledgible 
Now there's no more oak oppression , For they passed a < PROPMALE > law , And the trees are all kept equal By hatchet , axe , and saw . 
There are 10 kinds of people in the world . Those who undestand binary and those who don't . 
Cooking holiday dinner , turkey etc .. for the boys today . As usual my stuffing would win awards . 
baffled as usual 
'' I think there is a handful of people who hate < PROPFEMALE > . Unfortunately for them , a lot of them are losing their homes in a < PROPMALE > fire today . '' —Glenn Beck , on why people who lost their homes in < PROPMALE > fires in California had it coming , Oct . 22 , 2007 
Violence can only be concealed by a lie , and the lie can only be maintained by violence . Any man who has once proclaimed violence as his method is inevitably forced to take the lie as his principle . < PROPFIRST > Solzhenitsyn 
Will the Republicans actually say to the American people that it is ok for wall street to do whatever t hey want ? Yes , it seems they will . I have never seen such a bunch of whiners since my grade school playground . 
I am not really sure that if i were driving through Arizona and was stopped and asked to prove my citizenship , that I could . Not without a lot of digging to find a birth certificate , anyway . The good news is I wont have to because of my < PROPFEMALE > white < PROPFEMALE > complexion . Of course there is just no way I could imagine even going through such a backwards state as Arizona . Too bad i had heard it was beautiful there . 
I have discovered that I can only dance to songs witha particular time signature , even then very poorly . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s sewing / book room looks great . Finished the built in shelves last weekend , < PROPFEMALE > and I installed the flooring yesterday , and I completed the electrical . Just some paint touch ups ( ooops ) and a few other minor things and another room in this house is done ! The question is how do people who don't DIY spend weekends ? 
My homemade BBQ sauce had all the essential ingredients but does not taste as good as ussual , huh . I am not sure i should be BBQing when I can see my breath but BBQ it is . 
Another beautiful flooring install by the team of < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . We are getting good at it . Just reseting the toilet , trim and nit-picking left and the downstairs bathroom is done . 
I thought he asked how many mothas in the audience so i raised my hand . At first I thought it was odd that I was the only guy with his hand up . Then someone told me he had asked how many mothers . Oops my bad . \ 
\ 
To all mothers thanks , really . 
Nightly Voter file updates is my world again , wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !! 
I'm thinking of breaking my lifetime record of never voting for a Republican . The Primary in the Dem side has only the Congressional race contesteed in my district anyway . Still it feels dirty and wrong . Two questions \ 
1 ) Should I do it anyway and then bath right away \ 
2 ) Does any one else think Montanas primary system is goofy and a waste of paper . 
just sealed my absentee ballot in and will mail today . Why does Montana require we return the unvoted ballot ? If we don't , does it still count ? Returning them both puts me into extra postage , can anyone say voter suppression effort ? 
I.ve discovered a second thing that no women I have , known met or seen can do really well . Head banging . I am talking about the all out hair flying , head flailing , perfectly times to the music head banging . \ 
Ok pipe down ladies my male-feminist cred is not in danger here I am sure some woman some where can do it every bit as well as < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > could or Slayer can . I just have never seen it . 
Is anyone else tired of the situation in the Gulf being called a spill ? when your pipes freeze and burst try calling your insurance company and filing a claim saying you have a water spill . the Valdez was a spill this is a gush or even a spew but NOT a spill . 
Picked up Tomatoe , Pepper , Cuke , Eggplant plants along with some already started herbs today . Radishes , Lettuce , Spinach , Carrots , Beans , Onions , Scallions , Strawberries , Raspberries , more herbs and who knows what else already in the ground . \ 
Looks like < PROPFEMALE>'s garden will be one to brag about again this year . And I will get to make a bunch of good stuff and freeze some . 
Someone said - It seems the older I get the faster time flies by . \ 
I said - That is true but so is the obverse . 
The right screams that the government should do more about the oil disaster , Isn't this\ 
the same group who think everything should be privatized ad who curse the government regulation which may have kept\ 
this from happening ? \ 
It is not as inconsistent as you think when you look at the true goal of these neo-conistic-libertarian-corporatists . \ 
Privatize the profits - Socialize the losses 
Anyone who thinks for one minute that BP will ever be responsible for ALL the costs of this mess need only look at < PROPFEMALE > Montana . We the people are always left to write a check to mop up the ooze of corporate greed . 
My quest for darker and darker chocolate has finally led me to Ghirardhelli 100% cocoa chocolate . I just about guarentee it will cure any chocolate craving , and no sugar or milk to get in the way . 
When I am idling in at a stop light my gas mileage computer says I am getting 103 MPG technically shouldn't it say zero MPG ? 
I just received my first survey and request for money which was addressed to my corporation . Thanks Supreme court for making my corporation a person . Can I sign it up to vote ? 
Wow ! Someone had to do a study to determine that mexican drug money does not go through a bank , and that stricter banking laws here make sure the cash is not spent here but in Mexico . Derrrrr . But seriously they had to do a study . 
I really don't think that BP really wants to stop the leak / gush . I bet they were jealous that our Gulf was better than their channel and so set out to purposly destroy the Gulf . 
Today i had the distinct honor and privelege of handing diplomas to the graduates of Whitefish High School . I had been told that School board membership was without compensation , not so . Congratulations again graduates everywhere , especially Whitefish ( go Bulldogs ) . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > suspends his camapign over a DUI arrest and still only comes in just over a half point behind his primary opponent ( 112 votes ) . Not sure what that says about his opponent . Will there be a recount ? Film at eleven . 
finds it interesting that those who railed so hard against health care because they saw it as a government take over , now are hollering for a government take over of the oil spill . Sheesh try and be consistent in your whining . 
wonders why it is always country songs , often very old country songs , that get stuck in his head . 
when the world slips me a < PROPMALE > , I just stroke the furry walls . 
Is finding it harder and harder to be a Democrat . Can the party be any furthur in bed with big industry ? I mean if you are going to kow - tow to big oil and big pharm and big med and big everything else while continually ignoring main street , why not just call yourselff an R and be done with it . 
is thinking I should move to Minnesoata so I can vote against < PROPFEMALE > Bachman , who sees the recent agreement between BP and the President as a sign that Obama does not want the leak stopped . I really do beleive we need more women in office , but if they are like Landrieu , Bachman and Palin then no thanks . 
I am reading sh*t my dad says . 
Just finished reading sh*t my dad says . Maybe the best fathers days gift ever . 
I haven't done F&*K all today . i made breakfast , read a book , went shopping and made dinner . Oh wait I fixed the mower so I can mow tomorrow , good that menas that I can feel good about taking my sweeetie on a date then . 
Ate the first radish out of < PROPFEMALE>'s garden today . 
I remember attending concerts such as April Wine ( twice ) , Foreigner , Rush , < PROPFIRST > Halen , and others . at what was then called the Metra . That was a long time ago when < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Roth still sang for < PROPFIRST > Halen , and before we named publicly funded buildings after private companies . 
school board work session yay 
Has decided against running for President , for now . 
This week in Washington the GOP says sorry unemployed people , but we dont have the money . Next week we magiacally find the same 33 Billion for the war in Afghanistan . shameful really . 
Stone IPA - $9.99 for a six . That's 1.66 and a half cents per awesome 12 oz bottle , or just about 14 cents per delicious refreshing ounce , and if i have done the math right at 6.9 % ABV that works out to almost an even < PROPMALE > per ounce of intoxicating substance . Worth every < PROPFEMALE > . Pick some up soon wherever great beer is sold . 
I was able to Stabilize the US Debt by 2018 using @BudgetHawks simulator ! Can you ? http://www.crfb.org/stabilizethedebt/ 
Someone said the thing was foolproof . They dont know me that well . 
I hereby officially proclaim that I will never buy anything from or visit the website of any entity which mentions its phone number or web address more than twice in a radio or TV commercial . 
I wonder how much more we as a people could get done if we did not have this , dare I say obsession - yes I dare - with the length of our grass . 
My son is flying hom , e from College in < PROPFEMALE > as we speak , just texted tyhat he landed in < PROPMALE > . Very excited as we have not seen him since Christmas break . 
Could it be that summer has returned ? to the Flathead ? at least for two or three days it appears so . 
Is it just me or do others hate that we can't just read the news ? So much of it is delivered in videos complete with commercials , and it seems more each day comes this way . At least give me a story and put the vide there so i can click if I want . If i want TV I will watch TV . 
Socialism - Where the people own the health care system . \ 
Capitalism - Where the health care system owns the people . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > - Where the health care system owns the government . 
I wonder - If I am haveing something like a chef salad or A cobb salad for dinner , would Miss Manners say I should eat it with a dinner fork - since they are my dinner - or a salad fork since both are also salads ? 
Idea for Apples next ad for the iPhone - need decent reception ? Turns out we don't have an app for that . 
Will be giving a presentation on social Media this evening and then watching music in the park with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Hiked to Strawberry Lake earlier today . What an amazing climb , for those familiar with danny-on this is more intense , 3 < PROPMALE > up almost all the way . This old man made it up and back down . We will see if i can stil walk tommorow . 
Trying to decide what to do after work Wednesday . Any Ideas . 
I Just almost hit a bear on the highway . near West Glacier 
I should really go back to school 
I am going to hike to Hidden Lake tomorrow . Hence I will know where it is and it will not be hidden to me ! I will reveal the location to the world , forcing the government to change the name of the lake , and reprint all the maps - unless they pay me 10 billion dollars . 
Here we are how many versions in and Quickbooks gets worse and worse and worse . What a piece of crap . 
Looking for suggestions on a trail to hike Saturday . Hoping for between 6 and 8 < PROPMALE > total in glacier with some up and down . Any ideas . 
I just saw an article on the top twenty most downloaded songs of all time and I am PROUD to say I have downloaded NONE of them . I do have to admit that I have heard at least part of some of them , so I think I must still get out too much ! 
I do wish to officially announce that I am part of the completely amatuer left . NOT the Proffesional Left . I am not saying I am not part of the problem . 
Thinks < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is\ 
a pussy !! and is tempted to move to AZ just to vote against him , except \ 
for that immigration thing . Besides , < PROPMALE > s opponent no doubt also hates \ 
Muslims so what good would it do . Freedom of religion only applies to \ 
Christians and even then it is one sided . 
Wonders when the community center builders will tell New York that they will instead take there 10 million dollar construction project elswhere . 
Finally it's Friday I'm out of my cage\ 
Two days of freedom are coming for a rage\ 
I go the dances and hit all the bars\ 
On weekends my wages they go just so far\ 
Ok I'll probably go hiking instead but < PROPMALE > was close 
Montana's answer to having the most inept drivers in the nation - lower the speed limits . Lasalle Rd maybe the nicest piece of four < PROPFIRST > road in Montana , certainly in the Flathead goes to 60 and 55 . Ridiculous !!! Hey legislators when do we get a minimum speed ? 
Just finished a really long school board session Wish I had a clone . 
So that I might better be prepared for what animals are about while hiking , I plan to read a book on animal scat . I haven't decided yet which one , but wanted to put people on notice that next time you say \Shannon does not know shit\ " you may be wrong . " 
Arrrrrgh . just cant quite make my php code insert a wordpress user . I am going to bed . 
Great Birthday so far . Best one this year easily . 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes . For a gift a router - not the kind I usually mess with this one one removes wood from other wood in fancy ways - For dinner fried chicken - I've had better even in the Flathead , for dessert a nice cold Rogue Brutal IPA . Beer advocate folks gives it an A- and I concur . Still not as good as Racer 5 ( IMHO ) but what'r ya gonna do , again it is the Flathead . \ 
Thanks again . 
Wish I could do the March on Washington on October 2 . Anybody want to sponsor me ? 
All across Montana we are losing good teachers to budget issues . Here in Whitefish we don't even have the budget to keep our school nurse . The Feds step up to the plate and the 30 million sent to Montana goes into the education coffers . But < PROPFEMALE > the same amount comes out the other end . The result/ no addiional monies for schools . Makes me wonder Why do I even vote ? 
Someone challenged me today that I was not open minded enough . Said I should read things from the other side of the political spectrum from my own . Problem is I prefer my non-fiction , be non-fiction So someone point me towards any right wing , Libetarian or tea party material that will help me understand the position ? I am only interested in what has a basis in fact and historically aware 
< PROPFEMALE > just got her second tattoo and now I am considering getting one . What should I get and at what place on my body ? 
I am preparing a course for the community college called Republican math . Here is a sample see if you know the answer . \ 
1 ) if your team has 45 points and the other team has 55 who wins . \ 
a ) Clearly the other team wins \ 
b ) My team of course , and you would know that if you read the rules . \ 
c ) It is not about winning but getting the others teams fans to quit watching . \ 
d ) I was told there would be no math . 
Floods , raging wildfires , hurricanes , earthquakes , now I remember Why I live in Montana . 
The unwanted side effect of Montana's no smoking indoors law is the cancer corridors just in front of and behind many businesses , especially bars . 
Setting lofty goals is fine and all , but just think , if your goal is simply to live each day hen you will probably fail only once . 
I talked to God and God said ' John , \ 
I let them kill my only son\ 
and my creation's so undone\ 
that I can't help out everyone\ 
But if you're looking for advice\ 
you don't need to ask me twice\ 
start with the basics : just be nice\ 
and see if that makes things all right . ' \ 
Bet you have not heard the song these lyrics come from . 
< PROPFIRST > D Hanson\ 
If only the \ 
Delaware Senate candidate were a witch . Then I could vote for her ( assuming I \ 
lived in Delaware ) . After all the core tenet of Wiccan is An it harm \ 
none , do what ye will , In other words we don't hate everyone who is not \ 
just like us , and we don't expect others to as well . 
Old < PROPFEMALE > sayings - Number one \ 
If you want to know what God thinks of money , just look at who He gives it to ! \ 
and number two \ 
You can accomplish more with a kind word and a shillelagh than you can with just a kind word . 
No one who really knows me at all would believe I am currently watching Friday night Football ? Oh , did I mention it was the LFL ( Lingerie Football League) ? this one is Seattle versus Chicago . I know , who cares who wins . 
Rep < PROPFIRST > Grijalva's ( d ) Arizona officewas sent toxic powder . Third threat against this lawmaker . Do you suppose stirring up the arizona white folks against everyone else has anything to do with it ? 
A question for those more familiar with Montana history . Was Big Timber just badly named or did they name it then cut down every tree ? 
Apparently Billings just has snail slow internet everywhere ? 
I am gastrointestinally disinclined when it comes to venison so I don't see the point in hunting but let me see if i understand opening day .... 
The best ideas I have heard for fundamentally changing congress \ 
1 ) Congress people should be paid the average wage for the state they are from . With bonuses possible tied to\ 
a ) low unemployment in state\ 
b ) high graduation rate in state \ 
C ) decreased crime rate . 
thought Bisquick only made pancakes . 
More ideas for true change in Washington \ 
1 ) Companies should be required to disclose how much of every dollar I give them is used on Political action . For example if my insurance company sends me a < PROPMALE > for 1000 dollars they must let me know how much of that will be used for political action . \ 
2 ) I have the right not to pay that portion of the < PROPMALE > . 
What i learned form political mailers today \ 
1 ) < PROPMALE > Skees thinks Whitefish is beautiful - not beautiful enough for him to live there however . \ 
2 ) Apparently if I ust had less government regulation my business would magically grow - all this time i thought it was about increasing my customer base and providing good service . 
Takes a licking and keeps on ticking . 
Thinks taking money from the government and then whining about social services spending is a little like telling your parents they should shore up the budget by not giving anyone in the family an allowance except you . 
If < PROPMALE > Skees had his way I will have several more hours a month freed up . I normally spend these hours in meetings of the Whitefish School board but Skees believes that decisions for the Whitefish students and all others should be made by some county wide board . So much for local control . 
The good news is the three people I wanted most to lose still are . 
just registered ragingboehner.com anyone want to help me with it ? 
In Montana at least two bills have been introduced to repeal the Medical Marijuana Law which was passed in a ballot initiative . There is little doubt this law needs some tweaking but < PROPMALE > Shockley and < PROPFIRST > Milburn prefer to completely override the will of the people , deny relief to people who find relief in medical marijuana , and maybe worst of all put hundreds of Montana businesses out of business . 
If you think social programs include facebook , Myspace and Twitter - you might be a tea bagger . 
if you think spell check is a test to see if you are a witch , You might be a tea bagger . 
Capitalization can be important . consider the following two phrases\ 
helping his uncle < PROPFIRST > off his horse \ 
I'm just sayin . 
If you spend your social Security check for a trip to DC to protest social spending - you might be a tea bagger . 
Given the condition of those who use them , shouldn't beer bottles really be shaped differently ? I don't know something a little less tippy perhaps . 
The great political paradox is this . Doing the things required to get elected for paid political office often proves you to be just the type of scoundrel who should not hold such office . 
Have you ever reached into the pocket of a pair of pants you have not worn in a while and found a dollar ? I need to do that but have it be a thousand dollar < PROPMALE > . 
is as old now as he has ever been 
Just watched Boondock Saints again . Had not seen it in some time . Easily one of my favorite movies . 
Ran a chain saw today for the first time in a long time . Forgot how damn fun that is . 
The good news is the high temperature tommorow is expected to be double the low . the bad news is the Low is 1 degree . 
Actual error when I tried to open my mail this morning . \ 
“Cannot start Microsoft Outlook . Cannot open the Outlook window\ \ 
Is it just me or does 3 AM shopping sound like something a judge with a good sense of humor would sentence you to instead of something you would ever do otherwise . 
I have discovered that I might have more power than I thought . Each time I shovel the driveway the snow starts again . Are you listening resort formerly known as Big Mountain ? My shoveling skills can be bought . 
Republican compromise at it's core No Republican will vote on any legislation unless it what we want first . Then when we do vote on your legislation we will vote against you anyway . Pathetic really 
was in a fairly bad auto accident but the doc says I will live . my beloved 
Was in a fairly significant auto accident today . Doc says I am ok but my beloved Passatt was not as lucky . 
I cant see as well since the accident is that normal ? 
Hows this for a t-shirt saying for my kids for Christmas . My parents gave billions to Banks and cars companies and all i got was this lousy economy . 
I had zero < PROPFEMALE > to even look at wiki leaks , until now . Censorship should begin and end at the end of the arm . 
Seriously I just saw a commercial for a product called colon flow . Now I remember why i don't watch much TV . 
I'm standing in solidarity with jobless workers today . Join me : http://bit.ly/frccBz 
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set , then there'd be peace . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Lennon 
It appears i now need to look for a new ( used ) car . I am not having great luck finding the right Volkswagen so I will try to open my mind to other cars . i would love to hear suggestions on cars to look at . One thing , the rental they gave me is an Impala and it has reminded me why I haven't bought American engineered products in a while . 
remember this bit of pirate wisdom . treasure , buried buys no rum . 
More wisdom from pirates \ 
It is when pirates count their booty that they become mere thieves . 
Found what looks like a good deal on a 2006 nissan < PROPFEMALE > . Anyone with any experience with that ? Opinions of car would be appreciated . 
vacuums are interesting because the good ones suck and when they are bad they suck too . 
Oooooy I forgot how much I hate car shopping . I mean driving the different cars is fun but the games the dealer play are still as bad as ever , worse even because they are more desperate since no one is buying . Do they think no one else has the internet and can look up actual values of the cars ? 
Just about to drive to Spokane to get our youngest . He is flying in from Philidelphia today for Christmas break . Roads look icy but nothing this old Montanan has not seen before . 
A political ad from Anaconda and a police blotter item from the Flathead Beacon both made < PROPFIRST > Letterman small town news tonight . 
thinks that Grand Funk's I'm your caption should never be played again anywhere , ever . 
thinks e-books will take all the excitement out of a book burning . 
I can understand not liking all parts of the health care < PROPMALE > , but Cantor and the wrecking crew we the people sent to Washington prefers insurance companies decide who gets coverage and who gets dropped . He is an asshole yes but , I don't think he goes far enough . i think insurance should be made illegal . When everyone goes a year or two without coverage then we will see real positive change . 
finds it strange that many vacuums have a headlight yet are used almost never in the dark , while most snow blowers - often used in the dark due to short winter days - do not ? 
Can any one tell me how H.R. 5424 is going to lower premiums by 20 percent . Is that number just made up ? I know it means your doctor can act with negligence but otherwise what does it do ? \ 
Of course what is missed ehre is that 20 percent off of 800 a month is still n ot affordable 
There is something seriously wrong in Arizona . Something in the water that makes people believe hatred and violence is okay . This reminds me again why I never want to go there . 
Two days ago , even one , < PROPMALE > Loughne would have been considered perfectly normal , most likley even denied benifits for any mental ilnesses . Toady he is \just a deranged individual\ " which is it . " 
Thinks it is not a non stop music marathon or x minutes of music non stop when the DJ keeps interrupting the music to tell me it is . 
Congress wants a Plexiglas wall protecting them . Horseshit !! if they are afraid of nuts with guns do something to keep them from getting them . 
Finally bought a car , a 2004 Honda Civic Hybrid 
Strike one Honda . Seriously , 130 bucks for a key ! Not the remote to unlock just the chipped ignition key along with chip programming and cutting . At least the Volkswagen has cool switchblade keys . 
From < PROPFIRST>'s book of Life's Annoyances #38 - Why cant credit card machines ask the credit or debit question first , rather than make me press cancel on the pin number screen and then ask me which it is . It's stupid and seem to be nothing but lazy software people . 
From < PROPFIRST>'s book of Life's Annoyances #4 Advertisers seem to think that by having commercials at double the volume of whatever else , we are more likely to buy whatever crap they they are hawking . Seems to be worse for crap no one really needs like slap chop . Of course they don't realize that this only makes it more likely a person will reach for the mute button , hence not hearing anything they have to say . 
Installed a Bullshit filter on my TV . I turned on cspan and it went in and out like a bad cell phone call ., so I am not really sure it works right . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > . 
Who the Hell is Hanes and why do I have his socks ? Anyway if anyone knows him tell him to call and claim them , many have holes anyway . 
I asked my wife when it was supposed to warm up . \June\ " she said . She is probably right . " 
Okay people a couple rules that I would think were common sense . \ 
1 ) When in a crowded bar with a band playing , talking on the phone may be difficult , do not stare daggers at someone near you for yelling at the band . Go outside ! \ 
2 ) When in the same crowded bar , the dance floor is packed and the band is playing decidedly non-country do not jitterbug . Drunkenness is not excuse , you are just being rude . 
Thinking of forming the Never Seen a Superbowl club !. \ 
\ 
Am I the only living male of the human species who not only does not care who wins the Superbowl , but has also never actually watched a super bowl game ? could be . This an almost getting thrown out of a < PROPMALE > Burns town Hall meeting are just two of my many accomplishments I am proud of . 
Quick everyone , favorite KISS Lyric . 
Okay everyone favorite band or musician you have ever seen live . \ 
Mine is tough but I think Rush wins out or maybe Aerosmith . 
I believe we should learn something new every day . Today i begin to learn Python . Probably won't get it all today . 
All right ladies I have to know . What is so important that you cant go a couple hours without and need to < PROPFEMALE > around in a purse that big ? I mean come on you could < PROPFEMALE > a couple cinder blocks in there . Seriously what ? 
Things I must say about the Montana Legs < PROPMALE > to overturn the voter approved initiative allowing medical marijuana . \ 
1 ) Republicans are assuming voters were duped , which is Republican speak for too stupid to vote the way THEY want . \ 
2 ) Why did they call a witness from some anti Narcotic group . Marijuana is not listed on ANY of the lists of Narcotics I can find . \ 
3 ) How big is the stick in Milburns ass ? 
Ah yes capitalism - Wherein the same flowers that I buy for wife a couple of times a month cost double because it is Valentines Day . 
Am I the only one who can see that if HB438 ( require marriage counselling for divorce ) becomes law , people who want a divorce will simply lie and claim that they were abused in order to avoid the counselling requirement ? \ 
Probably most especially among poor people who may not have the scratch to pay for 10 hours counselling . 
If you don't think the attack on unions and the < PROPFEMALE > to get rid of unions affects you , you are wrong . This is a merely the first step . Corporations hate the idea of anyone having a say in what they pay employees . the next step is to get rid of any minimum wage . 
Today I shall < PROPFEMALE > on as though theirs snow tomorrow . 
If there were justice in the world Governor < PROPMALE > would lose all his money to bank crashes , Maddof scams and medical bills then live a long life from that point in a state run facility having his diapers changed by the same people who's rights he crapped on in an effort to help the poor Koch brothers . 
Was thinking of starting a support group for people who have to many meetings . Meetings anonymous if you will . Then it hit me , that would involve meetings . I would be having meetings to try to get over an addiction to meetings . You see the problem ? 
Is it still possible to get a < PROPMALE > introduced in Montana ? Can someone < PROPFEMALE > a < PROPMALE > that says < PROPMALE > Skees can not say he is from Whitefish . 
Due to the cold I am having trouble getting my feces in one congealed mass this morning . 
Yes it is Monday ! Oh Well at least the weather is better . Not that I can tell when I am stuck in my underground Lair . 
Look I am all for the rights of the worker and unions and all , but < PROPMALE > Sheens bosses should kick him to the curb . 
Thinking of declaring my corporation a person see if i can get it a SSN etc ... Oh and a passport in case It wants to leave the country . Supreme court says it is okay lets see if the SS administration has the memo . 
what is one question that you will be asking of candidates as elections get going ? \ 
I will be asking Republicans \why do you hate workers so much ? \ " \ 
As I drive over a bridge I comment that I feel safe knowing that the union people who built it were skilled craftsman and were being paid a wage that they could support a family on . The right winger in the passenger seat comments that we could have saved money had it been a few feet shorter . Yes perhaps we could have . 
wonder how many people read my status .. You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think :) 
I almost had the whole juggling thing down . First one , then finally , slowly I added a second . Was working too , like eight times . then oops dropped em both . Probably should have used something to learn juggling besides the good < PROPFEMALE > . 
Question of the day . Is it advisable or even possible to drink Chai Tea while I am doing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? 
where I am eating lunch , the NW MT Patriots are meeting behind a closed door . Tempted to go sit in but might lose the lunch I am about to eat . 
Burning Freakonomics 2 the audio book to CD for my upcoming road trip . Hope it is as good as the first ! 
I can't make this up - I found the following on Boehners wall . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Twobyfour\ 
comrade obama , voodoo induced earthquake/tsunami , now has caused a second explosion at the japanese nuclear plant .... this bag of filth is stopping at nothing to end humanity as we know it ..... obama is a joke and must be impeached 
Questions of the night . Can any Subaru not go faster than 60 or is it the drivers ? 
Gluais faicil < PROPFEMALE > ach < PROPFEMALE > cupan làn . 
“If the Gulf oil spill proved anything , it’s that oil is not a fossil fuel — it’s a naturally reoccurring process . ”\ 
< PROPMALE > Skees - Whitefish Pilot December 22 2010 . 
I'm takin bets on how long the non-war with Libya lasts . 
I want to be part of a tv show that makes ordinary people live as millionaires for a week . Maybe I can then understand how bad they have it . 
Love it - the following headline just appeared on the yahoo < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
< PROPMALE > Green firm considering offer for BJ's 
I cant remember . is it better to remember that you forgot or forget if you remembered . 
There are things we do well , things we know we can't do and therefore do not , and things we do not do well but do anyway . For me three of these are , in order , computer repair , brain surgery and dry walling . It is almost always the third that cause us the most troubles . 
Okay - i am putting this question up for my right wing friends- Please explain how removing collective bargaining rights will save money and create jobs . \ 
Yes i am being serious , and please use logic not talking points . 
Okay suppose Obama was born elsewhere and this is all a big conspiracy , does it occur to anyone else a little ridiculous to assume the people who put the conspiracy together would NOT have a forged and completely convincing birth certificate made . Or are we to assume they thought of everything including newspaper announcements and forgot that a birth certificate might be needed . 
Wait a minute I thought that questioning the commander in chief during war time means you don't support the troops . which is it . 
interesting - Liked < PROPFIRST > Stapletons for Governor's < PROPFEMALE > mainly so I could ask him a question . I asked , but the question was quickly deleted and I can not post there any more . It wasn't even a hard left question , just wanted som more details on his job creation plans . This seems to be how most of he righties operate . 
