What are you guys talking about ? Today isn't my birthday ! :( 

I now have a subsection on my bookmark bar in Chrome labeled \Hawaii \"." 
When we invent shoes that help you levitate , how will the scoring of dance competitions change ? 
Just sayin ' , playing Starcraft 2 makes your motorcycle , mobile phone and laptops shrink . Girls don't like shrunken motorcycles , miniature mobile phones or micronized laptops . Just sayin ' . 
I'd like to announce the newest member of our family . :D Newborn from a box , it's a Roomba 540 . We named him Dirt-Eee . It works well . :D 
I joined Netflix . They have things I can't pirate and it seems to make interesting decisions about what I want to watch . I'm going to keep a close eye on this < PROPFEMALE > . It could rebel and start offering Rambo or Veggie Tales . 
Building new computers tonight . Three of them . We suffered grievous injuries on the first one . 
So - we rallied . I got to see Cat Stevens and Ozzy Osbourne live , singing about trains . 
GO VOTE :( 
That said , < PROPFIRST > and I are drinking the other half of the bottle of Erath pinot noir that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > left here so it doesn't go to waste . ^ , ~ 
I made a 27 pound turkey last night . Brined it for 2.5 days . Cooked it for 2.5 hours . It turns out that it has a much larger breast that I anticipated , so we had to cook it for an extra hour . Live and learn . Live -and- learn . That said , it was the best turkey I've ever had . Brining is the way of the world . 
My favorite vodka crafter , Pinnacle , creator of very fine , French cooking vodka , has created a whipped cream flavored vodka . I wonder what to do with it ... 
Finally thought of something that cats can be jealous of about humans : we can stand on one leg for an extended period of time . 
My year is now ruined . It's snowing . :( 
Just finished a 16 hour work day . I feel tired about the world , and really could go for a cold gin and tonic with a twist of lime and perhaps a cookie and a nice warm lap cat . 
I just wanted to share that I have 18.3 gb of Muppet Babies , seasons 1-7 , every known episode . <3 
So ... litter of kittens .... < PROPFEMALE > litter .... cats and litter have a lot of meanings . Pondering this could become confusing . \Pick of the litter\ " to ye this fine mornin ' . " 
It's snowing again . 2011 is ruined , too . :( 
The basic precept of humanity at large , beyond our instinctive will to persevere , is to be kind to one another . Not only does nearly every organized religion preach that at one level or another , but every great secular philosophy and concept of government espouse it . Just be kind , be truthful and be aware . How much is that asking ? 
< PROPFIRST > Bird singalong at noon . 
Okay , so , they say ( THEY SAY IT ) that half of marriages end in divorce . That means the other half end in DEATH . 
Today is grocery shopping day . Name one of your favorite foods . 
Alright . Let's see . Eliminating federal funding for abortions means more poor people having babies . More poor people with babies means more welfare for poor parents . This makes no sense . 
