Hard to believe another year passed and a new one has begun . I hope that this one is better and brings prosperity to us all . 

Perche Io Dico !!! :-P 
You know what sucks , working on the weekends . It's murder on your social life . :-/ 
Barbeque steak pizza , mmmmmmm yum 
Qoute of the Day : \The wind from one door closing opens another . \"" 
Quote of the Day : \Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools . \ " < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
Qoute of the Day : \Politics have no relation to morals . \ " Nicolo Machiavelli " 
Qoute of the Day : \Hell hath no furry like a woman scorned . \"" 
I finally put a picture up after this long of being on this site , lol . Wow 
Funny Quote of the Day : \Marines -- Providing Enemies Of < PROPFEMALE > An Opportunity To Die For their Country Since 1775 . \"" 
Wanted to say to everybody Happy Halloween ! Have fun and be safe :-P 
Alright all I hope you guys have a fun , safe , and Happy Thanksgiving . Try not to pig out to much :-P 
Happy New Year Everybody ! Hopefully this one is better than the last . 
Another day , another dollar and a half ........ 
Can't wait to go shooting again . We found a sick campsite and I can't wait to cover the ground in brass again . So much fun :-) 
Whats on my mind ? Too much to write about ! 
GOD Bless our Military , You guys are doing a great job out there . And I think I speak for everyone in saying Thank You . 
33 more days and counting till the shooting trip . Too long to wait I say . 
Go shooting in less than 23 days . Getting closer . 
Another fun day get off at 6:30 this morning , go home go straight to bed , get up to be to work by 2:00 PM . Get off at 9:00 PM , to go home change for work and be in at 10:00 tonight only to get off at 6:30 tomorrow morning to start it all over again . :-S 
Go Padres ! 16-2 over the Atlanta Braves yesterday . Right on boys lets keep it up :-) 
Padres lost 6-1 Wednesday night . What a turn around . Win by 15 points one day and get your arse kicked by 5 the next . Getting to be a rough start to the season . Things are still looking up though . Let's go Padres ! 
You know what the problem is with Politicians ? They're not afraid of the people like they should be anymore . They keep messing with the middle class like they are and they will be . 
Sorry guys just checked my Facebook , Thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday . I had a great time with my friends and family . Unfortunately didn't get to party it up as my birthday was on a Sunday and had to be to work at 3:30 in the AM , but thats what this weekend is for . Thanks again all . 
Shooting trip in 2 days , Extremely stoked XD 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Uhlmer . Just learned of his passing today . Sorry to hear it . 
So the shooting trip was AWESOME ! Loved it . Great release and a a great time with my closest friends . Couldn't have asked for more . There is only one problem now ... It's only been two weeks and I already want to go again , lol . 
I just love people that give you dirty looks when you say hello , or you hold the door open for them , or you do anything nice for them just to be a good person , and they look at you like you're the scum of society . Really touches my heart to know that people appreciate the nice things you do for them . Sometimes I don't even know why I bother . I get sick and tired of being people's door mat ! 
GO PADRES !! 
Restoration takes a long time :-/ 
\Politics have no relation to morals . \ " \ 
Lovin life at the moment 
Money talks , mine always says goodbye 
Let one of my good friends down today . I feel like a worthless piece of slime right now . And I should , the point of having best friends is to be there for them regardless , through thick and thin , no matter what . Once you fail that what kind of a friend are you ? Not a very good one . Sorry < PROPFIRST > . 
Chelne Nightingale for Governor ! 
Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber . ~ Plato 
Take our politicians : they're a bunch of yo-yos . The presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest and a high school debate , with an encyclopedia of cliches the first prize . ~ Saul Bellow 
Go U.S. lets kick some Slovanian arse ! 
I have enough money to by my first tire for my M-37 , really excited , I'm that much closer to getting this thing up and running . So stoked 
What a beautiful day . The suns out , not a cloud in the sky , a day to bail on work and be down at the beach with your friends . 
Took two of my M-37's tires in to be replaced only to find out that the company that makes them went out of buisness three months ago , -_- 
I want to go on record and say that the Lakers did a great job of acting last night to pick up the two fouls that put them ahead and ultimately let them win against the Celtics . That was the Celtics game all the way . 
Got my rims for the M-37 back today ! Very excited , the rust damage wasn't all that bad on it . They look sweet . Hope to post some pictures for you guys . Probably go get the hood tomorrow , and then its back to sanding and painting . 
Independence day is coming up ! Can't wait . 
Alight people uploaded newer photos of the M-37 . Enjoy 
The Fourth of July is only a few days away . Can't wait ! 
The Fourth of July weekend starts today . Man I can already smell the bbq ribs , steak , garlic bread , beans , Ahh my mouth is watering ! 
It's here , HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY FOLKS ! \Up the Rebels ! Down the British ! \ " Been waiting all year to say that . " 
I want to take a bit of a poll just fo research reasons . How many people here think that politicians are liars , cheats , and all around backstabbers who tell people what they want to hear and then when they get voted into office just do what they want ? Just give me a yay or nay . Thanks in advance for participating . 
I'm back from visiting my grandparents . Had a fun time . Good to see them . :-) 
Added more pictures of the truck everybody ! Looks good . 
I might be mistaken and correct me if I'm wrong but I thought that the United States National Language was ENGLISH ! But apparently it's not . We speek spanish , arabic , chinese , japanese , french , anything but our own language . 
Signed up fo my classes today for college , and I got what I needed ....... so stoked , was worried that I was going to have to take junk classes , Yes off to school Aug . 23rd . Back to having no life and going crazy over finals , got to love school :-P 
Signing up for fast pitch baseball , can't wait . 
I don't know if you guys have been paying attention to the news lately but in NY there has been plans to build a mosque near Ground Zero , and I want to inform you all that democracy has won and they just got the go ahead to build it . This is an outrage ! I see it as disrespecting those who lost their lives in the September 11th terrorist attacks and a slap in the face to those families who lost loved ones ! 
\The Bible is the rock on which this Republic rests . \ " \ 
Came across something I liked that I saw on a friends facebookpage , want to share it-\Be the change you want to see in the world \"- Very cool . " 
What it boils down to is that this state is so damn corrupt now that they have rearanged the class structure . The article was talking about a middle class , well that doesn't exist anymore . This is the new social class structure in California , might I add soon to be in this nation as well , you have the extreme poor , the working poor and the extreme < PROPMALE > . That's what it has become in this state . 
Going to sound like a big nerd but what the hell . All those fans out there of the Total War RTS game series , Like Rome : Total War , Empire Total War , etc . Just saw the reviews for the newest Total War game they're coming out with , Remake of Shogun Total War . Looks Freaking AWESOME !!! Can't wait for 2011 ! 
God Bless our fighting men and women who die to protect what we hold so dear in the United States . And God keep all the families close to you who have lost their loved ones who died defending this country . I just want to say thank you for all of your sacrifices . 
Funny Qoute of the Day : \The problem with some people today is they don't admit their faults . I'd admit mine if I had any . \ " Unkown " 
Got back fro my cousin's wedding . Was very nice and I had a lot of fun . I wish them the very best on their journey together . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . Now it's back to work , back to school , and back to the same daily grind . :-/ 
It's Hot outside and I don't like it ! But not really anything I can do about it so why complain . What a beautiful day :-) 
Found out that I'm going to have to remove my master cylinder and replace it . Brakes are going to get an overhaul :-D 
Everybody has best friends , but some of us are lucky that we have such a good best friend that they are not really a friend at all . They are a brother or sister and part of your family . 
Life is what you make it , so make it good ... 
Pastor has cancelled the Quran burning ! Thats good news I think for all of us . Glad he made the right choice and cancelled it . 
I know that this is early but I just want to say GOD Bless all those families who lost their loved ones in the September 11th attacks . Please GOD keep them close to you and help them with their loss and pain . < PROPFEMALE > will never forget the fallen and we keep the families and their missed loved ones in our thoughts and prayers . 
IN CONGRESS , JULY 4 , 1776 The unanimous Declaration of the Thirteen United States of America : When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth , the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them ,... 
The Recession is over ! Well actually everybody according to the economists it was over in June of 2009 ? Kind of funny cause it sure as hell doesn't feel like it's over to me . I've now been laid off of two jobs , I'm barely making enough to survive on , and my hours are gatting cut to the brink of basically paying my gas to get to work and then home . So don't tell me that the recession is over . 
Second Amendment – Militia ( United States ) , Sovereign state , Right to keep and bear arms : A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . [ 7 ] 
The Stupid Packers man , penalties , penalties , penalties ... And how about that messed up call at the end . That should have been an offensive Pass inter . not defensive , and that touchdown where he slid in to the endzone . He was down on the 2 . Damn ! 
Oh California how much trouble we're in ! Looks like no matter who wins the state is still in sheep dip . Since its < PROPFEMALE > Whitman thats going to win , I feel sorry for you Arizona . You might as well start boycotting California because our boycott of you is only 31 days away . 
Life has two truths ; It's not easy and it's to short . 
I just want to wish the San < PROPFIRST > Giants The Best of Luck since they are going to get their clocks cleaned by the Braves . I hope the Giants tank big time and loose all four games . GO BRAVES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\MONEY TALKS ! MINE ALWAYS SAYS GOODBYE \"" 
Those who work , they get no perks . They fight to survive , and in the end are deprived . We work so hard , for what little we get . But the harder we work , the faster we sink . The more we're used , the angrier we get . Till frustrations mount , and push us over the edge . There is still one truth in this cruel , cruel world . The < PROPMALE > get < PROPMALE > er and the Poor get Poorer . There is no between . 
People do yourself a favor and vote for someone other that < PROPFEMALE > Boxer and < PROPFIRST > Brow . < PROPFIRST > Brown is a crook and Boxer has been in there to long . We need to switch things up a little . I'm not saying you should vote for any particular candidate , just vote for someone new . 
Another Day another dollar ! Thats if I was working right now anyway . 
Just got done voting and doing my duty as an American Citizen . For the rest of you who choose not to vote , or just don't care , I could go on a long speel and stand on my pulpit and preech to you about how people die for the right to vote for you and you should show respect and take intrest in the country you live in . But I won't , I'll just say shame on you . 
Congrats California for voting Boxer in for her fourth term , and I guess we didn't learn from the last time < PROPFIRST > Brown was in office huh . There goes the nail in the coffin for California . We better all move out now while we have the < PROPMALE > cause we're all screwed if we stay . The liberals triumph again . -_- 
Prop 19 , sadest thing next to Obama being elected . 
Yah just found out that the Packers released < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . I know he was injured and all but that was a stupid idea if you ask me . He may be getting old but he's still a good CB 
Had to get rid of my go-t , keptmy mustache though . Still bummed . :-( 
What's up world . How are we today ? 
So Stoaked everyboday ! Just got admitted to SDSU and start in the spring !!!! So excited ! Thank God ! 
SHOOTING TRIP ! 
I want to share a story with everybody . Yesterday at work while I was cashiering , I had a guest that was in my line . I proceeded to finish her transaction . She was kind of quiet and didn't say much , but as she was leaving I said to her have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
I wrote a poem that I would like to share with you guys . Christmas is my favorite time of year and I was really inspired when I wrote this and it hit home for me as it developed . So please leave a comment if you feel like it if you don't know worries . Hope you all enjoy it . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas All ! 
Go Green Bay !!! Took 6 turnovers from the Giants today . < PROPFIRST > Rogers is back . Beware Chicago . 
Life has an interesting system sometimes . It has a way of throwing you curveballs when you least expect it . And even sucker punching you in the gut . But even when life has you down everything manages to work out the way it's supose to . Well ... back to the drawing board ....... 
Just got one thing to say today ... GO PACKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not just the means they chose to utilize !!! Reposted from another friend's status message . Don't just like it , repost it . 
SUPERBOWEL BABY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go Green Bay . 
Hey Torre and < PROPFIRST > , great job getting that engine to fit last night . You guys are getting it done . Nice job . 
Went to Napa Auto parts to find out they don't have the drum brakes I need for my truck . Damn them ! Anyway you'll all be excited to know that I finally have a little money set aside to resume work on the M-37 , one word STOAKED ! 
SUPERBOWL CHAMPIONS !!!!!! Way to go < PROPFIRST > Rodgers and the wholePackers Team . 
Happy Single Awareness Day !... jking no Happy Valentines Day everybody and to all our couples out there .... :-) 
Throwing a shout out to my group of friends , who are more likefamily to me . Thanks guys ... :-) 
This is to our fighting men and women honoring our country with their service . May GOD bless you always and for those are being deployed to the middle east you're in our thoughts and prayers along with your families . GOD bless guys ! 
Going to the Yuma Gun Show on Friday . Stoaked ! 
Update on the M 37 , took the next two tires in . And we are that much closer to having < PROPMALE > up and running 
is stoaked about the release of Shogun 2 : Total War . 
Went to Fluxx last night with my friends , not really into the whole clubing scene but that was a pretty tight club . probably the only time I'll be able to go though cause at forty dollars a head to get in . little bit to much for me , but other wise a cool place . 
