watching the matrix trilogy 

just woke up . out for a bit later 
watching football all day , homework later ... ugh 
soccering later . yay 
nothing all day , then soccer conditioning at 6 
so bored ! doing nothing the rest of the day 
got band tomorrow 9-12 , then soccering at 6 
day 2 of band mini camp tomorrow 
that's right , 1 more win for trumpets in drill down 
the 3rd win for trumpets this week 
Tomorrow's the last day of band camp . Better end the week on a good note . 
band is over , 2 more weeks til the next one 
Session 8 of soccer conditioning tonight ... kill me . 
is doin nothin all weekend , it's gonna be great 
church at 11 , eat < PROPFEMALE>'s at noon , then to the mall 
is so bored ! I can't find anything to do . 
goin to bed ... whatever 
idlewild tomorrow , then again next saturday 
looking forward to idlewild next saturday 
just had arby's for the first time round here , it was awesome 
got work all week 
goin to the mall 
well , gotta start findin things to do since i'm gonna die from chokin on a chip in like 2 years 
Just got done watchin Pineapple Express , it's so good 
gettin ready for work at 9 . then goin to idlewild tomorrow !!! 
IDLEWILD TOMORROW !!! GONNA BE GREAT !!! 
i'm bored waiting for when we leave for idlewild 
hopefully i get to go to arby's again this sunday 
about to kill my sis 
soccer games today 
Band Camp in the morning !!! 
very bored , gonna just sit here for a while 
band camp again today 
Day 3 of band camp . 
Day 4 of band camp ... but starting at 9 . Woot ! 
trumpets = win . the rest of the band except for a few = fail 
well , worst night ever ... just went to the fair 
to church , then to eat ... hopefully arby's again 
ugh , not going to arby's . I'm goin to < PROPFEMALE>'s 
band in the morning from 9-12 
Just got done listening to the S&M album by Metallica ... it's just sooo good !!! 
Also I need some new songs to listen to , kinda gettin bored with the regulars . Anyone have any ideas 
soccer clinic ( pratice ) 
band tomorrow , 9-12 
My sister's birthday today . Happy birthday to her along with anyone else whose bday is today 
just started a surprise party for my sister that I didn't even know about ... shows how much my parents trust me 
band , then soccer later 
soccer practice- 6:15 
i'm really getting sick of everyone 
last day of band for me tomorrow 
gettin ready for the beach !!! 
OH YEAH ! At the beach , awesome 
goin to the water park by the beach today ... awesome 
SO MUCH SUNBURN !!! 
woot , done with my first book . on the 4th ch . of to kill a mockingbird 
Goin to the beach most of the day 
well it has begun to rain , no beach for me 
Doin whatever at the beach today ... hopefully 
Goin to the beach ALL DAY !!! 
Have to leave the beach tomorrow , vacation's over 
coming back to good old uniontown ... ugh 
home at last 
well , one week left . I still gotta read one of my summer reading books , gotta do my chem packet , and go school shopping . All this while having soccer tryouts all week 
got soccer REAL EARLY . Don't know if i'll make it 
send me horses and goats !! 
soccer ... again 
soccer again tomorrow 
soccer 
soccer in the am , band at 2:45 , then soccer in the pm 
no more soccer this week !! 
band 
no soccer at 6 in the morning ... finally 
so late and i gotta get up so early 
school 
my classes are so awesome 
Life's too short to hold a grudge ... hah , who am i kidding 
time for homework , the best time of the day 
school pictures . Hooray ! 
got another fun-filled weekend ahead 
just watched the metallica concert on dvd . Awesome 
Believe those who are seeking the truth . Doubt those who find it . 
going to church , nothing all day 
\The capacity to learn is a gift ; The ability to learn is a skill ; The WILLINGNESS to learn is a choice . \"" 
soccer game 
Change is inevitable - except from a vending machine . ~ Robert C . Gallagher 
See everything ; overlook a great deal ; correct a little . ~ Pope < PROPFIRST > XXIII 
A painter paints pictures on canvas . But musicians paint their pictures on silence . ~ Leopold Stokowski 
school tomorrow . No waking up at noon 
just having one of those nights where every little small thing goes wrong “We have just enough religion to make us hate , but not enough to make us love one another . ” 
i officially quit farmville ... too much competition !!! 
“The love that lasts the longest is the love that is never returned . ” 
\Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live . ” " 
Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep . 
school , band , soccer , homework . Gonna be fun 
Soccer game ! 
When love is not madness , it is not love . ~ Pedro Calderon de la Barca 
think I'm getting sick . This weekend's gonna suck 
really tired from last night's soccer game . Band tonight !! 
lh band 2-0 
facebook is completely failing right now . Nothing seems to want to work 
gotta get up early for work , then church 
got so much homework to do 
guess i better study for my test that's first period ... or i could not . Hmm tryin to choose 
outlining = no fun 
< PROPFEMALE > for a man is like brakes for a car 
marching band practice at 2:45 , then soccer game right after 
Why make fun of someone behind their back ... you could do it right in front of their face 
myspace is a failure 
Why is everyone in such a bad mood today ?! 
tacos are so amazing ! 
My computer is failing so hardcore right now 
Band tonight , who knows afterward . Band tomorrow , who knows afterward . No band Sunday , who knows at all 
So bored , eating , waiting for something to do 
Really tired and I can't fall asleep . Band festival later 
Just got subway , watching football , then homework later 
so bored , can't wait for hockey season to start up 
m&m's are the best 
“You must not fight too often with one enemy , or you will teach him all your < PROPMALE > of war . ” 
what is this multimedia message thing and why won't it work 
lotta homework AND soccer 
school , band auditions , band practice , then soccer ... tomorrow will be fun 
very bored , can't listen to my ipod . Left my headphones at my bro's place 
homework , homework , and more homework 
soccer then possibly the girls game 
pizza , haircut , then homework ... what a day today will be :) 
chem homework , then whatever comes along 
yay for band in the rain !! 
ugh , pretty bad day 
is having a great day ... first one in a while 
nothing all night so i'm gonna go < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > 
6 DAYS !!! 
just got done watching footloose for the first time ever , now switchin back and forth between the pens and independence day 
is having a great day . Game against AG later 
school , band , soccer . The usual 
“Make me immortal with a kiss . ” 
practice is cancelled . now i gotta find something to do for another hour 
“When I see you smile and know that it is not for me , that is when I will miss you the most . ” 
anyone know if miller's outlines are do tomorrow and when the other outline quiz is ? 
going to bed early . night all 
not going to the dance ... screw it 
just officially got up , but i have nothing all day so there is no point 
going to bed . night 
i have to miss church again cuz my sister has basketball . Like the 3rd week now . whatever , just sitting around 
just hanging out , gonna try to do my english homework but it won't get done til tomorrow at lunch . What a great day 
What's the highest lvl you can get to in mafia wars ?! 
needs something to do 
taking a shower , then off to band 
Bahahaha ! Had such a good time at band today ! 
Stuffed from pizza hut . Going to bed in a bit 
most likely the last game tonight ... gonna be sad 
just got back from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s this is it . it was pretty amazing 
I no longer have a sore throat , but now I have an ear ache ... wtf ! 
just got back from my brother's place . We were playing NHL10 , halo , and others for like 4 hours . Always so awesome over there 
really tired for some reason . Going to bed 
doing nothing the rest of the day ... and loving it ! 
goodnight 
bus ride home was hilarious . taking a nap then back up to school for band 
really mad that I can't go to the game tonight , but whatever . Sitting around until the soccer banquet 
had to miss the powderpuff game and the pens game so i'm kinda angry . the awesome thing is that i have to get up early tomorrow for a parade . yes !!! 
just hanging out all day , boo for homework 
just watched glee for the first time to see what it's like . It's actually pretty good 
sooo glad today was a half day 
wow , the pens lost AGAIN ! Going to bed . TGIF 
the first friday without a football game to be at . What to do ?! 
well , no work for me today . i'm not complaining 
just got back from being at my brother's place for 2 days . pretty awesome time . we just played nhl10 and modern warfare 2 the whole time . doesn't get much better . (: 
You are so beautiful to look upon . I can see the light in your smile . 
well , smashed my arm of the chair 6th period , and then almost died by tripping like an idiot 8th . Other than that I'm great ! :D 
so much homework tonight , first time in forever . Going to play football in a little bit . 
stuck doing homework and can't go out and play . ): 
hahahaha 
going to visit my grandpa and having an early thanksgiving dinner to celebrate 
jazz band later at light up night . come watch 
awesome night 
nothing all day . sounds good to me 
having tacos and watching the negotiator . 
going to bed , real tired . gotta get up somewhat early 
soccer tournament later . wish us luck 
just checked my email for the first time in about a year . ya , i had 2415 new messages , all from facebook . epic 
Days D , E , and F , I HATE YOU ! 
2 more days ... ugh 
Is it just me or does it seem like the shortened weeks are longer than the full weeks ?! 
Now , time to enjoy the almost full week off ! 
< PROPFIRST > Brooks : Monster Slayer is one of the best movies ever . Going to bed in such a good mood . 
Just woke up . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Oh wait , they're closed . Going out in a bit 
uploading 3 cds of trans-siberian orchestra 
i need more pizza . going to bed 
Wow , you're a joke ! 
back over to my brother's to get some more gaming in . 
headache with an unknown cause . Could be from sleep deprivation , hunger , homework , tackling someone earlier and hitting my head ,... 
no homework for me tonight , fools ! 
night . :) 
ugh , worst day ever 
much better day 
just got done watching V for Vendetta , which was awesome . Uploading some albums including Straight No Chaser , which is also awesome . Then heading to bed , which , as you guessed , is awesome 
laying down for a bit , possibly out later for snow removal ... fun ! :/ 
snow removal was miserable , going to church 
this weekend went too fast 
fml 
Can't seem to figure out how to start this english essay . fml 
i have a new liking for the < PROPMALE > Springsteen band . But i guess when my dad watches the concert on < PROPMALE > volume , i HAVE to like them 
wished my anger didn't get the best of me 
music for a bit , then to bed 
the steelers are terrible ! 
so bored , nothing all day . 
can't sleep , watching tv for a bit 
the pens won AND there's leftover pizza . SO AWESOME ! :D 
i ate too much today , not feeling good . going to bed 
ugh ... what to do , what to do 
reality just hit me like a stone wall 
girls game later ? or middle school concert ? or neither ? 
not feeling it today 
spending the night at < PROPMALE>'s 
worst weekend ever 
half day ! 
finally done christmas shopping 
spending the night at richs 
does not feel like christmas is tomorrow 
just spent the weekend at my brothers . football today 
just got done playing . bed soon 
i gotta stop waking up this late 
Put off all my homework til the last day ... as usual :/ 
acting ... uh , impulsively 
wrong turn 
spending the night at < PROPMALE>'s , doing whatever 
soccer tournament in a bit , wish us luck 
xbox for a bit , tv , homework later . another great day 
getting ready for dinner at Meloni's 
soccer tournament 
Had fingers in my eyes , had needles in my veins A knife right through my heart , I am a Victory 
2nd trumpet , 1st chair ! 
missing the bus and walking home = terrible time 
applebee's , then out driving 
darkness imprisoning me all that I see absolute horror 
out all last night , sleep sounds good right about now 
at the hospital all day 
feelin sick 
feeling so sick . nausea , upset stomach , chills 
we better not have school tomorrow 
i've been wondering lately ... is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > a < PROPFEMALE > ? 
\It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves . \ " -- Sir < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > " 
\The reason people blame things on previous generations is that there's only one other choice . \ " -- < PROPMALE > Larson " 
So awesome ! 
going to sleep , soccer tourn in the morning 
nothing ... as usual 
funny people , then ice age . So bored 
Man ! I hate MD2 
church , then out to lunch 
playing some basketball in a bit , then no homework later 
hates all this mud 
out driving , then over to my brother's for the night 
musical 
tv and some music for a bit , then bed 
just found out I'm flying to chicago this saturday \just to go\ " as my dad puts it . sounds fun " 
bed , up at 3 to leave for chicago . 
Today , I saw the sunset from above the clouds while riding on my first plane ride . Pretty amazing . 
It is so nice out today 
Tomorrow is going to SUCK ! This weekend can't come quick enough 
just hangin out tonight , but this weekend should be amazing 
going to the store for a new game , then probably playing that game , then who knows 
Ewww ! Soccer at 6 . Kill me now . 
it's nice to know that on such a nice day as today i get to stay inside and write this stupid job shadowing paper 
Visiting my cousins in Ohio for Easter . Should be ... interesting 
soccer at 6 , homework later 
Sleeping for ... forever ! 
freakin sweet ! no practice , I'm going back to bed 
getting ready for soccer , game at 1 
really tired . Homework and pens game later 
hanging out at < PROPFIRST>'s 
soooo crazyy ! 
... and again the rage consumes all that I am 
Horse crap ! Attila the Hun is NOT better than < PROPFIRST > the Great ! 
much better day at school 
homework is terrible ! 
soccer game , then band banquet 
Ewww !! Someone's sickening ! 
going to my sister's softball game cuz i am soooo bored 
It's nice to come home to find everyone PISSED OFF ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > gang beats < PROPMALE > capone gang 
haircut , then shopping for pants , then back for some basketball 
church , lunch , game at 3 , ton of homework later 
Zande warriors defeat Aztec jaquars 
NO PRACTICE !! 
A Seperate Piece sucks ! 
i now officially disown my mother 
stupid chem lab ... 
soccer game later , then finishing my chem report 
hanging out with < PROPMALE > all day doing nothing 
apparently doing nothing tonight 
going over my brother's once he gets off work 
just got in trouble cuz my sister hit me in the face ? 
WTF ! It's only Tuesday ! 
nightmare before christmas 
the occasional dulling of senses 
soccer practice 
very uneventful weekend ahead 
out working for a little bit 
watching some movies , then studying for finals later 
going to chinese , then hanging out 
going to ihop for lunch , then working the rest of the day 
As I climb onto your back , I will promise not to sting\ 
I will tell you what you want to hear and not mean anything\ 
Then I treat you like a dog as I shoot my venom in\ 
You pretend you didn't know that I am a scorpion 
This is Halloween , this is Halloween . Pumpkins scream in the dead of night . 
predators looks awesome 
band til 1 
SO PUMPED ! 
band camp is finally over , out to keno's after 
no work for me today :) 
Watching the uninvited . Work in the morning 
soccer conditioning tonight . summer gym tomorrow . I might die 
is about to be the first one in our new pool 
So ... many ... blisters ! 
swimming 
having the worst day 
Such a sad day 
completely drained 
watching white chicks 
Nvm watching the new clash of the titans 
feeling so sick . I need a nap 
\The mold of a man's fortune is in his own hands\ " \ 
ortho appointment in the morning , then band 
oh my god , practice is cancelled . I can't put my excitement into words right now ! 
haircut , swimming , packing , then out of here tomorrow morning 
The beach is amazing ! 
Going down to the boardwalk to waste some money on crappy games 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > gawd ! 
I'm so happy to be leaving the beach and heading back to uniontown . Oh wait , no I'm not 
finally home 
band in a bit , soccer later 
Going swimming 
i need to get done with my summer work ! 
shower and bed 
finally finished psych , watching the office 
will be up all night with this history colony assignment 
all the history outlining , read a whole book , and finish up parts of the colony assignment . I may be screwed 
The end is upon us . 
shower , homework , then killing myself 
i think someone should write my english paper 
just got back from subway with < PROPMALE > , now up to the highschool for band 
church 
planned on doing my english but it's not gonna happen 
another glorious victory for lh varsity boys soccer 
Sooo , just broke my xbox controller ... you gotta love modern warfare 2 ! 
diabetes walk and band festival later 
Wild wild west !! 
time to start the weekend homework 
xbox for a bit ... or until I break my last controller 
church at 11 , out to lunch after 
Do I fight or let it die ? 
Hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia - fear of the number 666 
Cell phone blabbers beware ! 
I hate everyone ... except < PROPFIRST > Defazio 
glad i got to freeze and get no play time 
church , lunch , then tons of homework later 
Heading to church , out to eat after , then to my brother's 
Tough day ahead 
New phone : 724-880-9229 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
I like men . 
No , I do not ! 
I love men . 
Just had an all out < PROPFEMALE > war with my sister 
Penns game ! 
Is not drum < PROPMALE > 
I hate black ops ! 
I would much rather eat shards of broken glass than play the new cod 
Probably shouldn't have waited to start my outlining 
I lovee mennn <3 
Eating dinner ... while watching dirty jobs ... not a good idea 
watching the pacific , then sleeping forever 
Amazing game pens ! 
So bored 
Just slept for 16 hours . Oh my god 
Out having something to eat at mcdonalds 
Out to lunch 
Ugh , history outlining 
tonight should be interesting ... 
I enjoy the company of men . 
Haircut , shower , then winter concert 
Christmas shopping 
SO MUCH HOMEWORK ! 
No ... dancing ... ever ... 
Sick 
Why would you run it in the endzone ?! 
Has yet to start any chem labs ... 
Gatorade shoes , anyone ? 
There's a prison in my mind , and the bars are gonna break 
I'll start this essay now ... no , now ... I mean now ... oh whatever 
such a headache . starting this dumb essay 
Hempfield don't want this ! 
Sister's volleyball game and out 
Metallica s&m that's what's up 
In recent news , no one cares 
Today is just the worst 
So bored , don't know what's up for tonight 
Bed , up early tomorrow 
Boston beanery 5k walk 
Penns are killin it 
Up to the highschool soon for the concert 
2 hours of chem ... ridiculous 
Church , lunch , soccer tournament . Last one ! 
Hopefully my computer quits imploding soon 
Out To lunch with the family 
Dinner for schmucks 
Bagel bites and white chicks is what's up 
