Im on ur computer , eating all ur cookies 

is too busy hateing on haters to talk to u ...... 
is getting pissed at his alarm clock's blinking , but is too tired to set the right time . 
Nothing is on my mind facebook , stop asking ! 
Its too much , its just too much T-T 
is stuck in the interweb , please bring scissors and save him : 0 
Bored out of my mind . Anyone feel like talking ? 
T-T 
In case u ppl havent heard ... IM GONNA BE AN UNCLE ! GO < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
Wishing something other than < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was on the tv in hospital waiting room . Its pure torture ! How dose such an old man have such a deep voice anyway ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hart is born ladies and gentalmen . Gave everyone a scare but , ITS ALIVE ! My little brother's son is born , REGOICE ! 
Owwww , my back is killing me , i think its time for bed now . 
-Developing Story- < PROPMALE>'s ghost was alegedly sighted at Disney World today . Reports of other dead celebs have also surfaced of late . These spirits were apparently busily involved in activites such as annoncing < PROPFEMALE > landings and dancing dirty . Experts are not yet sure if these \phamous phantoms\ " are connected to the echoing of the song \ " Holy Diver\ " in the rock and roll hall of fame . " 
All in all it was a a pretty good day folks . A < PROPMALE > akward , but getting out of the house and hanging put me in an awsome mood XD 
Back hurting , friends sleeping , bored , back hurting more . 
Omg , for a minet there i was 100% conviced i had a tail ! i dont know y , but i suddenly got this weird feeling in my head and body that i had a friggen TAIL ! It feels like what i assume phantom limb syndrom dose . Really freaked out right now , almost to the point where i keep checking to see if i have sprouted a new body part ever five minets . Save Me !!!! 
Eh , tried . Really tired . Long Day . Gonna go to bed ... i think . Yah im gonna go to bed , but ill hurry before i change my mind .... or my mind changes me ... 
Wow . Devo was on the Colbert Report . Their hats are blue now ! They are promoting their new album i guess lol . 
Really bored . Just got done studying for my class . 
Writing my paper and fulling with envy for those that are out for the summer . 
Yah ... carmax used a dramatic chimpmunk reference ... really ? 
Its better to have loved and lost ... then have to live with that bitch the rest of my life ! 
thinks that anything that cant be fixed with duct tape is a lost cause . 
Anyone wanna go out to eat later or something ? Bored as all hell in here ... 
Might be going to the mall in a bit . If ya see me there i might grab ya something to eat or see a movie er something if havent spent the money yet XD 
Well , as i sit here reflecting on my past few years , ive come to realize something . Extended exsposer to my friends has led to several irational fears , such as any amount of cookies over 49 and glass bottles . However , they have since become very funny inside jokes that resurface once about every month xD 
Was looking through my room today and found the strangest thing ... a silver coin with the ten commandments engraved on it . Im not even christan O-0 .. Btw , weird coinsidence , the Bible is the most stolen book of all time ! Another realted weird thing is that the word weird is one of the only english words that dosnt follow the i before e rule . Weird right ? 
Well , night fb . Yah i cant do it ... who the fu@ ! says goodnight to a website anyway ! Either way , night to the ppl on fb . Heres to hoping u always sleep as good as the night before and ur days never get worse than their predicesors . Aim low kids ;) Ied wish ya long life to but for some of u that might be a curse . Play me off ... 
Ok , i know i said goodnight about ten minets ago , but one last thing . Ppl who cant tell the diffrence between a question and a statment bug me -_- . ex . Would u like to see a movie ? ( thats a questions ) ex . Lets see a movie ? ( thats a statement with a contextualy cofusedbquestion < PROPFIRST > at the end ! ) Thats all u need for Common Sense Lit 101 , study tests tomorrow ! 
Happy 4th ppl . To celebrate heres an imaginary gopher bomb , so frag someone elses imagination with it . 
Well everyone in here has driffted to sleep . Everyone but me that is , cant sleep . Weve had a power outage here for about 6 hours now . Its just me and the candle at this point , and he isnt much of a conversationalist . If u have my # text it , the candle is getting kinda old ... 
Cant sleep ... 
In all the s& ! t of our daily lives we forget the great lives we have lived , the things weve had the < PROPMALE > to do and the ppl weve met along the way . Ive camped for months , ive kayaked in tidal oceans , ive been to concerts , i saw momuments in D.C. , ive seen whales , i spent a day in a sawna , ive seen a month at sea , ive floated down river rapids in an inflatable bed ! Heres to the ppl who make life worth living . 
It bothers me how many ppl think they have crappy lives . A breakup with a boyfriend of 2 weeks is NOT a reason to slit wrists , if ur only problem is a curfem u should probly put down the noose , and if u havent seen ur girlfriend in 2 days pills and whisky is not ur solution . If u really think ur pitiful problems are so important the go ahead and pull the trigger so we dont have to hear ur cries for attention anymore . 
Apparently my old boy scout leader was just arrested for child pornography o-0 . Wow lol ! 
Blue Oyster Cult was beyond awsome . Epic times 2,055 + 700 to the ulitmet power . Epic solos on every innstrument . If ued seen itm ued know . They played all the songs i wanted to hear . 
Ive probly got more sonic boom in my veins right now than Godzilla has in his throught . I dont fear the reaper cause after tonight i can die happy . BOC light this city on flames with ur godly rock cause i fucking burn for you !!!!! 
Owww , headache first thing in the morning . 
I think im gonna start a crusade against certain types of ppl . Or individuals . Not sure yet . I guess that sometimes in the absence of love you just need someone to hate . 
Tomorrow is my last day of school ... Yay ! 
I think i have found a new species of insect . It can stay in the same place for hours without twiching and looks like a green leaf in color and wingspan . It also has the body of a catapillar , wings of a b-fly and kinda like a moth . I took pics of it a month/2 back cause ied never seen anything like it . Tonight i saw the same insect , but it was red this time and not green . i took pics . Opinions on what it could be ? 
If insomnia keeps pwning me I think im gonna become a night watchmen , or a bat . 
Dont look now but Geoffs got his fro stuck in the fan again ... omg he just knocked over the candle ... damn it the dinning rooms on fire ......... o holy hell the children ... THE CHILLDRENNNN !!!! Geoff what have u done !?!?! 
U , u dont undastand mam ... 
Fact : there is more church attendence and church in politics then back in the days of the founding fathers . Fact : a main contributer to Bush's reelection was an overly christian republican party called the religous right who vote soly on who has better religous values . Christian religon in the us is electing officals who are pro-war and anti-gay rights . Fight it . 
Just saw the weirdest sign placement . There was a sign that said \We accept food stamps\ " and then right under that it said \ " Adult Movies ($11 ) buy one get one free\ " xD " 
Is it just me , or does it seem that when some people touch a keyboard or phone they imediatly forgor almost everything they know about puntuation ? 
We found umpteen baby bunnies in the garden . Ones dead , ones not looking to well ... the others are friggen bouncin all over the box . 
I was just vicously attacked by an ice cube ... 
We are gonna kick the living shit out of that grass ! You know who you are . 
Finaly took my revenge on the ice cube . 
My phone is randomly likeing and unlikeing things . Stupid touchscreen . 
Pretty cool night with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , kait , < PROPMALE > , gerb and < PROPMALE > . Oh amd thanks to Chels and < PROPFIRST > ;) . Just got back , now sleep . 
A parade is one hell of an alarm clock ... 
Well ... My foots caught in the radiator so guess where Im sleeping tonight ... T-T life sucks . 
Well , after over a half hour im free from the radiator . Thanks to the two ppl who cared ... 
Damn it . Just woke up , I think im going back to sleep . Ill wake up tonight , not ready to be up yet . 
Bored ... 
Urggg . Its so friggen load here with the screaming ... Anyone wanna talk ? 
Can't sleep latly ... 
So bored lol . 
My ex is being a complet bitch . Thats ok , shes like a cheap vodka , she burns less the 2ed time . 
Guess whos in the hospital again lol . Me . Thats y < PROPMALE > beat me to it and congratz to < PROPMALE > . 
Thank God im outta there . Really freaky day , they thought I had damaged heart tissue or a puntctured lung . They had me on O2 tubes , ekg moniteringm and nitroglycerine . 
If theres a bright side to todays hospital ordeal its that Im wiped enough to go to bed at a normal time tonight . As in now . 
If people dont stop forwarding me those stupid chain texts , Ill make my own , except ill follow through with the threat ! 
So bored yet still unable to sleep . Anyone awake and talking ? 
So i took a shower and then was imediatly compelled by the ocd in my to clean that disgusting grill . So now I smell of shampoo and hamburgers . Fml 
Tonight wasnt half bad :) 
Woke up on the floor of Chelseas room and completly forgot how I got there for a second : -0 . Scary . 
fob thanks for the memories 
Might be moving to Wallingford or < PROPFIRST > in the comeing weeks . 
Well I called < PROPFEMALE > at 10 this morning and we baked < PROPMALE > a cake . During the batter makeing for the 4 teir cake wich is choclate and yellow cake i tried cleaning a mixing bowl with a wooden spoon . It did not work . We had many epic faliures makeing it , including Cheleas idea to mix coloring in a plastic bag . But we finnaly just surprised < PROPMALE > with cake . Yay . 
Watching prez confrence in a few < PROPFEMALE > . Hes ending combat operations in Iraq and bringing alot of troops home . 
I may not agree with everything he says , but it was a pretty good speech . 
So tired , already done so much today , and have so much left to do ... 
Ians a prostitute , going rate is 60 paid to ke in full ... go forz it ppl . 
Ever been so bored and sad that you feel like its raining on you inside your own house , but then you realize its just another leak in ur cealing , but then ur just as sad but suddenly not so bored anymore cause you realize that now you have something to do ? 
Woke up and thought my house was burning down . I rushed my ass downstairs only to figure out a humidifier had been running and made a bunch of steam wich I thought was smoke through my fogged glasses . How delightful . 
Do gay guys find the song \Love and Marrige\ " offensive ? " 
Nooooooooo ! I knew shed die eventualy but not this soon . She was a fighter , < PROPMALE > on dispite how old she was . Shed been haveing promblems for awhile now and I just ignored it . I didnt have a < PROPMALE > to say goodbye . MY XBOX DIED !!! The disk tray wont open and ive been haveing red rings for an hour now , its time to call it doc . I needz a grief counsler ! 
Driving for the first time since my accident today . Be careful glass walls and inocent cashiers . 
just recived an important email but there is a problem . Its written almost completly in < PROPMALE > ... he could use some translation help ... 
My family came here on the Mayflower , founded Hartford and fought for the north in the cival war so I cant help but ask ... Y am i living in this cruddy house ? Errr . 
Head hurts , long day today , longer one tomorrow . 
\Who calls eight times on a saturday morning ? \ " \ " Zakk it's Wensday ... \ " \ " Shut up i'm trying to sleep . \"" 
I just learned that < PROPMALE > used to deficate in mcdonalds playscapes and watch other kids smell it and laugh . 
Bored and tired ... 
Something weird just happened ... eh o well . 
Painting part of the house while listening to living la < PROPFEMALE > loca on the radio and SO many ppl are stareing xD 
Bored . Anyone wanna talk ? 
Another celebrity has died so Barack can live ( inside joke ) . Anyway , peace Giraldo . 
fails with directions ... 
Zakk also fails at fire safty -_- 
And pot pies ... 
Ever been driving when u feel like ur gonna pass out , then you hit a tree ? Then u realize u werent driving , u were dreaming and griping ur pillow like a wheel ? And u didnt crash , u just fell out of bed and slammed ur head on ur nightstand ? And just as u realize uve lost a little too much blood u pass out ? 
Did anything ever hurt u so bad it hit u so suddenly and powerfuly that it felt like u just got shot ? 
What about \i dont like you\ " dont you understand . Stop calling my phone . " 
I just realized that when I'm 33 my brother/sister will be 15 xD 
Just got back from the doctors . They stuck me with three needles and more to come xD . So best case is that ive got really bad anxiety , worst case is ive got a combo of diabeties and a failing heart and im as good as gone at 17 . Fingers crossed pplz ! Oh , and soon ill have a fancy new heart monitor ... Yay ! Cause everyone likes a cyborg right ? If u cant tell im in a pretty crappy mood -_- 
My hands amd feet keep going numb and it feels like there is a vice grip on my chest ... 
\Im like a baby youre like a cat . When we get happy we bolth get fat\ " xD " 
\Thats one hell of a pie \"" 
Ive had 2 hours of sleep in the past three days . Im running pretty much on empty ... coffee time ! 
Been a busy day already , school 6-9 
If i was an idiot Google maps would have just killed me . It told me that in order to get from my house to < PROPFEMALE > I should \step 25 . kayak across the pacific ocean\ " . Great advice google lol . " 
Going for my tilt table test soon . 
Tilt table test was NOT fun ... but i have a diagnosis finaly . 
Everything you do to better yourself will inevitably have a downfall . You can express yourself and be judged , or pose and feel fake . Confess you feelings and be shunned and ignored , or bottle them and hate yourself . Keep you secrets and be parinoid , or tell them and be vunerable . Only you can decide what is worth the loss . Be loved ? Or love yourself ? 
Its just wet enough outside for the air to be refreshing . 
I feel like I'm not where I'm ment to be right now . Like I should definatly be somewhere else but I don't know where . I havent changed , but something definatly isn't the same ... 
Pizza and a movie . 
Across the Universe was an awsome movie . Great night tonight , glad i stayed home . Night pplz . 
No school tonight . 
Probably heading to bed early tonight , to bored to stay up xD 
School soon . Mas in the hospital , and im bored out of my mind home alone . Great day ... 
The last thing I remebered was washing my hair , then the next thing i know im being woken from a sound sleep to cold water . Guess i accidentaly got clean and well rested at the same time ... Win ? 
\Thats the most badass rainbow Ive ever seen \"" 
Just got a hand carved wooden sculpture of a hand makeing a peace sign . 
School in an hour and a half , not in a good mood . 
Ive got an idea for a new gameshow . Pick any other gameshow(for this a example we will use survivor ) and put them in a settinging simialr to the show ( we will put our survivor winner on a deserted island ) and leave them alone . Ill call it \Now do it for real @zzho ! l \"" 
Great night tonight , lots of ppl , lots of fun . Learned how to use roller skates ... to a degree ... ill sleep well . Thanks for the fun times , love u all . 
Just got Plato's \Republic\ " and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \ " Origin of Species\ " ( a.k.a. \ " On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection \") so i'll be reading for awhile methinks . " 
Today I'm craving two things . They bolth can not be touched or held . Bolth will inevitably hurt me and someone else , but be tremendously satisfying while they last . Bolth can be good or bad , depending on the point of veiw . For what do I thirst ? 
Tired 
Would anyone mind teaching me to read sheet music ? 
I've smoked for years now . It's time to quite . No more cigarettes for me :) 
Got your back < PROPFIRST > , bitches be crazy . 
Since everyone seems to be in a crappy fucking mood tonight/this mourning let me extend these few words of my condolences . Some of you tonight have lost a significant other due to your diffrences , some have lost a friend due to an unfortunate passing , and some have lost a little bit more of their sanity due to the drama and stress and day to day life . For all of you , I'm sorry for your loss . 
Not feeling well . >~< 
Not doing so well . Its looking to be a terrible week . Texts would be cool ... 
can't find his damn tie -_- 
Tv : < PROPFIRST > Malloy has closed all state courts for the day . Me : Mabey my luck really is turning around . WOOT ! 
My back is killing me -_- 
Its ppl like you that make me glad I can take my glasses off and be blind for a little while . 
Gonna try to get some sleep now . The insomnia has been worse latly and I have this funny feeling that tomorrow isnt exactly going to be a sunshiny day ... 
Been trying to sleep for well over three hours now . If I don't fall alseep soon , i'm going to have to resort to drastic measures ... ie . baseball bat upside the head . 
So at like 7:30 this morning a woman comes to my house and asks me if I found jesus yet . Did I say : a ) Yeah hes on my couch turning water into vodka , b ) Why ? Is there a reward ? or c ) Yeah he's in my basment rocking out to \Don't stop beliving \"?" 
Well , it was a really akward mall friday , followed by a sleepless night close behind a busy saturday . How fun . 
Finaly found that damn tie xD 
Not feeling great , and honestly loving it . Ive never slept so well . Can I stay sick forever ? 
Damn you tie . I shall master you !!!!!!!!!! 
finaly has a job 
So apprently Im on the back pourch for a few hours locked out while my parents are at an auto show of some sort . Thanks for the memo < PROPFIRST > ... 
Busy day tomorrow . Set my alarm clock to the correct time for the first time in over a year . Shame that , I was so used to it's blinking . 
My first day of work is complete . Im sore everywhere . Ill do it again tomorrow and be even more sore xD 
Less than three hours to recover from work untill school . Busy day . I feel like a wrek and look like a mess but im oddly ... happy . 
Ok , if u write a serious text or update , DO NOT expect me to take u seriously if u put an emotocon right after it . Ur imaturity astounds me XD 
Gaming with my lil bro . Just like old times :) 
Ate WAY too much . Need tea to calm the stomach .... lots of tea . 
Well now , things just got interesting . 
Its been 11 months and u pick now to apologize ? Either u had an a sudden guilt attack or u want something . Either way , it spells trouble for me ... 
* I fall down the stairs * Mom : Are you ok ? Me : I think I hit my head pretty bad my vision is blurry I can't see you ! Mom : Zakk you knocked ur glasses off in the fall . Me : Ooohhhhh ... 
I have come to a great truth . This ends tonight . 
Moveing into my new apartment this sunday . In two days I will finaly be on my own :) 
is finaly on his own . Moved in and relaxing on the couch with my friend/roomate/boss < PROPMALE > . 
You would not belive the day i'm haveing ... 
My room finaly contains more than just an air matress and lamp :) 
And the countdown to 19 begins ... 
There are currently THREE Jamacins in my house !!!! 
In pain , and so tired ... o well , time to work xD 
Not being able to fall asleep is amazing .... 
Insomnia my old friend , its good to see you , its been so long . You have amazing timeing , I was just thinking about how I would love some company about now ! 
