Happy Freakin New Year !! My Son Has A Fever Of 103 !!! 

i really hope my baby boy is feeling better tomorrow !! i feel so bad for the little guy , and so helpless !! :( 
yea ... 4am and i am up with the boy ... :( 
Thank you to everyone for their concerns , < PROPMALE > has a bad upper respiratory infection . Its viral so it just has to run its course ! They did give him a breathing treatment which seemed to help a lot . 
gonna try to take a nap ... loooong night lastnight with mr. < PROPMALE > 
wondering if little man will ever start feeling better :( still fevered and hacking today 
busy busy day !! I love football Sundays !! And Mr. < PROPMALE > is 4 today ! 
O yea , I think < PROPMALE > is feeling better today ! Thank goodness , I didnt think he was ever going to get better :) 
mmmm i love < PROPMALE > and jerry's .... half baked is so freakin good 
UGH why is my son refusing to take a nap today ? 
watchin walk the line about to call it a night 
yay nap time 
i need a break from my kids .... i never have anytime for myself except for when it is time to sleep !!!!!! 
ugh back to more packing ... life is so much fun !!! 
i am so over packing .... 
back to packing .... 
whew ... about 3/4 of the way done packing ... i think im done for the day :) 
back to packing ... 
yay i have internet again 
Here goes nothing ...... If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status . You'll be surprised at what people remember about 
my husband is pissin me off tonight 
yay wimbeldon semi's!! 
i am laying down the law today with potty training !! 
enjoy the pics guys ... going to have some breakfast and go to the grocery store 
check out the summer ' 09 pics too !! 
watching a movie 
wanted roddick to win so bad ... us open is his 
gonna read some then off to bed ... had a decent 4th of july weekend 
potty training < PROPFEMALE > ... 
yay !!! my baby girl pooped in the potty yesterday !!!! she got a lollypop and a sticker for the hard work !! 
gonna try to take a nap ... 
mmm lunch time 
trying to think of a place to have my daughters 2nd birthday party ... any suggestions ? o yea it is going to be < PROPMALE > themed ! 
got the house all clean ! i hate the smell of bathroom cleaner ( it makes my nose feel like its gonna bleed ) 
took the kids to see ice age ; < PROPFEMALE > of the dinosaurs tonight .... Noah absolutely loved it , < PROPFEMALE > was just annoying ! Good movie for the family though 
what a hot and yucky rainy day here 
my daughter need to nap ... 
going to get my husband a new phone 
ugh i'm bored outta my freakin mind ..... 
15 minutes till nap time !!!! 
watching home run derby ... wanna go to bed early but that never happens :( 
today is me and the hubbies anniversary ... and he actually remembered 
wish we had some tix to the all < PROPFEMALE > game tonight 
phew ... threw dinner in the crock pot and that damn onion i cut up is still burning my eyes 
mmm whats for lunch ? 
making some chocolate chip muffins , and coffee !! 
i need a vacation ... 
going to finish dinner 
men f*ing suck !!! 
gonna try to nap some ... 
night all 
sitting by myself ... as usual 
had a great weekend !! < PROPFEMALE > went pee on the potty , went to the zoo , and grilled out !! 
O yea I got < PROPMALE > enrolled in pre-school today !! 
posted lots of new pics , check them out !! 
going to bed 
bout to meet with someone from the school to evaluate < PROPMALE > !! 
< PROPMALE > passed with flying colors ... he almost scored enough to pass as a 4 year old . :) 
kid rock is in town tonight 
just got home from the grocery ... getting the house ready for family coming into town this weekend !! 
family is on their way here ... should be here in about 2.5 hours !! 
just got home from the st. < PROPFIRST > zoo with my family ... claytons favorite part was riding in the elevator !! 
wish i could be at the race in indy tonight :( 
sittin at home watchin the race ... my hubby just got done cleaning the carpets !! he did a good job for not really knowing what he was doing . he needed to learn ! 
yay i just got signed up for school !!! I am registering for classes tomorrow !! School starts Aug 26th !!! ( thanks so much for helping me mom ) 
about to lay the kiddos down and register for classes !!! 
watchin < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
well i passed out of 3 classes !! I am enrolled and start class on the 26th of aug . 
my step-moms brother was rushed to the hospital this morning with pains and when he got to the hospital they diagnosed him with testicular cancer ... he is going in for surgery tonight at 6:30 . I hope all goes well :( 
im hungry and every night i am waiting on my husband to get home ( god knows when ) to eat . ugh why cant he ever have a job where he gets off work at the same time EVERY DAMN DAY ? 
went and kinda played tennis with the hubby tonight ! 
i need a vacation ... to the beach 
< PROPMALE > is cracking me up ... he is out of breath playing the wii 
whew just got home from taking the kiddos to breakfast and the grocery store ! 
gotta get the house all cleaned up ... all of lukes family will be here this weekend ! 
my daughter is driving me nutzzz today 
ugh the house is a mess , have alot of cleaning and laundry to do today !! had a great weekend with my husbands family ! 
i hate chore days ! 
gotta get the kids bathed and in bed ... 
computers hate me :( 
can anyone help me ?! i am trying to dl microsoft office and it keeps giving me an error saying it has \timed out\ " what am i supposed to do ? " 
ugh i hate computers !!!!! 
gonna watch a movie with the hubby tonight ... obsessed 
trying to decide what type of bed to get < PROPMALE > ( bunk , twin , or full ) 
ugh , < PROPMALE > wants me to watch jaws with him .... i'll just play on fb :) 
mmmm how i love a bowl of milk and oreo's :) 
i need a life .... 
yay my daughter went pee and poo in the potty againg today ! :) Ya know you have no life when that is the highlight of your day :) O well i am so happy for her , she is turning into such a big girl ! 
are you ready for some football ?!! 
watching the game doing some laundry 
< PROPFIRST > dungy is on nbc !! 
my dog is really sick and i have no money to take her to the vet :( 
mmm its gonna be a long day ..... 
waiting to hear from < PROPMALE>'s teacher .... 
thinking about making my little < PROPFEMALE > a dress for her birthday party 
sending out my books for class soon ! 
gettin the kiddos bathed so they can go to bed !! 
little man starts school on tues !! 
OMG MY KIDS ARE DRIVING ME PSYCHO !!!! I JUST WANNA RUN AWAY SOMETIMES !! 
noahs teacher should be here any minute ! 
is not in the best mood today .... i wanna see the colts game tonight but we dont get it .... seriously who wants to watch the rams play ? get with it st. < PROPFIRST > t.v. 
ugh i hate paying bills .... still not in the best mood :/ 
life is really hared right now .... 
mmmm i made the most delicious garlic portabella mushroom and swiss burgers for dinner tonight ... mmm i love mushrooms ! gonna watch a movie with the kiddos tonight ... noah wants me to watch cars with him ... brianna could care less :) 
saturdays suck .... 
it is so dificult to upload from my phone ... i dont get it , it works sometimes but not all the time ... ? 
20 months and counting baby ... 
my lame ass husband just let me cut our entire huge ass yard by myself with a push mower that isnt self propeled while he swept up grass like a little sissy boy .... and he wonders why i am pissed at him !! UGH MEN SUCK !!! 
just get home from < PROPMALE>'s open house a little while ago !! i think he is going to love school ! first day tomorrow ! 
a huge storm just passed and woke the kids up from their naps . they were both scared . its probably headed toward indy tonight or tomorrow . 
up bright and early to send little man off to school !! :) 
just sittin and waiting on 11:30 to go pick up little man from his first day of school ... i have tons of pics i will upload them later !! 
so i just picked < PROPMALE > up from scool and he had a good day painting and playing ... untill the school bus came for the kids whose parents cant provide transportation .... then he had a huge crying fit because he wanted to ride the school bus ... i dont know how to make him understand that i am taking him and picking him up and he cant ride the school bus . :( 
im hungry 
my daughter seems to think nap time is over and it just started !! 
mmm makin banana bread ! 
it is hard getting into this new morning routine ! 
headed to indy this weekend 
school starts in 6 days ...! 
yay colts game !!! 
whew a long day ... i got my hair chopped off and went to the fair ! fun day ... i think we are going to go see < PROPFIRST > tonight !! 
gonna go shopping , then hitting the road back to st. < PROPFIRST > :( 
back home to real life ... fun fun 
whew ... went to school with < PROPMALE > today to help out !! he loved me being there !! < PROPFEMALE > also went and she had a blast , it was neat for her to see what bubby does when he goes to school ! 
yay school starts tomorrow !! 
my husband got his hair cut and he looks like a complete stranger .... lol 
classes start today !! 
i heard the swine flu hit avon schools ... 
cookin dinner then class at 7 
< PROPMALE > is off to school and < PROPFEMALE > is being the DEVIL today 
i have to share this ... this morning while getting my son ready for school he comes to me and says \mommy u beautiful\ " how sweet is that ? " 
ugh going to read and write a paper ! fun fun 
going to start some dinner :) class at 7 ! 
yay project runway !! i love this show !! 
im sick and going to bed :( 
ugh i still feel like crap :( 
yay just took my first quiz/test !! and I got 100% 
is so sick of putting up with all the bullcrap ... 
mmm you have to love being lied to ... UGH 
ugh i was actually feeling better yesterday and today i feel horrible again ... gotta go to the post office to send out invites for briannas birthday party and go to walgreens to pick up pictures for < PROPMALE>'s homework ... and to top it all off lovely laundry ! fun day today ! 
laundry wouldnt take so long if the dryer would dry colthes faster ... 
gonna take a shower and watch \northern lights \"" 
well im off to study ... 
ugh what a day so far ..... 
class in about 15 minutes 
i hope everyone got the invites to < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party !! if not let me know ! 
thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
yay another fun class tonigh 
\tomorrow is often the busiest day of the year \"" 
ugh will i ever feel better ? i have been sick for weeks ... 
off to study .... 
i cant find a site to dl music on 
ok all of you limewire users ... how do i transfer the music to my mp3 player ? 
6 more days till we head for indy ! see you all real soon ! 
watching tennis 
trying to get last minute things planned for briannas party on saturday !!! 
headed to indy in 3 days !!! trying to get as much homework done as possible b4 then ... its hard though with < PROPMALE>'s sister in town ! 
took the kiddos swimming this morning ! they had such a good time ... only 2 more days till we leave for indy !! AHHH i have so much stuff to get done !! 
yay i got lots of homework done today !!! i have class tonight at 7 ... slowly but surely getting ready for indy !! 
leavin for indy tomorrow !!! < PROPFEMALE>'s party on saturday !! 
yay I got almost all of my homework done for the week !! Class tonight at 7 ! 
got to see aunt < PROPFEMALE > and uncle < PROPMALE > tonight !! had a nice dinner , now class . 
yay done with class !! going to relax !! I have a busy day tomorrow 
ok going to finish laundry then pack for indy !! 
hopefully we will be gettin on the road within the hour 
awww my beautiful < PROPFEMALE > turned 2 today !! i will upload pics soon !! 
< PROPFEMALE > loves ALL of her birthday gifts .... thank you to everyone who came to the party and everyone who sent gifts !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is such a bear today ... i wont let her have her binky and it is like WW3 in my house today :/ 
i love the new Dr. Oz show !!! 
i love < PROPFEMALE > from the biggest loser she is such a bitch !! 
thank god for nap time 
doin some homework 
just finished up class 
in class 
going to make some brownies 
going to do some homework ... lots to do this week ! 
ugh !!! the pilot light on our hot water heater went out lastnight and i had to heat water on the stove so we could all take a bath . they send somone out to look at it today and the ignitor switch is broken ... the guy tells me it is next to impossible to get it lit without the switch . 
i'm jealous of all you people out at the < PROPMALE > concert today :( 
whew went through the kids ' toys and got rid of 3 boxes full !! Go Mommy ! 
i need to think really hard , i need to do this for myself more than anything 
hmmm ....? 
going to head to indy tomorrow ... 
emmies ... or ... cowboys-giants game ? 
night y'all ... hopefully things will get better for me =/ 
Go Colts !! 
ugh i am so over homework this week . 
i think i finally got all of my homework done !! yay I am a little ticked that House starts tonight . The same time that the Colts game is on ... 
pizza is on its way !! house in about 30 < PROPFEMALE > . and colts in about an hour ! 
facebook is having some serious issues tonight ... 
still sittin here by myself ... 
going on a field trip with < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! we are going to a nature center . He is so excited to ride the bus ! It is going to be his first time ! 
calling it a night .... field trip tomorrow 
had a decent time at the nature center ... couldnt do much because it was raining :( < PROPMALE > held a snake , turtle , dove , and < PROPFEMALE > rabbit !! He loved the snake the most . 
today is my lazy day 
bought < PROPMALE > a new video game lastnight at now all he wants to do is play video games ... 
mmm cant wait till tomorrow !! im gonna make some chili ! Im need to go to the store and i have no dinner ideas except for the chili ... give me some ideas .... ugh i hate thinking of what to have for dinner , but i love cooking .... help me out people ! 
makin my mommas meatloaf for dinner tonight !! hope it turns out well ! 
o yea , the dog got hit by a car lastnight . stupid idiot ... always trying to run away . 
gonna switch the laundry loads and take a lil nap :) 
chili turned out wonderful :) GO COLTS !! 
my man just scored !!! GO < PROPMALE > !!! I LOVE YOU !! 
it is chilly outside today , not even going to be 70 today ! 
finally got all of my homework done for the week . New school week starts Wednesday :) 
i love House !! 
< PROPFEMALE > and i dropped < PROPMALE > off at school today , then when we got home she wanted some chocolate milk , so i made her some . Whlie i was making it she was walking around the house yelling \bubby where are you ... chocky milk !! \ " she is such a dits .... how can she forget that quick that we took < PROPMALE > to school ?! " 
the kids are watching 101 dalmations and loving it ... we are getting < PROPMALE > monsters vs aliens tonight ... he loved that movie 
going to make the kiddos some lunch 
i want to go shopping so bad :( 
puttin the kiddos down for bed 
yay another week's worth of school work starts today :) i just want a job already ! 
as of yesterday our house in plainfield is sold :( i loved that house and neighborhood :( it make me wanna cry 
my daughter is breaking my heart ... i have class and she is screaming and crying for me :( 
why cant anyone just do what they say they are going to do ? when i ask a favor and you say you are going to do it , DO IT !!! AAHHH 
the roads are flooding !! 
ugh i hope dad has a safe trip and decides to stop to rest ... 22 hours straight is way too long to drive without sleep . 
going to class ya'll 
project runway !! 
omg do they really have to interupt regular programing to say \chicago didnt get the olympics\ " put it on the news at noon ..... " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is so hott 
it is freezing cold here ... well not freezing but cold ! 
my daughter just scared me to death ... came to me with her face all red and sweaty screming and crying .... she was telling me it hurts ... i finally got her calmed down , and i think she is just constipated ... i really hope that is all it is . :( poor thing . she is sleeping now so hopefully she will be feeling better when she wakes up ! 
my dad and brother stopped by on their way back to indy !! the kids were so excited .. we made them peanut butter cookies ! 
cut my baby girls hair ... she looks so adorable :) 
going to pick my mother-in-law up from the airport in about an hour 
wonder if the rain is gonna decide to stop some time today 
had a looooong day ... 
ughhh nap time came and went too fast 
omg my aunt sent us a shock collar for the dog and he is like a completly different dog ... we let him out tonight and shocked him a few times when he tried to run away and now he doesnt even try !! 
had a fun class tonigh !! 
ha ha have to share this \noah where did your sandwich go ? \ " \ " in my tummy\ " \ " did you feed it to the dog ? \ " \ " no mom its in my tummy\ " he ate it so fast !! lol " 
going to get the kids in bed and watch project runway ! 
got the chili on !! 
i really dont understand men and yelling at the damn tv ! the players cant hear you and i dont want to listen to it ! 
who wants to come to my house and watch my kids so i can have an evening out !? 
enjoying some animal crackers with my little < PROPFEMALE > :) 
still looking for someone to come to my house to watch my kids for me ... any takers out there ? 
pork sausage , potatoes , and green beans for dinner tonight :) 
since fall decided to pass right by us , im taking the kiddos shopping for coats today :) 
called to make the kids an appointment today for a check up at the dr and to get their flu shots and the soonest they can get them in is in a month ... im pretty frustrated , if i had known it was going to take so long to get them in i would have called a month ago !! 
cant believe my kids are still napping :) it has been almost 3 hours !! what a great day ! 
just joined netflix ... does anyone know how long b4 we get our first movie ? 
class in about 20 mins . thank goodness there is only 3 more weeks till this term ends :) 
ahhh i am about to go crazy !! class is so boring tonigh ! :( 
wants a total gym !!! 
is the proud new owner of a total gym !!! ( well when it gets delivered i will be ) 
today is quite boring ... 
hmm my son needs a new bed so bad .... 
i am such a bargan shopper ... i just bought < PROPFEMALE>'s costume for $1.30 !!! 
watchin hocus pocus with the family , < PROPMALE > loves it !! he is into halloween this year !! 
omg i have to share !! lmao ... < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are watching the little mermaid and < PROPMALE > says to me \she gots clam boobs mom\ " i guess that is why he likes to watch that movie :) " 
sick of my husbands job and the lousy employees ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZQsA7G0hvQ&feature=player_embedded 
little man got a big boy bed today !! it looks great ! 
why is there an at&t truck just sitting outside of my house ? i didnt call them . i need to take a test for school but i dont want to start it and then get interrupted in the middle . if he needs something he should let me know if not , then dont park in front of my house !! 
it is so much fun switching a toddler from a crib to a toddler bed :) she did so good lastnight ... i think she is realizing today that she can get up whenever she wants ... 
the biggest loser is an emotional one tonight ... ugh i cry at everything :( 
where is my total gym ? im gonna be unmotivated by the time it gets here !! 
posted some pics of the kids in their costumes :) 
going to watch amistad 
noahs teacher canceld his field triop today because it was supposed to rain and guess what ?! IT ISNT RAINING !!! 
gonna make some pumpkin bread :p 
mmmm smells delicious in my house ! :p 
whew my daughter is in a mood today , she is realizing i wont give her the binkie ! 
my total gym shipped out yesterday , hopefully i will ge it soon ! 
i think i may try to take a nap today :) 
yea im going to the colts game on sunday !!!! 
haha took the kids to a haunted corn maze tonight and scared the bageebies outta them :) 
this new fb home < PROPFEMALE > sucks !! 
is having a very difficult time finding < PROPMALE > a colts jersey in missouri !!! 
saturdays suck and i have to write a paper that i dont get !! ugh so confused !! 
ugh my husband is coming down with something ... 
pretty sure my husband has the flu ... ugh so i went and bought some airborn !! hope it works , i am so scared to get sick . i cant be sick i have two babies that need me :) 
just sent my husband to the emergency room , he has a fever of 103 ! 
the football game was great today !! now time to relax with my kiddos , we are watching < PROPFIRST > pan !! 
ugh well my husband has the flu ... they didnt test to see if it was swine but are treating it like swine flu ! 
if you all get sick with the flu and dont have insurance plan to dish out ... 600 for the dr. visit and 120 for the tamiflu medication !! 
just completly bleached my whole house ( except the room < PROPMALE > is in ) . Im not letting him out of that room at all untill 24 hours after his fever breaks ! got the kiddos on a vitamin too , hopefully this will help boost their immune systems ! 
If you don't like the new FB , this is how you can change it back . Look at the top left hand corner menu and click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . It then becomes your default and is like before . Pass it on ! 
i deserve a long quiet day all to myself .... yeah i need to quit dreaming ! 
only a few more minutes till bed time for the kids !!! 
gonna try to watch a movie .... we'll see if i can ! as i am typing this my son is gettin out of bed yet again ! 
not feeling so well today ... ugh i hope im not gettin this flu !! 
if you are worried about getting the flu you may want to try this ... it cant hurt anything ! 
my total gym is MIA ... it was supposed to be here yesterday ... 
omg i am feeling terrible all of a sudden :( 
burning up then freezing .... o how i love being sick :) 
ugh took < PROPMALE > to the dr. today because he is showing the same symptoms that < PROPMALE > was ... the dr didnt even test him for the flu , just said he has flu like syndrome and sent us home . 
hoping to carve pumpkins with the kids tonight ... then watchin monster house with the kids !! 
i just want to curl up in a ball and die 
finally got my fever to break .... hopefully we can go trick or treating tonight 
i'm coming to realize something has to happen !! 
Happy Halloween !! 
the kids had a blast !! Im so glad they were well enough to go trick or treating !! 
going to watch monster house with my kids :) 
my kids are wearing their costumes again 
such a beautiful day today ... think i'm gonna take the kids to the park ! 
whew total gym is kickin my booty today ! 
CBS JUST REPORTED THAT THERE IS A VIRUS ON FACEBOOK ... IT COMES IN THE FORM OF AN EMAIL CLAIMING TO BE FROM FACEBOOK WITH AN ATTACHMENT ASKING TO CHANGE PASSWORD ... ONCE PASSWORDIS CHANGED THE COMPUTER HAS A VIRUS IN WHICH ALL PERSONAL INFO CAN BE ACCESSED ... THEY SAID THAT IT SHOULD BE DELETED IF ANYONE GETS THE EMAIL ... PASS THE WORD ON !!!! 
guess i need to go get some dinner started 
will the biggest loser make me cry tonight ? 
hmmm im thinking zoo ? 
my daughter just came to me and said ... my butt smells , then she sniffed the air and said i smell it 
just got home from the st. < PROPFIRST > zoo !! the kids had a blast ! hopefully they nap well ! 
sometimes its so hard to be strong and hold your head high !! 
gonna run to uhaul to get some boxes .... dont know where else to get some . 
i've got a fun filled day of packing and laundry to do today :) 
kids rooms , done .... toy room , done .... kitchen , done .... getting there 
so over packing .... wish dad was coming tomorrow :( 
is it tomorrow yet ? 
o how i love doing laundry ..... not ! 
my kids love and beg for strawberry milk :) 
I aint settlin ' or just gettin ' by . I've had enough so so for the rest of my life . Tired of shootin ' too low , so raise the bar high !! I ain't settlin for anything less than EVERYTHING !! 
loved playing uno with the family tonight =) 
yay I finally made it back to Indy !! 
new classes start wednesday :) 
the kids had a blast at the park today =) 
thanks to all the men and women who have served our country ! 
yay CMA's!! 
i wanna go out to 8 seconds friday night 
yay I can't wait till friday , going to the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > concert ! 
today i am thankful for having such beautiful healthy babies ! 
today I am greatful for my little sis lex !! she is there when I need her :) 
had a good workout today 
just got home from the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > concert !! it was fun , that place was insainly packed ! Thanks for going with me dad and Cybil ( kinda ) 
gonna head to the mall here in a few :) 
I'm thankful to be back home with my family and friends =) 
Who needs a man ? I am just as handy with tools =) 
cant wait for the game tonight !! wish i had somthing to do 
Today I am thankful for Peyton Manning and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !! ( and papaws !! ) 
not sure what is going on tonight .... these boys need to get it together and quickly !! 
NEVER DOUBT MR . PEYTON MANNING BABY !!! 
i love how the colts posts are pouring in !!! eat it < PROPFIRST > ! 
gonna work out for a bit b4 the kids wake up !! 
whew what a productive day so far !! 
bout ' to watch < PROPFEMALE > madigascar with < PROPMALE > and brianna .. they are excited ! 
yes !! I love my sister she is the best ... she is gonna help me do my math home work this term !! 
what a boring day =/ class at 8 ... 
o my goodness my daughter is a whiney butt today ! 
my son just made my day , he came to me and said \mommy i wanna be your boyfriend\ " lol how cute is that ?! " 
im thankful for kid's nap times and mommy nap times too when i can get them in ! 
watching bones then the finale of project runway at 10 !! 
have to sleep all alone tonight because dad and < PROPFEMALE > stole my doggie ! 
ugh the bia of project runway won ... i wanted < PROPFEMALE > to win !! 
what is up with fb chat tonight ? its making me mad ! 
makin some yummy cupcakes for the kiddos !! 
< PROPFIRST > pushed through the heavy glass doors to the main area , proud that he was getting the < PROPFEMALE > of the way things worked down here . 
The kids had a blast tonight !! Love going to see my friends !! We missed you guys so so much ! p.s. you make awsome tacos ! 
babysitting my nephew tonight 
yay 2 kids asleep only 1 to go !! 
the kids had a blast tonight and they all were so so good !!! 
i hate so much when you have something on your mind and you cant sleep because of it ! 
is about to go crazy .... ahhh I need 13 more kids ... NOT !!! 
thinking of ordering some pizza tonight =) 
ugh I have been so unmotivated this week when it comes to school work =P 
kids bathed ! kids down ! house is on ! momma is a happy camper ! oo and my mom bought me a strawberries and cream frapaccino 
went to my dads tonight , < PROPFEMALE > was missin her mamoo , papaw , wexy , and markey =) 
I am so thankful that all of my friends and family are healthy and well 
barely functioning this morning , I need a HUGE cup of coffee !!! 
ugh today has been horrible ... nothing is going right !! =( 
had a wonderful thanksgiving , but missing my babies so so much !! Never been away from them this long .... =( i hope they are having fun ! 
i am horrible , horrible , horrible at math and I just don't get it !! 
Have to say I enjoyed sleeping in today ! What is black friday ?! LOL 
waiting ..... lol ... 
bored and needing something to do ! 
May get to bed early tonight :( Going to church in the morning ! 
If my son would ever get dressed we could leave !! Boys and Men are so slow sometimes ! 
ok i'm not wearing my jersey today and we are losing ! hmmmm 
All I have to say is ... WOW !! 
ready to watch the pats get their butts kicked ;) 
ahhh I need a math tutor ! I have an assignment due tonight and I am only about half done ! 
yeah my math homework is done thanks to < PROPFIRST > and his awsome computer and math skills !! Thank You ! 
watchin VS fashion show ! 
more confusing math homework assigned today ! ( variation ) AHHH 
think i'm gonna figure out how to get mom's total gym together and work out some ! 
AHHH why did I marry such an IDIOT ?! 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
wtf goes on in a guys head ? ugh he is such a dumbass !! i will NEVER understand it !! 
Havin a blast and gettin a good work out dancin around the house with the kiddos !! =) 
A good friend of mine has a friend who's nephew < PROPMALE > is 4 months old and in ICU at < PROPMALE > , he has bacterial meningitis . He has swelling on his brain and is having mini strokes . They have done all they can medically so we need prayers ! 
omg its freaking cold outside and I need a coat !! 
I got the tree up and the lights strung ; < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > got it all decorated ! They are so excited to have the tree up ! Feeling more and more like Christmas :) 
mmm just got home from la hacienda ! 
anyone wanna watch my kids tonight ?! 
goin out with my girl tonight ;) 
Lets go Boys in Blue !! 
ha ha new england just lost to miami !! love it ! 
some people just need to grow the \F\ " up and mind their own damn business !!! " 
im so hungry for something sweet !! 
lets see how much i get done today 
Listening to some music , doing homework , then watching football !! Sounds like an awsome night =) 
I wanna go christmas shopping !!! 
biggest loser finale 
I hate winter time !! I hate cold weather !! I hate snow !! I hate it , I hate it , I hate it !! 
going to get my run on !! 
mmm gonna go make some apple pie :) 
snuggled up with my babies watching shreck ( christmas special ) =) 
aparantly my mother thinks my kids are chaotic and she has way too much stress in her life !! i should have known b4 i ever moved back she would pull her shit !! act like you wanna help someone out then bitch about every single thing !! that sure isnt doing me ANY favors ! needless to say i need to find an apartment ! 
I have been thinking ... I feel a lot that is wrong with todays youth isn't the youngins themselves , its the parents and grandparents that dont want to spend time with them and have a relationship with them . Its the parents and grandparents who buy them everything just to shut them up and so they will leave them alone ! 
fixin some dinner ! kids think they are starving ! :) 
watching The Bourne Identity .... candy for the eyes !! :) 
laundry day ... i go down to switch the loads and i forgot to turn the dryer on ! 
feeling proud of myself today ! :) 
? ? Oh , the weather outside is frightful ... but the Colts are so delightful ... All the others already know 13 & 0 , 13 & 0 , 13 & 0 Oh , they don't show signs of stopping ... and the fans are really hopping ... getting ready for the really big show .... Superbowl Superbowl ... Superbowl ! ?? ? ? 
i have the best academic advisor ! 
I love how when my babies have booboo's all it takes is a kiss to make it all better ! Why cant life be like this for all of us ? 
last week of school then a break !!! 
my little < PROPFEMALE > is sick :( 
i love me some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !! 
hell to the yea 14-0 BABY !!! 
Oh , the weather outside is frightful ... but the Colts are so delightful ... All the others already know 14-0 , 14-0 , 14-0 Oh , they don't show signs of stopping ... and the fans are really hopping ... getting ready for the really big show .... Superbowl Superbowl ... Superbowl ! ?? ? ? KEEP IT GOING !! 
Think I am going to take the kids to Christmas at the Zoo tonight ... if anyone is interested in joining us let me know and we can meet up !! 
To the TUNE OF FROSTY THE SNOWMAN : ? ? Peyton , the quarterback is a jolly happy soul , with a perfect eye and a leader's mind and an arm made out of gold ! There must be some magic in every football he throws , for when he lugs it in the air , it comes down in OUR end zone !! Peyton the quarterback is as alive as he can be ,...... but he waves good-bye saying , don't you cry , I'll be back with win 15\ ?? " 
kicked some bootay tonight at guitar hero !!! 
wow my kids didnt wake up ' till 11 today ! gonna make christmas cookies later with the kiddos ! 
mmm just finished making peanut butter cookies and mexican wedding cakes .... the kids and i are going to make sugar cookies tonight and then all i have is chocolate covered pretzels ( my favorite) ! 
some people cant realize a good thing when its staring them right in the face ! 
:( ugh ! 
finally finished with cookies and pretzels !! whew I am glad Christmas is only once a year !! 
OMG i cant wait till 8 o'clock!!! ughhh 
i think i am the worst < PROPFEMALE > around !! first < PROPMALE > found my stash unwrapped then tonight he caught mom and I wrapping gifts !! hmmm i need to get better at this ! :) hopefully he wont remember ! 
We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE >??•* ¨*• . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ? ? ? We Wish You A < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... And A Happy New Year !?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... Copy and paste ~ keep the wave going ! 
biscuits and gravy for dinner tonight :) 
... bored ... 
They may want to take Christ out of Christmas(which wouldn't make much sense seeing as only \MAS\ " would be left ) ... but they can NEVER take Christ out of me . If you are proud to be a Christian and aren't ashamed of Christ then post this to your status for 1 day as a light to the world . God bless to those who can do it ! : ... " 
he'll break your heart its just a matter of time so just remember , he's a good time cowboy casanova , leanin up agaist the record machine , he looks like a cool drink of water but he's < PROPFEMALE > coated misery , he's the devil in disguise , a snake with blue eyes and he only comes out at night , gives you fellings that you figh ... t you better run for your life . 
got my hair done today ! love the way it looks when you leave the salon ! too bad i had no place to go :) 
had a wonderful afternoon !! 
waiting on the kiddos to fall asleep so i can play < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
i def . forgot to have my kids set out cookies and milk for santa .... dang i am so bad this year !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all of my family and facebook friends ! :) 
HELP !! I need to do something !! Something needs to open ! 
RIP Bam Dog , the kids will miss you so so much :( 
damn bears !! 
... laundry ... 
my poor little man is sick .... i wish he would just feel better :( 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends ! Before you do that answer for me !!! 
Happy New Year Everyoneeee !! 
is it sunday yet ?! I need some colts football in my life !!! 
~ Titans on the ground , Titans on the ground , lookin like fools cuz the Colts took them down ~ Going to the game today ! Can't wait ... will try to get lots of pics :) Go Colts !! 
relaxing , listening to music , and doing some homework ! 
back to school .... o how i love homework ! 
i got so much done today and it feels good :) 
i need a fun game to play , that i can actually play for more than 10 mins !!! 
we can go to town or baby if you'd rather ... ill take you for a ride on my big green tractor ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUS6nKpddec 
I want to say thank you to all my wonderful family and friends for all of the birthday wishes ... you guys are all the best anyone can ask for :) 
black 
im good with the snow as long as i get to stay inside :) 
my daughter and i are watchin sex in the city and she is so into it !! lmao ... im in for it when she gets older ! 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you 
Let's go Texas boys !! 
none 
OMG is it nap time yet ?! ahhhhhhhhh 
Chili and Football :) mmm I Love Sunday's! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best ,,,, be honest ! :) 
inside , baby , inside , can you feel the butterflies , floatin ' all around , ' cause i can sure feel ' em now , Tonight , maybe tonight , is the start of a beautiful ride , that'll never end and baby i got a fellin ' that this could be , one of those memories , we wanna hold on to , and cling to , one that we can't forget ;) 
Ladies ......... your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made CNN . Facebook doesn't know who started it but the < PROPFEMALE > G . Koman Foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall if you participated ! 
To all the mommies out there ... join the fun and re-post this . How much did your child(ren ) weigh at birth ?... Noah was 7 lbs 9 oz on time and < PROPFEMALE > was 7lbs 3 oz a week late ! 
5.5 inches .... :( 
wants to run far far away ! 
It's WAYBACK WEEK !!!! RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO ! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and let's see how cool we were ! 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont ! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
o pilates how I love the burn you give me when working out .... but the pain I will feel tomorrow isn't so lovely :) 
I kicked a gangsta sliding down a hill because i'm sexy and i do what i want :) 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I am proud of my children and I thank God for them EVERYDAY ! 
thinks its too funny when you have to get on fb to find someone to call your phone because your child took off with it and lost it :) 
Capricorn : You feel much better about some < PROPMALE > aspect of your life today , It may be that things are changing , or that you're deciding to adjust your attitude somewhat -- but in either case , you're smiling ! 
funny of the day : For all those men who say , ' why buy the cow when you can get the milk free ' . Here's an update for you ! Now a days 80% of women are against marriage , why ? Because women realize its not worth buying the entire pig just to get a lilttle sausage !!!! 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a TON of shit . 
my fine is $235 
....... :) ........ 
Jets on the ground , Jets on the ground , lookin like fools cause the Colts put em down . Turf in your mouth , helmet turned sideways , thinkin you could rule then lookin like a fool . Walkin around town with your heads < PROPMALE > down , WHO DAT ?!?!?! Jets on the ground , Jets on the ground , lookin like fools cause the Colts PUT EM DOWN !!!! GO COLTS !! 
i just heard there was a terrorist attack in indy today !!! 52 JETS WENT DOWN BABY !!! 
COLTS ! GO°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸COLTS !!! ¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „COLTS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° KEEP THE WAVE GOING ! --- COPY AND PASTE ! GO COLTS !!! 
my little boy is going to be 4 tomorrow !!! where did the time go ?! 
My baby boy is 4 Today !!! Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > !! 
If you believe your Daughter is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give her a hug ! I ? MY DAUGHTER !! 
on the bedroom floor !! 
PASSING THIS ON ... **** WARNING **** WORM ALERT : IF YOU GET A REQUEST FROM A FRIEND TO CHECK OUT A YOUTUBE AND IT CAME FROM WHAT LOOKS LIKE FACEBOOK DO NOT OPEN IT !! IT IS A TROJAN WORM AND WILL INFECT AND SHUT DOWN YOUR COMPUTER AND TAKE ALL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFO . IT IS TRAVELING AROUND FACEBOOK RAPIDLY . YOUR FRIENDS D ... ID NOT SEND IT . COPY AND PASTE ........ 
Please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay . A wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease . People who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? 
<3 Hearing the words \i love you mommy\ " melts my heart ! :) I love my babies <3 " 
gonna have a nice night tonight ! :) 
Say You , Say Me - < PROPMALE > Richie ~ ~ What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song ... 
the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland movie looks like it will be good :) 
im not so happy with mr. groundhog today !! 
hublblblblbla ! 
why is today draaaaging on ? i have been so busy and time isnt going anywhere !!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
bubba got his hair cut today ! he looks so cute ! my little stud-muffin :) he asked me the other day if i would be his girlfriend ... he loves his mommy ! :) 
thanks dad !! 
ready to pack up and head south !! ughh I HATE SNOW !! i hope they are just blowing this storm up and nothing happens ! 
sick and headed to bed :( glad to have classes done ! 
kids went to the dr today ... they weren't very happy about it . < PROPMALE > got 4 shots and < PROPFEMALE > got 2 ! Boy it is FUN to have 2 screaming kids in the drs . office !! 
made crab and broccoli < PROPMALE > for dinner :P 
needs someone who wants to go sledding !! 
okay wish me luck ! < PROPFEMALE > is stayin with mamoo and papaw while I take my little man sledding !! Glad I get to spend some one on one time with him :) 
Let's all take a moment ... Our Peyton , who < PROPMALE > in Indy , Hallowed be thy arm . Thy Bowl will come , it will be won , in Miami as it was in 07 . Give us this Sunday , our weekly win , And give us many touchdowns , but don't let the evil Saints score against us . Lead us not into frustration ; But deliver us a Super Bowl win , for t ... hine is the dynasty , the NFL's best , and the < PROPFEMALE > of Indy .. forever . AMEN !!!!! GO COLTS !!!! ? ? ? 
still loves her boys in blue ! But is so sad football season is over :( 
\my closest relationship is with my blackberry and thank god it vibrates\ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > Biel in Valentines Day :) " 
< PROPFEMALE > got ahold of a black permanent marker and colored her whole body ! 
changed my area of study today in school 
Does anyone know of any t-ball leagues that start at age 4 ? I wanna get < PROPMALE > playing this summer and I think everything around here starts at age 5 !!! 
Does anyone know of any t-ball leagues that start at age 4 ? I wanna get < PROPMALE > playing this summer and I think everything around here starts at age 5 !!! 
its so stressful to have 2 kids screaming and yelling while I am trying to have class !! OMG ! 
survivor is going to be so awsome this season !! Go < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
bored .... bored .... bored .... thinkin movie night :) 
ima be , ima be .... ima ima ima be ... 
mmm bacon egge cheese biscuits :) 
gosh I <3 my friends ... its nice to be able to have those conversations only they understand ! 
? I have the 2 best Valentines in this world :) Going to dinner with my babies , my nephew , and my sister <3 
< PROPMALE > is so sick and our humidifier decided to die today ... O and Indiana gets more and more ridiculous by the day .... ugh what a crappy day all around ! 
sippin on some hot green tea with < PROPFEMALE > with my bubba ... he is so sick :( 
really wishes < PROPMALE > would feel better ... he is worse today . cant even keep food down because of his cough :( 
friday cant come soon enough ! 
I don't understand not making an attempt to see your kids AT ALL !! What a worthless piece of crap !! 
lookin like no < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > this friday :( 
< PROPFIRST > white is freaking amazing .... noah loves watching this ! :) 
~ A strong woman knows how to keep her life in order , and even with tears in her eyes she manages to say \im okay\ " ~ " 
who gives a crap about tiger woods and what he has to say !! PUT < PROPFEMALE > ON !! 
out with the girlies tonight :) 
~ glad i got to get out for a bit :) thanks lex ~ 
they finally put my baby on some antibiotics !! 
¸ . • *¨* •Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? 
avon really needs to open more movie rental places ... i think there is only blockbuster and i hate that place ! 
wow ... Carrie Underwood's new song really gets to me ! 
grandma has another infection , im starting to wonder if the doctors are ever going to get her better so she can finish her therapy !! 
american idol :) 
i have never really watched ice hockey .... but it has my attention today ! 
.... very , very frustrated .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is full of slobbery kisses today :) 
2 good reasons to watch survivor this season : < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Nice eyecandy ! If they get voted off , Im not watching anymore ! lol 
not even 10 AM and today has already been full of adventure !! Forget treasure madness , I have literally been searching for treasures !! AHHH KIDS ! 
watching marley and me with < PROPMALE > , hope it isnt too sad for him 
my boogie butt is signed up for baseball !! yay :) 
cybil lowe ! 
had fun lastnight :) 
March !!! 20 days ' till spring ! 
The kids and I went to see grandma today . She looks really good :) Hopefully she doesnt have any more problems and can get her therapy finished so she can come home ! 
Sons outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? Put this on your status if you have the most ? Awesome ? Son ? in the ? world !!!! 
the bachelor is so fake and cheesy !! 
You make me smile like the sun Fall out of bed , sing like bird Dizzy in my head , spin like a record Crazy on a Sunday night You make me dance like a fool Forget how to breathe Shine like gold , buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > Just the thought of you can drive me wild Ohh , you make me smile 
It's movie line week on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie ... \If i'm not back in five minutes .... just wait longer ! \"" 
my 4 year old is turning into such a liar !! 
BREAKING NEWS ** We need to send help to the following country : THE UNITED STATES . There are many without food , shelter , & clean drinking water . Residents are going without heat for the winter , healthcare for the sick , & proper education for children . STOP SENDING MONEY OVERSEAS . We have people here that lack basic human needs . Will you re-post this ? 
\WHERE'S THE CORNBREAD ! \ " ~ Lexyy Richmond " 
gonna take the kiddos to the park ! loving the weather today ! mmm sunshine ! 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart ass . Feel free to use as many that may apply ! ;) 
had a great day ... movie time :) 
bed ... gotta get my rest for tomorrow night :) 
the sun is shining , the birds are chirping , and I may have found a new vechicle :) 
round 2 ... hmmm ? 
went ice skating and only fell once ! :) 
had a weekend full of fun , but i miss my babies 
gonna take the kiddos to hummel in a bit , beautiful day ! :) 
if anyone knows of any awsome gay rights websites , please share ... i need to do some research !! 
the kids and I had fun at the childrens museum with my sister and nephew 
the new show parenthood is awsome ! :) if you have kids you have to watch it ! 
Is thinking about all the crazy people in the world , and wondering if I'm considered one of them ..... hmmm ? 
we're officially facebook whores Lexyy Richmond ? my sister kills me ? 
Leave me one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot ... anything you remember . Dont send a message , just leave a comment below this post . Next , repost this in your status , and see how many people write a memory 
yay I totally aced my mid-term assignment !! gotta keep that 100% going ! :) this calls for some celabration ....! 
had fun bowling tonight :) oooo and dinner was good too :) 
I'm going to be a good girl tonight ... if you believe that you'll believe anything ! 
when you fight with a BEST FRIEND , you always end up making up sooner or later ... because thats what BEST FRIENDS do ! 
I just love Idiots !!! They make me feel smarter :) 
As much as I'd like to be a simple woman , I'm simply not . 
My check engine light came on the other day . I popped the hood and looked , and the engine is still there . Silly light ! 
easily amused but just as easily confused 
:) just lick your elbow it makes everything better (: 
Why does life always go wrong when you most need it to go right . 
Yes - I have children . If you come over unannounced there WILL be toys from one end of the house to the other , dishes in the sink , and hell , there might even be food crumbs on the floor ! But we WILL be happy , and that's all that matters to us !. Re-post this if you have a house like mine :-) 
I often wonder what if .. I had made other choices ... then i see my kids faces and know the ones I made were ok .. and i can change the future not the past . 
knows that a smile is a language that even babies understand ... it costs nothing , yet gives much ; takes only a moment , but the memory of it may last forever . 
Love is not finding someone you can live with . Love is finding someone you cannot live without :) 
You make me smile like the sun , Fall out of bed , sing like bird , Dizzy in my head , spin like a record , Crazy on a Sunday night . You make me dance like a fool , Forget how to breathe , Shine like gold , buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > , Just the thought of you can drive me wild , Ohh , you make me smile ~ I'm in love with this song <3 
when life gives you a rainy day , play in the puddles ! 
Had a nice relaxing Sunday . Curled up with my kiddos and watched where the wild things are . < PROPFEMALE > was a little scared of it :) 
<3 You don't realize the true meaning of love until you see it in your children's eyes <3 
Don't go where the road takes you , make a new path . 
I'm not sorry for how I feel , I'm not sorry for changing , and I'm definitely not sorry for who I am ! I'm much happier now ! 
american idol really sucks this year !! 
looking foward to tomorrow evening :) 
is amazed that if you hold your nose , you cant hum .. Ha Ha ! Comment if you tried this ! 
~*~*~ Smiling is infectious , You can catch it like the flu . Someone smiled at me today , And I started smiling too . :) ~*~*~ 
Follow your heart and don't look back . Sometimes life surprises you . 
Where is this \chill pill\ " ~ they ~ talk about and how do i get like 5 ? " 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a ... MOM 
Do you know that the human race is the only species that lets its idiots live a full life ? We should work on that . 
my little man starts baseball today ! he is so excited ! 
Today is a good day for some chili :) 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself . " 
you make me smile :) 
the quickest way for a mother to get her children's attention is to sit down and look comfortable ! 
going to see the girls and have some pizza ! 
browsing tatoos ..... 
had a great night with great friends :) gonna < PROPFEMALE > with my sister tomorrow ( gettin into some trouble ) <3 :) 
Loving my new tatoo !! and i took my sisters tat virginity today :) 
takin the kiddos to see ' how to train your dragon ' today , and layin out ... later :) 
Such a beautiful day ... layin out so my freckles can come out and make me look \tan\ " lol " 
???????? had fun at the zoo with the kiddos ???????? 
???????? Whoever coined the phrase ' Good Morning ' was obviously never a night owl ???????? 
spent 2 hours cleaning and re-arranging my kids room . took < PROPFEMALE > less than 2 minutes to drag everything back out ! 
your smile makes me smile ;~) 
Ahhh so much to do today and i cant get moving ! 
God doesn't give us more than we can handle but sometimes God moves us right to the edge . 
Progress always involves risk ; you can't steal second base and keep your foot on first 
truth is , everybody is going to hurt you . you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . -- < PROPMALE > Marley . 
Multitasking = being able to screw up several things at the same time 
going to the park with my sister to take some pics :) 
life is too short to waste your time trying to get people to like , love or care for you . If they can't accept you as you are , then it's their loss 
yay conan will be back in november on tbs ! 
Be a fruit loop in a world of cheerios . Because you don't need to fit in , you just need to be yourself . : 0 ) 
She's as pretty as a picture , Every bit as funny as she is smart , Got a smile that'll hold you together And a touch that'll tear you apart , When she's yours she brings the sunshine , When she's gone the world goes dark , Yeah she's heaven on the eyes , But boy she's hell on the heart 
magic erasers are little miracle workers :) < PROPFEMALE > scribbled all over a flat panel tv with crayon and it took it right off ! ~ thanks vic ~ 
Don't wait for the perfect moment ... Take the moment and make it perfect ... 
<3 always wear cute pajamas , as you never know who you might meet in your dreams (: 
Facebook - the procrastination destination :) 
It is only through the trials and tribulations that we realize our deepest desires . 
mmm bacon , eggs , and pancakes for breakfast ... then off to baseball in a bit :) 
~ you are not a parent until you think someone who duct taped their child to a wall is a genius ~ 
hmmm what to do tonight ... watch nba playoffs ! cavs won ! < PROPFIRST > plays tomorrow ! those are my teams :) 
haha adios KG ! 
looking foward to this evening : 0 ) 
ladies love country boys :) 
seems like everyone is pregnant right now !! 
LETS GO CAVS ! 
???????? Don't wait for the perfect moment , take the moment and make it perfect ???????? 
gonna take the babies for a walk :) 
busy exciting day today :o ) 
needs one of those happy chill pills tonight 
FACEBOOKERS fb is at it again , violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow \"." 
Don't ever settle . Always do what's going to make you happy . Live life , take chances , have fun , and SMILE ! You never know what's waiting around the corner ... 
If you're thinking about me and wondering if I'm thinking about you ... I am :) 
what are you doing still up ? 
Don't take a good man for granted , someday someone will come along and appreciate what you didn't . 
one step closer .. 
~ If you ever feel like everything in the world is bad just remember that every night someone goes to sleep thinking of you ~ Mr. Sexy < PROPMALE > ;) 
did pretty good on my first medical terminology quiz :) 
picked a wonderful day to be sick ! there are roofers here today replacing the roof and they are so LOUD !!! 
She’s as pretty as a picture Every bit as funny as she is smart Got a smile that’ll hold you together And a touch that’ll tear you apart When she’s yours she brings the sunshine When she’s gone the world goes dark Yeah she’s heaven on the eyes But boy she’s hell on the heart 
school , school , school ... 
;-) To that one guy that makes me smile all day long : I really hope you are feeling better :) I'll be thinkin of you and may see you in my dreams :o ) ~ 16 days ~ 
done with classes ... time for sleep :o ) 
WARNING ! If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT ! THIS IS A SCAM ! They only want to see you naked . I wish I'd gotten this yesterday . I feel so stupid ! Please copy n paste this warning into your status so everyone is aware . 
going to the race tonight with my family :) can't wait !! 
;-) Im super tired and Im about to head to bed . I hope you stay safe on your mission today and i will be prayin for you . I hope to see your sexy ass in my dreams :) and i want to hear about your dream :) I will send u a message as soon as i wake up tomorrow :) goodnight love ... cant wait to hear from you soon :) 
cant wait to get the kiddos down and snuggle up and finish my book tonight :) 
i have the best son in the world ... at dinner tonight he said ' mommy your beautiful ' He is such a little sweet talker :) 
country music expo !!! 
Rain makes corn , Corn makes whiskey Whiskey makes my baby , Feel a little frisky Back roads are boggin ' up , My buddies pile up in my truck We hunt our hunnies down , We take ' em into town Start washin ' all our worries down the drain Rain is a good thing ! 
“Life is all about timing ... the unreachable becomes reachable , the unavailable become available , the unattainable ... attainable . Have the < PROPFEMALE > , wait it out It's all about timing . ” < PROPFIRST > Charter 
wth is dumbville ? 
;) missin you ... and thinkin about you ;) 
I ain't settling for just getting by I've had enough so so for the rest of my life Tired of shooting too low , so raise the bar high Just enough ain't enough this time I ain't settling for anything less than EVERYTHING 
steaks on the grill for dinner tonight :) mmmmm it was sooo good ! 
lets go cavs !! 
ahhhhh anyone want my stubborn 2 1/2 year old ?! I can't get her to eat for anything ... I don't know how she survives !!!! 
yay I just got a 100% on my medical terminology quiz !! 
<3 <3 May 22nd <3 <3 Nickelback , Breaking < PROPMALE > , Shinedown , and Sick Puppies <3 <3 Count me in :) 
;) I will be headed to bed soon to have a night full of sweet dreams of you :) mmm i cant wait to be able to snuggle up with you ! that sounds like a dream all of its own ! i will message you as soon as i get up ! night sweetie <3 ;) 
~ Feliz Cinco De Mayo ~ 
~ ahhh layin in bed with the window open listening to the rain come down ~ 
school school school night :) o what fun !! 
~ YAY ~ BABY < PROPFIRST > JR . HAS ARRIVED !!! ~ 
Love isn't a decision . It's a feeling . If we could decide who we loved , it would be much simpler , but much less magical . 
? ? May 22nd ? ? Nickelback , Breaking < PROPMALE > , Shinedown , and Sick Puppies ? ? 
<3 Mothers ' Day declaration ~ I wanted you before you were born . I loved you when you were born , I saw your face and I knew that I was in love . Before you were an hour old , I knew I would die for you . To this day , I will . This is the miracle of life . ~ \ 
Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life . <3 
<3 going to go see the new baby !! :) <3 
~ happy mothers day to all the fantastic mothers out there ~ 
~ Sometimes During An Ordinary Life , Fate Gives Us Something Extraordinary ~ 
;-) ~ You make me smile like the sun\ 
Fall out of bed , sing like bird\ 
Dizzy in my head , spin like a record\ 
Crazy on a Sunday night\ 
You make me dance like a fool\ 
Forget how to breathe\ 
Shine like gold , buzz like a bee\ 
Just the thought of you can drive me wild\ 
Ohh , you make me smile\ 
~ This is my FAVORITE song and it makes me think of you so much , so i'm sharing it with ya ;-) 
<3 ~ Life may take you where you least expect it but always have faith that you are exactly where you are supposed to be ~ <3 
~ life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass , it's about learning to dance in the rain ~ 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
its gonna be a good day .... till about 8 ... ugh ! 
class class class ! 
:( wanted the cavs to win :( 
ahhhh wish i didnt have so much to do today :( guess i need to get moving !!! 
hmmm im thinkin a nice quiet evening of layin in bed and watchin movies :) 
~ I got my toes in the water , a$$ in the sand , not a worry in the world , a cold beer in my hand , life is good today , life is good today !! ~ This song makes me want to go CAMPING so BAD !! Where are you summer ?! 
hungry and needing a big dose of coffee !! 
all the kiddos had a blast at < PROPMALE > e cheese !! 
Going SHOPPING with my sister today to get her graduation dress !! 
I got into Duke ... sounds like you got into a dudes pants . O the conversations I have with my sister !! 
~ my brother gave birth to a calf today , lmao ~ sounds like your havin too much fun out there < PROPFIRST > ! 
Hasn't been a very good day ! and this horrible weather is NOT helping ! 
<3 Nickelback , Shinedown , Breaking < PROPMALE > , and Sick Puppies <3 Gonna be a fun night :) 
~ has been the perfect weekend ~ fun times with great people ~ 
what a beautiful day it is already today :) love this weather ! 
picnic at the park with my babies 
? 
busy buys rest of the week !! Takin the kiddos to the track tomorrow for family activities , thursday is the big day !! and cant wait for the partay saturday :) love ya lex ! 
brats on the grill !! mmm so hungry !! 
is there a ' right ' path , because i always seem to be on the ' wrong ' one ! 
OMG this week is by far going down in the books as one of the worst in a looooong ass time !! 
t-bones on the grill .... mmmm i love summer :) 
my baby sissy is graduating tomorrow !! so proud of you lex ! 
almost graduation time !! lex is lookin good ... cant get my phone to upload pics right now tho !! 
carb day ! 
had a blast at the track today , but omg i am a freaking lobster !! 
partay today with lots and lots of family ! 
headed out to the lake ... ur missin out lex !!! 
loong fun weekend with friends and family . Every weekend needs to be that good ! :) 
mmm mmm mmm ribeye on the grill for dinner ... and i must say i cooked it perfectly :) mmmmm 
going to the zoo tomorrow with my babies , < PROPFEMALE > Akers and < PROPFIRST > Akers if you wanna join let me know !! 
feels like I cheated on el meson tonight ... la ha was not even close to as good as el meson ! 
< PROPFEMALE > lookin wonderful fly so fly ... < PROPFEMALE > like a supermodel my oh my ... Baby how you do that make a grown man cry 
at the zoo with friends and my babies :) 
i never look forward to thursday evenings ! 
lets go rafa !! he's so sexy :) 
kiddos are headed to Illinois this weekend , so mama gets a little break ! 
another fun-filled weekend .... I love summer time !! I missed my babies so so much !! 
aced another medical terminology quiz !! :) 
having my wisdom teeth taken out today :( scared to go !! 
omg i'm in pain ! 
So .... where are all the \Save the Gulf\ " concerts ? Where are the T.V. Benefits\ 
yay finally got the movie dear < PROPFIRST > ! plan to watch it tonight and probably cry my eyes out .... heard the book is much better tho , guess i shall see ! 
dear < PROPFIRST > was a good movie if you havent read the book , but the story line in the book was soooo much better !! why cant they just make the movies the same as the books ? I'm a bit disappointed ! 
cmt music awards tonight ! thats what i will be watching :) 
sister week !! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your \ 
tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , seen you fail , cheered you\ 
on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Love my sisters < PROPFEMALE > , lex , and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
me : < PROPMALE > how old am I ? noah : your 42 ... wow didnt think i was that OLD , LMAO !!! 
tonights gonna suck , but im excited for the race tomorrow night :) 
pool today with my babies and friends :) 
omg i'm a freaking lobster !! i hate all you people with tan skin , mine just turns bright red and hurts like a bitch !! 
omg ice cold aloe feels so good !! 
everyone makes fun of a redneck , ' till their car needs fixed 
She was dancin ' sexy , pop , pop , pop , and drop it and drop it low 
fun fun night at the track lastnight , having a lazy saturday and gettin school work done :) 
When life gives you lemons , add vodka and have a partay ! 
mamaws watchin the kiddos tonight :) 
Did you ever have an \I don't know\ " moment . You don't know where you going ... how to get there ... were you are coming from ... what to do or worst what to think ? " 
just aced another medical terminology quiz :) 
Learn to love the flaws that you see within yourself as they are often the unique characteristics that other people love most about you 
:( i just wanna go to bed ! 
~ Sometimes the grass is only greener because it's full of shit ~ 
park with my babies :) 
You may not always end up where you thought you were going but you will always end up where you were meant to be :) 
mmm mmm mmm steak and portabella mushroom < PROPMALE > for dinner ... pure delicious-ness :) 
just wants one thing in my life to be normal !! 
... school , school , school ... ugh this is the last week ( kinda ) lol 
TOY STORY 3 with my babies , tiff , and mitchell ... gettin excited ! :) 
just got home from Toy Story 3 , such a cute movie !! A little sad but was still awsome ! The 3-D wasnt all that great ... but we still enjoyed it ! 
Gettin so excited for tomorrow night ! my little man is racing his big-wheel and he won 1st place last year ! <3 
tonights the big night for my little man , lets see if he can hold the title as the big wheel champ !! :) 
<3 fun night at the track 
<3 If your Daddy is/was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have your Daddy still with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyoneknow you are proud of your Daddy and that you love him <3 
hmmm i'm craving sweets like no other ! i miss the days where my dads < PROPFEMALE > truck was parked in the driveway ! 
<3 wimbledon 2010 :) 
100% on my final medical terminology quiz !! :) Im gonna miss this class and my professor so much :( it was lots of fun tho ! 
two bare feet on the dashboard , Young love and an old Ford , Cheap shades and a tattoo , And a Yoo-Hoo bottle on the floorboard , Perfect song on the radio , Sing along ' cause it's one we know , It's a smile , it's a kiss , It's a sip of wine , it's SUMMERTIME !!! 
think its finally calming down out there ! 
You should only regret the things you didnt do , not the things you did 
brianna : I want to wear panties ! me : are you gonna be sure to pee in the potty ? brianna : No 
< PROPFEMALE > Henderson < PROPMALE > is a LIFE SAVER !! Thank you so so so MUCH !! 
sometimes things need to fall apart to fall into place 
rain , rain stay away .. for this weekend I want to play !! Going camping , boating , fishing , swimming ... gonna be FUN ! Can't wait :) 
~ layed out by the pool while the kiddos played ... but it didnt last that long ... its too damn HOT ~ 
fingers are crossed ! 
Give me a Saturday night my baby by my side , Sweet Home Alabama , and a six pack of light , an old dirt road and ill be just fine ... 
:( no camping ... lakes are too high and the beaches are closed :( July 4th weekend tho , I will be there !! 
went swimmin with Cybil Lowe and Cray ! Wish I could take a nap tho ! 
thinkin about going to bed b4 or by 11 tonight .... hmmm can I do it ? 
lookin for some trouble to get into ... jk i'm an angel :) 
girls night :) 
headed out to the speedrome with my babies :) 
gonna go see grown ups tonight :) then going from there ! 
going to pick up the kiddos :) 
super , super excited for this weekend !! gonna have a nice big camping trip with the family :) can hardly wait !! 
off to take my final ! 
just finished that horrible health information test ! It was a 3 hour timed test and I finished it with 6 minutes to spare !! Don't know the final score untill the professor grades the short answer part !! So glad to have that done and over with tho , whew !! 
got the first 2 books of the twilight series , hope to get them read by the end of this weekend , but that is a big goal for me !! lol i'm a slow reader ! 
<3 Hard work pays off , it may take some time but it will be sooo worth it in the end ! I'm feeling very accomplished today :) 
<3 Let's go Nadal :) 
Can't wait for Friday !! :) 
<3 I have a new love <3 
packin .. packin .. packin .... hopin to get outta here early in the morning :) ( < PROPFIRST > you better have your a$$ up and ready too , or i'm sooo going to have to beat ur bootay ) 
i think and hope i got everything packed i need ... i feel like im forgetting something important tho ! Gonna be up early to head to the lake , gettin more and more excited :) 
i <3 my brothers :) 
i was the best damn chicken fryer ever @ < PROPFIRST > poehler 
in greencastle with my babies , brother , and sister for the fireworks show !! happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > :) 
back home from camping ... gonna load some pics here in a few ! 
scrambled eggs sound good ! 
lookin for a job , so if anyone knows of any places hiring let me know please ! :) 
yay , new classes start today !! Soooo NOT excited about that ! 
< PROPFEMALE > dukes , bikini's on top ... sunkissed skin so hot we'll melt yo popsicle ;) 
soakin up some sunshine , then dinner , then class at 8 and class at 9 ! 
I don't think my ears can handle much more of little whiny kids voices today !! I am sooo ready for QUIET TIME !! 
quote of the day \you didn't just wake up cute one day\ " anonymous friend .... lmao !! " 
<3 be your bestfriend , tell the truth , and over use i love you , go to work , do your best , dont out smart your common sense , never let your prayin knees get lazy , and ' love like crazy ' <3 
i <3 CMT when they play music ! I could watch/listen to it all day long ! 
~ I'm solo , I'm ridin ' solo ~ 
~ all you really need this time of year , is a pair of shades , and ice cold beer , and a place to sit somewhere near ...... water ~ 
? be your bestfriend , tell the truth , and over use i love you , go to work , do your best , dont out smart your common sense , never let your prayin knees get lazy , and ' love like crazy ' ? Always treat your woman like a lady and love like crazy <3 ~ I am so in love with this song !! <3 
? cuz i dont know how it gets better than this , you take my hand and drag me head first fearless , and i dont know why , but with you i dance in a storm in my best dress , fearless ? 
is so needing some time for me !! :( 
took the babies to the park , its flippin HOT out !! 
I'd sure hate to break down here , with nothin up ahead or in the rear-view mirror , out in the middle of nowhere knowing , that I'm in trouble if these wheels stop rolling , so God help to keep me movin somehow .... I've made it this far without cryin a single tear , I'd sure hate to break down here ... 
A daughter will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold your heart for a\ 
lifetime . <3 My baby girl ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ) 
off to the lake for some camping tonight with the family :) I hope the lakes beach area is open !! 
had a blast at the lake ! off to < PROPFEMALE>'s bachelorette party in a bit :) 
had a great night lastnight with the girlies , thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for inviting me ... and a nice morning too ;) 
~ every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end ~ 
gonna soak up some sunshine , headed to the pool with cyb n lil man :) 
is about to go the F$ @K OFF on SOMEONE !!! 
She's as pretty as a picture , Every bit as funny as she is smart , Got a smile that'll hold you together , And a touch that'll tear you apart , When she's yours she brings the sunshine , When she's gone the world goes dark , Yeah , she's heaven on the eyes , But boy she's hell on the heart , Once you feel her touch and you've felt that rush , It's gonna mess up your head ... 
all good things start with a smile :) 
Some say men are only good for 1 thing , but even that can be replaced by 6\ of plastic & a couple of batteries :) " 
thinkin zoo in about an hour , if anyone wants to come too let me know ! 
gonna go to bed early tonight ... as soon as class is over ! the zoo wore me out today ! 
on the hunt again today ... hmmm 
fair with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and all the kids :) 
ahhhh i need a long vacation is all i have to say !! 
going on a bike ride with nicki ... haha hope i dont die ! 
cant wait for downtown tonight :) 
A great weekend so far ! Had a blast at the race today too ! :) 
sometimes we need to stop analyzing the past .. stop planning the future .. stop trying to figure out precisely how we feel .. stop deciding with our mind what we want our heart to feel and sometimes we just have to go with \whatever .. happens .. happens \"" 
<3 ~ you'll never find the right person if you don't let the wrong one go ~ <3 
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity . The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . 
I wanna be there when you wake up , \ 
Be more than just your friend . \ 
Baby there's no mistakin'\ 
You're the love I wanna be in . \ 
I <3 < PROPFIRST > Aldean , heard this song a few mins ago :) 
??? Oh man we were livin , didn't waste one minute , We talked and drank and danced and said goodbye , and we laughed until we cried ??? 
??? Only regret the things you didn't do , NOT the things you did ??? 
? Just like driving on an open highway \ 
Never knowing what we're gonna find \ 
Just like two kids , baby , always trying to live it up \ 
Whoa , yeah , that's our kind of love \ 
Mm that's our kind of love \ 
\ 
Skipping rocks and leaving footprints \ 
Down along the riverbank \ 
Always holding hands , never making plans \ 
Just living in the moment , babe ? 
off to the lake and campground :) 
nice night of sittin by the fire and reading my book !! now listening to the rain from inside the camper !! ahhh nice relaxing night :) 
sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand , and what you've been out there searchin ' for forever is in your hands ... and when u figure out love is all that matters after all , it sure makes everything else , seem so small :) <3 
fall , go on and fall apart , fall into these arms of mine\ 
and i'll catch you everytime you fall , \ 
go on and lose it all , every doubt every fear , \ 
every worry every tear , i'm right here\ 
baby fall 
wow ... really can't believe the sad excuses for fathers these days !! grow the f up and learn how to take care of your babies !! 
I'll take off my halo \ 
If you take off your wings . \ 
You don't have to be invincible \ 
Cause I sure ain't no saint \ 
You'll always be my angel \ 
No matter what you do , \ 
Cause you take me to heaven just by being you 
very hot but fun evening :) 
Must Say , I <3 My Babies More Than Anything In This World :) 
bout over my car turning into a little beater !! 
~ My Best Days Are Ahead Of Me ~ 
is happy :) 
headed to layout on the beach :) 
bout to sing some karaoke with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
oops !! some how i took the wrong road and ended up quite a bit out of the way !! 
Homework sucks and it sucks more when i'm not even home !! Who wants to do homework when they are out of town ?! LOL 
sittin in class , bored !! 
what goes around comes around ! :) u'll get yours ! 
? I wanna hold you baby right or wrong , Build a world around a country song , Pray a sweet prayer follow you there , Down in history ; I wanna love like < PROPFIRST > and June , Rings of fire burnin ' with you , I wanna walk the line , walk the line , Till the end of time ? 
hmm a nice relaxing night of pre- season football and tennis !! 
on the road headed back to indy ! bet < PROPFIRST > is tired of puttin up with my slow ass , lol ! 
sittin by the fire havin a strong ass drink with some great friends :) 
Love the start of Football Season !! Colts @ 1 :) 
????? Sometimes things need to fall apart to fall into place ????? 
who knew you could cut up an ass and eat it ~ lex refering to a rump roast ! 
Can't stand worthless POS fathers !! Your kids deserve so much better ! 
Lookin ' like a beautiful day :) 
~ Let's fly away with halos and wings ~ 
went to the fair tonight and had a great time ... lol < PROPMALE > was calling the sheep , camels for some reason !! 
lmao , i was just changing my belly ring and < PROPFEMALE > was tryin to get me to put an earring in her belly ... too funny !! 
:) 
Just me and my < PROPFEMALE > today ... what to do ? 
going out on the bike with < PROPFEMALE > in a bit , cant't wait ! 
????? Don't wait for the perfect moment , take the moment and make it perfect ????? ~ fun day at the zoo ~ and old mcdonalds ~ 
Give me a Saturday night my baby by my side\ 
A little < PROPMALE > Jr. and a six pack of lights\ 
Old dirt road and ill be just fine\ 
Give me a Sunday morning that full of grace\ 
A simple life and I'll be okay\ 
Here in small town USA 
Snuggled up with my babies watchin nemo :) 
grouchy ! 
air phone kisses ~ lol 
Play one that we can dance to , Start up a romance to , \ 
Make it pretty simple so we all can sing along , \ 
While cruisin ' with the top down , crank it up real loud \ 
A groovy little summer song 
Ridin with my girl tomorrow evening ! :) 
the only thing I'm sure of .. is that nothing is for sure ... 
flippin stressed !! 
RAFA all the way this year !! 
Happy September :) 
aggravated ! 
Feel like poo today :( and really tired ! 
What does a fish say when it swims into a wall ?..... ' DAM ' lol stole this from someone but i thought it was cute and funny :) 
Steel < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow night :) 
My little < PROPFEMALE > is doing so good with using the potty lately :) So proud of her !! 
had a fun night lastnight ! 
Nice day today .... just sooo freaking tired from yesterday ! Nice night by the fire too :) 
o what to do today ?! 
Missin my babies sooo much :( going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my daddy tonight ! 
Happy Birthday To My Dad !! 
missed my babies sooo much .... we are gonna watch cars .. lol love that movie ! 
fingers crossed !! gosh I really need this !! 
i feel sooo sick .... ugh ! 
you gotta play the cards you got\ 
who knows what fate is holding\ 
at times you gotta go\ 
without knowing where your going 
mmmm got some brownies in the oven ! :) sounds like a nice snack for the night to me ... mmmm and some milk too ! 
Busy busy weekend ahead ! 
not the start of this game i was hoping for !! 
Brianna : WOOHOO We going shopping bubby !! \ 
Noah : NO !!!! I can't want to go shopping !! \ 
( She isn't even 3 yet and looooves to shop !! and he already hates it !! lol ) 
lots to do today ! Big race tonight ! I cant wait :) 
Has def been happier !!! Lets go < PROPFIRST > Dossey !!! 
My little < PROPFEMALE > is having her 3rd Birthday Party today !! She wont be 3 till tomorrow tho ! Lets Go Boys in Blue !! Hope I can catch all of the game b4 I have to go set up for the party ! 
Thank you so so much to all of my friends and family who came out to < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party ! She had a blast and says ' thank you sooo much ' :) 
I been waitin all day for sunday night , lol Go Cowboys :) 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > !! Can't believe you are 3 already , gosh time flies !! 
rafa nadal just won his first ever US open !!! 
.... waiting .... 
is trying really really hard to not have a break down , but I feel one coming on !! 
????? let's see what today holds ????? 
is about to jump in my car and drive far far away !!! UGHHHHH 
gonna have a GREAT weekend with my bestest !! :) <3 
Happy Birthday to my mom ! 
I'm in <3 \ 
mmm pumpkin spiced latte's r good !!! 
Shake it like a salt shaka !!! <3 dt with my soul mate !! xoxo 
Wish I could be at the Colts game tonight !! Lets do this Peyton , show little brother what its all about ! :) 
haha i <3 my friends :) 
Today's the day !! Hope I do good :) 
mmmm garlic and shrimp linguini for dinner :P 
If it looks like a frog , it hops like a frog , and it croaks like a frog . I don't care how many times you put a crown on it & kiss it ... it will still be a frog . 
nothing like waking up and listening to your 3 year old whine , cry , and scream ALL morning !! 
RAIN , I almost forgot what you are !! 
classes start tonight ! whoohooo can barely control my excitement !! lol 
dang survivor has some really good looking guys on it this year , lol 
Anyone with small babys on my FB .. and your baby is using Similac powder formula . It has a HUGE recall right now ... Beetles and their eggs have contaminated it ... Get on Similac.com/recall/lookup to check the lot number you have .. infected formula is causing lots of belly aches in the little ones ... :( hope this doesnt affect anyone ! 
Today is offically fall and its 90 degrees out there !! 
I feel a cold coming on :P Ugh welcome fall and all you bring with you !! NOT ! 
yep i def think i am sick !! ugh i hate when the weather changes :( i want it to stay warm all year round !! 
good food + best friend + the loves of our lives + a movie = a great night ! :) 
wooo < PROPFIRST > collie has had a GREAT game :) 
sick 
~ just living in the moment babe ~ 
~ go packers ~ 
~ Baby let's roll with it , sometime you gotta go with it ~ 
been a busy busy productive day ! :) 
pizza and cheesecake for dinner :) sounds healthy ... lol missed my babies ! 
anyone wanna do my homework for me ?! 
not in a very good mood today :/ 
longhorns !! 
~ even on my weakest days I get a little bit stronger ~ 
Ahhhh Football Sundays !!! :) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is freaking AMAZING :) 
I hate nail biter games ... then to lose sucks !! O well we got this ! :) 
i like it on the bedroom floor 
made cookies with the babies ... took awhile but we got it done :) 
Life is a roller coaster ride\ 
Time Turns The Wheel and Love Collides\ 
Faith is believing you can close your eyes and touch the sky\ 
Shine while you have the < PROPMALE > to shine\ 
Laugh even when you want to cry\ 
Hold on tight to what you feel inside and ride 
got the kiddos the flu-mist today .... it was so simple , we were in and out in no time ! 
:) Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass , It's learning to dance in the rain (: 
Oh a 3 year olds attitude is the best ...... NOT ! 
~ Don't dwell on who let you down , < PROPFEMALE > those who hold you up ~ 
Garage sale today , tomorrow , and saturday 
camping this weekend .......? hmmmm ....!? 
this little old guy came to our garage sale today and was telling me he has been married for 42 years and it was the best decision he had ever made ...... how sweet :) I <3 old people who are still in love ! 
headed out to the campground later ! :) 
AHHH I have the bestest friend in the whole wide world :) <3 ya < PROPFEMALE > and thank you !! :) 
~ Learn to love the flaws that you see within yourself , as they are often the unique characteristics that other people love most about you ~ 
my < PROPFEMALE > has pneumonia .... :( poor baby ! 
hope we dont have to have an ER run ..... cant get brinana's fever down !! 
It's the simple thigs in life that bring a smile to my face :) 
I made some kick ass dinner tonight ! 
I hope my < PROPFEMALE > wakes up tomorrow and is feeling better :( 
is it friday yet ? :) 
just got brinnas fever down .... it went up to 104 ! Its down to 98.8 now ! I feel so bad for her :( 
takin sis back to the dr for the 3rd time at 2 ! 
Fake (+) (+) ~ Perfect ( o)(o ) ~ Perky (*)(*) ~ Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas \\o/ \\o/ ~ Big ( • )( • ) or small (.) (.) ~ Save Them All !!! REPOST for Breast Cancer Awareness !! 
Off to my interview :) 
never settle for less than you deserve 
Let's kick some redskins A$$ 
? each days a gift and not a given right , leave no stone unturned , leave your fears behind ? 
Gonna make some banana bread :) 
<3 find someone worthy of your love , who will treat you with the same amount of respect and love you give them , because not everyone deserves your love <3 
Being happy doesn't mean everything's perfect , it means you've decided to see past the imperfections and accept the parts you cannot change 
lost ! 
6 inches :( 
wish i knew how to hook my laptop up to my tv ! 
Aggravated !!! 
~ life's not the breath you take\ 
The breathing in and out\ 
That gets you through the day\ 
Ain't what it's all about\ 
You just might miss the point\ 
Trying to win the race\ 
Life's not the breaths you take\ 
But the moments that take your breath away ~ 
its funny how i am always smiling at my phone ..... like a big dork !! :) 
gosh i have been in a mood all day ! 
Pumpkin : Give me another drink ! Bartender : No way , Jack-I can see you're lit already and I don't want you to get smashed ! 
kids aren't stupid , they see you for who you really are ! 
what if ..........? 
I don't wanna brag ... but i'm awsome :) 
o my goodness my sisters keeper had my eyes flowing with tears the whole movie ... what a sad , sad movie ... but good at the same time ! 
feelin ' so fly like a G6 ..... like a G6 
i <3 being me , it pisses off all the right people :) 
I run from hate , I run from prejudice\ 
I run from pessimists , but I run too late\ 
I run my life or is it running me , run from my past\ 
I run too fast or too slow it seems 
ahhh its friday !! nothing like being woke up at the butt crack of < PROPFEMALE > when i could have still been sleeping :) jk ! 
what to do tonight ?! 
~ Even on my weakest days , I get a little bit stronger ~ 
It kills me how full of shit some people are 
.... wait do you hear that ....? Downtown Indianapolis is so calling my name tonight ! 
Takin my babies trick or treating 
yay start the new job November 10 !! 
ugggghhh !! get over yourself ! 
Are you ready for some football ?! Let's GO Boys in Blue , show them texans how it's done in INDY !! 
haha the texans look like crap !! :) 
My sissy is going to do fall pictures with the kiddos and I tomorrow !! 
has been freezing all day and still can't get warm !!! 
~ Each of us represents a < PROPFEMALE > in Heaven . Sometimes we shine with the rest , sometimes we twinkle alone , and sometimes ... when we least expect it , we make someone else's dreams come true ~ 
sooo < PROPFEMALE > decided she didnt like having her picture taken .... hope we got something good from her , < PROPMALE > did great !! he is such a little camera ham ! 
wish i was going to zac brown tonight :( 
I hate this whole looking for a babysitter thing !! Wish I could just find someone I know , it would make this so much less stressful !! 
spending my friday night snuggled in bed with my book !! gonna try to finish it tonight :) 
whatever you do in life will be insignificant , but it's very important that you do it , because nobody else will 
brianna : mom you got boobs !! me : yeah you will get some one day . brianna : maybe i will get some tomorrow !!? There is never a dull moment talking to her , LOL 
~ Date night with the bestest !! Dinner and doing hair ... lol kinda like the old days !! ~ 
fun filled busy day !! Going to see Megamind , then a late lunch , followed by the COLTS game :) 
tough loss .... manning didnt seem to be in the game tonight .... 
my phone is a pos ... ugh i need a new one ! 
< PROPFIRST > Liggett wherever you are out there < PROPMALE > , I have 3 movies for us to see !!! Better be making some time < PROPMALE > !! LOL 
work , school , and CMA's .... tomorrow is going to be a busy busy day , but I can't wait for it !! ( o: 
Busy busy day , cant wait for the CMA's tonight :) 
ugh such a long day and I still have awhile to go !! Atleast the CMA's will be on :) I'm pooped ! 
awww < PROPMALE > paisley is so adorable ... 
Thank you to all the veterans out there :) and happy birthday O O !! 
what can you add to a bath for achy muscles ? I am soooo sore :( 
Cant wait to watch a movie with my babies :) 
Poor miss tinkerbell ... we will miss you :( 
~ chili and football ~ 
HAHA thanks Bangles we will take the ball AGAIN !! 
Breezy rep two up , two down\ 
But im just puttin two up , chuckin up the deuce now 
~ everyone seems to be playing this Q&A game , so i guess i'll play along too ... inbox me a \ 
question and I'll answer it on my status ~ 
Q : boxers or briefs ? \ 
A : boxer-briefs ;) 
Q : Do you think I would look hot in boxer-briefs\ 
A : Most definitely ! 
Q : Hunting w/ me ? \ 
A : Sounds like a fun experience !! If I could get away for 2 weeks , but that isn't possible ! 
~ everyone seems to be playing this Q&A game , so i guess i'll play along too .... inbox me a question and i'll answer it on my status ~ 
Q : heads or tails ( penny)\ 
A : tails never fails 
Q : have u ever faked an O ? \ 
A : wouldn't you like to know ... haha 
Q : did u check out my butt the other night ? \ 
A : i admit i do check out the booties ... lol but no i didnt the other night , sry ! 
the best part of waking up is folgers in your cup !! 
Dear weather , im over it being cold out !! Cant we comprimise ?! 
what do you want ?! 
Blue Friday !! :) 
Uggggh 465 pisses me off ... wtf why am i completly stopped ? 
The American flag does not fly because the wind moves past it-The American flag flies from the last breath of each , military member who has died protecting it 
Excited for today .... promised my son < PROPMALE > e cheese and then the game :) woo hoo GO COLTS !! 
~ who needs a knight in shining armor ... i'm thinking more of a redneck romeo ~ 
Look out Brady ... Freeney has a sack with your name ALL over it !! Had a blast at < PROPMALE > e cheese with the kiddos .. we were there for 4 1/2 hours !! :D 
think i may watch taken tonight .... how is this movie ? 
I TOLD YA'LL FREENEY HAD A SACK WITH BRADY'S NAME ON IT !!! 
WTF was that ?! OMG 
Thanksgiving is one of my favorite holidays .... mmmm I <3 food and can't wait !! Plus I have a special guest visiting :) 
bahahahah .. 
I accept my past knowing that without having lived through it , I would have never learned what I truly deserve in my future ! 
ugh .. super super stressed :( 
hopefully tomorrow will be better !! :) I get to see my < PROPFIRST > , so that helps !! 
sick and tired of all the BS !! 
headed to ft wayne ... happy thanksgiving everyone !! 
partay tonight :) it's been too damn long !! 
ugh full day of recovery needed after lastnight !! o my goodness ... hope i can make it through the colts game ! 
wowwwzers !! 
~ when it rains it pours ~ 
Could Mother Nature please hit Menopause so we can have a hot flash ?! 
I am thankful for best friends ..... they are always lookin out !! <3 ' s ya miss < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
i'm mad for having to be < PROPFEMALE > this year ..... i want credit for what i'm getting my son !! lol 
Nice day at work today .... I was in a great mood and I didn't get much done :) haha 
Change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on fb till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
what to do tonight ...... 
Colts n the Cowboys :) wooohoo 
b-dubbs in avon for the game :) love u cowboys but GO COLTS !! :) 
wooohooo bitches !!! 
the nfl refs can suck one !!!! 
this mommy misses her babies .... can't wait to see them toight !! 
~ Damn , it feels good to be me ~ 
thank you car for deciding to break :( 
Gosh I <3 < PROPFIRST > Aldean ..... HE IS SOOOOOOO SEXY !!! 
number game ..... anyone ? 
22310- Such a sweet girl with a big heart . You moved away to Plainfied :( but you were always sure to tell my daddy to tell me you said hi when you saw him ... and I always got the messages from him !! 
404- We used to live in the same neighborhood back in the day .... one of the memories that stands out most is one time you gave me one of your barbies or something like that ... lol 
04- only seen you a couple times but they were great nights full of aa-aa-aa-cohol ... lol fun nights :) 
301- hmmmm well ... you are adorable and i love talking to you ... you type a million < PROPMALE > a second when we do chat and that cracks me up . I wish you still lived in indy bc the one night we < PROPMALE > out was a blast and I wouldn't change one thing about it ..... even playing on the ice and getting yelled at by fat cops !! LOL 
024- a best friend of mine !! Gosh I could write pages on us ... first off I don't see you enough and that needs to change !! I miss the good ol ' softball days !! Riding around with you and your daddy was some of the best times of my middle school and early high school days :) 
1186 -- still getting to know you .. seems everytime we < PROPFEMALE > out I am extremely tired and i'm sorry for that !! o yeah you are a 49ers fan 
639- softball , softball .... austin lakes !! lol You have a beautiful family and I am so jealouls of the relationship you have with your hubby , one day i hope to have that as well !! One day we will have to get the kiddos together to play !! 
867- i def remember the pink team too ... and the < PROPFEMALE > dusters team ... lol lots of softball memories !! You were are a great player and I enjoyed playing with you ! I wish you and your hubby the best !! 
3- you and i were both friends with jessica ... who i miss very much ! I remember having choir together and you and i could always talk rather easily . 
422- i think we used to ride the bus together ... lol i remember coming over to your house and baking cookies on the stone , and i had never seen one of those b4 !! 
371- you took what i was going to say ... lol getting pulled over for ' street racing ' i didnt even know you were beside me ... lmao dumb avon cops !! 
8008- you want me to post this because 8008 looks like boob ... lol you are one of the funniest people i know and i love talking to you bc i literally laugh the whole time .... i havent seen you in forever and we have to get together soon !!! miss ya !! 
21-too many memories of things not suitable for fb !! that is all i have to say !! lol 
16- haha wow we had a lot of fun times in hs .... lindsey and < PROPFIRST > and courtney .... i remember coming over to your house quite a bit after school and hanging out ... christmas at the zoo ... choir ... ps you cant move away !!!! 
20-hmmm always thought you were hott .... but who didnt !! I dont know you to well to put much in here ... but aparantly people think we are talking ! lol 
I have tons of kids shoes .... if anyone knows someone who needs size 4-5 toddler girls or size 9-10 little boys shoes I have some !! 
3- haha you lived down the road from me .... we only partied a couple times ... but it was fun !! I loved stayin over at your house back in the day ... lol you loved us girls !! You were so quiet then ! 
parmesan chicken for dinner tonight :) mmm i'm hungry !! 
6- .. too many thoughts going through my head right now !! Where can I find you ?! LOL 
ok ... went shopping tonight and my son was def trying to pull the underwear off the mannequin !!! LOL he is ALL boy all right !! 
is NFL network the only channel broadcasting the game tonight ? 
COLTS COLTS COLTS !!! better get this WIN !!! 
The Boys Are Lookin ' Great Tonight :) 
snuggled up with the 2 best snugglers in the world watchin a christmas < PROPFIRST > :) 
Going with my sister , nephew , and kiddos to have breakfast with the ol ' jolly fat man !! 
hah so this dork lost her phone will somone call it for me ?! LOL 
Nice cold night to snuggle up in bed and watch movies :) 
off to make < PROPFEMALE > bread houses !! all the kiddos are soooo excited !! lol 
sittin in my sisters car freezing to death ... waitin on gas !!!!! lmao !! 
I Want a little more right and a little less left\ 
Little more right now , a little less what's next\ 
Act like tomorrow's ten years away\ 
And just kick back and let the feelin ' flow 
< PROPFIRST > Otto .... Dec 17th .... anyone wanna go ? 
Still hunting for a date friday night !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !! 
When the tone goes off at 1:00 in the morning , or anytime , a medic , volunteer firefighter , EMT , or rescue person is startled awake , jumps out of bed , gets dressed , and is en-route . Regardless of the hour , the weather conditions , the holiday or event - when needed , they promptly respond . Put this as your status for a while , if you are an emergency responder , know one or if you love one ! Thank you for all you do 
mmmmm homemade stuffed mushrooms for lunch ! 
8 seconds <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > <3 
Had a blast lastnight !! <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > then brip .... yep it was fun ! 
8 seconds again tonight for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday :) 
COLTS COLTS COLTS !!! Anything goingo on for the game today ?! 
b-dubs !! go colts !!! 
they boys are back and looking great !!!! 
prayers for collie !!! poor guy ! 
missed my babies soooo sooo much .... i was feeding them dinner and < PROPMALE > says ' mommy you're beautiful ' he is gonna make such a great boyfriend/husband some day !! he knows how to keep the ladies happy !! 
Whew 2 meltdowns down , im sure several to come !!! Lol 
my computer is running really slow :( 
~ makin nanner bread with the munchkins ~ 
BUBBLEGUM 
Christmas at the zoo !!! 
homework sucks :( 
Collie's out for the season :( 
Had fun at monster golf today ! 
Busy , busy day !!! Last minute shopping is gonna suuuuck !! But i get to play < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! So excited ! 
kiddos got cookies made for < PROPFEMALE > , and they each wrote her a little note .... almost ready for the jolly woman to stop by our house tonight ;) 
???? *?°.?* .? ° ?. *?* < PROPFEMALE > *?* ? * ?. \ 
? °_ ?? _ *.?* . / ? \\ .? * .??.?. *.?* Christmas * ? ? *\ 
?. (´• ? •) *.?*/ ?.? \\*?.* ? _ ? _____ .? to you and your families ? ? * ? *\ 
. °( . • . ) ? ° . /• ' ? ' • \\.?* . /______/ ~?* . ? *.??* ?. * ? \ 
*(...'•' .. ) * ??????? ° .??? ???????? * ? .? * ....... 
:( my daughter completly broke my heart tonight :( 
Colts Colts Colts !!!! WooHoo !! 
Wooohooo Peyton ..... atta boy !!! Lmao !!! 
Had a great christmas ! I am thankful for my wonderful friends and family ! <3 you all ! 
i do not understand this zhu zhu pets thing ...... if anyone does please explain !!! 
only took me about 3 hours to get all the kids toys open and all the christmas gifts put away !!! whew ... that was crazy ! 
Childrens Museum today :) yay ! 
~ when in doubt let your instincts guide you ~ 
shopping with my princess .... noah wants to play video games , so he didnt come ! 
:/ 
I guess if you dont jump youll never know if u can fly ..... u said i wouldnt get to far on a tank of gas and an empty heart , but i got everything ill ever need ! 
<<<<<< is going to the COLTS game SUNDAY !!! WoooHooo can't wait !! 
Startin to get shitty !! Where is the power ?! 
Wooohoo what a great game !!! Had a blast !! Now sitting in a parking garage not moving !! 
my phone is on its last leg i think .... ugh 
i'm thinking disney on ice for < PROPMALE>'s birthday gift .... he would LOVE it ! 
Thank you so so much to all of my wonderful fb friends and family for all the birthday wishes today !! 
~ jersey shore ~ 
Seems like people get lost talkin’ ’bout some day \ 
Something better will come and take them away \ 
Never realize ’til it’s too late \ 
It’s the simple things that make life worthwhile \ 
Like a warm summer day or a laughin’ child \ 
Or how it makes me feel just to see you smile 
BCS !! 
can't freaking wait for tonight !! :) COLTS game , birthday party ..... woohooo !! 
???????????????????????? \ 
Keep it going ! ;-))) 
....... Wow .......... speachless 
BR .... last call my ass !!!!!! 
Needs someone to take care of her ...... ugh i feel horrible 
I am about fed up with internet explorer ... what else is good besides firefox ... i dont like that one ! 
urgg ... annoyed !! 
f * you snow !! f * you cold weather !! 
So there are these 2 ducks in our neighborhood that are always in the street .... so when i drove by them today i rolled down my window and told them to move , well the came right up to me and were quacking at me , so i went home to get some bread for the kids to feed them and they were taking the bread right out of the kids ' hands .... it was cute ! They have to be freezing !! LOL 
Think i'm gonna suck it up and take the kids sledding today ......... MAYBE , just got to get motivated to spend an hr gettin them dressed !!! 
Can't get warm today :( 
Stir fry chicken n shrimp for dinner and double chocolate ghiradelli brownies for dessert ... mmmm m\ 
m mmm 
you and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . 
sent out tons of clinical applications today !! geeeze what a headache ! 
got my fingers crossed so so tightly !! I need change and I need it asap !! 
~ Jersey Shore ~ 
i'm so ready for the weekend .... gonna relax and watch football :) 
my kids have a new addiction .... it's called \megamind\ " they have watched this movie a good 6 times in the last 24 hours !! It's such a good movie and mommy gets some quiet time :) " 
I feel like such an old woman going to bed this early on a friday night , but I have been soooo tired lately ! 
urggg i hate my phone !!!!! 
Ravens or Steelers ? 
Packers or Falcons ? 
yay for the steelers !! :) i love how < PROPMALE > always has a smile on his face !!! 
yay sunday , yay football !! :) 
come on seahawks !! 
Go Jets ...... upset those Pats :) 
bye bye < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !! haha 
No matter who you are , or where you've been , or where you think you are going ... It's Never To Late To Change ! <3 
If ever in doubt that you're someones hero . Look into the eyes of your children . 
yay !! got tickets for toy story 3 on ice !! I think i'm more excited than the kids :) 
~ smile until it hurts , laugh until you cry , love like you never have been broken , pray with faith , live in the moment , remember the good times , and let go of the bad ~ 
I am sooo over winter .... I just want it to be warm so I can go CAMPING !!!! 
Dear Snow : You were great but it's just not going to work out between us . There's someone else . His name is Spring .... and well , hes hotter than you ! 
who said nights were for sleep ? 
soooo outta shape ! treadmill kicked my bootay !! 
? This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time ? 
I think I've become a complete twilight freak ... love it ! 
Fun , Fun weekend starts today !!! Toy Story 3 tonight with my babies and some friends ..... then football Sunday !!! ( ps .... you're going down !! ) !! Go Steelers ~ 
cute show , and the kids had a blast !! sittin in the parking garage not moving ... then home to read and watch tennis :) 
Today is the day .... da-da-da !!! It is so on and I cannot wait !! HAHA 
hmmmm .... all you bears fans are awfully quiet out there !! 
Had a great time tonight .... and the steelers won as I said they would :) 
hopeful ...! :) 
Some people make your life better just by walking into it . Others make your life better by walking out of it . 
I cannot believe my little boy is going to be 5 tomorrow !!! My goodness they grow so fast and time just flies by !! 
on the hunt for a super < PROPFIRST > brothers cake ! 
happiness sometimes just happens and if you don't take the risk you will never know what you could have had :o ) 
yay got the job !! thanx for the help dad ! 
happy 5th birthday to my baby boy !!! 
I need some mommy time !! Whew I have cranky kids today !! 
hahahahaha seriously woke up to a hilarious video in my e-mail ..... thanks that def made my day !! lmao 
Having my little man's birthday party today at 1 !!! 
I think < PROPMALE > got all that he wanted for his birthday and then some !! Thank you to everyone who came to his party and for all of his gifts !! Its just to bad he still hasn't heard from ' someone ' to tell him happy birthday yet !! 
~ sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down ~ 
spent an hour building some batman lego thing that says easy building for 4+ .... no 4 year old I know could have gotten that thing together !!! false advertisement !! 
~ your imperfections are what make you beautiful ~ 
~ ventured out into this ice storm and survived !! it was all worth it tho , had a great night ~ 
~ making a good dinner ... just wish someone could be here to share this cold icy day with me ~ 
~ If everything happened when and how we wanted , nothing would be worth waiting for ~ 
.... is EXPECTING AGAIN !! I know , I know it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting AGAIN !! Yup it's official . We are expecting * sNoW * AGAIN today and tomorrow !! ** Re-post if you have any sense of humor !! ** LmAo * 
def just cleared all the ice off my car with a butter knife !! 
has a busy busy weekend planed and can't wait to get it started !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > 
ATTENTION DAD ...... I am going to try to venture out in this CRAP if I get stuck I am calling you to come save me ...... thanks ! 
STEELERS !!!!!! 
why did the weekend have to end ? I have to say it was great , minus the packers winning ! 
Watchin ' < PROPFIRST > Bieber on < PROPFEMALE > with my princess ..... she likes him . Wishin ' I didn't feel like poo tho :( 
yay !!! woke up to my son having the stomach flu ! 
t-shirt time , snickerdoodle cookies ,........ hmmmmm what's missing ?! 
little man is back to himself and pickin ' on his sister like no other today .... lol guess he had a whole day of pickin ' on her to make up for !! 
~ Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end ~ 
Hope everyone has had a wonderful < PROPFIRST>'s Day , I know I did .... minus my car deciding to fart out on me !! But other than that ... it was a great day ! 
i have a sick < PROPFEMALE > today :( hope i don't get this crap !! 
Such a BEAUTIFUL day !!! 
Yay car is feelin better ! Thanx pops ! 
has an ihop date tonight :) 
so < PROPMALE>'s gone ..... not much changed considering he was always on the bench ! 
Omg the < PROPFEMALE > is so beautiful tonight !! 
Miserable , tired , sore , and thirsty ..... ugh i hate the stomach flu 
i have an awesome boyfriend , doing the best he can to make me feel better today ! 
Fun fun day today , tooooo bad it went by way so fast !! Startin new job tomorrow , woohoo ! 
i'm pooped ! 
horrible day , and it doesn't look like its going to get much better anytime soon !! 
little man is registered for t-ball 
Why is it when i try to take a nice relaxing bath , does my son decide he needs to go poop ? Urrggg 
how is it 38 degrees and thunderstorming ? kinda crazy ! 
Today's goal ..... don't die !! 
My < PROPFEMALE > is the bestest !! < PROPFIRST > Aldean , here we come .... is it may yet ? Lol 
ihop date 
Date night tonight .... too bad we still havent decided what we are doing ! LOL Guess I'm not much of a planner :) ~ Thanks bestest for takin the kiddos for us ! 
Had an amazing weekend !! Can't wait ' till I can spend every weekend with my man !! 
ooooooober excited for tomorrow ! 
applied for a new place to live today !! fingers crossed for me and my babies :D 
mmmmm thanks momma #2 for the yummy drink :) enjoying a nice hot toddy !! 
ugh it has been a horrible day ..... hopefully tonight gets better !!! 
Been lazy with my baby alllllll morning and lovin it ! 
If you choke a smurf what color does it turn ? 
i hate when the weekend flies by ..... it was a wonderful weekend tho !! 
<3 :) 
~ Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass , It's about learning to dance in the rain ~ 
ughhh can this day just end already ?!!! 
Found an apartment in plainfield !! Pretty darn excited ! 
Karaoke with the fam .... lol my kids love to sing and this is way better than class ! 
I don't wanna brag , but I have the best boyfriend EVER !! :) Thank you for always being there when I need ya < PROPFIRST > Hensley <3 
gonna snuggle up with the babies and watch gnomeo and juilet !! they <3 this movie !! 
I feel like we just can't stay healthy around here !!! 
... So the US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals ... I invite Any of you to start your protest in my front yard !!! and we can see if your first amendment is better than my Second Amendment ... Repost if you feel the same ( you people who protest military funerals are absolutely pathetic and heartless ! ) 
Mars needs moms in imax 3D with my babies and my man ! 
wishin ' it was friday :( 
Happy st pattys day everyone !!! Takin my babies to the park then home to cornedbeef dinner :) 
So proud of my baby girl !! She is finally all potty trained !!! A little bit late , but we got there ! 
spending the weekend with my <3 
much needed girls night dt :) 
Yummy ribeye dinner with pasta and salad ..... and cake for dessert !! Needless to say im stuffed 
Discover Yourself 
It feels so nice to have such a wonderful person in my life , thank u so so much lee .... love you !!! 
moscato ... check , kids in bed early .... check , mommy time with a book ..... getting there :) thank god it is the weekend , i was starting to become a crabby bia ! 
OMG something is wrong with me !!! I actually just worked on homework and it isnt due till tues night ..... i alway wait till last minute to get homework done ..... hmmm ? 
Snuggled up with my <3 s watchin UP 
had a great time with my boyfriend and his family tonight :) 
my little < PROPFEMALE > has pink eye :( 
It doesn't matter where you go , what you do , or how much you have in life ... what matters is who you have beside you along the way 
:) i kicked a gangsta sliding down a hill because big bird said to and he's my leader :) 
find arms that will HOLD u at your weakest , eyes that will SEE u at ur ugliest , and a heart that will love you at your worst . when u do u have found TRUE LOVE 
I dont understand why my son has a fever and thats it ...... no sore throat , tummy ache , nothing but a fever of about 101 
can't wait to spend the weekend with my love <3 < PROPFIRST > Hensley 
Hop with my babies and my man !! O yeah and our his n hers shoes lmao !! <3 
Gotta rush home after work to get my lil man ready for baseball practice :) he is soooo excited ! 
? I AM A HANDFUL , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle , but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . Thanks to those who accept me for who I am ? 
super stressed + super tired = not a good combo !!! :/ URGGGH 
tooooo early for baseball !! < PROPMALE > is excited tho 
3 lovely gifts waiting for my kids and i in my car this morning ! You sure know how to bring smiles to all of our faces :) 
Take me away , A secret place , \ 
A sweet escape , Take me away , \ 
Take me away , to better days , \ 
Take me away , A higher place 
Turkey run with my loves <3 havin a great day 
i'm so burnt and sleepy and sore .... but had such a wonderful day with my kiddos and < PROPFIRST > Hensley !! Def gonna have to go out to turkey run more often !! 
Salary of the US President ... $ 400,000 . Salary of retired US Presidents ... $ 180,000 . Salary of House/Senate ... $ 174,000 . Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 . Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 . Average US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . HELLO ! I think we found where the cuts should be made ! If you agree re-post !!! 
tired of feeling like poo :( 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her ......... Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence & Mental Abuse 
who knew allergies could make you feel soooo crappy ?! 
i just wanna feel better ! :( 
Hope everyone enjoys this beautiful day , bc the rain is supposed to be moving in tonight !! 
...... drained :/ 
Got my hair did today , now doin laundry with my babay then out to dinner later :) 
Where is my energy ? Can't seem to find it lately , just feels like I can't get enough rest ! 
The storm is here !! 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN . ( 1 ) FINE - this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are RIGHT & YOU need to SHUT UP . ( 2 ) NOTHING - means SOMETHING & u need to be WORRIED . ( 3 ) GO AHEAD - this is a dare , not permission , DO NOT DO IT . ( 4 ) WHATEVER - is a woman's way of saying \F\ " YOU . ( 5 ) THAT'S OK - she is thinking long & hard on HOW & WHEN you will pay for your mistake . Re-post if u agree !! " 
gosh how long will I be sick for ? It has been almost 2 weeks that I have been feeling horrible !! 
Hahaha I asked < PROPMALE > what he hopes the easter < PROPFEMALE > brings him and he says ' a helment ( baseball ) for my big huge head ' lmao 
urggggh you never make an attempt to see your kids or even call them , then you wanna txt me the day b4 easter ( like we dont already have plans ) and expect to see them ..... mmmm I think NOT !!! what is wrong with people ?! 
I'm so greatful for all the wonderful people around me ! Had a great easter :) kids made out like bandits on the < PROPFEMALE > !! 
aggravated , frustrated , pissed ...... you name it !! 
I love finding flowers in my car :) 
.... lost ... 
Does good news exist anymore ? 
Oooo oooo startin a new job Monday !! Ooooober excited !! 
Its going to be a grrrrreat day :) 
Lovin my new phone !! 
Bubbas first game of the season 
Its that time of year again !! we are selling big yellow trash bags for baseball . Message me if u want some !!! 
Why do people think that just because they are driving others cant see them picking their noses ? ewww your windows are not blacked out people !! 
