Just got back from big birthday weekend in Vegas !!! Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! <3 

Everyone needs to get their ass over to my house for the parrrtaayyyy !!! 
Stat test .... eeeeks Stat test !!! just want to go the beach and chillax foreverrrrr 
I can't wait to go to the beach and feel warm and peaceful , letting all the anxiety evaporate into the ocean . 
Back from the beach ... it was so hard to leave 
back in OC for the weekend , who wants to chill w/me ? 
missing Marnee and loving her for letting us use her apartment to do homework in !! 
“I feel like you’re an island of reality in an ocean of diarrhea . \ - < PROPFIRST > Mraz " 
Being studious at Saxbys with Philly ladies -- so much better than starbucks !! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
I miss my camera :-( 
REALLY REALLY REALLY misses her camera and the amazing pictures from this past weekend that disappeared with it . :: cries :: 
Gold's Gym Broomall is closing ... there have been rumors forever , but now it's finally happening . Who will I make protein shakes for ? I'm going to miss all the wonderful people I met there . I made lots of great memories though , and it will always be a special place to me . So I guess now I need a new par t-t ime job ! Crap . 
wishes she had the money to buy a new camera 
has a new camera and is SOOOOOOOO excited about it !!! 
Going to the Virgin Islands with my best friend in exactly 1 month ! Can't wait for the sunnnnnnnn 
Dropped my stuff last night while dancing and lost my money and my camera battery . Sooooo typical . I might call the club to see if anyone found it . Highly doubtful . Found a new battery online for $7 , so that's good . 
Happy Turkey Day everyone !!! There are lots of corny things that I am thankful for , but the bottom line is that I feel very lucky to have so many wonderful people in my life who love me . <3 
hit a deer driving home today . Life isn't liking me right now 
someone messed with our snowman :-( . They took the hat , carrot , and buttons . Left the pink scarf for some reason tho .... cryptic 
So bummed I had to miss most of passover tonight due to a dickhead professor !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Chag Sameach L'Kulam . 
My phone's dead obv . Facebook msg or text/call < PROPFEMALE > to reach me 
In Vancouver , about to hop on a cruise to Alaska ! Glaciers , Water , and Whales , Oh my !!! Won't have internet access and my cell will be roaming whenever we're on the ship , so I'll get back to everyone Aug 9th when I get back <3 
On the bus to the rally ! Hopefully I'll be bringing back some sanity 
Note to all : my aol account was hijacked , so if you received an e-mail from AngelMAK13@aol.com in the past week , it wasn't from me ! 
in LA on business ... when did I become an adult ? Liking it :) 
Don't click that dislike button thingy . It's a hack . Sorry ! 
