I HATE the atlanta airport ! 

I will update my status at least twice a year ! 
Will not be voting for Obama in 2012 . Creating timelines based on political goals and elections will only get our troops killed . Nice job Commander in Chief 
Explain please : A man walks through a door , and they evacuate and inconvenience thousands of people . A bomb threat is called into a school , and everyone stays where they are . Does this make sense to everyone , or am I the crazy one ? 
And like that , the healthcare < PROPMALE > dies . Dirty politics just don't pay off . 
McCain in a moron , I'm sure glad he isn't our President . Anyone know when his next election is ? 
Anti-scalping laws ? Really Utah legislature ? Don't you have better things to do ? 
My prediction for the state of the union address : Lots of pretty words , few promises and no actual real substance . 
If the President was really interested in bipartisan talks , why is he introducing his < PROPMALE > before they happen ? Why not wait until the talks are over and present a truly bipartisan < PROPMALE > ? 
I think I'm turning into a Republican , I need an intervention ! 
My prediction for the Supreme Court case tomorrow : The 1982 law will be ruled unconstitutional in a 5-4 decision . 
Wow , the comments on KSL got so out of control that they had to turn them off . Way to go Utah ! 
Wow ! Check out Utah Senate < PROPMALE > 250 , Idiot < PROPMALE > Stephenson basically is saying that the people have no business getting involved in government . The best part is that it's already passed the Senate ! 
Vote for a liar ! < PROPMALE > 2010 ! 
Haha , \Churchislative\ " the coolest new word ever . " 
Pass or fail , Obama and Congress needs to move on from the Health Care thing and start addressing the issues that need addressing now . 9.7% unemployment comes to mind . 
Well it's done . I hope I'm wrong . Now that President Obama , Sen. < PROPMALE > , and Idiot Pelosi have ensured their places in the history books , maybe they will get back to the pressing issues of today . 
I'm curious , 58% of the country opposed the legislation . So if change comes from the bottom up(as the President suggests ) is the President and Congress at the bottom ? Or is it only the people that support the President that are at the bottom ? 
One last question , then I'm done with the healthcare issue . Everything I've read says that the < PROPMALE > only covers 30 out of the 45 million uninsured . What about the extra 15 million , are they unimportant ? Or is this one of the things they will \fix\ " later ? " 
Don't forget about the voting district caucuses tonight ! Help shape your parties platform ! 
Pretty easy to get elected as a Precinct Chair and Delegate when you're the only one who shows up for your precinct . Way to get involved Utah ! 
I sure wish we could get a President in this country , not some guy using Air Force One to run around campaigning . 
Here's an honest question for the hardcore Obama supporters out there : Why was student < PROPFEMALE > nationalization tacked on to the health care < PROPMALE > instead of discussed and passed on it's own merits ? Not trying to stir anything up , just wondering what the justification is . 
What the %^*& is going on in this country ? Pres . Obama is chanting \Drill baby Drill\ " and the Republicans are saying no ? Is this an elaborate April Fool's day joke ? " 
And now we're going to continue to be the leaders in space exploration by not exploring space , except when we hitch a ride with another country . Fantastic ! 
It's days like this that I'm glad I can take out my irritation on the idiots of the KSL forums . 
I do think we should all thank Arizona . They embarrassed themselves with this stupid law before Utah had a < PROPMALE > to . Although it probably only gave our idiot lawmakers ideas ... 
Shouldn't the Mexican president be more concerned about the mass exodus of his people to the US then the Arizona law ? I think the AZ law is BS , but shouldn't he be trying to get his country straightened out instead of coming here and whining ? 
If you live in Utah's 2nd congressional district , make sure you get out and vote for < PROPMALE > Matheson ! 
Happy Utah 4th of July ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes . It was a good day , mostly spent teaching idiots :) 
New phone , new phone number : 801-232-9241 
Oh well , another two years of Idiot < PROPMALE > as Gov . I'm wondering how that happened . I mean , alcohol and drugs use are frowned on in this state , so how could they possibly think he's a good Governor ? 
