nothin just chillin .... 

Just living one day at a time .... 
just chillin . hoping to have a great life soon ... lol .. dont we all 
just another day at work 
Life is so retarded . I can't believe I let it get this bad . 
Did anyone hear about what happened at a New Jersey Walmart ??????????????? 
I'm so tired , drove home from up north last night and got back at 3:00 am and now im at work at 8:30 am 
My hair is red now ..... 
men are so fucking stupid . 
i hope they all rot in hell 
All men ever do is play these high school games . no matter what age they are they dont care about shit unless it has to do with them . 
Life is great ... just living it up ... thats all that counts 
chillin chillin 
Just chillin at work . cant wait to get home and chill with < PROPFIRST > 
Just another day in the office ... lol .... just playing I cant wait for tomorrow its Jasons 26 birthday and i hope someone comes over ..... lol 
Chillin chillin . . its my mans bday party tonight ... some of his friends came by but no one is really here , thank god i said byob .... lol 
Just living .... thats all you can do these days living in Michigan ..... lol 
Im done with my schooling today . I will really miss the people who helped me get on my feet . 
Men are some ass holes . all they want is sex and if they dont get it they treat you like complete garbage .... life sucks i guess . 
It's funny how the littlest things can make a relationship turn .... 
Is having a great day . No drama . Thank you God . Even my bestest homie talked to me today . It was great hearing from an old friend . lol 
Living another day ... yay ... Just making it through is a great thing for me right now . 
Just chillin at home . wish i was somewhere warm .. lol 
Chillin Chillin ... bored as hell but im working so i cant be to bored .. lol 
Just chillin reconnecting with elementary school friends .... lol 
Fox 5 news reported : .... ATTENTION !!! DO\ 
NOT join the group currently on facebook with the title \Becoming a\ 
So I have discovered that no one is on farmville anymore .... lol 
She left him broke with his new truck he doesnt smoke but he lights one up temporary fix for his heartache hes doing bad but he's feeling great hes on the dance floor yelling freebird singing off pitch but he knows every word grabs him a girl and he holds on tight hes drinking every thing in sight hell fall apart when he gets home right now his worries are gone life looks good good good billys got his beer goggles on 
Unemployed and it sucks . I hate not being able to work at the place I love being at . This sucks I just hit rock bottom again . 
Had a great night last night with my home girl Sam ...... love ya 
Chillin at the school .... hoping to go back ... lol 
Blast factory tomorrow . Bring the kids and run their energy out ... 
Geezzz , man I think that I am going to stop talking on FB all together . All Myspace and Facebook do is cause issues between people . Everyone always takes shit the wrong way . 
Chillin Chillin looking for a jizob 
like this status and ill send you a message telling you a fond memory of us ... but if i send you a message you have to reply with a time you remember that you had fun ... copy/paste this if you want to reminiss with your friends ? 
Posted new pictures .... 
Don't judge someone cause you think your better then them ! 
I'm sick of bitches coming up on me saying shit about me . Mind your own and get back . First of all my business is none of yours and I really don't care about yours .. 
Going great today . Just wish I could get a job .... lol 
Chillin at the house today ... nothing to do but clean .... this sucks .... i hate washing dishes .... hehe 
livin for tonight ..... its a great night wish i was at the club 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > I got my first tattoo today !!!!!!!!!!!! yay .... 
is having a great day ... boring but great ... 
Why do people but on a front when they know something thats happening is a good thing ? 
Heeeeeeeeyyy aaayyy , every day is a revolution , welcome to the future .......!!!!! ~~~~ Brad Paisley 
Comment ca va ? 
Thank you everuone who wished me a happy birthday .... I wish it wasnt such a crappy day or else we would have had something to do ... lol 
Thank\ 
you everyone who wished me a happy birthday .... I wish it wasnt such a \ 
crappy day or else we would have had something to do ... lol 
DelAnn sent you a Zynga lotto ticket 
Chillin 
sitting at home not really doing anything just watching today ... 
So like we are out of power until Friday . This is a crock . Consumers Energy was working outside our house and they were shocked that we were all told Friday . Thats three days of no T.V. , no fans , no phones , nothing . Including showering at night ( when i like to ) .... eeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
So my neighbors and I complained so much to consumers energy that they came and turned our power on last night . They were working on power lines until 8:50 pm and then the lights came on . YAY 
So i just read the omaha world herald article about boys town . i am so disgusted that someone would say something so bad about a great place . even if the things they said happened boys town is still a great place . i dont care what the state says . 
So life is great ... its getting pretty cold outside and that really sucks .... Christmas shopping needs to be started .... NOW .... lol ... at least while the money is in the house ...... lol 
does anyone know the boys town high school phone number ?.... lol 
GO U of M .... we got this ... 
Im on my way to chicago .... i hope we win the football game ... go raiders .. 
Grcc won 54-14 
Does anyone have any Research paper ideas .... im drawing a blank ... lol 
Gin 
Happy thanksgiving everyone ... now that the day is over ... lol 
had thanksgiving dinner today with the fam .... it was great .... the turkey was nice and juicy 
Poppin bottles in the ice , like a blizzard\ 
When we drink we do it right gettin slizzard\ 
Sippin sizzurp in my ride , like Three 6\ 
Now I’m feelin so fly like a G6 
Have you ever sat down and took a look at your life and realized that \this isn't what you planned on having . \ " I have and I cry about the studpidest things in the world . I suffer from not being able to control my emotions and I hate it . I hear the littlest thing that triggers my emotions and I'm gone . I just hate having to look at my life and wonder what I can do for myself to make everything and everyone better . " 
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy , the best golfer is a black guy , the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese , the Swiss hold the < PROPFEMALE>'s Cup , < PROPFEMALE > is accusing the U.S. of arrogance , Germany doesn't want to go to war , and the three most powerful men in < PROPFEMALE > are named ' Bush ' , ' < PROPMALE>' , and ' Colon ' . - < PROPFIRST > Rock 
So tonight is going to be one of those nights where you just can't go back to sleep when someone wakes you up . Besides its been a really long day and I don't want to think about it . From now on I'm not going to thin about the past so much . I just wish it was really that easy . And god I haven't had cigs for days . Eeeerrrrr 
Boring day . Slept all day so I would be able to avoid the snow . 
I miss being able to < PROPFEMALE > out with who you want without being judged for it . It sucks . I miss my old friends . 
Tonight was the worst night ever . Hope it never happens again . I hate drunk people in my face . It sucks . And smells . Lol . Sorry < PROPFEMALE > . 
Tonight was the worst night ever . Hope it never happens again . I hate drunk people in my face . It sucks and smells . Sorry < PROPFEMALE > . 
Tonight was the worst night ever . Hope it never happens again . Sorry < PROPFEMALE > . 
J ' etudie la biologie , la francais , et la chimie . J'adore la francais . C'est interessante . Je n'aime pas la biologie et la chimie . C'est dificile . 
I love you < PROPFIRST > Brown .... Muh 
So I said that I could go to work tomorrow and I got excited but just found out that that there are no buses running that go to my job . Eerr . So sat here for the last hour trying to arrange a cab from the nearest location to my job . What a night . 
