Ready for basic training , cant wait to get the hell outa Indiana 

Ready to just bone someone for hours :) 
Back from BCT ready to have a little fun . 
Back in town for a little while 
So I was taking a shower today and I look up and the ceiling and its dripping what looks like blood . I get up in the attic and it was blood from a dead cat .... something mutilated the hell outa it . 
Well i am now officially bored . My knees just stopped hurting and im not tired anymore :( . If anyone wants to talk u know how to get a hold of me , if you dont then send me a message and I will get you my new number !!! 
Just watched no country for old men and i am very disapointed with the movie after the first 2/3 of it . Looking for something to make me happier now :( . 
Was just thinking some people have wierd turn ons .... example , I like the smell of lavender ? Anyone else have anything wierd like that ? 
The moment you all have been waiting for will happen tonight , I am puting some new pics on here since forever but sorry no pics of army uniform cause they all kinda suck !! 
Waiting on March 1st so I can start college . Until then I am free so better hop on it if you wanna do anything . 
Is it to much to ask to meet a woman who doesn't have a kid before the age of 21 .... like really keep it in ur pants or use some birth control or something 
Got my new labtop yay 
English composition done in one day ... love testing out of subjects :) 
About to go to greenwood mall . Call or text if important . 
I am no longer single anymore :) 
well im single again :) 
is moving April 17th WOOT WOOT !! 
This easter has sucked no candy .... no dinner or anything ..... would rlly like to go do something about now 
Isn't very happy today at all ... woke up in pain ... now in more pain .... sleeping maybe 2 hours a night is taking to much outa me .... i need someone here with me to make me feel better 
So I kinda miss not talking to one of my old friends ... I might just go over to see her today I haven't decided yet :) . 
Sigh I wanna go out on a date and just have a fun time :( 
Next class history of video games FUN !! 
is very sad < could use someone to talk to 
what to do when your parents put their hands on you ? I say shoot first ask questions later . I have a huge ass bite < PROPFIRST > from my mom cause she is a giant cunt . Not only that but arguing is just getting to the point were I just wanna slit her throat . Thoughts ? 
I have started this poke war and will win :) 
So one day I will be a big game designer . Until this day all shall worship me as there new hero ? Bored call or text 3174600066 
Ok so im back from Kings Island and my neck hurts . Was fun but never riding Diamondback again . 
New tattoo check it peeps 
Single and I already have a date set up was easier then I thought :) 
Brains wandering .... things are swirling ..... im so sad and upset and dont know what to do !?! 
Tired and happy I get a day off on Sunday 
So I got my apt reserved and what not amazing one bedroom loft 
Saturday new place and room mate ..... should be fun and interesting 
These truck companies make me so angry all saying oh we will have your truck ready at 8 am then giving it to someone else ... they can go fuck themselves in the ass 
Girls are like knives , they stab and cut with no remorse . Every girl is the same non are different . Catch me on the flip side of things hopefully !!! 
So ya ITS MY SEX AND I NEED IT NOW !!! 
I feel left out .... everyone I know who is my age already is married , has a perm . girlfriend , or has kids .... when is it my turn huh 
So I am trying to find a date for my birthday that is coming up on the 21st . If anyone is interested send me a holla ! 
