Great way to start the morning . I doze off at work , and wake myself up with my snoring X_X 

Warped Tour or bust ! 
Warped Tour ' 09 was awsome . < PROPMALE > out with family and friends , saw some awsome bands , got my ass kicked at the Gallows show . Out and out great time ! 
can feel the < PROPFEMALE > draining from me with each call I take 
Ugh , I think a stick of memory died on my PC , getting randomly different BSoDs that all track back to memory issues . Time to start pulling sticks , and hope that it's only one stick and not both X_X 
Must be a full < PROPFEMALE > coming , only way to explain the calls today 
Is there anyway to just fast forward through today ? 
Finally found the root of my PC problems at home , my OS hard drive is dieing . Thankfully I have another drive to replace it with . 
H-O-L-Y FRIGGIN CRAP ! I just won a guitar from one of the local radio stations ! w00t to the ' nth degree ! 
The conch has been sounded , the people gather , the chinese order has been placed ! 
One more hour to go , then a week long vacation ! 
I'd like to request a 7 hour coma please , no brain damage 
I finally did it , I got a cheap , used beginners guitar . I'm fast tracking my way to severe carpal tunnel ! I'll have pics when I find my camera 
Working 7 AM to 8 PM is a go . If you hear about a strange arrest around Clarks Summit / Dickson City / Scranton , it's probably me . 
forgot how much fun it is to shop for laptops 
Oook , so first my dad gets cancer , and won't be going back to work until at least middle of November , now I find out I'll be getting laid off in February . Joy X_X 
Tired , in a bad mood , and starving . It's 12:30 , my lunch isn't until 2 , and we're getting calls backed up from here to the 9th circle of hell . Just the way I wanted my monday to go . 
Took a 3 hour nap on Sunday afternoon . < PROPFEMALE > is still almost non-existent , but I'm in good spirits :) 
As of right now , 7 weeks , 6 days , 7 hours , 5 minutes , 50 seconds 
Another week off = another week of cleaning , fixing computers , and finding every excuse possible to do as little as possible 
That's odd , I thought that would be big news . There seems to be an absence of facebook posts of a certain ornithological variety , regarding mass awareness of a certain avian variety . In other news , I am now 11 days into my 14 day vacation , and besides some light cleaning and re-arranging of things in the house , I've done almost nothing . And it feels good . 
Finally setup my turntable . I'm using my guitar amp as an improv speaker until I get a really nice pair of headphones for it , but < PROPFIRST > Cantrell just sound SO much better on vinyl ! 
I'm up . Not awake , but up , and at work , blech 
e-filed my federal tax return last Friday , money's in my account today . turbotax rules ! 
Got my hair cut , picked up my contacts for the year , ordered a new winter coat , installed a 1tb HDD , fixed my brother's PC , saw Sherlock Holmes ( again ) , and cleaned out my car . Overall a fairly productive weekend . And only 1 week of work left ! 
Can't really celebrate Friday , since Monday will be my last day of work . For once , I can finally say I can't wait for Monday ! 
Last day of work , freedom just hours away , w00+ ! 
And I am now free ! Filing for unemployment tomorrow , and just have to keep my fingers crossed for a weekend job at BestBuy , and my re-acceptance to Keystone . 
Freedom ! 
I never knew I'd be so busy being unemployed . :( 
I've decided , I'm using Man vs . Food to plan my next vacation 
Should hopefully be picking up Borderlands tomorrow , and the wireless adapter for my 360 should be in early next week . w00+ ! 
Yesterday I spent the afternoon driving with the windows open , and today I'm putting my laundry out on the line to dry . Gotta love this weather . 
JCVD is only $3 at walmart , for all those interested . 
Ghaaah ! 
The third one finally happened , < PROPFIRST > Gray , #02 , bassist from Slipknot , died on Monday . R.I.P. 
Everyone from Siemens/Metlife , do we have a specific case worker with Career Link ? I need them to fax some stuff over to Keystone so I can get my TAA money for college . 
My goal for the end of the month , find the missing headphones and thumb drive that are in the black holes that are my room and my office . \ 
\ 
I'm going to need a REALLY long rope to tie myself to . 
I HATE oddball XP memory problems . The BIOS reads 512mb , other programs that run in Windows read 512mb , but Windows is only seeing 386mb . Aaaarrrgh ! 
I left my laptop at home , along with everything else I normally bring with me to stay sane at work . Sad panda is sad :( 
Note to self , remove windows media player 
I've been given no choice but to calmly , and politley , kick some call center butt . Look out < PROPFEMALE > UC , I'm getting to a live TRA person one way or the other this morning . 
Zerg rush worked , talked to a live person , and I am still eligable for TAA/TRA money . Now on to the paperwork ... 
<----- Is going to Warped , Dillinger Escape Plan and < PROPFIRST > W.K. here I come ! 
And now < PROPFIRST>'s going too ! 
In a little bit power will be cut at the Library to fix a power transformer , should be down for about an hour . 1 hour break , w00+ 
T minus 14 hours and counting until Warped Tour ! 
Warped was epic , period 
Rockband 3 will officially be released October 26th . Time to start saving . 
Dealing with the UC people is going to give me another ulcer . 
A voice shouts loud , \Never Surrender\ " \ 
For the record , I want you to know , rocks aren't people 
Feels weird to be a student again 
Medical Terminology - interesting\ 
American National Government - Fun\ 
Special Topics in Film : Science Fiction - even more fun\ 
General Biology - Professor makes it fun\ 
Pre-Calculus - We haven't even started going over the book , and I'm going to hate this course like < PROPMALE > hates Khan 
A bunch of jocks just came into the computer lab , and pretty much filled it up . On the way in , they ALL bumped into the door jamb , some have done it multiple times going in and out of the room ! 
Everything I've learned is a lie ! There's almost nothing you can learn after basic algebra that will apply to your everyday life ! 
Why can't today be Friday instead of Thursday ? 
Mid-term week is coming up , did half a semester really go by that fast ? 
I just found out there's a Batman/Spiderman crossover , I think I found my puprose in life 
One more hurdle today , then everything else will be mainly stress free until Monday 
Had a bad start to the morning by hitting my head off an outdoor light fixture , with messy results . Ending my day waiting for another 20 minutes to go by to see what all came in the mail . Meh 
I HAS A SERVER ! 
Time to take a break from homework , I just started qouting lyrics from \In the Belly of a Shark\ " in my research paper X_X " 
Prepping for my first final . Got DevilDriver playing to psych up , going over the notes one last time , I'm ready ! 
Pre-calc final in 20 minutes ... and I have no witty remarks 
The track listing for CHILDREN OF BODOM's Relentless Reckless Forever is as follows :\ 
1 . ) Not My Funeral\ 
2 . ) Shovel Knockout\ 
3 . ) Roundtrip to Hell and Back\ 
4 . ) Pussyfoot Miss Suicide\ 
5 . ) Relentless Reckless Forever\ 
6 . ) Ugly\ 
7 . ) Cry of the Nihilist\ 
8 . ) Was It Worth It ? \ 
9 . ) Northpole Throwdown\ 
**** 10 . ) Party All the Time (* < PROPFIRST > Murphy)****\ 
I NEED to hear ^^^this song NOW ! 
The bluetooth headphones just came in today , to go with my new wireless keyboard and mouse . My desktop is now completely wireless , and I can watch videos on my TV from the comfort of my bed ! 
Making steak chili , improved from about 5 or 6 different recipes 
Spring semester started on Monday , but thanks to a well placed snowday I have my first class of the new semester tonight 
Just got the speakers setup on the turntable again , Flogging < PROPFEMALE > sounds amazing on vinyl ! 
