drank a little too much to conquer all the < PROPFIRST > boys and their -funness ? 

is a dancing < PROPFEMALE > tonite ! After the aftermath of Maines blizzardness- I need a snow less nite !! 
wants to wiggle her nose and have things do things in fantastic ways . Wiggle wiggle 
has an 8yo on the Twilight train . And his fathers day present better arrive today 
has 2 more days of Zaine at school , sleepover Fri and Sat maybe bbq and dancing with my favorite latin boys at < PROPFIRST > Dome 
hopes some people are going to hell for being evil to others 
wants it to stop raining , how is Zaine going to enjoy camp at the beach if it keeps raining ??? 
will one day understand how you know everything , and Im just ick . Never changes 
has a slight sore throat , but Zaine loved camp !! Hes snorkeling today , Im jealous 
thinks she has someone sitting on her lungs right now !! what a time to start feeling crappy thank you work people for sharing your germs . Really 
is very amused . My father is on facebook and we wont be friends and Zaines father beeps the horn for him to come out . I cant wait to see my mom 
is ultra excited to have Zaine on Sat nite !! Fireworks !!! 
just did a bit of gardening and now my fingers are stained from the berries in the yard 
I will never paint a ceiling again . That was ridiculous . And tomorrow is redoing the wood floors . 
half done with the floors and now waiting to talk to my madre 
can I just relax today ? Heading out to Lake Compounce Fri and then bbq party Sat !! 
woke up and found her eggplant on the floor . Thank you puppy !! And once again Yeah for Lake Compounce !! 
is ready for party !! 
needs to wash yesterdays festivities off 
not ready for work ! maybe I should call in the black plague .... 
is lost on what to do with her son . If 8 is this hard what am I going to do as he gets older ?? Moody , unable to be pleased and doesnt want to talk 
really needs to call a few sisters . One is getting married within days and the other one is about to have my adorable nephew !! Would anyone else like to be added to this list ?? 
it is so gross in here !! I hate humidity , and the puppy being hyper from 2 am til 330 am 
wants to welcome her nephew into the world today !! Hello my little < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
has it complicated , and thinks you need to decide if its important now 
needs to start school shopping . Ridiculous how target does not have cargos , Old Navy here we come !! 
is happy she is not married , thank you for that realization . And one day if so I will castrate you if you act like that to me if you do that after I bear your child 
would really appreciate not getting a memo at 6 30 in the morning today . Im a fan of moving your mouth muscles , so is < PROPFEMALE > 
is so tired and needs the computer to stop spazzing 
getting ready to watch a movie with the little man after ice cream and tennis today . One day Ill get this girlfriend talking feelings thing right . Until then- my little boy !!! 
is loving the wedding singer !! after a traumatizing pan de chocolate and blueberry muffin from Lulus ! EWWW !!! 
has no idea how to handle these turn of events . I talked to my stepmother today . And my father ... not sure how to feel-can you please tell me ?? 
is running late , by about 30 mins . But my mom is a camping biker kind of chic . And you want me in WY !!?? hmm 
asks her self why is my son sliding off my yoga ball and crashing onto the floor ? and what a talk we somewhat had . I should learn to talk pokemon language . Then Ill get somewhere 
is boot shopping . But what to get for fall ? Ideas are appreciated 
just got the biggest urge to do karaoke , preferably Whisky Lullaby now 
hiding way beneath the sheets , think shes having a meltdown , the look on her face she starts to cry .. Oh Buckcherry what wonderful words you sing as I sing very horridly with you !!! 
is on her last day of opening at work . Whoo hoo !! Now onto bday parties -and then how quiet my house will be with out my little one here =( 
umm Connecticut jury duty ? I do believe Ive run away from it til now . Must be time to move to a new state !!! 
may want to consider investing in an iv that has margaritas in it . And can I double that so < PROPFEMALE > has one ? 
needs to do laundry . And now clean the broken glass , thank you puppy at 3 in the morning . Thirsty and doesnt want to use his bowl 
is heading to horse country so Ive been told . And maybe after that a potato and corn festival ! 
just had a wonderful slice of cold deep dish . Cant get this here in New Haven , yum !! 
is definitely going to watch Zaine jump in a potato sack today . Funness , Did I mention we saw a turkey walking the streets in upper NY ?? Made all of us get excited 
misses her little man terribly !! 
had a very restless puppy all night . Then when he finally fell asleep my alarm went off 
did I mention that my puppy ate , literally ate my sock yesterday ?? I thought he was smart , was I wrong when he started to drink the peroxide out of the shop glass 
heading out downtown soon 
getting ready for a long day . Work , redoing the tub grossness , drive to RI and then up to ME for a very short visit . Now I need to beat you Kat at this early morn status 
is so happy for Puzzo ! 
summer party-tastic , with some hyper little boys to go with it . Love it !! 
has a head like < PROPFEMALE > globo and is heading off to the Hamburg Festival in a few 
has total bad head and would like to just eat popsicles and watch my Lifetime all day . Damn it all taking away my health time 
has the best pup , he slept with me all day and now to clear the head with the spiciest Thai 
is not ready to go back to work . I really need more time in front of my ac and more soupy dishes . I hate being sick 
saw district 9 and eehhh ! And then a lovely 3 am phone call that has got to be returned . Az is 3 hours behind right ?? 
is so excited about New London this weekend . Much needed < PROPFEMALE > time 
work and New London bound . Where the Red Sox wil triumph your asses !! 
back to the daily grind . One more week of Zainelessness . We had a fabulous weekend together 
is going dancing in a day or two !! And my little man is coming home jueves !!! Muy feliz !! 
really has never hated anyone like I now am starting to hate you- and the way you cant seem to shut up !!! 
is so very excited about Pitbulls new album on Mon !! 
is with her little man who is refusing a haircut ! And how did I miss dancing last nite ? Must have been Zaine 
is so blah !!! 
has business business to attend to . And lots of practicing !! 
needs some therapy in the bottom of her glass . After my emotional outbreak today I may need a few glass therapists 
should I go dark brown or bright red ? I am leaning way towards dark brown- little man gets his hawk off tonight 
getting ready to slide on some sweet shoes and throw around heavy balls . Where should they land ? 
it is the first day of third grade . Just where does the time go ? My little man is rea < PROPFEMALE > g slowly to my < PROPFEMALE > , and has the attitude of a perfectionist 
is drifting away in my own tub of bubbles . I cant wait to wear my little black dress on Sat . Thank you Coco 
is going to drink the Nile in < PROPFEMALE > hoy . Or so you think I am , more of a small fish bowl 
feet hurt so bad !! But Zaine had his first game of night tag and lasted all night !! 
my feet are better and ready for another round of dancing . Of course nothing can compare to last nights fiesta , I love my friends !! 
is getting ready to head downtown !! And then a fabulous day of close to nothingness !!! 
has options upon options for the day 
do you think Obama would like me for his secret service ? I can throw a mean glare ( grrrrr ) 
just got her boots , unfortunately for me , not the color I wanted but what else can you do after staring at them for weeks 
just had a dream that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was driving her home from the desert , and he kept me thankfully far away from the approaching tornadoes . I am so afraid of tornadoes !!! 
has a very tired and horrendously coughy son ! 
is the housewife today , without the wife part . Then at night Im superdancer with cape and tall white boots ! 
is positive < PROPFEMALE > is trying to kill me . Ouch was my morning ! 
is meeting the teacher tonite , and hoping that my boots will be here today !! 
s puppy is driving me out of my mind !! Headache and all !! 
is with her boys and hopes that my Sat nite will have drinks and dancing !!! 
hates evil thoughts . But she deserves them unknowingly 
son wants to invent a dog thought translator . Good luck little man ! 
is on ciudad mode . Come on bloody sunday 
cant believe that you can make him cry . What do you say to an 8 year old to do that ? But of course what do I know not being \involved \"?" 
could have killed 3 men who kept her awake for an hour and a half starting at 1 this morning 
will be brunette in oh about 20 mins , and then off to see craziness at the park with Zaine and 2 puppies !! 
loves < PROPFEMALE > of the Dead , but not Obamas new law starting monday 
has uncovered Kohls deep secret , you nazis !! HA !! 
s pup is going in for the demanning 
oh my poor puppy !! The sad and painful whines that are coming from him !! 
has a happy house , but brrr ! 
heading to Cesars fiesta ! After the coffee guzzling 
welcomes the week with a new attitude 
lets hope that my tub loves this new chaulk and doesnt mold for the warranted 5 years . Or maybe 1 1/2hours wasnt enough time . < PROPMALE > you suck 
absolutely loves goat cheese and avocado 
searching for music , as not everyone likes spanish music . I may need to steal Claudias ipod for the fiesta 
can not find a straight answer on if I can buy cloves online . I get the fact that they are illegal for sale but Im not trying to be the Clove Baron . Just smoke em 
had a fantastic day at the aquarium and is not yet ready for work 
is heading to the haunted hayride BOO !! 
has senor pantalones in the house 
can barely log in here anymore . But more importantly damn do I want cookies !! 
is going to see Where the Wild Things Are !! And get prepared for my fiesta !! 
GO Faith GO !! The < PROPFEMALE > is only one day late !! 
Yeah for babies !! Congrats Faith !! 
excuse me but does your chowder have dairy in it ?? 
has a pumpkin to buy and carve with my little man and then off to find my pink shirt for my birthday fiesta !! 
had no luck with the pink shirt but Party on people !! Count down til massive beerness starts -- now 
has on todays agenda- horror fantastic 
has pumpkin carving to do !! 
wants to thank all my fine people for the birthday wishes yesterday , you rock !! 
and Zaine are watching Strange Brew . Very awesome 
since when do 3 Days Grace have music videos ? Im dissapointed 
the sadness of the day , no little man to have tonite 
had a great conversation with Zaine on his arch enemy , then park , ice cream and tea . How awesome to have tea with my little man 
just broke the bank on Pokemon toys . And now when the boys are away , Im gonna play 
wants < PROPFIRST > to satisfy my urge for being nosy and letting me get my fill on Quagmire ! Ha ! 
would like a < PROPFEMALE > conversation and needs to watch the baptism video . Oh my ! 
has those dreaded parent teacher conf tonite . Of course Zaine only wonders what toy hes getting for all those Es 
has my son asking about soul mates . You know some of these shows for kids , - really now . ' Have you met your soulmate Mommy ? ' 
is just so GRRR with you and you making me feel so idiotic , fu and everything you do ! 
is starting hell day 1- now . The downside to working in the best bakery in New Haven !! 
day 2 here we come . What makes this worse is my last contact has ripped . Grr to have bad eyes ! my dr is going to yell at me when he sees me ! 
needs a nap before the < PROPFIRST > turkeyness . Gobble gobble my loves !! 
lets see how these Mainers do Black Friday-not that I can compare 
has never seen so many infomercials before . That steam shark and some makeup were on about 3 different channels at once ! 
8 year old needs to turn 9 fast because this \I know\ " stage is getting old real fast . Love him " 
needs people to take down realtor signs if there is already a deposit put down 
wants and needs the headache to go , then we will be making a fabulous dog house that Rocks is not allowed to eat ! 
So tired ! And a whole weekend with my men , including puppy pictures con < PROPFEMALE > manana 
had to do severe punishment this morning . 5mins in the corner , And I can tell you it was hard to not laugh at the obnoxious finger he was giving me ! Lucky for him I pretended not to notice ! 
may only listen to Trans Siberian Orch for the rest of the month- God help you all 
hates cold weather ! Why I dont live in a warm climate year round is beyond me . < PROPFIRST > , hows Florida doin ? 
finishing up my Lifetime and heading downtown- my house is so lonely with out my boys here =( 
you know I love you boy hot like Mexico rejoice 
has a very quiet day ahead- just me and the pup . Maybe some < PROPFIRST > 
wont sleep with the little man in the bed again . There were limbs everywhere !!! except on his side . The puppy didnt help by licking his face in the middle of the nite ! Tired .... 
will be beating < PROPFIRST > tonite . Or its going back unbeaten 
oh to be ready for Christmas ! But first yeah for DC ! One more day and < PROPMALE > will be in my arms . Babies !! 
thinks her little man would benefit from the sarcasm and intelligence in DC . Of course that requires them to move back to CT . We only got 5 inches !! Suckers !! 
checking out the new school this < PROPFEMALE > to see if the curriculum is any good for next year . I cant stand < PROPFIRST > Lambert , no offense people 
forgot to get the teachers present !! @$%# , hopefully I have time or 1 of the 2 male adults will run over to the shoppe , what do you think ? 
so no present for the teacher . I hope she accepts gifts after the hloidays . Thanks boys !! 
sends all her < PROPFEMALE > Christmassing now ! On my way to late wisdom being pulled , and then Zaines happy face !! 
is preparing for next weeks stay in freezing Maine . Good thing I like to travel up north in bad weather 
thanks VH 1 for the new save the animals commercial . My day may be ruined since I cant adopt all of them !!! 
wants Rocks to stop trying to steal all his treats , and preparing for coldness- and more cold all the way up in Mainer !! 
and away we go -- Maine 
watching Zaine attack the martians !! Save me little man !! 
blah with my coffee , soy sucks !! 
feels like shes lost every battle and cant do anything else . How do you get through to such an angry boy 
has the good son again(phew)- now onto taming this cold . Happy 3 Kings !! 
can not drink enough emergenceeeee , and i dont think its working . Bastards 
needs some advice- should I send my gifted son to a rigorous academic school where the hours are 7 30 - 4 or let him be a kid and enjoy 8 30 -3 . Does an 8 year old really need that much attention to school ? 
is drowning in sinuses ! And then Denys 1st bday ! 
achoo achoo achoo- I feel like those people on the Nyquil commercial . Not too pretty 
what was that that makes Jersey Shore so entertaining ? Enlighten me 
had a lot of noises in this house last nite ! Did my bunnies decide to sleep all day and now party at nite ... geezus 
loves watching < PROPMALE > in the Middle- and Zaine making his own Assassins Creed movie 
I really hate that Vh1 keeps putting on all these ridiculous shows and that I watch 1/3 of them . Pathetic 
house has totally turned into an Assassins area- there is no pokemon or anything else . Assassins and Legos 
time for the busy weekend and a whole weekend with little man ! 
would like to thank everyone- right at that table over there , thanks- that came out tonite . Love you guys ! Whoo hoo Mexico !! 
is grossly disturbed by this show- Idiocracy is coming . And Im lewd 
starting the plans for the 9th bday !! So much has changed since my little man was born , and all for the better =) 
everythings coming up Milhouse 
may have a long day- the norm work , playdate with < PROPMALE > and our friends dog is coming over . Grumpy dog that doesnt have enough energy to play with my puppy , and 2 little boys playing assassins- and then ice skating- for all our first times . Please remain intact bones . Can it be Sat ? 
is ahhh !!! 
would like parents of 3rd graders to RSVP because Im going to have oh- 6 more than those I know are coming- just show up . 
we just got back from watching Taekwondo and trial class on Mon- also little mans 9th bday !! What a great present for him !!! 
yeah for birthday party shopping today !! After a horrid dream of roaches the size of scorpions dropping from the ceiling at work ! ewwweeweweww !! 
really wants to cuddle with that puppy and little boy instead of work 
has shopping for my little man to do !! Oh a < PROPFIRST > themed party is not easy to shop for !! 
really doesnt like this leaving at 6 when we are supposed to be there at 6 . How does that work 
Happy 9th Birthday to Zaine !! My little man only has 10 more inches to go until hes as tall as me ! 
is a VERY sexy women who is also very intelligent . She has beautiful eyes and is sometimes considered to be a savage , but those people know as well as everyone else , that she is trully one of a kind . Dont do anything bad to < PROPFEMALE > , because she WILL come back out on top . And #2 the most awesome girl in the world , to coincide with < PROPFIRST > 
tae kwon do totally wipes Zaine out . Like Ive never seen before- he brushed his teeth and just went to bed . And now onto the rest of party finishing 
yeah for Zaines party !! 
thank you to everyone who made last night wonderful !! 
all about the pants less men- well not the out of shape ones , come on over < PROPFIRST > !! 
just heard Nobody Knows by the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Project . Wow 
so school is cancelled due to waiting for snow- now how is there thunder involved in a snowstorm ? 
mardi gras at playwright !! 
gah !! 
Im sure Zaine is going to sleep til 8+ today , never on the weekend 
catching up on my Ugly < PROPFEMALE > and starting to plan for the March birthday bash ! 
off to tae kwon do ! Kick ass little man !! 
< PROPMALE > says Im an angry bowler . I just try really hard to get it alll the way down there 
my son told his entire 3rd grade that he cant have any brothers or sisters because his mom takes a pill !! His teacher could barely hold it in- thank you report card confs . 
welcome snow- it has been almost one week with out you . You can leave again without getting comfortable 
the crazies !!! 
bend and SNAP !! 
whats the probability of < PROPMALE > getting Zaine to school on time this week ? Its CMT time 
is going to make Toms life miserable if this sore throat continues . Go C !! 
ahh Peters and my ladies bday fiesta !! 
uggghhhhh ... i cant imagine being anywhere else today- I love you all for last night !!! 
I love this weather !!! And Zaine loves his new chinese dragon hoodie ! 
nephew gets cuter with every picture I see of him !!! I remember when Zaine was a chunky 8 month old ..... 
heading to Claudias fiesta and then Playwright for Lizs bday !! St Paddys parade < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
ahh the feeling of the sun !!! 
its quite possibly the saddest thing to try to find a friend that you have been meaning to call for a few months and to find they died just recently . What a blow to my day 
wants to say I love you to all !!! 
this reunion is not going to mean as much without you there- aye 
lovely day with my boys !! 
and Zaine are about to watch the new < PROPFEMALE > movie- I know , I know- but other than that the healing process is slowly coming . I feel an enormous cry coming every time I think of your face . 
after having a wonderful dinner , Zaine has decided he CANT finish eating . Too much juice- And guess who is still there with 2 bites left . And will be for a while 
has a very quiet moment-and now can try to let you go < PROPFIRST > 
little man is a yellow belt- after some sweet board breaking ! < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
has never really heard of a plate sharing charge with addons for what was being shared . So our 20$ plate just turned into a 35$ plate . How much can a child and mother really eat with rice !!?? Other than that my little man was throughly exhausted and fell asleep on the first 10 mins home 
and Zaine saw Diary of a Wimpy Kid- so funny !! I laughed way harder than him !! 
watching Squeakquel from el conejo . Go Sox after dinner !! 
ahh fantastic , car broke down , and score is tied- Go Red Sox !!! 
wishes for a warm day ! Lets bbq with our lovees ! 
going swimming ! hello suit ! 
finishing up the weekend with a brunch and sore throat . Fantastic ! 
whereever this foul cold came from it can disappear from my head . And Zaines thank you 
has had enough- Im still sick , Zaine is still sick , the puppy is sick with a bacterial eye thing and the car just stopped on the way to the vet . Where as we are waiting for the cab , a little kid gets hit by a car while riding his bike 
\civilians- those arent civilians theyre snacks\ " I love syfy and dinosaurs escaping through time travel into now . " 
and Zaine are biking to Tae Kwon Do . Preparing for the championship !! If anyone wants to come on Sun !! 
getting ready for the championship !! Go Zaine !! 
needs a vacation . A weekend away- where to go ? 
wine , homemade cheesecake(gracias < PROPFEMALE > ) , and a little man using his toes to < PROPFEMALE > around a danimals 
to the fuckers that stole our bikes- FUCK YOU !!! 
is anyone in ct getting the sox game ? because we arent and its a good one ...... 
todays the perfect day to go to Home Depot- almost as good as a shoe store 
could not be happier that in 9 hours Ill be done . Just me and a little man tonite- what to do ? 
finally going out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > - its only been about 6 months 
and her wine are now pondering what may be in her future- this could get ugly with all that wine 
thoughts for you Darth- snap out of it !! 
getting ready to Dirty Sanchez it up at < PROPFEMALE > Blues !! Come on down people and watch the show around 10- 10 30 ish with yours truly ! 
holy f*ck this chick is going to fall , after her boobs fall out . help me ! 
almost to Ohioooo !! 
has humidity all around- hows ct ? 
needs a shower stat ~ Zaine needs severe aloe . How could i forget the sunscreen ? 
can we say go Mexico !! 
refuses to ever go against her instinct -or her fathers -or may future mother in law . 
just cant today- just cant 
Terminal 110 , are we ready !? 
getting ready to watch ADVENTURE Time - with Finn and < PROPMALE > 
loves that her little boy is watching the World Cup all by himself !! But this damn bite or whatever needs to go AWAY !!! 
wonders why after camp and tae kwon do my son is still crazy ? 
why do the computers always have to down with the board of < PROPMALE > ? 
yeah Zaine got in to the school !! 
heading to West Haven- fireworks !!! This is going to be fun and exciting , yet why dont you want to enjoy this experience ? Oh I know 
preparing for la fiesta a mi casa ! Yeah ! Slip and Slide !!! 
on to day 2 of sun and grillers . 
needs to find the mosquito that likes only her blood at nite 
just a fooool to believe !! 
is starting to feel like the worst mother ever- after a scratched eye , we now have severe sunburn(ty to camp ) with blisters . Why do pediatrics take so looong !!??? A 9 year old who hates his life . I said lets just hope we dont break a bone this summer !! 
going to the train- thank god its here in ct and not in Amsterdam !! Whoo !! 
and after all these years- we still party hard ! Love my girls !!! 
has finally gotten the cold that has travelled my house . DAMN ! 
was very busy according to her bank statement- I went to New London and Dc this weekend . Go me !! 
happy first birthday to my beautiful nephew !!! 
is off to somewhere in the Northeastern side of ct with mah ' ladies 
just found out that Petes mom wants a wedding to happen . My how scary is that !!! 
has a Hawaiian shirt awaiting her , could Hawaii just expect my arrival ? 
its birthday dancing at Vandome for < PROPFEMALE > !! Watch a white girl bust out that salsa ! better yet who wants to see < PROPMALE > on a latin dance floor ??!! 
is all enrolled for school ! Now onto acquiring the rest of my loans and hopefully a new computer ... 
is almost done with orientation ! Yippee to my parents for helping me out today !!! and lets take a break for Sonic 
beach beach beach . cant wait for Saturday . beach beach beach 
is in Maine waiting for < PROPMALE > to get his lazy ass out of bed . Do you know how hard it is to keep a dog and little boy quiet ? It will all be worth it to see the pirate ship and Sweeney ! 
breakfast , more beach !!!! a little wedding preparation for < PROPFEMALE > and home !! After a fabulous Rays stop of course ! 
and forgot to mention that I whipped < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Sweeney in poker last night ! Whos the best boys ! Ha !! 
just played the longest game of War ever- we threw the towel in ! 
has been informed by her son that he no longer is getting hugs from me- hes a man now not a little boy . I told him to go buy his own danimals and string cheese ! 
cant believe some little fuck went into my basement and stole my bike . Im on a rampage and have a nice metal bat to meet your face . On a happier note Trixie is coming !!! And < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
dancing with my beautiful sister and ladies !!! I cant wait ! - until then < PROPMALE > !!!! 
heading off to Devils Gear and then Piranah !!! 
is watching the Grey Zone- so much for napping 
countdown to many cups of coffee and the first lecture of the year . Im looking forward to sleep and < PROPFEMALE > coming back to work !!!!! 
is all done with the first lecture , now onto getting my Zaine all ready for 4th grade . Hellloooo new school !!! 
first day of 4th grade done- he made a cool friend , and is a little pissy everyone calls him < PROPFIRST > - his middle name for some reason is on his CMTs , not Zaine . Give ' em hell boy !! 
remembering Lady Lovely locks and her pixie tails !! 
after this weekend filled with papers , a test , tons of sauerkraut and even more beverages , I need another Monday vacay , please !? 
has had everything hit the fan at once !! Please come up Milhouse !! 
definitely has a grade average of 96.44 . Hell ya ! mi mundo is falling apart , but as long as I make deans 
a day like no other . headache til the moment arrives 
I think its about time for a new coffeepot again , when you turn it on and nothing comes out for about 9 mins , it needs to go . It thinks its going to stay by working now . 
heading out to be with the most adorable blonde nephew ever !! 
is home with my naughty blind eating puppy !! only a mother could love the devil . So sorry < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
anyone want to buy a 3 1/2 mth old yellow lab !? 
what a quiet house with my sleeping Rocks , he misses < PROPMALE > ! 
loved the meal of homemade chicken soup and grilled cheese con cheddar and american !! Yummmy ! now onto tea and puppy cuddling !! 
I cant believe Ive reached a point in my life where Im not happy with a 92 as a weekly grade average . If my 4.0 goes down Im gonna be Pissed ! 
is hibernating in the cave of blankets and Im not coming out !! You know where Ill be when you want to give me my - how about a cookie ? 
is kind enough to share this wretched cold with all of New Haven today . Please enjoy , there is no tipping required . 
is thinking the 23rd is the dance time for the birthday celebrations 
needs eggs in the house so I can be domesticus today . 
wants everyone to SAVE THE TA-TA's!!!! 
just 2 more days till bday celebrations !! Yeah for pong and dancing !!! 
its party time bitches !!! get your drinking shoes on while I wear my 4 inch stillettooos 
Thank you to everyone and my tequila- < PROPFEMALE > us < PROPMALE > - for all my Happy Birthdays !!!!!!!!! screw you and your 2 < PROPFEMALE > hamburger 
just got fired for not working out any more . Guess when you dont have a penis you dont work out 
is heading to < PROPFIRST > Street in < PROPMALE > for fun with my ladies !! After yesterday I better get my kicks in !!!! So this goddess is out the door !!!! 
every time I think about it I get so mad- my bonus , my son's christmas and all my bills . Fuck you mr < PROPMALE > 
thanks to the jury for putting the wicked to death . Can we all line up to spit on him ? 
as if anything else can go wrong- my favorite boots have the sole falling off , thanks VS and your cheap 90$ boots 
has a little man that loves taking these quizzes . SO bear with all the stuff that may show up . Except the < PROPFEMALE > one-that was all me !! 
thinks that check has been put into play . Onto the next move ..... be careful 
I gotta get get my body moving and shake this stress away ..... Baby I must say your < PROPFEMALE > is incredible 
our thermostat is broken and it is almost 80 * in here !! With the windows open ! My gawd ! 
this paper is kicking my ass . And in a week Ill need a tutor , Preferably one in my field , so come on lawyers , who happen to be- you know !! Im a law abiding citizen !! 
all done with school for a week ! YEAH ! Now onto that little mans x mas list and jobs ! What is the opinion on Halo and the new Call of Duty ? Both too bloody for a 9 yo ? 
has to admit she did not scold the pup for eating the chicken that fell on the table . Can you say spoiled ? After what he went through with all that touching from jersey girl , he needed it 
baking-check , wine-check , puppy bathed for abuela-check !. Come on down to < PROPFEMALE > Blues people for Dirty Sanchez Fri at 10 !!! 
Dirtahhyyy Saannnchezzzz time ! < PROPFEMALE > Blues people !! 
doing a Jaws marathon- Zaines fav line- Smile you son of a - 
black dress , heels , hot bf , off to the wedding . yeah for Newman ! 
has never seen so many sequins in one place ! i thought that was a wedding etiquette NoNo ! im talking full dresses ! 
wonders why every wrdding we go to something happrns 
nobody likes a pukey mouth ~ including me . eeww . poor < PROPMALE > 
loves the story of where the short Italians attempted to talk smack to the hot headed foot taller < PROPFEMALE > men . Ahh boys 
watching My name is < PROPMALE > with the little man- I love how he laughs at things 
does not take rejection very well- this is getting harder and harder 
really should not watch PS I love you in this mood- wheres the tissues and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
has a pup that is ridiculously cuddly today- and tonite is first night of basketball practice !! Yeah !!! Go Zaine ! 
why is the plenty of fish website all over todays music videos ? Should we all meet our spouses online ? 
Interview one down , now lets hope the next one is at McGladrey so I can boost my career !! 
Go Bears ! 
just taught Zaine how to do long division- what a nightmare on my part 
ahh the Maine bridge and Ozzy , what a Christmas ! 
is buying wine at a little sandwich shop ! love maine ! 
hopes the weather men are wrong and we make it back to Ct before the snow hits 
just watched my present from my son- who knows my secret of chic flicks ! 
Zaine is enthralled in Halo and my body is slowly regaining its pre flu feeling 
hates the part where the cartoon shoe gets the acid ! 
there are definitely new legos out- Ninjagos ! And they are most desired here- especially the < PROPMALE > one- by Zaine 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qH4qyi1-Ys one year and thats too long . miss you Kev 
doing the first law class assignments- with the feverish boy next to me 
isnt it fantastic that every other haven has canceled school , and yet not New Haven ? As if Zaine really wants to be home another day , damn flu cant keep him down ! 
welcome to training in the big office . hmmm 
how can a book I want cost so much money !?!? Oh Blacks Law , you will come onto my bookshelf , very soon 
gin and redbull 
ughh- American Law lecture is biting my ass and my work training is done- there can not possibly be any more room for learning- time to spring clean the old brain !!! 
feels like a Guinness that overflowed and lost all its goodness !!! Can Sunday come when I can stare at my wall and do nothing ?? 
is not loving preemption and the Supremacy Clause- time to put on the thinking music ! 
changed my thinking music to < PROPMALE > McGraw , not a good idea , Id prefer to listen and watch the videos than write about the intrastate commerce . 
will be briefing a case this week , I love my classes !!! 
so according to Yellow Stone half of < PROPFEMALE > will be gone , well arent those Mayans always right ! See < PROPFEMALE > , put your notice in near Christmas next year !!! 
has just a few days left of this 9 year old , then onto the double digits- where did the 10 years go ?? 
isnt < PROPMALE > going to be happy- no school again for my little man !!! 
has a sparkling bathroom , doing some Target therapy and doing my groove thang tonite !!! 
getting all ready- < PROPFEMALE > I wish you were coming !!! 
is so happy that Zaine was surrounded by his loving friends on this snowy birthday !! I love you Zaine !! Now go to bed !! 
you know where the salt is- in the car- which is really far when you take into account that I dont ice skate . I call it hysteria- yup 
loves that I got a 100 on my first school case briefing !!!! Finally found the right career !! 
would love to be watching criminal minds instead of here at work listening to these kids !! 
talk about bad luck- Zaine and I get home from a great little dinner and drop his DS in the mop bucket . Mom shouldve put the bucket in the corner !!!! 
gets to see Jonny today ! cant wait til 8 when i get home !! 
Gatorade always leaves a funny film on my teeth-perhaps its the fruit punch 
getting so excited for Zaines bday party tomorrow !! He went around after seeing his candles , \Im in the double digits !! \ " and proceeded to tell me his friend is going to hit on his Tinas girls !!! " 
just heard New Kids on the Block on Zaines cartoon the Regular show-Hanging Tough-holy gayness 
wonders if there is a special lady that deserves the shower her little man is taking this morn ?? He showered last nite , and you have to drag him shower every other day ...... 
grrrrrrrrrrrrr 
new Criminal Minds- so exciting !! 
would love a croissant and cheddar 
can not concentrate anymore on Federal procedure .... must find Shemar !!! 
thinks < PROPMALE > should maybe move in with Sween- then maybe he wont have to do errands and talk to me 
soy hecho . Es tan estupida ahora 
a day of litigation and Lifetime- fabulous ! 
had a fabulous time shoe shopping with < PROPFEMALE > !! Oh the caramel ones were awesome- but black is needed for those interviews ! Oh snap ! 
terminal ! yeah to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
theres a time when you just feel lost and that trail of bread disappeared . Damn wolves eating my trail !! 
the following are the most common grounds for disqualifying attorneys in civil litigation ... Today is World Book Day . Game rules : grab the book nearest to you and turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Write down the fifth sentence . Post the sentence as your status and copy the rules as your comment . Don't choose . Pick up the closest book , and don't say what book it is . 
Zaines having a blast at his buddies house and mommas got her pirate dress on !! 
needing an Ipod update , who knows anything about the Sony line ?? Theres an 8gb for like 70$ and I did love my original Sony Walkman ... 
Oh its a corned beef kinda day !! and a shamrock shake ! 
its going to be absolutely gorgeous out , and little man is going down with the sniffles !! 
ok farmville buddies , I need one more puppy kibble !! Dont let Zaines pup run away on its last day !! 
not feeling so confident in this class !! And would love to be taking shots with my < PROPFEMALE > right about now !! =( 
is so happy that Zaines fever is totally gone ! Now I cant use him as a heating blanket- but maybe we wont go thru a box of tissues a day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > grape , yep 
whats it take for me to be a fire fighter ? can t I just have the boots and suspenders ??? 
its lovely to be woken up to cops racing by your house over and over again at 2:30 
feeling quite the pity party coming on- damn all you for getting things right !! 
hells yeah Boston !!! Woo hooo !!! 
really needs Lent to be over so I can go out dancing- next year Im giving up something else 
if I was on a date with < PROPMALE > right now I would walk right out- listening to him talk about basketball is the biggest turnoff !!! 
thats a NO on the Farmville reward thing- stupid offers and such 
wish i had those caramel heels right now , oh beautifulness !! 
just had to hide the mommy tears while watching the newest diaper commercial- all you pregnant happy people !!! 
went boot shopping- apparently I am the only one who wants boots in New Haven right now 
now on that 21 ? s thing , why would I ever play strip poker !! Thats dirty !! Its called strip < PROPFEMALE > pong- and I lost =( 
< PROPFEMALE > event with < PROPFEMALE > tomm , shopping for shirts and shoes Friday ( will I find my boots or be stuck with only heels ? ) , and dancing Saturday to celebrate Lents ending !!! Yeah !!! 
its time to start a new painting and I need a model and inspiration 
at the oakdale with my < PROPFEMALE > ! Yeah for martinis and stuff ! 
when I get married all the women are wearing hats ! Forewarning you- dont worry ladies with the way Im going youll have dementia by then 
its a Staind and baseball kind of day- and hopefully this Memorandum of Law will complete itself 
cleats on the horizon 
I think my upstairs neigh < PROPMALE > r is doing zumba/tae < PROPMALE > upstairs- perhaps I should blast the spanish music , that seems to piss people off !! lol 
adoring the freckles all over my little mans nose and cheeks ! and starting to buff up on my country music for the 24 hr trip with my dad ! any suggestions to listen to would be greatly appreciated !! 
at < PROPFIRST > astaire studio ! yeah for dancing ! 
I really need to take advantage of things- like right now 
what a relief ! I thought I did horrible ( failed , insert whatever word ) on my last weeks class and ended up acing it ! Yeah to keep the 4.0 ! 
if I learned anything today- my body is not what it was 5 years ago- next photo shoot is up and then < PROPFIRST > St ! 
huge change of my plans- a little movie and bed 
la cancion es my < PROPFEMALE > 
ok my ladies- so I think it is early enough to make plans with you for Sat nite . No < PROPMALE > that nite , so lets play !! 
so how is it I work , go to school , mommy it up and still have to put away the groceries and cook ? Excuse me- a little appreciation gentleman , what did you do all day ? or weekend ! I just went there- I FBed my issue- or some of it ... 
today is dragging . i need to be entertained ! 
should I apply to the New London job and move home ??.... 
Im moving to Mexico- < PROPFEMALE > Ill take care of your house 
so if you can catch a baseball without ducking in fear(like me ) we probly need some help at Zaines first baseball game today !! 
all done with homework and now off to Zaines game !! and then just mom and Zaine time ... 
the frostings just not stiff enough is all i can say ! 
Zaine just got his email account and sent me the sweetest ecard !! Makes up for the lack of mothers day I got !! Its all kinds of roses !! Awweee !! 
this weather + my hair = a disaster !! Cursed curly frizz !! 
OHHH wont this week end so I can get to Sat evening already !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > - I have a plan(you are going to love it !! ) < PROPFEMALE > do you want to go dancing with my drunk ass after < PROPFEMALE > and I are done ? ( I promise I wont be that drunk ! ) 
what a day- work , make the pie and crust , Zaines project , dinner and my homework ! Aye ! Im cloning myself- Im so happy theres no sports today !! 
promise Ill be kind .... loving you is < PROPFEMALE > pie .... 
is going through a me phase . Please just comply and Ill get over it- well once I get what I want 
is heading to Zaines baseball game and then some quality time with my darling < PROPFEMALE > Lopez . See you at 4 !! 
time to get ready for the next part of the day- dancing dancing !! 
going shopping with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Gunther !! and the voice of < PROPMALE > Leto in my mind .... yum 
i think my face and desk are going to meet , can i have a siesta ? 
< PROPMALE > just reached a new level in Zaines affection- he howled ever so cutely and now he is his little wolf !!! 
you know that feeling of when you wake up from a great dream- and its not real- sucks ! 
ok fb people- I am doing a speech on breastfeeding in public . Now I ask you what your feelings are- I am all for feeding your babe when needed no cover up required unless the mother is uncomfortable 
ohhh !! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is coming !! I want to go ! and Id love some non parent opinions on breast feeding in public please !! 
thats Ortiz baby !!!! yeah !!! 
Id like to thank you Ct and Ny for your commentary on breastfeeding- my research has been fabulous 
oh Lifetime , we are not friends today 
can not even put into words how I feel . Dont lie to me , it doesnt help 
does < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > want to come out and play ??? 
what a great weekend !! not so much the poison < PROPFEMALE > - but seeing the pup after days !! Oh the excitement !!!! 
just got asked to read the word of god at the beach . um ... no thanks 
Guess what bitches !! I got a 95 on my final speech on Breastfeeding- I used insight from your comments- Thank you !! now off to think of green sheets 
think its time for more sun !!! 
Black Swan and me time , this better be good 
Baby Ill take you where ever you want ... 
My So Called Life is on Sundance right now !! How exciting !! 
is absolutely loving this beach time with my lady !! 
hello nasty little storm- wish I had some wine !! 
I can not find any music I want to listen to !! damn rain delay ... 
lets run away from these lights back to yesterday .... just keep running with our lips locked .... and then Im still runnng 
just got spammed from < PROPFEMALE > Michaels- I should spam her and say I lost 3 pounds in less than a week , want to join my diet ?? 
Zaine just told me breasts are for entertainment use . hmm , what kind of child am I raising ?? 
come on drinking hour !!! Get out of work already so we can go out !!! 
rabiosa , rabiosa- aya Papi come down a little closer and bite me on the boca 
Go Mexico !!!! a fabulous evening with my darling < PROPFEMALE > Lopez !! 
so first paper of the week- how do you feel about the scrutiny of TSA screenings and seeing the outline of everything , the possibility of radiation , and if the scanner malfunctions , you get a very physical patdown ! Would you please turn and cough sir ? 
how many women does it take to try to fix a flat bike tire ? Instead of fixing it I broke it !! Go us ! that piece is not supposed to come out ..... Thanks < PROPFIRST > Gunther !!! 
Id like to thank the makers of Nutty Bars , perfect 
how can you have 18 bunnies and live in East Haven !!?? 
no more brunette !! hello red head again !!! thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
oh my Zaine < PROPFIRST > you are breaking my heart . His whole class made him a folder of good bye cards and the look on him and his best friends face would make a muscle man cry .... 
coffee , you are my best friend today . You mix so well with capital punishment 
aye- no bueno senor 
Zaine got perfect marks on his report card !! Go little man !! 
better get my wrassling skills in check ! Toms invading Vandome tomorrow nite !!! 
preparing for Bokus festivities !! water water water 
ahh fuck it- this is getting to be the most ridiculous week ever 
there is so much to do today- but first and foremost a beach bike ride 
last bbq in west haven for awhile =( 
hello eastern ct- we had Illianos for dinner- now for some cuddles with a heartbroken little boy 
my spam offered me an Italian vacation , dont mind if I do !!! 
My phone is fucked !! my touch screen doesnt work !! NOO !! 
I feel so strange not being able to text !! I never realized how much I now depend on it ... GRRR !!! 
Whew !! Now I can text all over again !! 
almost completely done !!! what a relief and the boys are fighting just like brothers !! 
Federal Rules of Evidence I am going to beat you today- and then tomorrow I am going to leave you behind for a week 
seriously !? I dont think so 
want to smell that sweet addiction on your breath 
ok my New Haven , who is going to let me sleep on their couch Friday nite ? I dont have set times other than I have to be in East Rock by 10 15 Sat morn !!! 
time to get dressed for this nite of sadness- then greatness !! they just dont go together 
does adding the waterproof mascara on the regular work as well ? < PROPFEMALE > and mamacita , I apologize in advance no vodka today and Ill bring the tissues- my own private stock =( 
thinks the worst part is that it hurts- now believe me- no more- and on a side note , some guy proposed to his lady with this beautiful cake at the restaurant tonite , thankfully for him she said yes !! 
someone is hiring for a female only to work evenings in their office- hmm that cant be good , go Craigslist 
if only you would let me in 
a nite of Crank 2 cant go wrong there 
my New Haven lovers- prepare for the weekend 
not cool that I cant log into Westlaw when I really really need to !!! 
my little boy is home !! Now we get to prepare for New Haven !! 
mommas boy is so homesick- I cant handle his tears . I hope this weekend is what he needs 
New Haven arrival in less than an hour ! Zaine is so happy !!! 
beach and dancing- ahh life is sweeett !! 
absolutlely loves training it with Zaine , we should do a long trip ! 
come on Boston !!! 
holy awkwardness on social networking !! 
baby Ima show you how 
you're so shy and I'm loving your tie 
sushi and now some modello 
little man and I singing our Flogging < PROPFEMALE > songs- why he dances a jig 
off to Buttonwood ! yeah ! 
hmm , army , construction , navy , firefighter , and mechanic , banker . this is ridiculous ! < PROPFEMALE > you would enjoy this as much as < PROPFEMALE > !! 
whoo Red Sox !!!! 
the falls in life are meant to teach- so how do I get to redo a few ? 
the mother who is being prosecuted for her childs death from jaywalking is so fuckin ridiculous , I cant even fathom . How does placing her in jail longer than the bastard that was driving and drinking help this world ? Its ok to drown your child , hide the body , and lie to everyone , but to cross the street with the child and have a horrible accident occur(by a driver who apparently wasnt paying attention)- its her fault 
