ugh didn't sleep all night . now im exhausted . blehhh 

bleh . sick like a dog 
extremely bored and looking for shoes on the interenttt ... 
extremely bored . goin to the mall tomorrow !!! 
goin to the mall laterr !!!!! 
i didnt just get 1 but 2 pairs of shoes !!!! 
going to school in a few blehhhh 
Im so glad its winter break ! 
blahh i hate my step dad 
fuck , currently have 0 smokes 
waiting for fathers presents for meh . 
I'm not really feeling the festive vibes going around right now . :/ 
The Human League . ' nough said . <3 
Well here we are starting a new year off with a fresh slate . Let's make it better than the last one . I hope everyone is having a top night being < PROPFEMALE > and hammered with friends ! :D 
Gettin ' < PROPFEMALE > hair dyed black today . So dangerous . :D 
Maybe a little too excited for Friday ?? Nahhh 
I love < PROPFEMALE > . Plain and simple . 
I get an orgasm every time I see a BK commercial . Jus ' sayin 
Just found a full rainbow pack of Sharpies !!!! 
You know its some good shit when your mom buys you Dolphin , and Whale shaped chicken nuggets . mmmm . XD 
My hair smells scrumptious . Jus ' sayin . 
90 year old people having sex is like shooting pool with rope . 
Who wants to help me kill my mothers boyfriend ? 
Super duper stoked for tomorrow to come !! 
Set sail on my fish market smelling boat . The Lezboat . 
I feel like an idiot . Who just is this \Who Dat\ " ??? XD " 
Fuck me ?! No no no , on the contrare , fuck you ! 
Yes Pink . I agree that god is a DJ . XD 
So my mother just accused me of having a \Major bitch fit\ " just now . Mahaha " 
\I gotta sweet tooth and strawberry youth . You wanna be my licorice and misguided truth . \"" 
So I had a dream last night that Snoop Dogg bought the Oxford Valley Mall , and < PROPFEMALE > Minaj sold ice cream at the food court . I need to check my mental retardation . XD 
I was whipped by < PROPMALE > Halford . XD 
I feel so much better . Now I don't much like a transvestite anymore . Mahaha 
Im officially sick of fucking winter . BAH 
FACT : If you cut me open , I will bleed stardust , skittles , and designer clothes . XD 
FUCK SNOW ! That white shit is gonna ruin my plans tomorrow ! 
Did you know it took 2 strikes to the neck to decapitate < PROPFIRST > I < PROPFEMALE > of Scotts head off ?! FUN FACT !!! 
No mall today . -sigh- 
Imma be , imma be , imma imma imma be . Such a horrible song but I got it stuck in my head . XD 
Oh gurl i'm super angry now . Who said I ain't a MILF ?! Oh I am sooo offended ! Mahahahaaa 
So apparently my milk shakes bring all the boys to the yard , and damn like they are better than yours ? XD 
What do you call two transvestites running down the street ? A DRAG RACE !! 
So i'm thinking about what I should do with my hair . Cut it super short , or just cut an a few inches off ?? 
Going to saturday school + I am sick as shit . This is gonna be super fun . 
So the whole time I was in saturday school I copied down Italian notes . ITALIAN NOTES FOR 4 EFFIN HOURS ! Bahhahahaha . 
The Oxford Valley Mall is on Wikipedia ?! haha 
Im so in the mood for ice cream . 
It's such a common habit for people to think on emotion . Maybe some day humanity will learn to rely on logic than on their misconceived feelings for others . 
Going outside soon . The weather is way to nice to stay inside for . 
get me on aim bitches ! whitewntr 
I'm sick of the fucking stress school gives me . Fuck school , I'm done with it . 
This mother fucker BETTER be going grocery shopping soon , or imma flip . 
\You're only as tall as your heart will let you be And you're only as small as the world will make you seem \"" 
I hate not being able to fall asleep . blahhh 
Everybody seems to be moving on with their lives and I'm not at all . 
I am so debating over a looong nap fo sho . 
\Watch them fly ... away\ " mahaha aliens maannn " 
I need a damn pack of smokes . BAHHHH !! 
It is so nice out ! Trying to make some plans . 
This nasty humidity is FUCKIN up my hair gurl . o_o 
I realized that everything is starting to crash around me . 
Just got my hair cut !!! 
Lmao ! My sister just told me I have a dyke hair cut . XD 
I feel so happy now . My mall rats always me feel better ! <3 
I OFFICIAL hate little kids . This little brat my friend was babysitting was being such a little turd ! 
Oh and for the record , this weather SUCKS ASS ! :-/ 
Sore throat fucking sucks ! OVM tomorrow gurl ! 
Yay ! I feel so much better , but my Friday sucked ass ! Today was bitter sweet . :-/ 
( Random thought ) I am so inspired to write a book on ebonics and ivonics so old people can understand\Bro I am super stoked\ " and \ " Damn bitch you be a nasty jawn ! \ " XD " 
School , then home . Not so eventful huh . I have a feeling that today is gonna be fantabulous ! :D 
God bless the daylight , the sugary smell of springtimeRemembering when you were mineIn a still suburban town 
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK ! :D Gurl I be so hyper right < PROPMALE > ! 
For some odd reason all I've been doing is drawing since Saturday . I feel so artistic ! :D 
So some guy screamed \whore\ " at me while I was walking down the street . I am STILL laughing about it . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Minaj makes me giggle fo real . :) 
Are you guys aware that today is FRIDAYYY !? :D 
Just got back from OVM . Me and < PROPFEMALE > were bummed out for awhile but for some odd reason we were being HILARIOUS before mom picked us up . HAHA 
Fuuuuck Saturday school . Me and < PROPFEMALE > will suffer together at the least . lol 
Heres what happened today in a nut shell . Saturday school with < PROPFEMALE > . Mall , AC More , Michaels , and Toys R Us with < PROPFIRST>'s fag ass and < PROPMALE > . We found with < PROPFEMALE > . Screamed negative things about Christianity , and gotten eye rapped by a < PROPFEMALE > booth thingie . 
Today was really fun . This had to of been THE best weekend everrr I must say . 
BAH ! I'm so bored , and super beat . I hate Mondays . :-/ 
I hope one day I will be as ghetto-fabulous as < PROPFIRST > . XD 
Happy birthday ... Mr. president , happy birthday to youuu . XD 
“One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter to the one you unconditionally love . ” < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jones 
Loving someone that you know will never love you is maybe the most painful thing to experience . 
( Cheesy joke of the day)So what do you call a gay guy that lives in the < PROPMALE > ? FAGFOOT ! maha its kinda bad when you start making fun of yourself . XD 
I learned something very important about wind today . It is racist against skinny people . 
The drunk driving awareness jawn at school really depressed me today . Lol 
School was quite refreshing today for some odd reason . Maha , < PROPFEMALE > and I couldn't stop saying \Oxford Valley Mall\ " in thick old lady English accents at lunch . XD " 
Are you aware that tomorrow is gonna be Friday ?!!! :D 
Just got home from bitch-ass Saturday school , and have no plans for the rest today . Bahhh i'm so bored ! 
The longest word I think iv'e EVER seen . Hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia 
Its probably the worst feeling when you idiotically think that once , JUST ONCE you had something good going for you in your miserable life . Pure happiness may have just a mere illusion that I facilitated in my mind I guess . 
Its ever so easy to wear this artificial smile on my face all day , but when the night arrives I find it difficult to feel like im happy . 
Why am I so nice ? I swear I am more merciful than Jesus . 
I have legit no plans for today . I think sleeping all day sounds good lol . 
I need to make a fashion rant about them dumb-ass , over sized hats that skater dudes have been wearing for awhile . YOU GUYS LOOK LIKE WANNA BE WIGGERS , AND YOU LOOK RIDICULOUS ! YOU GUYS ARE ASKING TO GET SWISS-CHEESED BY A DRIVE-BY ! YOU ARENT OG's , NOR GANGSTERS AND NEVER WILL BE ! ok now I feel better . XD 
( Wisdom of the day ) When ever you are down and out , all you gotta do is \keep on keep'n on \"" 
I am in < PROPMALE > need of dying my hair a new radtacular color , but I just don't know what . I NEED SUGGESTIONS ASAP ! XD 
I cannot sleep what so ever and school starts in approximatively five hours . :/ 
OVM tomorrow peepz ? 
Its off to Saturday school I go . shoot me . PLEASE !!! 
Im so bored mannn ! 18 more days till I be 17 ! I'm such an old fart . XD 
There is a random little girl making faces at me outside of my window next to my computer that I am currently on . Lmao . Should I be scurred ? :| 
\What is your < PROPMALE > malfunction numb nuts ?! \"- Full Metal Jacket " 
I think I have just found the love of my life .... COCOLATE ICE CREAM !!! :D 
This has been literally the MOST miserable Friday I ever had in such a long time . :| 
Celebrities are dying like crazy recently . Gray < PROPMALE > is dead too now . Whos next ? Oprah ?! 
I got my tan on , swam for 2 hours , and watched Valentines Day . Today was a very god day in my book . :D 
Whenever my parents watch The Worlds Strictest Parents , they always say \You should sign up for that Matt\ " . Mahaha " 
Awwe thank you guys for wishing me a happy birthday ! :D It sux that it just so happens that its a rainy Bday though . lol 
blahhhh , why does my body hurt like a bitch ?! 
I have a new obsession .... Soccer . :| 
After having an amazing day with some of the most important people to me , I realized that I'm generally happy after all , and that I am over you and all the two faced shit you put me through . I don't need you , or your petty pre-teen bullshit . I don't need a negative individual like you in my life . I am more better than sulking over you . I've been and always will be a better person than you , and I am grateful for that . 
Yeah this whole \get a good educational and you'll find a swell job\ " thing that teachers have been drilling me since 7th grade is really losing its glamor now . :| " 
Womp womp . My summer vacation is officially ruined , and it didn't even start yet . Fuck English class . I fail at life . 
FFFRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMM ! :D 
So I am making a Summer 2010 bucket list . I have a few goals already but I need some more . Fell free to help contribute ! :D 
Am I the only one that has noticed that a lot of lesbians have been trying to look just < PROPFIRST > Bieber lately ? 
I just watched the most HILARIOUS episode from True Blood . Ohh Sookeyyy . lmao 
I'm so sick of heearing kids say \ I am so hardcore\ " and they dont even know who the fuck WASP is ! " 
I have done NOTHING for the last 3 days . I'm goin crrrazyyy in this house ! I cant wait till Friday so I can socialize with the OVM peeps . :) 
Ughh I am so jittery right now . So this must be how crack heads feel like all the time . 
I so just pulled my first all-nighter of the summer . I have a feeling there will be MANY more . lol 
OVM in 2 hours ! Oh yeah im so stoked . lol 
Good Morning Facebook ! :D 
Gurl , I think imma get my tan on ! :D 
I'm thinking about getting my hair cut off . or maybe just dye it black again ?? 
Gahhh I'm so bored ! Someone save me ! >.< 
I'm so bored that I cant even process in my head how bored I am . :| 
OVM tomorrow ? Everybody just HAS to see my beard and mustache . I feel like < PROPMALE > Reynolds ! XD 
Going to the mall around 3 or 4 . Who's gonna be there ? :) 
Took 2 sleeping pills 2 hours ago and I still cannot sleep . :| 
Grr . Sneaky lil fucking slutter . 
I just realized something . gays love hanging with fat chicks . Bahaha . 
I just bought the Sims 3 ! Oh I am such a happy camper right now . :D 
OVM in like 3 hours . Whos gonna be there ? :D 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > gosh ! I am so bored ! Somebody fix it please ! >.< 
I watched the season final of The Hills last night and I cried 2 times . I am such a chick . XD 
Only Snooki can understand my love for pickles . 
OVM in an hour . Yawl best be there , ya hear ? lol 
Somebody should tell me a bed time story , or sing me to sleep . 
After yelling at my television while watching Jeopardy , I came to the realization that I really need to go outside . :| 
I'm going fishing today ! :D 
fished for 2 hours , and caught a 1 foot and a quarter bass . So boss . :) 
This is getting ridiculous . Almost every single night I just cant sleep . I'm starting to think that I am an insomniac or some shit . :| 
Gahh i'm so bored . I wish i went to the mall or something . 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > lordy . Going to summer school today . 
I'm getting a little annoyed that I still see those BP boycotters on TV still . Silly hippies . Get your shit straight ! I don't think bp wanted to waste there product on killing Shamu , and Nemo instead of making millions of dollars on selling it . 
Its getting to the point where I stare at the television screen like a zombie and not even pay attention to what I am watching . Boredom sucks . :/ 
Any morning with a cup of coffee is gonna start a good day . :D 
My body hurts . I feel like a prostitute that got beat up after a hard nights work . 
I just heard that it is rumored that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is gonna be an American Idol judge . sell ouutttttt . 
No more summer school for me ! Freeedoommm ! :D 
I'm off to OVM for the afternoon . Time to socialize and shit ! :D 
Going camping today ! Wont be back till Thursdayyy . :D 
Thank god I am finally back !!! :D 
I am so about to watch < PROPMALE>'s World . Excellent . :D 
I saw a big ass middle aged chick with zebra print yoga pants and a yellow top getting in a mini < PROPFIRST > while I was walking home . My day is officially complete . God bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > and Kloe Kardashian amuse me . Armenian bimbos . 
Its a funny feeling you get when you realize that the people that say they are there for you don't even have your back when you are falling . 
I wanna make love right na na na . I wanna make love right na na na . XD 
I got a 92% on my summer school packet ! I have bad ass English ninja skills ! :D 
I can't even remember the last time I was up in the AM . It's been a while . 
Somebody should fix my boredom situation like NOW ! 
We had a bird in our house and I was just chasing it around with a damn net for 20 minutes . XD 
I'm super excited for True Blood tonight . Beastly . :D 
WTF , who the hell gets a cold in the Summer ?! Just my luck . FML :( 
Goin to the mall . Last OVM Friday of the summer vacation . kinda sad huh ? lol 
R.I.P. Summer 2010 . Waaahhhhhhhhhh ! :( 
Golly gee its the first day of school . Womp womp . 
I need some smokey smoke on smoke . 
Can't sleep at all mann . Please shoot me . Blahhh :( 
Coffee , then cigarette . The start of a very good day . :D 
So beat that it should be a crime . Not sure if im going to school tomorrow . Plus my phone is such off . Womp womp 
Fuck shit its cold out ! Waahhhhh ! :( 
is goin to OVM soon . The usual Friday practice . lol :) 
Don't you hate it when you have a bangin song stuck in your head at school , and your just dying to jump up and start dancing during class ? Haha 
I feel like today is gonna be a bad day . :( 
I just finished drawing up the picture of my tattoo ! Yayy :D 
So I just decided that I'm gonna study abroad for college in either Australia , or England . I'm leaning towards Australia . :D 
Its raining , cold , I'm bored ' and having a nicfit . FML ! :( 
\And I said why don't you get off my porch before I shoot you in the clitoris . \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
Shower . Morning Cigg . Beeferoni . Iced tea . Helluva rad late morning . :) 
I miss Italian class mann . :( 
* Random thought * I really really want a friend with an English accent . Conversations would be way more fun . XD 
I can't fall back asleep . Bahh I'm gonna be such a mad little white boy at school later . 
I would so murder somebody for a pair of phat pants dude . :) 
Why don't all of the fucking 15 year olds go back to Myspace and talk shit and bitch about their petty drama there instead of Facebook ? For Christ's sake nobody gives a shit here ! Grow upo . 
Eurotrance is my crack , and i'm never going to rehab for it . :P 
I got my hair cut ! Lets just say I look like i'm joining the army tomorrow . lol 
It should be mandatory to have a literacy test when you want to post something on Facebook . Hahaha :P 
I'm so regretting not getting a mohawk . :( 
This is the most beat Halloween everrrr . I have no costume and I wanted to be a hooker so bad ! :( 
OH < PROPFEMALE > GAAAASH its colder than a polar bear's toe nails ! 
So while I was waiting for my mom to pick me up from the mall earlier I heard a dude screaming \OH YEAH ! \ " and of course \ " TEE SHIRT TIIIIMMMME ! \ " at the fountain . Just gotta love how retarded Jersey Shore is making us . XD " 
Crayola pencils + techno = true happiness :D 
The things I would do for a damn Crunch bar right now . lol 
So I'm typing up a whole bunch of my opinions on topics about society and how we function in it . It's gonna be very insulting and funny but interesting if your intelligent . lol yeah im bored . :P 
Make-up pictures today . I look super duper G . :D 
Screw beards . Team Stache ALL THE WAY ! :D 
Nights like these I wish I would wake up the next morning in a different house with a different family . :( 
I'm officially obsessed with Law and Order UK . 
I'm so ready to eat some bird . 
Somebody save me from my boredness . 
It's way too cold for me to function . Why couldn't I live in Australia ? 
Who be mallin at OVM tomorrow ? Fo shizzle macadizzle I'll be therrreee ! :D 
I took a three hour nap after school and officially beasted 4 meals 1 bowl of cereal , and 2 bowls of chips . So being fat today . :) 
I'M OLD < PROPMALE > ! :D 
I can't sleep . Can somebody shoot me with a tranquilizer please ? 
After thinking really hard for the past 3 hours , I have decided that I am ready to start looking for a relationship . I realized that the only reason why I am single is that I am protecting myself from scenarios in my past relationships to repeat , but now I'm ready to actually search for Mr Right . :D 
I think I should start every morning with techno ! :D 
Damn , I lost my eyeliner . I am going to try to act REALLY depressed but I doubt it will work . XD 
I think I have listened to \Bloody Pimp\ " like 7 times a day all this week . XD " 
Blahh can't sleep at all . D: 
Had the best 2 hour nap EVERRR ! :) 
Can't sleep , not even a little bit , but I feel tired as hell ? I need a snuggle < PROPMALE > fo rizzle or something . Lol . :P 
So when my dogs lick my face , am I supposed to say \No bestiality\ " ? :P " 
0 hours of sleep . School is gonna be dandy . o_o 
I'm just excited for all the holiday commotion to be over . Christmas gives me a head ache . lol 
There is one thing I want for Christmas . But being the pessimist I am , I probably won't be getting it . :/ 
Life is like a beach , I'm just playin ' in the sand . 
I need to find a day to get my tattoo this week . I'm super nervous . lol 
is tempted to make an igloo . 
I just wanna dance ! XD 
So apparently I look like Astro Boy with my hair black . Bahaha ! XD 
Gahhh I can't sleep . School is gonna suck . I can feel it in me bones . :( 
I need to find something to do for 2 hours . I'm so bored , it's a crime . XP 
For some odd reason I am feeling extremely bright and optimistic despite having 1 hour of sleep . Hell when aren't I though ? :D 
Oh man , the things that I would do for a pair of Doc Martins . Bahaha >.< 
Hype as shit . School gonna be a blassst . Excited for tomorrow . :D 
I want it to be start getting warm outside . I wanna go fly fishing mann . lol 
Goin to da malllll ! :D 
Screw this snow . Ruined my day , mannnn . :/ 
I seriously need to get some new pictures of me up in this bitch . Lol 
Had the best nap EVERRRR ! :D 
Lil B is my herroooooo ! :D 
I officially hate snowww . This freezingness goin on outside blows . 
So bored . I need something to do . :/ 
I'm so ready to nuke some mid-terms todayy . Bahaha 
Hardstyle techno makes me happy . :D 
Ridiculosity is a little too common around here these days . 
My brain is totally and utterly fried right now . 
\You gotta start livin my friend . L-I-V-I-N . \"" 
I need to get my shit together , forreal . :/ 
Gahh I HATE SNOW ! 
If I had a red balloon , I would fly you to the < PROPFEMALE > . This is my reality ; come with me and see . 
Note to self : never take an insomnia pill EVER again . 
Screw this . Imma pull an all-nighter . 
I am loving life right now . :) 
My generation is so stupid . Nobody knew who the hell < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is in my History class and they never even heard of < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm in the biggest mood to make < PROPFEMALE > bracelets right now . 
Screw the Super Bowl . I just like the hilarious commercials . :P 
Rockin ' the single status . 
It's a funny thing when the people who justify EVERYTHING that they do turn out to be the biggest hypocrites . 
Soooo bored . I need something interesting to do in my life ASAP ! 
I think I'm gonna spend some quality time with the piano . The best therapy I'd sayy . :) 
The first Facebook post on my new computerrrr ! YAYYY !! :D 
It's like a rave in my bedroom ! :D 
People just make me sick to my stomach these days . 
So I had a dream last night that I ordered Chinese food . Obviously someone is extremely craving for some general chows chicken . XD 
I miss my long hair . I miss everything about it . :( 
So are we not supposed to bring our bags to school tomorrow ? 
Today is going to suuuuck . 
On a good note , I didn't blow up today . Yayyy ! Bahahaaa 
Really skinny people and strong wind don't mix . 
Just woke up . feel like poo . It sounds like the wind is going to blow down my house . lol 
Your the sleeziest chick i have ever met . I't surprises me everyday that you don't have a child yet . 
I never realized how much of a loser you are until now . If only I figured that out earlier . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I were just talking about I need to get with an Asian boy because , Asian boys are adorable . Bahaha ! 
Mi piacciono Italiano musica . <3 
So at school today some boy called me the most hilarious thing someone has ever called me : Eurotrash . Bahahahaha !!! 
I NEED to go to a rave ASAP . Nobody can understand how bad I want to dance for a whole night . Hahaha 
Its been so long since I woke up to birds chirping . Its so nice outside . Today is gonna be a good dayyy . :D 
I'm in the mood for an adventure ! :D 
I'm really getting sick of people pissing and moaning about the drama in their lives all the time . It's all I ever hear from people anymore . You wanna know why you always have drama in your lives ? Because you affiliate with it like a friend . Don't talk shit if you can't handle the backlash . Don't screw with people if < PROPFEMALE > likes to ruin your life . If you get your ass beat from drama , you probably deserved it . 
Oh mann , < PROPFIRST > Sheen you so coraaazyy . 
Mr. Gleeson : \Matt 
Gahhh im so bored ! 
SIBLING WAR !!! Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without one of your siblings protesting , it's so true . 
I actually did my homework for once . Thats rare and unusual . :P 
I think today may have been the most boring day I have ever had . X/ 
I need to start malling again . I miss kickin it with the mall rat crew . <3 
I'm getting sick of being everyone's little social worker and not getting any support back when I need it . 
My throat is so jacked up . I'm not enjoying this at all . :( 
Oxford Valley laterrr ! Whose goinnn ??? 
Just got my iphone !! I love it , but I lost almost everybody's < PROPFIRST > in my contacts , either though I have the same sim card that was in my other phone . SO GIVE ME YOUR < PROPFIRST > , SKANKS !! :P 
Whose gonna be at Saturday school tomorrow ? 
cant sleep . fml 
I need me a man . Life is too dull without one . 
I was dismissed from school at exactly 8:44 AM today . BEST DAY EVERRRR !!! :D 
Like this if your a goofy goober ! :D 
oh yeah , your really convincing when you try to prove your innocence on Facebook . Either way , nobody did and nobody will like you since all you ever seem to do is create drama and hate between friends . P.S. Learn some basic grammatical skills before you touch a keyboard , jackass . 
Just woke up . Mall laterrrr ! :D 
It sucks missing you . :( 
I came to the conclusion about my Lady Gaga conspiracy : She in fact is an alien and she has been sent to Earth as a secret alien agent . She is trying to brainwash the whole homosexual population and send them to her planet . End of story . 
WTF ! I was locked out of my house and had to squeeze through a < PROPFEMALE > window that wasnt locked . I'm so lucky that I'm skinny as fuck and that I'm a ghetto ninja . 
So bored ! And my back hurts like a mo'fo ' . fmlll 
I have the best ideaa ! All of us old school Oxford Valley mall rats should go to Neshaminy and tear shit apparrrttt ! Bahahaaa 
I . am . so . BORED !! D: 
I need plans ASAP ! 
