WHY IS EVERYTHING SEEM SO HARD FOR ME EASY FOR THE REST 

I was trying to find myself then I turned around and there I was !!!! 
I sometimes want nothing more than to come home but where is that ? 
I am sooo busy right now and I love it !!!! 
I am to young to feel this old 
Sometimes I wounder if my mistakes will follow me forever 
Even if I am not here everyday I will be here at least twice a week 
I may not be here everyday but I will be here !!! I do work alot . 
moved into my very first apt . all by myself my internet will up in 3 more days talk to you all as much as i want then !!!!! 
Had to come to the library to post this cable should be on with internet on 9/15 then I am good new place is cool weird living alone first time ever !!!! MISS MY GIRLS Love you all !!! 
I tell you what you guys are hard on me do you have any idea how hard it is to be some where all alone with no close friends no family . Got married to young I onlt know how to be a mom and wait tables .. Try paying rent bills and having time to be on the computer all at the same time I work 3pm to 11pm . You tell me how to do it all and make everyone happy at the same time . PLEASE I would love to hear you advise .... 
HELLO my only day off for the next 8 days and no one is here but I am the bad guy I will be back later U can call me anything you want < PROPFEMALE > it will not change who I am and the fact that you are part of me . 
Going to work soon but I will be back before I go Luv you all 
KEEP ON KEEPIN ON 
MY LIFE IS COMING TOGETHER 
DONT KNOW WHAT U GOT TIL ITS GONE 
I WANT TO GET EVERY ONE TOGETHER AGAIN 
GROWING UP DOES NOT MEAN GROWING OLD ! 
Everyone keeps asking when I am going to add a picture of my self . I will but know this . I have never taken a picture of myself that I liked sooo . 
Worried sick about my kids today . The older they get the more you worry ! 
Finally heard from the kids Thank God they are ok still I worry but all is well for now . 
Did you ever wake up one day and say my kid is just like me ? 
If it wasn't for bad luck I would have no luck at all now it's rubbing off on my kids . I always wanted better for her but it looks like she following right in my foot steps . How can I help her or stop history from repeating it's self any advise welcome please ... 
at 18 you think you know everything at 30 you find out you know nothing 
I can't help but think I have the most beautiful girls in the world !!! 
I screwed up alot my kids forgave me shouldn't I do the same for them ? 
