< PROPFIRST > is getting promoted again . Way to go baby , I'm so proud of you . 

I can't wait till hubby gets home in September/October , it seems like forever . I'm so proud of him . 
< PROPFIRST>'s going to the promotion board on the 24th and he's comming home Oct . 8th or 15th . Yeaaaaaaaaaa !!!! DJ and I miss you baby . 
House hunting ..... there are so many I like , but I can only have one . 
I miss you Mikey , 8 weeks to go till you come home . I love you . 
At home chillaxing with my son and my dog . Getting ready for the week ahead . 
7 more weeks to go . Can't wait !!! 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to call before he goes to work . 
< PROPFIRST > won Battalion Soldier of The Week !!! Yea !!! 
I can't wait til October . 
45 days left and counting ! 
30 days left til Mikey gets home , I'm so anxious . 
Less than a month to go . WOOO HOOO ! 
Hubby gets promoted in Nov ...... yeaaa ! 
3 wks til < PROPFIRST > gets home from Iraq . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Had a blast at Pagan Pride Day ! 
New photos . 
I need help packing and moving , can anyone help ! 
A lot on my mind ..... 
Packing , packing and more packing . I close on the house on Wednesday , yeaaaaa . 
A lot to think about .... ( sigh ) 
I close on the houe today , woo hoo ! 
We own our first house , yeaaa ! 
These last two wks are going to go by soooooooo sloooooow . 
I said I needed a vacation when < PROPFIRST > got back from Iraq , but I didn't mean for me to be sick in order to get rest !!! 
A lot on my mind tonight ! 
A very looooong day ! 
It's just one of those days ...... at least it's cold outside . 
Today was a sad day =( 
DJ is a big boy now , he uses the potty ..... most of the time . My little guy is growing up so fast . 
DJ will be 2 in 3 days . 
Today is DJ's 2nd birthday 
< PROPFIRST > is sick ..... YEA !!! ( sarcasim ) 
I wish I could be there more for my close friends . 
Another one of those days ...... 
A steak has been drove through my heart for the last time ..... 
It's raining cats and dogs and it's freezing cold ...... where is the snow already ???? 
It's cold as Hell out there and no snow ...... where is the snow ? I'm going to get my picture taken today , I guess I actually have to get dolled up for once . ( sacstic yea ) 
It's freakin cold !!!! 
I feel so ashamed , we lost to Navy .... AGAIN !!!!! 
When will the terrible two's end ?????? ( going way past crazy here !!!! ) 
Maybe it will be a white Yule ( Christmas ) after all !!!! 
Marriage counseling today ........ ( sigh ) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !! 
I guess I'm guilty for livin and having a little fun . 
Frik , I'm sick Thank you < PROPFIRST > Love you too !!! 
Frik , Frik , Frik I hate being sick 
Yea , snow ..... beautiful snow !! 
Just got done working out , man I feel alot better . 
Had a good long work out , now back to mummy mode . 
Why do men have to be so uncaring and stupid . 
Enjoying day off at home eating lunch with my son and wolves . 
Now I have moved and I've kept on moving Proved the points that I needed proving Lost the friends that I needed losing Found others on the way I have kissed the fellas and left them crying Stolen dreams , yes , there's no denying I have traveled hard , sometimes with conscience flying Somewhere with the wind 
There is a place on the east Mysterious ring , a magical ring of stones The druids lived there once they said Forgotten is the race that no one knows The circled tomb of a different age Secret lines carved on ancient stones Heroic kings laid down to rest Forgotten is the race that no one knows - Celtic Woman 
Hubby's away time to play , lol . 
Ever had one of those days ????? Double it by two and that's been the last month for me . 
Only you can make yourself happy , content and satisfied . 
BBQ at my house Sat with my close friends . 
Vacation next month at last , goodbye Ft . Bragg hello FLorida ! 
Had a blast at the BBQ , have to do it again before my friends leave 
Days go on forever But I have not left your side We can < PROPMALE > the dark together If you go then so will I 
Forever and ever the scars will remain ..... I'm already dead I'll rise to fall again . 
It's a nice rainy day , to bad I can't stay home to enjoy it . 
Life is a road trip , enjoy the journey ! 
Damn it , I've got the flu ..... I'm on vacation I'm not suppost to get sick !!! 
Finally back home and exhausted !!!! 
I hate allergy season ... I'm sick all the time and DJ has allergies too ( sigh) !!! 
< PROPFIRST > got his FEMB , it was a tough 2wks and he has earned it . I'm so proud of him ; only 12% made it out of 200 people . 
I hate allergies and nothing works for me , but Benadryl and it knocks me out !!!! 
Your love is my drug . 
I hate being sick !!!!!! 
It's heartbreak warfare ! 
Is everything really fair in love and war ???? 
My best friend leaves for Ft . Polk on Wed . I'm gonna miss her so much . ( Lucky girl gets to live in Louisiana .... ROAD TRIP !!! ) 
The bloody roaches are after me again , and not the good kind , < PROPFIRST > killed 3 last night and I found one this morning ..... why won't they die already ??? 
Missing someone ..... 
I'm soooooo tired ........ 
I must have been high to say you and I weren't ment to be and just a waist of my time . 
Thinking ....... lol 
My phone doesn't work anymore , DJ got it wet , so if anyone needs to get ahold of me you have to email me . Sorry for the inconvienience ppl . 
Fucked up my back good this time , and does < PROPFIRST > care ? Hell no . 
Hey everyone , my phone kind of works ...... it turns on . 
Why do I give up hope ????? 
Got my phone today and now i can call people . Yeah ! 
Why do I continue to work on something that is not working ????? 
Why is it that people want to kill the messenger and when you confront somebody with something they get on the definsive ??? 
It sucks that all my close friends live so far away . ;( 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass , it's about learning to dance in the rain ... it's about trusting our feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories and learning from the past . 
< PROPFIRST > to me where he is deploying to and I'm scared . 
So denied so I lied are you the now or never kind\ 
In a day and a day love I'm gonna be gone for good again\ 
Are you willing to be had are you cool with just tonight\ 
Here's a toast to all those who hear me all too well 
Everytime I try to leave something keeps pulling me back .... 
I really miss your hair in my face\ 
And the way your innocence tastes\ 
And I think you should know this\ 
You deserve much better than me ;\ 
The bed I'm lying in is getting colder\ 
Wish I never would've said it's over 
Had a good workout and now going to relax with my kids . 
Close on our 2nd house next week , yea I have to sign , again , for < PROPFIRST > . 
I am going to get wasted . 
I am soooooooooooooo wasted right now . 
I'm not trying anymore . 
I'm tired of lying to people about my sexuality . I am a lesbian and have been all my life , I'm sorry if anyone doesn't want to be my friend because of it , and hope my true friends support me . 
Thanks to all my friends .... I dnt knw wat I'd to w/o u guys . 
My son is so demanding today . 
I have the best friends in the world !! 
It is so freakin hot ...... 
Why does it take leaving someone to make them see the error of their ways ? It's tooooo late now , I'm gone . 
Why do people think they know everything ? 
Yea , my AC is finally fixed ! 
Can't wait to start ROTC . 
Why are most Christians ignorant ? 
I have to get my 2 mile run time better , why do Officers have to be fast runners ? lol I guess I have to quit smoking . 
I can't wait to be 2nd LT , lol 
It feels weird to be an officer and everyone I know is enlisted , but I'm still me nomatter what , I just have to follow different rules !! 
I hate having OCD and Anxiety . 
I guess I can't complain about my OCD , it's gotten me where I am today . HOORRAA lol 
I quit smoking today .... lets see how long it lasts this time , lol . 
My 3rd day of not smoking , if I got through today I can get through anything . 
Running around trying to make deadlines . 
Just got done with my 2 mile run , it's gonna be a looooong day . 
Happy 4th everybody !!! 
Anyone want a kitten ? I found it in my back yard . ( looks like it's 6wks old and house trained ) 
My OCD is controlling my life ..... 
I got accepted to FSU , yeaaaa . 
I'm doing duel enrollment at Fayetteville Community College and Fayetteville State , yea me . 
The only truth we really know is change . 
< PROPFIRST > comes home in 2 wks . Yeaaaaa , I can't wait ! 
Today was a good day , I love to sun bathe nude it's so relaxing . 
My poor baby has an ear ache . :( Looks like I'm pulling an all nighter , all by myself again . 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > UnBirthday To Me ( see note ) 
Thanks to all my friends and fam that wished me a happy 29th b day . 
SO CONFUSED RIGHT NOW ?????? 
Why does it hurt so much ??? 
Why is it that when something good happens to me , my world comes crashing down ? 
Is everything that is happening to me a dream ??????? Someone wake me up if it is . 
Everytime I try to think , nothing happens ...... 
I love the way you lie ...... 
I have become cumbersome to this world 
Love to watch my son learn and explore . 
If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are supposed to be apromise from God that we will have a forever friend ? ? 
I keep pressing the \EASY\ " button and nothing is happening .... I think the damn thing is broken ! " 
Wasn't the < PROPFEMALE > beautiful last night ? 
The Goddesses are crying over what is happening . 
Recovering from minor surgery yesterday . 
I hate recovering from surgery when you run out of drugs over the wkend . 
School , work and homework ..... al I do is work ! 
Good news ... DADT is no longer in effect . ( FINALLY ) 
I love that it's Wednesday . 
All I do is freakin work , and no respect . Do I really bury my life in work ? 
Ugggg , class is boring . 
UGGGGG , I have such a migrane !!!! When will it end ??? 
I can only do what I can when I can . I wish I had 4 of me so I can make everyone happy and I'm not streached so thin . 
This class is soooo boring ...... 
My IQ is 118 , I guess I'm a genius , lol 
Can't sleep , all I do is work , I don't have time for anything or anyone , I have no life .... Welcome to the life of a military officer , mum , student , etc . 
I hate it when DJ and I are both sick !!! 
Mid-Terms and Finals .... ( uggg ) 
Everyone in my house is sick , good thing it's Friday !!!!! 
Study , homework , study , homework , ________ ...... ( what comes next ) 
I have a freakin Sinus Infection !!!!! 
I am going to be working the midnight shift this week .... yea me .... 
My little boy is growing up . He is now out of diapers and he surprises me with something new every day ! 
\ ...... Even now just looking at you feels wrong\ 
Maybe we're better off this way ? 
Good Morning World ! It's gonna be a loooong day and loooonger night for me . 
What am I to you ???? 
My baby is 3 yrs old today . Happy Birthday , mummy loves you soooo much . 
Damn cat knocked over my Yule Tree !!!! I'm pissed . 
DJ had a great birthday party !! 
I don't know what I'm going to do without my son for 2 weeks !!! 
I'm soooo tired !! 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY !!! 
Watching the original Roudolf . 
Sooo much work , I'm drowning . 
Just had surgery again and I'm in pain ! 
Yea , Its snowing !!!!!! 
Last day of class is Thursday , Yea !! I need a break from school , even if it is short . 
I HATE FTCC BLACKBOARD , RRRRR !!!!!! 
Yea , I got an a on one of my finals !!!! 
OMG , I got 100 on my finals , YEAAAAA !!! 
I want you to make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world 
Army vs Navy game at 1430 . GO ARMY !!!! 
It's a sad day , Navy beat Army 31 to 10 . 
BAHUMBUG . 
To live a pure unselfish life , one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance . \ 
- Buddha 
Only two things are infinite , the universe and human stupidity , and I'm not sure about the former . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
The mind is like a parachute . It doesn’t work unless it’s open 
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry . 
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods ; they have not forgotten this . 
Someone call my phone , I can't find it . 
My son has the virus I had . :( 
I love having snowball fights and playing in the snow . 
The snow is going bye-bye :( 
Can't sleep . 
I hate being really sick in the hospital , I feel like an experiment with IV's in each arm . 
home from WMAC and have no energy at all 
Back to classes on Monday and having no time for anyone ... HOORAHH . lol 
I notice you noticing me from across the room ;) 
I did it , Guilty , yeah 
Yea for snow , lol . 
Why do ppl get mad when they know wat I'm about < PROPFEMALE > they meet me .... No time for anyone or anything in my life ( sigh ) 
These are my confessions ..... 
I've loved enough to knw when I see a heartache coming . ~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Good Morning world .... another cold and snowy day .... yeaaaa 
I have soooo much work to do . 
Of all the things I did today , I had to Hyperextend my knee , if it's not one thing it's another man . 
Happy Anniversary < PROPFIRST > , I love you 
I think I'm over working myself again , I need sleep lol 
I'm such a workaholic . 
I think I blew out my knee or something . ( GD , FS and other no no words ) 
Woo Hoo ! got an 88 on my Computer Science test . ( he he I'm smart ) 
in class and board out of my mind ! \\n(Dark Angel ) 
ACHOO !!!........ ? (-???•?) ? \ 
.... ... If You're Allergic To Bullcrap , Drama Queens , Head Games , Liars And\ 
2-Faced People , Keep This Sneeze Going ... I Can't Wait To See Who'll Re-Post\ 
This . 
