Happy motherfuckin New Years ppl 

Cant wait 2 go 2 work on Tuesday 
I hate being sober .......... and I feel like shit .......... my tongue is numb 
Fuck you ...... pay me 
Sleepy Bear 
Phantoms from the distant past\ 
come creeping from beyond the grave\ 
like fireflies inside a glass\ 
they're trapped inside my tortured brain\ 
there's something else inside my skin\ 
beneath the guise of flesh and bone\ 
an evil presence deep within\ 
has made my soul the devils home\ 
i am haunted by these ghastly dreams\ 
and bloody thoughts of homicide\ 
i can't escape , i want to scream\ 
there's no way off this twisted ride 
fuck what ya think we start early round here ........ the boyz are back in business mothafuckas 
u just do u imma do me wanna see how its done watch me do me 
Ready for Round 2 
i have become comfortably numb 
I put on for my city 
i love my moyhafuckas 
jangin out wit the roject crew 
I need my babygurl 
Philly 4 3 days back saturday 
Rehabs 4 Quitters 
Never sweat the petty things , pet the sweaty things 
If u wish 4 peace prepare 4 WAR 
One More Day Till Fiesta 
so much has changed i might as well go back 
london broil nd fried potatoes 
damn i feell so numb i think 
Ive already hit rock bottom now the only place to go is up 
everyday i spend with my baby is the best day of my life 
fuckin sick of fake ppl , false feelings and liars and yes tha\ 
t means u o revenge is gonna be so sweet 
i guess we all deserve a second < PROPMALE > all it takes is one of us to be the bigger person and forgive 
Even when the shit hits the fan theres still friends and hopes that tomorrow will be a better day 
If u think it's sweet , don't be fooled , cuz it's rotten 2 the core 
Contentment slips through my fingers like sand in an hour glass 
i must have died a long long time ago 
Niggas Against Loose Bitches 
so fuckin tired of the he said she said 
Sry but i hope u have a shitty day tomorrow nd fuck u cunt 
u shouldn't let the small shit get in the way if our friendship is so strong bcuz then ur just being a hypocrite 
gettin rid of the bullshit around me so i can finally get rite 
WHERE IS THE LOVE ? 
Examples will be made ..... Starting with u 
Lets see how they like the view with six feet of dirt on top of them 
Theres those ppl who matter most and those ppl who dont mean shit and for those ppl who talk shit .... well ...... FUCK U !!!!!!!!!! 
Monday Fiesta ....... A time to remember and a time to forget 
the damage is done , my job is complete and id love to stay , but its time to go 
Drinkin Party ? Don't mind if I do ! 
Would i have it any other way but awkward and complicated ? FUCK NO ..... Now its just fun ! 
Congratulations ! U just won a lifetime supply of fuck'd up status's 
id'd rather be broke than ............ 
g's up Ho's down 
i got that drunk shit on 
i think its time for us 2 have a toast 
i wish i could fuck every grl in tha world 
u couldnt be this drunk if u tried 
oxycontin in my systen 
all becuz i'm drunk omg 
yo fuck u ill kill a mothafucka dont fuck wit me 
she gotta give it up 4 she get in tha car 
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my graveMy middle finger won't go down , how do I wave ? And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave ? 
my world is like a giant ball of shit soaked on liquor with a fuckin < PROPFEMALE > on top 
its one of those dayz when i just hate evrybody 
Slowly things get better 
ya'll aint goin no where with that hatin shit 4 flats 
my girls care about me now thats crazy 
u cant hate me so u might as well join me 
< PROPFEMALE > aint got shit on the package i'll deliver 
My mind is currently on vacation in the gutter 
im hooked on pharmaceutical phonics 
celebratin new years with my fam and pink eye 
Spending quality time with the pharmacist 
Work was fun need 2 stack that paper 
speedin on that shit 
Opinions r like assholes so who gives a shit 
Im sick and tired of u treating me like shit and how u use ur friends 
I need a box of tampons 4 all these bloody fuckin vaginas round me 
Just when i thought the world couldnt get ne more twisted 
We say fukd up nd hurtful things when our world feels threatened 
I bare my soul so that u know how fucked up i really am , its not my fault if u cant handle it 
Score tha deal nd get tha white powder residue 
Damn i havnt felt so good in forever 
Gettin in shape workin a new job im doin aight 
1 more day of work then off friday 
lets get wasted its almost the weekend and i got work off 
I just realized that if i never talked 2 ne of these fake ass lames ever again it wouldnt phase me 1 bit 
Cant wait till payday 
Vunderbar 
Born with a silver straw in my nose 
i got shared custody of the bottle 
Larrys facebook has been taken over by his #1 girl < PROPFEMALE > 
I luv mi familia tha best ppl evr 
