loves mornings in Mankato ; slippers , flannels , and fresh coffee . 

is trying desperately to cram 15 pounds of dirt into a 10 pound bag . 
is dressing up as one of the Founding Fathers to celebrate Constitution Day . Kill me now . 
thinks that wearing several layers of upholstery in 80+ degree heat with a powdered wig on your head for two hours ought to get one extra credit in acting class . 
is in hermit mode . 
likes cold pizza for breakfast . mmmm ... 
spent six and a half hours on a music file today , and then in one careless keystroke erased the entire thing . He has now remembered a few long-forgotten obscenities . 
really doesn't want to be an adult . 
... decomposing is more like it . Fired up or fried up , it's all a matter of word order . 
going to sleep ... perchance to dream ... then cold pizza for breakfast again . 
is drowning in homework . Some days I long for the 40 hour week ... 
is exorcising the ghosts of the past . 
is thinking how much the little kindnesses and acts of friendship really matter in this life . Now I'm craving episodes of \Little House on the Prairie . \"" 
is gonna wash that Brylcreem right outta my hair ... after the final performance of Twelve Angry Men this afternoon . It will be great to wear my own pants again -- not to mention that vest that feels like a corset ( maybe I've had one too many plates of Peking Zing wings ) ... but a BooKoo Salute to my fellow castmates . It's been a great run ! 
is amused that chewable Vitamin C , in a variety of fruit flavors , gives you 833% of your RDA of the stuff AND makes your pee look like anti-freeze . 
is considering not taking the black bean brownies with chocolate chunks to Rikkie Recycle rehearsal tomorrow . They're kinda tasty . He might want them all to himself . Mmm ... 
thinks that if you have to act in your underwear , shouldn't the theater be required to have the temperature at a non-goosebump-producing number ? 
You can dance if you want to . You can leave your cares behind . But your friends don't dance and if they don't dance Then they're no better on the dance floor than I am . 
is so burnt out that there's charcoal prints on everything I touch . 
needs to stop eating pizza . Turning into the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man . 
can't focus . 
is minty fresh . 
Now here's an interesting pro-feminist take on the whole Twilight phenomena , and one more reason to love < PROPFEMALE > . http://www.rebelliouspixels.com/2009/buffy-vs-edward-twilight-remixed 
hates the Facebook photo upload program . Grrr ... 
loves his Romertopf . 
hates writer's block . and composer's block . and memorizer's block . Hopefully the replenished coffee supply will help . 
wrote because he had to . 
is so ready to shave ... 
shaved . 
is thankful for all of you . Now move--you're blocking the pie . 
wants world peace , 48 hour days , an end to writer's block and a < PROPFEMALE > Kat bar . Not necessarily in that order . 
thinks you should all click on this link to find out what I think about you . http://www.hallmark.com/ECardWeb/ECV.jsp?a=EG5301281210909M32938118Y&product_id= 
a spork , a spork , my kingdom for a spork ! 
does not want to write his 10 < PROPFEMALE > history paper tonight . Or ever , for that matter . 
will be doing the Time Warp again at midnight . 
is amazed at the number of info-mercials on television at 3 AM . 
stayed healthy but his PC got a virus . Uh oh ... 
needs food . Hmm ... drive to store in snow drifts , walk to Chipotle , or order pizza ? 
finished Fall Semester . Now to sleep for a week . 
' s niece may very well be a budding actress . So very proud . 
found a lot in common with this video . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lSliucgygc 
is having a really good day and a really bad day at the same time . Weird . 
woke up with a song in his head . Wow . It's been years . 
wishes everybody a Very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Welcome , Christmas , bring your cheer ; cheer to all Whos far and near . Christmas Day is in our grasp so long as we have hands to clasp . Christmas Day will always be just as long as we have we , Welcome , Christmas , while we stand heart to heart and hand in hand . Love you all ! 
is home in the Cities for a few days and needs to get out on the town . 
has a round little belly that shakes when he walks like a bowl full of jelly . Goodbye holiday eating ; hello treadmill ... it's been a while . 
wants to see \Nine\ " while he's in the Cities . Anybody want to go ? " 
' s parents put the radio on the polka station . It's time to head back to Mankato . 
Imagine a clean slate . All your mistakes forgiven and forgotten . Complete freedom from shame , guilt and fear . It's the New Year , my friends ; embrace it and explore it freely , bravely , honestly and passionately . 
is ready for Spring Break . Right now . 
won't dance . Don't ask me . 
has a tryptophan hangover . 
knows that under all that Christmas food there's a six pack . It's trying to keep warm . 
wants to grab dinner with some of his \On The Razzle\ " cast mates before rehearsal tomorrow night . Oui ? " 
watched an < PROPMALE > Warhol double feature over the weekend . That's 3 1/2 hours of my life that I'll never get back . Ah , the 70's ... 
is excited for the performance of \Rikkie Recycle\ " and the process of \ " On The Razzle . \ " Needed a theatre fix ASAP . " 
loves his Eko-Kidz . Have a safe , fun and exciting day tomorrow . Break legs ! 
has decided that if all Tuesdays and Thursdays have fun tap class , harmonizing with friends and great reports from Kiddie Tour , they will be his favorite days this semester . 
finds himself looking forward to a relaxing KCACDCBCTF week . 
is a semi-finalist in the Lakeshore Players 10-minute Play Contest . And is in very good company . Woot ! 
Google links for Haiti : http://www.google.com/relief/haitiearthquake/ 
bought tap shoes . And the world didn't go down in flames . 
is a big fan of the $5 buffet at the casino . My metabolism may never be the same ... 
thinks logic is overrated . 
loves friends , and helping , and singing . OMG , I'm < PROPFEMALE > Pollution-Solution . 
Congratulations , Lolly Foy , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Regional winner and winner for Classical Acting ! 
Curried Split Pea and Spinach Soup . Oh , baby . 
cold cold cold cold cold . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . brr brr brr brr brrrrrrrrrrrr ... 
is very overwhelmed by how much he loves his friends . If he were < PROPMALE > , he'd buy you all a Caribou Mocha . With extra chocolate . 
would like everyone else to be a little more mature today . That will allow him to be a little more juvenile . 
Frustration is like a fart . Better to vent right away and deal with a passing unpleasantness than to keep it all inside where it might turn into an explosion that will bother a lot of people . 
made the < PROPFIRST>'s List . Does that make me a nerd , a geek , or a weenie ? 
Quick ! Get me a half-witted cab you hansom fool ! 
tried to drill through his left hand today . Now it really hurts . He would like a d o-o ver please . 
round like apples ? Or slightly pointy like pears ? 
feels like the cake of the week ... no ... 
this place is teeming with frauds ! 
dealt with various offices of the State of Minnesota for 4 and a half hours today . Somehow I make too much money to qualify for health care coverage even though I'm unemployed . But at least now I know seven different ways to say , \There's nothing I can do . \ " Whoopee . " 
Come with me , and you'll be in a world of Pure Imagination , What you'll see will defy explanation . 
' s rehearsal suit knows his blocking better than he does . 
is happy to have the reminder that hard work and < PROPFEMALE > with the process allow learning ; disdain , egocentrism , immaturity and im < PROPFEMALE > close all doors to personal growth . 
has stop getting dizzy spells and regain his voice before \On The Razzle\ " opens tonight . Any suggestions ? " 
I know all my atheist friends are going to roll their eyes at this , but tough . There are days like today when little events align in a row of happy surprises that remind me that God is in the details . Good Mondays are a real blessing . Woot ! 
shuffle ball change shuffle hop step shuffle ball change shuffle hop step . da-dum , da-dum , da-dum , da-dum , da-dum , da-dum , da-dum , da-dum . 
feels like < PROPMALE > Glover : I'm gettin ' too old for this ... 
has 76 more hours of facial hair . Second weekend of \On The Razzle\ " opens tonight !!! " 
woke up slightly congested and could make kazoo noises in his nose just by breathing . 
will be clean shaven by 7:30 tonight . Hopefully the drama will end along with his beard . 
is going to have Perkins breakfast this Saturday . More like brunch than breakfast , but it will be Perkins . Because when you gotta have a honkin ' huge omelet with a stack of pancakes , you gotta have it . Woot ! 
Do not tempt me to read you , new < PROPMALE > Stoppard script . I have a mid-term tomorrow and auditions to deal with . Wait until spring break starts at 6 PM tomorrow . 
was officially on Spring Break as of 7:52 PM . A little later than planned , but his friends make it all worth while . \Burial at Thebes\ " tomorrow night ! " 
is in hermit mode . I'm not here , and you can't make me . 
will , in the next six weeks , play a conflicted Shakespearean slimeball , a claustrophobic astronaut , a washed-up vaudevillian and wealthy businessman with no parenting skills . Either I'm in theatre , or I'm schizophrenic , and so am I . 
Run slowly , horses of the night . Spring Break is going waaay too fast . 
is looking forward to \Welcome to Dystopia\ " and \ " The Spanish Tragedy\ " this weekend . The Twin Cities theatre scene is the BEST ! " 
will never get Shakespeare memorized by Tuesday . 
got nothing done over spring break . Argh . 
RIP , < PROPMALE > . You will be missed . See you in a better place . 
is tired of burying friends younger than him . You're all on notice : next friend to die better be at least 85 , have publicly announced that they have accomplished everything they wanted to do , and go peacefully in their sleep after a great meal with good friends and a rousing bout of sex . Those are the rules . Break them , and I'll kick your ass . 
is struggling with the \clautrophobic suffocating astronaut\ " lines . He has the \ " down on his luck ex-vaudeville actor\ " lines down . The \ " long-suffering father of the Bridezilla\ " lines will have to wait until he dies on the < PROPFEMALE >..." 
downloaded his first video to YouTube today . And it had zombies in it . 
needs to learn lines more than sleep , but needs sleep more than food . Needs food more than needs to update Facebook . And now that I've updated FB , you know how screwed up my priorites are . 
is really looking forward to his niece's reaction to \42nd Street . \ " She's never seen a show he's done before . " 
Okay , 48 hours of stress . Then my folks are buying me dinner , and maybe breakfast . Then my niece will see me on stage for the first time . Then I will do another show . Then I will climb into the first bottle I see . 
is finally enjoying the martini shaker he gave himself for his birthday . 
Rehearsals , test , dress rehearsal , performance , test , performance , Virgin Territory , pizza . Then comes the first rehearsalless Monday since February . Oy !!! 
is moving into the final weeks of 25 years as an undergraduate . When this is done , there will be food , glorious food . And good wine . And Scotch . And sleep , sleep , sleep ... 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer & fight it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . 
is trying to get motivated . 
enjoyed playing Sardines at < PROPMALE > and Rita's ... but can't help but think the game would be a great basis for a horror film ... \Who's that ? Who ARE you ? \ " creepy creepy creepy ... " 
has one final to go before he finally completes his bachelor's degree . Then on to Grad School ... 
graduated . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Horne . Beauty , talent , sophistication and class , as well as the epitome of dignity . 
Old computer . Wheezing . Come on , boy , you've only got to last me four more years ... 
Dating is just a ritual . So is human sacrifice . 
needs to get motivated . 
had to walk 6 blocks out of his way to get home because of road construction . It was such a beautiful day , he really didn't care . 
is really freaked about the $59.95 charge that appeared on his checking account today . Wells Fargo said it's for joining a health club in American Fork , UT . Apparently someone at a place I used my check card used my number . Cancelled the card , filed a report , but YIKES ... 
discovered that laundry detergent makes good rug shampoo . Yes , so far the summer is pretty boring . 
really wishes Hickory Tech would get their act together . 
will fulfill a longtime dream on Friday at 5PM when he becomes a barista at the River Hills Mall Caribou . 
Iced Campfire Mocha Latte . OMG . 
dreamed last night that I was singing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s arrangement of \Up A Lazy River\ " to a roomful of screaming fans . I've had worse dreams . " 
would really like Mom to be released from the hospital . Scary stuff . 
is in Hastings with Mom home from the hospital . Whew . 
has < PROPMALE > decisions to make by the end of the week ... hoo boy . 
Okay , I have till the end of June . Some days I hate being a grownup . 
Replacement seat post : $29.99 . Replacement bike seat : $39.99 . Finally being able to ride my bike again : Priceless . 
explored the Midtown Greenway with Carsten Slostad yesterday . Now the knee is swollen . I REALLY hate getting old ... 
and what's up with leases that expire on the 20th , Highland ? Can you suck any more than you already do ? 
The world looks better , smells sweeter and gets closer when you're on the seat of a bike . 
needs to find a one bedroom apartment in Mankato fairly soon . The place I was moving to got sold to someone who's decided to live there themselves . Have to be out of Highland ( happily ) by July 20th . Any ideas ? 
Doc Severinson was on MPR earlier today , and mentioned that he and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > both wanted to get out of television because they could see where it was going . The radio host asked what was missing . He hesitated , and then said , \Class . \"" 
played D & D yesterday for the first time in 20 years . Killed a goblin . Got a facial cut . Had fun . Could get used to this . 
has an apartment to move into . After a weekend of tornadoes and work , the idea of packing is less than appealing . 
is techno-frustrated . 
That full body slam feeling came from the rug pulling out from under me . Holy crap . 
When your dreams look like they're impossible to acheive , cling to them tighter than ever . Be stubborn , be determined , even be ornery . Never give up . 
How do people that don't drink coffee handle mornings ? 
How do people that don't handle mornings drink coffee ? 
How do mornings that don't drink people handle coffee ? 
Interview at Target today , 11:30 . Things are looking up . 
is very proud of the entire cast of High School Musical . Yes , it's total cheese . But you sold it well , and had so much energy it was infectious fun . Bravo ! ( But I'm glad the next musical is CHICAGO . ) 
is packing , working , auditioning , getting the < PROPFIRST > , starting a second job , moving , cleaning , returning the < PROPFIRST > , unpacking , working . Ooof . So much for the quiet summer . 
Coffee in pot . Music on play . Stuff going in boxes . Tell me that's progress ... 
is officially a Target employee . Orientation Friday 9AM . 
is escaping Highland Hills TODAY . Not as exciting as Escape from New York , but then , no one has ever mistaken me for Snake Pliskin . The fun starts at noon , if you'd like to lend a hand ... 
isn't sure what felt better after 11 hours of moving : the ice cold beer or the hot shower . Oh wait , yes he does : bed . 
is cleaning the old place and unpacking the new place . Crabby crabby crabby ... 
The one household appliance I don't own is a flyswatter . And one pesky housefly got in during the move . Curses ! 
will be at Target at 4AM tomorrow . 
is the Zombie Target Guy . ( Hey , we could be called Red Shirts . And you know what happens to Red Shirts in < PROPFEMALE > Trek . ) 
would like all those helpful little < PROPMALE > animals from the Disney films to come help him unpack his apartment . Bursting into song is completely optional . 
believes that petty bureaucrats should be subjected to the same tortures of hell that the Nazis are receiving . I mean that in all loving kindness ... 
An FB friend of mine is trying this , and I thought this would be a fun walk down memory lane : do you know all your FB friends ? If you know me , post how we met in a comment . 
has 10 - 12 empty boxes in case anyone needs them for moving . Early bird gets the cardboard . 
3 weeks till grad school . Color me excited . 
Things you shouldn't eat another serving of but do anyway . 
Things you've always wanted to do , but never did because doing it made you nervous . 
O Crap , why did I move thee ? How long shall I postpone sorting you out ? 
is on the board , so it must be official . 
is Pudgy , Pooped and Perturbed . Incorporated . 
Happy Friday the 13th ! Honk if you have nostalgic feelings for the 80's TV show of the same name . 
is out of beer . Guess I'll have to have wine with the pizza . Life is hard . 
has seven days till grad school . Full time student , part time teacher , two part time jobs = Glutton For Punishment . 
is enjoying this beautiful day with his patio door open , listening to the birds , freshly brewed coffee in hand . I just took the garbage and recycling out for the first time at the new apartment . Ah , cherishing the First Times ... 
Imagine ME this kindergarten teacher ? And I thought , \sh ... \"" 
has no words to describe the excitement and anticipation for seeing everyone at MnSU on Monday . Oh yeah ! 
will play < PROPFIRST > in \Who's Afraid of < PROPFEMALE > Woolf ? \ " this fall . dre " 
will play < PROPFIRST > in \Who's Afraid of < PROPFEMALE > Woolf ? \ " this fall . Dreams really do come true . Yeah ! " 
is coming to the end of his first week of grad school . The insomnia , night terrors and claustrophobia are beginning to fade . And those seven textbooks he has to read before \Virginia Woolf\ " starts rehearsals on Sept 20 ... no problem . I think I'll make a cheesecake . " 
Hello , weekend . Hello , 4 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
is still in his bathrobe , and it's 11:10 . I may never move from this position . Ever . 
Up Stadium Road hill , full backpack , 8:45 AM , 80 degrees , 80% humidity . Then 3 classes , a session with a temperamental copier , and Tap . Then walk home . PU I stink . 
is tired of being a grown up . Again . 
Ah , Labor Day Weekend . The opportunity to work at both jobs , write papers and memorize lines for 3 days instead of two . Bah Humbug . 
Nap time . Then laundry and a book report . What holiday weekend ? 
is folding laundry while eating vanilla pudding and watching \The Usual Suspects . \ " Do I know how to live or what ? " 
found way too many recipes for stage blood on the Internet . 
needs a lot of Scotchguard to cover the furniture so it can be salvaged when his head explodes . 
is grading his class's assignments for the first time . He feels like such a teacher . Scary . 
can still remember every detail of where he was , what people said and how he felt on 9/11/01 . I love you all , brothers and sisters . 
Three things will last forever -- faith , hope , and love -- and the greatest of these is love . 
was put on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things . Right now he is so far behind he will never die . 
wants ... beer ... 
had beer . Tipsy now . 
The best index to a person's character is : a ) how he treats people who can't do him any good , and b ) how he treats people who can't fight back - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Buren 
Hello , bedpost ; what'cha knowing ? I've come to nap this hour I'm blowing ... 
can't remember his lines . Crap . 
needs two more days on that weekend that just passed ... 
got the Campus Crud from one of his Acting For Everyone students . This is just like running a day care ... 
It gets better . 
No need to always be right ; no shame in admitting you're wrong . Control is the biggest illusion anyway ; let go and be real for a change . TRUTH . 
has faced incompetence , injustice , unfairness , disappointment and outrage at various times . But when they all come at once , it's a little much . I would like this week back , please . 
is looking forward to the pizza arriving soon . The beer is already here , and bed will come soon after . 
I can see clearly now , the rain has gone ... I can see all obstacles in my way ... 
5 roles at MSU ; 5 tubes of Brylcreem . Goodbye , < PROPFIRST > ; Hello , < PROPMALE > Devery . I'm going to bleach my hair , put in my earrings and get repierced next week . I need a break . 
thinks the \Who's Afraid of < PROPFEMALE > Woolf ? \ " crew is the best crew ever ! I love you folks ! " 
O Mankato ! Where the wind comes sweeping down the plain , and you can smell sure the fresh manure when the wind comes right behind the rain ... 
is washing < PROPFIRST > out of his hair for the last time . Then I think a glass of vino is in order . 
Instead of a cross , the albatross about my neck was < PROPMALE > . 
mmpf brrf nnrpth . First words of the day . 
is going to KCACTF . In a handbasket . 
Hair by < PROPFIRST > . Re-piercings by Cactus Tattoo . Body by Pizza Hut . ( Gotta do something about that last one ... ) It's the old me ... the one nobody in Mankato knows ... 
is working ahead , not catching up . 
spent Halloween helping with inventory crunch @ Caribou . Now he can't get motivated to write his paper . Meh . 
voted . Did you ? 
is looking through scripts . How do you choose two scenes and a monologue when you have 23 favorite playwrights ? 
is home drinking a beer and wanting to take the night off . I should work on my paper , but argh ... 
ordered pizza and opened a bottle of wine . Now to work on the paper ... oh yeah , that'll happen . 
left Mankato at 5:20 , hit Trader < PROPFIRST>'s by 6:45 , got < PROPFEMALE > to the airport by 7:35 , grabbed dinner and still hit the Riverfront Cub by 9:15 , home by 10:00 , food and wine unpacked and stored by 10:30 . There's still life in the old boy yet . 
got stuck in his own parking lot yesterday , then in the parking lot at work , then again in the parking lot back at home . Now I want to transfer to Arizona State University . 
is putting all the folded laundry of the last 4 weeks away . Next : martinis and Hitchcock movies . 
Okay , River Hills Mall shoppers . Those gifts you are buying are Christmas presents -- a season of kindness , generosity of spirit , open heartedness and joy . Being crabby , ornery , mean , nit-picky or just plain bitchy to a Caribou barista will result in a $10 charge just for putting up with you . So there . 
There is freezing rain falling outside . Everyone drive safely and slowly over the holiday weekend . I want to see your faces again . 
After all the hullabaloo and fuss over Black Friday , it turned out to be a great big Meh . But I did get to < PROPFEMALE > with the Bou friends for six hours , which is always great big Yeah . 
is terribly unmotivated . 
would think the River Hills Mall was smart for closing at 1 PM today if he didn't think them so foolish for opening during a blizzard in the first place . I am home cocooning with movies , beer and leftover ribs . You're all welome to come over -- but don't risk travel in this stuff . 
Looks like I picked the wrong day to stop using moisturizer . 
Rule #1 : Cardio . 
is officially declaring the first Nothing Day a success . There is an < PROPMALE > to being lazy ; one best cultivated around friends , with movies , food , conversation and little to no physical activity . Stay tuned for announcements about the next Nothing Day ... 
Aches , stiffness and new non-verbals when I move . Just started working out again . Uff da . On the bright side , I can now oversleep ; haven't been able to do that in years . 
is watching Christmas movies until midnight , or until he falls asleep , whichever comes first . 
Ugh . It was a lot more fun putting the weight on than it is to take it off . 
Holy crap ! Busy busy busy busy busy busy busy busy ... 
11 hours . 6 good friends . 5 cheesecakes . This is what semester break is for . 
is reminding himself that it's easier to act your way into a feeling than it is to feel your way into an action . As in : I don't feel like going back to the routine . At all . 
is temporarily closed . 
In light of the recent passings of friends from all aspects of my life , let me say to all my friends within reach of this status that I love and < PROPFEMALE > each of you . Stop smoking , take your vitamins , dress warmly and wrap yourselves in bubble wrap before you go anywhere . And that's an order ! 
Once more into the breach . 
I < PROPMALE>' wanna , I < PROPMALE>' wanna , I < PROPMALE>' wanna . So there . Poo . 
is in Iowa . You can check out any time you like , but you can never leave ... KCACTF . 
is ready to go home . 
slept in his own bed this afternoon . A highlight of the week . 
' a day late and a dollar short ' doesn't even begin to describe it ... 
It is not wrong to expect our friends to behave with character , integrity , and honesty . Anyone who calls themself your friend but doesn't display those qualities is trying to get something for nothing -- watch out for your wallet , your car keys , your free time and especially your reputation . 
\I am what I am \"-- both the motto of a transvestite night club singer and a pipe-smoking sailor with a spinach fixation and a speech impediment . And of me too . " 
It is far too cold for negativity , whining , tantrums and crabbiness . Don't suck my life force with that stuff , you energy vampires . For the rest of the week , think about how your words affect those who have to hear them before you open your @# ! $%ing mouth . 
Finished set strike , ignored the Super Bowl , worked out and spent the night on Hulu . And what's this--I'm free after 2 ? For the entire rest of the day ? Happiness and Smiles ! 
When was the last time you had the time to take a 3 hour nap ? 
has an uncomfortable feeling that some thing in the little that he ate yesterday has gone all Grand Moff Tarkin on his insides ... 
Okay ... so if it feels like you swallowed broken glass , that's food poisoning , right ? 
No , just coffee for me , please ... 
Ughhh ... finally feeling better . Can I have the last 60 hours back , starting with the Chicken Schawarma salad ? 
Happy Singleness Affirmation Day . Look at it this way -- you don't have to gain weight in the interests of love , you don't have to deplete your wallet to prove to someone who should know already that you love them , and you don't have to share your < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Beach Club Lettuce Wrap with Bacon . Ooooh baby ... 
Is there a better uncle than me ? Well , yes ... but I sell a mean Girl Scout cookie . 
Holy crap ! Four hour nap . Bed's a trap . Need a slap . \ 
\ 
I hate rap . 
will not be leaving his apartment today . It's snowy outside and lazy inside . Hello , cockney dialect ; hello , < PROPMALE > Brutus ; hello , student projects to be graded ; hello , bathroom that needs to be cleaned ; hello , < PROPFIRST > Moore novel . Tonight : movies ... in case any of you have snowshoes and want to come over . 
36 hours later , it's still snowing . If only ASU had an MFA in Acting , I'd transfer just to escape the 4 months of Minnesota Madness -- snow , cold , ice and chronic illness . 
My < PROPFEMALE>'s pancake is frozen . 
has the crud . Blech . Hello bathrobe , hello couch ... hello , mucus ... 
Ugh : < PROPFIRST > Cougar was right . Life really does go on long after the thrill of living is done . I would like a d o-o ver , please ... 
is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ready for February to be over . ( sigh ) 
Just keep swimming , swimming , swimming ... 
Goodbye February . I will not miss you . 
3/1/11 . Please , oh please , let the snow begin to melt . Please , oh please , let the leaves and birds begin to appear . Please , oh please , let the outdoor Dairy Queens reopen . 
needs to get out of Mankato temporarily , or he'll leave permanently . 
is gettin ' out of town ... 
is back after 3 days of laughter , vegan cupcakes and < PROPFEMALE > beer cocktails in < PROPFIRST > , OR . I am now much too hip to be here . 
Let the memorization of rote facts , lines , and French pronunciations begin ! 
will be too busy to take on anything else for the next 3 months . Don't ask . 
Well THAT was weird ... 
I shall burn in Theater Hell for saying this , but : OMG , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brown ... is it possible to be more repetitive and monotonous without saying anything ? 
