I just had my final in my Sac City voice class and I remembered all the words ! I got an A ! 

So excited to have < PROPFEMALE>'s family visiting from England ! 
Wish the job situation was a little better . I want my music job back but with budget cuts it is not looking good . Why don't people realize how important music is to education ! 
Watching Order of the Phoenix . Love it . 
is baking Meringue cookies . I need a break from looking for teaching jobs and cooking does the trick ! 
Just attended day one of Cardio Kickboxing . Its going to be great ! 
last night saw < PROPFIRST > play bass for Forever Plaid's last show . Sad to see it go but glad to have him home in the evenings . It was a great show ! 
Excited about first day of work in < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
Loves Funfetti cupcakes with Funfetti frosting ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love Sky Zone ! 
My elementary band performed tonight and kicked butt ! I think I was more nervous then they were . 
I miss u < PROPMALE > . RIP 
Not bored 
Can't believe its only Wednesday . This is going to be a slow week . 
Come on Kings ! Im still a fan but that was rough . 
Watching Office Space . 
Really kings ?... Really ? 
Stressed out . My Kinders and 2nd Graders perform tonight and it is becoming a huge ordeal with 450 parents coming and 80 2nd graders on stage . Then I need to race over to Mesa for District Honor Band . This is after a full day of work and working on my birthday yesterday from 8:30 am- 10:30 pm without a break . Can't wait for the weekend ! 
Going to Disneyland on Sunday ! 
The worst part of being sick is having no sense of smell or taste ! What is the point of eating ! < PROPFIRST > cooked bacon and didn't realize until I saw it . It tasted like crunchy nothing . 
Going for a walk . I need sun . 
Long day of work for < PROPFEMALE > Empire . My feet hurt . 
I've never had so many students lie to me in one day . It's a new world record and I need a nap . 
Facebook says I answered questions about a bunch of people . I don't get it . I didn't answer any questions . 
This was the first time that I have really been screamed and cussed at by a parent . Ive been yelled at before but this was a new level . All because I gave her boy a detention for messing with the cafeteria tables after being warned . Wow . A new milestone in my teaching career . 
Anyone who subs in San < PROPFIRST > want sub for me Thursday 11:30 - 2:15 for Garageband and Beginning Band ? 
Had a great time at the end of the year band concert and award ceremony ! My students made me so proud . I hope I get my job back next year . 
Joined a gym . And it has a rock wall ! 
Well , I have my job placement . 50% at Woodside K-8 for Classroom Music and Band and 20% at Sylvan Middle School . Excited but still trying to figure out how to teach one class of beginning-advanced middle school band students at Sylvan . Thank goodness for smartmusic . 
Long Day . Full day of work , taught a sax lesson , picked up district instruments , and participated in 2 open houses including two fundraisers . Im so glad my Woodside band kids helped me out today ! 
is sick . Advice nurse said it was a virus going around . I can only eat ice for the next few hours . 
Come on Giants !! 
Lucky Charms for dinner . Yum . Im getting my whole grains . 
At home doing laundry . Lame 
My iPod stopped working ! Ahhhhhhh !! 
wow ... 
sick again 
Can anyone sub for me ? Two schools : Sylvan Middle and Woodside K-8 but easy day . 
Go Kings ! 
< PROPFIRST > Stockbridge is THE MOST AMAZING chef of all time !!! Now we just need a HOT TOTTIE to top it off ;) 
Reading \Teaching with Love and Logic\ " Great book . " 
nap time 
sick again . boo 
Go Sac State !! 
Getting that 30,000 thing done to my car tomorrow . Wow , I got my car the same time my mom did and she is only at 15,000 . 
is scared of shoppers . Im safe at home . 
Made homemade caramel . 
I like Bejeweled too much 
Heading out for a chilly evening walk with < PROPFIRST > 
THERE ARE MOMENTS IN LIFE WHEN YOU WOULD LOVE TO BRING SOMEONE DOWN FROM HEAVEN AND SPEND THE DAY WITH THEM , JUST ONE LAST TIME . I KNOW I HAVE SOMEONE ... IF YOU HAVE SOMEONE TOO , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO REMEMBER THE ONES WHO WERE IMPORTANT TO YOU AND ARE NO LONGER HERE , BUT ALWAYS IN OUR ... HEARTS !! 
< PROPMALE > Headache . 
Bored and tired . This was a long week . 
Going for a late walk with < PROPFIRST > . Its a nice night but a little chilly . 
Time for some < PROPMALE > of the Hill , then bedtime ! 
Rain , rain , go away 
Played DDR at the arcade . Love that game ! 
This was a fun trip but I learned that I need clothes for rain . My shoes let in all the water , my jacket absorbed the rain , and jeans are not the best rain gear . 
Its so cold ! 
Just got done with a short workout and swim at cal fit . Wasn't motivated at first but glad I was talked into going . 
Woke up to breakfast in bed . Very sweet 
Watching \Worst Cooks in America\ " . I relate to these people . " 
Loved Tangled ! The drunk Cupid and the horse were awesome . I wanna be rapunzel for next Halloween . 
Made open faced sloppy joes and used an eggo waffle instead of a hamburger bun . Sooo good . 
Today was not a good day . Glad its friday . 
Im just waiting for the threatening email from the parent of the kid I kicked out of band today . I wonder what names she will call me this time . 
Operation Repo is an amazing show . 
Eating broccoli . Trying to be healthy for once . 
I need to get off the couch and do something . Gotta keep busy 
I cant make decisions ! 
Watching bully beatdown ! Love that show ! 
Wish I was playing DDR 
Students are performing tonight around 6 at Mesa . I need some energy ! 
My sylvan students rocked it tonight ! 
< PROPFIRST > Swat is on ! Love that show ! 
Heater broke . House is cold 
Yum , fruit snacks ! 
Goodnight 
I had a great workout today . Trainer called me a badass ninja . That makes me happy . :) 
I'm gunna try making fish tacos tomorrow . < PROPFEMALE > , I need a recipe ! 
Can't sleep ! Maybe cops is on 
< PROPFIRST > vs . the remote . Who is going to win ? 
If u have never seen an episode of bridezilla u are really missing out ! 
My head is killing me . Maybe ill just go to sleep now 
I'm determined to have a good day today . And I've been drinking more water . 
Had a good training session this morning . 
Ran a 5k for Sutter Heart Institute this morning with < PROPFEMALE > Disney . It was awesome ! The weather was perfect at < PROPFIRST > Land Park . 
I’m walking for stronger , healthier babies ! Join me in March for Babies and help prevent serious problems like premature birth and birth defects . 
I love tofu 
Going to the park to swing on the swings . I refuse to act my age ! 
Watching my favorite 2 year old today and tomorrow ! 
I will NOT be outsmarted my a child's car seat installation ! 
2 year olds need to learn to sleep in . We are going swimming today then its my nap time . < PROPFEMALE > might take a nap too . 
I successfully found the owner of a wallet found on the side of our street . Credit cards were gone but at least he got his medical cards and student ID back . He was such a nice guy . I hate it when people steal stuff ! 
I've accomplished a lot today ! Returned a wallet , wrote a paper for BTSA , went for a walk , put two items on < PROPMALE>'s list , organized my school stuff , had lunch with < PROPFIRST > and now off to workout . Its been a good day . 
I just cut an onion ! First time ever ! A few people will realize how amazing this is ! 
Tired 
Just finished my BTSA exit interview ! Woo Woo ! 
Nice night for a walk with < PROPFIRST > Disney . 
Got in an accident on the freeway . I slowed down for a huge puddle so I wouldn't hydroplane and a big car ran into me and didn't even slow down . People don't know how to drive in pouring rain ! Shoulder and neck are a little sore but it could have been worse . 
Fast Times at Ridgemont High . Great movie ! 
I can't sleep . Maybe cops is on . 
Fell off the podium today while conducting . Awesome . Then was at kaiser in the room next to a paranoid schizophrenic who is screaming about everyone after her . Awesome . Then put on crutches . Awesome . What's next ? 
