flight changed , not leaving Seattle until the 9th ! 

would like to apologize for the lengthy facebook absence 
off to Vancouver , back for classes on Monday ! 
job interview Monday ! finally ... :) crossing my fingers ! 
HAS BEEN ACCEPTED TO GOUCHER !!!!!! 
listening to the thunder 
making a sundial-ish thing for astronomy ... what a perfect day ! 
weeeeee blue angels ! 
thank you for all the birthday wishes !!! 
wants to be at Bumbershoot :( 
wonders a little where her roommates have all disappeared to ... and if they are coming back tonight ? can I lock the door ? 
is glad the academic day is over ! 2 tests and a movement/text piece ... blech 
curious as to how my phone has started spamming my facebook ... 
girl scout season ! danger !!!!!! 
Not getting sick ! I won't! 
turkey tortilla soup = success ! in other words : the kitchen is still intact AND it tastes good ! must be some kind of mistake :D 
should be doing some in depth analysing of the lyrics to \La concubine de l’hémoglobine\ " but my brain is shutting off so that will have to happen in the morning ! " 
Yes , my name is actually spelled with an e . Is it really that difficult to believe !? 
not feeling like a particularly patient person ... 
so ready for tomorrow to be over and done with ! 
decidedly envious of < PROPFEMALE > Zeder's trip to Australia ! I can't wait to see more photos and hear all about it when you get back ! 
giggly exhaustion has set in ... again 
this week has been such a rollercoaster ! thank goodness for the good times though ! :D 2 more classes , a couple finals , packing for 4 climates and then I'm set for break ! 
disney makes my life just that much better :D 
late night homemade cookies :) mmmm 
needs to stop eating cookies , but that probably won't happen until they're gone ... poor impulse control ... 
snoring guy on the living room floor makes it a little hard to study ... oh , college ... 
coffee cake rises ... a lot ... woops ... 
coffee cake is \num\ " even in spite of errors ! yay for box mixes ! " 
How are so many people done with finals !? My first isn't even until tomorrow ! 
I seem to have finally killed my house plant ... maybe it knew I was about to leave it unattended for a month ... 
monologue presentation , french oral exam and a theatre journal , but at least the < PROPMALE > history is done ! 
DVC > DC > NY > SEA > AZ > MEX > AZ > DVC ... well ... this guarantees to be interesting ! 
would really , really like to be home now ... 
going home today ! 
it's been a good year , but 2011 will be even better . Happy New Year ! 
it's almost 4 am on the east coast ... go to bed Emi < PROPFEMALE > Kamemoto ! 
damn hiccups ! 
back to packing again ... destination : AZ/Mexico ! 
pack , pack , pack ... shuttle at 4am , but soooo looking forward to the warm sun ! 
Gone to Mexico , be back on Friday :D 
back in Flagstaff ... a little less than thrilled about the winter storm warning ! 
UCAS delights in making life just THAT much more difficult ... 
wish I got back a bit earlier , monday afternoon is cutting it awfully close ... transportation from BWI to DVC still in the works ... sigh ... 
why would a 2 day retreat not be 2 consecutive days ? 
I feel like I've stepped into a holiday card , there's SO much snow in Flagstaff ! 
unbelievable , I thought I had gotten OUT of the snow ... 
first assignment of the semester : practice lettering , I feel like I'm in elementary school <3 
Will be in London : February 20th & 21st ! 
milk crates & turquoise duct tape are DEFINITELY my building materials of choice :D 
Grammys 
It's Doppelgänger week ! Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you look like . 
CSSD audition in NY on Thursday ! 
and the nominees are !? 
I hear a bird , a Londonderry bird , it well may be he's bringing me a cheering word . 
would like to appologize for whatever she did to offend the weather gods ... 
clear skies :D 
being snow bound brings about some verrry interesting conversations ... 
should probably try to be a little less of an insomniac ... 
thinking the southern hemisphere would be a good place to be right about now ... 
Goucher closed Monday ! 
me + drafting supplies = NO GOOD ! ... stabbed myself with a clear plastic triangle ... and a pencil ... 
snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes 
I feel like I could step out the window into Narnia . It might have something to do with the lamp post covered in snow ... 
in London for the night of February 20th , looking for a couch or nice patch of floor :D 
going to brave the outdoors for a minute because I can't sit in front of this computer any longer ! 
fuck it's cold ! 
once in a headband there lived ... 
it's been a memorable week . 
was kindof looking forward to having a class tomorrow ... oh well ! 
cute commercials are out in full force ... 
1 week ' til London ! 
sooo ... the middle of the night is not necessarily the best time for important conversations , sorry everybody that I bothered ( dad in particular , thank you ! ) 
watching olympic ski jump qualifing round :D 
opening ceremony ! 
really wants a pair of those canadian mittens ! 
you have to be at least a little crazy to be a ski jumper ... 
first gold goes to Switzerland ! 
<3 
<3 love <3 
watching a biathelon for the first time ... wtf ... 
<3 je vous aime <3 
so excited for pairs short program ! 
pairs figure skating short program to the theme from love actually <3 because \love actually is all around\ " Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day " 
hope everyone had a lovely , love filled < PROPFIRST>'s Day <3 
snow again . yay ... 
< PROPFEMALE > goes gold and silver in pairs figure skating ! 4th olympics and they finally got gold ! the sweetest thing <3 
has a tone deaf neighbor who listens to Miley < PROPMALE > and assorted pop/country songs at full volume then tries to sing louder ... it's pretty special ... and loud enough to come through the walls . 
goes to London the day after tomorrow ! 
to London tomorrow ! 
will be back Sunday night , but probably won't have phone or internet until then <3 
-Where are you from ? -Baltimore . -So , you're a New Yorker ! - um ... 
prefers not having to fake passion with strange men in front of an audition panel ... other than that it was a good ( if hectic ) weekend ! 
<3 figure skating 
loving the skating , but I'm gonna have < PROPFIRST > stuck in my head for the rest of the semester :P 
why is it snowing again ? 
bleh 
well ... thank goodness for the autonomic nervous system ... giving me stupid ideas and then being rational and not acting on them :D 
well upstairs neighbor ... you're obviously up to date on pop music , have fun being deaf in 20 years :D 
having one of those days where cutting off most of my hair seems like a good idea ... 
taught her roommates to play texas hold ' em with easter < PROPFEMALE > instead of writing her french paper ... a night well spent ! 
doesn't have a future in itty bitty furniture ... although a piano in 1/4 inch scale is kindof adorable ... 
mmm , happy place :D 
is taking in the sunshine ! 
< PROPFIRST > night ! 
misses the tube , didn't think that would ever happen . 
has a ticket to Castleton , VT ! next question : how am I getting to the train station ? 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
is sad the sun had to set , but hopefully tomorrow will be just as beautiful ! 
might be crazy , but it's fun ! 
does it count as defenestration if it's a first floor window ? 
Happy Easter ! 
is so glad she's not the only one who talks to inanimate objects ! 
wants to be outside in the sunshine ! 
Hug like you mean it ! 
Antigone : Goucher College Senior Project 2010 . See it . 
Antigone : Goucher College Senior Project 2010 last < PROPMALE > to come see it ! 
is not getting sick , there's just no time for it ! 
Tra la ! It's May ! 
the travel channel is entrancing ... 
Last night of Playworks 2010 ! Come see it ! 
had a fantastic moment of packing oops : I packed both pairs of scissors at the bottom of my box for storage ... ugh ... 
box in storage . suitcases ... almost there ! other random crap ... potentially problematic . 
motels are seriously sketchy places . 
Congratulations Goucher Class of 2010 !! 
wisdom teeth are out ... ouch . 
looks a little more chipmunk-y than usual , but over all is feeling pretty good ! 
has glowsticks ! 
visiting Montezuma's Castle ... Sounds kinda like a tacky casino ... 
will be home Monday night ! 
Seattle <3 
mmmmm , < PROPMALE>'s! I am truely home now ! 
laptop is borken . grrr . 
starting War and Peace . 
shush about the < PROPFIRST > awards ! Those of us one the west coast are still \ 
watching ! 
feels like solstice should be a guarantee of sun ... 
lost track of that spider ... might cry ... hate spiders ... so so so much . 
Mariners vs . Cubs ... should be pretty evenly matched :P 
second night of Past Curfew : A Festival of One Acts , it runs until Saturday , come see it ! 
cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake cupcake ... Cupcake < PROPMALE > is a dangerous place ! 
no more shows ' til fall .... what am I going to DO with my life !? 
Come on rain ... not today ! 
still waiting for summer to arrive ... 
heading out to enjoy the lovely sunshine ! 
1 week until I'm in Italy , 1 month until I'm back on the East Coast ! it's crazy how quickly summer flies by ... 
leaves for Italy tomorrow ! 
going dancing at a rural Italian discotheque with two 16 year old girls and a 70 year old man ... what isn't wrong with this picture ? 
Thank you for all the happy birthday wishes , it was a wonderful day ! 
back to < PROPFEMALE > tonight , yay ! 
is there an easy way to put a table in a word document into alphabetical order ? 
dear phone , when your screen turns red-ish black and then glows ominously at me before automatically restarting , I get worried . Thanks . 
doesn't deal well with boredom . 
so excited for this weekend ! 
Animal Farm has opened , come see it ! It runs tomorrow , Saturday , and next Thursday-Saturday too ! 
wonders just what she's gotten herself into now . 
headed to dc to see hp w/ Emi !! 
I'm sick of Hamlet without even having read it , but will admit that writing it on the floor was a brilliant idea which looks awesome AND < PROPFIRST > Cohen promised me a < PROPFEMALE > if I have to redo the damn thing which I totally intend to hold him to ! 
is not a particularly patient person . 
will be on the plane home in 48 hours !! 
done ! Now , to make sure everything I need gets thrown in the appropriate suitcase ! 
what do you make with egg yolks ? 
pretty much covered in glitter ... I love this season ! 
sooo I hurt . just a little . that's to be expected after having not skied for 5 years , right ? 
in Flagstaff . 
back in Towson :) 
always forgets what a pain fountain pens can be and is covered in ink ... again . 
RIP Grampa < PROPFIRST > <3 
my bed is full of < PROPMALE > supplies ... this could make sleeping difficult . 
My classes overlap SO much ! I'm writing a paper for Ballet using a handout from my theatre seminar and also talking about things I learned in my French theatre and intro to theatre courses ... 
ticket booked . I'm going back to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
sending all my thoughts and prayers to Japan 
life is beautiful 
