WHY cant i figure out this mobile upload thing !!!!??? 

Remembers why i HATE humidity !!!! 
Oh yea , and Happy Fathers Day !! 
is hoping the weathers gonna be WAY better tomorrow !!! 
HaPpY 4th oF jULy :P wish it was a little nicer tho !!! 
hates it when miserable people make everyone else around them miserable !! 
Run mother*ucker run !!... HAHA funniest shiz EVER !! sorry had to be there but I am STILL laughing ! 
It is what it is .... 
Is sooo ready to grill out and go swimming !! 
is getting < PROPFEMALE > impatient waiting for everyone to get here !! lol 
Had a good day !! now its time for a birthday drink !!!! 
Anyone seen Wonderland ?... Highly recommend it .. 
Ok , seriously this movie is F*KT up !! 
Seriously if u havent seen Wonderland u have 2 check it out ! 
Hates it when people whine , give guilt trips , or expects people to feel sorry for their situation when they are the ones that put themselves there and havne't done anything to change it !!!! 
I guess theres some people that are never gonna be happy !! 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regret . So , love the people who treat you right , Forget about the ones who don't , and Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a < PROPMALE > , take it , if it changes your life , let it . Nobody said it 
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer and wish we didn't ... 
Never regret something that once made u smile ! 
Crappy clouds wrecking my sun today , but my face was burnt so must've gotten something !! 
Sticks and stones are hard on bones , aimed with angry < PROPMALE > words can sting like anything , but silence breaks the he < PROPMALE > ... 
hates it when people broadcast stupid , personal , or illegal shit over facebook !! stop being so f* ! cking retarded !! 
Feeling ..... bored ! 
Is happy cuz I finally got some uninterrupted sun !! :) 
is \patiently\ " waiting ....!!! " 
Pantera on Spongebob , thats fricken awesome ! 
is VeRy AnNoYeD !!.. go away stupid people !! 
My poor baby girl is sick :( I hate it !! 
Sooo glad my baby's feeling better :) !!!! 
Wants to post more pictures but kinda hates going thru all of them and picking them out and blah blah blah ...!! 
Is excited to go see Jaders at school and have lunch with her :) !! 
Damn this Facebook ! 
had a pretty good time last night , but was up wayyyy to early this am ! 
hmmm .... some pople shuld just shut their mouths ..! 
hehe .. :) 
takin a ride on the crazy train ... 
Sum people are just sooo fricken funny !! 
don't come at me like that cuz it dont fly with me !! 
why is it always drama ? im not gonna make it but i sure aint gonna take it so BACK OFF ! 
despite other peoples drama , im still having a grEat day !! 
well looks like i didn't lose any sleep over it :) 
Had a great day ! < PROPFEMALE>'s starting to stand on her own and pretty much walking !! Went to the park with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and kids cuz it was sooo nice out ! 
thinks if ur bored u shuld go to gotwarrants.com and make sure u dont have any lol im good i checked haha 
Praying for you always mama , hope u get better ! I love you and miss you hurry home to all of us !! 
is definately on edge ! 
is excited to spend a quiet saturday night at home with my fam !! wish more of them could be here tho :) !!! 
is VERY thankful , but needs some sleep !!! 
Nevermind the sleep !! < PROPFEMALE > been up since 5am .. thats 3 hours in 2 days .. HELP !!! 
you have to take the good with the bad , smile with the sad , love with all you've got , and remember what you had . always forgive but never forget . learn from your mistakes , but never regret . people change , things go wrong , but just remember life goes on !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFEMALE > close to walking ! She's trying so hard !! I'm so excited and I cant wait !! 
YaY ! < PROPFEMALE > took her first steps this morning :D 
does anyone's kids NOT have influenza or h1n1 ?!?! jesus everyone including my little < PROPFEMALE > is sick ... im hoping this will all go away really super fast ... please ! 
unless you've lived my life , dont judge me because you dont know , never have and never will know every little thing or detail about me . got a problem with me ? solve it . think im trippin ? tie my shoes . cant stand me ? sit down . cant face me ? turn around . 
Just can't believe my baby girl can walk now !! =) 
It's always an interesting time when I go there . :P lol 
6 more days and my baby turns 1 !!! i'm so excited !! I love you < PROPFEMALE > =D 
My baby girl is 1 today , i can't believe it !! I love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > =) 
FML !! I hate hospitals ! Just hoping this is all a scare and we can take u home again ! 
What a nightmare !! 
Has definately had better dayz !! 
And I wonder what will happen tomorrow ?!?!?.. lol 
thinks life is just sooo GREAT ! haha FML 
LoveD the sun today ! 
I may not be able to stop the down pour but i'll always take a walk with you in the rain 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself \"" 
It's always the same its just a shame thats all ... 
Just waiting at the hospital .... hopefully < PROPFEMALE>'s done soon and everything went well !! 
c'est la vie ...... 
Is pretty excited 4 2nite ! 
I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence ; I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake in which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping ; I have you in my ?.... Repost if you have someone special in heaven . 
OoO HaPpY DaY !! 
really wants my poor baby to feel better ! hav been to both the doctor nd ER in like 12hrs could really use a few hours of sleep !! 
IT'S SISTER WEEK ! if you have a sister who makes your life interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life , and generally makes life interesting by being around , copy and paste this to your status with their names at the end . Chanteal < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dreyer 
\When men on the chessboard Get up and tell you where to go And you've just had some kind of mushroom And your mind is moving low Go ask < PROPFEMALE > I think she'll know \"" 
Lucky I'm Sane after all I've been through , I can't complain but sometimes I still do ! I go to parties sometimes til four it's hard to leave when you can't find the door ...... 
Sorry bout saturday everyone !! i was really drunk 
wishes < PROPFEMALE > was a little bit older so she could come to www and actually hav fun 
Had fun @ www with all the kids today but cant wait to enjoy the tiki bar kid free !! 
awesome night saturday with the ladies ( < PROPFEMALE > Learing & Malyssa Schneider) ! wish i could've stayed longer with the fam on sunday night tho :( 
WoW ...! 
Thanks for all the bday wishes ... i love u all :P 
needs a back massage !! excited for the show tonight ...! 
vodka anyone ? 
We thought of you today , But that is nothing new . We thought of you yesterday And will tomorrow , too . We think of you in silence And make no outward show . For what it meant to lose you Only those who love you know . Remembering you is easy , We do it everyday . It's the heartache of losing you That will never go away . Cant believe its been 13 years .. I LOVE YOU DADDY 
YuCk ! 
HaPpY hUmP dAy ! can't wait for the weekend !! 
wishes it was easier .. y is the right thing always the hardest ? 
Disturbed kicked my ass last night .. my neck hurts sooo bad !! it was awesome tho =) 
Its long but funny so read it !! Growing up ... your best friend turns into your worst enemy , lollipops turn into ciggarettes , the innocent ones turn into sluts , homework goes in the trash , detention becomes suspension , soda becomes vodka , undies turn into g-strings , kisses turn into sex . remember when getting high meant swinging on the playground , when protection meant wearing a helmet , 
LOVE MY SISTER WEEK : If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on , kept you strong , and prays for your happiness , copy and paste this into your status . I have the BEST sisters in the world !! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dreyer & Chanteal < PROPMALE > 
is sooo ready for the WeEkEnD !!! 
He pees on your fucking rug ? 
.. i can never tell u wht i feel my face culd never show wht is not real ... 
My eye has been twitching 4 ovr a week nd wont stop .. lol wht does tht mean ? 
i am going 2 sleep sooo hard 2nite .. it will b amazing :) 
.. smebody please stop these damn animals ..!! 
Holy shit green transformer .. wher r u taking me !? 
Happy 2nd birthday to my beautiful little girl !! Mommy loves you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !! 
... if you only knew ... 
nd as always ... no rest 4 the wicked ! 
... i swim but i wish i never learnd .. the waters 2 polluted with germs ... 
u r awesome but seriously ive never seen u this fukt up .. haha 
.. wOw .. 
Wow .. 35mph on the way bak frm luverne ... Its gna b a looong drive . Its a good thing im prePared 
Im not sober all the time .. u bring me down @ least u try . until we see this eye 2 eye ... i dont want u 
Oo sleep ... i miss u . 
is ready 2 find out if a lil < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > nd vodka will help strep throat ..! 
xcited 2 go see the whole ( well almost the whole ) fam damily 
holy sh*t batman !! 
when your day is done nd u wana ride on ...... 
.. party bus bound in a few hours i hope !! 
