going out soon . text it : 215-279-3357 

Sooooo bored !!!! 
Hate fucking sister 
Violence is the key to my happiness :) 
Ka-Me-Ha-Me-Ha !!!!! 
Survived another boring day at my parents ' stupid resturant 
My laptop is old as hell . Either i get a new one , or i'll kill my freakin cheap parents 
Got my braces off , sucks for the people that still has braces 
Do u guys think a dollar was really worth lighting my tongue on fire by putting 5 hot peppers in my mouth for 10 mins 
I just destroyed about 4 dozen spraycans with a crowbar . Its so awesome . ( flying spraycans exists ) 
I'm so bored , I'm about to kill my grandparents just for entertainment 
Goodbye freshman year , hello sophomore year and summer vacation !!!! 
4th , 3rd , & 2nd graders are demons 
My new nickname for the 4th , 3rd , & 2nd grade demons \bacon eaters \"" 
Im afraid of going to the trip tomorrow , the bacon eaters might < PROPMALE > bowling balls at me !! 
Bacon eaters constantly attacking me while skimming . Almost drowned 20 times 
Roller skating today , still afriad bacon eaters pushing me , then i fall and scrape my knee and rip my face off 
I'm more sad than happy that Friday is our last summer camp 
Just finished a god damn famous pounder at cheeburger cheeburger , about to explode 
My freaking birthday 
I saw a mouse in my parents resturant today , i tried to catch it , but tripped over a chair and fell , EPIC FAIL !! 
Today i was helping my dad cut the brances off of our backyard tree and i saw a purple branch 
%I realized that mychonny from youtube is much funnier to asians cause we can understand what he is actually saying when he puts subtitles on when he is s 
%peaking chinese 
I hate parents that says ur not full when u are 
Going to AC today 
who screamed my name at phili at 8/29 , cause i didnt hear u 
My gramma thinks im psychic bcause i kno when the lights turn green on a strret light 
hate doing algebra homework online 
Going to play Smackdown Vs Raw 2011 until my bus comes to bring us to school at 6:45 
I'm not a true Asian since i'm not in Geometry like most of my Asian friends are :( 
doing my five < PROPFEMALE > spelling homework thats due tomorrow , DAMN IT !!! 
i feel like a noob cause im playing my old ps1 videogames 
My eyes are in intense pain , so im going to sleep early at 11:45 
EPIC < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
my flat screen tv is a piece of shit 
1 thing that is annoying me is the facebook spamers . GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY FB U ASSHOLES 
is playing black ops for wii and it's very confusing 
Pokepark !! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Epic Yarn is the next game im playing 
Yea , snow !!! 
Passed my driving test . 82 
for the first time since 2009 , i actually feel horribly sick , stupid flu season 
My blue hair dye attempt failed ! I still have black hair :( 
listening to music on my new ps3 
it's been a long time since i've been on fb on a computer 
I finally got my pokemon black version 
Spring is almost here thank god 
