recently came back from germany , got lots to do and lots of time to do it 

Gotta wake up early for my man date tomorrow . 
freshman orientation today . got myself disoriented . also had my first lesson for singing . people like her inspire me . mexican cokes !!! 
Barbacoa today . surprised we havent been having these every day . 
doesnt like his voice right now 
strange day . 
did chingos of chores today . gonna relax to some chill zeppelin 
is all yoga'd out and ready to leave for mexico tomorrow morning 
pero que < PROPFEMALE > me la estoy pasando aqui en cuiliacan . la monse es < PROPFEMALE > preciosura ! :D 
the palazuelos family has a new dog , solovino . hes pretty strange , but so are most things that i like . hippies didnt show today due to absence of sun 
Loves the smell of rain . 
Shopping for a car . couldnt be more confused . 
pretty cool first day as a college student 
Got a brand new beautiful bike . simply gorgeous . any thoughts as to a name for him/her ? 
thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday . it was good , but i feel old 
begins to open his heart for all and one to take 
My bike messed up a little bit . but the weather is nice , i think ill stroll on home now . 
The trees rustle in the wind , acorns fall and smash against the pavement . The sun shines behind me as I read Voices From the Love Generation . My mind feels at peace . 
My fingers itch for the fretboard 
I just saw < PROPMALE > here at ros house . this time he didnt have a knife in hand :) 
Smash brothers and twi-nerds life bist gut 
Smash bros , beatles rockband and twi-nerd discussions . life bist gut 
funny how much a single random conversation can improve my mood . i miss the days when i was always happy , im like a country thats always had great weather but is just now becoming gloomier and foggy . ill try and ride this nice mood for a while 
made some new friends , payed attention in class , got my feet wet 
EDAMER !! 
Rearranging furniture so now theres a big gap for the tree . hes starting to feel the spirit 
I love wednesday nights 
mocos ! i hate being sick ... 
help ! i have a biolab final tomorrow and i have no idea what to study 
ill get you , < PROPMALE > charming ... 
its too dark and too early 
the clouds seem like theyre beginning to clear , Phish is rocking out in the background >:3 
nowhere man please listen , you don't know what you're missing nowhere man , the world is at your command 
Schools practically over ! now i just have to study for final exams . but who knows when those'll be :) 
spawn more overlords 
gonna go get teeth taken out of my head . should be interesting 
dont wanna studyyyy 
i think to myself , what have i done with the time ive been given today . i played starcraft . day well spent :) 
has a 4.0 gpa !! woot !! 
gracias a todos que me felicitaron :) i hope you all had a < PROPFEMALE > christmas and happy new year ! 
back in culichitown !! 
Gonna go to a < PROPMALE > marley themed bar , then to an 80s club . in any case , tonight sounds like fun 
hmm ... nothing beats mexican junk food . im gonna be fat by the time i come back . not sure if thats possible yet 
i lost 30 pesos on the roullette tonight D: i did better than i usually do though ! 
hi 
avatar blew my freakin mind . late , i know . 
had tons of fun playing with his niece , her majesty < PROPFEMALE > monserrat :) 
Such an eventful winter vacation ! like 6+ parties that included a quince and a wedding . coming back to the valley is depressing . especially with school starting tomorrow 
skipped my second class cause its all just syllabus stuff anyway . good day otherwise 
all wound up from not sleeping and other unknown reasons . i should just lay down on the carpet and sort out my coils . 
I love how high i can get when we speak . you get me out of the worst of moods . thank you :) 
freakin pants keep getting caught in the bike gear ! 
no , tinkerbell . no ! tinkerbell ! TINKERBELL ! DX 
getting tired of this ' bug ' thats going around . the one that says youve supposedly gotten a comment . also my computer . im scared that one of these days im gonna turn it off and it wont come back for good o.o 
You tell me it's the institution Well , you know You better free your mind instead 
busy day . classes shouldnt be allowed to end this late :P 
moonbow :) 
dont wanna do calculus .... panam has me spoiled so bad 
cant feng shui the computers at panam to play starcraft . improve haxxor skills a must . 
It's Doppelgänger week . Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status or send it to your friends . Screw that . He looks like ME xP 
tuve < PROPFEMALE > sueño que la monse tenia diez años . uuf ! < PROPFEMALE > gustaba dibujar y pintar :) 
Working . Or at least I should be 
Damn , The Beatles are beautiful . 
lol , i didnt go kayaking , but the yoga was definitely a lot of fun :) 
I feel so dazed and confused . 
Ocean child , you call to me 
i stumbled upon a time capsule for my self from a few years back : \stay cool . eat cheese . dont stress . live in the moment . \ " :) " 
out already :) 
is so excited to go to < PROPFIRST > this weekend 
amping up my cooking skills 
a million kisses wouldnt be enough to express my gratitude . thank you so much 
this weeks gonna be crazy , i should be studying . but i cant help it if my reread of < PROPMALE > potter 7 is getting good ... right ? 
Loves the feeling you get when you find out that class is cancelled , but hates it when you realize that you could've slept an extra hour 
Wayy too many options on what to do this weekend . 
spring break 2k10 !! :D 
been a good two years since i looked at any guitar tabs , it feels like cheating lol 
Finances : the F word . 
ive taken over this account toooo >=D 
sigh 
Is determined to get to the bottom of this . those who spread negativity shouldnt be able to get away with it 
totally had my day tripped , but it was made up for later :) 
the midnight , she stole my voice 
Rain , I don't mind . Shine , the weather's fine . 
Schneller !! D: 
[ rainy days are a state of mind . shine through , the weathers fine ] but getting bummed out cause the drum circle got cancelled is another thing entirely lol ( not really ) 
is reading an amazing book 
i love the feeling of finishing a book . lay down , breathe deep , and soak in the afterglow 
Do you want to save the last old-growth < PROPMALE > in McAllen ? Vote AGAINST the bond that will demolish beautiful bird nesting ' < PROPFEMALE > Gully'-like wonderness !! FIGHT FOR THE < PROPMALE > FOOLS !!!!!!! - < PROPMALE > 
a great earth day was had , sitting among the stars in earth : love is all and love is everyone . happy earth day everyone 
jammed with Mrs tambourine girl and saw a crazy movie . cant wait for the pillowfight tomorrow ... er ... later today 
sometimes you gotta just grab the bucket of mosquitoes and dump it in the lake , man 
a shot in the dark wall of facebook : any of you scitechians willing to host a < PROPMALE > for a year ? 
best sunset ive seen all year , and great cosmological tv shows . finding productivity in what some might call inactivity 
so fate , it seemed , was determined to leave me a chill little < PROPFEMALE > to kitten-sit 
the last of my days at panam 
Here i stand head in hand , Turn my head to the wall . If shes gone , i cant go on , feeling two feet tall . ( You've got to hide your love away ) 
only one more day until the voting begins ! i feel like i should be spending every moment working for this bond issue 
save our park ! save our < PROPMALE > ! ( dang my voice hurts ) 
We saved paradise , stopped up those parking lots . With the voice of the people , we changed a hell of a lot . Well don't it always seem to go , that you don't know what you've got till its gone . We saved paradise , stopped up those parking lots ! 
is whining about exams 
drum circle next friday ! time of day and location to be announced at a later date 
mmm jello 
ive never been to so many parties in one night . 3 parties and then the one fake party . lol thanks guys 
snuck into the botanical gardens . its great in there ! we need to work to get this park open again . cause it obviously has to be put to human use to be useful 
this account has been hijacked >:D muahahahahaha . -xanthus . 
so some buffaloes chased me around a field the other day . i kinda wish i was joking lol 
so i also got chased by seagulls today . they would dive right for me , squawk loudly , then barely avoid me . i think its cause i was getting close to their nest 
Sing about a girl .... 
You should have seen the curse that flew right by you . ( cause i know i never saw it coming ) 
lol , so i have a car now . attached came a laundry list of stuff i gotta do for it 
i had the day all planned out but somewhere in the middle of it i collapsed onto my bed and listened to music for what seemed like hours 
DO YOU BELIEF IT 
this is for getting me back > +D ! 
little by little going through the laundry list , into the river with tangerine trees and marmalade skies 
THE HACKING WILL NEVARR CEAASEE ! 
im really glad we can be friends again 
attention ladies . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a sexy beast . and hes good at everything you could ever imagine . 
humanity dies , but earth lives on . a new race emerges under the sun 
was it the summer before he left , or the summer before he came ? 
Im playing tomorrow at the open mic night at the G collective ! you all should go ! 
damn , last night was awesome . a little < PROPFEMALE > girl leading me around the house , great performances , and some afterparty jamming in a sauna-room , to list a few of the events . 
all in all , an awesome day . now lets see where the midnight breeze is headed 
i said im soerry , < PROPFEMALE > :( 
lifes no fun without a couple cuts and scratches , ' specially when the spirit of adventure calls 
frankly my friend , you live on mars . 
is counting the days until his computer flat out refuses to turn on . dinosaur's old , man . 
falafel burgers ! 
aaarrrgh my stomach hurtss .. surely im being punished for forgetting to do something special on the summer solstice yet again Dx 
computer virus .... 
i havent eaten anything all day . im considering fasting sometime in the future , and im glad that day one wasnt bad at all 
yesterday was awesome . never had better sushi 
< PROPFEMALE > garden was amazinnnngg . and i managed to not feel engentado for once 
my performance was really bad ... but the rest of the night was awesome ! vuvuzela trolling for the win 
back in the valley , made some fettuccine and kicked the < PROPMALE > 
got an apartment ! 2500 exp received 
SCHLAND OH SCHLAND !! :D \ 
fuck yeah deutchland 
Wow . never have i done so much and so little . 
its about seeing whats there , chico . dont overthink . just see it and the rest will follow 
marinade your life with love . let sit in refrigerator for 30 minutes . 
< PROPFIRST > the Clairvoyant Cephalopod . Fuckin ' wanker , he is . YES , i am blaming my world cup woes on an octopus . 
migration southward before daybreak . mexican weddings are damn fun . 
imma eat some octopus tonight . you know why . if you dont , google < PROPFIRST > the pinche octopus . its gonna be gewwwwwwwd 
el viaje a las albercas de imala me caiyo muy bien a mis auras jeje 
dear god , i think im starting to fall in love with the sushi here . just not the kind with bacon , lol seriously . the sushi has bacon . 
<< A que soy < PROPFEMALE > princesa ! >> << Y yo tu valiente ninja >> << si ! :D >> << Bueno , princesa monserrat . ¡Ahora es tiempo para rescatarte ! >> 
sprog in louisiana !! countdown : one week 
im sad to announce that im not going to sprog after all . things got complicated ... what i shouldve done is prepare this last week for my move down to < PROPFIRST > , but alas , its me . 
the best thing about recycling day at my house are all the bags of cans . most definitely . 
so i jumped into the pool with my phone ..... i know , i know . hopefully it'll still work , but im not turning it on till like tomorrow . at least . Dx 
i am woman . here me ROOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAR . 
busy < PROPFEMALE > bumbles while the others do the chamba chamba 
so orientations done . im not sure when i was ever lost but at least its over with . met some pretty cool people . on the same note , if you spin an asian person around , do they become disoriented ? 
the crisis has been averted . the beast was slain and i have come out stronger 
day two of fast . feeling a sense of heightened spiritual awareness , but my head kinda hurts and i have little energy to walk around this huge campus 
hmmmmmmm .......... so ... uh ........ hi . :) 
soon enough the gods themselves shall employ me to build them cities worthy of < PROPFEMALE > herself . soon enough .... 
only being able to solve 3 out of 14 homework problems can be disheartening , but its not like its due tomorrow 
calculusssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
you won the battles , but im afraid theres still a war going on . just wait mang 
i've missed you , my dear , flat , Valley . 
thank you to everyone who wished me a happy september the eighth . it was a beautiful wednesday , as usual . and special thanks to you guys who sent me text messages , i cant send texts right now , but they brightened my wednesday so thanks again ! 
i love you , yoCrunch :3 
hrmm .. missed the parkour club meeting . just gotta do cal homework and then im all yours , glee season 1 
Because the wind is high , it blows my mind . Because the wind is high . Love is old , love is new . Love is all , love is you . i figured out the song without the use of tablature ! now i need to get the < PROPFEMALE > down . any takers for helping me out with some mind shattering harmonies ? :) 
fuzzy strawberry 
day's long nostalgia of two years past . creepy . also distracting me from the two tests i have coming up .... 
so a unicorn lady gave me acl tickets today . phish and the black keys for the magical winnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
memories of blurry pasts passed me . not sure what was up with my energies this last week or so 
Beautiful Valley weekend . i miss you already .... now back to studyan . 
gah . insta-pizza and no microwave .. tldr : i want mah pizzuhhhhh .... 
effervesce , ovoid vivific <3 
that dream .... i'm pretty sure it'll haunt me for ages to come 
6th street on all hallows ' < PROPFEMALE > . too cool :3 hopefully many pictures to come 
>:3 
i hate ambiguity ... :/ 
pita piiiitttttttt ..!! i am excite 
i'm coming to you , my love . your flat physique and your spanish accent i miss so . < PROPFEMALE > Garcia Velazquez , just a little longer . ahhhh Dx i miss the valley 
i love meat . i love sausage , beef , chicken , fish . yum yum yum . nom nom nom . meat meat meat . veggitarian is dum . :DDDDDDDDDDD 
i used to hate tailor swift because i thought she was encouraging women to be weak . but now i love her because her songs describe my life D: - < PROPMALE > Duran i love you marley :D 
the vegetarian industry is fucked up and polluting - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > xDD 
< PROPFIRST > is way better at smash than me . 
It's just a jump to the left ... 
i just went through every single photo i've ever been tagged in . something about ( not ) studying for exams makes you do things you would never do -.- 
uhg ... help me . make me do this project . : l 
Dear < PROPFIRST > . I hope you have a safe trip to < PROPFIRST > . hope our car doesnt break down . see you during christmas break . \ 
\ 
your former self who loves you truly ~ \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Gillett the Third . \ 
also .. waffles . lots and lots of waffle . theyre everywhere . watch out . they are delicious . nomnomnom 
knocking on < PROPMALE > powers door with hundreds of other students demanding a voice in the racist budget cuts . today was purdy kewl . 
< PROPFEMALE > Castles and Beethoven :) memories of prom night and beautiful piano concertos xD 
omegle is extremely entertaining . and creepy o.o 
in buenos aires . the airs seem to be good enough , but with this next flight to mendoza it´ll have been over 24 hours in planes and airports . uff ... 
here on the base of the mountain , looks like thay have internet :D so yesterday i re-met my guide from six years ago on kilimanjaro ! small world doesnt even begin to describe it xD i love you all ! wish me gewd lucks . i should be able to log on again in about a week 
looks like ill be here at base camp for two more days . so i realized that this year i shall get two summer solstices ! also its snowing beautifully here :) 
through mindful breathing of each aching step i became not-I . \i\ " became the mountain and i conquered myself :) " 
eu falo portuñol :D 
hidden Grand pianos <3 
hes come from south < PROPFEMALE > , home on christmas day in the morning :D 
Yerba maté 
You know what i love doing ? taking hot fiery poops . mmmmmmmmmhm 
