bored in the snow in wenatchee 

The road may have a disaster sign up ahead but you just keep on truckin ' 
im moving !!! ...... 4 blocks down the road . hahaha ! i have the power of the universe ! 
i do not understand for the life of me why guys talk in stereo 
hello fresh starts ! 
cleaning everything from the beginning\ 
ive got to get my mind cleared \ 
to achieve zen 
saturdays the day 
hey hey hey ! guess what ?? 
hello my peeps . im back in seattle ! 
got back from < PROPFIRST>'s this weekend . uber fun to see the family again . can't wait till Fort Ebey 
OMG my grandma and I were going through one of her book shelves and she laid an < PROPMALE > Hitchcock book on the bed . I went to pick it up to check it out and there was a HUGE wolf spider on the pages standing over a HUGE nest . It was petrifying 
i got a job interview at QFC on 15th and 145th . its too far away but it'll do i think . we'll see . 
i feel like poo 
biiiig weekend ahead ----- lake city parade !!!! YAY 
i just bought a whole bunch a new books ! 
im at brandons yay ! i beat 3 colossi from shadow of the colossus !!!!! im awesome !!!! 
the stars are soooooooo pretttyyyyyyyyy 
I beat The Shadow of Colossus !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
going to follow up interview today for value village !!!!!!!!! hope i get it 
i got the job !!!!!!!!! i start on friday 
I just bought the most amazing Dr. < PROPFIRST>'s boots !!!! They're a dream come true 
Today I'm seeing The Other Guys AND Dinner With Schmucks . I'm soooo excited . 
The Other Guys was awesome and hilarious , but Dinner For Schmucks was kind of stupid . The ending was nice but other than that it was a waste of money . 
OMG the most amazing thing happened today ! I found my brother on Facebook ! Thank the gods for the internet . I haven't heard from him in 9 years . Turns out he's in Iraq with the Army . That's my big bro !!! 
i hate phones . 
Bored beyond all belief . 
Sunburnt , tired , need more black clothes , have to wake up at like 5 for the next week . I hate commuting to work 
played guitarhero for the first time at < PROPFIRST>'s today . totally sweet 
talkin on the phone to the gramma 
kickin butt on cabella's hunting game .... it is so much fun killing stuff !!!!!! 
is tired and annoyed 
going to see the last exorcism tonight with < PROPFIRST > , then going to wildwaves in the morning with < PROPMALE > . first free weekend in forever !! 
i hate the orange button 
< PROPFIRST > thought lebron < PROPFIRST > played with the lakers 
chicken for dinner . whadup ! 
new dress !!!!! 
ouch 
my hair was not supposed to be pink !!!!!!!! arghhhhhhhhh !!!!!! 
I'm gonna see Everest college on saturday ... being proactive about my future 
err 
Everyday I wake up at this ungodly hour even though I don't have to wake up till 8:15 !!! BAH 
to do cosplay for halloween ? or not to do cosplay for halloween ? that is the question . \ 
I could be < PROPFEMALE > , sailor < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > vivi or countless others .... votes ??? 
when im really happy or sad or depressed my eyes turn glacier blue . when im normal they're greyish blue 
what about misa amane ? that'd be sweet 
AHHHHHHH What a wonderful day 
It's too early for the birds to sing 
just bought a sweet shirt yo 
well ........ sean of the dead was epic 
at grandmas-microwave dinner . epic . 
new piercings !!!!!! 
i feel like poo-my throat is soar , i got a headache , lights hurt my eyes , i gotta pee , im sleepy , feel dizzy ..... errrrrr 
can't sleep !!!!!!!!! 
brandons making fun of my accent-what a bitch 
my lip hurts 
looking at a naked guy covered in blood on cops . lol 
playing < PROPFIRST > the Fisherman by Primus on guitar hero and i was one note sort of being perfect when i sneezed .... 
watching < PROPFIRST > playing shadow of the colossus 
Reunion : < PROPFIRST > Divoky , Murren Kennedy , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Girtch , and < PROPFIRST > Szymusiak . Four best friends from freshman year 
going to go see everest today . to go to college or not to go to college . that is the question 
--- GOING TO COLLEGE !!!! I start October 26th !!!!!!!! --- 
slept in till 130 today !!! what an amazing week 
when the zombie apocalypse happens im gonna be the crazy chick with a machete 
Finally just beat Cabela's Legendary Hunt . The last hunt was the easiest 
woot 
gotta play ocarina of time .... 
just realized gorillaz has two songs that have to do with < PROPMALE > eastwood ... is there something behind this ?? cuz < PROPMALE > eastwood is pretty pimp 
super happy bout going to college .... but why can't i have coloured hair , and piercings , and tattooss ......... argh 
Going to the doc today -- work accident overload !!!!!!!!!! Hopefully nothing wrong or massage might be a problem .... 
going camping tomorrow at fort ebey on whidbey island , on the coast . super stoked . won't be home tilll sunday ! hope it doesn't rain ... 
yo im home ! 
blah 
Double Tap 
Getting a tat tomorrow 
went home early from work today .... felt anxiety coming on 
one of two 
i cut my hair !!!!!!! i love noodle .... 
poo poo poo ... can't wait for halloween . i finally found my thigh high pink tights for my costume ( < PROPFIRST > from Venture Bros . ) 
so cold 
rawr rawr rawr 
next on life's list : find a job 
start college today ! 
Organic chemistry is boring ... can't wait for things to pick up in anatomy/physiology 
did you know gelatin is made from bones ??? 
argh !!!! sick , gauged lip piercings ( hurt like nuts ) , crazy saturday ( best halloween party ever ) , and an anatomy quiz . Why ????!!!!!! 
i can't believe im not even registered to vote 
i need a job !!!!! 
my phone's about to die ... poo 
eatin macaroni . eatin macaroni ... nom nom nom 
waka waka waka . party party party . blah blah blah . 
Getting picked up by the shuttle at 3 . getting to the airport by 4 . Boarding the plane at 6 . Be in St. < PROPFIRST > by 11 or 12 . No sleep . And when I get home I got the stupid bank to deal with and a week full of make up classes and finals . I can't wait for November to be over . 
saw < PROPMALE > potter . totally epic , crappy cliffhanger ......... if you hadn't read the book 
OBLIVION !!!!! 
i want my long pink hair back ! this is what i get for being bored and impulsive ... atleast i learned something from this . \ 
The solstice is on tuesday !!!! don't forget ! 
on the agenda for today : tattoo , play Oblivion , clean , and read . Sounds like a harmonious day . 
billssss and sicky 
why didn't i know i had to pick-pocket Methredhel .. 
Why does my Rhomboid hurt ?!!! 
steelers yo 
seaweed wrap . for heavens sake i smell like fish . 
NEED A JOB !!!!!! 
This is Halloween This is Halloween pumpkins scream in the dead of night ... 
Why , oh why , does nothing EVER go according to plan ? 
Hoping to get a job at < PROPMALE > . waiting for a reply . 
Got a job at < PROPMALE > . I start today :) 
My pandora is being retarded 
Who wants to see System of a Down with me ? 
Why do they tease us with the previews of Skyrim when it doesn't come out till November ?!!!!!!! 
Saturday : < PROPFIRST>'s bday woop ! And a whole lotta nothins 
Just filed my taxes for the first time ! 
daft punk ... 
So I've been waiting since October for the new Shadow of the Colossus game to come out . I went to gamestop today to make sure the game was coming out on Saturday and they said it was moved till December . I almost cried , but the dude gave me a hi five for ruining my year . 
