I know it's the New Year and I should be settling my resolve to do something new and exciting in 2010 , but honestly I am just praying with much < PROPMALE > for God to show mercy , give guidance , and hem my family with protection this year . BTW you are included in this prayer because after all we are one BIG family . 

Thinking about New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . . . Standing with < PROPMALE > in the < PROPFEMALE > clear night air at two in the morning looking at the beautiful blue < PROPFEMALE > in the sky and listening to < PROPFEMALE > Jam's \Just Breathe . \ " Thank you God for moments like these . . . . " 
is down . . . I'm not able to help with VBS at church this year . Our border collie , Lady < PROPFEMALE > ( 19yrs old ) has been missing since Sat . afternoon and we have searched every where . Gonna try to get in a better mood , wish you all a good day and a great VBS a 
Good Morning , Hope you have a great day . Don't let the enemy ( Satan ) get you down . Blessings and prayer to all the VBS people out there , I know of three churches who are having VBS this week and I'm sure there are more ! Reach the world for Christ and sp 
Well it's hump day and mid morning so we're almost over the hill on this week . Hope it's been a good one , if not , I pray it will get better for you , and that no matter what is going on around you , you can reach within and find the strength , courage , and 
I just started to write something negative , about how I can't wait for this week to be over , but then God spoke to me and said I was being very ungrateful of all the wonderful things He has done for me and others this week . The Good things - Think on The 
Had a great weekend and ready for a wonderful week . It's almost 6:00 and I have laundry started , and the crock pot going . Expect something really great from the Lord , so hold on with all your heart , mind and strength . Have a good one out there ! 
Expecting kiddos any minute , drinking coffee and doing laundry ( yes , again ) . Gonna tune into the Vine at 90.9 and listen to the morning show . I know God is gonna bless you today and I'm praying you'll see it and be thankful for all He allows and gives t 
Women of Faith was great this past weekend got to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Chapman , again , he's always so good , and if you wonder if Mandisa is as energtic in concert as her music is the answer is YES ! Loved her music , and now I know I love her . The speakers w 
Have a great day and for some the start of a long weekend ! Hope you see the blessings of the Lord today in the world around you and within your own spirit . Take care and be careful on the road . Remember there are those who love and care about you , depe 
Monday , Monday , I like this day . The beginning of a new day in the world . Got re-charged yesterday during church services and am ready to begin again . My personal Bible study is done , laundry is started , prayed while doing the dishes , ( I do this alot ! ) 
God is so good my hubby has a romantic evening planned and He had a friend stop by on her way to Centralia just to give me a hug . Thanks Sheilia , I needed that hug . Love You ! 
Waiting to be inspired ! Yes , believe it or not I seem to be at a loss for words . Not unhappy or anything like that , just don't know how to express what I feel . Just waiting on the Lord . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Trusting the Lord to provide what I need today , even though I'm not certain what it is that I need . . . Trusting in His plan and His timing . . . Trusting Him and striving to obey His word to me . Sounds easy but , blind trust has never been easy for me . I 
Just checking all your posts and thanking the good Lord for you and praying for all that you have going on . Not much but the day to day happening here at the Pace's . Thankful for the day to day , and praying only good surprizes for all of us . Remember n 
Someone very dear to us that would not like it a bit if I put it on FB went to the hospital with serious chest pains . Found out late last night that it was not a blood clot to the lungs , or the heart ( THIS is a good suprize ! ) Still more tests to find ou 
Mothers and Fathers who encourage their daughters to be sharp tongued be warned-Nice Christian men are looking for young ladies with sharp minds , and sweet spirits . There is nothing wrong with being wise and sweet . ( PS-This comment does not apply to my 
Please pray for a woman who is very close to < PROPMALE > and I that has to have a cath done Monday , because of blockage that has been found . She is having chest pains and that's what sent her to the hospital for tests . She is still at the hospital in Paducah a 
Some of you responded to my request for a dear lady close to < PROPMALE > and I that had a cath scheduled for 1 PM today . Well thank you for your prayers and PRAISE GOD FOR A WONDERFUL MIRACLE ! Chest pains and positive tests results are no match for the POWER O 
When the world knocks your feet out from under you , fall on your face and pray ! Prayer changes things ! Regardless of circumstance , have a good day in the Lord ! 
Have you failed ? I have . Have you asked for forgiveness and received it ? I have . Then why does it keep coming back to remind me ? Is it the enemy trying to hold me back ? Is it the Lord saying , careful don't go there again ? Is it me just playing that 
Great time with the family for < PROPMALE>'s B-day last night . Planned on all going to church together but , others came over and the time got away from us . Really missed the mid-week service . It always helps refresh and restore . Hope your day goes well . Pra 
I will not join Farm Town , I will not join Farm Town , I WILL NOT JOIN FARM TOWN ! If I repeat it often enough , maybe I'll have the resolve to NOT do it , no matter how many of you invite me to be your neighbor . Kinda nice knowing you want me for a neighbo 
Great weekend starting with Girl's Nite Out with old and dear friends , laughed so much , closed the place down and then stood in the parking lot until we thought we better get home before they sent out a posse . Saturday was catch up day and deacon ministr 
Not much going on today and I hope it stays that way . Looking forward to mid week prayer and Bible study meeting tonight . I have house work and laundry to do but , not really in to it today . I needs some energy and I've only been up for a few hours . I 
Great weekend with the family . My Nephew is now married and < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFIRST > made it home from World-Changers ! Congrats to < PROPFIRST > and Linzy . Lots of stories and one excited young lady home from mission trip . ( Thinks we should ALL go next year . ) Love that ! 
How come none of my fb friends are on here to chat ? Oh yeah , It's 4:15 in the morning is why ! LOL Early to bed early to rise , makes a man healthy , wealthy , and wise , but by three this afternoon I will just be tired . Have a good day you all . Luv U ! 
Couldn't sleep last night , my face and neck are waaaaay to itchy . Yes I said itchy ! I have poison < PROPFEMALE > on my neck and face and it is very irritating . Got meds for it last night , and am hoping and praying it goes away soon . I am very allergic to the stuff and it just keeps spreading . I do not believe the anti-itch claim on the meds but it does help a little bit . Please Lord make it go away ! 
Slept a little better last night , mostly because I was so very tired , not because the itching has stopped . Oh well , time and the meds will help sooner or later right ? You guys have a great day and enjoy the last days with the family before school begins . Frankly I love the fall and October and November weather is my favorite time of the year . Enjoy today , have faith and look with hope toward the future . 
Hey Guys ! I'm back ! If anything extremely important happened in the last week , please let me know . I can't possible review all the days and notes from you all so please keep me updated if I need to know something . I've missed you all and hope you have had a good week in the Lord . Please don't be offended if I ignore all the pillow , food fight , and farkle requests . Thanks for all the good wishes and blessings ! 
God bless the public and private school students , admin ., teachers , staff , and all the families this year with safety , strength , courage to do the right thing , wisdom , < PROPFEMALE > , and endurance . A little knowledge is a scary thing , it can allow for quick judgments and leaves room for untruths but love for God and others is the beginning of all wisdom . Help us O Lord to be wise . 
Today is THR but , it's my last day of working this week . < PROPMALE > and I have a long weekend planned to celebrate 22 years of wonderful marriage , 24 years of being together . We have now been together for as long as we were alive before we married . Thank you Lord for the blessing of my friend , soul mate , and husband . Have a great day and tell someone special to you how much you love them and appreciate them in your life . 
It's Monday , It's early and I had an awesome weekend . Got to get started on planning dinner , laundry , and doing late last night dishes . God is so good to allow me to do these little things for the people I love most in life . Try looking at everything you \have\ " to do as a \ " get\ " to do today and see what a difference it can make in your attitude and the attitude of those around you . " 
Looking forward to the sunrise and the day the Lord has made . Have a good one everybody ! 
Loving my Lord , my family , my country , and my life as a whole . Lord Thank You , Thank You , Thank You ! 
< PROPMALE>'s already gone to have some much needed guy time with a close friend today and while he's gone a dear old friend and I are gonna hit the quilt and fabric stores and see what's new . No , I'm not into quilting , though I do adore quilts , that's her thing . Does it really matter what you are doing when you are doing it with someone who is a true friend ? Hope you have someone wonderful to spend this day with . 
The Lord is my provision and strong tower in Him I will place my trust . Look toward the Lord of all creation today for what you need and place your trust in things eternal , instead of the temporal . Love in the moment for the moment is what determines the hour , the day , the week , the year , the decade , the century , and the everlasting . God give us strength and wisdom to make good choices in the moments . 
Okay fellow MTVHS grads , We were discussing where and with whom we ate lunch in high school . ( Don't ask it was a silly conversation . ) So where and with whom did you eat lunch in MTV . If your brave post the year it was when this lunch was consumed . 
Today is the first of Sept . and if you need a starting place this is a good one . Pray , set the goal , and work toward it . With God all things are possible , for those who love Him and are called for His purpose . Work toward the Godly purpose in your life and have a good one out there . 
There's so much on my mind that I'm certain that I need to get off of here and go pray and then do something . Praying and doing something physical , even if it's not related to what I'm praying about , always seems to help my attitude . See you later , going to go get my attitude in check . 
is so very thankful for all her friends . Hugs and kisses to you all , and it's not just an expression of speech . I really do wish you hugs to start out your day and kisses to let you know you are special and loved . Thanks Lord for friends to share the journey and make the burdens lighter . 
My thoughts are as hazy and my body as lazy as the view from my windows this morning . Drinking coffee and thinking about taking more meds . The fall allergy season has arrived . Hope you are able to get out and enjoy the wonderful weather and that you have a great day ! 
No complaining or whinning going on here , just been a busy , wonderful day . ( Those of you at FBC Woodlawn last night know where that comes from . ) Hope you take the time to tell those you love that they are loved by God and by you . Take time before the time has passed to say the little things that matter the most in life and the after life . 
Today when I pray I will use no adverbs , no adjectives , when I speak to God . Placing my trust and my faith in Him and His mercy and grace for my life and the world that He created . Thank you Father for revealing to me a need to trust without limiations and constraints . 
It seems that all my posts on FB from yesterday morning have disappeared . Ironic , when you think about it . Words once spoken cannot be taken back , time once spent is gone . Enjoy today and if you didn't see yesterday's comments , know that I care and that I'm praying for you and yours . Take time to listen , speak when necessary , and above all love , the ones you care about in this moment for it is truly all we have . 
Thank you Lord for the time , the promise of a bright future and eternal life . It's easy to get caught up in the moment ( good or bad ) and forget who has given us the time and who we are responsible to for how that time is spent . Thank you Lord for family , friends , and people yet to meet . Thank you Lord for loving me and putting up with me for 46 years . Please help me to be the person you want me to be . Psalm 139 
What's on my mind and in my heart is overflowing from my lips . Praise and worship for my Redeemer , Savior , and Friend this morning . My cup is full and my heart is overflowing . I worship and adore My Father , His Son , My Savior , and His Spirit that dwells within me and gives lips to the praise that I can not speak for it is joy that is unspeakable and full of His < PROPFEMALE > . 
Attitude is everything ! Change your attitude to gratitude and change your world ! Check yourself today . Is your attitude working for you ! If not , change it and have a great day ! 
Not feeling inspired lately . Any one got a one liner or short story to cheer me up ? ( Inspired does not equal blessed . I KNOW I'm blessed and I'm thankful . ) 
Look for God in all things today . He is there for you in both the good and the bad . He is your strong tower of defense as well as your armour and sword during the offensive . He has a plan and His ways are not our ways . Lord in you I place my trust . Let me be a worthy warrior for You . 
Divisions , Diversities , Differences - Help us Lord to remember , we are all in this together . \Love your neighbor as yourself . \"" 
I will gladly proclaim the < PROPFEMALE > of the Lord to any one who will listen and I will seek to do His will in my life daily . I am a christian and I am humble before my Lord , thankful for His grace and mercy that keeps me safe in the arms of the Almighty , One and Only God . 
Started the weekend with a sad Fri night with a friend whose Dad passed on last week . Then thanks to The Vine , spent a glorious Sat morning practicing with the MW Smith concert choir , then off on a beautiful drive to Kimmswick , MO's Apple Butter Fest with the love of my life . Inspiring worship and bringing of God's Word along with a great time at FBC Woodlawn's Harvest Fest on Sun . Thank you Lord ! Let's go MON ! 
Our hearts are with the Pressgrove , Dare , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > families today as they say goodbye to a dear loved one . God be with them in a very special way is our prayer . 
The Paces are going french tonight for dinner . Candlelight , chicken cordon bleu with < PROPFEMALE > mushroom sauce , croissants , salad , french style green beans , potatoes , and chocolate eclairs for dessert . All homemade ( Except for the croissants , they came from a very good bakery . ) 
Bible study and prayer time , multi grain cereal with raisins and dates , yogurt , chai tea latte , fox news , laundry . Now that's a good start to any day . . . . Hey fb friends , Have a good one and be careful out there ! 
Had a wonderful Friday evening with the love of my life , all alone . That's right we told the guys no hanging around the house tonight . We went out to dinner and then home for some wonderful quiet time . So nice to reconnect after a long week . Up early because < PROPMALE > was scheduled to work at 3:00 this morning . Thank you Lord for < PROPMALE > . LOVE MY < PROPMALE > ! 
Picture yourself in a dark room with two doorways . In one doorway there is a small light and in the other nothing but more darkness . Imagine now trying to walk away from the light into the darkness , and in turn walking toward the light and watching as things become illuminated by the small light . Feel like I've been stumbling in the darkness lately , time to walk toward the light and let it get me out of here . 
< PROPMALE > and I ate at Pizza Hut in MTV last night before doing the dreaded task of grocery shopping . We talked about all the times and people we had eaten pizza with and it got me to thinking about all of you this morning . Have we eaten pizza together ? If so , please share where and when . Have a great day and a great big slice of whatever you like on top of your pizza today ! 
I am sooooo bummed . Why have any intentions at all ? The best intentions only seem to bring out the worst in people ! I just want to run screaming ! Why can't people understand it's not all about them all the time . Every now and then they could think of someone other than themselves and how what you said or didn't say or did or didn't do affected them ! 
Thanks to all of you for your words of encouragement yesterday . It is very unlike me to vent in a public forum but I just felt like I needed to be heard . Thanks again for all your understanding and support . It's great to know that the Lord loves and accepts me but sometimes a girl just needs a verbal hug or < PROPFIRST > on the back . The comment was not about a family member for the one who emailed me . Have a better day today ! 
Had a wonderful weekend ! Watch for pictures from Webber's Homecoming . Worship at FBC Woodlawn was awesome yesterday . Today is a busy day with the babies and toddlers . . . finishing Christmas plans and playing < PROPFEMALE > . You all have a great day and if you're in So . Illinois enjoy the warmer than usual temps . Gotta love 60's in mid December ! 
Just got the last of the kiddos picked up - Time to get ready for Praise Team practice at FBC Woodlawn . \Let The Praises Ring ! \"" 
Wonderful time at FBC Woodlawn Children's Christmas Musical last night . Three cheers to the director , < PROPFEMALE > Downs , and all who sang , acted , did sign language , and looked simply adorable as baby stable animals and drummer boy . Yummy snacks afterwards helped to make the season bright . FBC Woodlawn Preschool , Children's Dept ., and Fellowship Committee are AWESOME . We are so blessed ! 
Don't visit the past it is gone ; Don't rush to the future it's not guaranteed ; Live in the moment for it is truly genuine ! Have a great moment my friends ! 
With great humility and gratitude beyond expression I thank the Lord for His Son , The Savior of the World and the Savior of My Heart . I thank Him for this season of blessing and the blessing of you , my friend throughout the year . With no words of my own to express how I feel or what I wish for you and yours I simple add , \God Bless Us Everyone . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! " 
My party food is on it's way to done and I'm ready to get the party started ! Girls just wanna have fun ! Expecting to laugh till it hurts tonight . Thank you God for the blessing of good friends ! Praying you all have a good evening and that God sends His angels to watch over you all ! 
From the warm interior of my living room I look out the eastern window and see the glorious rainbow of colors streaking across the horizon . Every shade of beautiful deep pastel is there in the wintry sunrise backdrop to the stencil tree outlines . My prayers go out to all of those in cold and hunger , whether physical or emotional today . May they sense God's presence today . Be the help someone needs today ! 
Lunch is done and supper is on the stove . Savory beef stew for a cold winter's night . Toddlers are sleeping and a light snore is heard from the family room along with the rhythm of the washing machine from the utility room next door . Life is Good ! 
< PROPFIRST > cream with black embroidered flowers 
white with lime , watermelon , and aqua blue flowers 
I wanna play ! HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , leave an answer for me , please !!!! 
Off to fix lunch . . . . . 
< PROPFEMALE > bronze silk 
Ready to head out the door with the family to worship the One True Savior and Risen Lord Jesus Christ . Hope you recognize today as a blessing and thank the Lord for it ! Love Ya ! 
Prayer Request for all my fb friends . < PROPFIRST > Mick's daughter in-law , < PROPFEMALE>'s , niece ( 2 yrs old ) is at the hospital right now having breathing difficulties . She is being tested for RSV . Please pray for her and the family . 
\Sweet chutney on the side balances the salty bacon for a great taste combo . \"" 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!! 
Put this on your status for an hour if you know someone who has AUTISM ! Let your voice stand up for those who are affected . Let our children be heard ! Let 2010 be about AWARNESS and taking a proactive approach . Let's do something for our kids 
I danced with a squirrel under your bed because I'm cool like that . ;-) 
UGH ! My hard drive has fried and is at the computer tech's , so please forgive me for not responding to your many requests . I am still praying for all of you and hope to get back in touch soon . I've been out of the loop for a week now and am typing this at Mom's house . I wish you all a safe and blessed journey and hope to write you again soon . 
I'm back ! YAAAAAAY ! Thanks < PROPMALE > ! Now I can keep up with all of you . You have been missed . Sorry but I must ignore some of the requests I have and there is simply no way to catch up on all your posts . Let me know if something special or drastic happened in the last two weeks . It's soooooo good to be back . Hugs ! 
Would you please put this on your status if you know someone who has MS . All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! Dear God , I pray for the cure of MS . Amen . 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU for at least one hour ? 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or he has gone on to be with the Lord . Copy & paste this with his name . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Cook . 
Just got the final arrangements made for girls night out , Friday ; Then Saturday with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > in St. < PROPFIRST > . Church and < PROPFIRST>'s Day Sunday . Spending the weekend with those you love . . . . Thank you Lord for Your blessings on me . 
I don't have a significant other . I have the man God made just for me . He is my soul mate and without him I do not know what I would do . He is strong enough to be gentle and kind enough to expect the best of others . He follows God and loves his family and would be completely embrassed by this post . 
Just got home from the most glorious and fun time with the Praise Team at FBC Woodlawn . Those guys and gals just don't know what THR night practice does for me and how much I love praising the Lord with them . Thanks God for such great , fun , and talented friends . 
Listening to Mozart and watching little girls twirl around the room - PRICELESS ! 
I have had it with the cold weather and the asthma related flare ups that go with it ! Please Lord let me feel like doing more than what is absolutely necessary today . I want to go back to church and out of the house ! Yes Lord , it's me again whining , and I'm sorry about it but You know how I feel even if I don't want to admit it so thought I would just come clean in front of You and everyone else ! 
What's on my mind right now is that I could not shut it off last night ! Do you ever lay down at night so tired and really looking forward to closing your eyes only to find that when you do everything starts in like a movie screen ? No big worries in the large scheme of things , just little things , including song lyrics for me . Lord help me to stay awake today and be in a good mood doing what needs done . 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day everyone ! I'd wish you the Luck of the < PROPFEMALE > today , but , if you know your history , that saying is sarcastic and meant you were NOT lucky . I personally don't believe in luck , so I will say to you God Bless You and have a great day . 
Our oldest son , < PROPMALE > is leaving for boot camp today . He has joined the US Army and plans to train as a calvary scout . He will be in Fort Knox , KY , for 6-8 weeks and then scout training for 8-12 weeks . We will miss him terribly and covet your prayers for our family . The Lord goes with him in his heart , soul , mind and strength . Thanks you Lord for loaning him to us , he is Yours and he is in the best of hands . 
Who do you turn to when you need encouragement ? \I look to the hills from whence cometh my help . \ " Had to quote the kjv because that's how I learned it as a child and today I need my Father . " 
Happy Birthday to the BEST Mom in the whole wide world ! Love You Mom SMMMMMMAAAAAAAACCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKK ! 
We got to talk to < PROPMALE > last night and he is doing great but , is bored . He is not at basic training yet , but waiting on more 19 Deltas to arrive . He thinks they will be in basic on Friday . It was so good to hear his voice and talk to him . We also got to see < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > last night . Thank you Lord for the blessing of the next generation . 
I am so thankful for trusted friends that can keep a confidence . If you have even one , then you are truly blessed . Thank you Lord for letting me be a part of Your family and for the brothers and sisters you have placed in my life . 
Have you seen the risen Lord ? It is rumored around Jerusalem that He has appeared to many , speaking , eating , and teaching them about fulfilled prophecy ? Again , I ask , Have you seen the Risen Lord ? 
God is so good to allow me to personally express my long ago given forgiveness to an old friend . What ? You think you can't forgive someone unless they ask to be forgiven first ? Well , the Savior I serve made a way for my forgiveness to happen long before I was even born . God's plan is the best plan for living . Thank you Lord . 
Today's focus is what it should always be , eternity . Please Lord let me see the big picture of eternity today . Help me to appreciate the day and the moments you have given me but not to stand or fall on whether they are good or bad but , what they mean to eternity . I'm so impatient that I need to glimpse for a moment what You see God . 
On the kitchen table or the floor beside my side of the bed 
Thanking God for a letter from my son . Modern communication is not allowed while in basic training so snail mail is all we get and he has little time to write . Can't believe how happy I was to see the handwriting that I have teased him about all these years . He wrote , \I love you guys and keep praying for me . \ " We will do just that ! " 
The < PROPFEMALE > is absolutely gorgeous tonight . If you walk outside you can see your shadow . If you have not been outside to see it , get out and enjoy the beauty of the great light God created to rule the night . Awesome ! 
Warmed up cheese pizza for breakfast ? YUMMY ! Hope you got a good night's rest everyone and whether you did or not , here comes the sun ! Great way to start a new day count your blessings on your fingers . Bet you run out of fingers before you run out of blessings . Have a blessed day everyone . 
I DIDN'T trade in my eyeliner , I've always had dark circles , no one colors my hair but a salon , love long showers where I shave my legs , date nights and early mornings , designer purses look great with diaper bags and high heels . I LOVE MY KIDS and wouldn't change a thing ! With Mother's day drawing near lets see how many Mom's repost this because great moms will always do our best & try to look our best for our kids ! 
Dancing with little girls to \Shut Up and Kiss Me . \ " Priceless ! ( I think a little < PROPFEMALE > Rait is up next . ) " 
Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see 
We were just sitting down to eat lunch and Addison said , \Say Praise . \ " A slip of the tongue or does she really \ " get it ? \ " I think she \ " gets it . \ " Thank you Lord for the sweet spirit of a child saying prayer/praise before lunch . " 
Remember back in time to before you knew the presence and influence of God in your life . Look around today and help someone else find their way to Him . 
Looking out my kitchen window , over the mornings dishes I see the flower beds in my yard the dew glistening in the morning light . Activity from the chipmunks and spiders are evident . The neighbor's horses bend to nibble an unseen blade of grass . Life is quiet and still in the country and I sing to myself \What a Wonderful World . \ " Thank you God and to all of you have a great day . " 
From the moment he was born I thanked God and ask him to bless his life . < PROPMALE > & I have been praying for years for God to bless him with a virtuous woman for a help mate and He has answered our prayers many times over . Thank you Lord for bringing < PROPFIRST > into < PROPMALE>'s life and for the blessing of seeing our child grown , serving You , and happy . My heart overflows , Congratulations on your engagement < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ! 
Blessed are the merciful , for they will be shown mercy . - < PROPFIRST > 5:7 - NIV What goes around comes around , let God sort it out . 
I cried the other day when I opened the last jar of pickles I had from my Dad's garden . It's been so long that I had to open them or else they would have gone to waste . I've cried every time I've eaten one - good memories make my heart over flow into my eyes . I miss my Dad everyday . If yours is still around and he's been a good one who tries his best . Reach out and tell him you love him today and every day . 
Oh Thrill ! The phone line is out . -Call me on my cell if you need to talk otherwise , it will be tomorrow before it's fixed . ( or so they say ) 
You are the salt of the earth . But if the salt loses its saltiness , how can it be made salty again ? It is no longer good for anything , except to be thrown out and trampled by men . - < PROPFIRST > 5:13 - NIV So are you worth your weight in gold or just good for road patch ? 
I love God ; I'm so very thankful for His Son , Jesus Christ , and His Holy Spirit that guides me everyday . I love my life , my husband , my kids , my extended family and friends , my church and my country ! Thank you Lord for Your blessings on me ! 
Inspired by the viewing of < PROPFIRST > III last evening to read Shakespeare today . Enjoying the read and mourning the death of such a beautiful language . ( Spent the noon hour listening to children speak words such as , like , whatever , who cares , and ya . Oh < PROPFIRST > what have we done ? 
Shopping for a wedding is sooooo fun ! 
It's Tuesday and for the second time this week I have put away < PROPMALE>'s Bible and coffee cup before getting out my own . I love that < PROPMALE > starts his day ( even the early ones ) with the Word of God . What little ( big ) thing makes you happy/proud of your spouse ? Let them know how thankful you are . 
Had a great time at < PROPFIRST>'s bridal shower last night . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Kinzie , and all the girls who worked to make it possible . The Ladies of FBC Woodlawn and Summersville BC , our wonderful families , and dear friends are such an awesome heritage of blessing for a young couple to have in their lives . God is so Good ! 
Haven't been on fb for over a week . < PROPMALE > and his beautiful bride , < PROPFIRST > are now husband and wife . They will be here today and then gone in a few days to his new post in El Paso . I am blessed beyond all measure and my heart overflows with feelings no words can express . Have a great week everyone ! 
< PROPMALE > is in El Paso now and I have decided that what they say about airports being the happiest and saddest places on the earth is very true . < PROPFIRST > will join him soon as he can get the \i'm married now\ " army paperwork done . I'm so proud of them and love them so much ! Please pray for them as they start this new adventure together . " 
My word for FBCW services yesterday - challenging . With the Good Lord's help I will meet the challenge of proclaiming the gospel of Christ , saying no to legalism , and being a good neighbor who bathes all I say and do in love . This is what God spoke to me thru our wonderful sunday school and worship services . Will you take up the cause of Christ with me ? 
\I never want to be so far from God that I don't hear His Spirit convicting me . \ " A direct quote from a wonderful conversation I had with a dear sister in Christ this morning . What do those who only wish to feel good about themselves do with the convicting power of the Holy Spirit ? I feel so sad when I think about the answers that are possible to this question . " 
Praise God from whom all blessings flow . . . . . Thank you Lord for answered prayer ! 
My first love was in high school and taught me that those you love don't always love you in return , my second love was just after school and taught me you can't choose the depth of love you have for someone and I broke his heart because I did not love deeply . My last love has taught me how blessed I am over and over for having learned the other lessons well . 
Blessed by staff members of the Woodlawn Grade School , leading our church services in worship and speaking their hearts to us at FBCW last night . God bless them and watch over them as they and all school staff through out our land begin the 2010-11 school year . Praying for you and your students . 
Have you noticed the beautiful summer blue sky this afternoon ? It is the perfect color of summer time , a wonderful mixed of blue and periwinkle that only comes during the summer . Enjoy the simple things ! 
So here's what's on my mind ; If you are someone who has had nothing to do with my day to day life since we were children ( before 18 ) , please , please don't judge me by who I was before I grew up . I'm still a work in progress but , really how would you like to be judged for the rest of your life by outsiders who knew you when you were 13 ! 
In your experience ( yes , I really want to know ) do the religious leaders , educators , authors , and intelliects you know only want to provoke your thought process or are they geniunely interested in the expression of the toughts they have provoked ? 
Clean up , clean up , everybody , everywhere , clean up clean up , everybody do your share ! UGH ! 
Between FBCW Youth Group's performance on Sunday evening and the BSA Eagle Court I attended last night , I don't want to hear a thing about , \Kids these days . \ " These kids are doing just fine . They are growing and walking with the Lord and making this world a better place to live . Congratulations and thanks all of you for the two inspiring evenings . " 
With rights , come responsibility ! ( Thanks for the reminder , < PROPFIRST > Rogers . ) 
\Our hearts are longing for the wisdom of the Lord to be proclaimed in all the earth . Your ways are higher than the dreams of any man . Yours is the greatest name of all . \ " \ " We want to see the nations bow . We want to hear the rising sound of worship You deserve . \ " \ " We want this passion to abound a burden for Your great renown . Yours is the greatest name of all . \"" 
Each day , list 3 things that went well . Take stock of the things in your life you appreciate . Find activities you love & take time to become fully absorbed in them . Have regular contact with people who support you . Choose meaningful life goals & start working on them . Give someone a real & unexpected compliment each day . THINK BLESSED ! 
If you have a brother who has made you laugh , pulled your hair , \ 
stuck up for you , got you into trouble , drove you crazy , hugged you , \ 
watched you succeed , saw you fall , picked you backup , cheered you on , \ 
... made you strong , can't do without , then copy and paste this to your\ 
... status 
TeamKID at FBCW ! I am overwhelmed . What can I say ? Great job Coaches ! I could feel the excitement in the air ! The kids are loving the new format and I pray all continues to go well . Thank you all for using your God given talent to help disciple children ! 
Found myself humming a tune from inside my heart earlier today , and the sound caused me to pause to see if my Dad was around . ( Those of you who knew him know how he hummed to himself . ) It was just me , but the thought brought tears of joy and remembrance to my eyes . Love you and Miss you Daddy ! 
As the week began I find myself convicted to live a devoted , surrendered , sacrificial life for the Lord . What are you devoted to ? Whose will do you surrender to ? What do you sacrifice your time , effort , and finances to ? In answer to these questions . Lord , let it be YOU ! I do not want to be half-hearted , not willing to commit . I want to consider and be willing to pay the cost . . . . For You and You alone Lord . 
Name Called , Back Stabbed , Misunderstood , Misquoted , Harassed , Tortured , but NOT DEFEATED ! That's my Lord ! 
For once < PROPMALE>'s work schedule would allow me to sleep in today but , nooooooo ! I'm on FB while the rest of my world is fast alseep . UGH ! And this is after being wide awake for over two hours . UGH Again ! 
Raspberry Rush lipstick and < PROPFEMALE > No . 5 - I'm ready to roll - Just waiting on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Here he is ! You all have a fabulous weekend ! 
On the floor , on my side of the bed 
sometimes on the kitchen table or the computer chair 
May I say without reservation , and full of exuberance , that I am so thankful that all my kiddos are in the same time zone and under our roof . Yes , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are here until early Sunday morning ! Thank you Lord for such a great family and for allowing us this time to be together once again ! ( Tears of joy ! ) I am so blessed ! 
Okay , I've check on you all . It's a beautiful day - GO OUT AND PLAY ! 
I hear an invitation whispered to my soul from God - A invitation to enter in , to draw nearer , to plunge deeper , to experience more fully the joy and abundant living that He intends for me . 
If it lines up with and is supported by the Word of the One True God , if it challenges you and changes you , then is it not the Will of God ? Are we to exercise our spirits on a treadmill never getting more then one foot in front of the other ? Come on all you fellow believers , let's put on our hikers and follow where the Lord leads . I'm certain the destination will be worth the journey . 
Do I have the courage to really implement all that the Lord speaks to me ? It seems so easy when He and I talk in private , why would any one reject love so freely given with out reservation and no < PROPFEMALE > for any thing more than love in return and the best life has to give ? Then I remember how the world , religious leaders , and even those in His inner most circle treated Him . Again , am I brave enough ? 
When we begin to recognize and admit all of our sin and the nature of God's forgiveness and grace , only then we will stand in awe of each believer's testimony . I give thanks for every breath I have been given today as the miracle from God that it truly is . 
Psalm 40:5 Many , O LORD my God , are the wonders you have done . The things you planned for us no one can recount to you ; were I to speak and tell of them , they would be too many to declare . 
My mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mommy I love you . 10 years old : Mom what is wrong with other people's Moms ? 17 years old : Oh My ! My Mom is so wonderful ! 18 years old : I wanna be just like her if God gives me children . 35 years old : I wanna spend more time with my Mom . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my friend/mom . 70 years old : I would like for my Mom to be here with me but I'll see her again in Heaven . Love you Mom ! 
Girls Night ! Fairview watch out the inseparables and the add on are on their way ! Everyone have a good weekend ! 
Who do you cling to when the world slips away ? What do you do when there's nothing left to do ? ( Grip tight the hand of God reaching down . ) 
On the dance play list this morning . . . Walking on Sunshine , Roll With It , We've Got the Beat , Girl's Just Wanna Have Fun , The Heart of Rockin Roll , Let's Givem ' Something to Talk About , plus many more . Dancing our cares away ! 
Sometimes bigger is just bigger and more is just more . Strive for the best in life and leave the rest to God . Have a great weekend everyone ! 
Just pinned my hair back in barrettes and for a brief moment caught a glimpse of the 11 year old I once was in the mirror . I'm certain she smiled at me . . . . . 
What is up with this \21 Questions App ? \ " I have NOT answered questions about any of my friends yet I see posts that say I have . Hmmmmmm . . . Not the first time FB has deceived it's clients . " 
Getting hugs and kisses from three of the cutest guys in Woodlawn ! Now there's a rumor starter for you , to bad , it's all TRUE ! 
Bored out of my gourd ! So this is what it's like to be at home with a head cold while others get to go to Praise Team practice . Bahhhhhhh ! 
Missing < PROPMALE > - He doesn't get off work until 7:00 tonight . For those of you adding it up , that's a 13 hour work day , and then back at it tomorrow . Thankful for the good job but , missing my baby on this late Friday afternoon . 
The weekend was to short and I am still not feeling well . . . Sorry to be down but , enough said . 
I have long ago accepted the fact that words mean very little to some people and everything to me . Use your words wisely and not sparingly folks . Hold your temper and not your tongue . Express yourself with the gift of speech God has given you wisely , with kindness , and when needed in a forceful or gentle manner . Do not keep your heart to yourself but , give it to others this season and all the seasons to come . 
Saying goodbye is never easy , but then my Dad would say it was , \see you later . \ " Thanks Dad for the encouraging ( and truthful ) reminder then and now . I rest on your strength and that of the Heavenly Father we both have trusted . " 
Any time you are concerned for your children , lift them in prayer to the Father and take heart in what His word reveals - < PROPFIRST > 7:11 - If you , then , though you are evil , know how to give good gifts to your children , how much more will your Father in heaven give good gifts to those who ask him ! 
So thankful for the news I just rec'd , everything that has been on my mind and in my heart all day has just been answered . Got home to a great message on the answering machine . God is still in control ! Thanks to everyone for being patient with me tonight at TeamKID it can be so hard at times when you are so concerned about things that you can't explain to everyone . Continuing to pray . . . 
\I bring you good tidings which will be to all people . . . A Savior is Born ! \ " Celebrate the Savior today ! " 
FBCW Ladies - Secret Prayer Sister Reveal Party Reminder - TONIGHT 6:30 PM , bring an ornament if you did not participate last year but want to this year ! Sisters - Bring a finger food and/or dessert ! Come join the fun and fellowship of prayer ! 
FBCW Secret Prayer Sisters - Ladies you can still join the group for 2011 - Just let me know you want in and I'll explain it all to you and yes , get you the paperwork ! LOL ! 
Do you make New Year resolutions ? Do you think about it seriously as a moment when you may improve upon something in your life or do you have the same one year after year after year ? 
We are home as of 9:45 PM yesterday . From 67 to 27 degrees in a four hour time period equals one cold girl ! Had a great time with all four of our kiddos . So proud of them and how well they are doing . Again , airports are the happiest and saddest places to be . Missed you all and planning to catch up . Take care and have a good week ! 
From my Bible study this morning . Question : God's love is unconditional ? Answer : No ; It is absolute and His acceptance has the condition of faith . When we tell ourselves/others that God loves them , it is true , but to say it is unconditional is to point them to a God of love alone and not the jealous God that demands our faith and obedience . Example : Lot's family/wife . What do you think ? 
Goodnight Sweetheart , Goodnight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. I'll be looking for the ladies who re-post !! 
I have faults that he kindly ignores , dreams that he supports to the fullest , and understanding that defies all reason . He is my very best friend in the world and I want to spend my life proving to him that I love him as much as he loves me , though I'm certain he would find that a silly thing to do . Thank you God for the love of my life , < PROPMALE > . 
Observation : This house is to quiet . Thought : I need some noise ! Action : Turned on the TV ! Thought : All this is a bunch of noise . . . Observation : All noise is not entertainment ! ( Turned off the TV and picked up a book ! ) 
With < PROPMALE > I am my true self , I am loved , and love in return . I thank God for < PROPMALE > every day . . . . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Lover . 
Just got off the phone with a dear friend that has been blessed with daughters . Help me out girls and boys . How old were you when you first fell in love . I was 14 , a freshman in high school . My friend is worried about her 17 year old . She's a good girl with a good head on her shoulders . Do you think she should be concerned or not ? 
You can buy a cool car to cruise in , and cool threads for your back but baby you can't buy that cool , class act ! No you just can't buy cool ! 
Well , the doc's verdict is tendinitis in my achilles tendon . One large needle and painful shot later , it actually feels a bit better this morning . Praying that this works so I can get back to going for walks . This has really slowed me down . It would be so sad to be stuck in the house with Spring coming . 
It was ON at FBCW today ! Great Life Group lesson : We are accountable to God for our actions toward others ; Fantastic Music : What can wash away our sin , What can make us whole again , Nothing but the blood , nothing but the blood of Jesus ; God's Message delivered by His servant Pastor Derek : Absolutely Inspiring , Jesus is the fulfillment of the Law and the Prophets ! < PROPMALE > GOD ! 
May God < PROPMALE > you always ... \ 
A sunbeam to warm you , \ 
A moonbeam to charm you , \ 
A sheltering angel , so nothing can harm you . \ 
\ 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day My Friends ! 
Just got a group hug from three of the cutest blonde-haired , blue eyed boys ! 
It's National Book Week . The rules : Grab the nearest book . Turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Post these rules in you status .... \ 
All the persons of the house of < PROPMALE > who went to Egypt were seventy . 
Have you seen the latest Youtube video of the twin boys jabbering to each other ? Very cute , but really , they should spend a few hours at my house if they think this is something unusual with young children . Again though , very cute ! 
I don't know what words to use to express the absolute JOY I feel knowing THREE SOULS have been added to the Body of Christ . Thanking the Father , the Son , the open hearts of children , the teaching of the Saints . GO FBC Woodlawn TeamKID ! 
\Dragons only fight when they are scared . \ " According to < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer . ( She's never met some of the dragons I've faced . ) " 
Be careful out there today folks . Rumor has it that those who know they can't tell a joke and those who can't take a joke , take things really personal on a day like today . Happy April 1st , Happy April Fool's , Happy FRIDAY ! 
Had a great time in Lifegroups this morning . Those new 5th and 6th graders don't know what to think of < PROPFEMALE > now ! Did they think Sunday School would be quiet ? Well they know different now ! Wonderful praise and worship lead by < PROPMALE > Sledge followed by another challenging sermon on the Mount Message delivered by our wonderful Pastor < PROPMALE > Downs . We Love our < PROPMALE > s at FBCW ! 
