kobe < PROPMALE > 30 pts 6 reb 5 ast 4 blk 2 stl enough said 

to doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions ; both dispense with the need for thought 
optimus prime 
to doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convient solutions ; both dispense with the need for thought 
Rise Against - Prayer of a Refugee 
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth . 
Some people walk in the rain , others just get wet . 
all i seek is brilliance and understanding 
Some say we're never meant to grow up I'm sure they never knew enough I know the pressures won't go Away It's too late Find out the difference somehow It's too late to even have faith Don't think things will ever change You must be dreaming Think before y 
disaster waits around every corner 
no second chances I'm that sort of a man 
the monotony awaits 
just waiting 
has dropped 
life - merely a series of annoying events strung together 
life's little tortures 
The world is a stage , but the play is badly cast 
i am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . 
We are all in the gutter , but some of us are looking at the stars . 
Be yourself ; everyone else is already taken 
Yes welll ............... 
Dear Agony 
The unreal is more powerful than the real , because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it . because its only intangible ideas , concepts , beliefs , fantasies that last . stone crumbles . wood rots . people , well , they die . but things as fragile as a thought , a dream , a legend , they can go on and on . 
yes well .................... 
life- merely a series of annoying events strung together 
fml the suns lose to the hornets they didnt even have < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
“Be yourself ; everyone else is already taken . ” 
so yea ......... psychology 
im not gunna lie merrrrrrrrrrrr 
thanks for the bday wishes everyone 
a cowards gets scared and runs away but a hero gets scared and moves forward 
suns lose to the hawks fml 
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . 
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally . 
“A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight , and his punishment is that he sees the < PROPFEMALE > before the rest of the world . ” 
“Whenever a man does a thoroughly stupid thing , it is always from the noblest motives . ” 
???? ? ?????? 
“I love talking about nothing . It is the only thing I know anything about . ” 
the phoneix suns clinch 1st round home court adavantage !!!!!!!!!! 
PLAYOFFS !!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Nash 33points 10 assists 3 rebounds 
Suns up 2-0 nothing aganist the spurs 
tonight in san < PROPFIRST > its the Goran Dragic show !!!!!! 
Happy mama's day 
< PROPMALE > Nash 20 points 9 assists 4 rebounds did all tht with one eye closed literally 
so very furious 
the descent into hell is easy 
saw the yankees lose tonight but thts ok , < PROPMALE > nash pulls through for a win tonight with 17 points and 15 assits 
series tied at two a piece !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lets go Suns !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dos equis for my break < PROPMALE > porro get at me 
My favorite day of the month 
just finished building a basketball hoop yea im proud of myself 
Rajon Rondo 19 points 12 rebounds 10 assits 
merrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
one of life's little tortures- boredom 
luvs how everyone these days are riding the lakers and celtics really hard cuz now there good where were u all when the celtics were in last place with only < PROPFIRST > pierce or when the best player on la other then kobe was < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > riddle me that 
Sleep-controlled insanity 
Eyyyyyyy do me a favor and say hellow to your mother for me !!!!!!!! 
I FUCKING HATE RITE AID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
One republic - secrets 
“We are all in the gutter , but some of us are looking at the stars . ” 
just passed the nypd jst 3 < PROPFEMALE > 30 secs get at me 
Gee , Brain , what do you want to do tonight ? \ 
The same thing we do every night , Pinky - try to take over the world ! 
Best ride at six flags the teacups hands dwn 
The decent into hell is easy 
boredom - one of life's little tortures 
I gave < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > a Valium and said\ 
Settle ya fuckin ass down Im ready for combat man\ 
Get it calm batman ? 
Smile like you mean it - the killers 
When the game is over the < PROPMALE > and the pawn go into the same box 
U know wat Seeing the heat lose to the celtics actually does make me feel better about Lebron not coming to the Knicks 
so im looking through my old jhs year and im going through all the old pictures and only one thought goes through my head - theres no way i couldve have been tht damm big back then 
If life is just a game , at what point do we get to say checkmate ? 
hey , soul sister - train 
The descent into hell is easy 
Just watched the jersey shore episode of south park and my mind Is blown 
neon trees - animal , yes < PROPMALE > Porro and < PROPFIRST > Hoggard i figured it out 
Gobble gobble 
< PROPFIRST > \ sir the the cart doesn't go outside 
loved chasing < PROPMALE > Tzallas and < PROPFIRST > Neocleous all around Rockefeller Center tonight 
< PROPMALE > Hill 30 points 11 rebounds 2 assists < PROPMALE > Nash 20 points 4 rebounds 10 assists Big old school !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thx for all the birthday wishes id respond to them all but I'm far too lazy for such things but there still much appreciated 
