I just finished playing 6 hours of poker tonight ! time for bed . 

royally mad that i got my new harddrive , didnt have 1 part w/ it so that it will work , stores around dont have it , so now instead of a $3 part , i spend $15 and wait another week ! Screw the new year . 
wooo 7 hours of conference call training two days in a row ! 
TGIF 
risk or poker night anyone ? 
mmmm ribs . 
had fun at < PROPMALE>'s Guns today 
so out of all the fireworks we have 75% of them go an < PROPMALE > you then blow up ! 
wwooo for working tonight . i hope my work doesnt get too mad at all the fireworks which i may bring 
OK CRAZY ADMIRER JUST TEXTED ME . TELL ME IF YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THEM !!!! 
NUMBER 1-317-919-9404 . WHO KNOWS IT . THIS IS CREEPY !!! 10 BUCKS IF YOU TELL ME WHO IT IS . 
NUMBER SAYS SOUTH SIDE INDY . BUT THEY SAY THEY LIVE IN PLAINFIELD WHO IS IT !!! FIND THEM 10 DOLLAR BOUNTY !!! 
FINALLY I KNOW MY STALKER !!! 
woo after stage 4 < PROPMALE > Cancellara is still first over a few tenths of a second over < PROPMALE > armstrong . I am rooting for Cancellara and team astana . 
and yet again I lost the game ! -_- 
woo working the next four nights in a row ! 
FUCK KONGREATE GET YOUR FUCKING KEYBORD SHIT RIGHT 
Chicago tommorow , Nebraska Saturday !! 
grr I just want to know my other roommmates name !! 
YA Chicago was great now off to Nebraska . 
Woo Nebraska ! 
Back home from Nebraska . Wow the last four days of vacation were amazing . Minus the 1700 < PROPMALE > I drove . 
Woo know my other roommate finally ! 
mmm taco < PROPFEMALE > - my midnight delight ! 
alright whoevers completely bored out there come to my house b/c we are going to play some games 
To see an extremely patriotic video about the war go to www.bringvictory.com 
3 weeks til school ! 
working 12-4 or 5 i think WWWOOooooo ... 
boredom has set in again . whats there to do ? any ideas 
I love storms 
wow purdue way to cancel one of my classes now ... 
too much food at my house and my family(mom ) wants it gone . anyone is invited over to eat any time they want in the next few days . 
will be seeing the best gf in the world in approx 2 weeks 
just got done working 8 hours at coldstone . 
just got a new tv for home . now i get our old tv ! 
woo done with work . purdue is less than a week away !! 
wow district9 online cam versions are actually pretty darn good . 
almost done packing 
moving back to Purdue in the morning !!! 
back at purdue !!!! 
woo for all my classes ! 
woo round trip to avon and back this morning !!!............. 
woo dont have a class until 3:30 tomorrow !! 
plans to spend millions on my wonderful girlfriend :) 
ok hilltop is officially the worst upkept rooms on campus . 
< PROPFIRST > \The is only one thing I love more than funyuns . \"" 
its my birthday !!! 
I can't wait for the bday cake i didn't have to make myself this year ! 
thx to all who wished me a happy birthday !! it was a good birthday ! 
omg < PROPFEMALE > ... 
ahhh finally get to go to bed ~ ! 
surprisingly do not have much hw this weekend 
uggh i hate having a cold . 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE > and my 1 year anniversary dinner in Indy . 
wow what an interesting night . 
church went great this morning even though it was my priests last sermon . 
doin hw and listenin to < PROPMALE > and garfunkel 
mmm sooo hungry . 
i think every morning everyone should have to do a little krumping to start their day off 
WHO YOU GONNA CALL ?..... GHOSTBUSTERS !!!! 
gotta love having 4 days to do absolutely nothing . 
been playing my moms new wii fit all night . 
loves when a prof pushes up a midterm to today without notice . i hope i did well 
saw Paranormal Activity last night and laughed the entire time . wow what a horrible movie . 
working on 216 line work ... almost done ! 
Law abiding Citizen is amazing 
AutoCAD today YEAH !... 
Check this out !! http://smouch.net/lol/ 
Has been freaking awsome this week getting 85 and better on all my midterms ! 
so much hw .... 
I'm tired of working on 216 today . So now to start my halloween . 
humans vs zombies has finally reached purdue ! 
just got second in call of duty 4 tournament ... so disappointed in myself ... 
< PROPFEMALE > close to finishing my cgt216 comic cover .... 40+ hours in it so far . i will be so happy in a few hours ! 
DONE ! with project 1 for 216 . 
just found out from playing horrible at Hillcon video game tournament I still managed 3rd over all and won tekken6 !!!! 
starting to get tired , eating some vegetable beep soup and getting ready for a long night of catching up on my autocad project that I havn't touched in 2 weeks .... 
Alright , late night #2 of the week , time to do some Adobe Illustrator .... try and catch up on my final project 
The party was great last night ... the walk back i dont remember . 
can't wait for tomorrow in which a full day of complete laziness will occur . 
just got my hair cut . 
let the feasting begin !!! 
apparently 4chan has had a discussion about rule 34 . If you dont know about it look it up . But it applies to everything even GOD . http://img.4chan.org/r9k/res/6426014.html 
getting ready to go back to Purdue and start my 3 weeks of zero sleep ! 
well back at purdue finally after crazy rain driving . 
time for some autocad ! 
WILL BE COMPLETLY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me one question ( ONLY IN MY INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , you have my full honesty , but i DARE YOU to put this text on your status and see what questions you get 
thinks my CGT260 teacher should give an email about class being cancled in advanced . Meaning not 28 minutes in advanced .... 
good night overall . i can remember it all this time and only a little drama ! 
10 more days of school !!!! 
im finally in the mood to finish my autocad . last few days ive been slacking a bit . 
taking a 1 hour break and then back to work . 
Done with projects finally ! Lets start thinking about finals now 
its been a fun day of Cod4 
just finished cleaning my bathroom 
Im going to PUSH because I think I have pink eye . Wonderful to have during finals week ! 
woo last final of the semester in an hour !! 
finally home and unpacked ! 
well with 3 confirmed A's i should get around a 3.7 this semester !! 
just beat dragon age origins for the first time . conclusion : great game , but mages are way overpowered . 
Going to the grandparents house for christmas < PROPFEMALE > now ! Everyone have a < PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
just got back from mid-night mass so , marry christmas now 
WOOO CoD Modern Warfare 2 is finally in my grasp 
omg drank tiquila with family friends and learned way WAY WAY too much about my parents tonight .... 
Anyone want to go have a snowball fight ? 
grr i wish we had more snow in indy right now 
who wants to make 2 massive forts tommorrow and have a snowball fight ? 
back from the airport for the 2cd time today . Hopefully in 12 hours I will be in west lafayette 
back at purdue and unpacked 
just finished working out for the first time in forever 
just finished sledding 
had a great time last night 
I just spent $35 on 8 markers .... 
ya for having to do paper drafting in a computer graphics class !!! -_- 
woo for 730 am classes !!!! 
im seriously dissappointed in the USPS and amazon.com for losing my book . 
i just finished watching invictus and recommends it to all 
just applied for an internship at speedway race track 
woo i have an interview next week at the speedway racetrack for an internship next summer ! 
2 hours until my carousel ! 
had a fun saturday so far , had my RA carousel and it was fun . 
got accepted to the personal interview to becoming an RA for next year ! 
got the internship at the indy motor speedway for the summer ! 
well i had a good time tonight , but tomorrow i have my RA interview at 11am . God , I hope I make to the interview on time .... 
off to my RA interview ! 
wow thank god I got a 77% on my cnit 180 exam ... hopefully will do better on the next 
well i guess Summer is spending another night , in our humble abode ... 
just finished legion ... it was a good movie , until the version I watched started speaking russian the last 2 minutes of the movie 
shoot me in the head <<< too much work to do in 40 minutes 
I cant wait to go skiing tomorrow ! 
well skiing was fun today , now to decide if sleep or trying to get something done tonight is going to happen . 
omg , 11-12 hours of sleep felt amazing 
im surprised i made it back this morning from unofficial with everything 
cant wait to be done with Haiti build project 
officially done with everything now ! time for break to begin ! 
back in avon , starting my week of vegetation 
just made chocolate cookies with powdered sugar tops 
why does Purdue have to be so evil ?!?!?!? 
reccommends everyone to watch Up in the Air with < PROPFIRST > Clooney 
So i guess im coming up to Purdue tomorrow for St. Patricks day , and i'm bringing cookies 
back at Purdue now 
wooo got 3rd place in Haiti build project !!! 
woo for 4 hours of sleep ! 
omg , i hate teachers who assign homework that requires a specific website to find answers , and the site has nothing on it . 
COOKIES and < PROPFEMALE > !!! Thanks mom and dad 
had an amazingly awsome time in Kentucky this weekend 
ugg internet why are you sooo slow this morning 
So I come back to my room at 3am and find my roommate to-be shitting and vomiting in our kitchen . Walk into the bedroom and my roommate and his girlfriend are in bed , but have vomited on each other . Then I find out my third roommate is vomiting his brains out in the bathroom with the door locked .... What a wonderful shithole to come back to ... O ya I am now a brother of Zeta Psi fraternity ! 
woo we beat circle pines in dodgeball !!!! 
WOO dodgeball playoffs in an hour !!! 
bed time ... 2 weeks of GREAT FUN and EXCITEMENT ahead of me 
uggg have to wake up to watch the hog roast at 9am ..... 
1 hard week of getting projects done . then maybe if time permits study for finals 
done with classes for the year , now time to finish a project , and study for finals 
This is a rather interesting read : http://www.bakadesuyo.com/how-many-people-over-25-are-still-virgins 
1 final down . 2 more to go today . 
4 finals down , 1 to go . 
DONE !!!! 5 finals 2 days . Time to relax , drink , clean , pack , relax again , and start work on Thursday morning . But for now just relax 
well , its my last night at Purdue for my sophmore year . It was a good day with 3 finals , then hanging out at the house to finalize the night 
Packing up and getting ready to ship out 
backhome and have started to unpack . Starting work at 7am tomorrow . 
well today was interesting at work . We made bloody maries for 5 hours . This included ~ 200 handles of vodka and ~ 1000 bottles of bloody < PROPFIRST > mix . 
FUUUUUUUUU , I LOST THE GAME 
slow day at work , so they let us all go at 11:30 ! Yeah for halfdays 
Well I ended up with a 3.2 this semester which dropped my overall to 3.4 :{ 
ya for the first of many 12+ hours work days for the rest of May ! 
only 2 weeks until race day ! 
ugg working on rainy days is sooo demoralizing 
one long long week ahead for me at the track , going to work at 4am tomorrow ! 
Yeah for 16hours work day ! ~ Yeah for another one tomorrow starting at 5am ! 
just finished my weekend with over 31 hours of work clocked 
I really like seeing $500+ on a weeks paycheck , it just makes you feel good somehow 
tomorrow is race day ! starting work at 3am- ~ 10pmish probably midnight or later ! 
1 more day of work until I get a day off in about a month ! 
well my work finally got tired of paying us all exorbinant amounts of overtime so we got off early again today and now have a 3 day weekend ! 
IronMan is a hero , Iron Woman is a command . 
at purdue right now trying to find something to do . yell if there is something going on 
woo ! i love thunderstorms ! 
anyone doing anything this weekend besides fathers day ? 
just made some oatmeal cinnamin rasin cookies ! 
why does the USA decide to suck complete ass in the beginning of every soccer game ? 
my cousin and I just moved a 675 pound rock in the yard 
and uruguay wins ! 
had a great time up at Purdue this weekend at zeta psi 
cant sleep 
6 days until the brickyard 400 
listening to < PROPMALE > kamakawiwo'ole 
This is going to be one epic weekend ! Friday work at 5am- late , Saturday 4am- late , Sunday 4am- late !!!! All I can think of to make myself feel good is OVERTIME 
13 hours at the track today , probably 14+ tomorrow ! 
off to bed now 
o god Starcraft2 is gonna consume my life for a while ! 
well my parents planned on having a sunday - sunday vacation , but they are coming back today 
got bored and bought a new video card/ power supply ~ $110 total . 
anyone want to update my BIOS on my comp ? I sure dont , but i want to use my new video card ... 
no work tomorrow ! 
watch \Shelter\ " if you want a good thriller movie " 
Ok has anyone had success with flashing their bios from a cd , because its been kicking my butt . 
got my bios upgraded , but found out that still didnt let my new video card work 
last weekend at home before heading back to Purdue , and it's a 3 day weekend at that ! 
I do love having half days at work two days in a row 
packing , waiting for < PROPFIRST > to fly into Indy , leaving for Purdue in the morning 
So somehow I have changed to a writing < PROPMALE > from technology . Two of my three tech classes are now requireing multiple long papers to be written .... And I already have two other writing classes this semester ! Wonderful ! 
WOO ! Internet in the room works finally ! 
just bought plane tickets for vegas ! 
YEAH ! going to work at 5am tomorrow ! 
Ok , so if you bring your own raffle tickets to the Indy Motor Speedway , you can raffle off Redbull bar tables , and keep all the earnings ! 
back at Purdue , worked 47.5 hours this weekend ! 
my roommates are unappreciative of my cooking abilities 
http://www.dump.com/2009/07/23/how-to-creep-people-out/ 
hmmm my apartment already smells like beef stew , and i cant eat it for another 2 hours . 
finally beef stew is ready to eat 
I love when profs cancle class 1 hour before they start .... Why can't they just send the email out the night before 
Purdue bars at midnight tonight , tomorrow vegas ! 
nothing like waking up intoxicated still 
red headed strippers with fake breasts are my kryptinite ... 
Just got back from Vegas . 
hmmm 4 out of 7 photoshop pieces done for my project Thursday , ugg this week sucks 
God I hate the schools printing systems 
procrastination has gotten the best of me tonight 
And so the procrastination of all last night means the cramming begins , t-minus 3 hours before my exam , then project due right after 
hmm , to study for a test or get breakfast before it 
you know its a good night when you wake up and were told that an ambulance had to come after you go to bed ~ 2am 
SIX dollar suits is playing at Zeta Psi tonight , get pumped its going to be an amazing party tonight 
time to start my 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper due at 7am . 
done with the paper in a blazing 2.5 hours+breaks 
So I would hope we can start doing bon fires now since it rained today taking us out of the dryspell 
had a good time for a couple of hours at the egyptian hooka lounge tonight , now for the hours of homework 
nothing like a little jager and redbull/ < PROPMALE > select for a good friday night . 
Well if you combine all these items you receive a weapon more powerful than all of them combined , and with this weapon I am going to attack you , defend yourself with your respect ! ~ betty white 
I hate profs who are unorganized and do not explain anything and then expect everything 
Tomorrow the BCM job fair and then beer die tournament later in the evening 
just finished doing a job fair for ~ 2.5 hours , talked to 10-11 companies , and feel good overall about it . Now to sit and wait for interviews 
getting an interviewe at neon cactus ! 
quite possibly the fastest ' interview ' I have ever had 
O the double standard ... \ 
\ 
http://www.stumbleupon.com/su/2IrGtu/sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc4/hs233.snc4/38986_413224331198_678461198_5093458_7769596_n.jpg 
really hating since school this week now since every single one of my classes complained about stuff this week so its being pushed back , so now next week is going to be crazy beyond belief . 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . I Challenge you to post this . 
got a great new < PROPFIRST > Stone t-shirt for buying beer tonight 
one dosage of Aweful Waffle tonight , check ! 
just fixed my first plumbing problem in my apartment tonight 
4 nights of halloween partying were amazing , now time for school again . 
Last night was amazing 
enjoys it when during the middle of class we had a 5 minute discussion on \I love lamp \"" 
trying to writing a paper persuading my professor that I am knowledgable about persuasion , who has their phd in persuasion 
I was read today in my communications class , \The Little Engine that Could\ " . Will full voice changes and pictures . " 
eating lunch , then writing a paper of unknown length , topic , required sources , and basically anything you need to know to write a paper . This is due Monday , with no way to contact the prof . because he's in Egypt .... Lets see how it turns out ! 
4 < PROPFEMALE > paper done in 2 hours , check 
went to < PROPMALE > Ohio for the weekend and had a banging good time ! 
well thanksgiving dinner has bested every single last one of my family memebers , I am going to be eating thanksgiving for the next week . It is going to be a marvelous ! 
T-minus 2 weeks of chaos 
Anyone in who was in CGT 112 fall of ' 08 or spring of ' 09 , all of your projects are still on the G :// please go and remove them to help alleviate the completely full drive , since < PROPMALE > obviously wont be removing those 14GB worth of crap any time soon . 
SNOW ! 
just incase any of you forgot , today's < PROPFEMALE > Harbor's 
gotta love making brownies and then eating the warm deliciousness that soon follows 
687 : Only because I am talking to people and bored . Well we have definately had our ups and downs . Definately feel like it has all just fallen off a < PROPMALE > the last year or so . I would definately be down in getting Chinese food with you again some time . 
done with everything , time for break ! 
time to pass out , tomorrow will be another day of fun ! 
done with the airport craziness of getting 4 people to and from the airport for break ! 
back at purdue . 
finally got to see < PROPFEMALE > again tonight ! 
time to start class for the day 
Im might be drunk ... but i'm still sober . 
just because I dislike the Patriots , lets go Jets ! 
Oh , what a great night out at the bars with the guys 
I have little ambition to go to my class today at 230 
well who needs local meteorologists when you have facebook telling you what it's like outside 
I do as I please because I'm a bear ! 
well the packers definately dont have a shot at winning the superbowl , seeing how badly they did against the 3rd QB 
I'm really hating reading blueprints that only have 1/4 of the dimensions necessary 
decision time : bake cookies or eat cookie dough 
well purdue's going to lose the basketball game , who couldn't have called that 
So far today has been the easiest day of the week for me . I can't wait for tonights poker tournament 
ended up only $5 ahead out of poker tonight , i think at one point I was up $20-$25 
I guess my apartment is getting a second bathroom installed next week ! 
chumley's + extra curricular activities on a Thursday night , make the week an EPIC week ! 
Well I must say that Purdue has laxed itself on today . I think I have seen more snow fall between 2 classes before 
ugg i have to write a paper and really have zero < PROPFEMALE > or effort to get it done . 
sometimes i forget about how good spagetti-O's are 
off to bed for the career fair in the morning 
Looks like I will be heading to < PROPMALE > again this weekend ! 
trying to finish up my portfolio for my interview in the morning 
just got back from my interview with BSA LifeStructures , I think I might get a job over the summer 
crazy long drive back from case western today 
trying to figure out lighting/ photorealistic rendering in 3ds < PROPMALE > is a pain 
just realized i only need 8 more classes to graduate ! senior year is going to be great 
does anyone know the course # and department for the wine appreciation class ? 
getting annoyed with autodesk 3ds < PROPMALE > , it keeps having errors and closing while im rendering 
back to the lab now to see if my computers are done rendering 
damn purdue and trying to be green and automatically turning computers off in labs ! 
off to unofficial ! 
I totally forgot what 12 hours of sleep felt like , I think I might have to start doing this more often . 
awful waffle is a horrible and twisted punishment for all 
applied for a job posted in the newspaper , 1 hour later I get a call , but they never said anything about having to work over the summer . 
mmm , i forgot what insomnia cookies tasted like 
only 1 more class until spring break 
so I stayed up all night b/c if I went to bed I wouldn't have woken up for my 830 class . I get to class and only 4/10 students are present . Instead of letting us go , the professor decides to tell us his life story ... Atleast i'm on spring break time now 
who are the crazies left at purdue tonight and want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
whats a good movie to watch on a random wednesday night ? 
watching lots of kung fu movies today 
just got back from Omaha NE 
trying to write a 7-8 < PROPFEMALE > paper in approx 3 hours , this is going to just be a how high can I get my words per minute count up to 
i shall try to prepare for tomorrow night , by ' training ' w/ bacardi tonight 
green fuzz t-minus 12 hours ! 
mm bbq chicken legs for dinner 
omg why do I have a horrible hangover now , but not at 7am this morning 
for the first time I have gotten all the classes I wanted in the time slots I wanted 
