My new niece < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is here !!!! She is 6lbs 14oz ! 

HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! I hope 2010 is great for everyone ! 
Does anyone else have a rotation at LeBonheur in January ? 
sipping on sparkling red wine . 
Does anyone know when < PROPFEMALE > checks will be mailed out ? 
I have baby fever :) 
As much as I love our Christmas tree , sadly I think it's time to take it down . Bye Christmas tree . 
back in Memphis ... yuck ! 
want's to go camping !! 
today is my last day off before I go back to work . :( 
may just by herself something tonight , it is after all , almost my birthday . 
may just buy herself something tonight ! 
Bought myself a birthday gift !! 
Happy Father's day to my daddy , he's an amazing man and I could not have asked for a better father . 
I want < PROPFEMALE > damnit !! 
is making Pad See Ew tonight . Yum . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > was saaadddd tonight :*( I don't think I can watch anymore . 
needs a massage . 
Just got done with chemo and will be leaving work shortly ! Yay ! 
So < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died on my birthday ....... 
is excited for the weekend ! 
Up too early on a Saturday to go to work .... at least this whole day is overtime . 
feels broken . 
Happy Birthday Sigma < PROPFIRST > ! 
shouldn't have had that soda at 1030 , I'm wide awake ! 
JUST woke up . No gym for me this morning .... sad face . 
Going to work at 7:30 am tomorrow . I need to go to bed huh ? 
is not getting ANY emails on my bellsouth account and no idea why , has this happened to anyone else ?? 
is being held prisoner in the Chili's Care Center ... 
sipping on some blackberry wine and excited for Chattanooga tomorrow !! 
wishes she didn't have to go to work today since she's in such a cleaning mood , these types of moods only come around every few months LOL . 
Sitting at work waiting for 11 ..... and NOT super excited about working ALL weekend , but I'll enjoy the paycheck I suppose . 
Irritated with the people who I work with BIG TIME . WHY can't people mind they're own FU ***** business ??! 
Going to enjoy my day off today ! 
Organizing stuff today , already did bathroom cabinet and medicine cabinet ! Now on to coat closet , drawers and the dreaded bedroom ...... 
Going to the gym tonight to run and lift ! Still have to clean the bedroom ....... 
never knew sugar free ice cream could be so fantastic ! 
does watching \The Swan\ " make anyone else want to have plastic surgery ? " 
Getting ready for cycling class ! 
That cycling class kicked my butt , but I made it and even did my lifting !! whoohoo ! 
is up REALLY early to do a spinning class ! 
is feeling homesick for Clarksville and missing all her old friends there .... I'm coming home on July 24 !! 
Just saw on a man asking for money that brought tears to my eyes , Dear Lord please help that man , bring him peace . 
Have to get ready to go to work :( :( :( 
CPR Re certified ! 
has alot on her mind . 
had a hellacious night at work ..... I felt like a wounded dog limping to my car when I left ..... 
dreading resuming my cleaning of the house .... 
was heading back to school for Patient assessment and saw the exit for the interstate , briefly thought about making a run for it , then thought better of it and here I am . Meh . 
just uploaded a TON of pics from Disney , then as the last few were uploading , got an \Upload failed\ " message ... oh well guess I'll try again tomorrow . It was 181 pics too . :( " 
Welcome to the world Charli Julianna-Jane Denton !! 6 lbs 12 oz 18 in long ! 
back home after an AMAZING weekend . 
happy because I bought a new computer last night ... sad because now I have to wait for it to get here . 
Sad face . 
Can't wait until this exam is over tomorrow so I can catch up on True blood !! 
it WOULD be raining this morning wouldn't it ? 
is thankful for my dad right about now . That Rain X he put on my windshield really improved my vision in the monsoon today . I still had to drive like 40-50 mph on the interstate , but at least I could see . Now that I think about it , I'm irritated I had to risk my life for an exam . I'm not exagerating either , the interstate in Memphis is dangerous when it rains like that . 
is doing another spinning class tonight , and is going to FULLY enjoy it . :) 
doesn't want to go to class today . :( 
I won't miss anything if I skip class today right ? 
Rain , Rain Go Away !! 
I don't wanna wait till June 2010 for new TB episodes . :( 
Accomplished ALOT today ... now I want to eat , I made a pork tender loin , stuffing , and corn on the cob . :) 
did decent in Therapeutics :) 
staying home today to work on my patient . 
Do we have a Lit quiz tomorrow ? Anyone ? 
has to work all weekend .. what a travesty . :( 
I asked my somewhat un-sober husband a few minutes ago \Will what's a valve ? \ " His response : \ " A-E-I-O-U .... and sometimes Y\ " bahahahaha ! " 
has to go to the dentist today for a routine cleaning , wish me luck ! :/ 
has TWO flu shot clinics today . It's gonna be a long day . 
October is Down Syndrome Awareness month !! Myth # 1-Babies with Down Syndrome are born to older women . In reality 80% are born to mothers under age 35 , and the average age is 28 . 
left St. < PROPFIRST > at 12:30 last night ... ughh . 
going to work till 3:30 .. thank god for coffee . 
feeling a little under the weather ( NOT H1N1 LOL ! ) But I'm gonna go to Patient Assessment anyway :( 
Studying , then Applied at 1 , then more studying !! :( 
is bored . 
Did you know Pharmacists can be board certified in nutrition support pharmacy , nuclear pharmacy , oncology pharmacy , psychiatric pharmacy , or pharmacotherapy ? 
People send me farmville and yoville gifts !! LOL 
Needs a miracle this morning ...... :( 
Is ok with all of her rotations except for 1 . And that 1 I'm pretty mad about , how did I get one I didn't list ANYWHERE ??? 
P3s-how was the law quiz , I almost forgot about it !!!! Getting ready to take it now ...... :( 
If anyone used to play Yoville , but doesn't anymore would gift me all their stuff ... I would be mucho happy ... i know it's silly but this game is providing me free entertainment . :D 
Thank God I passed that final ..... my grade wasn't great but I passed yay !!! 
Done with my patient write-up and exhausted !! Still much preparation to do before presentation tomorrow :( 
Just had too much fun singing \Da Dip\ " in karoake hahahaha .... yeah I should be studying . " 
Ok EVERYONE .... scroll all the way down on the facebook homepage where is says English ( us ) and click it .. they have a English ( pirate ) and it's pretty funny !!! Arg !!! hahahaha !!!! 
Ready to leave for Clarksville tomorrow morning bright and early !! 
Got lots to do today !! Fingerprinting , pick up dry cleaning , clean house and study study STUDY !! 
OMG I had 1257 photos on my Rebel !!!!! It's gonna be fun to go through them all .... hope the computer can handle it !! LOL 
Why do I feel like I'm forgetting to do something vitally important ??! 
Can't wait till after this test today !!! Who's with me ? 
I need to STUDY for clinical lit today , finish decorating the Chrismtas tree , and clean the house , AND cook dinner and take our Christmas card picture tonight .. can I do it ? 
Going to wing this final , then write my reflection paper and have to work this afternoon :( How come I can't enjoy Fridays like everyone else ?? :( 
Soo ... got my living room and kitchen cleaned today , and went out on a nice date with my hubby to outback ! It was an enjoyable evening , I love him ! 
Just finished my LAST FINAL !!! No more pharmacy school class work ... I'm REALLY thrilled !! 
Passed Therapeutics !! 
Just Curious , does anyone have a basic institutional rotation in January at LeBonheur with Muniraju ? 
Have a productive day ... finished my last FINAL .... found out I passed ALL my classes , and got all our Christmas cards sent out !!! Yahhooo !!! 
Need to get my but up and finish the house in time to pick Will up from work and go to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to eat dinner !! 
TIRED !! Leaving for FL in about 40 minutes !! hopefully ..... 
I need fishville and fish world gifts everyone !! please !! 
Please send me fishville and fish world gifts :) 
Has to go to work today :( 
I need fishville and fishworld presents :) < PROPMALE > guys for humoring me ; b 
Farmville friends : I need the gingerbread man , northpole sign , and giant lollipop under free gifts :) Pretty please ? 
Fishville friends : if you are feeling genorous this morning I really need free gifts ! I really want plants or decor I can't fit anymore fish right now LOL 
If u play yoville FREE open toe shoes on live deals .. HURRY only 1 < PROPFEMALE > left 
I just started opening my farmville gifts from the tree , and they are actually REALLY good LOL I'm excited .. I've gotten a gray tabby , < PROPFEMALE > chicken , alien cows , fuel refills .... 
Could u guys send me more farmville presents .... i guess we can still recieve them through today ?? < PROPMALE > so much !! 
Spending Christmas < PROPFEMALE > at St. < PROPFIRST > , and I'm A-OK with it :) 
Almost 5 pm ! Then leaving straight from work to drive 3 hrs to Clarksville ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone has had a wonderful Christmas < PROPFEMALE > so far ! 
So why did the farmville presents start off really cool and now all I'm getting is stupid ornaments and gold soldiers .... BOOO farmville ! 
At St. < PROPFIRST > till 7 pm . 
It's 3:25 , only 3 hrs and 35 < PROPFEMALE > before I get to leave :D 
2 hrs 30 < PROPFEMALE > ....... 
is going to have a new neice VERY soon I think .... Squeeeeeeee !!!!!! 
? ~ ? ~ ? ~ \ 
? ~?~?~ HAPPY NEW YEAR ~?~?~ ? \ 
?????????????????????????????? ? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? \ 
~?~ WISHING YOU A GREAT 2011 !!!!!!! ~?~ 
Happy New Year everyone !! I woke up feeling crappy :( hopefully 800mg of Ibuprofen and 120mg of sudafed will help :( :( 
Feeling slightly better ... but not all the way ... WTF ... and I have SOOO much to do today ... sheesh . 
Ok friends : did anyone get any really cool wii games for Christmas ?? I have an amazon gift certificate and want a new wii game . 
Any of my friends going to be at St. < PROPFIRST > Bartlett in January for rotation ? 
Am I the only one who tears up when I watch those \Foundation for a better life\ " commercials ?? They are all so sweet ! " 
Watching \The Wedding Singer\ " LOL " 
FINALLY got all the Christmas stuff down ... now just have to finish house cleaning and wash clothes .. oh the joys of going back on rotation ! 
I wanna go home ... I'm hungry and got lots of stuff to do for tomorrow :( 
Word to the wise .. don't ever attempt to cut your own bangs .... big girls don't cry ..... big girls don't cry ...... 
Rotation Recap : first day went ok ... got my badge made and watched some videos . Dr. Muniraju gave me the choice of rotating between the different departments in the hospital and seeing some procedures for the month , or basically working as a tech the whole month .. which option do you think I chose ? LOL and he thinks I'll be there from 8-4 each day ... shouldn't be too bad . I do have to do a project though ... boooo :( 
Fishville friends .. how do you open the gifts , aren't they suppose to open today ? 
I wonder what is in store for me on rotation today ? 
Rotation Recap day 2 : got to be in the trauma room while they were working on two pediatric motor vehicle accident victims ... it was like one of those reality ER TV shows ... the good news is that both of them are going to recover . I spent the rest of my day shadowing 2 of the most down-to-Earth clinical pharmacists I have ever met ! 
Kind of hoping the weather isn't bad tomorrow ... I don't think snow is an excuse in the world of rotations is it ? 
yellow 
yellow and pink 
How come no one has hatched my < PROPFEMALE > eggs yet ? LOL 
I need 4 more people to help with my barn raising ... can you click on my profile and find the post ? I don't think I can repost it ... 
I just need ONE more person to help with my barn raising ..... it will let you help once a day ! 
Wow I have 2 chicken coops now !! Does anyone else ? 
Errr farmville makes me mad .. why is EVERYTHING for farmcash ?! Sheesh ...... all that cute cow print stuff AND the lop eared < PROPFEMALE > :( 
I only need 3 more people to help with my barn raising .. ya'll are awesome :) 
I went to wash clothes .. and our washer is frozen .... sigh .... I really wanted to wash clothes ! 
I need just 2 more people to help with my barn raising ! Puhleeze ? Thanks so much ya'll! 
Only need ONE more person to help with my barn ! Plz and < PROPMALE > !! 
< PROPFEMALE > alert !! 3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse .. Plate # 98B351 .. Repost if you wish .. You know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew \Seriously !!! I expect to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times .... a child is in danger !!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
OMG somehow I lost my last barn raising !!!!! * sobs * I think I accidently clicked cancel ..... waaaahhhhh !! :( :( please help again ! 
I think I only need 2 or 3 more :) http://apps.facebook.com/onthefarm/reward.php?frHost=63703006&frId=4f7e1e5623d78b01f18ad0d848b819bd&frType=StorageExpansionFriendReward 
Need 2 more :) http://apps.facebook.com/onthefarm/reward.php?frHost=63703006&frId=10b4711668944db75b754b6380ac37d9&frType=StorageExpansionFriendReward 
Need one more person's help and I'm done !! At least until I buy another barn or shed haha . http://apps.facebook.com/onthefarm/reward.php?frHost=63703006&frId=6d787fdcbeca4f314a2839f77a17c318&frType=StorageExpansionFriendReward 
I wonder what I'll be doing on rotation tomorrow ? I hate not knowing . :( 
Before I go to bed does anyone need help with their barn raisin' ? If so please paste your link as a comment :) 
REMINDER FOR MY NON-YOVILLE/NON FARMVILLE/NON any other game PLAYING FRIENDS : To stop the clutter of posts on your wall , please put your cursor in the top right corner of the game post , and choose \Hide FarmVille etc\ " .... this will stop the clutter of all the game postings for you :) ( I stole this idea from < PROPFEMALE > ) " 
9 inches :( 
is trying to get through the day . So far it's SLOW . I'm working on my rotation project at the moment , then I have laundrey to do when I get home . I'm still sad . 
It's getting closer to being home time ! I'm going up on the floor with one of the pharmacists , then I have to go to the VA to have fingerprinting done :( 
To my friends who play petville .... at what level did you get your 5th room ? Or can you only buy the 5th and 6th rooms ? 
At rotation , then fingerprinting and the bank .... I hate going to the bank :( 
Heading over to St. < PROPFIRST > at 3:00 . Can't wait to get home tonight Fridays are so LLOONNGG !! 
If you play Happy Aquarium , will you send me gifts please ? :) I'd greatly appreciate it . 
I just ate WAY too many cookies .... making homemade cookies was a BAD idea . 
St. < PROPFIRST > , please help me find my lost earring ! It was one of my favorites !! :( :( 
Can my farmville buddies send me mystery gifts ? I'm holding out hope I'll actually get something good . 
Can my farmville friends tell me how to get some more chicken coops ? I have a TONNNN of chickens and don't know what do with them all ...... it's way to tedious to try to collect from them all one by one ... and it sucks to try to put them in the coop i have 20 at a time ... takes hour !! Help !! 
Errrr this has NOT been my week for losing things .... a few days ago I lost a beloved < PROPFEMALE > earring , and when I got home this afternoon , the flower from my ballet flats was gone . :( BIG sad face . 
If you play fishville , are you having trouble ? I'm not given the option to feed neighbors fish ... and all the treasure chests ALWAYS say come back tommorow even if I haven't collected . :( 
MUST work on my project tonight .... no other options LOL . 
Can someone motivate me to go back to the gym ?? I REALLY wanna start going again !!! 
So ... I have to be to rotation at 6:30 am tomorrow ..... I am going to be watching surgeries !!! Today I was in the kidney transplant clinic ... neat stuff . 
Can someone clue me on on the Pharmacy grand rounds today ? Are they at UT and what time ?? Am I totally crazy ? LOL 
is terrified to do her presentation tomorrow ... seriously I'm scared . :( :( 
So my first rotation presentation is today ... and I'm pretty scared .. BUT after today there will be NO MORE BASIC ROTATION ... yahoooooo seriously I'm ready for a STRUCTURED rotation instead of fending for myself everyday !!! LOL .... I start neonatology on Monday and I'm excited !!!! 
It's snowing hard outside !! and my presentation isn't until 1:30 - 2:00 and I haven't left the house yet .... hummmmm what if I can't make it ?! 
OK friends .. I made it through the presentation ok .... I am officially through with my first rotation !!! 
Had a long first day of rotation in the NICU ... but I got to fix a baby's nasal canula and turn up her oxygen ! I felt like I actually did something . :) 
Can someone tell me what \further action will be taken\ " means ? Give me a break ....... " 
Does anyone remember the password to view the proofs of our graduation pics ?? 
Farmville friends can you please send me the wooden boards for my horse stable ? THanks so much !!! 
All I need is 2 bricks and 5 wooden boards :) 
So if campus is closed , we don't go to rotation right ?? 
Farmville friends ! I need 1 more brick and 4 more wooden boards to complete my horse stable !! Please help and let me know if you need anything as well . :) 
I need just 1 more board and 2 bricks !! Please :) 
Can someone motivate me to clean the house ??? 
If anyone has bricks to give , I only need TWO MORE to complete my stables :) Please !! 
Farmville friends : I only need ONE MORE BRICK to finish my stable , could someone help me out ? :) Thanks so much !!! 
Can someone send me a brick ? I Just need ONE to complete my stable :) 
Petville friends : I've accepted 20 roses and 7 kisses and it still is saying I'm only 9 out of 10 on completing the challenge :( anyone else having this problem ? 
Going to the gym for the first time in a while ... wish me luck , I wanna shape up for summer ! 
OK .. the man on the news that just talked about < PROPFIRST > county schools make-up days due to snow had the most evil smirk on his face !! Bahahah that man was glad those kids have to make up snow days !! LOL 
Unhappy this evening . 
Friday's are my LONG day .... rotation probably till 5 , then work at St. < PROPFIRST > till 11pm . 
Has anyone had an adult oncology rotation with Rajanna at the VA ? Just wondering how it went .... 
I have a hair appt at 3:30 and an eye appt at 1:15 .... trying to utitilize my ONE day off LOL .... MUST finish my powerpoint tonight as well . :( 
Rotation exam tomorrow and presentation on Friday . I want this week to be over :( 
Last day of rotation , got presentation at 11 , then working at St. < PROPFIRST > tonight . I wish I could like Fridays again .... tomorrow morning we are going to Clarksville :) 
If you play mafia wars can you add me to your mafia somehow ? 
Anyone else going to the VA this morning ? 
To my facebook friends : How do I get the hotrod tractor ? I am currently level 11 in Mafia wars and it's still saying locked !! :( 
For ppl who play petville : can you still buy the rock band thingy for the Pawz stuff ? 
My < PROPFIRST > broke :( 
Can one of my petville neighbors send me the mini tractor ? its only for today right ? 
Whereas last month's preceptor wanted me to chime in and speak up ALOT on rounds , this month's preceptor just seems to want me to keep my mouth shut on rounds .... Le ' Sigh . 
Anyone want to donate to the \Buy < PROPFEMALE > a new flat iron because she's desparate without one\ " fund ? LOL " 
I think I'm getting my second cold in 3 years . This sucks . :( 
is feeling slightly worse today :( 
My preceptor sent me home .... it's just a cold sheesh . 
Wants Adult Oncology to be OVER :( 
Got my new flat iron today , can't wait to try it out !! 
Had a rough day on rotation .... my preceptor has crazy mood swings and I don't know how much more I can take before I go off on him . 
I miss my husband !..... Will Turner I love you :) mmmwah ! 
Why can't things be the way they used to be ?? 
Daylight savings time is kILING me ... it feels like its only 925 !! 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence .... Seoul , South Korea ( On Army base ) 
Down syndrome is not an illness because people with Down syndrome do not need medication to make them better . What they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else . 93% of my friends will NOT copy this . Will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as your status and leave it for at least one hour ! 
Thinks it's just about time to head to the gym . 
Did 50 minutes on the elliptical today !! Yay ! 
Stuck at the VA till who knows when .... Le ' Sigh . 
I'm really craving Subway tonight , I wonder if dear husband will be up for it . 
woke up with a headache 
ya'll ..... My gas tank is BELOW E .... I need to go get gas , but I'm scared I'll run out before I get to the gas station !! But I have to go right ? What happens if I run out of gas on the way ? Will isn't here to bail me out !!! Wahhhhh !!!!! 
Yoville buddies : Is that diving suit rare ? Does it come out of mystery gifts ? 
How old is that < PROPFIRST > Bieber kid ? He's adorable LOL 
Ok looks like the gym is out . 
Woke up a little late , so I didn't have time to play on facebook this morning :( I can't wait to get home to await < PROPFIRST>'s arrival !! I'm thinking dinner and shopping sounds good for tonight and maybe Beale St. tommorow :) 
2 hours left .... I wish my preceptor was in favor of leaving early on Fridays .... 
Had a wonderful weekend with my bestfriend ! I <3 U < PROPFIRST > :) 
Didn't get to play on facebook again this morning :( I need my husband back , he makes sure I wake up early !! 
Sick of this ... 
Yoville buddies-I only need ONE more green widget , can someone help me out ? < PROPMALE > so much ! 
Farmville buddies : If you are able to send 3 eggs at a time I would greatly appreciate it !! AND I will send back ! 
Just took a RIDICULOUS rotation exam . Apparently NO ONE has ever made above a 50% on his exam ... so what's the point ? Why not make the questions easier so you can see what we ACTUALLY learned ? 
LAST day of this month's rotation .. yahooo !!!!! 
Going to the gym and working extra hard tonight . :) 
Did good at the gym tonight . Eliptical for 45 < PROPFEMALE > , ran for 15 < PROPFEMALE > and then did my ab and back strength excercises . Gotta step it up for summer . :) 
Goodnight . I'm so tired . 
Off ALLLLL day , what am I going to do with myself ??? 
I guess it's time to get dressed . 
Going to the gym !! BBS 
Every time I go the gym , something ends up cracking me up . Some people just do bizarre things when they work out . LMAO 
Today's Plan : Stop by VA to drop off my badge , deposit check for Will , Go to gym , Shower and do Hair , then go to work at 2:30 :( 
Golly it takes me forever to get ready . 
Happy Easter Everyone !! Have a blessed day ! 
Getting ready to eat our fabulous Easter Dinner . I made a glazed ham , stuffing , mashed potatoes & gravy , green bean casserole , rolls and of course cranberry sauce . !! Yummm 
Me no likey Monday . :( 
I should have left the pimple ALONE . Lesson learned . 
Going to the gym ... so pumped to run since I was lazy all weekend . 
Just had a really good work out , and as a bonus , Weird guy was at the gym again to entertain me . 
baby run ... cut a path across the blue skies , straight in a straight line you can't get here fast enough . Find your truck , fire it up , < PROPFEMALE > on the gas and off the clutch , leave your work in the dust , I need you in a rush ..... so baby run .... 
I don't want the world to see me ..... cus I don't think that they'd understand . : b 
I <3 < PROPMALE > Compton . ; b 
Back from the gym ... ran 2 < PROPMALE > , and rode bike for 8 < PROPMALE > , not sure if I'm liking the bike , I think I may have to go back to my old friend the eliptical tomorrow . 
No class today and going to work at 12:30 . Gonna try for GTL before I go . :D 
Made it through my workout , did 30 < PROPFEMALE > on eliptical and 30 < PROPFEMALE > utes power walking up an incline , and of course my ab excercises . I even went tanning ! Too bad I have to work today . :( 
Class till 11 , then headed straight to gym , tanning , squeeze lunch in somewhere , then finally heading to St. < PROPFIRST > . I've got a chemo < PROPMALE > tonight if all goes well :) 
Listening to a congenital heart defect lecture that I've already heard twice before . 
Just ate WAY too much !! C'mon body , metabolize metabolize !!!! Ugh lol 
Just got home and getting ready for bed . Gotta work tomorrow so no gym :( 
Our computer has a virus and I'm so frustrated and upset . I've spend so much time trying to remove it . :( 
The Virus is GOONNEEE !!!! Thanks so much < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Just got back from the gym . Currently enjoying a glass of raspberry wine with the husband and planning to start dinner in about 30 minutes . We are having shrimp < PROPMALE > with fresh bread . YUM ! 
Woke up with a headache . Bummer :( 
Had a nice lunch with the husband at a little Mediterranean cafe , then got a cute new outfit ! This day has already been a success and it's not even 1:00 yet . Later we're going to the dog park with Hudson , I love it when Will has the day off ! <3 
The sweet pomeranian was reunited with his owners ! It was great , the poor girl about 14 or 15 was crying and everything , he was obviously loved . 
So I had my first session with my personal trainer and it was awesome . I also found out that I currently have 19% body fat and my goal is going to be 13% . I'm pretty happy with that . 
Trying to wake up and enjoying my morning coffee . Class till 12 , then gym and then going to work this afternoon . 
Happy Birthday Daddy !!! I love you so much you have been the best dad I could have asked for ! 
Got considerable work done on my powerpoint . I'm going to work out at 12 , then tan , than back home to cram for my pediatric midterm tomorrow and finish my powerpoint . FUN ! 
< PROPFEMALE > apples are just about the best things I've ever eaten . YUM . 
Studying :( 
I'm in more pain than I've ever been in after a work out . I can barely move ! :( 
Just gave my sweet weimaraner man a bath ... he hated it but its so worth watching him run around crazy afterwards hahahaha 
Kinda sad today , thank god for my husband , i don't know what I'd do without him . 
I think it's time . 
Working on this presentation is NOT fun , on the plus side I made some fan-freakin'-tastic tacos for dinner . 
I've got a big presentation this morning . :( NOT happy about it . 
Pumping myself up to go to the gym .. I FINALLY don't feel like I was hit by a semi :) 
Good Golly .... I've seen the \Mirena\ " commercial a lot ... but I just saw one where they actually listed the possible side effects .... YIKES ! " 
I have lost something that is very important to me and I'm devestated . :*( 
Dr. Self .... Seriously ?? UGH 
I found my Sigma < PROPFIRST > letters !! I'm so excited ... they were in my bra .... no lie .. when my necklace came undone the pendant must have fell down the front of my shirt LOL I thought they were gone forever ... I'm so happy !! 
Some guy at the mall was like \hey\ " and I didn't respond ... then I heard him loudly say \ " why are girls so stuck up ? \ " to his friend . Seriously ? I have a husband waiting for me AND I'm not interested in a guy who doesn't realize grunge went out in the 90s . No thanks . " 
I hate it when my coffee gets cold before i'm done drinking it . :( Boo 
I wonder if the mailman ever hears me singing .... 
http://apps.facebook.com/onthefarm/reward.php?frHost=100000847054706&frId=92aab08feca20bf8a222d5e465a16176&frType=StorageExpansionFriendReward Please help a fellow farmer with her chicken coop :) 
I need to call the bank but I don't want to . I get so nervous when I have to call places like that . Boo . 
So , on the way home from tanning I saw a boy advertising for Little Caesar's Pizza . His sign that said Little Caesars on it was in the shape of a life size guitar and he was \playing\ " it with some serious emotion with head banging and all . The funny thing was he had on headphones so he was probably \ " playing\ " along with his music . It really cracked me up . This was during rush hour too on a busy road LOL " 
I experienced a gym FAIL today . I don't know what my deal was ... but I couldn't run worth a @#$% guess I just had an off day . 
Got the whole day off with my hubby . I'm about as content as I get . 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 6.6 lbs . The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than the man . Women blink twice as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to hold the balance when we sta ... nd . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . 
I love being a girl . 
Just had some really yummy < PROPMALE > Kha chicken soup that was * almost * as good as Bangkok alley's . :) 
yoville friends : can someone send me 1 yellow widget , its all i need :) 
I think I'm going to try out French Riviera on Union today for a change . 
Up way too early on a Sunday . Going to work be back at 3:30 ; b 
Today I'm making it my mission to lay my eyes on every piece of clothing that belongs to me in this house . Then I will make a decision . Keep it or get rid of it . 
feelin ' pretty crappy .... 
Good morning ... I hope today goes ok . Yipes . :/ 
Living room is ( for the most part ) done . Moving on to kitchen . 
this too shall pass ? 
Will kept saying this morning that he smelled something funny . I just brushed it off , but then he found the source . One of our gas burners was on low . All . Night . Long . Thank you God for sparing us and not letting our house blow up ! 
Gotta pull myself together to go to class . :( I can do it !!.... right ? 
Airing out the house . Hudson is so confused as to y all the doors are open . 
Gonna try to make it to the gym ... I'm all dressed for it just waiting for my iphone to charge ( gotta have music ! ) But now that I'm sitting here I'm reconsidering , maybe a nice walk around the block with Hudson ?? 
Am I feeling better today ? I can't tell so I'm thinking not . It's nice to have Will here though to keep my mind off things . 
Farmville friends : Is it possible for someone to Unwither my crops ?? I know it gave me the option to do that once for a friend's farm . Does anyone know if that's possible ?? 
got LOTS to do today before my final exam and work . BLAH !! I'd get soooo much more done if there were no Facebook !! 
The weather has ruined our plans . We're not going to Clarksville . The storms are horrendous and parts of the interstate are flooded so for safety's sake we are staying in Memphis . Dissapointed is an understatement on how I feel . :( Y did it have to storm this weekend ? 
Tornado sirens going off again . Fantastic . 
Still feeling crabby that we couldn't go to Clarksville today :( The Sirens have gone off at least 5 times . Hudson hates those sirens LOL 
bored bored bored bored bored bored this blows !!! Can't do anything and I hate being stuck in the house . :( 
farmville friends : Where do you get the mini villa ? I saw a few when I was helping neighbors ... also saw a white pony with pink hair ! How do I get that ? 
Does anyone have Am Care at the MED starting on Monday ? I'm with Campbell .. surely I won't be stuck alone all month AGAIN ... right ? 
Man I don't wanna go back on rotation tomorrow . Having a month of electives was oh so nice . :( 
Starting a new rotation tomorrow and I'm nervous !!! 
Starting Am Care at The MED today . Wish me luck !! 
I think I'm going to like Am Care this month , day 1 was a success . 
has a headache :( :( 
Diabetes class this morning and Anticoagulation clinic this afternoon ! Fun day :) 
We got to ride the elevator with an inmate today .... complete with shackels on legs and arms ... I just acted like it was totally normal LOL 
Done with my anticoagulation cases ... now going to bed . Goodnight . 
Ugh Monday , we meet again . 
Just found out my grandpa has cancer , please say a prayer for him . I don't know how much more bad news I can handle this year .. 2010 has been the worst year EVER . :( 
Good morning friends . Off to work at 11:30 , then home to spend time with my boys . 
The power is out at the MED ! Code yellow internal disaster :( 
TO MY NON-GAME-PLAYING FRIENDS : I play games\ 
that generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . \ 
If you don't want to see these , move your cursor over the game message \ 
and the word \Hide\ " will appear . Click on \ " Hide\ " for the game name - and\ 
WOWEE , it's almost my anniversary ! 
If you live Near a 7-11 and are willing to buy cheap items and send me codes , please send me a message . I need your help ! ~ LOL 
REALLY stressed out . Boo :( 
Don't think I've ever been this UNprepared for a presentation . I'm so nervous I wanna puke :( 
Please send me positive thoughts today around 2 pm . 
( to my friends who live near 7-eleven ) If you go to 7-eleven and have extra Yoville or Farmville codes , I would love them ! 
Today is my last full day of Am Care at the Med . :) 
Are there any Chinese places in Memphis that deliver ?? 
Just woke up !! WOW haven't slept this long in a LONG time haha . But I woke up with a headache , do you think it's just because I need caffeine ? 
Somebody near me is annoying the crap out of me with their stupid laughing . Uhhuhuhuhu uhuhuhuhuhu ..... shut up ! 
Really bored at work :( 
Oh I forgot to tell y'all I'm officially a 4th year pharmacy student now . Just 1 more year till I'm a doctor :) 
I'm very upset I can't find my camera . :( I feel like I've looked EVERYWHERE :( 
Hopefully today will be a better day for me emotionally . I'm thinking positive . :) 
Does anyone of my farmville buddies produce pink or purple ponies ?? I really want one LOL 
OMG I found my camera !!!!! Sweet I'm super excited !! 
Dragging my lazy butt to the gym ... it's been awhile :( Then work from 2:30 -11 :( :( 
HOLY COW !! I just ran outside for half an hour and I think I was about 2 minutes from overdoing it !! But it felt SOOOO good . :) 
Today's Plan : Go running in about 20 minutes , go to lunch with my hubby , try to do a < PROPMALE > bit of house work , and go to work from 2:30 -11pm . If I run out of time guess which item is getting dropped ? haha 
Goodness I don't wanna go to work today .. or tomorrow .. or Monday .. or Tuesday .. but Wednesday ? Going to Clarksville !!!! yay !! 
Going to bed ! Today kicked my butt :( 
Finished run with Runmeter , on a new route , time 28:24 , 2.24 < PROPMALE > , average 12:41 . 
Started run with Runmeter at 9:52 , on a new route , see http://j.mp/dimfO0 , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
Started run with Runmeter at 8:04 , on a new route , see http://j.mp/buB6vB , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
Just now leaving work ... tired ... sore .... and REALLY sick of making chemo :( 
Good God A'mighty I own ALOT of scrubs . 
Made it to Clarksville . Wish things were different but I'm here and gonna enjoy myself :) 
Started run with Runmeter at 10:56 , on a new route , see http://j.mp/bo9vaQ , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
I love u guys . Y does life have to change when it was so perfect ? 
Going to Nashville today :) 
My big boy weighs 73lbs !! 
Home from Clarksville . Yesterday we had a wonderful time at the CMA festival in Nashville , I danced on the bar at Coyote Ugly , and saw Zac Brown band , Rascall flatts , < PROPFEMALE > Mcbride , < PROPFIRST > Currington , Eastern Corbin and someone else I forgot LOL . 
Gotta go to the gym today .... sadly it's just too hot to run outside :( 
Spooning my weimaraner .... 
uggg I hate going to the UPS store . :( 
We's having us a fish fry tonight ! :) 
Drinking tea so close to bed time was a bad idea .... I think I'll finally try to go to sleep :( 
Getting ready to go run , then gotta pack for hangliding !! 
OK P4s , what is this registration thing about ?? I'm kinda pissed off about it :( I'm really confused ...... 
I Need to do the Cat litter boxes and I'm waiting until the lllassssttt minute !!! I despise doing cat boxes .... does anyone want some siamese cats ?? OMG they are annoying . :/ 
Going hangliding at lookout mountain today :) 
Done with the instructional part of < PROPFEMALE > gliding .... I'm good at alot of things ... but < PROPFEMALE > gliding is NOT one of them ... I crashed and burned lol 
Tandem < PROPFEMALE > gliding was amazing !!! 
Just found a beautiful box turtle ! 
Happy Fathers ' day dad !! I have the best dad in the world :) 
Got to go to work soon :( I so wanna call in hahahaha 
We had our roof redone which is pretty awesome , but it's WAY greener than the shingles I thought we chose :( 
C'mon 4:00 !!! Or at least 11:30 so I can eat .. 
So the truth came out last night ... my husband CHOSE the green shingles :: LOL :: I can't help but laugh . 
Frontierville friends : I can't find my spouse ?? LOL and I need him to harvest wheat ... what gives ?? Maybe he got tired of my bullcrap and left ...... hahahhaa 
I wish the real world would just stop hassling me .... 
My captcha to sign in for my bank was b1tch ..... hmmmmmm ........ : b 
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? :: listening to music in the St < PROPFIRST > cafeteria lol :: 
Awe I woke up to lots of sweet birthday messages , thanks everyone :) 
Hummmm what to do before work ? I think I'll go to the gym then give myself a pedicure ... my idea of fun ! :) 
Ran 5K , now for lunch :) 
Just hangin out in da hood on my birthday . :) 
Thanks everyone to for the wonderful birthday wishes !! I loved reading all your messages :) 
FRONTIERVILLE friends : Can a bunch of you revive my crops ?? LOL I shouldn't have planted them right before work :( 
Trying to decide what to do tonight . My birthday dinner and movie isn't until tonight . I could either clean the house or go to the gym , or both if I'd get off my butt . 
Just had a good cry , now I feel better :) 
Had a marvelous birthday dinner at Russos :) 
Gonna try to upload some pics from Chattanooga , then me and Will are going to the gym , maybe Thai food and Wal mart later :) 
Shooting in RAW is amazing . That is all . 
MUST . go . to . bed . * sigh * ... but I'm NOT tired !!!! Wahhhhhh 
Anybody good with iphone/itunes ?? How do I transfer all of my stuff on my iphone to my itunes library ?? It's saying I need to do this before I update my software and I can't figure it out :( 
I'm Devestated ... when I updated my iphone to the new software .. I lost ALL my music .. it's just gone :( and this isn't the original computer i purchased the music on since that one crashed so I think I'm screwed ... any ideas ? I want to cry :*( 
Going to see Eclipse tonight ! 
Starting rotation today at LeBonheur for Nutrition , fun times !! 
First day of rotation went well .... then I ran and I even came home and cooked dinner ! 
Change of plans today ... now I'm spending the day with hubby :) Yay ! 
Frontierville friends : How do I get a saltpeter to craft fireworks ? 
Happy July 4th Everyone !!!! 
Do you guys think the mall is open today ? 
How can I find a stud in the wall if I'm hanging something heavy ?? 
I am such a bad Doggy mommy LOL ... Hudson rings a < PROPFEMALE > when he needs to go outside ... well he was just hanging out in the kitchen ... then I hear him whining and when I go in there I see I have placed a large box in front of the back door and it's blocking his potty < PROPFEMALE > !! bahahahaha he was so excited to go out . LOL 
SO glad to be home , had a long day at rotation ... not hard .. just really long . 
Note to self : my medium sized stock pot is not big enough to handle an entire package of tortellini . 
Frontierville friends ... I need ONE more hand drill to complete my inn , can anyone help ? <3 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for dinner = Happy Steph . 
tired of being sad . That is all . 
Frontierville neighbors : does anyone have a welcome mat I can borrow and promtly gift back to you ? Pretty please ?? 
Frontierville friends :: I am in desparate need of a welcome mat please !!! I was told that the mat was not used in the mission and a friend was nice enough to let me borrow hers but now it's gone for me to gift back and I feel terrible !!! 
Frontierville people : does ANYONE have an extra welcome mat ?? 
is feeling dreadful for some unknown reason :( 
It's raining really hard outside and I lost my umbrella . Waahhhhhh !!!! :( 
Long day at Lebhoneur . Made homemade pizza for dinner and that pretty much made up for it . Yum . 
Do you know anybody who's like a brilo pad ?? Effecient but too abrasive ?? Hahahaha 
I need to go to the doc for these headaches .. I'm getting about 3 bad ones per week .. and OTC pain meds- Ibu and APAP aren't working !!! Wahhhhhhhh !!! 
Officially has no more credit card debt !! And I'm never getting another credit card .... EVER !! 
4 hours left ...... 
My poor husband came home from work and ran straight into the shower ..... he got sprayed with blood today ! Ewwww 
Does anyone know if Direct TV offers HBO on demand ?? 
I just watched \Something the Lord Made\ " .... and I STILL have goosebumps ..... great movie . " 
So my hair is getting extremely unruly ... I need suggestions on what do with with really LONG and THICK hair . I'd love a change but I'm afriad of it not looking good !! Any ideas ? 
This is the day the lord has made , let us rejoice and be glad ! 
Does anyone know where I can watch True blood online ?? Finally got HBO ... but Direct TV doesn't seem to have HBO on demand ( lame ! ) I want to catch up before i watch tonight's episode . 
Why does my husband keep trying to get me to drink more wine ?? LOL 
oh my . 
Where is a good place in Memphis to get my hair highlighted and cut ?? I'm not super happy with the place I have been going to . * pout * 
True blood in 30 < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Why do I procrastinate ??? 
I sunbathed for as long as I could ..... oh I how love the sun :) So relaxing . 
I hear thunder ...... YAY ! 
OK ... I'm dragging myself kicking and screaming to the kitchen to cook dinner . :[ 
Do you ever drag out your old yearbooks to see what people wrote ? LOL 
I need motivation !!! REALLY bad . :( 
I was right in the middle of working on my presentation and the power went out :( Scared me bad ! 
STILL without power ..... extremely unhappy about it ...... :( 
An\ 
aunt can give hugs like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and love \ 
like a friend !!! If your an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews post \ 
this as your status :) 
Yawn 
LOL ... in my Recommended pages section .... \Drinking\ " and underneath it says \ " Many who like Partying like this\ " LMAO ... you think ?? " 
Getting ready to finish this presentation and put it all behind me . * sigh * 
Powerpoint is done ! But presenting is the hard part ..... :( 
Eating lunch with Sampy , Carlesia , < PROPFEMALE > and Dr. Christensen :) 
Presentation done ! It was scary lol ! 
Had a long but satisfying day at rotation ... laid out for 30 min ... now gotta figure out what to cook for dinner . 
Watching \Little Man\ " and it's cracking me up ! Who the heck would believe that was a baby ??! LMAO " 
Errr it's storming again ... storms are only cool at night when i don't have to be up early ... and the lights just flickered ... :( 
I'm craving pancakes .. 
Making chemo tonight :( 
What an awful way to wake up on a Saturday ! Apparently my tire has a nail in it ..... and it cant be patched so the whole tire has to be changed and non of the techs are at wal mart yet and Will is stuck there because I can't go pick him up because i don't have his truck key ... and he's very unhappy about it .... thus I am unhappy too :( 
Home from work ... had a LONG day . So glad to be home , now waiting on our pizza to get here . 
May have laid in the sun too long . 
True Blood tonight .. I can hardly contain my excitement ! 
I think I'm going to make myself a chocolate frozen yogurt milkshake . MMM 
That didn't look sterile ! Hahaha 
Started run with Runmeter at 8:15 AM , on a new route , see http://j.mp/8XuEdM , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
I really despise that Old Navy \Booty\ " commercial .... HATE it . " 
So I've decided to run the St. < PROPFIRST > Half Marathon in December ... wish me luck , I started training today !! :) 
People are despicable . The End . 
My twilight books are coming today !! Yes I'm finally ready them now that I've read all the True Blood books :) 
Gotta be at St. < PROPFIRST > in less than 3 hours ... where does the time go ??? 
Today's Plan : Run 3 < PROPMALE > , go to salon , clean house , lay out in sun . Relax . :) 
Started run with Runmeter at 7:57 AM , on a new route , see http://j.mp/aQegJh , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
I waited a little too long to run this morning .... I did my 3 < PROPMALE > but I thought I was gonna die .. I wanted to cry a few times but I had no tears LOL 
I had the best experience of someone washing my hair today ... EVER . I also got my hair thinned out and cut some and highlighted . I like it :) 
I'm officially signed up for the St. < PROPFIRST > Half Marathon ! :) 
Woke up late .... but still gonna attempt to do my 3 < PROPMALE > today . It's overcast so I should be fine ... as long as it doesn't rain . hmmmmm . 
Started run with Runmeter at 9:24 AM , on a new route , see http://j.mp/9fBAtN , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
I want a Vampire . 
oh man .. Family guy cracks me up . 
Going on a run ... then going to work ... then True blood tonight !!! :D 
Started run with Runmeter at 6:55 AM , on a new route , see http://j.mp/amH7AO , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
You can keep me company < PROPFIRST >...;) 
I hadn't cried over it in weeks , and yet at this particular moment , the tears almost came . I felt that familiar tug in my chest as I listened to the words of the song .... 
I am insanely bored . 
I'm thinking of putting a sign in our work bathroom that reads : \your wife does not work here so please put down the toilet seat\ " hahahaha " 
This undergarment was a mistake :/ 
There is something terribly wrong with having to walk UP a flight of stairs to get out of the gym I use ... seriously it's like an insult after the injury . 
I got all my music back !! Yeah I'm a little shocked :) 
The heart has an photographic memory , and no matter how long it's been I get that woozy fluttering in my chest whenever I see him . 
I have a recurring dream : Airplanes crashing , fire , explosion . I'm never ON the plane , I just see them from the ground , powerless to stop what I know is about to happen . The other night the plane I usually would dream about was replaced with a helicopter ... it still crashed . 
Tilapia in the oven ... Muddy's after dinner , and then running 3 < PROPMALE > tonight . :) ... you know .. to burn off the Muddy's :D 
Up but not at ' em ..... 
My feeble attempts at controlling my breathing while I was running on the treadmill didn't go well ... I'm pretty sure some people thought I was gonna pass the heck out ! 
I will be using these to my advantage . 
How can I tag someone in my status ?? Does anyone know what I'm talking about ? 
I was riding on a school bus with < PROPFIRST > Grimes and < PROPMALE > Armistead in a weird dream last night .... Hummmmmm . 
Yay I get to work with < PROPFEMALE > Jones today !! 
Still have 4 hours left at work and everything is already done ... le siggghhhh 
Somehow made it to work on time ... 
Why is it that what I WANT to do and what I NEED to do are never the same ? 
I wish Hudson was a weredog .... I wonder what he would look like as a human ?? 
Cus I can't help it if you look like an angel ...... 
Dragging my lazy self to the gym to run .... I SOOOOO don't feel like running . :( 
I'm only gonna break break your break break your heart . 
I wanna take ballroom dancing lessons :) 
Hey facebook friends ! What's up ? 
I'm Hungry . 
Forgot what i was supposed to do today ! Will call me !! 
Some dye bled onto my favorite dress in the wash .. is there any hope of it coming out ?? 
I do NOT want to take Hudson to be boarded :( 
What does a space cowboy look like ? 
I'm just a little bit too excited about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tonight . :) yummmmm 
i want to get a motorcycle .... not to drive just to ride on ... Will would have to drive it . :) 
The rain in Florida smells amazing . 
Heading to the springs :) 
Just went parasailing up 2000 ft . It was amazing ! We saw lots of dolphins , rays , fish and sea turtles !! 
Heading to the ER in Ormond Beach .... our friend got bitten by his green mamba .... 
Officially on our way back to Memphis . I already miss FL ! 
Blah . Back in Memphis and I have a million things to do today . 
Does anyone know when the encore presentation of last night's True blood comes on HBO ?? I missed it last night !!! 
Just fed turtles , tortoises and kitties , now I get to eat !! 
Ever feel like someone is holding you back but you aren't sure what from ? 
Had Belgian waffles for dinner :) 
I got 3 Leopard geckos !! :) Pictures to follow , their names are < PROPFIRST > Cullen , < PROPFEMALE > , and Pinky . 
I <3 Shia LaBeouf .. and he's only 2 years younger than me ! haha 
Just bought a Wii ... super excited !! 
getting ready to start my shrimp < PROPMALE > . mmmmmm :) 
At\ 
the age of 4 : Mom knows everything . At 8 , Mom knows alot . At 12 , Mom \ 
really doesn't know everything . At 14 , Mom doesn't know anything . At 16 , \ 
Mom doesn't exist . At 18 , mom is old fashioned . At 25 , maybe mom does \ 
know about this . At 35 , before we decide , let's ask mom . At 45 , I wonder\ 
...... what ... mom thinks about this ? At 75 , I ... wish I could ask mom \ 
about this .... Post if u have the best mom in the world ! 
Going to Tunica tonight !! 
Please please pray for my husband's mother , < PROPFIRST > . She has taken a turn for the worse and care may be withdrawn soon . We are broken-hearted . 
My little Sister < PROPFEMALE > got a cell phone and she calls me !! hahahah It's the cutest thing in the entire world ! She called me this afternoon and it really brightened up my day . 
has a heart ache . 
Going to bed . When Will is gone I stay up WAY to late . 
Today is not good . The world is gonna lose a wonderful woman very soon , and I have to start my new rotation tomorrow ... at Kroger . Blah . It's so hard to go back to rotation after having the month off . 
At some point I will have to resume my marathon training .... today is as good a day as ever I suppose . SIGH . 
My husbands mother has gone to be with Jesus . I am saddened for those of us left behind , but happy she is no longer in pain . Please pray for those who loved her . She was very loved here on Earth and will continue to be in Heaven . 
Does anyone else start at Kroger tomorrow ? Or have you had the rotation at Kroger on < PROPMALE > Levee with Lockhart ? 
My wii came today and I'm attempting to set it up . I had to take a break though because it's getting on my nerves ! 
It's hard to believe she is gone ... the last time I saw her she was so full of life . 
I got the Wii up and running ! Too bad I have to go to rotation at noon . 
My first day in retail EVER went ok . 
5 hours at Kroger then ???? hours at St < PROPFIRST > . 
TGIF .... too bad I have to work all weekend . 
I'm clueless when it comes to this stuff ... how can I get wireless internet in our house ? We currently use AT&T DSL , but it's wired and I want wireless so I can connect the wii . 
Good morning everyone ! Gotta work today from 11:30 -8 .. but then me and Will have the whole day off tomorrow together , I'm so excited ! 
Has anyone here that uses Netflix on the wii gotten rid of their regular cable ? 
Flu clinic all day tomorrow :) 
My Wii fit plus game and balance board arrived today and I had so much fun trying it out !! 
Started run with Runmeter at 8:05 AM , on a new route , see http://j.mp/b1KjO8 , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
Just logged on here with WIRELESS internet ... at HOME !!! Project install wireless router was a success !!! 
Leaving St < PROPFIRST > , going home and going to bed !! 
I'm disappointed my wii doesn't play DVDs ! I thought for sure it did . 
People amuse me ..... 
Watching The Proposal with < PROPFIRST > Turner 
Was there a new episode of true blood last week ? Is tonight the finale ?? 
Made my special Pizza and yummy cupcakes for desert .. now I have a fat happy hubby all stretched out on the couch :) 
Getting ready to watch True Blood finale !!! 
Something something something ... dark side . 
A dvd is stuck in my dvd player and i can't get it out !!! I am very unhappy about it too . :*( 
My husband is 30 today : b 
Has had a not so good day so far .... someone hit my parked car at Kroger today .. and now I am getting ready to call phillps because my brand new DVD player does not work :( 
I'm very impressed with the customer service I received from Philips today . I wasn't on hold at all , talked to a real person I could understand , and they are replacing my entire surround sound/DVD player ! 
I had the worst night of sleep last night I've had in a LONG time . I took a Claritin D 24 hour yesterday morning and that sucker lasted me 24 hours !!! I need to switch to the 12 hour pills I think . 
is not feeling well :( 
Today is a new day :) 
wish this heartache would go away .... 
At the emission testing place .... Boooooooooo ! 
Burned my tongue at lunch . :( I hate that 
Got a new TV today ! Super excited , the TV we are currently using is 16 years old !! Isn't that crazy ? I wanted to get a 42\ but my husband had to have the 50\ " ... hrm . " 
I can't believe this rotation is just about over !! Time is flying by . I start at the Med on Friday . 
Eat at Chili's today !!! 100% of their proceeds go to St. < PROPFIRST > today !!!! 
If anyone should try to contact me via phone and you don't get an answer , it's not just me being me , I actually have an excuse this time ! My phone is dead and my usb cable has kicked the bucket . I refuse to pay $19 for that cable from the apple store ( r they serious ? ) So I have purchased TWO cables from overstock.com ... for less than $11 with shipping .. the bad news it will be even longer till I can use my phone :( 
Got a lot of errands to run and chores to do today . How come days off are never really days off ? 
Does anyone have Advanced institutional at The Med next month ? Just curious :) 
Making Acorn Squash and mushroom chicken for dinner ... i have to make up for not cooking last night :) 
There is a GREEN grasshopper thing in my kitchen !!!! I'm scared shxtless of it !!!! I know that's stupid but OMG I need someone to kill this thing !! 
A little nervous about today . I have my retail pharmacy rotation test today and retail is certainly NOT my area of expertise . LOL ... not that I have an area of expertise .. but u know what I mean . :) 
Somewhere\ 
right now a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with meds , \ 
holding their bladder because they can't pee , starving cause they missed\ 
lunch , being puked on , pooped on , bled on , yelled at and is missing \ 
their family all while taking care of yours . In the minute it took you \ 
to read this , nurses all over the ... world are saving \ 
lives ............. Repost if you are a nurse , love or APPRECIATE one ! 
Watching a show about a polygamist family .... very strange and yet interesting . 
I woke up with a head ache :( I did not go to bed with a head ache . What in the heck went on in my head over night to cause a head ache .. i was sleeping !! blah ! :( 
Starting my rotation at the Med this morning ... advanced institutional . I love starting new rotations ... makes me feel that much closer to graduating ! :) 
SOOOOOO proud of my husband !!! He got into the first CRNA program he applied to !! They only accepted 15 people ! Looks like Memphis will be our home for at least 4 more years . 
October is Down Syndrome Awareness Month !! The precious girl in my profile pic is < PROPFEMALE > , my sister who has Down Syndrome . 
I need to do some house cleaning and work on my resume , but right now I'm watching Avatar . :) 
Getting my most hated chores done today . I've done the entire bathroom and kitchen including the dreaded oven ... now I just have to vacuum and mop and the house will be clean ! 
Making white chili and corn bread .. YUM . 
Watching extreme makeover and crying like a baby LOL 
Ordered < PROPFEMALE > out from Thai Bistro for lunch and they made my Spicy fried rice about 10x more spicy than usual . : x my mouth is on fire !! 
Got a lot accomplished today ! Now if only I would start running again .... sigh . 
Just did Wii Fit , now I have to get ready to go to The Med . I wish I could stay home all day with my boys ! 
Fixed my Dyson !! Whoohoo , now gonna do some minimal house cleaning and start dinner . Bow tie pasta with spaghetti sauce and a fresh french loaf of bread . YUM . 
So you know how some trucks , usually owned by men have fake \balls\ " attached the bumper .... well on my way home today this < PROPFIRST > had a stuffed monkey in that spot !! It was a sock monkey style and it was sooooo weird watching it flip and flop in the wind .... LOL " 
Going to Garden Ridge before heading to the Med , then St. < PROPFIRST > . 
SOOOOOOOO don't wanna go to work , but I must :( 
Feeling confused and messed up . So much to be happy about and so much to be sad about too . Blah . 
My sinuses are feeling bad :( 
So conflicted . I'm super excited to see some family I haven't seen in a very long time this weekend , but I hate hate HATE leaving my husband even for one night ! I get SOOOO homesick , what's wrong with me ? 
Back in Memphis . Had a wonderful WONDERFUL weekend and got to see some dear family members I have not seen in quite awhile . This weekend was good for my heart . 
Just bought an HDMI cable from amazon for 2.17 with shipping . 
Enjoying watching the Titans on the new 50\ TV ! Pretty awesome ! and the fact that they are winning is a plus ;) " 
Listening to my 3 male colleagues discuss steak LOL 
Me and the dog just had the hiccups at the same time . :) 
same here ... maybe we are early , where does she live ? 
Why did the Snuggie people feel the need to do a commercial with a silly song to the tune of \the Macarena\ " ??? That drives me nuts !! LOL " 
2 days of rotation left !! Then leaving for FL on Thursday and don't start my new rotation until Tuesday .. so I get a little mini vacay !!! Sweet ! 
Hanging out in < PROPMALE > , FL with some of my favorite men : My husband , father-in-law .. and of course my dog . 
My husband almost had me convinced yesterday that he is left handed ! LOL ... 
Me and Will just looked through a very old scrapbook that his mother made when she was in High School . It was amazing seeing everything she held dear from that time period of her life , all her corsages , love notes , cards , etc . Made me tear up for sure . 
Happy Halloween Everyone ! 
We had a nice time in < PROPMALE > , but NOT looking forward to tomorrow and the 7 hour drive all by myself :( 
Made it back to Memphis finally , I drove barefoot all the way from FL ! LOL 
Going to bed , start my women's health rotation tomorrow . 
I tried a Red bull energy shot yesterday on the drive home from FL .... It sort of tasted like some sort of cough syrup .. but if you HAD to take it as medicine you'd be ok with it .... not sure if it worked though . 
Woke up feeling like crap :( 
Does anyone know if it costs money ( aside from shipping charges of course ) for UPS to pick up a package from your house ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for dinner :) 
Sipping on pumpkin spice coffee and snuggled up in my snuggy ... I LOVE fall . Work at 11:30 though :( 
Just had pizza off my new stoneware from pampered chef .. it's awesome !! 
A\ 
Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check\ 
payable to the people of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up \ 
to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way \ 
too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Very Proud of my Husband , Dad and Mom .. all Veterans ! 
Working from home for my rotation tomorrow ;) 
Seriously unhappy with my experience at the Walgreens Take Care Clinic . :( 
Heartache 
Got a new coffee maker and the coffee is the SHIZNIT . Yum . :-) 
For all my pharmacy friends : If your going to the dinner tonight do you know what time it is ?? and which butcher shop it's at ?? 
3 interviews down , 3 to go ! 
Woke up with my sinuses in an uproar ( again ) can't we just get along ?? LOL 
Trying to organize all my stuff today .. I have too much stuff . 
No rotation today , but got a lot of errands to run unfortunately . Got a mountain of laundry to do , and a journal club presentation to work on . :) Better get started ! 
Watching the lovely bones . 
Would it be weird to buy laundry soap and ketchup from walgreens ?? hahaha I'm too lazy to go all the way to walmart or kroger . 
Excited for Thanksgiving !... nice little break from rotation , going to FL , time with hubby , get to see my bro-n-law < PROPFIRST > D . Turner and Dad-n-law and .... drum roll please .... We are going to see < PROPMALE > Potter !!! hahaha 
Dear Coffee , oh how I love our morning rendezvous . < YUM > 
Working on article presentation for tomorrow , then working on my final project presentation .. is has to be 30 < PROPFEMALE > !! Ack !!!!! 
so so SO much to do today . * sigh * 
Heading to FL VERY early tomorrow . :) 
Fat and Happy :-) 
Going back to Memphis tomorrow morning , enjoyed our Thanksgiving in < PROPMALE > ! 
Should arrive back in Memphis around 3:00 . Then I have to work on my presentation for the rest of the day . Last day of rotation is Tuesday then December off !!! 
LAST day of rotation !! Should be a short day , just have to do my Presentation for Dr. Brown .... then I'm coming home to decorate for Christmas !!! I love decorating for Christmas , we're getting the tree today too . :) :) 
Rotation officially over !! 
Blah ... I need a break from cleaning/decorating . Took forever to take all my Thanksgiving decor down .. then clean the living room before digging into the Christmas stuff :) Made a little progress , but LOTS to do tomorrow , so glad I don't go to work till Thursday . 
I have a question for anyone who bakes : If I usually make Standard sized muffins , and I want to make the same recipe using a pan for Jumbo sized muffins , how do I need to adjust the temperature or time ? I was assuming maybe just cook them longer ?? 
We had a chicken casserole and acorn squash for dinner , and getting ready to make pumpkin muffins ( Will's fav ! ) 
I think I might go to the mall before work ... just for fun :) 
Missing you today . 
\There should be no human faces on Facebook but \ 
Just got done decorating the other Christmas tree .. and I'm soooooo exhausted ! 
Getting ready to have some moose tracks :) Then later we are taking our picture for our Christmas card :) 
Soooo bored at work ! Someone entertain me :) 
It's so COLD in here I'm losing feeling in my extremities !! Is it lunch time yet ?? 
Blah ... working tonight , tomorrow , Sunday and Monday .... Why oh why do I do this to myself on my \off\ " months ? " 
Heading to work , 7am comes awfully early on Saturday morning . :/ 
Had a really fun night last night at a Christmas party .... now gotta go to work to make Chemo :( 
I'm enjoying \The < PROPFEMALE > Bride\ " atm . :) " 
The meatloaf is starting to smell yummy ! 
My dad is playing < PROPFEMALE > today :) I <3 him ! 
Started high intensity interval training today .... 1st session .... 20 min ... I . wan t.t o . die 
In Clarksville until Tuesday :) 
Heading back to Memphis . We had a great time in Clarksville ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone ! Making the best of my day off and relaxing all day until it's time to start the big Christmas dinner . I have to work tomorrow at St. < PROPFIRST > so we are having our big dinner tonight when Will gets off . I also plan to get up early tomorrow to make us a big Christmas breakfast . I have a feeling I'll have a happy hubby . He loves to eat LOL . 
Exhausted from cooking , but it's going to be so worth it ! 
The Christmas dinner was a HUGE success !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I got some really nice things from my awesome hubby , pics to come :) 
On my way to St < PROPFIRST > and it's snowing !! So excited :) 
3 hours of work left :( getting sleeeepy 
We woke up to snow on the ground this morning :) A white Christmas 1 day late , it's ok I'll take it <3 
Please if you can , say a prayer for my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > . Their house has burned down and they lost EVERYTHING :( They also lost a beloved dog and some others pets ..... I'm so shocked and heartbroken for them . 
I need a job for after graduation 
For those who said a prayer for my aunt and uncle ... Prayers work miracles !!! Their beloved dog thought to have died in the fire was found by a neighbor running around !!! She made it out alive and has been reunited with my uncle !!! 
Very sad right now .. I lost a beloved earring today that was given to me by Will somewhere at work . I have no hopes of ever finding it . :( :( I know it's just a material possession , but I am devastated . :( 
2010 was a rough year for us . We're praying 2011 is better ! It has to be .. :) 
What's Staphacocalus ?? Bahahaha 
So , we DO have to go to rotation if UTHSC is closed ?? I remember last year we DIDN'T have to go if the university was closed .... did anyone else think that ? 
I wish I knew if I was supposed to go to rotation ... it actually looks pretty bad out there ..... :( 
Still not sure if I'm supposed to go to rotation today * stressing out * 
Hanging out at St. < PROPFIRST > till 3 ish , then heading over to St. < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFEMALE > out till 8:30 or 9:00 pm ..... yay .... Lol 
Blah .... Got a headache and not looking forward to heading out into the cold to go to work , looking forward to going to bed ! 
oh my GOODNESS is anyone watching Toddlers and Tiaras ?? 
The 3rd floor of St < PROPFIRST > Bartlett is an interesting place . 
snuggled up in my slanket :) 
So am I a Gemini or a Cancer ??? 
Have you ever had an unexplainable , total lapse in thinking ? I was looking all over for my sweet mint ice cream , it wasn't in the freezer and I KNEW it was nearly full ( as much as Will loves it , I knew he didn't polish off an entire half gallon ) . Looked in the fridge on a whim and sure enough it was in there !! WTF was I thinking ? :p 
Did 5 songs on Just Dance 2 and now I'm watching Atonement ... oh how I love weekends when I'm off . Wish my sweetie was home though . 
Gonna go wake up will ;) 
Going to Sephora today <3 squeeel !!! 
Buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzed .... that darn waiter at El Mezcal made our Margaritas toooooo strong .... he got a nice tip hahahahahahahaha 
( Reposted ) This year we will experience 4 unusual dates .... 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/ 11 .... NOW go figure this out .... take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it WILL EQUAL TO 111 .... 
WOW ... I'm watching \Obsessed\ " on netflix and it makes me really thankful I'm somewhat normal LOL " 
Excited for Hardcore pawn tonight :) 
The new Allstate Mayhem commercial where the guy plays a not updated GPS ..... Pure brilliance ! hahahahah \recalculating !! \ " Hillarious ! " 
I was browsing PubMed and came across a case report titled \An old lady with hyponatremia and recurrent falls\ " I actually chuckled out loud . : b " 
I'd be enjoying this snow a whole lot more if it wasn't necessary that I go out in it :( 
I'm all of a sudden EXHAUSTED . I needed to start on my project tonight , but think I'm going to bed instead . 
Soooo sleepy today :( 
Very Very Very VERY disappointed with the USPS today :( 
So is there anything I can do if the USPS lost something of mine but it was not insured ?? I'm so upset over this I couldn't sleep last night :( I hate USPS . 
Procrastination ... we meet again . 
sooo struggling with this presentation .. and I need a rough draft by TONIGHT . Wahhhhhh :( 
Got my rough draft done ... going to bed ! 
Last full day of rotation tomorrow ... nervous about my oral exam :( 
Blah woke up in pain again .... think I'm gonna have to go to the health center on Monday . My frontal sinuses hate me . :( 
REALLY enjoying my white russian .... yummmy . :) The hubby has been on my good side lately ... he randomly got me red roses the other day and made me yummy drinks tonight ... I wonder what he wants ?? hahahhaha Love you Will ! 
Last day of rotation ! Just have to do my presentation :) 
Got our taxes done last night .... we're getting a little less of a refund than last year , but still pretty nice , we're using it pay off our new windows for the house and some other home improvement projects :) 
Wow lots of birthdays on my friend list today ! Happy Birthday to : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Pehmoeller Rushing , < PROPFIRST > Keele , < PROPFEMALE > YoColgan , < PROPFIRST > Kurtich , and < PROPFIRST > Newcomer ! Hope y'all have a wonderful day !! 
It's sooooo tempting not to go to class today . HMMMMM 
Watching \Storage Wars\ " one of mine and Will's favorite shows to watch together .... those men on there are so hateful to each other bidding over storage units LMAO . " 
My contact and I had a fight this morning , still not sure who won ..... 
Hudson disparately wants to catch a squirrel in the back yard . :) Too bad he's too slow . 
Woe is me post of the day : I REALLY don't wanna go to work today and WHYYYY won't the mail come ? :( 
Ordered Pizza ! Excited because I don't have to cook !.. and because I like pizza ;) 
I don't even have to watch the Superbowl .. I'm getting a complete play by play right on my newsfeed .. LOL :) 
Waited too long to make my yearly eye appointment and ran out of contacts , now I have to wear glasses until Tuesday ! Boooo :( 
Will only worked 3-7 today but I missed his punk butt ;) 
No class tomorrow :) Squeeeelll !!!! 
I can't get my exam to open you guys !!!! :( 
So how long are we expected to wait for it to work again ?? 
Had a great < PROPFIRST > Date with my hubby . <3 
Thank goodness I don't have to be to work until 11:30 tomorrow ... just sayin ' . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone ! Celebrating our 6th < PROPFIRST>'s day together , can't believe it's been that long ! Love you Will ! 
FML !!! I just dropped my laptop and cracked the LCD screen :( Does anyone know if it's worth trying to replace on my own ? You can buy replacement screens ..... SO UPSET !!! 
Will says I'm a HAM- hot ass mess ! LOL 
Why am I not the least bit hungry today ? All I've had is coffee and an apple all day . 
My laptop should be up and running tomorrow !! I found a guy on craigslist who's willing to sell me his broken < PROPFEMALE > for real cheap , but the screen is fine :) I've already removed my busted screen , so just gotta do a little switch and I should be good to go ! 
How do I go about deleting almost 30,000 messages from my inbox ?? LOL 
My Dog's nose is a work of < PROPMALE > . I just love it . :O ) 
Went to the Cajun Catfish Co . yesterday ( Pure delicious fried bliss btw ) but burned the heck out of the roof of my mouth on some fried pickles . :( It's all peeling this morning * sad face * 
95 days until graduation ! 
I REALLY don't want to take this test :( 
OMG ... blackboard again ? Really ?? 
finally done with that test . 
Not really feeling this presentation today . :( I just want it over ! 
The sirens have been going off for like 10 minutes and we are under a tornado warning :( The worst of the storm should hit us right at 7:00 pm .. I'm getting a little bit nervous . 
It sounds horrible outside ! Me and Hudson are hanging out in the bathroom .... Just in case ... 
Has anyone done the oncology final yet ? 
Facebook will be closed for maintenance from February 29th to 31st . Facebook wants you to share this message with at least 15 of your friends for the best < PROPMALE > of alerting everyone . Many people will try to login from February 29th to 31st , just to find the site closed down for those days no warning . Help your FB family - REPOST THIS ! 
I start my second to last rotation tomorrow !! Excited but I feel like I'm already done and 2 more months of rotation is going to be tough . :) 
Had my yearly eye exam today ...... I'm still near-sighted and my eye balls are still flat .. LOL 
Please say a prayer for me , I've lost my wedding ring at work and can't find it anywhere :( 
Thanks everyone for the good thoughts .... I FOUND MY RING !!! I am so relieved ! 
U-G-L-Y ! You ain't got no alibi , you're ugly-Yeah Yeah- you're ugly ! 
Methinks it's nap time . 
If you could , please spare a prayer for my dad and < PROPFEMALE > tonight . I don't want to go into details , but please pray for their healing . :( 
The Wonder Years has to be the best show ever made . 
Working on my journal club for tomorrow and struggling !! Can anyone explain to me what a propensity score and hazard ratio are in words I can actually understand ? LOL * tears * 
whatever I feel like I'm gonna do GOSH ! 
Another Friday :( 
Prolonging the inevitable ... sigh :( 
Man ... 5:30 comes early ... YAWN 
To all my pharmacy friends applying for residencies : Good Luck with the Match tomorrow !! <3 
Oh wow ... Elizabeth < PROPFIRST > died this morning :( 
Friday again :( 
I think me and Will finally found a church we both like :) 
Trying to keep the negative thoughts from taking over is getting very difficult . 
Wow just did the \fit test\ " from Insanity and ... WOW I am SPENT ... geez " 
I have done 2 Insanity workouts ( well almost 2 LOL ) and I am SOOOOOOO sore ... I'm hoping this gets a little easier . 
Facebook friends I need a favor ! I need as many people as possible to sign up for NoMoreRack through my link . No purchase necessary and it's free to join ! Please ?? I would greatly appreciate it :) http://www.nomorerack.com/?cr=372028 
Last day with Kaleb Brown :/ but only one more month of rotations !! 
Watching my favorite movie , The Shawshank Redemption :) but it's at the part I have to turn away ... the part where Poor < PROPMALE > gets released from prison . :( 
Working with PJ Bass today ! Yay :) 
Survived 3 days of trauma .... hopefully I can make it through the rest of the month :) 
Yesterday was absolutely hellish ... I'm pretty much planning on not getting off the couch at all today . 
I REALLY wanna see < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > at Ballet Memphis , anyone wanna go ? :) 
Wth would possess someone to travel on a scooter in the fast < PROPFIRST > on the interstate ?? Just driving a scooter on the interstate at all , IMO , is questionable , but then to travel in the fast < PROPFIRST > so everyone and their mama tries to switch < PROPFIRST > s at the same time to get around you ? Just a bad idea . 
I am utterly exhausted and I have a headache . :( Is it May yet ? 
Butt Scratchaaaaaaaa ? 
I am in need of positive thoughts from my family in friends . I am having a rough week . Thanks :) 
I can't get rid of these hiccups :( 
Waiting really sux . That is all . 
Happy Birthday to the best dad in the world . 
Spent too much $$$ at the Agriculture Center flea market !! But I got a really cute watch ... a monogrammed lunch bag and some amazing jewelry cleaner !! LOL .... 
Getting ready to make Turkey brats and sauerkraut for dinner :) 
Really hoping that everything happens for a reason . 
So heartbroken and honestly don't see it getting better anytime soon . Thank God for my friends , family , and amazing husband reminding me that it's going to be ok . 
Apparently today is my EBay anniversary .... 7 years ... Haha I had no idea . 
I'm still smiling . 
Happy Easter everyone !! 
Yay !! Got my computer back and it's good as new ! 
Is it too early for dinner ?? I want some Easter dinner leftovers STAT ! 
Writing a paper and very unhappy about it . :( 
Last presentation EVER for pharmacy school today . wish me luck ! 
Presentation went well , now if I can just make it through the exam and the final evaluation , I will be home free !! 
Am I sub-human if I care absolutely nothing about the < PROPMALE > Wedding ?? LOL ... just wondering . 
Officially DONE with Pharmacy school forever !!! Graduation in less than 1 month :) 
Why is life so unfair ? 
Ever just really NEED a new pair of slingback pumps ? Yep , me too ;) 
Gosh I feel crappy ! Still have 2 hrs 40 < PROPFEMALE > left of work .... not that I'm counting or anything ... 
WOW ... I wonder if Osama Bin laden is really DEAD ?!! 
Can our troops come home now ?? 
Lots of interviews coming up :) Hopefully I will know where I will be working soon . Wish me luck ! 
My blood pressure reading according to the walmart machine was 77/43 ... I think I need to drink more water . 
I have 2 interviews tomorrow ... needless to say I'm looking forward to Thursday ! 
Getting my hair done before graduation and seriously considering going full blonde ! Thoughts ? :) 
Changed my profile pic for Mother's day . I love you mom ! <3 
Both interviews went well !! Now I wait :) 
I think I'll go jogging at < PROPFIRST > Farms ... it's a gorgeous day ! 
Started run with Runmeter at 1:33 PM , on a new route , see http://j.mp/iUtXfr , Runmeter will speak your messages and comments to me . 
Kinda sorta wish I didn't have to work today . Sitting at home taking advantage of netflix sounds soooooo much more appealing . 
