I had a good new years , was awake yet again for it . There isn't really a point to stay up for it , but I'm already awake , so might as well point it out for tradition's sake . 

My dad's plane arrives home tomorrow :D 
I'm getting the 4th wall of my room very soon :D 
I got a new labtop :D The power plug in the back needs to be replaced , but other than that there isn't anything wrong with it . 
One more Final left , so close to vacation I'm almost there ;) 
Finished my finals , now i'm on break ! =D 
Got a new Toshiba laptop :D 
I've had 3 of my 5 classes so far ; Good teachers from my 1st impression . I know several classmates from previous classes/associations and more that I met in the halls or lunchroom . =) 
Power at my house is out . I'm in class atm :) 
Spring Break ! 
Dentist appointment this afternoon & I've been awake since 10 pm last night . Probably fall asleep after , or during , but not before . 
Listening to Mechanical Animals-CD on my Xbox 
//profile pic @ auxillary ' til next new 
Rest In Peace : Doctor < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Roberts - An Inventor of the Computer , An Engineer , Entrepreneur and Medical Doctor . August 23 , 1941 - April 1 , 2010 
Listening to Angelspit on playlist.com 
Listening to Pink < PROPMALE>'s The Wall-CD 
Mah legs feel leik jelly :D 
Still listening to Pink < PROPMALE>'s The Wall-CD 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays ........ attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who responds 
Listening to Rammsteins ' Liebe Ist Für Alle Da-CD via Xbox 
Facebook fumbled the Music section of my profile to include ANYTHING & EVERYTHING that I had clicked on that had to do w/ music . WTF !!! 
Currently listening to : \Kapittel IV\ " by Malmhríð " 
listening to Scream of the Butterfly - Acid Bath 
Rearranging my room , finding lots of stuff =] 
Forgotten in his reich of shadows\ 
Banned forever , one thought\ 
The Lord of evil was given name and place\ 
Of the seventh sea , shelter of the seventh key\ 
Who was betraying us ? I guess you know\ 
There would be more than one name to name 
Rammstein - Liebe Ist Für Alle Da cd-on my xbox 
Got my internet back xD 
There is enough religious freedom in this country without building a site of worship(for any religion ) at a former disaster zone . We don't just let anyone with a deep pocket build statues in the center of town ; why do they need 31 , instead of 30 mosques in New York ? They don't . 
What thing can you learn without knowing and also , know without learning ? 
sine sine cosine sine 3.14159 !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > XMAS !!! \ 
and- Happy Non-Denominational Gift Giving Season !!! 
XMAS Yankee Swap Gift-Getting Strategy : Go for the liquor . Even if you don't want the kind you get(or aren't old enough ) you can swap it for one of the good already opened gifts and that person isn't sore because they got the thermal socks or lawn decoration you didn't want . 
What you don't understand , is that you don't understand :3 :| 
You are what you eat , so you don't want to be a vegetable ? Then eat some meat ! 
