happy new years and stuff like tht lol 

are we dancing or are we dead 
finally added people to face boook :) 
lunch , bills , swim til i have to go to wor at 7 
Off to work text me ! :) \ 
-Mozart 
bed time ? Im such a lame ! 
just made some epic lunch . Whats every one doing tonight ? 
Sitting at dinner with my mom and < PROPFIRST > and a spider falls on my mom hahaha so funny ive never seen her scream and curl in a ball so fast lol 
going swimming :D yay ! Plus my whole fam is over for a cook out ! 
have poisin < PROPFEMALE > again ughhh wtf 
you boys and girls have gotten so good at playing barbies . SCREW UR FAKE WORLD ... I hope it melts :) 
going and applying for day time jobs ! 
i just relised that if you look at a picture of someone if the white in their eyes is bright enofe then u can see the person who took the pic haha crazy yet fun 
sleep ? Nah to much on my mind lol whats everyone else doing ? 
Im not ready to be awake\ 
- Mozart 
i just had to flush my fish i feel so mean yet grossed out and kinda pissed he only lived for a month wtf !! Glad i wasted time and money on him haha :) 
damn rain now my hair is going to look like a poodle ! 
every thing in my life is changing ..... Im still not sure if its a good thing . But its not like i cant go back right ? 
8 am is way way way way to < PROPFEMALE > i cant waitt to come back and nap :) 
lunch/dinner with < PROPFIRST > at bk then off to work yay ? Text me :) 
humans r the only thing alive tht know they r going to die ! Maybe thts why every thing else seems so happy they dont have to worry about what they r going to do with the rest of their lifes there just living in the moment ! I wish i didnt know i had to die 
going to dye my hair today .... All i know is it has to look \normal\ " my hair hasnt been normal in idk how long haha this should be intresting :) " 
cant go to warped wow what a happyness killer :( 
why is it that when we tell our selfs something is a bad idea or tht u cant do it then we test it out ne way and once we fail we think damn should have listened ? It honestly makes no sense 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > all day and played putt putt ! It was pretty epic ! < PROPFIRST > ur a lame ass :) 
i have the acadmy is stuck in my head !! \to let the light shine in to remind me what ive done and where ive been .. \ " esp tht part idk why songs wait til im 3 seconds from being all the way asleep to blar in my mind ! Haha o well swimming tommrow :) " 
Went swimming with < PROPFIRST > all day and got my but kicked in some noodle fights haha .... Now im going to go get food :) 
i wish my computer didnt crash bc burning all these songs off cds back on to my computer then back on to my mp3 is a pain 
every time i listen to metro station i miss 2 summers ago it was epic all day every day ! Cant wait til zilla gets out :) 
im awake < PROPFEMALE > again but so tired bc i had a late night ! This sucks 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > and serria swam and ate subway then sent to mejers walmart and speedway with < PROPFIRST > to sit in the pumkin at the park to eat oreos drink slushies and make fun of kids who scream every time they get pushed on a swing haha epic day :) 
i wish i could hear you thoughts instead of my own im sure there alot more peaceful ...... Im so bored ! 
just got up from a strange dream ... I dont want tht to happen now tht i think about it it was more scarry ahhh 
Layin in bed bored .... Whats every one else doing ? :) 
hanging with < PROPFIRST > til i gotta be at work our bromance is epic ! :) 
mhm cold < PROPMALE > and cheese :) 
it seems like people dont like switching roles if u cant take it then why do u dish it ? 
work is going to be < PROPFEMALE > hot ! 
you forget how good old bands are til u listen to them again then u relise new stuff .... Well sucks 
i remember when i use to party on friday nights now im watching the < PROPFEMALE > light up the cloud shapes im officially lame ! 
just had a very epic night with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Walmart , mejers , random country roads , yellow springs , glen , swimming in the rain and 16 manbearpigs hahaha sweet :) 
yeahh i managed to puke all over my self at fair .... Sweet :D 
Hmmm what to do today ? 
baby sitting : D 
Chores then work ... Yay i get a whole extra hour today 
to every one whos at warped , YOU SUCK & I HATE YOU !!!!!!!!! 
Feel the drums ? get lost in the chorus ? it means thats your alive !!!!! :) 
< PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > today :) work 7-9 then idk 
lost my phone send me a text saying who u r thanks 9375366385 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > moegly lol hes such a rule enforcer lol still a sweet day 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > moegly hes such a rule enforcer lol still a sweet day 
hmmmmmm 
you know you suck at life if youve failed spider solitare level 4 93 times in a row this game is a jerk 
ive been in bed all day i hope i feel better before work . if not tonights going to be lame . 
yay roys about to be here to cure my boredum ......... 3 hrs later hahaha o well =) 
hmmm work tonight then strait to bed when i get home im so sleepy :\\ 
cant wait on my pizza to get here =) 
first time ive been up since 1 pm in a long time .. right after i get done at the doctor im comming home and going back to bed ! i do not enjoy feeeling like a zombie 
i got this amazing shirt from the fairfield mall1 . ) has a sweet picture on it 2 . ) was on sale3 . ) cures AIDS haha yes time to go back to bed when i wake up i will no longer be a zombie .. i hope 
finally awake hmmm whaat to do before work ? prob going to play < PROPFIRST > on the wii . even though hes a jerk and doesnt listen i say attack and he like um get killed . i say no < PROPFIRST > dont get in that lava and he dives in it lol . fustrating i hate playing the same part 90 times lol 
nap time then work =) 
since when does the bad guys on < PROPFIRST > say thug and call each other bruh esp when they r flowers ? hahaha going to work then a party maybe ! 
its 3 am and im super awake .. wish i lived in a better city so that the most amusement i could get was from some otther place then wal mart its fun the first 150 times but after tht its boring lol hmmm what to do ? 
hmmm just going to walk around town with < PROPFIRST > today ..... hmm idk where we will end up 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a huge wussy and is scaredd of grass and bugs . on the plus side i beat him countless time in vodoo doll fighting today at best buy :) phones going to be off for a few :( 
watching the boondock saints for the 1000550 time still amazing 
i enjoy standing in my shower when the water is freezing cold i find it takes things off my mind .. hmm work at 7 . yay ? text me 
my mp3 player is being a jerk today it worked i took a shower tryed to turn it on and it wont go past the main screan grr wtf ? 
anyone in for bowling tonight ? 
i want to draw but im not sure what . give me ideas :) 
my mom is going to her birthday dinner by her self :( wow i feel so bad 
hmmmmm 
yay broke my toe :( hurts so bad ! 
work at 7 then who knows ? 
packing for the weekend trip to hocking hills . should be a fun time ! 
woo hoo getting ready to leave for the hocking hills weekend trip . i cant wait to go back to sleep im so so so tired 
had a good weekend in bfe but i enjoy having cell service and not being attacked by bugs ect . 
ate tooo much taco belll feeling a little pukey it suckkkkkks 
waiting for the cable man . why cant they give you a smaller time frame insteead of 1-5 so u dont have to waste tthe whole day ? 
yay have trhe interweb back :) SEND ME SWEET MUSIC TO CHECK OUT I FEEL LIKE IM VERY OUT DATED :) 
i forgot how hard math was grrrr i hate it ! woo hoo chore time !!!! 
my moms boyfriend just tryed to fix my hair hahahahahaha fail ! 
its been on my mind all day now its going to be there all night keeping me awake grr 
going swimming b4 work cheya <3 
hmm bored 
good night 
i just got attacked by a spider doing yard work now my hand hurts ! stupid spider i hope u had a nice laugh after biting me before i squashed you to your death ! 
i love getting poison < PROPFEMALE > ... again its like the 5 time and its always on my face :/ = ick 
i just got a new cat shes so cute but she wont come out of hiding haha 
today is a good day c : 
< PROPMALE > wolf + time editing photos = hellz yeah :) 
going to bed woohooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo haha 
this weekend should be pretty fun c : 
todays is just a stay in bed day 
excited 4 x fest wooooooooohooo lol 
went to x fest and even though i am burnt like a lobster and my throat feels like ive swallowed razor blades , nothing is ever as fun as feeling the drums in ur chest surrounded by a bunch sweaty people , any ways good day ! c : 
it wont take long for me to tell you who i am you hear my voice well thats pretty much what i am so give me a smile c : -avett brothers 
going to go get food from bk c : then home for some school stuff and chores then off to work wooohoooo lol 
work tonight then hanging with < PROPFEMALE > cheya c : 
watching boy meets world with < PROPFEMALE > cheya we r so cool c : 
yay lynz is bringing me phone wooohoo :) i wont feel naked ne more \ 
hahaha 
o btw am i the only one who feels that mondays still suck ? 
i think now its bed time but im not even sleepy : c 
making breakfast @ 10:35 chyea c : 
sick = ew 
watching dextar eating cookies cheya 
my mother doesn't understand the intensity of robot unicorn attack ! 
home work time woohoooo ... : c 
just got the high score on robot unicorn attack after 20 million times of trying to beat Wyoming ! laha i win ! 
rip < PROPMALE > <3 
getting ready to watch Green Street Hooligans i love this movie ! 
had a good time at land of illusion !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hmmm what to do today ? 
my mother just asked me to turn her blanket down . but shes in her room underit she doesnt want to \wake the cat\ " wtf pshht " 
i need to find some one to go eat Chinese with ! 
i love old my chemical romance ! i wish they where still good : c 
going to work yay !...... 
needs a car ! 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh how do u email some one on cregs list ? 
dear math class , ur a jerk and i hate u ! 
hmm food , best buy target and goodwill with < PROPFIRST > = silly times c : 
getting ready to watch s . darko ahhhhhh i hope its good c : 
going to work 
c : 
i <3 singing super loud 
i cant sleep my whole mind is dancing with things that dont even make sense . 
some times you never know and other times u just have to relise that life goes on c : ps btw they are the eggman i am the walrus coo coo cachoo c : <3 hahahahaha 
it never gets closer you want to start over but never start over 
having thug rapping time c : 
yeeah going to work looking like im from the 80s .. hahaha 
yay h . ween 
i think i just had the best day ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! went on a road trip , went to yellow springs , colored with side walk chalk and had a tea party while listening to the Beatles . 
for the last few days ive been in such a happy mood i hope it doesnt stop . 
i want to know why we as humans tell our selfs not to do something but we do it any way to turn around and say i told u so dumb ass ! 
going to go look at a super cute apartment tommrow xp !! and i got a call from < PROPMALE > evens wanting to know if im still looking for work + weezy gets out today and Demetri is in town ? today is sweet 
taking a bath while u drink < PROPMALE > hortons is pretty epic stuff . i hope i feel better i have stuff to do tommrow ! 
interview tommrow xp !!! 
this is the death of beauty 
i love owl city even though he went main stream 
am i the person who still listens to smashing pumpkins ? 
correction : am i THE ONLY person who still listens to smashing pumpkins ? 
just killed in some monopoly c : 
beatles time b4 work = heck yes . off at 9 then to bffs house 
o btw hate on my amazing stash c : 
i hate rain ! im ready for the snow ! c : 
765 days left til the zombies attack 
i wish i could go see < PROPMALE > potter 
tommrow i find out if we get the apartment in yellow springs xp 
cannt wait for black Friday shopping 
haste the day is breaking up .. ugh wtf what a music boner killer ! : c work today .. and such 
my life would be complete and simple if i could find my damn i pod >:/ 
AMATEUR SURGEON 2 is beast lol and yep im gay i know 
< PROPMALE > potter 7 then possibly bff time c : 
had a good day1 went to see hp ate faaaaazolis drove with gma shopping and movies with epic drinks with the bffs anf come home to a house to my self c : heck yes 
o and it snowed <3 
guesss who go a apartment in ys ?? i did c ::: !!!!!!!!!!!! 
lol has ne one ever watched dorm life ? 
345453454554535 wtf is up with the < PROPFIRST > ? 
i feel like the african space christ today c : thought id share 
fuck my life i hate the news i just got 
ny uncle comes home today ! good i havent had a punching bag since his last visit haha c : 
it deff doesnt fell like xmas is in a week ! yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy sleep 
bed ! hanging out with < PROPFIRST > tommrow ! 
had a sweet day with my bff < PROPFIRST > made a sick gangster snow man $clad`day c : 
hmmmmmmmmmmm nothing to do . cellular device is being a jerk stupid charger thing is messed up 
hmmmmmmmmm football game 
nothing to do so iguess umm bed time\ 
? 
today will be intresting 
this police thing is nuts . ihave never seen so many cops in 1 place ever . they are from every where . needless to we are stuck in the house for a while 
going to see my kitten mittens ...... then work 
haha good night last night 
bed ................. um yes 
just got done watching the science of sleep . prob one of the strangest movies ive ever seen . but i like it 
new face book = lame o and i love this snow c : 
i think today is a uber lazy day 
done with school c : 
i wish i could stop thinking about pointless stuff tht angers me 
and i have decied im a hxc geo wars addict 
just got done watching juno c : possibly bed 
im sick of waking up cuz of this stupid foot burn >:\\ 
i want to paint 
just got done watching iron man . time for bed c : 
i wish i wasnt up at 8am on a sunday . 
i hate being a cripple foot ! lol 
had a good dinner with mom today . and i got to paint c : = a nice day 
had a pretty nice weekend c : 
watching blue mountain state ive watched almost the whole first season in 1 day woohoo 4 being lazy haha 
never a bad time for < PROPMALE > and cheese 
yay more snow c : 
making cds and then going home to play video games cuz im cool like tht c : 
watching skins strange show 
i think puppies are worse then babys in the am hours ! 
today is a metal day c : 
ooooh the x games <3 
think think think think think think think think brain shut up ! 
just got done watcching some x games now im going to watch the girl who kicked the hornets nest . grr u < PROPFIRST > white u and < PROPMALE > better kick ass sunday ! 
thanks every one for the bday wishes ! had a amazing bday time to watch x games c : 
white and < PROPMALE > just did amazing c : heck yeah amazing im so stoked c : 
got killedin cod and monopoly today time for bed c : 
i just got home and a ugly shower curtin was hanging in my bathroom blek ! 
< PROPFIRST > is making me watch crank yankers hahaha wtf 
tommrow is going to be sweet 
fun night last night ! 
im ready for a nap ! 
workith woohoo ......... 
excited c : 
sweet fish for dinner ? i think um yes 
you tube time , <3 
watching all the invader zim episodes c : 
bed 
not really sure how i feel today 
Thinking Wayy To Much 
painting all day c : 
.......... hmmm idk what to think or what to do work at 6:30 
i think im going 2 sit in my bath tub and paint c : 
i think i had a pretty good sat . it was very chill c : coffee , work , made a amazing dinner , painted in the bath tub 4 ever , some texting , and watched paranormal activity 2 with my roomie now possibly time 4 bed . 
excited about tommrow not excited about the 8 am wake up : c 
today so far has been good c : 
i know tht every 1 is super stoked about < PROPFIRST > bieber getting shot but sadly hes still going to be making his horrible music : c 
Bed 
nothing 
the rain killed my yellow spring adventure : c o well grandmas house tonight and drivers test in the am c : 
i think this weather is going to kill my plans 2 days in a row : c but on the bright side i got hired at lowes c : 
cant sleep : c 
669 days til the zombies attack . psbtw wind chimes suck when there out side of ur window at 2 am and u just wanna sleep but the wind just wants to blow .... ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding .. just saying 
cell is broken :/ needless to say im droping off the planet for a week or 2 . 
nap time i feel crappy : c 
feeling better 
working at lowes tommrow c : sad i have to leave o conners ive been there 4 ever ! 
Angry that my new smart phone is smarter then me lol 
Yay got my cello stuff b working text me with your name so I can add you to my contacts again 
Hates when people update me about how great jesus is on face book 
Clumsy today 
I never have ne idea what's going on 
Off to the wall mart 
Bed <3 
Busted my lip with a roll of duck tape yeah I'm sweet 
Today 
Bed possibly hanging with beethoven tomorrow and junk like that 
Making brownies yum 
Watching adventure time then going to bed ... yeah I'm cool like that 
Can't sleep 
Bed then some work in the am woohooo get some lol ! 
Wake up ! lol 
< PROPMALE > marley , \ 
Thank you\ 
<3 mozart 
Off to work then home to go back to bed yay sunday 
Today is a club house day 
Crime stoper 
Off work 
Bball day ! 
Whats on your mind ? .... way to much for 1:50 am 
season 2 of my life as < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Wasn't really prepaired for a goast attack but guess what it happend 
Had a sweet saint patyys day 
It make more sense if your swype language is in english 
Just had a good girls game night 3 hrs til work time to power nap c : 
Woo awake for work ...... ugh 
I smell like cow poop and I have a wiked sun burn ... nice 
Im not ready wake up 
Cut my finger working a 12 hour day .... O yesh guess who loves sunday ..... not this lady c , 
Going to the store woo hoo 
Fun night last night . working on making today another sweet day 
Watching \Teen Mom 2\ " on mtv.com Join me in chat : http://soc.li/4qNoY9Z " 
im so cool i watch j . shore 
Good night with family and roomies 
Had a good ladys night 
Organization sucks takes to long 
I was wearing shorts yesterday and now its snowy¿ 
1of the people I live with is getting his ass shaved by the other 1 no homo ? 
Excited about tommrow 
Shower clean room work fun night = my day today 
Pretty . sure I saved a life just saying 
Nappy mc nap nap please 
Opening tommrow I can't wait to be at work at 7 am lol c : 
Woo hoooo time to get my work on c : 
Energy . drinks make me pee more then usally do = bad plan 
