is getting ready to DJ tonight at Funhouse ! 

is looking for anyone interested in buying a home ! 
Tomorrow I get to find out if I can drive any time soon ! Whoopee !! 
I can drive ! I'm just not sure if I want to . 
Been sifting through my old record collection . I've found a bunch of old gems . I can't wait to transfer them to MP3 . 
Happy New Year to everyone ! 
Getting ready to head up to Montreal for ((())) 
Why does everyone think this stupid election in Massachussetts is a referendum on Obama , and spells trouble for Obama . Ooooh . Obama's not as good as we all expected , but his lack of true leadership isn't the biggest problem facing us . Its those assholes in Congress that need to grow a pair . 
When will democrats and liberals realize that they must stand up and demand action . Our government won't do anything for us if we don't demand it from them . 
I'm really excited for Lost tonight . 
I was accepted into UC < PROPMALE > grad school !! Woo hoo ! 
I got accepted to Indiana University grad school !! Now I have to decide where to go . Crap ! 
Went on an extreme ropes course today near Lake < PROPFIRST > . It was awesome ! 
Supposed to go boating out on Lake < PROPFIRST > today . Hopefully the weather holds up ! 
There's nothing to do in Bolton Landing , NY at night ! 
I have spent more time on facebook tonight then the last three months combined !! Just goes to show how bored I am right now ! 
Went to Great Escape with all of the nieces and nephews . I don't remember it being so bad ! 
We received a check from the insurance company yesterday for the tree that fell on our deck !! Woo hoo ! 
I finally made the decision to enroll at UC < PROPMALE > instead of Indiana U . I am so happy !! 
Just got my new droid x ! Its awesome except I can't hear the ringer . 
Facebook for android sucks except that you can use swype !! 
I am sitting at half lounge enjoying a cocktail after getting a lotof work done at home this weekend ! 
Welcome to the Funhouse ! 
Out at Funhouse . Where is everyone ? Montreal ? 
Swype is the coolest thing since sliced bread 
Up at < PROPMALE > Pond on a gorgeous day for a hike ! 
Trying Sky Burger for the first time 
To my dear friend < PROPFEMALE > Nawaz , you were a beacon of light within a world of darkness . My heart goes out to your family . May your soul find peace ! 
Tragedy can be a blessing when it reminds us to live consciously and < PROPFEMALE > each moment as if it were our last . 
I think I might have an offer on my house !!! 
I learned an important life lesson today . Never fall asleep while boiling eggs unless you want exploded egg all over your kitchen . 
I saw the most amazing sky tonight . Two shooting stars , the Milky Way , Jupiter and every single constellation . Amazing !! 
Going to my sister's Yoga Dance event tonight . I've never done it before and have no idea what to expect , but I'm wicked excited ! 
It's official !! We just signed the contract to sell our house !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting ready for Funhouse tonight ! Everyone come down and wish DJ QDO a very happy birthday ! 
<-- was prequalified for a mortgage today !! Looking at condos in the Burlington area . Anyone know of anything in the low 100's ? 
Preparing an offer for a condo in Burlington . Will be submitting it to the seller tomorrow !! :) 
My offer on a condo in Burlington was accepted !!!!! :) 
Downtown burlington is an effing ghost town tonight . Somebody better get down to the Half and keep me company !! 
Thank you to everyone who sponsored me for Outright Vermont's Firetruck Pull this afternoon . The event was amazing and they raised over $20k in total ! The Champlain College Beavers also came in second for fastest time behind the all male , all young and virile UVM Greek Life team . I am proud to have anchored our teams effort !! Thanks again ! 
I've lost 6 lbs in the last two weeks !! 
So it's gonna be one of those nights !! 
Follow the money .... 
The next congress needs to first pass a resolution committing to an agenda or else it will be six more years of chaos . 
Getting a mortgage is probably the most annoying bullshit process !! If I had hair I would have pulled all of it out by now ! 
God damn underwriters taking their sweet ass time !!! 
I got approved !!! Yay !! My < PROPFEMALE > went through ! 
Packing like a mad men and still unsure if I can close on Friday . This sucks !!! 
In a little over 5 hours I will be officially homeless !! 4:44 AM and I am finally going to sleep for less than 2 hours so I can finish cleaning . Woo hoo ! 
I am officially homeless ! My closing went pretty smoothly this morning . I am hoping to close on my condo next Friday ! 
my computer keeps beeping at me for no good reason ! 
Why do I end up with the underwriter from hell ?!!!! 
What a nightmare this mortgage process has been . Now my mortgage broker won't return my calls !!!! F*ck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I got cleared to close for tomorrow morning at 10AM !!! Thank Aquabuddha !! 
I am the proud new owner of a condo in Burlington !! This morning was the fastest and smoothest closing I have ever seen ! 
Gave an awesome webinar presentation this morning for school with my equally awesome partner in crime < PROPFIRST > !! 
Spent my first night in my new condo . Now I've got to go find some internet access to watch a webinar for school ! 
Cooking my first dinner in my new place ... Aloo Gobi curry !! Yum ! 
<-- Considering moving to a different real estate brokerage . Had a good meeting today with Keller < PROPMALE > . 
I appreciate the requests to commit to voting . And I fully intend on doing so . But why the fuck is it too late to register in Burlington ? Now I've got to drive a half hour back to Swanton on Tuesday to freakin ' vote !! The price of democracy !! 
I'm really excited about GIRLS , GIRLS , GIRLS tonight at Half Lounge . And super excited for Funhouse Presents : MONSTER & Funhouse Presents : Highway to Hell this weekend ! I've got my costumes all set ! 
Yay , I found my socks !! I thought they were in a box but it turns out they were in a suitcase ! 
Happy Samhain !! 
I had an amazing time last at Funhouse Presents : Monster . I hope everyone will come out and celebrate the true meaning of Halloween ... respect and honor the dead and the lost souls . A true reminder of how precious life is to all of those that need to be reminded of that . I hope to see you all tonight at Halflounge Speakeasy for Funhouse Presents : Highway to Hell !! 
I cooked two large meals tonight . Packing this week's lunches and dinners like a good boy ! Yummy vegetarian rogan < PROPMALE > and red beans and vegetables in a tomato stock . Mix them up with some brown basmati rice and I'm good to go ! 
Looks like Shumlin is smoking a big fat Dubie tonight ! 
Excited to go to Montreal this weekend for < PROPMALE > Tenaglia ! 
Getting to bed soon so I can head up to Stereo in Montreal at 5am !! 
Heigh Ho , Heigh Ho , It's off to Stereo I go ! 
My 16 year-old diabetic and arthritic cat Coco is scheduled to be put down on Friday morning . I'm starting to doubt my decision . This is the worst decision I've ever had to make . 
Please post this as your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been burninated by Trogdor . Trogdor is nearly unstoppable and , if you didn't know , he can burninate . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been burninated by Trogdor . 6% of people are sitting in their thatched-roof cottages armed with FunBows™ & the remaining 1% are awesome and willrepost this 
I'm really excited for Funhouse tonight ! I'm sorry I will miss most of < PROPMALE>'s party , but I hope people feel free to bounce back and forth ! We're going to have a lot of fun ! 
I got an A in my first grad school course ! I'm so grateful for the break . I still have lots of work to do , but at least the pressure is off for a while ! 
Walk me out in the morning dew my < PROPFEMALE > 
I am officially on vacation until January 4th !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas to all the goyim of the world ! 
I'm fucked up and feeling good 
I've got one room almost totally prepped for painting and another room looks like a vortex opened in the center of the room pulling everything toward it ! :-) 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
Getting my music ready for Funhouse tonight ! I'm very excited to be spinning with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Repstad !!! 
facebook is acting like a spoiled brat again !! 
Why is it that the company that loaned me the money to buy my new condo sends me mail to my old address ? 
Can anyone recommend a good gay friendly doctor or naturopath in the Burlington area ? 
Playing with my new Traktor S4 !! :) 
I'm super excited to play with my new Traktor S4 tonight at Funhouse !! It ain't supposed to snow tonight so I hope to see everyone out tonight , wink wink , nudge nudge !! 
We're giving away 2 tickets to Winter is a Drag Ball XVI tonight at Funhouse . Come down for your < PROPMALE > to win , and stay and < PROPFEMALE > while we play some bangin ' house from my new Traktor S4 !! 
Not to toot my own horn , but I'm now a two-time winner of the Drag Ball ! 2000 & 2011 ! 
I'm exhausted from the Drag Ball , but already excited for next Saturday's FUSION PRESENTS STOP LIGHT PARTY . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I will be preparing an exciting array of music for the night . Let us know if you have any specific requests ! 
I feel like I just got hit by a brick wall ! 
Getting my music ready for FUSION PRESENTS STOP LIGHT PARTY tonight at Higher Ground ! 
still sick :( what the hell do i have ? for the last two days i've had a sore throat , very achy especially in the morning , cold chills , right now i have a fever of 99.9 . no white spots on my throat , but saturday night i had swollen glands . anyone have any idea ? is it worth it for me to get a strep test ( given that i'm flying tomorrow) ? 
Waiting in Newark airport bored off my ass !!! Only an hour and a half to go ! 
Living for the Florida sun at Lake Worth beach ! 
Just landed in Burlington . Pretty scary flight . 4:20 time ! :) 
Anyone going to < PROPFIRST>'s Town Hall in Montpelier on Saturday ? 
Be like the lotus < PROPFEMALE > . It sits in water but does not get wet . 
I saved the government over $140B . How much can you save ? http://bit.ly/e8AEB4 
THERE IS SPAM GOING AROUND . Be careful , don't click anything that starts out : Hey , What the hell are you doing in this video ? Is this dancing or what ?? lol 
Just bought my ticket for ((( Morales ))) 
Facebook has taken away our ability to invite an entire friends list to an event . Now we have to click on every person we want to invite . I typically invite 300 people a week to Funhouse , sometimes twice a week . This fucking sucks !!! Isn't it time for something new ? 
Listening to progressive , goa and tech trance to get ready for Zen ! 
I'm so excited for tonight ! I pick up my puppies at 7 and then get to listen to some trance with Aqua & < PROPFEMALE > to prepare for Zen ! 
