It will be a fun night after all . 

Had a great night . What a way to end last year and bring in a new one . Welcome to 2011 everyone 
You know we superstars 
2010 was filled with some of the best and worst times . 2011 is full of endless possibility . I'm lookin forward to what happens within the next year and where I'll be . 
If I were you people I would get off facebook and get as drunk as possible . Good thing I'm not you 
Lookin forward to movie night tomorrow . 
Feels like dancin . 
Cereal 
I'm all over that ice cream like sprinkles 
games ? i dont think so ! 
Its been a while since I've worked out 
Playing football yesterday and someone told me I should join the army and just throw the missiles 
What a day dude . I could get used to weather like that 
73 degrees ! That's ok with me . 
I'll work you out like a bowflex haha 
Its funny When guys think its ok to hit females . Stupid fucker got what he deserved ! 
Spent some time at the lake , chilled with the friends , had a water fight , ate barbecued ribs for dinner and now I'm just chillin . What a day ! 
3 days straight floating the lochsa . I can dig that ! 
Best weekend ever . 
I wish I was still camping . 
Haha I love when someone parks their old beater at the end of a shooting range . That means I get to shoot it ! 
I see another lakers championship in the near future . 
People suck at drivin in this town ! 
Well that was quite the fuckin escapade in the county jail . 
I just watched this dude on tv throw up a life saver and shoot a . 22 bullet through the middle of it without touching it . 
I'm gonna attempt to water ski for the first time tomorrow . This should be interesting ! 
Come on lakers ! 
LAKERS ARE TEARIN THE FLOOR UP TONIGHT !! 
Game 7 in L.A !! 
Got a job at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > roofing . Hell yeah its about time 
Why would they cancel the monster truck races due to rain when they water the track before hand anyways !? 
GAME 7 !!! LETS DO THIS ! LAKERS ALL THE WAY ! 
FOR ALL YOU LAKERS HATERS OUT THERE !!! EAT THAT SHIT !!! 
Its hailing like a mother fucker 
Tornadoes in montana !? What's next ? 
Gotta wait till tomorrow to start work . Damn rain 
First day on the job 
First day at work = success 
Waking up at 5:30 every morning will take some gettin used to . 
Damn . Hauling 80 pound bundles of shingles up a ladder all day gets rough . Good money though hellz yeah ! 
Off to work 
No work permit ? What are ya talkin about ? I'm talkin about you gotta stop workin and get off the roof ! \ 
Wtf bossman ? 
Won the fast pitch competition at the osprey game . Got it up to 82mph ! 
Wakeboarding was fun as hell !! 
Good day to go to beavertail 
So I just got a random check from the university . That's kick ass 
Gonna see if I can win some more tickets tonight . Somebody come and hook it up with some competition 
I need some competition people . The closest person was 6mph slower . Come on , somebody can throw a baseball . 
I like how I can be outside at 6am with only a t-shirt on and still be comfortable 
That was one hell of a storm last night . Lightning is awesome 
I was just mistaken for a black guy . Is that good or is that bad ? 
Cut my finger to the bone at work yesterday .... Dumbass 
Anybody wanna go to silverwood next weekend ? 
Folfin anyone ? 
Thank you MCDC ! It definitely changed the person I am 
Sometimes it's the little things in life that mean the most . Learn to appreciate them . 
Lifes problems wouldn't be called obstacles if there wasn't a way to get around them 
Can't wait to get my tat . Its gonna be sick 
Gonna be training with the dogpound starting soon . Its gonna be great 
If you have made mistakes , even serious ones , there is always another < PROPMALE > for you . What we call failure is not the falling down but the staying down . 
A positive attitude really can make dreams come true 
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little < PROPMALE > you have in trying to change others . 
Take the first step in faith . You don't have to see the whole staircase , just take the first step . 
Be what you are . This is the first step toward becoming better than you are . 
Thoughts lead on to purposes ; purposes go forth in action ; actions form habits ; habits decide character ; and character fixes our < PROPFEMALE > . 
People spend a lifetime searching for happiness ; looking for peace . They < PROPMALE > idle dreams , addictions , religions , even other people , hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them . The irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within . 
We're worn into grooves by Time by our habits . In the end , these grooves are going to show whether we've been second rate or champions , each in his way in dispatching the affairs of every day . By choosing our habits , we determine the grooves into which Time will wear us ; and these are grooves that enrich our lives and make for ease of mind , peace , happiness , and achievement . 
Its not about getting what you want , its about wanting what you already have . 
Power is the faculty or capacity to act , the strength and potency to accomplish something . It is the vital energy to make choices and decisions . It also includes the capacity to overcome deeply embedded habits and to cultivate higher , more effective ones . 
The new tat is bad ass ! Money well spent . 
Anyone goin to the game this weekend ? 
Believe more deeply . Hold your face up to the light , even though for the moment you do not see . 
I need a ticket to the griz game . Anyone got one , or two they could sell ? 
All I want , Is a little of the good life . All I need , is to have a good time . 
This is montana ! Let's play some football !!! 
Starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage , I'm standing up , imma face my demons , I'm manning up , imma hold my ground , time to put my life back together right now 
why does it ask me \what's on your mind\ " ? do you really want to know what's on my mind ? " 
anybody know who is hiring ? 
it was my decision to get clean , i did it for me 
If u think life is hard , what are u comparing it to ? \ 
Why be afraid of something u want ? \ 
If u don't think hightly of yourself , who will ? \ 
Do u treat love as a verb or a noun ? \ 
Are u making new mistakes or the same old ones ? \ 
Nothing is too good to be true . \ 
WHAT WOULD YOU ATTEMPT IF YOU KNEW YOU COULDNT FAIL ? \ 
In order to find urself , are u willing to lose urself ? \ 
What do u pack to pursue a dream & what do ya leave behind ? 
Boise State is gonna beat VA Tech 
There is only one admirable form of the imagination : the imagination that is so intense that it creates a new reality , that it makes things happen . 
i wish fb would let us customize our profile 
The greatest crime in the world is\ 
not developing your potential . \ 
When you do your best , \ 
you are helping others . 
What you need to be thankful for is the life you do got ! 
We obviously live in montana when we got bears hangin out downtown ! 
VIKINGS !!! 
i love football season ! so much hostility on fb . 
we all have different opinions on NFL teams , but for most of us we can all agree on one thing : GO GRIZ !!!!! 
Everyday is a gift , and not a given right ! 
fb is gettin crazy these days ! 
At least this won't be another blowout game . 
FUMBLE !!! 
BULLSHIT ! 
the colts suck , the broncos suck , the raiders suck , and judging by losses in week 1 the vikings arent doing so well either . damn , shitty day(s ) of football ! 
Cowboys lose !!!! 
Ok griz fans . We need to vote < PROPMALE > mascot of the year . Text < PROPMALE > to 69866 
the life i lead now isn't always easy at the moment , but i have my ways of making the moment easier 
I hope everyone thinks about the future when you take action at the moment , and realize what the right thing to do is . 
Be what you are . This is the first step toward becoming better than you are 
Get up , stand up , stand up for your right . Get up , stand up , don't give up the fight . Get up , stand up . Life is your right , don't give up the fight 
Where's the best place to get free mp3's ? 
that red field is f'n ridiculous !!!!!!! 
Can we get a mulligan ? 
Pause- restart game ! Are you sure you want to restart ? All unsaved progress will be lost . Fuck yes I want to restart ! 
WHAT THE F*CK WAS THAT GRIZZLIES ???????? 
Griz nation is irate ! 
MNF ! That's a hell of a game ! 
The more difficulties one has to encounter , within and without , the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be 
I'm on the fight card for this friday night at the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Can't wait for friday night 
Has weigh-ins tonight at 7 , and I get to see the guy I'll be fighting . 
I hope to see you all at the fights tonight 
The DUI task force is gonna be out all weekend . Be careful . If anyone needs a sober driver feel free to call me . 
At least I got my ass beat by somebody that knows what they're doing . 
Bein the only sober one at a bar is kinda strange . Not gonna lie 
73 days without alcohol or any mood altering chemicals . 
The only part of my past I miss is having someone to stay up till 2:30 am and talk to about random real life things . And waking up each day and having something to look forward to . 
Where can I get a damn griz poster ? 
Is gonna slowly quit smoking cigarettes ! 
My room is so gangsta , snoop dogg would kick it ! 
The griz are most likely going to be in the same conference as boise state within the next couple of years . 
Ooh la latte ! 
Training tonight ! I hardly have time to relax these days . I'm thankful for things goin my way finally . 
Just had some dude tell me if I pick out the most expensive nike suit from champ sports he'll but it for me . Kinda strange ! 
My whole body is sore ! 
Has 2 cracked ribs and its pissin me off ! 
FUCK PEOPLE !!! 
80 days ! 
LETS GO GRIZ !! 
The griz are lookin good with roper as a starter ! 
Any students from the U willin to get me 3 tickets to next weekends game ? 
Shit man ! My ribs are killin me . If I was anything like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > I'd get them removed ! 
Swimming is one hell of a workout . Gonna start doin it more often . 
Lovin my tattoo . I'm glad I waited to get it , it was well worth it and its got more meaning now . 
For those of you that doubted me ... This is what you get . I live my life for me , not you . There's not many things that could make me happier than I am now . 
1.5 < PROPMALE > in 10m37s . Gotta start somewhere . 
It isn't the number of birthdays , but the amount of lifes experiences that determines maturity . 
A positive attitude really can make dreams come true . 
Pain is weakness !! 
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible 
I'm right where I need to be . I have happiness and I'm working toward success . Feels good ! 
You must endure pain to realize when you truly got it good . 
Don't think I'm gonna run tonight . 
I've gained 6 pounds in the past week ? Where the hell is it goin ? 
Listening to ACDC and doin some workout . Ballin ! 
Life is like a game of cards . The hand that is dealt you represents determinism ; the way you play it is free will . 
Give me the strength to continue in this life of sobriety despite lifes daily stressors , give me the guidance and courage that will allow me to make this life successful . Amen . 
Glad today is almost over ! F*ck authority ! 
Chocolate protein shake ! Bomb ! 
I was just told I have man boobs ! 
People amaze me ! 
The vikings are gonna beat some ass !! 
Today is already better than yesterday ! 
Anyone wanna go swimming ? If you've never been to the ymca its free . 
1 mile . 6m22s . 
Your drink consists of calories and alcohol . My drink consists of protein and carbohydrates . 
Everyone be safe tonight . If you need a sober driver feel free to call me . 
Thanks to everyone for the great night ! 
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly ! 
Remind me not to run right after I eat ! 
Thanks to all my true friends that have stayed close to me through this . To everyone else ; that's your loss ! 
Well after all I got 3.5 < PROPMALE > in today . 
I never thought I'd be able to say this but , I've been drug and alcohol free for 90 days ! 
10/10/10 
Have any cd's been released lately that are worth buying ? 
I was just informed that I od'd myself on codeine cough syrup when I was 2 years old . 
Has stopped drinking caffeine 
Anyone wanna buy a blackberry ? 
Does anyone want a blackberry through alltel ? 
Finally at 150 . Now my ribs need to heal so i can get back to training 
Had a great weekend ! 
People watchin 
Since when do they play gangstas paradise at red < PROPFIRST > ? 
Got a new phone today . Finally something more my style ! 
I haven't sat down and actually wrote someone a letter since I was in butte . Its relieving to be able to get all thoughts and feelings out without being interrupted or side tracked 
100 days today ! Give me the guidance , control , and courage to make it another hundred days . 
Can't wait for the weekend . Its gonna be a blast ! 
It is impossible to smoke oneself to death using marijuana . You will not be able to retain motor control and consciousness to do so after such a large amount . 
YANKEES SUCK !!! 
Gonna get me some football action today ! 
Why do people gotta make things so damn difficult !? 
I think its sweet how my eyes change color ! 
HA < PROPMALE > BLOWS !!! 
LETS GO VIKINGS !! Getcha some of that cheeeeeesssseeee 
Haha just seen a commercial where the gingerbread man off shrek shit sprinkles when he seen somebody in their halloween costume ! 
Its gettin close to boardin season ! Can't wait to tear it up ! \ 
http://rwis.mdt.mt.gov/scanweb/losttrail.shtml 
the three truths of the day ; its the 3rd day of hunting season , halloween is 6 days away , and the cowboys suck ! 
I once was a kid , all I had was a dream . 
Might be goin to work as a logger soon ! 
I blame nobody but myself for mistakes that I have made . 
This should be interesting . I guess we'll see how it goes . 
GUCCI ! 
Is there any < PROPFIRST > sales people out there ? I got you an appointment right here , come clean my house and get paid for it . Yeah , get at me ! 
Great ! That's the 3rd job I've had to turn down because of fuckin turning point . They can shove it up their ass ! 
Wants to be < PROPFIRST > for halloween . 
Playin wii is more fun than partyin anyways . 
So the griz are looking for a head coach that can start immediately . I think they shoulda started their search earlier , but its about time ! 
I haven't felt this way for a long time . Its about time though . 
I feel bad for you cowboys fans . 
Vikings are gonna beat the patriots ! 
Tickets for the super bowl this year start at $1968.00 , and go up to $ 354,619 . 00 . 
Is ready for this day to be done ! 
My life isn't perfect but it doesn't suck as much as yours ! 
I like good morning texts . Think I'm gonna vote today and vote for NO SHERIFF !! F**k tha police ! 
Don't ask me for money to buy beer !! not happenin ! 
I hear songs all the time that take me back to the summer of ' 06 , some of the most fun times of my life happened in that 3 month period of time . 
Thank god for females ! My room smells like black < PROPFEMALE > . 
Damn dude !!! Fb has turned in to something like the gossip/drama/bullshit portion of opera ! Why people ? Don't you have anything better to do !? 
Weezy is free today ! 
Put this on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from being a Montana State Fan . Being a Montana State Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for MSF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 
Applebee's has the best hot wings in town !! 
Ugh I can't even sleep past 8:30 anymore . 
It needs to snow ! I need to snowboard ! 
How do you stop a cat fan from masturbating ? Tattoo a grizzly on his d*ck and he won't beat it for 17 years . 
I wish I could see my little sister . 
Work would have been fun today if I wasn't stuck working with a f*ckin idiot !! 
Sorry cowboys fans ! Here comes another loss . 
It must suck to be a cowboys fan !!! 
http://rwis.mdt.mt.gov/scanweb/losttrail.shtml 
Its not a good idea to cook bacon without a shirt on . 
I like how my phone tells me the good 4 letter words aren't words . Lol 
I'm not diggin this dark at 6 BS !!! 
Dude my dog straight mows ice cubes ! 
Might get a siberian husky . 
Back in the old neck of the woods . 
Some people just never change . I'm all about giving you a second < PROPMALE > , but if you just do the same thing then its done ! 
Wants to go hunting tomorrow . Anybody want to take me ? 
Sweet I got my bday wishes sent out . You two be safe and have fun . 
People look at me funny when I walk around laughin cause I'm listening to blue collar comedy . Only if they could hear what I'm hearin . Lol 
BREAKING NEWS :\ 
Practice at Invesco Field was delayed after a Broncos player found an unknown white powdery substance on the ground . Practice was suspended while police were called in . \ 
After analysis , experts determined that the white substance , unfamiliar to most players was , in fact , the goal line . Practice will resume this afternoon after they decided the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again . 
Wishes he didn't have to wake up at 5am . 
People fightin , guns gettin shot and cops . Not what I see as much fun . I'm just glad nobody went to jail . 
What's up with the longhorns this year ?? This is a problem !! 
Oh let it snow , let it snow . I wish I as in the mountains . 
Its 7:20 am and I've already covered everything in my horoscope without knowing . Except for the tonight part of it of course . 
We can't feed the poor but we can fund a war ?? 
I wish the temperature would drop so this would be snow ! 
You're so white you make snow look dirty ! 
Life is 10% what heppens and 90% your attitude about what happens . 
I MADE A SNOWBALL ON MY DECK !!! 
Found out I will die in 2071 when I'm 81 . I will outlive someone my age by 5 years , I have the health of a 15 year old . And I've lived 25% of my life ! Kinda cool 
My phone is dumb ! I can't receive text messages and it completely deleted the system itself . I don't even have the icon anymore . 
Does anybody have a computer that I could come use for about 30 mins ? 
My phone is finally functioning correctly ! 
Well favre couldn't dig deep and get a win so I figured I'd do some diggin and make some chocolate chip cookies . Yeah < PROPMALE > ! 
Thank god my cookies turned out better than the griz game ! I didn't have any turnovers . 
Lovin this weather ! 
This is my favorite time of year . We got freezers full of wild game , bomb ass food , some family action goin down , snow is falling gently , and christmas next month . I like gettin people cool stuff . 
5+ inches of snow at my house and its still dumpin ! I love it ! Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow . At least we'll have a white christmas this year ! 
Yep , it snowed fasho . About 8 inches at my place . For those of you that don't like it , montana is not the place for you . 
Gots me a new board today ! Bring on the snow !! 
I need to wax my board . Anybody got an iron they don't use or want anymore ? 
Can't sleep so I'm gonna stay up and watch comedy movies . 
With all the drama people write on here we might as well be reading applications to the maury show or some weird shit ! 
We got a sexy ass new truck today ! Straight ballin around here 
\She's got a gentle way that puts me at ease \"." 
Leave me alone mafuckas I'm tryin to sleep !! 
Down at 2 ; up at 6 . I'm hittin the hills today . 
This business of chasing elk for 3 hours straight in thigh deep snow is makin me rethink my nicotine habit ... 
The last best place huh ?? More like , the last place a human isn't the smartest mammal . 
Mommy why can't I button my pants ? They worked earlier today ! 
My prayers go out to you cowboys fans . I just don't know how you do it . It must be hard 
To all the people I'm wakin up at 5am to go shoppin for . You better love me ! 
I can't believe I'm doin this . I only get up this early to go hunting ... Shopping ?? 
Don't think I could make it through this adventure without my best friend starbucks . 
If I ever start a porta potty business I'm gonna call it \johnny on the spot\ " . Lol " 
Yeeeeaaaahhhh boiiiiii ! Both my boards are waxed and ready to go . Who's down to go shred ? 
I want a siberian husky pup for christmas . < PROPFEMALE > , don't drop him down the chimney ( might hurt the lil guy ) and don't wrap him too tight ( might suffocate him ) . Just open my door and let him in ! 
Something is gonna die today . I just hope its not me . 
Well the good news is , I'm on top o the world so I couldn't go up anymore if I wanted to , which is ok . Bad news , I walked through hella snow to get here and there's no fresh elk sign ... Yet 
Longest hunt ever by far . The GPS says 22.8 < PROPMALE > but my legs say 22,000 . Oh yeah my hips feel about 200 years old like they should be in a museum . 
What's your favorite flavor sobe ? Mine is black and blue < PROPFIRST > brew , cause that's the only kind of brew I drink these days ! 
\I'll give you my snuggie for it\ " . Haha " 
Some of the conversations I have with you people make my day . Thanks , I love you all !! 
Here we go again . I've seen elk every time I've been out this year , now I just need to see one with a nice rack . 
Hell was full so I came back . 
You call me while your ass is gettin tore up like a rhino-lined truck bed ?? You must really wanna talk , but no thanks . You's a hoe ! 
Lets see who actually knows me bet no one can get all the answers to these questions : first name : middle name : age : birthday : eye color : hair color : nickname : favorite color : best friend : favorite sport : favorite thing to do : ..... now put this as ur status and see how much people know about you 
Bow down 
Just realized its been too long since I've seen my good friends . Damn ! My bro might be movin back here soon . Yeah < PROPMALE > ! 
How are some people so passionate about watching soap operas ?? Booooring . Maybe they should just subscribe to facebook . Lol there's plenty of drama here . 
Watched a video on quantum physics today . I'm intrigued , I wanna learn more . 
I'm much better than I used to be , but I don't think I'm as good as I could be . 
I couldn't think of anything too entertaining to write , so there's my status update . I hope you like it . 
I am not smarter than a 5th grader ! Damn 
Fuckin snithces man !! 
Slept for 15 hours last night . I hate being sick 
Everybody gotta check out OT's new song \hold me down \"." 
I think its funny to see people talkin on bluetooth headsets cause you look at them like they're stupid , and they look at you like you're stupid ... And everybody is just confused lol 
Feels bad for people that don't like snow cause its gonna keep comin :) 
Cuttin up deer and watchin football . That's what's up ! 
Ahh I have nothing to do tomorrow . I can finally do me for a day ! Thank god ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
She don't know she's beautiful 
Think I got a remote controlled helicopter for christmas . Ooohh my dogs is gonna luv me !! Lol 
Mmmm white chocolate-raspberry iced coffee . Dankness !! 
Last night .. I had a dream .. And I was in it .. Imagine that lol 
Its legit to see people happy . 
I told a girl that a man is like a fine wine ; he gets better with age . The next day , she locked me in the cellar . 
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy . Her heart . 
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot 
Anybody wanna go sleddin ? 
Its beginning to look a lot like christmas . I seen a lot of people driving their tree around today . Must be some kinda new \trend \"." 
Life is short : break some rules ! 
Why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly ? 
Why they gotta televise games nobody cares about ? 
I should be boarding right meow 
Little fockers 
The 2 most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity ! 
Maybe I'm just optimistic , but I feel that life can be too easy at times and its kinda frustrating . 
Everybody take the cartoon off your profile pic . Some jew ass pedofiles started that so little kids would add them . It has nothing to do with preventing child abuse . Fuckin faggots !! 
Don't drive faster than your guardian angel can fly . 
Just got jewed by another coffee stand . These people need to step their game up ! 
My mouth tastes like ass . Oh , maybe its the coffee I just drank ... Either way its kind of a shitty deal . 
Why do people keep tellin me I can do better ? I don't even got a woman , and I don't really want one right now . I'm havin fun with life as it is . 
INBOX ONLY 2010 is coming to an end . Send me a confession ( or a question ) you've been wanting to tell me ( or ask me ) all year ( stays between us ) . Put this as your status and you might be surprised with what you get 
Send me a number from 1 -1000 to my inbox then I will tell you using your number how I feel about you via my status 
69 : lol of course . I think you have vast amounts of potential if you make up your mind what you want . You're an amazing person . I love your son and I still got love for you as well . 
93 : where to start ? You're stunning , you always bring a smile to my face when I see you . Even though you don't text me back . You've always been one of my favorite lol 
338 : you're an amazing person , I didn't like you when I first met you . I thought it was kinda weird that you shaved your eyebrows off . Aside from that you are one of the few that I would make an exception for . 
77 : I've never personally met you but you're one of my buddies girl . I have respect for what you've done with yourself at a young age . Keep it up . 
1.57926 : wtf is that ? You're a very fun person . In high school we tore shit up . Some of the parties I've been at with you have been the most fun . 
461 : I got hella respect for you ! You're a good person . When you're not brought down with undesirable feelings you have hella potential man . 
75 : another one I've never met but I observe that you've got a big heart and good intentions . I'd like to meet you one day . Maybe soon . 
65 : you're just a wee little one lol . You take awesome pics , although I don't always agree with some of your choices I think you got a good head on your shoulders . 
3 : don't know you much but I've heard a lot about you . Some good , some bad . And your my best friends cousin ! 
24 : oh man ! You've been my best friend since I've known you . You're beautiful , you're smart , and one of the most down to earth people I know . There's not enough room on here to keep going . 
325 : we used to be neighbors when we were midgets . I got respect for you stickin around for your son . Most people don't do that these days . 
45 : uhh I have no idea . I know you have a kid . Another one I've never met . 
896 : I've only met you once . I had so much fun on that trip , you have no idea . I wish you luck with your marriage 
200 : your high hopes are admirable . From what I know you're a caring considerate person . a good friend 
420 : you would lol . You're the one I got the nickname < PROPMALE > from . You got potential if you get yourself out there and show the world what's up . 
21 : that's how old I'll be next year lol . You're gonna have a kid . Sometimes I think that when you want something you try to hard to get it . You're a good person though and you're due for something good . 
033 : wow ! Yeah , I miss talking to you like I used to . The summer I met you was one of the best ever , I also remember when we met . I seen you not too long ago at O'reilly's but my < PROPMALE > wouldn't stop so I could talk to you . Fuckin prick lol . Anyways , we should kick it sometime . 
Jeez this number game has taken a whole battery to play ! 
666 : that's not a very happy number lol . You are one of the most high spirited people I know . You're never in a bad mood and always have a smile on your face . You also like to smoke some of that good green stuff now and then lol 
420 :\ I'll sell you that dudes truck for 1000$\ " 
123 : do they have a hunting season for that ? Well we should since indians can hunt all year long . Well if I go huntin for love I better be fillin me some tags . Nice . Word . Hey man that chick's got a bootydo . Hahahahaha yeah she does ! Get some 
Well nobody has said I'm a d-bag or anything .. Yet . So I think I'm doin alright . Thanks peeps 
Well now that I know what people think of me its time for bed . Deuces 
111 : you're awesome ! I can always count on you for someone to talk to . Even back when I wasn't as happy as I should have been you were always there for me . Thank you ! 
419 : got a minute ? Lol < PROPFIRST > bowman's 15th birthday party in bonner . Need I say more ? 
Rain ? Really ? 
Check this out my people . I'm gonna have 6 months sobriety next week and I wanna celebrate it with all of you . I know you peeps don't need a reason to drink but here it is , I won't be of course lol . But next friday is the time , somebody pick the place . I want all of you there . 
She's got eyes that cut you like a knife , and her lips that taste like sweet red wine . 
I don't miss partyin at all but I miss seeing all my friends 
Yeah < PROPMALE > , rollin like a big shot ! 
Haha I must be doin something right these days . Yeaaahh boooiiiii that's what's up ! 
Met me a fly ass < PROPFEMALE > last night . We boardin tomorrow . Just another day in the life of yours truly I suppose . 
Good ole starbucks .. You make my day .. Even though you rape my wallet . For that I don't like you , I like your coffee though so its chill . 
Anybody got a pair of snowboard boots size 10-11 you wanna sell me ? 
< PROPFEMALE > life be like oooohh aaaahh . 
Mobbin the wheeler in da snow !! Whooo wheee . Lol 
Why would you envy me ?? I'm only doing what's best for myself . Thanks though :) 
Shred lost trail tomorrow ? Uh huh !! Booyaaah ! 
Its not always about how long you live , rather the quality of life that you live . 
my past may not be the greatest , but it has molded me in to the person that I've become . And for that , I'm grateful . 
I thank God for the person he has made me . 
You got the money , let it roll 
I'm strong enough to admit I make mistakes , confident enough to admit when I'm wrong , and have the courage to ask for help . 
Shining like a < PROPFEMALE > in a clear sky like oooohh aaaahh ! 
I got an idea . If I get 50 or more \likes\ " on this I will set up a coffee stand and serve in a speedo . " 
Let go and let God deal with it ! 
Was just offered a trip to fairmont for a 6 month sobriety gift . That's what's up ! 
if i came with a warning label ... what would it say ?.. be honest and if you're brave post this as your status and see what people say about you 
Its weird when people I don't know somehow get my number and blow my phone up . Like la la la la 
Woah < PROPMALE > !! Maybe I shouldn't look for a girl everyday and they just come to me . That's what's up ! 
Too much fun , what's that mean ? Its like too much money , no such thing ! Its like a girl too pretty , with too much class . Bein too lucky , a car too fast . No matter what they say , I aint never had too much fun . Word 
I just discovered the phonebook feature on here . That takes creepin to a whole new level ! 
6 months sober today ! I got nothin but love for the people that have stayed close to me and supported me through all this . It hasn't always been easy but its making me a better , stronger person ultimately . I couldn't ask for anything more . 
In the event that I need help ( like ) this if you would be there in seconds without questions . 
I never visioned myself as someone that people would look up to . Anyone can do what I do , just commit yourself and you can do anything . Keep it real 
Pimpin aint easy . 
Jealousy is a sickness . I could buy you a card but I don't know if that will help you get better soon . 
Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . 
Coffee 
Life is not fair . How you deal with it is what matters . 
I love bein me 
Doesn't like bein lied to 
If tomorrow goes well it will be one of the best ever . I can't wait 
Oh jeez ... Facebooking before 8am is bad for he health 
Scratch that idea . 
If you don't take the time to get to know the person I've become , you don't stand a < PROPMALE > in understanding me . If you know the person I used to be , look again cause that's not who I am now . I love and respect every person that has stood by my side through thick and thin . 
Life is complex . First you need to grasp the concept of success and start from there . Money is a material object that brings happy feelings and joyous moments . Real happiness truly comes from within . 
Life is one thing you can't re-do . Live it like you're gonna die tomorrow . 
Ah shit ! Lost a bunch of contacts . Message me your number peeps . 
Each day I learn something new about myself , and it makes me stronger . 
Sometimes its the little things in life that mean the most . 
I can't tell you what it really is . I can only tell you what it feels like . 
There's nothing worse than paying 4$ for a coffee that tastes like ass ! 
I'm standing up imma face my demons , I'm manning up imma hold my ground . I've had enough now I'm so fed up , its time to put my life back together right now ! 
I've come clean to be a bigger individual . 
I'm seriously considering enrolling in a branch of service . 
I love workin at a university 
< PROPFEMALE > stopped by my house a little early . That's a tight squeeze for a fat guy . 
People that get bored just means that they have failed to acquire the knowledge to inspire themselves 
It might be cold outside but it felt like summer for a while . Lol 
Life's problems wouldn't be called obstacles if there wasn't a way to get over them . 
I'm gonna go talk to a recruiter tomorrow . I'm makin a lot of changes right now so I might as well do the whole country some good . 
Proper planning prevents piss poor performance 
7 months ago I lost a person that meant the world to me . It devastated me and made me hesitant to give my heart away like that again . Since then I've grown inside and I'm taking the steps necessary to become the person I wanna be . 
But now I'm back bustin in your bathroom , got you laughin in your shower cap . 
I'll put fire behind your knees to be the reason you smile . 
The way I feel , I'm strong enough to go to the club or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up cause I'm raising the bar . 
Aye Boo Boo . Goin to see Yogi in 3D tomorrow 
Everybody deserves a second < PROPMALE > . Although I have changed I understand that not everybody else has . But things change daily when you put an honest effort towards something that is worth it to you . 
I like to look fresh . That's just my style . You're just mad cause you don't get a crack at it . Sorry hun , my standards are higher than you can count . Better luck next time . 
The zoo is livin up to its name today 
If you're livin on the edge you're takin up too much space 
Haha maybe it does pay off to be young and look good . What a day ! 
Gettin a hot tub soon . Yeah < PROPMALE > that's what's up ! 
New years party at my place . Big fire , lots of people . 18 and older 
I realized I believe too many things people say . I need to focus on the people that are honest with me and make amends with people I've let go of . 
Movin up 
If everything goes well I'll be serving in active duty within 4 months 
Today was awesome . Tomorrow will be even better . 
There's a reason why the past is behind us 
If I've learned anything in my 20 exciting years it would be this . No matter what you do ; things change , people come and go , and some times are more agreeable than others . Every experience forms you . But life goes on . Live it how you want it . 
I didn't think I had the strength to become the person I am today . I used to be oblivious to meaningful ' things ' . Now I am able to seek inspiration in anything . I enjoy helping people and being similar to the type of person I used to envy . 
Music is my release 
I leave lasting impressions . :) 
Jesus loves me . Its the rest of the world that thinks I'm an asshole . 
You can't even make yourself happy . How do you expect to make someone else happy ? 
Guess I'm gonna do some modeling 
We only get one life . Do something with it . Live it to the limit with no regrets . 
I'm gonna be stationed in San < PROPMALE > for the first 6 months until I finish bootcamp and go to college at USC . Then I'll be shipped to Australia . That's what's up ! 
I'm inspired . For once in my life I'm happy with the decisions I'm making . Each day is a step closer to your future , do you want to live like this forever ? 
Always faithful 
Today was amazing . Humbling as well 
Its a good thing dreams aren't reality . I'm a bad boy when I sleep 
When you look good ; you feel good 
You won't know until you walk a mile in my shoes and understand me . 
I might be out of here by mid February . I'm gonna miss all of you but you'll always be in my thoughts 
I need to relax and have some fun . Everything has been way too serious lately . 
I need a workout partner 
Hopefully we get our hot tub before I leave . 
I can take life seriously some other day . Its time for me to have fun 
Anyone down for some poker ? 
Damn it feels good to be gangsta 
Why are most females immature , deceitful , and scandalous when it comes to relationships ? 
Anybody wanna do the honors of drinking my share of < PROPMALE > light this holiday season ? 
< PROPFIRST > & Kumar 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . I'm thankful I get to spend this time with my family . 
The very best part of christmas isn't how we celebrate .. Or where . Its who we share it with . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me . I thought I had my take off ramp finished but I decided its not big enough . I'll have it done by the new years partay fo sho . 
A couple more meals like that and I'll be < PROPFEMALE > next year . 
Why does everybody writealltheirwordstogetherthesedays ? 
She's got whatever it is , it blows me away 
I may have leadership qualities but there's only one thing I'm focused on leading . My own life 
My new years resolution : complete 5 things on the bucket list 
I'll give you my opinion but you gotta live your life . 
Sleep 
I woke up and my eyes are green as could be . 
For every man there's a woman that will inspire change . 
Stop lookin at what you don't have and be thankful for what you do have . 
Girl we can leave it all behind , let me ease your mind . Let's ride 
Oh great ! I got ex's callin me babe again . There's a reason why the past is behind us . 
I'm so close to heaven I could touch the sky . 
Failure is not an option 
To think that a year from now I'll be putting my life on the line daily for the benefit of this country is humbling . 
My only problem is their insecurities . 
Sorry people , nothing too interesting today . That's what's on my mind . Hope you like it 
I think I just heard Lost Trail call my name . 
It takes more than words to offend me . 
I only take a drink on two occasions - when I'm thirsty and when I'm not . 
I'll take a raspberry lemonade and whatever your name is on the side . 
I hate it when I drool on my pillow . 
Goin boardin on Sunday . Hit me up if ya wanna go 
Wish I could see a certain someone 
Tomorrow night is gonna be sweet 
F*ck everybody who doubted me . 
Party is cancelled tomorrow night peeps . Don't show up 
I can't help you if you don't want to be helped 
Well I find out when I leave today 
Damn I haven't got good news like that in quite some time . Good < PROPMALE > I leave next month . 
I'm thinkin San < PROPMALE > next month is gonna be nice 
I wanna see everyone before I leave 
They call me < PROPMALE > . 
Imma go get it cause I'm a go getta ! 
My reality is beginning to exceed my dreams . 
Its weird to notice the changes we make when we transition from a kid to an adult . 
My best quality is .......?? 
Settin my sights on officer status flyin fighter jets . Anything less than that is mediocre performance for me . Its possible 
I never knew single would feel so good . 
Who dat ? Oh , that's only seattle . 
I haven't laughed that hard in a long time 
Seeing people drunk just makes me feel better that I'm not one of them anymore 
Woke up feelin like a million bucks . Today's gonna be a good day . 
This should be good . I'm dressed like hef and ready for action . 
Well today was pretty much bad ass ! I can't believe I took part in a lingerie show but I'd do I again . 
Girl I can be your best friend . You can count on me to ride with you until the end . 
My life ; I live it to the limit and I love it . 
Haha suck on that duck fans !! 
That's how a championship game is meant to be played ! 
Only in montana do we say 30 degrees is warm . 
Sunshine .. And a beach somewhere in Cali . 
My imperfections are what make me , me . 
7 months today 
You keep asking , but I'm leaving soon to bigger and better things . You're gonna keep getting the same answer . I don't want a relationship cause who knows what could happen once I'm gone .. 
Damn dude ! Some people just need a dose of Dr. < PROPMALE > .. 
Be easy 
I'm not perfect but , nobody walking this earth's surface is . 
Strange . I guess I'm not a < PROPFIRST > anymore . I'm officially a cancer . That doesn't sound good . 
Why they gotta go an f*ck up my whole program ?? http://www.twirlit.com/2011/01/13/new-zodiac-sign-dates-list-did-your-astrological-sign-change-2/ 
I'm a < PROPFIRST > for life ! A cancer doesn't come close to describing me . They can go to hell for all I care . 
Dude my brain hurts . And the whole zodiac thing was wrong . Nothing has changed . 
They call me superman , I'm here to rescue you . 
Take me back a year and give me the opportunities I have now . That would be my idea of perfection . 
There's no such thing as an ending . Only new beginnings . 
Why can't everyone just get along and be civil ?? You're gonna have to coexist with people you don't like your whole life so learn to deal with it . 
Who's down to go to Seattle next weekend if the seahawks beat da bears ? 
You have enemies ? Good . That means you've stood up for something , sometime in your life . 
You may not end up where you thought you were going .... but you will always end up where you were meant to be .. 
Keep ya head up 
This one might be worth holding on to . 
The choices we make , and the chances we take , determine our < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm ready for spring to be here . The holidays are over and the snow is almost gone . Bring on the warm weather 
I'll never neglect you , never have time to stress you , and always respect you . 
Hello sunshine 
Some asshole from < PROPMALE > hacked my account . Get your own life dbag 
It was my decision to get clean , I did it for me . 
I'm the type of guy to stand by your side and wipe the tears as they fall from your eyes . 
Anyone want a blackberry ? 
Dom capers for president 
How do I unlock answers to questions that people have answered about me ? 
F*ck the steelers ! Big < PROPMALE > is a big < PROPFEMALE > . Go pack ! 
You ever get an old worn out 1$ < PROPMALE > and wonder how many G- strings its been in ? 
What a night it turned out to be . 
This is for the dudes . Why do you feel the need to treat women like they're a minority ? The world consists of more people than just yourself , pull your head out of your ass and learn some respect . 
Anybody wanna go to the y and workout tomorrow ? 
I just got beat up by my perfect push ups . Wtf 
Some girls would be a 10 and the others that would make < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > flinch . Ha 
NFC all the way . This is how the super bowl is gonna turn out too . Green and yellow , green and yellow . 
Rockin the square burger . 
I'll be deleting people if I see \i love you\ " a week into a relationship one more time . " 
Anyone else got a membership to the y ? 
At least the craters in the roads around here will create jobs when its time to fix them . Unlike the government that said they would create jobs . They're worthless . But so are the potholes . Watch out for em cause they'll keep your mechanic busy too . 
My phone starts partyin when its time for me to wake up . 
I guess I'll go to college until I leave . 
Can't wait for sweet summertime . Sunshine and da beach . 
If I could fly I'd take a one way trip to success . 
This is damn near t-shirt weather . 
Hmm sweet . I have more money than I thought . What a nice surprise . 
It looks to me like the black n yellow are feelin a little blue . Haha . Go pack . Put big < PROPMALE > on his big head . 
Say cheeeeeeeeeeessee . 
Up , up here we go 
Holy 6 foot snow drift in the driveway . 
Lovin the weather today . Thinkin about layin on my deck to catch some rays and get my tan on . Ha jk 
I can't help but want to trade places with a kid with a disorder for a week just so they would get the < PROPMALE > to live a normal life for a minute . 
Can't wait till I can go camping . 
At least I got to spend part of v-day with a beautiful girl . Aside from my whole body being sore it was a good day :) 
Probably should have left the new kicks at home . Damn lol 
I might be Playin some football for the phoenix this summer . 
I think a trip to the hot springs is in order . 
my president is black . 
Cheers to another day . 
It's pretty cool that a kid younger than me won the daytona 500 
Ha ! No poke backs f*ckers .. 
Put one them flowers in your hair , have you lookin like a fly mama sita . Fuego 
Looks like I'll be throwin down on the football field this summer . Hella 
Why does my chat have little green dudes ? Lol 
Anyone wanna do some job hunting tomorrow ? 
The top of my dome .. that's what's on my mind . 
Who actually knows me ? I bet nobody can answer all of these questions : First Name________ Middle name _________ Last name________ Age__ Birthday__________ Nickname___________ Favorite color_________ Eye color__________ Hair color__________ Best friend__ _______ Favorite sport_________ Post this on your Status and see what you get ... 
Lord .. I just wanna thank you for blessing me with the coolest , wildest , most fun friends anyone could ask for . AMEN ! \ 
\ 
P.S. keep em comin 
Practice tonight .. git r done 
I'm dressed like a f*ckin onion today . 
I can't stand pPl dAt RyT lyK DiS . 
I only appear to be normal to people that are a little weird themselves . 
If I can make one persons ' day better , then I've done my job . 
Anyone use the IM app for android ? 
I want it to be summer so I can go to the lake all day , go camping , and tear it up on the wakeboard . 
I'm sayin toodles to you bitches . I'm goin boardin . Peace my niggas . 
Epic ! 36+ inches of pow = one or lifes more simple problems to deal with . Solution ; shred . It was borderline orgasmic , not gonna lie . 
The green eyes get me everytime .. 
We were tryin different things , and we were smokin funny things . 
Too bad the groundhog was blind .. 
I walked past a dude skiing through town smokin a doobie . Way to represent my man . 
Gonna go get lost at the trail tomorrow . 
Boarding was amazing today .. except for the time u used my face to stop of course . I'll sleep like a baby tonight , sleep 3 hours and wake up cryin for my mommy .. and so on . I hope everyone else's day was as good as mine . 
So stoked ! Little Caesars got their spice packs back ! Ballin 
I could easily get used to this weather . 
It was good to see such a great turnout at a Christian rock concert . Way to support the big man upstairs . There are people left around here with good intentions . 
Anyone wanna tear up the slopes on Sunday ? 
I want another tat . Any ideas ? 
Everyday is a < PROPFIRST > vs goliath battle . This world is much bigger than I am but I will come out on top . 
Anybody have a pair of snow blades you'd be willing to sell me ? Or know anybody that would . 
I wanna go camping . I just have one question , who's coming with me ? 
F*ck dude I just deleted all my pictures and music off my phone . Fml I had 3 years worth of memories on there . 
Anyone got a computer with a bunch of music on it ? 
I wanna try skiing . 
Haha I just got an e-mail from some random source sayin that so and so is now your groupie , congratulations . Haha wow .. 
If your milkshake is thicker than your girlfriend you're doin good . 
It's time to exercise these demons , the motha f*ckers doin jumpin jacks now . 
I think its time to get a little mud on the tires . Who's with me ? 
Goin boardin at silver mountain on Thursday . Kinda expensive but I'll be shreddin 1600 acres . I think I'll feel right at home . 
Only god knows why . 
Is it Thursday yet ? 
Why does everyone gotta be hatin on here ? That's all it is this morning . Damn peeps let's graduate from the drama . 
Let's do this Grizzlies ! Pull this one out . 
Stupid f*ckin refs . Suck a fatty . It's hard to beat 7 players . 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thank you for you support 
Ha I just saw a panhandler with a sign that said , \bigfoot kidnapped my girlfriend and I need help . \ " I thought about letting him rent a gun and give him enough money to buy some < PROPFIRST > links jerky . " 
If you're down for camping this weekend , give me a \HELL YEAH \"" 
Haha I had to sign a contract to buy a little lizard . 
Anyone down to go to the maulers game tonight ? 
It feels like a good day to go 4-wheeling . It's gonna be hella nice . 
I like how the sunshine makes me happy . 
I just looked into the future and I saw a folf disc . Haha its about time . 
Fuckin feds ! They're more worried about people smokin a little ganja than they are narcotics . I wonder if they considered that it might help the people that use it . It's not like you can crush it up , and shoot it in your arm and you'll be superman in 2 minutes . 
Mopeds are like fat chicks . It's all good till your friends see you ridin em . 
Happy st Pattys day peeps . 
Damn everybody be commenting the outfit . 
I like how the realtree energy drinks disclose the fact that they're not for city boys . I think I'm safe to drink it . 
I've seen sooo many Hungover peeps today . Haha thank god I didn't look in the mirror and see one . 
That concert was insane . There are some benefits for workin there . 
A little bit of headbanging never hurt anyone . Unless of course you find yourself in the mosh pit with a griz linebacker .. like a couple of unfortunate souls did this fine evening . 
I need to find a job . Asap 
Job hunting is so lame . But a job is much needed 
Is rather you hate me for something I am , than love me for something I'm not . 
Due to the fact that there are more female pilots these days , they are going to change the name of the \cockpit . \ " They are going to call it the \ " box office . \"" 
we went and got a ' 77 corvette today up by flathead lake . it was such a nice day for a drive and we brought home a beautiful car . i'll hook it up with some pics 
some of the things the people do on fear factor is intense ... like eating nasty sh*t 
anybody seen hall pass ? it looks good but i dont wanna go see it if it sucks . 
somebody should bring me a big < PROPMALE > 
today was definitely interesting . i put in 12 apps all over the place , had some fun convo with peeps , and kicked it with an old friend . 
lets start a petition to bring hauck back to the griz . 
get up , get up come on get down with the sickness 
my grandma started coughing and i thought it was my dog barking so i told her to shut up and she flipped . not litterally , she only wishes 
i really dislike authority figures . there's always conflict . except for the judge i'm dealin with , she's gangsta . filling out and turning in 10 apps per day is complete bs , filling them out is sooooo boring and repetative . but good news , i'm possibly getting off supervision in may . 
my < PROPMALE > hooked me up with a weight bench today , just got it set up . now i gotta find motivation to use it . 
i will pay someone with lap dances that has good handwriting and spelling abilities to fill out applications for me . * girls only * 
the square root of 69 is me+you 
i'm gladly accepting donations to the help < PROPFIRST > get a job fund . 
i'm a virgin 
my eyes have more of a sweet tooth than my mouth does . i love me some eye < PROPFEMALE > 
useless fact of the day- i have 420 friends . welcome to the club 
the definition of redneck foreplay ; bend over bitch , i'm driving . 
nrvnrnfvrionoti ; 4thnmqwfv ; nevnkjnadsc ; owfnv . yeah 
3 axles and a new piece to the lift < PROPFEMALE > later the chevy is fixed . ballin ! 
hey mother nature , just a little fyi it's APRIL !! get with the program . 
mmmmm chili dogs . you know i'll be sleepin with my window open !! 
where's the best place to download free music ? 
damn . i've used a whole pen ( that was new to start out ) in the last week just filling out applications . someone should just give me a damn job already . 
got my baby licensed and insured . good to go . ballin 
now i just wanna go mudding . too bad my pickemup drinks gas like alcoholics drink beer . 
if i ever acquire a porta potty business for some odd reason , i'm gonna call it \johnny on the spot \"" 
anybody know where i can find some quality boxes ? like 2 of them . 
Lookin so fresh and clean . I got me a roofing job and my new phone is down with the clown if ya know what I mean . 
can't wait to start working next week . 12$ an hour is gonna be niiiiiiiiice 
blue sky , sunshine , nothing to do , sounds like a good day to be in the mountains . holla !! 
Finally got the part to solve the problem on my truck . Gonna get some paint to do the visor too . That's what's up . 
my truck is ready to rockk and rolll . just gotta paint the visor now . yeehaawww 
my niggas !! i got my truck fixed !!! gonna be gone next week in bozeman for work . so stoked !! hit me up . 
anybody wanna go 4 wheeling on sunday ? 
i think a folf sesh is in order for tomorrow . 
time for me to hit the sack . gotta be up at 4am to head to cat country for work . i should probably take my dogs and a gun . 
there's not much goin down in this world right now . wanna know how i know ?? there's 70 of my friends on fb . haha yeah , woww !! 
Holy F It's early . My dogs don't even wanna be awake . But I'm goin to work . 
Long ass first day of work . 10 more hours tomorrow and the next 2 days then a 3 day weekend . 
stupid rain . if i wanted a clean truck i would wash it . oh well , rain+dirt = dirty truck again . 
anybody have an amp you wanna get rid of ? 
i just thought of the best dinner combination ever .. frozen twinkies ; glazed donuts ; licorice ; and a glass of milk . 
Pda is not ok when you're 14 and at a public function . 
next time i go to find mud i'm taking a video camera fosho 
is there a hunting season for splittail ? 
only if people would understand that i have potential to lead a responsible , successful life on my own . i don't need people tellin me when to do shit all the time . after the events i've been through i know what it takes to live life legitimately . i have big dreams for myself i just need the freedom to be able to fulfill my aspirations . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change , the courage to change the things i can , and the wisdom to know the difference . 
I was born on the edge so that's where I'm comfortable . I'm a risk taker . Although I'm intimidated by rejecltion I find ways to get over it . lifes ' problems wouldn't be called obstacles If there wasn't a way around them . 
soooo .... my moms bf told my < PROPMALE > that the only < PROPMALE > he's got of gettin laid is to stick his head up a chickens ' ass . dunno why it would be funny to you but i had to tell ya lol 
its movie time then i'll be back on the daily grind tomorrow . holla if ya hear me 
\If you learn Mexican you'll know how to swim and jump fences \"" 
Tue only good thing about meeting a lady at a bar is , they are most likely of age . No need to check id's 
This is the first 4:20 I've been completely sober in about 8 years . I must say , I feel great . 
by the time im done tinkering with my truck its gonna be pretty much new . but i'll have a healthy baby . 
pie in a box 
tell me some jokes 
I might as well be the lucky leperchaun that found the pot of gold . 
It's a good thing I get a discount at the parts store . 
Anybody got a transmition < PROPFIRST > and some spare time ? 
My Easter egg hunt consisted of 100$ in plastic basketballs . My moms a pimp . 
