Is jamming out to rammstein before work . XD 

Relaxing on my day off ... 
Gotta work the whole weekend so i wont be available from 6pm to 6am sat sun and mon . 
Just got introduced to a game called Guild Wars and it will suffice until diablo 3 XD 
Is feeling this emotion , its life i need to pass out of something , i think they call it fatigue ... 
In One week i will get to see my super awesome < PROPMALE > :D very excite . Miss you < PROPFEMALE > 
AHHHH !!!! Fable III is already in the making !! Heck yes !!! that just made my day :DDDD 
Has had one of the shittiest weekends ever , well kinda , i didnt get my truck back till yesterday so i couldnt go to < PROPFIRST > and see my best friend :( the more i think im out of this whole , i just keeps getting bigger and i dont kow if i can climb out ..... I sorry < PROPFEMALE > :( please dont be mad at me ... 
Going to work soon and i still feel like crap :( text me 
I always fall for the one i can't have .... 
My mom is watching Mama Mia on my ps3 .... Not only do I now have to call a priest for an exorsist , but also I need a bunch of Rambo and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movies to man my ps3 up again ..... /fail .... 
Sick and Lonely ... Boo .... Im all alone , there's no one here beside me ..... 
boo im bored and need sleep lol gotta work tonight 
Feel's like the worst friend in the world .... i just dont know what im going to do ...... 
Boo for bronchitis .... First time having it and if i have anything to say about it , also my last ... Grrr . 
Work today , woohoo ! 
Has the kraft < PROPMALE > n ' cheese ... :( 
Needs to dust off the ol ' ps3 , I've got some gaming to do !!!!!! Sorry AC2 , God of War I II is now on the ps3 !!!! 
Hey , did you get that .... thing i sent ya ? 
Fml ... I just lost the game ..... but i will share its diabolical deeds with all of yall . Enjoy ! :) 
Does anyone else feel the need for a diabolical laugh ? Come on , anyone ? 
he fat , and he don't run too fast , but he's faster than me . Last night at the show we saw him going out of his dream . 
Sleep ? Check . Clothes ? Check . Truck with gas ? Check . Ipod ? Check . Alright ! Today is going to rock !!! 
I just had a bird commit suicide on the window of my room ... 
Wants to actually start living life , instead of crawling through it day by day ... :( 
Actually is going to go to bed early one night ... amazing !! 
If 1+1 = Fish Does Fish+Fish =D inner ? Think about it . 
Today can be the stepping stone of the new foundation that is my life . I hope everything goes right ! 
Life just keeps spinning me around and I don't know when to stop .... 
No God of War III tonight . Sad panda is indeed sad ... 
Bed time ! waking up at 5 ..... today ..? Yes today haha ! 
Is jamming out to Pirates of the Caribbean soundtrack . It just makes everything epic ! 
Had a blast with the alumni band ... wow i didnt realize how much i missed my high school buddies till tonight .... Yall now how to make someone's day . :D 
I love thunder storms !!! this was a perfect day !!! even if the beginning of it sucked hardcore ... 
Well its time for sleep ... i think things are going to start picking up here in a bit . Too bad all I can think about right now is her ... Haha I'm starting to sound like < PROPFIRST > 
Well with my day ruined so early in the morning , im going to be in a bad mood all day ... Woo Hoo .... Fml 
seriously cant wait till tron legacy !!!! 
Atfer defeating the tower knight , a druegal slaughtered me .. Now i'm depressed , haha !! 
Good Morning world , I just came to a stunning conclusion . Some people like their movies bad . Not in the cool kind of bad but like the < PROPMALE > Dynamite kind . It sucked giant monkey balls but was hilarious !!! :D 
Blarrrg !!! I hate animes !!! they always end right at the awesome part and I have to wait another week to see what happens !! :( 
Hey ! Guess what !!! I just lost the game .... Muahahaha ... :( 
Off to bed ... got some things on my mind , and for once its not about a girl . Its about me and what I'm going to do with my life ... 
Cleverbot is not so clever ... :( It makes me sad . 
Ahh good times ... Watching Gundam G ... Domon Rules !! 
Well , I'm heading off to bed . Really need some good rest , I have a lot to do tomorrow ... 
Ahh man I cannot wait until red dead redemption comes out ! Just watching the trailers makes me want to play red dead revolver again ... great games !!!! ahh !!! :D 
Good morning world ... 
I feel like throwing up rainbows !!! 
??????????????????????? ???? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ????????? ???? ?? ?? ??????? ?????? ?? ???????? ?? ???? ???? ????? ?????? ???????? ????????????????????????????????????? 
????? ???? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ???? ????? ???? ?? ?? ??????? ?????? ?? ??? ????? ?? ???? ???? ????? ?????? ???????? ????????????????????????????????????? There we go haha ! 
Blast it ... Nevermind ... :( 
When life gives you lemons , turn it into grape juice and sit there as everyone wonders how you did it . :D 
Gotta be extra careful today , im wearing a red shirt . :D 
Hunger is the best spice - Spike 
Its sad how fast humans can become depressed over the smallest of things ... 
Dropkick Murphy's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well today is officially crappy . I found out that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio died yesterday morning . :( 
And a lil ' bit of chicken fried , cold beer on a friday night , a pair of jeans that fit just right , and the radio up . 
So bored that i am contemplating reading a tale of two cites to make my day exciting . Txt me . :D 
Yellow roses grow in Heaven , Lord , pick a bunch for me ? Place them in my Grandma's arms & tell her they're from me ? Tell her that I love & miss her , & when she turns to smile , place a kiss upon her cheek & hold her for a while ? Because\ 
remembering her is easy , I do it everyday ? There's an ache within my heart that will never go away ... Copy and paste if your Grandmother is in Heaven . ? 
Oh , I'm so sorry . I gave a damn yesterday , you just missed it . 
Wow , my little sister had graduated ... I'm so proud of her its unfathomable . Congratz sis I love you ! 
97% of teenagers would cry if they saw JustinBieber standing on top of asky scraper , about to jump . If your one of the 3% who would sit there like me , in a deck chair with popcorn and yell \DO A FLIP ! \ " then copy and paste this as your status " 
I feel like im in a waiting line for a kiss concert , not a spay and netuer area 
Admiral Ackbar !!! Why have you forsaken me ! :( 
Why does everything I do and even try to do get smacked back in my face ? I wish I could just disappear from this unforgiving world and make everyones life simpler . I have fallen into a monotonous hole in which I may never escape . 
The eye of the tiger . It even makes doing dishes epic . 
Well since < PROPFEMALE > inspired me with her kind words , you rock ! Haha . Im going to allow anyone who \likes\ " this status before i go to bed and i will write something nice on their walls . and i wont tell anyones deep dark secrets haha you know who you are >:D " 
It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum . And I'm all out of gum . 
You know what this means ? Gam Gam's a whore . :D Great movie 
Has the opening song to < PROPFIRST > of the Dead stuck in my head . :D Love that movie ! I wonder what's in store for me today ? 
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . ” ~ Jimi Hendrix 
There is just something about classical music that makes my pains just fade away for awhile . I love it so much . 
It feels like I'm married to lady luck . I have to put up with all her crap , and I'm still not getting any . Haha ! 
Your nipples look like milk duds !!! 
Bored as hell . Anyone wanna hangout ? 
I am he as you are he as you me and we are all together :D 
POKE ME if you ever had a crush on me ... LIKE this status if you think I'm a good friend ... Message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me ... COMMENT on this status if we have had good MEMORIES .... Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status ! 
I think i have a new fav band lol 
Im selling my Xbox 360 for $200 and my Ps3 for $225 message me if your interested 
Well today had a sudden switch of luck . I Got a job !!!!! 
Well work was awesome today . Im so drained haha . Text me . 
Today was exhausting ! It was a blast though . Text me . :D 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this 
Tired as a dog . Worked all night . Goodnight world , please dont bother me until 2pm :D 
Eh it sounds like fun . Like this and ill tell you what i hate the most about you . Ha ha , jk what I like about you 
6 hrs to go till im off :D 
Has had Spoonman stuck im my head for days now . I love that song !! 
This is .... impossible . Those pajamas are impossible . Haha ! Watching the mask . 
Bored at work . Someone talk to me :) msg me for my number is you dont have it . 
Oh poppycock , Just got off work and i cant seem to fall asleep for some reason . And now i feel like talking in a british accent . 
Random thought . Are biker women bron to be one , or do they undergo a ritual ? Haha >.<' 
Well , ill be working till 6am again . Text me anytime . Ill be up haha 
Im so bored !! And only 3hrs to go >_<' someone save me ! Haha please ? 
I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought of you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence . I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart ! I miss you Grandma ! Re-Post if you love someone in heaven . 
Needs a new anime/manga badly . Any good recommendations ? 
Tired of lying in the sunshine staying home to watch the rain . You are young and life is long and there is time to kill today . And then one day you find ten years have got behind you . No one told you when to run , you missed the starting gun \ 
\ 
Work From 10pm - 6 am then , i get some rest and have to be back in at 2pm :( Im gonna be tired as all get out . 
Well im getting off . Text me if you want . 830-426-1648 . Ill be at work all night so dont worry about waking me at 3 in the morning lmao 
I <3 my ipod :) 
6Thinking about ordering the complete series of helsing . Its either that or the animaniacs . Weird combo aside , i would enjoys yalls opinion . Like this for 
6 helsing or comment hello nurse for animaniacs . :D 
Well , no one really had a opinion on which series to get except 2 people who both said animaniacs . So , Animaniacs it is . 
Is very bored at work . Txt me . :D I shall do a dance if you do ... 
What's your Musical Key ? -- My Result : E < PROPMALE > . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/297981/referrals/status?aid=687900059 
Happy Left-Handed Day !!! I may not be called left handed anymore because i was taught to write with my right , Heh Heh , I will always be a southpaw in my eyes . 
An annoucement too all my mainland facebook users who are still awake . \Go to bed !!!! \ " that is all . :) " 
Had a very good night . :D Now to get some sleep and get to work at 6 am ... Haha night everyone 
Only 2 hrs into work and im already yawning . I think its time for a powerthirst ! I feel like being uncomfortably energetic !!!! 
Can i consider 1337 5p35k and Txt format as being bilingual ? 
It's weird , almost every song on KMFR seems to fit how i feel right now .... Stupid love songs .... 
What the h e double hockey sticks is going on ? 
Ahh hondo .. Where the trains run faster than Superman :D 
Sooo , apparently 2009's birth count was the lowest this century . Isnt that a good thing ? Haha XD 
You know what band I haven't heard in ages ? Dream theatre . Good band . 
Rush is variety ! 
I could really go for some \cake\ " right now . Haha XD " 
You know , 6 nights of work straight makes me feel like a non-christaian during the spanish inqusisition ; whipped . 
If I were a cat , I would want to be able to live a life free of all things ... Everyday , I would find any place I like and stare in the sky ; and take a nap and live my life as I want to . I am Nekogoro ^.^ 
Mmmm torro rojo . :D 
Like this if you knew Hondo's police badge has a 7 pointed < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wants someone to talk to :( but im at work so I can only text . ( 830 426 1648 ) do it ... Do it ... Haha XD 
Hello , I love you wont you tell me your name . Haha gotta love the doors 
Financially exausted and socially deprived is not a good way to start a weekend . Haha 
Tomorrow morning is going to be 100% fable III so i hope my new xbox is up to non-stop gaming ! Haha yes ! 
Wants someone to talk to . Works gonna suck tonight . Lol 
He new xbox load looks cool , but the update is taking forever ! 
I think all energy drinks should be labled as artificial energy supplements . I dont feel awake but im not tired anymore , its like i've zombifie .......... 
 ..... bbbbrrrrrraaaaiiiiiinnnsssssssss ....... 
Well , its been an interesting couple of days ... First getting sick , now my glasses broke . Fml ..... 
Peanuts , popcorn , sweet potata ' pie , pancakes stacked up , half a mile wide . Aaannnnd I'll eat and eat and eat and eat until I die . -Goofy- 
Wow . I turn 21 in 18 days ... Thats crazy 
Can't wait to get out of work today , I get to spend the day with my lil sis ! Yay !!! I love you < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
15 days !?! Whoa !! 
One dozen days to go , please . :D 
6 days until I'm 21 and I feel depressed . Not the emotion I was expecting . :/ 
Your born alone , you die alone . It's up to you to fill in the blanks . 
Random fact of the day : Brits can only shoot accurately when werewolves are involved . 
Ahh !!! So bored , need someone to talk to !!! Haha 
