2011 resolutions : #1 finally finalize my divorce and #2 stop dating crazy assholes . I think that about covers it ... yah . 

I'm having a laminate laying party today . Anyone in ??? 
Seriously , if a guy that you're dating ever says or does anything to you that is really f*ed up , then leave immediately . Do not just keep hoping things will change for the better ... they really WON'T . 
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , cold day ! Where are those 40+ degree temps we're supposed to be getting ?!?!?! 
Wowsa .... greeeeeeeat job news down the grapevine today ! Uber-productive week ! 
Still waiting .... so glad Monday's a holiday ! 
Yay , finally got my computer set up at my house so I can actually USE the internet I'm already paying for ! 
UGGGGGGHHHHH ! My WoW account is totally screwed up and now they've \permanently disabled\ " it . So not cool ! " 
Why did they discontinue naptime after kindergarten ?!?! I need a nap ! 
I feel like I'm drowning in paper work , uggh ! : X 
Awesome ! First < PROPFEMALE > day in ages ... but now it's coldddddddddder again ! :) :( 
It's a beautiful day in a neighborhood , a beautiful day in a neighborhood , somewhere else in the world ... 
Woot woot ! Good week ... super productive and busy , just the way I like it !!! 
I had some really strange dreams last night ... 
I hope it snows enough to go sledding ... who wants to go sledding with me !?! 
It's not that I can't live without you ; it's that I don't even want to try . 
Crap , I think my eyes hate me . Far away stuff is super blurry now !!!! 
Rain , rain , go away , don't come back ' til I'm away ! 
I posted some of my pics from my recent trip to LA ... check them out , but they're unlabeled and out of order . 
Well , I guess the lazy streak must end ... tonight I am tiling my shower once again ... I will accept help from anyone who offers ! 
BRRRRRRRR ! I hate cold weather , and I like cold offices even less ... crank up the heat to 78 , that's what it's here for ! 
Unless you're willing to make the change yourself , don't complain about how it's already being done . 
Fun night last night ! Today isn't lookin ' so hot , though ... got into work 30 < PROPFEMALE > early and someone had already dumped two kittens in my AC truck ... not cool , asshole , not cool ! 
Morning seems to be coming way too early these days ... :( 
So my new little dog thought the pile of fiberglass in my living room was the best place in the whole house to sleep ... let me tell you , it was NOT a good idea ! 
Spring cleaning ! YAYYYYYYYYY for nicer weather !!!! 
Hangover :O 
Sooooo tired , I wish it wasn't Monday morning already ! :( 
I love the spring , but I'm really ready for the blazing hot summer ! 
So I think I've finally figured out that I'm allergic to animals ... I walked into Petsmart today and started breaking out in hives and every night when I get home I break out in hives and I have 2 dogs and 1 cat at home ... so the evidence suggests ... ANIMAL ALLERGY . :( 
A 4 Advil breakfast + 15 < PROPFEMALE > . phone conversation where citizen wouldn't stop yelling at me = lining up to be a great day ! 
What a beautiful day ! 
Uh , I hope I'm not allergic to poison < PROPFEMALE > ... just mowed my weed patch surrounding my house and then trimmed one of my ugly yew shrubs ... both places had poison < PROPFEMALE > coming up ... eek ! 
The palms of my hands are actually bruised from trying to push my stupid mower in my wreck of a yard ... the automatic drive thingy wasn't working until my neighbor borrowed my mower after I was done ... ouch ! 
At the dog park enjoying the absolutely beautiful day and letting my mutt-mutts get some exercise ! 
Ok , fb needs to fix the posts that keep cutting words off in the middle and continuing them on the next line . I think it happens when you text in your status , but really , fb , it's ANNOYING ! 
Can we just fast-forward to Friday , please ? 
I'm really bored and want to leave work and go home . How do I have a full day of overtime already and it's only the 2nd day of the week ?! 
Called in sick today . I slept from 8pm last night to 11:30 am this morning ... 
Is it bad that I really want to cut all my hair off again circa 2005ish ? 
I got the score of the century today .... Levelor wood blinds for all my windows in my house and 60 sheets of 1/2\ drywall ... and it was ALL FREE ! Yayyyyyy for me ! " 
I'm buying a junk beater of a car today to drive for a few months so I can dump lots of money into my house insead of into a worthless vehicle . I think I may be nearing crazier everyday .... eek ! 
CHOP CHOP CHOP ! No more hair ! 
So haircut tomorrow instead I guess . Is it a little creepy that some guy at the gas station who helped me put coolant in the engine of my car just asked me for my number ? Like can't guys help a girl for more than just to hit on them ? 
Yay for short hair ! Pic will be coming soon ! 
I love the department of revenue since they can erroneously steal your tax return . I have MO to thank for this brilliant move since the bastards say I have to PROVE to them that I didn't live or work in MO in 2007 . WTF ??? So now you have to prove that you didn't live or work in a state in order to not owe them money ? REALLLLLLLLLLY frustrating . 
Yayyyyyyyyy ! I got an email from Alaska today asking for a completed job application and background check authorization ... one step closer to my dream ! YESSSSSSSSS ! 
Does anyone wanna shoot some pool w/me tonight ( or sometime this week) ? I want a break , and I think that'd be fun ! Let me know ASAP ! 
Crap , my dog just ate my phone charger . 
Yum , cream and sugar with a drop of coffee ! 
Suppppppppper tired , blah . 
Somebody please shoot me now ! 
Crud ... locked my stupid keys in my truck at lunch . grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . 
Guess I shall tile now ... blah . 
Happy Mother's Day , Mom , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and all the rest of the moms in my family ! You've all made and raised some beautiful and healthy children that the world is better for ! 
I think I should try to actually finish the application this time so I can join the Peace Corps .! 
Yes !!! I'm finally back to pre-retarded marriage size and my favorite jeans fit again . Yayyyyy !!! 
I am sooooooo psyched ! I got a call from Alaska tonight ... I have a phone interview on Wednesday night !!!! Yayyyyy , I'm SUPER excited !!!! 
My use of exclamation points is out of control , but I just can't stop using them !!! 
Well , I was 1 out of 5 they interviewed for the position ... they kept saying things like ... \you seem like a really good fit\ " and \ " great answer\ " which are usually good signs ... I'll know by early next week at the latest ! Yay !!! " 
I don't wanna work anymore today ... I'm not a fan . I wanna go to Alaska ! 
Does anyone wanna buy a 2010 Worlds/Oceans of Fun Season Pass with parking pass included ? 
No word from Alaska yet ... guess the silence speaks volumes . :( 
Well , starting the raw food lifestyle again ... strawberry breakfast , yum ! 
Yum , blackberry breakfast ! 
Yay , a very successful raw day ! Only cheated with one thing , which is my downfall -- iced tea ! But at least it was only one cup instead of like 3 ! 
Thanks to everyone for all the really nice birthday wishes , etc .! I had a great birthday , and amazingly stuck to my raw lifestyle almost entirely ! Yay for 28 ! 
OMG , I'm going to die of exhaustion from trying to mow down my weedy jungle around my house ... 
Man , when I'm good and stick to the raw food 100% in a day , I feel sooooooo happy and unstressed and energetic . It's amazing ! I had yummy raw crunchy tacos today ... delicious ! 
Wow , I have the worst hangover ever ... raw diet plus a couple long islands = VERY bad idea ! 
Dang , I made a small slice in my pinky when I was washing my food processor tonight . It burns ! 
Woot , Woot ! Today I've been raw vegan for 3 weeks ! I've dropped 12.4 pounds , my cravings for bad food have nearly disappeared , and I'm feeling better everyday ! YAY ! 
3.5 weeks raw ... been tough but getting easier every day ! Looking and feeling great and almost no need for insulin now , YAY ! 
Headed to Iberia for Father's Day ! 
Wowsa , suntanned for about 40 minutes , and I'm about to pass out from heat exhaustion ... no good ! ... then again , how else is my pale body supposed to get it's proper amount of Vitamin D ??? 
I'm so tired today , blah ! 
OMG !!! I just made raw lasagna and raw chocolate mousse with raw whipped vanilla creme and raspberries ... it was OFF THE HOOK delicious !!!!!! I'll post pics in a bit ! 
Yay !!! I got an Asko stackable washer and dryer for $100 today , and a perfectly sized fridge for $125 ! Today was very productive for the house ! 
I've been on a raw food preparing binge ... onion bread , corn tortillas , spaghetti with meatballs , popsicles , strawberry shortcake , stuffed mushrooms , smoothies ... dang ! 
I just realized that my hair has grown quite a bit in the past 4-5 weeks since my last profile pic was taken ... interesting ! I need to get a new profile pic up soon . I've lost about 10 lbs . since that one ... 
OMG , I just washed and dried my first load of laundry in my new ( used ) Asko washer and dryer ... they smell sooooooooooo good !!! Also , made some pretty decent raw \hamburger\ " helper tonight with leftovers ... yum ! " 
Yay ! My raw quinoa sprouted , I made awesome raw flax pancakes with raw blueberry syrup for breakfast that were yummy , and I am dehydrated raw sunburgers and raw onion bread for dinner tonight ! Productive day so far !!! If anyone wants to share any of my delicious raw meals , let me know ! 
Interesting ... made raw vegan clurkey with mashed no t-t aters and gravy . Very interesting combination of ingredients such as pine nuts , cauliflower , carrots , cashews , walnuts , and spices ... the strange thing is it actually tasted like TURKEY , MASHED POTATOES , and GRAVY ! 
I hope my raw eggplant bac-un is done soon ! Yum !!! 
Off to Bliss Fest ... this should be fun ! 
WOWWWW ! This E-B . L . T . A . E-W . is AWESOME ! ( BTW , it's an eggplant-bacun , < PROPFEMALE > , lettuce , tomato , avocado , < PROPMALE > tortilla wrap ... RAW is so great !!! 
my new car is super awesome ! it's a 1987 subaru XT GL , 2wd , standard , 1.8 L . I got it for a great price and it only has 84k original < PROPMALE > on it ! woot ! Thanks Dad for fixing it up for me this weekend ! 
is in a hyperactive mood today ! 
Eww , that was disgusting ... my rib felt tight , so I pushed it back into place and actually felt it move ... ewwwwwww . 
2nd Fun day at the zoo in 2 days ! 
I'm so tired today ... I should probably go to bed ! 
What a gorgeous day in KC !! Unfortunately I have to clean my house ... but at least I got my exhaust completely fixed today in my new ( old ) car !! 
Um , okay then ... uggh . 
Ok , so I was super proud of myself for totally cleaning my house and organizing everything on Saturday , but then I realized as I was laying in bed last night that I apparently threw away two pairs of brand new pants I just bought . Now I'm gonna have to dig through the garbage to find them ... uggggh ! 
has a nice house ( indoor only ) cat that needs a new home . She's a brown tabby that is already spayed and declawed . She does okay with other animals after she has time to get used to them . I saved her from being euthanized a few months ago , but I'm finding it challenging to care for 3 cats . So please let me know if you'd like to have her as your pet ! 
is wondering why my brain now thinks that I have to be awake every weekend morning by 8am ??? Really , brain , I appreciate any extra sleep you would allow me to partake of ! 
Is loving this beautiful , cloudless blue sky this morning ! 
' s nose won't stop running .... ugggggh !! Stupid allergies ( at least I hope that's all it is ) . 
Wow , so I signed up for a full-coverage policy with Geico today for my new ( very old used ) car ... for a $50 deductible on the policy , it's going to only cost me $75/mo . WOOT !!! The other company I was with was charging me $80/mo . for just basic liability ! 
I want to eat everything in site lately .... bleh ! 
Woooooot ! I got an Epic phone today and it's awesome !!!! : -$ 
Another fun day in the neighborhood ... wake me up when it's warm again ! 
OMG ! What is going on in KC today ? End of Dec and I'm in a t-shirt and comfortable outside ! 
Omg , someone please stop me ... I'm on a painting bender ... I can't seem to stop because I'm too excited to see it done ! 
Well , I'm finally calling it a night . The good news is that I've successfully primed all the walls & ceiling with 2 coats of primer and 5 gals was enough . 
OMG , 4x4 is friggen awesome !! 
Bleh , does ayone feel like helping me paint today ? 
2 hrs of sleep last night . This isn't gonna be a fun day ... 
Woot ... I'll be starting as a cocktail server at Ameristar soon for some extra house reno $$ ! 
Yay ! My pellet furnace is finally running correctly ! 
Anyone need a combo ac/heat window unit ? I'm selling my Frigidaire 18500/16000 btu unit for $300/obo . Bought it Dec 2009 fr $600 . Works great and energystar . 
Day 2 back on the raw vegan wagon . 1.2 lbs lost . 
Day 3 raw vegan : - 2.4 lbs . 
Day 4 : - 3.6 lbs\ 
\ 
... odd that each day I've dropped exactly 1.2 lbs 
So just got my phone \fixed\ " by sprint ... I felt totally naked and lost w/o my droid pal for that hour ! And it better work now or else I may kill this thing ! " 
Omg , I am starting to lay my laminate floors and the very first piece has a vent register ... not a good start ! 
Just as I suspected ... not even a drop has fallen here yet ! 
Casino orientation all day ... fun times ! 
I can't seem to motivate to do anything this afternoon ! 
Why is it stop & go traffic on a sat afternoon on I-435 S ?! Come on ppl ... use the gas pedal plz !!!! 
It's days like today that I slightly miss having a landlord ... uggh . 
Freakin huge nightmare .... seriously , wth ? 
< PROPFIRST > daniels with sprite ! 
First night on my own at the casino ... fun times ! My feet now feel like stones attached to my legs ... :( 
I'm lovin ' this awesome weather today ! 
I'm tired but I can't fall asleep . :( bleh ... today was a pretty great day , tho ! 
Why did I take a 2nd job working until 3am ? Seriously , I must have been slightly delusional at the time ... 
X-osted ... bleh . 
So I don't really follow politics , etc , but if planned parenthood offers pregnancy prevention , abortion , etc to low income women , ( cont . on next post ) 
then isn't it only fair for them to also offer fertility treatments for low incme women w/fertility issues on the opposite side of the spectrum ? 
Woot ... another fun night of working ! Please tip the beverage server nearest you ! 
Time to fire up my CAD skills and start this project ... here's to some Heltah Skeltah for motivation ! Bam ! 
Why does youtube hate my phone ?! I can't play any videos on it . Stupid epic is a POS ... I hate you sprint . 
I <3 spring and it's almost here !!! 
For the sake of the kids , please stop allowing them to be chubby and fat . Obesity isn't cute on adults and it'll kill the kids eventually ! Thanks . 
Shopping is an expensive pasttime ! 
Woah , I did a pull up today for the 1st time in my whole life ! 
Omg , I must have just hit a bird or something . I was driving along on I-29 and all of a sudden animal parts were rolling up my windshield ... Sorry little animal 
Mani/pedi time ! 
Nothing says , \I'm not a hobo\ " like clean underwear ! " 
