i don't know about anyone else but i made a few resolutions for the new year . Here they are , 1 . exercise at least once a week , 2 . sleep for a < PROPFEMALE > of 5 hrs a night , 3 . learn to and/or be willing to interact with people , 4 . pass math on the first try , and 5 . spend a least 1 hr a week outside my apartment ( sitting on the front pouch count as being outside ) doing nothing ( yes thinking about HW is doing something ) 

is enjoying a Guinness 
I biked about 35 < PROPMALE > today 
is enjoying the taste of Guinness Beer ( 250 anniversary edition ) 
just finished a 10 hr job in 5 hrs 
I've been wondering , why do people need people ? 
I've got a new nephew 
every time I think I know what it takes to be human I discover another nuance I must learn 
is helping build a play house for JR , should be done tmw 
is starting to assembly a toolbox to take done w/ me to Laramie , so far i have a voltmeter , box cutter , and a tape measure 
To anyone in Laramie , I am getting ready to go apartment hunting there soon and is there anyplace you would recommend 
my feet are bloody sore 
my back is sore , my feet are bloody sore , and i am covered in wood dust but damn i feel good 
Just applied for an apartments with < PROPMALE > Wish us luck 
We just got our apartment and made the first deposit 
10 days until i move to Laramie 
had math test yesterday and had nightmares about trig functions last night 
First snow of the season !!! 
jus got hir by a car , a little sore but that's it 
is enjoying this wonderful shorts weather 
I FINALLY GOT THE INTERNET !!!! 
is missing the time when i did not feel like should take a fist full of asperin after studying math 
if light is both absorbed and emitted by electrons , is the light attracted to the electrons , repelled by the protons , both , or neither ? 
I passed my math test with 12.5 points above the mean and 10 points above the median 
keep on rabbit until the end now keep digging your rabbit holes , for once you done digging that hole the next grave beckon calls 
I am , as they say , not quite human 
I finally signed up for skype 
Just finished watching bride of the reanimator , tmw beyond reanimator 
in casper , can't believe how warm it is here ( 40+ degree F ) 
finished building a three dimenional Chess board ( Raumschach sytle ) now i just need someone to play against 
like any good holiday with the family i gained 10+ lbs in one week 
I need to take a class to learn how to interact and talk with unknown people 
just finished a chem lab final ( i answered all the questions ) in two hrs , now i need something to do to forget all about the test ( thank god i have a PSP ) 
have a family size lasagna and a bottle of wine , i am now ready to study math . the lasagna is to give me energy and the wine to make math understandable 
finished a math final , looking foward to not doing math for a day 
dropping a steel dart on your foot does not hurt as much as you would think 
back in Casper , it's surprising warm here 
I've pass clac I with a ' B ' , WOOHOO !!!! Now on to clac II , ( weep softly ) 
was invited to judge the presentations of two groups of freshmen/sophmores today , it was almost cute the way they stumbled around with the information , almost like new born pups . I'm sure after some ( lot ? ) more practice most of them should be fairly ( partilly ) ready to do decent presentations . 
i need to sign up for one more class to be a full time student , but which class should it be ??? 
I have decided on my spring semester , here are the classes i am going to take : 1 . Calculus II - MATH 2205 . 2 . Ethics for the Computer Professional - COSC 3050 . 3 . Discrete Structures - COSC 2300 . 4 . Introduction to Meteorology - ATSC 2000 . 5 . Introduction to Meteorology lab- ATSC 2000 . 6 . Introduction to Electrical and Computer Engineering - EE 1010 . 
Remember may 25 is towel day 
it's never a good sign when you start losing track of things that are in your own hands 
I will be coming back to Laramie tmw ( ye !!! ) so i can get ready for class on monday ( boo !!! ) 
class in 2 days , nnnnooooooo !!!!!!!! 
school starts again tmw , uugghh ... 
I must becoming my father , I am planning to wake up tmw before 6 am to exercise 
just finished an hour at the gym , had to leave to get ready for school 
i discovered that the 9 math problems i spent 3 hours working on were all completely wrong and i am currently redoing them and discovering all the arithmatic mistakes ( appartently 2+2 does not equal 5 or 0 ) 
forgot to get some bread at albertson's so i had to bake some 
just finished making french toast , now i'm going to enjoy eating them 
has discovered an evil in calculus ( curse you Riemann sums ) , i miss the time in life ( elementary school ) when math made sense 
just made a nice beef stew 
the stew is ready , ( hmmm homemade beef ( ok pork ) stew ) 
i am getting old , i found my fifth white/gey hair 
i finally got a pair of bag gloves , i can try them out tmw at school 
i am finally getting how to work with propositional proof rules 
i find cooking is a great excuse to avoid doing homework 
just spent the last 1.5 hours running IT for my sister 
just finished making Hawaiian meatballs , now i am going to enjoy eating them 
6 word novel death , hate loathing , suffering , pain , joy 
no amount of alcohol can make discrete mathematics understandable 
just watched clockwork orange , seemed like a 1970's british version of the movie natural born killers 
IAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATEIAMNEVERGOINGTOGRADUATE 
listening to Blind Guardian 
the path does not end just because there no more trees 
finally got Dmaths to work properly again 
Just ordered a Zune on Amazon , should be here within a week 
eat too much food to do HW 
I GOT MY ZUNE TODAY !!!!! WOOHOO !!!! 
I cannot beleive how much data i have in music ( 20gb worth ) 
I < PROPMALE > help , appartentlly trignometric substitution for intagrals is not meant for me to understand 
apparently i am not \competent\ " enough to donate plasma " 
some people are racked with modestly , others have body image issues , i am appearently not one of them , I just finished my third modeling session for life drawing II class 
just discovered i have been wear my shirt on backwards the entire day 
blessing of the day : may you die with a sword in your hand and a knife at your throat 
diff eq , you are the bane of my existance 
since when did interesting mean extremely difficult to impossible to do 
lear < PROPMALE > something new today , that batteries set in parallel increase the amps and batteries set in series increases the voltage , now all i need is a 12V+ DC regulator , switch and an empty altoids container i be all set for my < PROPMALE > project 
I love my expo markers 
if knowledge is a is power and ingorence is a bliss then the utterly powerless are the happiest people of all . 
This is going to be the month of hell 
in 30 < PROPFEMALE > two days until temperary hair removal 
preparing dinner : meatloaf , potatos , and peas 
procrastination is the sign of an active mind 
if i have learned anything from my math classes , it is this : i am never going to graduate 
Mathematik ist nicht nachvollziehbar 
welcome to dying :-) 
it is surprisingly hard to find a cheap summer cargo vest . 
and then there was silence 
Time , what is time 
just realized that i have a 250 word abstract to write on \file sharing and intellectual property\ " for tomorrow " 
WOOHOO , I just discover my abstract isn't due until next week , but i only have three week on the paper , ( NNNNOOOOO !!!!!! :'( ) 
it's offical , i'm never going to get my degree , because i can never pass linear algerbra , because i will not be allowed to take clac III which is because I'm never going to pass clacII 
I FINALLY GOT MY VEST !!!!! 
have abstract 250 word ( easy ) to write but i am completely unmotivated ( easy => hard ) 
sanity only hinders mathematical understanding 
math is slowly driving me insane for ... math wishes to destroy my mind because ... math desires me destruction and ... math will not cease until ... math has destroyed my mind but ... math has my sanity now and ... math will try to make me destroy myself , for ... math wishes to take all that I am and now ... math has left me nothing because ... math has destroyed me .................... 
finally finished my abstract 
WOOHOO , i just proved that sum from i = 1 to m+1 of i^3 =((( m+1)((m+1)+1))/2)^2 holds for all natural < PROPFIRST > 
I went with < PROPMALE > to < PROPMALE > Flea market and got a new \toy \"" 
COSC 2300 homework backlog update : 7/11 completed 
hit the 25 hour < PROPFIRST > and still going strong 
i just passed the 32 hr < PROPFIRST > 
1/4 < PROPFEMALE > left , but i am all worded out 
FINISHED !!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > and Cheese with extra cheese , sardines and pineapple 
i am back ... 
3 A's , 1D , 1F 
aaarrrggghhh ... my external HDD crashed and i can't get it to mount 
Number of work study jobs : 118 jobs with 231 openings\ 
Number of non-work study jobs : 5 jobs with 16 openings , wait , now 15 
he's the boy with the broken brain\ 
Not insane but never happy 
just had a 3 hr , 13 < PROPFEMALE > bike ride 
I just noticed there is a Spanish only channel \ 
but there are no other channels for any other foreign languages ( no \ 
< PROPMALE > , Italian , French , Chinese , etc ... ) 
Just finished watching Pan's Labyrinth 
Religion is like Linux , there are many different flavors , there are endless agruements about which one is right andsome end as a flame war , and they are mostly based off the same kernal 
just got back my first Stats , despite my best efforts i got 20/21 
Oh how i love my blower fan ... 
the white hairs in my mustache are white because they turned white , not because they were sun-bleached 
i recently found a quote that is quite true : \Every time i walk into a math class a small part \ 
I have a job interview tomorrow , WOOHOO !!!!! 
I did not get the job 
woohoo i i finally got my bracelets and collar back ( thank you < PROPFEMALE > ) 
I have revived my SD card . 
I PASSED MY STATS COURSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
interesting fact : at an elevation of 7163 feet ( 2183m ) water in Laramie boils at 198 °F ( 92 °C ) not 212 °F ( 100 °C ) 
HEUTE IST DER DONNERSTAG !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Damn my dog are sore 
Just ( at 15:45 , Saturday ) finished helping move people into the dorms and now i am looking forward to a restful night sleep 
used computer power transformer's make excellent door stops 
the secret in the battle between good and evil is that there is no good or evil 
why do most modern male pop singers sound either they are eunuchs or have never reached puberty 
To all who claim that I am scary to you I respond ' thank you ' 
abandon all hope , ye who enter math . Pie Jesu Domine , < PROPFEMALE > eis requiem ( NOT a translation of the first part ) 
i just had a 200+ < PROPFEMALE > reading assignment for network and i was given only 5 days to do it 
I like my music like how i like my coffee , good and thick . Thin music just makes one < PROPFEMALE > to remove their ear drums with a dull and < PROPMALE > spork 
my peppers are finally beginning to < PROPMALE > 
the rise of nations is power to fools 
why does the death a 19 year old freshmen who is a football player get a lot more attention the an then a associate professor who worked in the History Department for 19 years ( how many of you have heard of the football player's death before the associate professor's) ? 
8.24.010 Generally . \ 
\ 
No person shall spit upon any public sidewalk or upon the floor of any theater , hall , assembly room or public building . 
Uhr , was ist Uhr 
i just realized something , we are in an infinite state of motion without being able to move 
just realize that in the past three days i got between 6-8 hours of sleep total 
just finished 6 hour karate session ( thank God for NSAID's ) 
Lord , < PROPMALE > me the mercy of thy aspirin 
the playstation move looks like a ripoff of the nintendo wii 
hates it when the teacher's assigns homework that's due on wednesday for material that you won't learn until friday 
homework or jacket repair ... i chose jacket repair 
When , in disgrace with fortune and men's eyes , \ 
I all alone beweep my outcast state 
Ich hörte das sagen , dass sich als\ 
Herausforderer einzeln mühten : Hildebrand und Hadubrand zwischen\ 
zwei Heeren . 
deep fried pig skins , oh how good you taste 
Math is proof that mathematicians dislike people 
mathematics is my inferno 
Ich hörte das sagen , \ 
dass sich als Herausforderer einzeln mühten :\ 
Hildebrand und Hadubrand zwischen zwei Heeren . 
101101:45 
ich nicht sprecht mathematiks , frau Professor 
Can't sleep , mathematics will get me 
beauty is the light that shines in the dark but can only be seen by the damned 
my mind is set aflame with the ringing of the bell\ 
and with the greatest of the dead we all shall go to hell 
you all missed an interesting movie tonight , it reminded my of the dragonlance series 
remember the lesson of bacon and eggs : the chicken contributed by the pig was committed 
is it just me or are the school years getting shorter 
the needs of the many outweight the needs of the few , unless of course you are in the few :D 
Waits at the window , Wearing a face that she keeps in a jar by the door . 
pie jesu domine , < PROPFEMALE > miserete intellectus 
good safe treat , i only made one kid cry 
insanity is the burden we all must bare\ 
in order to understand the math we all must know 
Ich hast getränkt saki , habe du ? 
just got my hub now i can streamline my improv dock to two connections ( down from 5 ) 
pop music : \Pop music ( a term that originally derives from an abbreviation of\ 
Dimmu Borgir's newest album Abrahadabra , is an excellent of Symphonic black metal 
i just realized something , from profile while sitting on a throne with a skull on my knee , i can be somewhat intimidating 
after giving it much thought I have come to one conclusion , that is I am not human just humanoid 
I tink it is funny that people are getting mad about calling illegal immigrents illegal immigrents 
that's what the minstrel sing\ 
join in the horrible screams\ 
take part in murderous deeds\ 
reowned be the lion-hearted\ 
join in the minstrel sing\ 
wailing in endless grief\ 
it eagerly longs for more\ 
broken bodies lay on the ground 
\Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun . \"" 
if a picture is worth a thousand words , then how many words are there in a 90 minute movie ? 
Based on preliminary calculations i will be traveling about 17/4 < PROPMALE > average every workday during the spring semester 
Wikipedia stated that “The < PROPFIRST > Shepard and < PROPFIRST > Byrd , Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act became law , and it expanded the definition of federal hate crime to include those violent crimes in which the victim is selected due to their disability . ” Does this mean that homosexuality is considered a disability ? 
Truck would not start , not sure in the battery was low or too cold , I am currently trying warm the battery inside my apartment 
if you are going to waste time , you might as will do it by doing something important 
tonight , is a good night for meatloaf 
i am humanoid but i cannot say i am human 
liberté , Égalité , fraternité ... ou la mort 
By the pricking of my thumbs , something wicked this way comes . 
remember : 4^3 = 8^2 
\In the middle of the road of my life I awoke in the dark wood where the true way was wholly lost \"" 
trying some new music , from a < PROPMALE > band called wolfchant 
name this song :\ 
\Now we are here 
don't you hate it when you accidentally burn the hairs off the back of your fingers 
i love this warm weather , almost makes me sad that all my classes are indoors 
I just got my zune 80 today 
just earned 25$ helping a person from the church move 
2 down 1 < PROPFEMALE > to go 
just finished repairing adapter cord of the transformer to my laptop 
needed to write 3 complete pages , ended up with 5 changed font , and finish with 4 complete pages 
I just realized , I look good in a collar 
I now know how to tie a 4 in hand , Half-Windsor , and Windsor knots for ties 
