I know this is late but Happy New Year everyone ... rawr 

I'm getting old ... lol :) 
Completely burnt to the point where I'm almost another race 
Work for the first 30-45 minutes wasn't so great :/ 
I'm through with sunburns ! My back is black and white for f*cks sake ! 
yay my internet is more stable :) 
tired from the events of the day 
what one finds to be ignorance is wisdom for another 
having a hard time cleaning up the poison after being attacked by a religious fanatic 
working on a house in the Sims 2 to upload to MTS :) 
Hey who wants to know a secret ? 
Feeling a bit sentimental 
oh homo sapiens 
eating some cherries :) 
needs a back massage 
had the most beautiful experience with mother nature today :) 
Had the most beautiful experience with mother nature yesterday , I meant 
in sirius pain ; could die , you know 
grr friend faq deleted 2 brand new answers ... :( 
I need a brand new boyfriend 
New boyfriend = the old back off ... lol 
what's on your mind ? 
Oh do I love to challenge people ... :) 
my gosh it surprises me how many peeps are on at 1 in the morning 
stepped on a < PROPFEMALE > and got stung ! 
I love nature 
An it harm none , do what you will 
don't you know who I am ? I'm the Jaggernaut , b*tch ! 
getting annoyed with facebook clearing conversations without permission 
in Philly with my cousins :) 
Get some ice for that burn 
Back to Buffalo after NYC :) 
learning from the ignorance of others 
people can just kiss my @$$ ! 
Life really can't get much better for me right now :) 
;) 
Yeee haw ! 
learning about the less commonly known aspects of life 
people and their poor code of morals DISGUST me 
I feel like crying right now 
reading some REALLY interesting stuff 
reading about various shtuff 
loves puppies that wake her up using creative matters 
I wish people would realize that the world isn't about sunshine and puppies ; life isn't all light and cute . There's dark and ugly , too 
what do you think is more important : following the rules or doing the right thing ? 
has realized people are more important than ambition 
wow I just realized something disturbingly true 
One question , one < PROPMALE > , one honest answer . You can ask me one question ( TO MY INBOX ) . Any question , anything no matter how crazy , dirty or wrong it is . No catch . But I dare you to post this on your status and see what people ask you !... 
through the clouds I see love shine It keeps me warm as life grows colder In my life theres been heartache and pain I dont know if I can face it again Cant stop now , Ive traveled so far To change this lonely life I wanna know what love is I want you to sh 
Yeah get to finally meet them :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Rrrrrroar ! 
GOOGLY BEAR ! 
People and their superficial ways . How ... disappointing . 
Why do they use sterilized needles for lethal injections ? 
Why is there Braille on drive-up ATMs ? 
What is the difference between rules and the right thing ? 
If someone who lives in a mobile home was under house arrest , couldn't they just go where they wanted ? 
Modeling 
Wow I realized something very intruiging 
Learning is the examination and search for truth and knowledge but education will often leave you with anothers prejudiced view , obsolete view or the view they want you to have which may have nothing to do with what is right or true ! 
I feel like debating about philosophies :P 
sometimes no tail is better than with a tail 
finished watching The Green Mile 
What do you call a person who claims to be a hero but is deceptive and is secretly a villian ? 
Wow so apparently I'm not-so intelligent , heartless , emotionless , selfish , narcissist , uncaring , and a joke 
I wished for it and it happened ; it hurt of course , but I finally got it out of ' em 
Modeling < PROPFEMALE > 
What is the difference between intelligence and knowledge ? 
ha ha 2 petty arguments happened at work : one about religion and one about custody 
becoming informed 
talking with awesome peeps :) 
The more you know , the more you realize how little you truly know 
Enjoyed a nice day by the pool with a < PROPFIRST>'s . Just like old times , minus the < PROPFIRST>'s 
oh wow my boss really can't be rational with her fellow employees . 
I SO feel like venting right now ! 
Is there a law stating you can't kidnap your sister and shake some sense into her ? 
there is no such thing as a system or idea that is both fair AND equal 
Why has Friend FAQ been down for a week ? 
Would you rather be knowledgeable or wise ? 
Why do they say sleep like a baby ? Babies don't sleep well . They should say sleep like a teenager ! 
Family reunion soon ftw :) 
Why are people afraid to question others ? 
Gah just woke up and now I'm eating :P 
Dealing with a mischievous baby sister 
watched Stargate the first 
If there's one thing , there's another . If there's one way , there's another . If something exists somewhere , it doesn't exist elsewhere . Balance is pretty damn hard to deny 
Oh wow I found the funniest saying today : \Boring sex makes boring kids \"." 
is pondering 
Hmm I'm going to make my own home-made dream book . It'd be kewl to publish it one day but IDK if that can happen :/ 
What if I told you I want to write a book on dream interpretation ? 
Tell me a bed time story ! * Stares at you with big , sparkly eyes while holding a < PROPMALE > bear and sitting up under the blankets * . Please ? 
wants to write a book of some sort ... :P 
Baby sister is putting her head on me and sleeping :) 
Amazed at how thick the rain is . Blessed be everyone ! 
Puppies are just like children after all 
Why do people find that questioning authority is such a bad thing ? 
Why do people call their sweethearts \baby \"?" 
What if I told you I want to name a girl Apple ? 
is wondering if I'm meant to be a fan of < PROPFIRST > Wood , Jr. because the suggestion comes up everytime I return to this home < PROPFEMALE > ... :P 
Is it paranoia to have healthy skepticism about people and have them earn your trust ? 
Why is it that men can have sex with several women and be congradulated for it , while women who have sex with a few men are called sluts , whores , etc .? Why can't women have as much pleasure in life as men can ? 
Power hunger , vengeance , and fear are the key ingredients for the most horrific acts 
has chosen the higher road ; the road of embrace 
telling a good friend of mine a bedtime story about a < PROPMALE > and a < PROPMALE > ss 
School tomorrow :) 
School from 1 to 225 then 7 to 955 :) 
Philosophy from 7 to 955 :) Yes I've been waiting for this class !!!!! 
\A wizard never arrives late ; he arrives precisely when he means to \"" 
Yay my philosophy professor said I have traits of a scholar :) 
Asking questions is to have an independent mind , a mind willing to learn ; having an independent mind is ultimately keeping our youth 
Been lucky enough to walk amongst the rain on this day with < PROPFEMALE > . Blessed be ! 
We can truly love others only if we truly love who we are 
The eyes truly are the windows to the one that lies within us all 
If people here in < PROPFEMALE > are so worried about staying young , why is it that a good lot of them are afraid to ask questions ? 
Math from 1- 2:25 . Ordering books from Amazon was a wise move ... :) 
Gah damn schedule's screwy . Need to go fix it ... :P 
Gahh I have class at 830 and can't sleep . Fantastic :P 
Loving the < PROPFEMALE > fly trap :) 
Why do people say \that's gay\ " instead of saying \ " that's stupid\ " or something else ? " 
What would you do if you have a thing for someone but are too shy to tell them ? What about if you are afraid of what could happen if you decide to be with someone ? 
Why do we have such incompetent fools running around the world ? People who cannot see the big picture . 
Spa day for me :) 
you can't ride two horses with one ass , sugarbean 
Class from 1 to 2:25 :) 
I love how people say everything these days causes disease , raises the chances of disease , or is just bad for you . Yet they have NO real evidence to back up their statements 
Why is a geometric < PROPFEMALE > shapped differently from a < PROPFEMALE > in outer space ? 
Why do we drive on parkways while we park on driveways ? 
Luck streak is striking me again :P 
\God helps them that help themselves . \"- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > I'd love to say that to so many people in this world " 
We do not find great inventions ; we discover them 
is stranded at school for another hour ... :P 
It is only with both the mind and heart being harmoniously balanced that we are able to truly develop . 
Laptop DVD players that play the Sims 2 but not DVDs ?! Wtf mate 
Twin power ... :) 
\Let her go . \ " \ " Hmm ... very poor choice of words . \"" 
Rawr 
Some of the worst things imaginable have been done with the best intention 
It is our choices that show what we truly are , far more than our abilities . 
:'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( 
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere . The pessimist sees only the red light . But the truly wise person is color blind . 
is drawing :) 
finally got new pictures 
can't believe I knocked over my lamp at 2 in the morning ... sigh that would totally happen to me ... lmao 
URGENT !! Apparently the FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all your friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly 
it is interesting how people with the weakest bodies have the most powerful minds 
Philosophy ... Yes !!!!! 
Rawr I'm happy I finally have a car ... ^-^ 
Ha ha I got one of < PROPFEMALE>'s attacks on camera ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhW1GMtV9uA 
10 minute break from political science ... :) 
sees the big picture 
Have you ever been so into your own thoughts that you forget the world around you ? And when someone tries to snap you back to reality , you get really pissed ? 
Is life just a dream we're meant to interpret and learn from after \physical\ " death ? How do we know what is real and what could be ? Is life just a question and death an answer ? " 
Why is porn legal but not prostitution ? 
Got something to complain about ? Write it down on a sheet of paper , fold it up , and shove it up your ass . Got a problem you need to resolve ? Write it down on a sheet of paper , fold it up , and shove it up your ass . 
He loves me ( pulls flower petal ) , he loves me not ( pulls flower petal ) ... * pulls flower petal * He loves me ! 
Har har road test is today and totally nervous 
Bitches , I passed the road test , no points deducted ! 
Who , while being loved , is poor ? 
To be your friend was all I ever wanted ; to be your lover was all I ever dreamed 
WOW 2 hours to cut the effin ' grass ! 
Something very extraordinary happened on the 6th of May , 1978 at 12:34 am . What was it ? 
Only your real friends tell you when your face is dirty . 
Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life . 
Why have problems when you can have solutions ? 
Infatuation barely ever waits ; love will wait for only so long ; but true love will wait as long as it needs 
Inventions aren't made ; they are discovered . Great people aren't found ; they are discovered . We don't fall in love ; we grow into love . 
My home is not a place , it is people . ~ < PROPFEMALE > McMaster Bujold 
feels like the world's stupidest person right now 
Man fml . I've gone under the whole world for real this time 
feels quite loved ... ^-^ 
YIPEE !!!!! 
Distance and time make the heart grow fonder 
Anyone can be passionate , but it takes real lovers to be silly . 
http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20091005/sc_nm/us_italy_shroud 
Making music backwards in my new lovely sound editing program 
Any songs you want mixed ? 
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education . 
Loves the rejuvenation the earth gets from the rain . Rain is so full of life 
When children say there's a monster under their bed or they have an imaginary friend , what are they really seeing ? 
Yeah how do you simplify complex fractions ? 
is very happy her boyfriend is so loving and willing to help :) 
Man is born free , and everywhere he is in chains 
Had a very strange experience on this fateful day 
has a lot on her mind she wants to say 
Another hour and a half at school .... ahhh ! 
in a very happy mood because today was very nice ... :) 
All life should live its own lives 
Beauty is not a physical thing but rather an emotion felt within our hearts and minds . 
Listening to the demon theme song from Fantasia . How much cooler can I possibly get ? 
unthinking respect of authority is the truth's greatest enemy 
The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn . ” 
Yay I get to see < PROPMALE > ... ^-^ 
:) :) :) :) :) 
God go f*ck up my life some more why don't you ? 
is utterly appalled at people who insult their own blood and jump to unreasonable conclusions 
When the heart grieves over what it has lost , the spirit rejoices over what it has left . 
Our knowledge can only be finite , while our ignorance must necessarily be infinite . 
19 :) 
is worried about some people she cares about very much 
can't wait until tomorrow :) 
This is my simple religion . There is no need for < PROPFEMALE > s ; no need for complicated philosophy . Our own brain , our own heart is our < PROPFEMALE > ; the philosophy is kindness . 
Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence ; he is just using his memory . - < PROPMALE > da Vinci 
If you resist reading what you disagree with , how will you ever acquire deeper insights into what you believe ? The things most worth reading are precisely those that challenge our convictions . 
Is very happy because she had an awesome day :) 
For every action , there is an equal and opposite reaction 
Limitations live only in our minds . But if we use our imaginations , our possibilities become limitless . 
I'm cold and I am shamed , Lying naked on the floor , Illusion never changed , Into something real , I'm wide awake and I can see the perfect sky is torn , You're a little late , I'm already torn 
Waiting for tonight , oh ... When you would be here in my arms , Waiting for tonight , oh ... I've dreamed of this love for so long 
had an awesome day 
Sometimes it hurts for me to breathe and I suffocate when I do ; sometimes it stings for me to walk because I’m walking on needles ; sometimes it tears me up to touch because I’m scraping myself with knives ; sometimes it hurts to open my eyes and when I do I often cry . 
sadly disappointed in the ways of people 
Just LOVES how people think praying solves everything 
HOW is it possible that I have 94 friends and I have over 8600 comments and 330 likes on a post ? I'm not even friends with any of these people who are commenting ... lmao 
WHY is it that when people talk about something that happened to them and they somehow make it about themselves ? 
is rather freightened over what COULD've happened in the past 
The hands that help are better far than lips that pray . 
The hands that help are far betterf than lips that pray . 
Had probably THE best weekend ever ! :) 
There are no difficult students - just students who don't want to do it your way 
The defiance of established authority , religious and secular , social and political , as a world-wide phenomenon may well one day be accounted the outstanding event of the last decade . 
You cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they could do for themselves 
You represent everything I hate so I do everything you hate ; in return , you give me what I hate most 
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing , the rest is mere sheep-herding . 
Rawr online registration's a pain ! 
Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority 
I don't care how I look today because I know I'll look better tomorrow 
emo ftl 
Sunday is my favorite day of the week 
still waters run deep 
When one doesn't have love , it is seen as a cruel , bitter thing ; when one does has love , it is the kindest , most beautiful thing ever . 
press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . Put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down ... then the circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > ( IT TOTALLY WORKS ) 
Why can't society consist of united individuals , instead of separated conformists ? 
Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school . 
whoever thought painting could be such a pain ? 
what in this world isn't meant to be questioned ? 
Ha ha watching Religulous in Political Science ... < PROPMALE > you would LOVE this movie . 
Don't you just love the people who think that they can say whatever they want to you AND yet expect you to do favors for them anyways ? 
Does anyone want to go to my 5 hour long < PROPMALE > class for me ? 
is going to start working out again 
< PROPFIRST > Salazar thank you for introducing to me the one song that reminds me of who I am :) 
Yay I had a very nice day today :) 
I woke up this morning feeling as though I'm the world's ugliest person but throughout the day I have been presented w the conclusion that I'm definitely otherwise 
Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for Nature and admit that Jesus is not their Savior ... We need to get Nature back in < PROPFEMALE > 
Our life is an apprenticeship to the truth that around every circle another can be drawn ; that there is no end in nature , but every end is a beginning , and under every deep a lower deep opens . 
In the arms of an Angel , fly away from here From this dark , cold hotel room , and the endlessness that you fear You are pulled from the wreckage of your silent reverie You're in the arms of an Angel ; may you find some comfort here 
Is amazed at things anyone can find out if they just ask instead of just wonder 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Blessed be everyone and have a wonderful day :) 
Why can't you take a turkey to church ? Because they use such FOWL language 
I've waited all my life to cross this line to the only thing thats true so I will not hide i'ts time to try anything to be with you all my life I've waited this is true 
I've waited all my life to cross this line to the only thing thats true so I will not hide it's time to try anything to be with you all my life I've waited this is true 
“Love is missing someone whenever you're apart , but somehow feeling warm inside because you're close in heart . ” 
Is very excited bc she had an awesome dream about being a mad scientist ! 
Is finally done with a VERY importanto essay . 
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight . 
Nature does not hate me after all 
whoever said < PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch is wrong 
it feels REALLY fantastic when a puzzle that's gone unsolved and has been nagging at you forever is finally solved and is no longer nagging 
Whew no more school after next saturday ... 
Who here thinks that infatuation equals cooties ? 
The man chooses the virgin over the temptress . 
I LOVE YOU TRAPEZOID ! 
is the world complicated or what ? 
asdlfkjwoeigjasdcfc nfdbxdfhjtuttsd fljweauytysdf 
whoever thought rewritting math problems can be stressful ? Ha ha it's bringing back memories of frustration ! :/ 
circle , circle / fire , fire / now your shot will never expire 
Instead of fearing what one has , one should treasure what they have . 
Instead of fearing of losing what one has , one should treasure what they have . 
Love is much like a wild < PROPFEMALE > , beautiful and calm , but willing to draw blood in its defense . 
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful , but she is beautiful because you love her 
When I saw you , I was afraid to meet you ... When I met you , I was afraid to kiss you ... When I kissed you , I was afraid to love you ... Now that I love you , I'm afraid to lose you . 
had an awesome day :) 
\Is this dark alley taken ? \"" 
You give an angel heaven 
Facebook = failbook ? 
WOW apparently there's a lot of effort put into certain scams 
Why did the boyscout get kicked out of his troop ? 
needs help 
My baby girl's sick :/ 
peace plz come and rescue me 
Take me away A million < PROPMALE > away from here Take me away Find a place for you and me You're taking me higher High as I could be Take me away Forever you and me Take me away ! 
oh yeah guess who's free from war ?! 
Winter break ftw anyone ? 
As usual I had a fantastic day :) 
is happy < PROPMALE > came to visit her :) 
I met your children . Oh oh . What did you tell them ? Video killed the radio < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Don't be afraid to be weak Don't be too proud to be strong Just look into your heart my friend That will be the return to yourself The return to innocence 
gah sick ftl 
Blue < PROPFEMALE > on Dec 31 :) 
is it strange to get an adrenaline rush while you're sick ? 
Everyone who tells younger kids < PROPFEMALE > Clause exists , why do you tell them that ? 
Why do people lie to kids by telling them that < PROPFEMALE > Clause exists ? 
Does oppressing people/strict control equal anarchy ? 
How do you get rid of impulses you've had for years , so they no longer hinder ? 
is lost and is unsure what to do 
Had an awesome day with her < PROPMALE > charming yesterday , got a 3.5 gpa report card , and arguments w loved ones has settled . Life is going nicely :) 
just made Chansey fly away in super smash bros :) 
playing hide and seek with < PROPFEMALE > ... rawr how fun ! :) 
is looking forward to an awesome day 
Get to wake up X-mas morning w my baby girl next to me . What a wonderful X-mas present from her :) 
< PROPFEMALE > X-mas everybody :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :) 
I'm a nobody , nobody is perfect , and therefore I'm perfect . 
A great day w my sweetheart as usual :) 
Cogito ergo sum 
got to see Avatar in IMAX 3D , < PROPMALE > out at Twelve Oaks with awesome people and had one on one time with my sweetheart . How perfect is that ? 
I love how prescription drugs fix one problem and creates a new one 
just made her own salad dressing using herbs , pressed garlic , oil and vinegar ! 
NO my pup is ill . No food for her for 24 hours 
Is what we're experiencing real and not just imagined ? Are we just a brain-in-the-vat ? 
White 
It wasn't the airplanes . It was beauty killed the beast . 
I'm thinking of going into something medicinal or whatnot . I'd really like to just pick apart your brain 
Do you consider yourself a realist or an idealist ? 
Life sucks when your bad moods keep you up at night 
' s legs hurt from working out today . Those squats gah ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Lauth RE-POST : Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made the channel 4 news tonight . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > B Kolman foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall if you participated 
not feeling so hot today :/ 
I know where you live 
\Life will find a way . \"- Dr. < PROPMALE > " 
My room's alive again ! 
? Loneliness is such a sad affair And I can hardly wait to be with you again What to say to make you come again ?? 
have you ever wanted something so much you had no idea what to say or do when you finally got it ? 
is pissed beyond belief 
is trying to determine what nationality she looks the most like ... ha ha 
Alright I am in this really awesome mood right now quite frankly . I have a boyfriend who loves me , a dad who hands me sherbert without asking ( one of my favorite treats now ) , loving family , and life is wonderful . 
is thinking about possible scenarios that are profoundly depressing in order to be able to reconcile w myself better in the case that the scenarios or something similar happens in the future . 
now thanks to me thinking about lots of depressing things , being yelled at and getting into arguments , my day shall end on a wonderful note . Good night to you all . 
getting bored at school . A few more hours :/ 
already can't stand her sociology professor ... lol 
got done w dog duty ... :P 
interview tomorrow at 545 :) 
ha ha keeps forgetting class room < PROPFIRST > ... lmao 
is tired from a long day 
headache ftl 
At my sweetheart's house , waiting for my food and to watch What Lies Beneath :) 
is yay employed :D 
Does it annoy anyone else how our gov't helps out other countries , yet it fails to serve its own people who actually give them their source of income ? Why can't the government help its own people , seeing we're paying them to help us ? 
Why is love so difficult ? 
life is a roller coaster 
Who HONESTLY believes December 21 2012 is Doomsday ? 
ok there are a few interesting definitions for my name according to urbandictionary.com: 1 . The most amazing person you will ever meet . A bit sarcastic but mosly lovable ! If you don't know her too bad ! the ppl who have met her are extremely lucky ! And you should never push her away . A lil bitchy at times but who's not ! ( That's right ) 
Don't treat her the way you'd treat a goddess you put up on a pedestal ; treat her how you'd treat a bratty little sister you adore . 
is hyped about seeing her sweetie tomorrow :D 
is drawing a blank 
does anyone else have yet to see the new facebook home < PROPFEMALE > design ? 
at school until 530 . Yikes ! 
brainstorming ideas for blogging articles ^-^ 
Misses her sweet heart 
wants to make homemade shampoo and conditioner 
Muaha ha ha ha ha ha NO school today . Can you believe 666 schools in < PROPMALE > COUNTY are closed today ? 
Is it normal for your own dog to ding < PROPFIRST > ditch your house ? 
watching 24 with < PROPFEMALE > and mother , who is now officially obsessed with 24 ... she finally understands :) 
gnihtyrevetakcusiodyhw ? 
? Who can say where the road goes , Where the day flows ? Only time ... And who can say if your love grows , As your heart chose ? Only time ...? 
? ? In celebration of < PROPFIRST>'s Day , post a picture of you and your significant other as your profile pic for the next week . Post this as a status update and leave a comment stating how long you've been together ! ? ? 
Got the Windows XP Product Key Number for the desktop ... on the side of the computer ! 
has a crazy pup trying to attack her !!!!!!! 
This day is going rather swell for me so far . English was an attendance only class ( review day for essay structure ftw ) , woke up feeling in an AWESOME mood , I get to relax for a couple hours before psych class , and I also get to talk to my sweetheart when he gets online :D 
is twitterpated 
I fell asleep to a nightmare , then I woke up from a wonderful dream 
Does anyone else's dog break into their rooms and then wake them up at 740 in the morning ? 
is w her sweetheart :D 
is in some sort of funk for some reason :/ 
seriously thought she was delusional when she discovered school's closed for the second time 
has decided on getting ahead in school , sharpening her math , and improving on her Risk playing skills so she can beat her sweetheart independently ! ;) 
Alright does it bother ANYONE else to see school textbooks act as propaganda for larger political organizations ? 
is doing quite well in Risk ... Idk < PROPMALE > you might have some serious competition for Risk now : -* 
oh the things people do for love and reactions ... lol 
?? This morning I woke up with this feeling I didn't know how to deal with And so I just decided to myself I'd hide it to myself and never talk about it And didn't I go and shout it When you walked into the room . \I think I love you ! \"??" 
is going to watch Fox and the Hound ... :D 
the pup is sleeping next to me ( her head resting on my leg ) , I'm talking to my sweetheart , the only thing that is missing is him next to me . Otherwise , I'd be all set :) 
it's too bad my sweetheart couldn't come here today but at least he will be coming tomorrow afternoon :D 
can't wait to see her sweetie :D 
????? 
????? he he just a few more hours and my sweetie pie will be hurr :D :) : -* ????? 
is worried about her sweetheart driving home late :/ He left about 30 < PROPFEMALE > ago but I'm hoping he stays awake behind the wheel 
BOO I know where y'all live 
is thinking about her sweetheart and is looking at her pup trying to fall asleep on the couch in the library 
is tired and can't wait until she gets home today 
isn't it ironic how the minor things become such a huge deal , while the bigger things are downplayed to be something less ? 
it is time to let go of the roots and let those wings grow ! 
ok clearly something is wrong with aim . First it doesn't work on my computer . Aim express also happens to not work . WTF is going on here ? 
I cannot stay angry at you bc when I look at you my soul settles ; when you hold me my body calms ; and when you kiss me my heart melts 
is sincerely hoping her sweetie finishes his work so she can stay at his house for 2 nights ! :D 
yay , hurray , pink elephants on parade , I get to spend tomorrow , Friday , AND Saturday with my sweetheart ! 
Hey guess what ? I get to see my boyfriend for today , Friday , and Saturday ! YAAAAY ! 
why did the chicken cross the road ? Because he's chicken , duh ! 
:D 
damn it's a small world after all 
Ellie : this one girl from my hs has to plug her nose when she drinks water bc she can't stand the lack of taste ... now that makes me lmao Marcus : um .. then dont drink water ? WAIT THATS STUPID Too cute sweetheart : -* 
Regina : Ma'am , do you have this in the next size up ? Saleslady : Sorry , we only < PROPFEMALE > sizes 1 , 3 , and 5 . You could try Sears . Gotta love Mean Girls ... lmao 
is team leader for her Eng 119 debate team :D 
?? And I want to thank you for giving me the best day of my life , And oh , just to be with you is having the best day of my life .?? 
After I'm done doing sociology notes , I'm taking < PROPFEMALE > for a w-a-l-k . 
Story of my life happened today 
Marcus : its a fact imo . Too cute 
puppy is snoring on the couch 
is wondering whether to bathe < PROPFEMALE > or not 
nice and clean puppy :D 
I am afraid to look in the mirror because I fear what I might see 
wonders what would happen if she were to be stranded on an island for 3 years and to return home to nothing ? Castaway :D 
Is it weird to anyone else that I learned how to sew from my boyfriend ? lol love ya sweetie 
says < PROPFEMALE > is a BAD baby ! 
kicked some serious ass in Risk 
I want today to be over already :/ 
Who thinks facebook is way better than myspace ? 
Tila < PROPFEMALE > is adopting a baby ? That's going to be real interesting ... ha ha 
muah ha ha ha Fri July 31 , 2009 , 9:03 pm : Yeah get to finally meet them :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is waiting 
loves it when certain people LOCK ME AND < PROPFEMALE > OUT ha ha 
Survey : what was the best prank you've pulled off ever ? 
Survey : what was the best prank you've EVER pulled off ? 
First day of work went well :D 
is FURIOUS ! 
is just a little creeped bc someone may have been following her home for a while :/ 
omg fake antimalware program ftl ... 
Screw Windows XP Antimalware , aka fake antimalware ... grrr 
YES finally got rid of this dumb virus ... Thank you < PROPMALE > Kisielewski : -* ily ! 
I was getting pretty upset w Risk earlier ; however , things turned out VERY unexpectedly for the best game 3 . All 3 games were wins and all 3 were new char I needed to defeat to get new items . Happy much ? :D 
Great now this country's going to hell w healthcare 
declares black labrador puppies named < PROPFEMALE > are nuts ! 
whew got a whole lot of stuff on Risk now :D 
My weekend had a bit of a rough start BUT it turned out to be very wonderful . I love you < PROPMALE > Kisielewski SO much :D 
oh screw it I'm playing some sims 2 before sociology here ... ha ha . got a lot of spare time on my hands here bc of a test last class :D 
is happy she got to see her sweetie :D 
' s day has been made after seeing her sweetie at his school :) 
there is no fury like the scorn of a woman 
does anyone else sometimes hate being who they are ? 
trying to take a nap 
Every time I'm telling secrets I remember how it used to be And I realized how much I miss you And I realize how it feels to be free Now I see I'm up to no good ( no , no , no ) And I wanna start again Can't remember when I felt good ( baby ) 
ok I've been on facebook this morning and just now . Instead of going on about 500 times today , I was on just twice . Accomplishment ftw anyone ? 
went to Kohl's today and after Mom and I left , I discovered that we were charged for the same item twice . The girl scanned the shoes FOUR times bc the scanner was supposedly sensitive and deleted the item only twice . So we had to go back to customer service bc the retard girl can't do her job right . Oh yeah , we also got charged 5 bucks less than normal for a pair of shoes ( bc that's what the box was labeled as ) :) 
wants to make floor plans for the sims 2 . obsessed much ? 
is at lunch break and is thinking about her sweetheart A LOT :D 
is NOT feeling it today 
wants to make her own artwork for her room :D 
is anyone sweet enough to have paper < PROPFIRST > 64 music on their ipod ? 
no facebook for a week . think I can do it ? 
alright I changed my plan . facebook for ONCE a day for a whole week . that's going to be a challenge lol 
first thing I did when I got home was play outside w < PROPFEMALE > for 20 minutes . Awesome much ? 
HA HA < PROPFEMALE > tried stealing a beer this morning , so then I gave her a speech about how she's too young to drink :) 
whew it's been a long week and here I am up at 430 and counting down the hours until I'm leaving for my < PROPFEMALE>'s house , which should be in about 5.5 hours . SO I ought to fall asleep ASAP . Isn't seeing your < PROPFEMALE > at the end of the week the best way to end the week EVER !? : -* love ya < PROPMALE > Kisielewski 
decisions , decisions 
. 
http://bit.ly/aTXQ8S 
ok so Arizona doesn't want anymore illegal immigrants . If you have American ID , what's the big deal about showing that ? They're not asking people to chop their hands off or anything crazy . oh ppl http://bit.ly/aTXQ8S 
http://bit.ly/d0O535 WOW seriously !? 
seriously ? WOW is all I have to say about people right now . 
ha ha just saw an advertisement about laser hair removal that said \Never Shave Again\ " featuring a woman getting her < PROPFEMALE > done . " 
paid my license plate renewal fee , get to see my sweetie , gave < PROPFEMALE > a bath . yay got some stuff out of the way :D 
ugh life got a little difficult :/ 
you don't always have to have tiramisu for dessert ; sometimes a good ol ' chocolate chip cookie will do the trick . 
fun times at work today :D a really cute puppy came into work today :) 
Because when I arrive I , I'll bring the fire . Make you come alive I can take you higher What is this , forgot ? I must now remind you , let it rock , let it rock , let it rock ! 
did a lot of learning today at work :D 
na na nah boo boo you can't get me ! 
GAH I swear .... 
one more final .... ONE MORE AND I'M DONE !!!! :D 
FINALLY LET SUMMER VACA BEGIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
car getting fixed up , being loved by the baby , and seeing my < PROPFEMALE > soon . great way to start summer vaca :D 
is feeling happy bc she saw her sweetheart . love ya < PROPMALE > Kisielewski 
gets to work tomorrow BUT gets to see her sweetheart Sunday :) 
yay package arrived today for me :) 
grooming < PROPFEMALE > , seeing my < PROPFEMALE > , possibly a fire in the backyard during the evening w my sweetie and siblings . sounds like a good sunday plan to me :) 
can't stand losing , ESPECIALLY when I have no idea to whom I'm losing on EBAY :/ ha ha ha ha ha 
is going to go out and tan :D 
got herself a purdy good tan today :) 
tgis tomorrow ... lol 
' s mood has been set to a very good one , as she helped a disabled man load his cabinet into his trunk + got 5 bucks for it :) 
had a FANTASTIC weekend with her sweetie ; got to spend time w him and his buddies at the park for a few hours , despite the peeps at BK giving me the wrong milk shake flavor bc the machine supposedly \makes them like that\ " ( thx again Darling for the milkshake : -* ) and getting a little sick from eating chips and doughnuts ; AND got to ride a motorcycle for the first time in her life with her < PROPFEMALE>'s dad :D " 
is spending good quality time with < PROPFEMALE > and the beautiful outdoors 
has a long day tomorrow 
got home from an awesome week in North < PROPFEMALE > with my sweetheart and his family :D 
is mopping the nasty-looking hardwood floors . Gah how do wives who stay at home full time do it ? 
possibly going to baseball game tonight with mom and dad :D 
decided to go to the Tigers game tonight :D 
ROAR Tigers beat the Pirates . Fun times :) RAWR Go Tigers ! 
has been introduced to Conquer by my < PROPFEMALE > . I am now getting obsessed with this game . thanks < PROPMALE > Kisielewski lol 
is it just me or is google every computer user's best friend ? 
Has anyone else ever wanted to be a super hero ? Even as an adult ? If so , what kind of super hero do/did you aspire to be ? 
“The tigers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction . ” ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
I held an injured bird this morning . It was quite saddening to see it in such pain and being in shock ; the poor thing didn't want me to let it go ( its foot kept grasping onto my right pinky as I was going to put it down ) 
Not everything that works is functional 
WOOT :D 
is just a little shocked that the trampoline is trashed and on the neighbor's lawn ( barely not touching the window ! ) 
\It's bad ! \ " \ " But you like it \"" 
yay it's < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday :D 
What is your definition of what a real leader is ? 
boo summer's coming to an end :/ had a wonderful time w my boyfriend this weekend however :D 
one day I swear bugs will end up dominating earth . Think about it : they have very large populations , reproduce fast , develop resistance to many different pesticides , take away a lot of other species ' source of food ( ex . killing off birch trees ) , and can eat just about anything ! My vote is that spiders are going to end up becoming the masterminds and are the dominant species . :D 
Playin w new phone :) 
God what a freaking day . Car breaks down at home , a little hectic at work , working for 11 hours , didn't get the most awesome sleep time in . Just so lovely lol :P 
Ppl seem to really know how to push my buttons 
WOW I woke up at literally 2 today . 
Is seriously bored while waiting for her 11:30 class to start 
sometimes wonders about the fate of the human race 
Woot , recently got done putting away groceries . Don't I feel so old now ? 
is enjoying herself with her sweetie :D 
has had a very good day hanging out with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > ( ha ha , Triple M ) . Happy one year < PROPMALE > ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > 
gah gotta hate some teachers . not all but just the ones that suck < PROPMALE > @$$ 
RAWR 
3 more days ! 
Thank you everyone for your birthday wishes !! :D 
BOO ! 
does anyone else have a dog that likes to take your side of the bed ? 
http://www.farmingtonindependent.com/event/videos/\ 
Football flies backwards due to wind XD 
Finally , < PROPFEMALE>'s been groomed and bathed . 
today I watched < PROPFEMALE>'s hunt for a spider end because the spider's sharp legs and its bite got to < PROPFEMALE > . She gave up eventually bc she was frustrated about spitting it out from it . It was a little bit saddening for me to see , especially from her quitting :( 
6 academic sources on a 3 < PROPFEMALE > essay about a specific moment = f-ed up combination anyone ? 
Has anyone else ever struggled to open a Bath and Body Works soap or lotion dispenser ? 
LONG and sh ! tty @$$ night . I seriously do NOT wanna talk about it tomorrow XD lmao 
< PROPMALE > : I don't even think you've ever made a joke , Mom . \ 
< PROPMALE>' mom : I made you , didn't I ? 
? I don't want to wait\ 
\ 
For our lives to be over\ 
Will it be yes or will it be\ 
Sorry ? 
damnit I lost my phone while visiting my boyfriend . fml 
okay I was getting really upset about the phone I thought I lost when it was in my hoodie pocket the entire time . I feel so smart now 
Yay I'm so proud of myself for a great start tonight on the ability to not care what morons think of me :D 
happy thanksgiving every1 :D 
te he he he he I had fun driving home from < PROPMALE > Kisielewski's house :) of course , spending time w him was the funnest part of all ;) I Wuvs You < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
came home for lunch hoping I'll feel better only to notice the table lamp smashed on the ground . Special stuff XD 
thinks Shell gas stations are a bunch of scamming con artists . I swear , they put 2.76 on the sign for CASH but no if you pay with your debit card OUTSIDE only , you'll get charged the same amount as you would if you used a credit card . Idc about the small money difference , I care about the misleading nature behind that price sign they put on their per gallon signs XD 
HATES how the new profile looks 
Winter break , winter break , WINTER BREAK STARTS TODAY FOR ME !!!!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
says goodbye to longer hair ... and hello hair at the neckline :D 
< PROPMALE > Kisielewski : no sleepy poo for you yet . its too early\ 
Weirdo boyfriend XD 
got A LOT better grades than I expected and got to see my one and only < PROPMALE > Kisielewski today . what a glorious day for me :D 
is considering making < PROPFEMALE > a facebook < PROPFEMALE > or even a fan < PROPFEMALE > :D 
I witnessed a freak accident this afternoon in the warehouse at work . Thank God or pure luck or whatever it is that caused me to be on the other side of the rack because if I was not where I was when I was , who knows where I'd be right now 
woot to first rebirth on conquer online 2.0 :D 
Breaking a bad habit is simple : just drop it :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas every :D 
let the party begin ! 
Do you truly hate anyone ? 
woke up at 2 in the morning next to her sweetie pie yesterday and realized she fell asleep a little more than an hour before the start of the new year XD a great start to a new year :D 
just realized she spent most of her weekend off the computer ftw :D 
is exciteded for Puerto < PROPMALE > in the next month :D 
had a very fun time playing with a young toddler today :) 
enjoyed watching The < PROPFEMALE > Compass :D 
what an interesting day XD 
is watching Wrong Turn 3 w the cutest dog ever ! 
ahhhhh 3 weeks from now I'll be laying on the beach in Puerto < PROPMALE > :D 
had a lovely day w my lovely sweetheart :D 
why is it that my dog can't possibly be any cuter when she's sleeping while under my favorite blanket ? 
what a day .... XD 
fml not taking math for over a year really bit me in the ass ! 
I am so in love with google right now !!!!!!!!!! 
and I was getting upset about my math professor posting the rest of the math homework 2 days before it's due .... until I realized the due date changed from the 25th to the 31st :D 
loves her dear sweetheart < PROPMALE > Kisielewski :D 
\I told you kids to stay out of my butt ! \ " is it just me or is that quote incredibly wrong to put in a kids movie ? " 
So apparently \I\ " have been putting something on people's face book walls about a status update that got some idiot girl expelled from school . I didn't do it people ! Don't click XD " 
loves her handsome , lovely < PROPMALE > Kisielewski SOOOOOOOO much :D 
what is freedom ? Is it being able to do as one pleases without being held accountable ? Is it being independent but choosing what responsibilities to have ? What is freedom to you ? 
school is cancelled for tonight and all of tomorrow . :D 
is thoroughly enjoying her time here at the W in Vieques :D 
is wondering why she's returning to the snow in Michigan from the clear blue waters in Puerto < PROPMALE > :/ 
Someone PLEASE tell me what's wrong with this picture : yesterday morning I was in beautiful 80 degree weather where the ocean waters are CLEAR , the legal drinking age is 18 , people brought you your food and alcohol while sunbathing by the pool . \ 
This morning , I'm at home not feeling so hot , it's 15 degrees outside , the drinking age is 21 , and I have to get basically everything myself . 
Is bored to death wondering when the hell class is actually gonna get rollin ' ... lol 
is absolutely ecstatic about her new computer :D 
he he he time to cause mischief directed at my cute boyfriend :D 
no class for me tonight :) 
< PROPFIRST > Wazowski !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Boo ! 
took her sweetheart out for a nice lunch :D 
ugh ...................... whatever 
woot 6 gb of ram ... too cool for words ! 
Why are people under the impression being demanding is better than being polite when it comes to favors not requirements ? 
:/ 
can't wait until she can harass her boyfriend to death :D 
Wow women actually take a pregnancy test and post a video of it online ? Why am I shocked again ? LMFAO 
How is it that when I need to pull over because I'm having car troubles , the one place I end up pulling into is a strip bar ? 
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS EVERYONE !!!!!! :D 
finds it funny how she used to dislike eating food but now LOVES to eat :) 
had her first encounter with a door to door preacher today 
is very sad her Shamu doll was thrown away bc < PROPFEMALE > destroyed him :'( 
When will it end ? 
is excited about planning her camping trip to Cranberry Lake :D 
is very happy her sweetheart got her a replacement Shamu as a surprise gift :) 
4 more days until I am camping and making s'mores w my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Hoppy Easter everyone :) 
is excited for camping tomorrow ! 
had a great time camping w < PROPMALE > Kisielewski this weekend . Ily baby :D 
isn't it sad how quickly people fall down and become exactly what they hate the most ? 
< PROPMALE > Kisielewski is a munch ! 
is uploading pictures of her camping trip :D 
So as I was tagging photos of me and < PROPMALE > Kisielewski , I noticed that Facebook automatically tagged 2 photos of < PROPMALE > . The problem ? Facebook tagged those 2 photos as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dowhan . Put that in the Failbook log :) 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > be SO fascinated by her new fish :) 
had a wuvely weekend w my < PROPFEMALE > munch :) 
says her painting is looking awesssssssome so far 
watched < PROPFEMALE > run away from everyone after she stole $100 from Mom 
Ha ha ha ha we're all still alive :) 
A crazy lunatic walked in with a toddler in his underwear and started screaming at my mom and I , calling us dumb b --- hes . What is this world coming to ? 
UGH why are ppl such pieces of s**t ? 
Why do people believe they do not have the choice to \know better \"?" 
why ? why me ? why not someone else ? 
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAVE POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL 
Cant do this anymore ........ Just cant live like this anymore . 
do it nice or do it twice 
I am SO happy I became a sheets snob . Went from average to soft sandpaper sheets ( did NOT dare to put on my bed ) to amazingly soft sheets :) \ 
Am pretty excited about awesome sheets , not gonna lie :) 
had a wuvely time at her sweetheart's house :) 
\You look like a unicorn . \ " Thanks < PROPFIRST > for such a lovely compliment . " 
I am glad I have been able to help good people by doing a simple act of kindness 
There's no use crying over spilled milk but there is when you're crying over spilled beer 
was surpriseded by her sweetheart spontaneously coming over last night . :) 
shopping for a new car with lower mileage and isn't too old for a good price is harder than I thought it would be ! XD 
I have never been so horrified with our government or other people in such a long time up until tonight . Where is our world heading to ? Where is civilization ? 
* sigh * 
loves sticking her feet in cold water after a long day . so refreshing ! :) 
I just left a comment in \Moms Who Nag Kids Create Picky Eaters\ " http://fyre.it/s1v " 
I just left a comment in \Why Farm Kids Don't Have Allergies But City Kids Do\ " http://fyre.it/s1B " 
Sooooooo .... Does anyone know of anyone selling a RELIABLE car with less than 100k < PROPMALE > for 5 grand or less ? 
When I look into your eyes , I see the end of happiness and of life . 
Happy 4th everyone :) 
Why is it that it seems like no matter what I say or do , at the end of the day I am a villian in your eyes ? 
oh to just sit down and relax :) 
If you have a dog or had a dog who has made you laugh , brightened your life and every day , silently accepted your tears without judgment , snuggled with you , forgiven your faults and loved you unconditionally ... make this your status . Dogs are a gift most of us don't deserve . Re-post this if you share or shared your life with an amazing dog ? \ 
. //^ ^\\\\\ 
(/ (_•_) \\) \ 
. _/''*''\\_\ 
(,,,) ^ (,,,) 
went to go test drive a car and the owner did not consider to call me and say they'll be an HOUR late . Furthermore , they were not apologetic when they told me and that it wouldn't work . Outrageous . 
new car . yay :) 
Sometimes it is hard for me to believe how incredibly idiotic people from my generation are XD 
I love my Saturn Vue ........ I really do . Finally got the sucker registered under my name ( for once ) . And I'm getting a customized plate ( Bellie ) :D 
had a WONDERFUL weekend with my sweetheart , which includes having delicious meals cooked for me , getting massages , going out to dinner , and also cleaning my car inside and going to a car wash :D 
LOVES her new < PROPFEMALE > XPS 8300 :D 
if you knew what was truly lurking beneath , you wouldn't dare to take for granted the little you see on the surface . 
saved a bunch of money on a new car cd player capable of playing mp3/ipods . How ? By getting a modulator that lets you play music off your mp3 or ipod via radio signal ... all for under 5 bucks . Works pretty damn good too . Thanks < PROPMALE > Kisielewski for helping me save a lot of money :) 
gets to drive about 200 < PROPMALE > total over the next couple days for work . sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet ........... ha ha 
doesn't wanna take college algebra but has to ...... help ! 
does it make ANY sense that a 320gb hard drive is LESS than a 250gb hard drive ( for a < PROPFEMALE > laptop) ? The only thing that makes sense to me is to upgrade to the 320 for less :) 
never thought checking jobs could be this fun . I think < PROPFEMALE > Miller- < PROPMALE > would be proud of me :) 
Had a great time ¡ the beach all day w my < PROPFEMALE > and his bestie . Now going to eat ¡ red lobster and see HP in theatres w my baby :) 
wow was today annoying as hell 
fear makes people act irrationally 
yay laptop is fixed :) 
somewhat fixed my internet signal . instead of one or 2 bars , it's not 2 or 3 bars , sometimes 4 :) solution : moving the computer to the other side of the room 
WOW .... lightning almost struck my house earlier .... the thunder was extremely loud XD 
has had a wonderful weekend with her sweetie pie :) 
I seriously hate being teamed up with stupid noobs on games XD 
it's weally dawrk and scawy outside :/ 
I've been practicing math for the last 2 hours and stopped because my hand now hurts XD 
had a wonderful , fun weekend with her sweetie pie :) 
has a new printer :) 
Lack of preparation on your part does not constitute urgency on my part . 
is feeling somewhat evil atm . 
grrrr , people leave me alone unless you're important to me ( and your problems are miraculously important to me too) ! 
< PROPMALE > Ruelle , I blame YOU for getting me obsessed with Kingdoms of Camelot ! 
http://autos.yahoo.com/news/traffic-light-camera-scam-steals-your-identity.html 
has learned what her problem with math is ( and no , it isn't the inability to do math ) :D 
lmao gotta love people who claim you are ksing over 1 kill in a bot game ha ha ha 
7 days .... :) 
always good to play a game before work/school and win :) 
5 more days .... :D 
?? The trouble with girls is is never enough\ 
They love to complain and they never shut up\ 
They like to tell you the way it ought to be\ 
Go on and tell the world but just don't tell me ? \ 
? The bitch came back the very next day\ 
Oh , the bitch came back , I thought she was a goner\ 
But , the bitch came back , she couldn't stay away\ 
Don't you know the bitch came back ??? 
