hates packing , moving , and goodbyes . 

is going to use her blowtorch to kill every last bug in her house !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has recently found out there there are like twenty dive shops in Phoenix . 
has recently found out that there are like twenty dive shops in Phoenix . Amaaaaazing ! 
ROAD TRIP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just had the best homemade pancakes in the world !!! 
is a monk-ninja of the space-time continuum . Fear my non-violent nature !!!! 
if I see another flower , I swear I might vomit non-stop . 
just found out that Cruella Devil has a twitter account . hehe , this could be fun . 
has just found out that her sister < PROPFEMALE > , who she thought loved her , has dropped her as a friend . This is after Zac , the brother she thought loved her , dropped her as well . What could have possibly swayed them to stray from the path of all that is good ? What path do they travel now where they would willingly choose to be without me ? Where are they ? I don't know . Are they dead ? To me they are . 
has to remember to log out from her facebook from now on . 
says her flower painting is finito and man ( add full body snap ) it's dang good . 
Just realized I have seven paintings to do in eight weeks plus three collages to finish for her young woman in excellence . I'm going to have a rough two months . 
And so the end begins . 
half a painting down , 5.5 to go . 
loves her amazing brother < PROPMALE > to death !!!!! 
has got two homecoming dance tickets on sale for thirty dollars or free to the first person who asks me to the dance . 
has got two Red Mountain Homecoming tickets for sale for $30 ! That's right save $10 ! 
sorry guys , they've been sold . 
I still don't feel like I'm eighteen . 
wish she had a bedazzler . 
loves her brother < PROPMALE > to death !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
okay , so I just realized that I take a lot of photos of myself . I mean it's uncanny how narcisisstic I am . And yet I'm not completely ashamed of it either . 
is uh stoked for tonights play . How ' bout you ? 
is perturbed with < PROPMALE > who managed to eat seven of her brushes and a tube of paint . 
is looking up the symbolism of birds and loves loves loves Kings of < PROPFIRST > ! 
screw the bird , how ' bout a nice tree ? 
ugh ... there's not enough time ! 
is heading out to paint . 
my blood still runs blue and orange . 
showing my portfolio to some colleges , wish me luck ! 
I LOVE CHEESE ! I LOVE IT SOOOOOOOO MUCH !!!! HAHAHAHA ESPECIALLY GOUDA CHEESE ! I REALLY NEED SOME CHEESE RIGHT NOW !! 
loves her amazing little brother < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
ONE SEMESTER LEFT AND THEN I'M FREEEEEEEEEEEEE ! 
When I grow up I want to be just like Miley < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
Egyptian Rat Screw !! What's wrong with post mortem education ? 
Dry hands , plentiful papercuts , a throbbing headache , and a new urge to organize everything in sight . Guess what my new job is . 
is working on a super-duper-oober-don't-tell-your-mother secret project . 
Okay I'm planning on going skydiving for graduation celebration , however I'm having trouble finding anybody willing to go skydiving AND pay the 200 dollars for it . Anyone out there willing to do both ? 
seriously , noone wants to go skydiving ? 
Ras to the < PROPFIRST > . BBBBBLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
/highschool escape artist/ < PROPFIRST > Bond's secret weapon/ Mother of < PROPMALE > / < PROPFEMALE > Knight sound-alike/ full-time chauffeur/ westwood warrior . 
just realized she ends up cooking whenever she has friends over . 
Should've graduated last year . Should've graduated last year . Should've graduated last year . 
Sweating in her new Harvard sweater from her beautiful , handsome , kind , generous older brother while she learns she was accepted to ASU . Irony much . 
You know , telling me to get off , somehow only makes me want to stay on longer . 
just finished practicing some Green Day songs on my ukulele , surprisingly it's sounding really good . 
Left her backpack at work . \\n 
Yo , hit me up . http://formspring.me/roxannew22 
23K teachers were given pink slips in CA and 17K in IL . NJ and FL are cutting teacher jobs and reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers , with whom we entrust to help raise our kids , are not valued . In honor of all teachers , copy and paste this into your status 
Apart of the nnn . 
loves her little brother who is very sexy !!!!!!!!! 
doesn't love her brother as much as her other status sounds . 
' s four year old cousin singing Phantom of the Opera songs at the top of her lungs in a very public park made her day . 
So the US Government decided to give me a nice graduation gift . The gift of jury duty . 
Age old question but still challenging to answer every time : Chicken or Beef ? 
can tell this is going to be a very very good day . 
My dog's sick again . A little worried tonight . 
Toughest week of my life is over . I'm going to graduate ! lol ! 
does a pretty good zz top impression . 
and so it begins . 
ah the conversations you overhear at the movie theatre . 
Anakin Skywalker displays 6 out of 9 borderline personality criteria . So say psychiatrists . 
Got caught in a traffic jam on the 60 in a vehicle with no air conditioning . Smart < PROPFEMALE > . Real smart . 
Everytime I watch the third episode of < PROPFEMALE > wars I always pray for Annakin to choose the good side , and I always BAWWWLLL LIKE A BABY every time he doesn't . 
Ever been so tired you got a headache and then the headache was so bad you couldn't get to sleep ? 
Ugh kill me now . 
is in a movie theatre waiting to watch eclipse while listening to one of her favorite classical pieces . 
R2-D2 is my co-pilot 
is hanging out with her best friend ever ! < PROPFIRST > Singer !!! 
its raining ! < PROPFEMALE > is so lucky ! \\n 
ah ... < PROPFIRST > Beiber . Nuff said . 
Does anyone else think that their shoes limit their thinking process ? I paint , play music ( even at church ) , work ( secretly ) , even drive with my shoes off . 
Nothing in life is to be feared . It is only to be understood . - < PROPFEMALE > Curie 
Snowflake here we come ! 
Mud-bogging ! 
I hate banks . 
got back from an amazing year at girl's camp only to find my sister packing some of my stuff out of my closet to help me \move out quicker\ " . I think she's more excited for me to move out than I am . " 
Just found out that my twenty-three year old brother has a < PROPFIRST > Bieber station on his pandora account . :) I knew we were related . Love you Zac ! 
and so move-out week begins . 
I got a raise , donated blood , and got my hair done , by far one of my better days . 
I hate goodbyes ! I think i'm going to have a nice cry right now . 
Twice in one month ... oy .... and still going strong . 
Ten hours . 
Two hours ! 
All unpacked ! I love my dorm ! 
First day of classes ! 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Now back to yours . Now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . Back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like ! Anything's possible when your status resembles old spice ads . 
My room is slowly deteriorating . 
Organ lessons ! Yay ! 
Misses someone like crazy ! 
okay ... so apparently after midnight none of the guys in my hall like to wear pants to the bathroom , and seeing as my dorm is right next to the guys bathroom I must say I get a pretty nice view . Not that it's pretty or nice . 
Just saw a man riding the horses of the spirit statue in front of the business college . I'm not one for \riding\ " public property but man ... this man was inspiring . " 
saw a guy riding a bike and smoking a cigarette . I mean really ? Other than the obvious health hazards the poor guy could choke on the stupid thing . 
killed all the men in my dream ... again ... I've uh ... I've got some issues . 
Finished a 4 < PROPFEMALE > essay in under 18 hours ! Boo Yah ! 
QK <- It's a ninja . 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Asksomething I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing aboutyou . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to repost this . GO !!! 
had the best sleep of her life ! 
Well , that wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be . 
needs a bat . These mosquitoes .... 
Is it weird that the only thing that's been able to calm me down is watching old x-files reruns ? 
I have charcoal in my eyeball . :( 
Deep breaths ... hoooooo ... heeeeee ... hooooooo ... heeeeee ... hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ... heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ... 
I love the letter a . 
needs her new phone !!! Current phone is going < PROPFEMALE > on her . 
