Trying to figure her new facenook account . 

Trying to figure out her new facebook account 
Just got back from a sleepover 
Reading the mortal instuments series 
Wants starbucks REALLY badly ! 
is ready to sit down and read ! 
Hoping the rain will come back tomorrow when she doesn't want to make smores ! 
Thinking about taking the shuttle to the mall and pet store 
Just livin ' Life 
Watchin my bros while my sis is out on her birthday dinner with my parents ! 
Got back from a wedding and am getting ready to babysit in about 2 hours 
is bracing herself to go to the orthodontist 
Is trying really hard to forget the pain of her new rubberbands and reading Nightmare Academy 
Babysitting my bros and about to make dinner ... hmmm ... what's something soft that they would want ? 
Is wishing her sis a happy bday ! 
Caught my sister in the act of lie !!!!! So mad at her !!! 
Is soooo tired after the sleepover at the hotel last night .... Zzzzzzz 
Is looking forward to a relaxing day reading 
Getting ready to facepaint at a party with my mom today . Should be fun and busy ! 
Just wasting time until I go to church 
Hanging out with a little girl and having fun . Annelise 
Waiting to see if I can go play 4-square with all my buds ! 
Is getting ready to go to my grandma's house for a couple of days 
Is waiting for her sis and grandma to come back with pizza and a movie .... Mmmm ... 
Just got done taking her bros to the founders day picnic at the park 
My stomach hurts . Never drinking a < PROPFEMALE > limeade again ! 
is really tired after facepainting nonstop for 5 hours ! 
Celebrating my mom's bday today ! 
Is so tired ! 
Taming my new bird ! So far we've gotten past the biting stage ! 
Going to church today ! 
is relaxing after cleaning somebody else's house 
is listening to her bird try to talk 
is not happy right now because pandora is telling her she can't listen to it for the rest of the month until she pays $0.99 . :-( 
Enjoyed horseback riding this morning 
Is freezing cold in July ! 
Just found a salamander in my backyard . Trying to figure out how to take care of it 
Wants reeses really bad right now 
Is getting ready to go to church 
Going to a pool party later . Getting together with the Washington DC people . Should be fun . 
Just got back from the pool party . It was fun . Didn't actually go swimming though 
Just ate some homemade pancakes ! Yum ! 
is bored and doesn't know what to do . Any ideas ? 
Ever so slowly uploading pictures of my drawings from my phone 
Isn't feeling so great 
doesn't know what to write for her status . Hmmm ... 
Is frustrated with her sister right now . 
Just found a dead mouse in the basement dead on a trap . The worst part is , she was giving birth and one of the babies is still alive ! :-( 
I leave the radio on for my parakeet on for my parakeet and he talks , well he just started impersonating < PROPMALE > from WayFM ! 
Is catching up with facebook after months of neglect 
Busy day ! Two carnivals in one day , face painting for hours on end , and now I've got to go to the CV play ! 
Just got back from dress shopping . Scored ! Beautiful white dress for $8 ! 
is craving yet another cup of chai tea 
Just finished with homework ! 
About to go to a rockies game ! 
Is not feeling so great but is very happy that she finally met her book < PROPMALE > ! 
is lost in her own little world right now 
Relaxing while my mommy paints my nails for homecoming 
had an amazing time at homecoming last night ! 
Homework , homework , and oh yeah , more homework ! Ughhhhhhhh ! 
I am so gonna ace the final in Humanities tomorrow ! 
Is happy finals are halfway over ! 
Isn't feeling too great ... oh gosh 
Is not feeling good at all . To add to that , I am not very happy because I didn't get to debate today after mom felt my forehead ! 
Fever broke ! So happy ! 
Is absolutely loving the trim of frost on the orange , yellow and red leaves ! So pretty ! 
Is seriously craving pizza ... Mmmm ... 
is disappointed that she doesn't get to see her buddies at church 
AHHHHHHH !!!! Lord of the Flies is the worst book ever ! 
Just got home from game night with the youth group ! Soooo fun ! 
Is ready for Friday to come around so I can go to Cazomel ! Ok , so speak up now if you want me to pack you in my suitcase cause I've got limited space ! :-) 
Couldn't live without music 
Had fun with my book < PROPMALE > . Excitement is building for Cazomel ! 
Cozumel was amazing , tons of bugs but amazing ! 
Had fun shopping around in downtown Castle Rock with my Best Friend ! We went to the library , Scoreboard Pizzeria , Dazbog Coffee , Mountain Man(Tried ) , The horse store(I forget what it's really called but it's a big white and blue building ) , and The Barn . Tons of fun ! 
Wonders what would happen if I hired two private investigators to follow each other around .... 
Looking into a missions trip for over the summer ! I'm thinking Mexico , Jamaica , or some other random place that's cheap and not halfway across the world ... 
I have more energy than I can remember having since I was 6 !!!!!!!! Woooo hooooo !!!!!!!!!!! 
Had the wierdest dream last night ! I was walking on a beach collecting conch shells , I mean they were everywhere , and then I walked under an arch and a giant snake came down and strangled me ! It was terrible ! 
Hoping that by some slight < PROPMALE > we won't have school tomorrow : -I 
Has decided that she likes the rhythm to Jordin Sparks ' One Step at a Time 
Day before halloween and I don't even know what I'm going to be ... any ideas ? 
BEAUTIFUL sunset right now ! 
Came up with a costume last minute .... I was Tinkerbell and my wings kept hitting people . It got to the point where I was backing off of people's doorways making the back up beeping sound and calling out \WING HAZARD !!! \ " Haha good times . " 
Praise the Lord in the good times , in the bad times , and every time you just aren't sure what to do ! 
So life isn't perfect , but griping isn't gonna make it any better . DO something about it . To start with , pray . 
I must say that I love S.O.D.A. lol . It's the name of our youth group and it's really fun ! We got to eat scoreboard pizza today and talked with the pastor . If anybody wants to come just let me know and I will hook you up with some FUN !!!! 
Loving Relient K christmas carols . I don't care if it's November ! :-) 
I gave my mom control of my hair . She just left to pick up the boys from something and we're 5 minutes into the cut and so far she's taken off at least 3 inches . I'm scared . 
Worst internet conncection ever !!! Keeps breaking up . I wouldn't be surprised if the computer just gives up the fight before I finish texting this ! 
I have plans with my friends every day this weekend . Wow . This should be interesting seeing < PROPFEMALE > twice , Will thrice , < PROPFIRST > an undetermined number of times and other people to add ! 
For those of you whose < PROPFIRST > I don't have , I WOULD like them no matter who you are . You are included . That means you . What's your number person ? 
Ok , I have randomly decided that I am going on a facebook strike for a month because it's slightly addicting and honestly it is not helping with school hehe so I'll be back in a month or so , < PROPFEMALE > don't you dare get ahead of me in Restauraunt City ! That's why I need your guy's < PROPFIRST > so that I can text you ! 303-548-4996 ! 
I'm back !!! 
Learning CPR tomorrow , not looking forward to going mouth to mouth with a mannequin that smells and tests really bad yet again ......... 
They laugh because I'm different . I laugh because they're the same . :-) 
I performed surgery on a penguin today . His face fell off . We did what we could but he's not the same :-) 
I know karate And like two other Japanese words ! 
Yeah I'm short . It's not my fault gravity prefers me . Be very Jealous . :-) 
Can't wait for tonight ! Going to the mall on a scavenger hunt . P.S. If anybody knows any twins tell them to come to the mall so that we can get the extra credit ! 
OK , so I have a theory . So < PROPFIRST > sparkles , and he doesn't kill things . I've decided that he isn't a vampire , he's a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The Big Bang Theory ? God spoke and BANG it happened . 
The person who assosciated sunshine with happiness has obviously never danced in the rain 
I dream of a better tomorrow where chickens can cross roads without having their motives questioned :-) 
I DO have superpowers . I just don't want to show you ... 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! Hey , write something you're thankful for below that you've never told anybody you were thankful for ! 
I had such a good dream last night ! It will be a great story ! Wait till I turn it into a book ! 
is wondering if it's me or does the word \Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia\ " seem ironic been that it is the fear of long words !!! " 
Of course I'm out of my mind ! It's dark and scary in there ! 
Cathryn : \Miranda stop talking to your imaginary friend ! \ " Me : \ " I'm SORRY ! I have problems ! \ " Aimee : \ " I can't believe she makes us save a seat for her at lunch ! I mean seriously ! \ " Bea : \ " I'll SIT on her ! \ " Haha good times guys " 
Faith is not believing that God CAN but knowing that God WILL 
When you think you're screwed , remember we're all on a big wet floating ball in the dark . 
If people were meant to pop out of bed we'd all sleep in toasters .... 
Just to let you all know , I LOVE polar bears . Yes < PROPFEMALE > , I really do . 
Dear Children , We have run out of < PROPFIRST > Cullens . Love < PROPFEMALE > 
Jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the way ! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
its a beautiful day !! 
So I got left for my debate yesterday at 6:15 AM , they had already left without me when we got to the school so my mom had to drive me all the way up to Chatfield . My partner rocked and I totally brought her down . We didn't have a case until 20 minutes before it started and one of the judges totally hated me ! 
Be a fruit loop in a world full of cheerios :-) 
I'd stop eating chocolate but I'm no quitter :-) 
Is extraordinarily frustrated that she tear a stupid piece of tape !!! 
Finds it amazing how many letters there are in the longest word in the english language . Anybody got a guess ? 
Places to go : 1 . ) Narnia 2 . ) Camelot 3 . ) Middle Earth 
Where is crazy and why am I driving mommy there ? 
I'm sorry , I don't come with an off button . 
I DO know it all .... I just can't remember it all at once 
Operation \This Will Most Likely End Badly\ " Is a go " 
You were born an orginal , don't die a copy ! 
Why are there no FAT stick people ???? 
Can't find a tutor for math :-( 
Irony : The opposite of wrinkly 
Just got back from scoreboard pizzeria my fave place to < PROPFEMALE > out only to come back and do homework :-p Guess you live with what you got 
Has a random urge to sing campfire songs ... I blame < PROPFEMALE > 
Never be afraid to to try something new . After all , It was amateurs who built the ark , it was professionals who built the titanic 
Don't forget to SMILE !!! 
Reduce sin Reuse faith Recycle love 
Supercalifrajelisticexpialidoscious : The thing to say when there is nothing else to say . 
Pray like your life depends on it . Because it does . 
Going caroling !!!!!!! :-) 
1+1+1 = 1 It's a God Thing 
Me duele mi estomaga !!! 
Dear God , Thank You . Love Me 
Hehe :-) 
Keep your head in the clouds and you feet on the ground 
A little faith goes a long way 
Finished another amazing book ! 
Hey satan , God called . He wants his sheep back . 
May God bless all of my precious friends :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! And a happy new year ! 
is amazed at how different Christmas seemed when I was a little girl but now it seems like another day with family , the Christmas story , and presents . 
Spent the day at CHUCKIE CHEESES yesterday ! It was awesome haha . Happy b-day my two awesome brothers ! And before < PROPFEMALE > posts anything wierd , yes I did lick her shoe . 
It's another brother's birthday today . Happy b-day Keegan ! 
When the devil knocks on your door just say , \Jesus can ya get that ? \"" 
\ ... Shall we accept good from the Lord and not bad ? \ " Job 2:10 " 
Pray for the strength and take a leap of faith 
Gotta love KJ-52 ! 
\The Lord will fight for you ; you need only be still . \ " Exodus 14:14 " 
Finally gets to meet her two year old cousin !!! 
So do not fear , for I am with you ; do not be dismayed , for I am your God . I will strengthen you and help you ; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand . 
\Don't tell me that the sky is the limit when I know that there are footprints on the moon . \"" 
I don't need your attitude I have one of my own ! Haha 
Needs ideas for a story . Help me out ? 
My stomach hurts . I don't know what I ate but lately my stomach has been uber sensitive 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s house . I missed my buddies soooo much ! Hope we get together again soon ! 
The dance was amazing ! Kinda sad I had to leave early but it was so much fun . 
I've discovered something . Never sleep with an ace bandage on too tight . I cut off my circulation and I have tiger stripes down my leg that hurt worse than my knee did now that bloods rushing back through it . 
My sis and I just sorted through 5 bags of clothes that someone left on our porch . There are a lot of cute clothes in there ! 
Working on debate . Hope we do good ! 
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me . Philippians 4:13 
I don't really understand why we celebrate Easter on Sunday . If Jesus really did die on Good Friday , and < PROPFEMALE > three days later , that's technically Monday isn't it ? 
Has recently discovered that her she loves the song We are The Redeemed . Everytime it comes on wayFm I start jamming out ! 
I hate technical difficulties .... Which reminds me of the < PROPMALE > Hawkins song Tech Support 
A bit stressed out . One of the things I hate about group projects is the failure to communicate . 
I have a computer again !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Going to a barbecue today ! Should be interesting . 
What this world needs , is not another sign waving super saint that's better than you , another ear-pleasing < PROPFEMALE > man afraid of the truth , another prophet in an Armani suit . What this world needs is a savior who will rescue , a spirit who will lead , a father who will love them , that's what this world needs . 
Having a music face off with Will . I think I win . 
You know everybody's going to post about how they either hate or are excited for school so I'm gonna be different and post about the movie I just watched ! Titanic ! It's a ridiculously long movie just to let y'all know , but not half bad . 
I HAAAATTTTEEEEE math ! Homework on the first day !!!! And the tutor online and I are arguing over it because it goes against everything I HAVE been taught ! AAAAAHHHHHH !!!! 
Facepainting all day today . Fun , but tiring . 
I have officially seen The Game Plan in Spanish 
Not feeling great . Hope it gets better ! 
Lazer tagging today ! Beat everybody ! Did not cheat ! 
Excited for youth group but unfortunately I have to get my homework done first :( 
There is always hope . Even when you don't see it . 
Back at my house :) 
My parents took me aside the other day to tell me that there is such a thing as having too many community service hours . I'm not so sure . 
Homecoming dance tonight ! 
I'm pretty tired , but I'm pretty happy with the day ! Minus where I stunk at a test because of low blood sugar(that's what I'm blaming it on ) , of course . Otherwise , pretty good ! 
I have a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My sister and I just walked backwards across the 5th scariest bridge in the world and the #1 highest . Scary ? Why , yes , yes it was . 
F- Focuses on the promise , not the problem\ 
A- Anticipates victory\ 
I- Inspires hope\ 
T- Thanks God in advance\ 
H- Hurries to follow God 
\\nJames 1:5 -6 
I've got a great life to live and great people to live it with 
I get to be a waitress today with some of my best friends ! This should be fun ! 
Served chicken , beef , and beans last night on tin plates and cups before playing Phase 10 , Life Stories , and Monopoly until 1 AM ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Indestructible is a great motivator for Spanish Projects that deleted themselves and need to be redone 
Tengo < PROPFEMALE > competicion < PROPMALE > debate manana a las siete de la manana !!!! ( Accent marks do not work on facebook ! ) 
Back from the last novice tournament of the year ! Next week I get to compete ! 
I cannot find an immigrant to interview for humanities ! Grrrrrr ! 
Some of you guys really oughta save me some < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > ! I've beat her at pretty much everything we've done so far ! 
Taste of the world tomorrow , < PROPFEMALE>'s after that , then have to be at the school at 7 AM to get to the debate tournament on Saturday ! 
At debate . < PROPFIRST > is not nice . 
Just back from debate tournament . We failed but had fun in the process ! 
It's about time ! What is it November ? Gosh , we're normally are snowed in by October ! 
Makeup homework ! Fun , fun ! 
< PROPMALE > is a superhero !!! 
They laugh because I'm different . I laugh because they're all the same . 
Aimee : \Sup\ " Miranda : \ " Okay ! On what ? I'm kind of in the mood for pizza but chicken sounds good too ! \ " Aimee : \ " What !? \ " Miranda : \ " Definition : Sup . A command to eat supper . \"" 
Feels like she did pretty good on her debates ! Got a bye on the last one so that kind of stinks but other than that it was great ! 
I'm not good enough I'm not what they want but let me tell you what , I know who I am . So just throw throw me out , I'll stand my ground and be an outcast 
I think Stuck like Glue is the only country song in history to succeed in getting me to sing aloud ! 
There's so much more than meets the eye , always going on inside , I believe in something way beyond myself . Like the wind that moves the leaves , lord you move me to my knees , giving into something way beyond myself ! ~ Way Beyond Myself , Newsboys 
Happy thanksgiving people ! 
YES !!! I can finally listen to Christmas music without anyone giving me funny looks ! 
After all this has passed I still will remain , after I've cried my last there'll be beauty from pain . Though it won't be today , someday I'll hope again and there'll be beauty from pain . You will bring beauty from my pain . ~ Superchick , Beauty from Pain 
M : \Gracias ! \ " \ 
The debate topic says that cyberbullying should be a criminal offense . Anybody have any opinions or helpful points for either side ? 
I spent all day writing my affirmative case for debate and I just deleted it on accident . I think I'm going to cry . 
#96 , you're pretty darn amazing , but it really stinks you won't come to Colorado and visit . Oh , and PS , you don't know the first thing about phase 10 ! Playing over the phone is entirely possible ! 
Muahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!! ... Sorry just felt like saying that :) 
I won a prize for a poem I wrote about snow when I was 8 , it was about a kid who thought a < PROPFEMALE > was falling from the sky ! People ! You're going to die . A bunch of < PROPFEMALE > s are going to fall from the sky and kill you . Sorry . 
Looking through my old sketch books . I completely forgot I could draw ! 
What would happen if I hired two private investigators to follow each other around ? Hmmm ..... 
Excited for the foreign exchange student to come ! 
Still counting on that snow ! 
Sick on Christmas . What are the chances ? 
is fairly sure that most of her friends have dropped off the face of the planet ! 
So because I'm a curious freak , everyone needs to tell me what they got for Christmas ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s b-day today ! I look forward to playing with all of his gadgets ! 
My sister and I just splatter painted the basement . Discovery 1 : After painting , you look like a mix between a spotted unicorn , a leopard , and other , unknown objects . Discovery 2 : Always best when surrounded by family/friends . Discovery 3 : Moving the couches 5 feet back , probably isn't enough . 
My goal for this year is to surprise people and to rise above everybody's expectations for me 
Movin ' down to the basement ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > ! She's so good with English , I\m barely getting to practice my Spanish ! " 
Is proud to report that she made it all the way through the 30 hour famine despite low blood sugar ! 
Tired and sleepy are the same things , anybody who says otherwise is most definitely a wierdo :) 
Hey you ! Yeah you ! Give me your eyes ! 
Watching my mom read < PROPMALE > and Hobbs comic books my 8 year old brother brought home ; I think it's more entertaining than the book itself . 
It may come as a suprise to you , but I'm not telepathic ....... yet . 
Get ready for a whole new breed of systems : Cold days ! 
It's too late , it's my fate , I can't turn around . There's no fear in the mirror to hold me down , I'm too far from the start and I'm in too deep , I've got to stick to the plan , and there's No Plan B ! No turning back , there's no other path , and I know that this road is my < PROPFEMALE > , I've got to stick to the plan because there's No Plan B ! ~ No Plan B , Manafest 
jhagsdklhdsgf ; ahfv ; adjga ; oujiqe ; ouhjfdklsangf ; klhgfd ; lakjjxzvndrsfkskojkjzjkredoijweiwejrr ; jga vj goi ; rue KL J : jljflskjfoi ; jiof ; jgoj ; afjk kjflLJJLF ALKSJDF LJkfdjg ; ajiroewurojdakfjafd kdfn\ 
\ 
* Ahem * Sorry , there was a spider on my keyboard 
Let's go debate !!! Good , solid , case ; now let's see if we can pull it off ! 
To ski , or not to ski ? that is the question . 
Song lyrics make up 95% of my brain 
If a cow laughs hard , does milk come out of its nose ? 
Aw applesauce ! The Big Cheese has got me all balled up working on this 1920's newspaper . It most certainly is not the < PROPFEMALE>'s knees . 
Disney gave me unreal expectations about hair 
My brothers are watching < PROPFIRST > Neutron . I miss that show ! 
Dear Math , I'm not a therapist . Solve your own problems . Love , Me . 
