changes clothes ten times before he takes you on a date ; he get the heebie-jeebies , and his panic makes him late . He breaks into a cold sweat reaching for the phone ; he lets it ring twice before he chickens out , deciding you're not at home . Does everyone look the way I do ? I only look this way at you . 

: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttzS1TUterk 
: you'd be amazed at how much doodling my emotional bottle from ' 05 to ' 10 takes off a guy's chest ; feels good , man . 
sure wishes he were from where the women glow , and men plunder ... 
\You fucked it up ; you don't even know how to use a damned cell phone ! \ " \ " It was a shitty cell phone ! \ " \ " A fucking praying mantis could use that phone ! \"" 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUmZTR56v-E I can't help it , I've been singing it since I woke up ! 
would be my girl ; would you be my , be my , be my girl ? What can I do ? All I want is to be next to you , next to you , next to you ! 
talks to her everyday ; dreams of her every night . 
I never noticed the size of my feet , ' til I kicked you in the shins . Wil you ever forgive me , for the shape I'm in ; for the shape I'm in ? 
has no time for the complexities of conversation ; no time for smiles , no time for knowing . Less time for the intricacies of explanation ; no time for caring ; even less for showing . 
has called you so many times today , and I guess its all true what your girlfriends say : you don't ever wanna see me again , and your brothers gonna kill me and he's 6 foot 10 . I guess you'd call it cowardice , but I'm not prepared to go on like this ! 
doesn't have the guts to confront the keeper of the soul cages . 
: since you've gone I've been lost without a trace . I dream at night , I can only see your face ; I look around but it's you I can't replace . I feel so cold and I long for your embrace . I keep crying , ' baby , baby , please ... ' 
: I've been down so long , bein ' down don't bother me ; I'm gonna take all my troubles and drown em in the deep blue sea . 
used to say live and let live ; but in this ever changing world in which we live in , makes me give in and cry ... live and let die . 
' s options are decreasing mostly rapidly ; well you see , he really doesn't think she'd bluff this time ; it's plain to see- it's him or me . 
: every time I think of you , I'm shocked right through with a bolt of blue ; it's no problem of mine , but it's a problem I find- living a lie that I can't leave behind . There's no sense in telling me ; the wisdom of a fool won't set you free ; but thats the 
know's that you're in love with him , ' cause I saw you dancin ' in the gym . You both kicked off your shoes ; man I dig those rhythm and blues . 
: Oh I've tried before to tell her , of the feelings I have for her in my heart ; every time that I come near her , I just lose my nerve as I've done , from the staaaarrrt- Every little thing she does is magic , everything she do just turn me on ; even though m 
: pretty woman , I couldn't help but see , pretty woman , you look lovely as can be ; are you lonely , just like me ? 
: Kommst du oft hier hin ? 
wants to love you all over ; ] 
wants to love you all over . 
wonders if you realize he'd trade his Benz in for that BMW if you wanted him to . 
: somebody called me , I answered quite slowly ; the girl with kaleidoscope eyes ... 
: Loving you isn't the right thing to do ; How can I ever change things that I feel ? If I could , maybe I'd give you my world ; how can I when you won't take it from me ? 
woke up this morning ; don't believe what he saw- hundred billion teeexts , clogging up his phoooone . Seems he's gonna have to read theeem allll ; hundred billion messages , all without a causssee . He'll send an SMS to them all , he'll send an SMS to them all ; 
doesn't even know what to say anymore . Shocking ; absolutely shocking . 
built a fortress around your heart . Problem is , now he has to watch his tracks in fear of walking on the mines he'd laid . 
misses her lips and the smile on her face ; the touch of her hair and this girl's warm embrace ; so if you don't want to cry like I do , A-keep away from-a Runaround < PROPFEMALE > 
wonders will you ever forgive him for the shape hes in ? 
won't < PROPFEMALE > the world upon his shoulders , for he knows its a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder ; too bad he only knows that from experience . 
: seems so long I've been waiting ; still don't know what for . There's no point escaping ; I don't worry anymore . I can't come out to find you , for I don't like to go outside . But I , I don't mind . No I , I don't mind . 
probably shouldn't roll up to places with the intro to Mellowship Slinky in B < PROPMALE > blasting out his windows . 
watches every step that you make , to find some other fool you can take ; He doesn't even know why he tries , because it all comes down to this . 
' s love is a flame , that burns in your name ; we'll be together , we'll be together tonight . 
never since he knew ya , he wouldn't talk down to ya ; He has to tell you just how he feels ; he won't share ya with another boy . 
' s gotta throw away his paper knife ; he's not alone in reaching for a perfect life . He's so tired of being the Omegaman . 
: screw it , we're doing it live ! 
has Monday ; he could wait til Tuesday if he makes up his mind ; Wednesday will be fine ; Thursday's on his mind , while Friday'd give him time ; Saturday could wait , but Sunday'd be to late . 
sees the stars falling from the dark skies as ancient rocks are turning ; quiet fills the room , and your love flows through me . Though I lie here so still , I burn for you . 
: you can say I've lost my faith in science , and progress . You can say I've lost my belief in the Holy church . You can say I've lost my sense of direction . You can say all of this and worse but , if I ever lose my faith in you , there'd be nothing left for 
wonders if he told you that he loved you , would you think maybe somethings wrong ? 
knows it won't be long before he belongs to you . 
wouldn't if he were you ; he knows what she can do . She's deadly man , and she could really rip your world apart . Mind over matter ; the beauty is there , but a beast is in the heart . 
' s feelings for you , were just something he never knew , til he saw the light in your eyes . 
although you're untrue , I'm attracted to you all the more ; why do I need you so baby , baby ? 
understands all this ' love is a battlefield ' jumbo , and grabbed his body armor and gun , but now he just needs to figure out who he's even fighting for . 
doesn't want you to be intimidated by him . 
is losing himself on a secret journey . 
knows the neighborhood , and talk is cheap when the story is good , and the tales grow taller on down the line ; but I'm telling you , babe , that I don't think it's true , babe . 
wants to thank you girl , for making the morning brighter ; girl , for making the night time nicer ; girl , for making a better world for me . 
It's a Triceratops ! 
, thanks to you we've been able to solve our illegal immigrant problem . 
don't wanna talk about the drugs you've taken ; don't wanna hear about the love you're making ; don't wanna hear about the lives you're faking ; don't wanna hear about the monthly rake in . 
: so the party's over , < PROPFEMALE > is breaking gradually through on us ; shows us how we were before . And as I waited for you , we will be together ; and as you waited for me , I'll leave you again , never .. ever . 
: marry him , or marry me ; I'm the one that loves you , baby can't you see ? I ain't got no future or a family tree , but I know what a < PROPMALE > and lover ought to be . 
is here again in silence , looking round without a clue . I find myself alone again , all alone with you ... I can see behind your eyes , the things that I don't know . If you hide away from me , how can our love grow ? I want to know , what you're thinking ; there are some things you can't hide . I wanna know , what you're feeling ; tell me whats on your mind ! 
has this wish before he dies , and it may sound strange ; as if my mind were deranged . Please don't ask me why , beneath the sweltering sky ; I have this strange obsession , and you have the means in your posession . Tea in the Sahara , with you ; tea in the Sahara , with you ! 
is breaking his back just to know your name , but thats alright ; she always rights the wrong .. for me . 
tits . 
: don't stand ; don't stand so ; don't stand so close to me ! 
can't get to sleep , thinking about the implications .. of diving in too deep , and possibly the complications . Especially at night , I worry over situations that I know will be alright ; it's just overkill . 
: Seven days will quickly go ; the fact remains , I love her so . Seven days , so many ways , but I can't run away . 
loves you baby , and if its quite alright , I need you , baby , to warm the lonely night . I love you baby , trusting me when I say : Oh pretty baby , don't bring me down , I pray . Oh pretty baby , now that I found you , stay , and let me love you , baby , let me love you ... 
sees you've got the look of love ; it's on your face . A look that time can't erase . Be mine tonight , let this be just the start of so many nights like this . Lets take a lovers vow , and then seal it with a kiss . 
doesn't know what it is that makes him love you so , he only knows he never wants to let you go . ' Cause you've started something , oh can't you see ? That ever since we met , you've had a hold on me . It happens to be true , I only want to be with you ! 
doesn't know why so many chicks are cooking things I like when I'm away . 
wonders do you believe in love at first sight , or should he walk by again ? 
is gonna love you , til the heavens start to rain ; I'm gonna love you , til the stars fall from the sky , on you and I ! 
just found out you can purchase a new ' Black Magic ' baseball bat . 
has got to remember to let her into his heart , and then he can start , to make it all better . 
thanks you all for a great birthday away from home ; it really meant a lot to me . 
: O my God you take the biscuit , treating me this way . Expecting me to treat you well , no matter what you say . How can I turn the other cheek ? It's black and bruised and torn ; I've been waiting since the day that I was born . Fill it up , fill it up . Take the space between us , fill it up some way ; take the space between us , fill it up , fill it up ! 
would like to have some tea in the Sahara , with you ; tea in the Sahara , wiiith youu ; tea in the Sahara , with youuuu ...... 
playing soccer behind Andrews at Konosioni Field ; come if you can . 
: when the night has come , and the land is dark , and the < PROPFEMALE > is the only light we'll see . No I won't be afraid , no I won't be afraid , just as long as you stand , stand by me . 
just charged a linebacker with a cardboard riot shield . Smart guy . 
loves < PROPMALE > and wants to have his babies . 
thinks for just one day , he will judge people aloud rather than silently . Good idea ? Y/N ? 
is the spy who loved you . 
' s love is a flame , that burns in your name ; we'll be together , we'll be together tonight ! 
: you'll remember me , when the West wind moves , upon the fields of barley ; you'll forget the sun , in his jealous sky , when we walk in fields of gold . 
couldn't stand another hour of daylight ! 
used to be the best time < PROPMALE > , that you couldn't wait to see , but getting old , it takes its toll , and hearts getting broken leads to people growing cold . O I-I-I-I , I'm flipping with a coin that's got a tail on either side ; O-I-I-I-I , I'm gonna be the one who makes you stop and realize , you can have it all ; we should have it all ... I love it when you call , I love it when you call , but you never call at all . 
knows if it wasn't for your misfortunes , he'd be a heavenly person today . 
Loves < PROPFIRST > , but wants to have < PROPMALE>'s babies 
doesn't know why so many chicks went apple picking tonight . Didn't even pick enough to make me an apple pie ; not even good . 
doesn't know what it is that makes me love you so ; I only know never want to let you go , cause you started something , oh can't you see ? It happens to be true , I only wanna be with you ! 
: if you want to call me baby , just go ahead now . And if you want to tell me maybe ; just go ahead now . And if you want to buy me flowers , just go ahead now ; Marry him , or marry me ; I'm the one that love you baby , can't you see ? 
: how can I help it ? how can I help it ? How can I help what you think ? Hello my baby , hello my baby ; putting my life on the brink . Why don't you like me ? why don't you like me ? 
: she is everything you want , she is everything you need ; she is everything inside of you that you wish you could be . She says all the right things , at exactly the right times , but she means nothing to you , and you don't know why . 
is dancin ' in the moonlight ; everybody's feelin ' warm and right , it's such a fine and natural sight ; everybody's dancin ' in the moonlight ! 
' ll tell you somethin ' , I think you'll understand , when I say that somethin ' , I wanna hold your hand ! Oh please say to me , you'll let me be your man , and please say to me , you'll let me hold your hand ! 
: hey girl , why can't you < PROPFEMALE > on ? Is it ' cause you're like your mother ? Little tyke , like to tease for fun ? Well you ain't gonna tease no other ; gonna make you a lover . 
is better dead than red . 
: boom boom boom boom , I want you in my room ; Let's spend the night together , from now until forever ; boom boom boom boom , I want a double boom , let's spend the night together , together in my room ! 
' s got looks that books take pages to tell , got a face to make you fall on your knees , got money in the bank to thank , you guess , you could think he's livin ' at ease ; His life could be simple , but he never fails to complicate it every time . While you are wondering what to do , he wishes he could be lucky like you . 
should probably learn to talk to girls so he can initiate dancing situations . I'm gonna blame it on missing Sussudio- by < PROPMALE > Collins as my first song . 
pikachu , i choose you ! 
Blastoise , activate yourself ! 
is buying pokeballs at the pokemart 
< PROPFEMALE > is such a bitch , i like < PROPMALE > so much more 
: OPERATION S , COMMENCING IN T MINUS 2:01 HOURS 
has had a relatively awkward day . 
wonders what the hell the world has come to ; Obama ? The Nobel Peace Prize ? Give me a break , he hasn't done < PROPFIRST > about global relations and the war In Afghanistan is at an all time high for tension . Christ , you might as well have given it to Pol Pot . 
can't get to sleep , thinking about the complications of falling in too deep ; and possibly the complications . Especially at night , I worry over situations that I know will be alright ; perhaps its just my imagination . 
has tried before to tell her of the feelings he has for her in his heart . Every time that he comes near her he just loses his nerve as he's done from the start ; every little thing she does is magic , every thing she do just turns me on ; even though my life before was tragic , now I know my love for her goes on ! 
misses being slowed down but Connecticut State Troopers ; nothing blocking him into the left < PROPFIRST > except for underpowered Toyota Prius ' ; the long stretches of open , but grated , roadway ; the jams at the I-95 to I-91 connector ; the twang of poorly tuned exhaust on all the Japanese import tuners racing on the Quinnipiac Bridge ; he just misses driving ... 
is lost in translation , almost literally . 
could be lost inside their lies , without a trace . But every time I close my eyes , I see your face ... 
doesn't think he can remain friends with ANYONE who just praised the Phils . 
still hasn't found what he's looking for ... 
' s life is a highway ; I want to ride it all night long . If you're going my way , I want to drive it all night long ! 
can hardly wait to hold you , feel my arms around you ; how long I have waited ; waited just to love you ... 
hopes you accept his resignation , for he cannot stand to be part of any club that will accept his membership . 
: on second thought , Goldeneye 007 for N64 has one of the most bad ass game soundtracks of all time . 
: you know you're a cute little heart breaker ; you know you're a sweet little love maker ; I want to take you home , I won't do you no harm , no ; You've got to be mine , all mine- Ooh , Foxy lady ! 
: her name is Rio and she dances on the sand , just like that river twisting through a < PROPFIRST > land ; and when she shines , she really shows you all she's got ; Oh Rio , Rio dance across the Rio Grande ! 
: shuck it , Phils . Shuck it long , and shuck it hard . 
wants to love you all over 
' s got a mellowship ; he's got a fellowship ; he's got a nonstop \Yo Swan\ " hello chip ! " 
thinks you're so beautiful , you could be a par t-t ime model ; spend part of your time modelling , and the other part , with meeeeee ! 
is so happy , he can't stop crying . 
has to re-humanize himself . 
is teaching some kids at the local school how to play rugby ; hopefully none of my other habits rub off too ; ] 
don't know what it is that makes him love you so ; he only knows he never wants to let you go ; because you started something , oh can't you see ? It happens to be true- he only wants to be with you ! 
: Here I am again in this mean old town , and you're so far away from me . And where are you when the sun goes down ? You're so far away from me ; so far I just can't see ... 
is way too timid . 
has a LOT of explaining and cleaning up to do . 
has got a wild , wild life . 
: boom , boom , boom , boom ; I want you in my room ; let's spend the night together , together til forever ! 
wonders whats wrong with filling the world with silly love songs ? 
is a bad enough dude to rescue the president . 
Jug ? Mick at the Library ? Good night . 
: Friday's a fu- I mean , formal day . 
: mais nous pouvons faire ce que nous voulons ; J’aurai toujours faim de < PROPFEMALE > 
wants you to have mercy on him , for he is small and frightened and ignorant . 
: well , I don't really know her ; I only know her name , but she crawls under your skin ; you're never quite the same , and now I know , she's got something you just can't trust ; its something mysterious ; and now I'm falling , falling for her ! 
will follow you ; will you follow me ? < PROPMALE > the days and nights that we know will be ; I will stay with you , will you stay with me ? Just one single tear , with each passing year ... 
is pretty sure his life mirrors either a ' Seinfeld ' or ' Curb Your Enthusiasm ' episode ; in one way or another a good day gets an awkward moment ... 
: sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner . 
: You could say I lost my faith in science and progress ; you could say I lost my belief in the holy church . You could say I lost my sense of direction ; You could say all of this and worse but , if I ever lose my faith in you , there'd be nothing left for me to do ... 
: when the world is cold , with no one to hold , I can only see Eurasian eyes ; If love won’t lie , cause the truth would cry , I can only see Eurasian eyes . And if my heart is blind , then why do I find that I can only see Eurasian eyes ? 
is playing for keeps . 
just realized that euthanasia is legal in the Netherlands ... Erm .... 
is playing pokemon stadium at 12:57 AM . My life is awesome . 
wonders if anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? Anyone ? 
can't live with or without you . 
google it ; by senior year , I will look just like < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy Jr. , minus the fact I'll be dead ( knocking on some rock < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
: I could leave , but I won't go ; though my heart might tell me so . I can't feel a thing from my head down to my toes , so why does it always seem to be -- Me looking at you , you looking at me ; It's always the same , it's just a shame , that's all . 
: is why they created the dancing robot ; dancin ' all night on a < PROPFEMALE > destroyer . Groovin ' all night ; on the dance floor , aboard that < PROPFEMALE > destroyer . 
: listen to me -- as thick as you are , my words are a matter of pride . 
didn't ever think it was possible , but he actually wants you to fail . Miserably . 
: do the right thing ; it will gratify some people , and astonish the rest . 
' s life is a highway ; he would ride it all night long , but the < PROPFEMALE > and constant construction and repairs conflict with this notion . 
is starting to be a little creeped out by facebook's predictive advertising . It's starting to give me ads about things I talk about in person .... 
were to tell you that you suffer from delusions , you'd pay your analyst to reach the same conclusions ; you live your life like a canary in a coal mine , you get so dizzy even walking in a straight line ! 
would much rather be as ignorant as he is now than as jaded as you've become . 
just sat back and waved through the daylight . 
is at the old ski slope and attempting to come as close to death as possible . Doin ' it live . 
is certain his life mirrors < PROPFEMALE > Wars Episode IV , V and < PROPFEMALE > ; I've had success , I've been torn down , and now all I have to do is have some epic battle over the Pit of Carkoon . In Boba Fett's armor . 
IS GOING TO MISS < PROPFEMALE > Takada OFCOURSE . 
' s dilemma is like trying to pick a Mortal Kombat character ; he kinda wants Scorpion , but Sub Zero is pretty legit himself . Hell , they look exactly the same ; only differences are their special moves . 
don't wanna hear about the drugs you're taking , don't wanna read about the life you're faking and especially don't want to hear about the love you're making . It's all peanuts to me , babe . 
didn't realize just how much he missed the Maury show ... 
: mele kaliki maka , brah . 
is simply having a wonderful Christmas time ! 
just realized this is his first Lego-less Christmas ... : / 
wouldn't be any more surprised if he woke up with his head sewn to the carpet . 
: doesn't know how Around the World- ATC got stuck in his head . 
has got a bad feeling about this . 
hasn't felt worse in over 5 years . 
doesn't see why not ! 
RIDLEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY 
' s life is like a Choose Your Own Adventure Book ; problem is , he spends too much time thinking about the consequences of his decisions rather than actually making them , and suffers tremendously . 
: New Year's < PROPFEMALE > is like < PROPFEMALE > ry other night ; there is no pause in the march of the universe , no breathless moment of silence among created things that the passage of another twelve months may be noted ; and yet no man has quite the same thoughts this < PROPFEMALE > ning that come with the coming of darkness on other nights ... 
: you bake the rice , and hit it twice ! 
is polite to all , but intimate with few . 
: especially at night , I worry over situations that I know will be alright ; Perhaps it just imagination . Day after day , it reappears , and night after night , my heartbeat shows the fear ... 
is gonna be in New York for a while ; back Wednesday evening , and gonna be with < PROPFIRST > ' til Thursday ... You all know how to reach me ; ] 
is not uptight , not unattracted ; turn him on tonight , ' cause he's radioactive ! 
: Having been Carlen the Good Guy , I didn't relish going back to my usual role of Carlen the Unreliable , Emotionally Stunted Asshole . 
changed his mind ; forget The Netherlands , forget Australia , forget < PROPFEMALE > - I'm moving to Ibiza . 
knows it would be okay on any OTHER day . 
: O My God , you take the biscuit , treating me this way ; expecting me to treat you well , no matter what you say ; how can I turn the other cheek ? It's black and bruised and torn ! 
is so tired of being the Omegaman ... 
: your love is like bad medicine ; bad medicine is what I need ! Shake it up , just like bad medicine ; let's play doctor , babe , cure my disease . 
: Are you safe Miss Gradenko ? Miss Gradenko , are you safe ? Is anybody alive in here ? Is anybody alive in here ? Is anybody at all in here ? Nobdy but us in here , nobody but us ... 
appreciates your honesty ; you're a real straight shooter ... 
still hasn't found what he's lookin ' for . 
is downloading the top 20 songs of 1987 ; what a geek . 
wants you to just watch ONE episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm ; you'll know exactly how I feel every day of my life . 
: yo no soy marinero ; yo no soy marinero , soy capitan ; soy capitan ! 
isn't proud of the fact < PROPFEMALE > is stuck in his head . Then again , it isn't his fault La Isla < PROPFEMALE > is so catchy . 
never mentioned how much of a moron he could be sometimes . 
holy moly , there's a Republican in < PROPMALE > Kennedy's old seat ; he must be rolling in his grave , considering the special election design in Massachusetts was his idea . 
: a lot of people think someone muttering to themselves is crazy ; I'll tell you whats crazy : walking down the street with half a cantaloupe on your head saying \I'm a hamster\ " . Now that's crazy . " 
can live without love if he wanted to , in this lonely room ; but he don't want to , so he leaves it up to you to wash away the blues . 
can't dance . 
J-E-T-S , JETS , JETS , JETS ! 
: can't you hear that thundah ? You better run , better take cover ! 
is so tired of being the Omegaman . 
wonders how it feels to treat him like you do ; if it wasn't for your misfortune , he'd be a heavenly person today . 
Oooh , doppelgänger week ; post a pic of someone you've been told you look like . 
can't explain the feelings plain to me ; can't you see ? 
I'm not posting a picture of < PROPFIRST > Cullen . Stop asking . 
changes clothes ten times before he takes you on a date ; he gets the heebie jeebies , his panic makes him late ; he breaks a cold sweat reaching for the phone , he lets it ring twice , before he chickens out , deciding you're not at home . Does everyone stare this way at you ? He only looks this way towards you ! 
: baby give it up . 
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xayl1_new-order-blue-monday-original-1983_music I am easily intoxicated by gay , euro technobeats . < PROPFEMALE > me . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
is a lost man in a lost world . 
: Mutiny . 
really hopes none of his friends knew Croatian . 
didn't think it would be as hard as it actually is . FOR SCIENCE . 
: Who can it be now ? 
may find himself behind the wheel of a large automobile , may find himself in a beautiful house , with a beautiful wife ; but he asks himself , how did he get there ? 
Dear < PROPFIRST > couldn't have been any more depressing ; I don't even have any ice cream ... 
has determined spiders do in fact sense fear ; too big for the vacuum , and just out of reach , it has been staring at him for 30 minutes now , not moving an inch since it's initial blitz . God save us . 
: it's a big enough umbrella , but it's always me that ends up getting wet . 
: is it strange or abnormal to play the music of Goldeneye in my head whenever intense things happen ? 
can't reach the bed , so he sleeps on the floor . 
: My mind is racing faster every minute ; what could I do more , yeah I'm really not sure . I know I'm running circles , but I can't quit- and I'm so confused , about what to do , sometimes I want to throw it all away . 
officially hates graffiti ; NEVER AGAIN will he make one not plugged in to the wall . 
: we're just following ancient history ; if I strip for you , will you strip for me ? 
: OPERATION- SKI AND SNOWBOARD FOR THE FIRST TIME , COMMENCING IN T-MINUS 12 HOURS . Godspeed . 
feels so extraordinary ; somethings got a hold on him . 
: I hate the movie Yes Man . It is a mutinous sign . 
: the nights are all long ; I'm singing this song , to try and make the answers more than maybe . And I'm so confused , about what to do , sometimes I want to throw it all away . 
' ll tell you somethin ' ; he thinks you'll understand . When he says that somethin ' , he wants to hold your hand ! 
: you know when you dream something that you wish was true but isn't , and then wake up and feel like it actually is ? Yeah , just happened . 
mutiny 
: it's the end of our journey ; what can I do ? Lonely together , when I'm alone with you . 
will see light in the darkness ; he will make some sense of this . When he's made his secret journey , he will find the love he missed . 
: Beatles trivia . FML . Back who knows when . 
: don't you look at me , with your tongue in your cheek . 
: but in the ever changing world in which we live in , makes you give in and cry ; say live and let die . 
: though I could see no logic , there had to be a plan . You answer me with questions ; you are a holy man . I will see light in the darkness , I will make some sense of this . I will see joy in this sadness , I will find the love you've missed . And when I've made this secret journey , I too , will be a holy man ... 
: don't you believe me , baby ? All that I've said to you is true ! Don't you believe me , baby ? It's just that she looked the same as you ! 
: look into my eyes , what do you see ? I'm the cult of personality . I know your anger , I know your dreams ; I've been everything you want to be- I'm the cult of personality ! 
: these are not the brews you're looking for ... 
: Sting had it right in 1981 . 
is tired of the Omegaman . 
would rather be in the Sarlacc than dealing with this . 
has tried before to tell her of the feelings he has for her in his heart ; every time he comes near her , he just loses his nerve , as he's done from the start . 
: how can I dance with another ? When I saw her standing there ? 
: Rien de dormir cette nuit , Je veux de < PROPFEMALE > jusqu’à ce que je sois sec . Mais nos corps sont tous mouillés , Complètement couverts de sueur . 
is movin ' in stereo . 
wishes you weren't 0 in 4 . 
just needed someone to talk to . 
: I'll put on my good face , clean up the flat ; I'm starting all over , goodbye to all that . 
is walking on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
: I know there are things that certain dreams are supposed to represent , but what about one where you protect a damsel in distress from Shelob with a G36 ? 
i woke up this morning , oh yes i did . i woke up this morning .. with a massive erection 
watched roughly 2 hours of how I met your mother this morning . It's gonna be a long day . 
is still the ? megaman . 
feels like he fell off the face of the Earth without a phone . 
: she seems to have an invisible touch ; she reaches in , and grabs right hold of your heart . 
: and here I am , doing everything I can ; holding on to what I am , pretending I'm a superman . 
is walkin ' like a man . 
thought he was gonna be a good guy ... 
has got designer shades just to hide his face . 
: it's probably ' cause you think you're cooler than me . 
: stars will fall from dark skies , as ancient rocks are turning , quiet fills the room . Though I lie here so still , I burn for you . 
is just trying to keep the ground on his feet . 
: as long as your intentions are pure , the outcome can't be anything but the same . God I love being a Virgo . 
: even when the darkest clouds are in the sky , you mustn't sigh , and you mustn't cry ; spread a little happiness as you go by ! 
: it's called a SECRET ATTACK . 
: and all I ever knew ; only you . 
' ll save children , but not the British children . 
just did yard work for a Jewish neighbor on Easter Sunday . Awkward . 
must be a murderer because he sure loves to kill time . 
: save it for later ; don't run away and let me down . 
woke up this mornin ' , didn't believe what he saw ; a hundred billion text messages , cloggin ' up his phoooone ! 
has gotta stop chasing those West End Girls . 
: run my name through your computer ; mention me in passing to your college tutor . Check my records , check my facts ; check if I paid my income tax ! Pore over everything in my C.V. , but you'll still know nothin ' about me . 
: you can go your own way . 
is a bad enough dude . 
is so close , yet so far away ... 
: action is the only cure for fear . 
: you give me no reason why you're making me work so hard ; baby just give a little respect to me ! 
has got no heart to lie . 
: doctor , doctor , can't you see I'm burnin ' , burnin' ? 
: Stay out of my shoes if you know what's good for you . 
: don't stand , don't stand so , don't stand so close to me ! 
: So we're gonna have transparency in trade markets and corporate leadership , but not in our own Congress ? What a smeagol . 
: It's the thought that counts when you're in a relationship ; it's the money that matters when you're out of it . 
: The one place I hate more than the DMV is the Mercedes-Benz dealership ; all I get are strange looks , the wrong part < PROPFIRST > and a comped $77 keychain . 
doesn't even . 
: hush , hush ; I thought I heard her calling my name now . 
: If I follow you , will you follow me ? 
: She drives me crazy ; like no one else . She drives me crazy , and I can't help myself ... 
: maybe I need some rehab , or maybe I just need some sleep ... 
: \But Master Yoda says I should be mindful of the future . \ " \ " But not at the expense of the moment . \"" 
just realized she still has his favorite pants . 
: She's just a girl ; she's just the girl , that you want . 
: I'm sorry but I'm just thinking of the right words to say ; I promise . I know they don't sound the way I planned them to be ; I promise . 
: clever girl ... 
is half the man he used to be . 
hasn't had over 4 hours of sleep on average for 6 days now . 
: well , how DID I get here ? 
: < PROPFIRST > is a copycat . Just sayin ' . 
does not enjoy wasting time as much as he used to . 
: luck is half of everything . 
realized not only is he going to be adjusting racks for a very long time , but in more ways than one . 
is falling apart . Literally . 
: it's funny the way it is , if you think about it . 
' s left eye must not like it's lids too much anymore . 
is Mr. Brightside . 
: adventure time !! 
has got 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 senses working overtime , trying to take this all in 
: If you're not living on the edge , you're taking up too much space . 
is burnin ' bridges shore to shore . 
: don't you tell me what I can do , what I can say ; I'm not the one running away . 
: the future is so bright , I've gotta wear shades . 
: I realize that sometimes , people need to be mutinized . However , I do not like the surplus of mutiny aimed towards me . 
: I've seen the future , I can't afford it ! 
: Fuck it ; do it live ! 
: Fuck it ; doin ' it live ! 
: To all it may concern , the M Frames have shipped . I repeat , the M Frames have been shipped . 
is going to Misquamicut . About damned time . 
' s life is a joke . Either a joke , or a ridiculous highway . 
: Save it for later ; don't run away and let me down . 
hasn't slept for three whole weeks , burnin ' the midnight oil ; my piece of work has reached the stage that sleep can only spoil . 
: tu brises mon coeur , la < PROPFEMALE > dame sans regrets . 
: well I do my best to understand , dear , but you still mystify and I want to know why I pick myself up off the ground to have you knock me back down ; again and again when I ask you to explain , you say , \You've got to be cruel to be kind . \"" 
: She can kill with a smile , she can wound with her eyes ; she can ruin your faith with her causal lies , and she only reveals what she wants you to see . 
: why does it always seem to be , me looking at you , you looking at me ; it's always the same , it's just a shame , that's all . 
doesn't like being treated as a threat all the time . 
v . Rhode Island , Round 2 . 
: all along , I was never in doubt ; to see the sun and to walk in the sand . 
doesn't look a thing like Jesus , but he talks like a gentleman , as you imagined when you were young . 
: de do , do , do ; de da , da , da . 
: and by < PROPMALE > Gump , I totally meant to say Eclipse . 
: despite the controversial rumors spreading around , no , I am not invincible . 
just found a bag under his mattress full of foreign money . WTF . 
: Oh I'll show you , do it live ; I'll do it the livest its ever been done ! 
: Laten we gaan Nederland ! 
: Spain has made no significant contribution to world society in the past 500 years . 
: it's the man who's always waiting for his ship to come in , that always misses the boat . 
: without a noise , without my pride , I reach out from the inside ; in your eyes . 
: when I want to run away , I drive off in my car ; but whichever way I go , I come back to the place you are . 
: Who's the more foolish ; the fool , or the fool who follows him ? 
doesn't know if the past couple of weeks have been a Godsend or a hellish endurance match . The addition of another week tends to make me believe it's the latter . 
: Pick me up , put me down ; put my feet back on the ground . 
: Yesterday , love was such an easy game to play . 
I like big butts and I cannot lie . You other brothers can't deny , that when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist and a round thang in your face you get ............ 
: One , two princes kneel before you , that's what I said now ; princes , princes who adore you , just go ahead now ! 
: All things fall apart , but why do I have to be the one to sort out the pieces ? 
: every silver lining's got a touch of grey . 
: you'll never change her , so leave it , leave it ; get out quick ' cause seein ' is believin ' . 
: say anything , but don't say goodnight , tonight . 
: Millions of peaches , peaches for me ; millions of peaches , peaches for free ! Look Out ! 
: when life gives you lemons , squeeze them into your enemies eyes . 
: I parlor my tricks ; I hope that you like this , but you probably won't , you think you're cooler than me . 
: the grabbing hands grab all they can , all for themselves , afterall . It's a competitive world ; everything counts in large amounts . 
: and babe , don't you know it's a pity , that the days can't be like the nights , in the summer , in the city . 
is a silly goose and doesn't deserve to live . 
: Why don't they do what they say ? Say what they mean ? One thing leads to another . 
: S . T . A . R . Sssssssss ..... 
: No one knew my real birthday . Cool beans . 
: Why not use your mentality- get up , wake up to reality ? And each time I do , just the thought of you makes me stop just before I begin , cause I've got you under my skin ; and I like you under my skin . 
: If you're pickin ' and choosin ' , yeah playin ' it cool . Well ya wind up losin ' ; I'm no fool ! 
: never forgive ; never forget . 
: Don't stand , don't stand so , don't stand so close to me ! 
: has had enough shark , ghost and love stories for one night . 
: this [ thing ] is chess ; it ain't checkers ! 
: looks like we're going to have to do this the old fashioned way ; the old fashioned way that nobody knows . 
: it don't take no Sherlock Holmes to see it's a little different around here . 
: call me Mr. Raider , call me Mr. Vain . Call me Mr. Wrong , call me insane . I know what I want , and I want it now . 
: Metal Gear ... But why ... 
: Now if I tell you that you suffer from delusion ; you pay your analyst to reach the same conclusion . You live your life like a canary in a coal mine ; you get so dizzy even walking in a straight line ! 
: Tell me am I getting in too deep ? Every night I’m talking in my sleep . Lately I am so confused ; I don't know what to do . 
was shocked right through with a bolt of blue . 
: If < PROPFEMALE > doesn't hit you , I will . 
couldn't even die right . 
: Mirror in the bathroom , please talk free . The door is locked ; just you and me . 
: you could say I've lost my faith in science , and progress . You could say I've lost my belief in the Holy church . You could say I've lost my sense of a direction . 
: Might makes right ! 
: You got it made with the guy in shades , oh no ! 
: I thought I heard a girl's name ; but that kid looks like a boy . 
: nobody's gonna slow me down , oh no ; I've got to keep on moving . 
: At the Koopa Cabana 
isn't into fighting , chasing , sweating , slaving , fretting , racing ; any waste of effort isn't part of his design . 
: go West , young man . 
is livin ' in a material world . 
: I feel fine , I feel good ; I'm feeling like I never should . Whenever I get this way , I just don't know what to say ; why can't we be ourselves like we were yesterday ? 
And the heavens will be a big heaven , and I will walk through the front door . 
is now officially a registered voter . I won't troll you with my political affiliation . 
is the Road Warriah . 
: every time I see you falling , I get down on my knees and pray ; I'm waiting for that final moment you'll say the words that I can't say . 
is the ? -Man . 
: It's a knockout ; if looks could kill , they probably will , in games without frontiers- war without tears . 
: when I call , love plus one . 
: pass the dutchie up on the left hand side ! 
: < PROPFEMALE > Arbor is getting rimmed . 
rim <3 
I mean , I guess I like staying in State College , < PROPFEMALE > longer than I needed . 
: She drives me crazy , like no one else . 
is a menace from society , a boy on the hood . 
is quite contented to take his chances against the Guildenstern's and Rosencrantzes . 
: I can't feel a thing from my head down to my toes . 
: The things I do for love amaze me sometimes . 
: It's the end of our journey ; what can I do ? Lonely together , when I'm alone with you . 
: MIGHT MAKES RIGHT ! 
: Where's your head at ?! 
: every obstacle presents an opportunity to improve our condition . 
isn't one to show weakness in the face of impulse . 
: Why don't you do what you say ; say what you mean ? 
: The place where I come from is a small town ; they think so small , they use small words . But not me ! I'm smarter than that ; I worked it out ! I'll be stretching my mouth to let those big words come right out ! 
has a real bad habit of cutting off his nose to spite his face . 
The ONE pro to having an inoperable automatic antenna is that you don't have to hear Christmas music nearly as much as others . 
hold the baby like momma ! 
: Pray not for easier lives ; pray to be stronger men . 
: Even though I am better than you , I am not . 
doesn't look twice ' cause he moves sooooooo fast ! 
: is the world's forgotten boy ; the one who searches and destroys . 
' s Newtype senses are tingling . 
would like to get to know ya well . 
is the ? megaman . 
Is like a bad day ; he always turns up . 
: First class and fancy free , she's high society . 
: You can't get me ; I'm ungettable ! 
: My newtype abilities are awakening . 
Trolololololo 
: Has become dirty at bowling again . 
: Likes big butts and he cannot lie . 
: don't want to talk ; all I hear is noise ! 
: you can't get me ; I'm ungettable ! 
: You have to become what your fans see . 
: Connecticut , as much as I love you and all of your Yankee constituents , it is time for me to move on to smaller , more educational forums . And by educational , I mean entertaining . 
: Keep the change , ya filthy animal . 
: it's a competitive world ; everything counts in large amounts . 
J ! -E ! -T ! -S ! ; JETS ! JETS ! JETS ! 
: is the Mirror Man . 
: Can't get no satisfaction ! 
: you're so beautiful , you could be a par t-t ime model . 
: you got it made with the guy in shades , oh no ! 
: The cactus ... it's blooming . 
: PROTIP- As cool as it sounds , don't tackle an icicle larger than you . The consequences will never be the same . 
, lets do it ! 
: at the copa , copacabanaaaaaaaaa ......... 
: Just realized < PROPFIRST>'s Day also happens to be a Jug night . 
: Research for my case study into why girls are inherently bitchy to one another has officially begun . Something tells me this is only the Introduction to my multi-volume magnum opus . 
: Your innocent eyes as yet have no idea of the path your < PROPFEMALE > will follow . 
: For future reference , practicing Quarters in the house is frowned upon by the general community . Sorry for trying to go pro . 
: ain't never gonna fall for Modern Love . 
: So bored that learning how to crochet seems like a riveting experience . 
: Who's under who is none of your concern . 
: \I wanted to be a chimp whisperer ... \ " - ¡Amanda Griffiths " 
: \I wanted to be a chimp whisperer ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Griffiths " 
: Pretending to have written that paper on The Souls of Black Folk will not be sufficient . 
: Show me everything ; tell me how ! 
: loves him some \White Lovers \"!" 
: 4:00 AM Antiquing : DUBSTEP Edition with < PROPFIRST > Primps and Takada < PROPFEMALE > 
: It's official ; Return of the < PROPMALE > . 
: that girl is poison . 
\Keep giving me information about Iraq and I'll keep playing footsies with you ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Griffiths " 
: So who's in Connecticut this week ? 
: I'm only a shot away from you . 
has the endurance of a paladin . 
: \Women are going to want to play on you ... like a jungle gym . \"" 
: can't shake the disease . 
: \I don't know if I should study for Stats or go to the Jug ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Homan " 
: I get knocked down , but I get up again ; you're never gonna keep me down ! 
: I ain't jumping a shark this time . 
: \ ... Are you listening to < PROPFEMALE > Crow ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > Primps " 
: \Never bet on a pair of threes . \ " Words to live by . " 
: I've been awake so long , when I read ' click here ' , I actually see ' < PROPMALE > here ' , and question the webpage I'm on before recognizing that I am just completely sleep deprived . 
: Can someone explain to me how a < PROPFEMALE > managed to make it to the top 6 in < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model , or why I believe she is the best one in the running ? 
: \Fratstar-Buddhism--that's how I'm gonna raise my kids . \ " -¡Drew Primps " 
: TEST YOUR MIGHT . 
: Keep it simple , ' cause it's all about the < PROPFEMALE > . 
: Kuwabara , kuwabara ... 
Late night \Casual Cardio\ " with Takada < PROPFEMALE > " 
: Little known fact- Hitler was actually black , and had psoriasis on his upper lip . 
: Casual car talk with townies at Utica St. with @Takada < PROPFEMALE > 
So you mean to tell me Hitler and Osama Bin Laden were announced dead on the same day ? #Trippinballs 
: Good first impressions ; < PROPMALE > pop in a < PROPMALE > car picking someone up . Awkward . 
: It's nights like tonight that make me contemplate enlisting in the French Foreign Legion . I honestly do not want to compare Du Bois or < PROPMALE > anymore than I want French Citizenship , but getting a new name and touring sub-Saharan Africa doesn't sound so bad . 
: Don't worry , < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > will get you through the cram sesh . 
: building bridges—not walls . 
: Don't know much , but I know enough . 
: I need a brand new drug . 
: Based entirely on my sleeping pattern , I should be living in < PROPFIRST > , Australia . 
: gotta bad case of wanderlust , people . 
: Mr. McClery's speech on courtship- \Boys dont make passes ... on girls with big asses . \"" 
: Baby , it ain't over ' til it's over . 
: I'm here darling to enjoy the party ! 
: Don't you tell me what I can do , what I can say ; I'm not the one running away . 
: Hey Kano , eat your heart out . Errr , ' rip ' your heart out . 
: I take it back ; So close , yet so far away . 
: I'm just running in the 90's , it's a new way to set you free 
: \You gotta admire her ; when she sets her mind to something -\"\" Its not her mind youre admiring . \"\" ... true . \"" 
: It's gonna take time , a whole lotta precious time . 
Just witnessed his first drive by and police response . 
: If you call my name out loud , do you suppose that I would come running ? Do you suppose I'd come at all ? 
: Accident , 15 mile delay . There better be blood . And a smashed Volvo . 
: What about \Breakfast at Tiffany's\ " ? " 
: Note to self , Volkswagen Jettas look like garbage after rearending a Mercedes-Benz E-Klasse . 
: That Prozac is turning me into a caring human-being -- and they said there weren't any harmful side effects . 
: So ... Anyone want help building an Ark ? 
: Never thought I'd receive a 45 minute peptalk with valuable relationship advice from a 7-year-old girl . 
: It's hard to say it , I hate to say it- but it's probably me . 
: Pretty sure < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > wrote the soundtrack to my life . 
: Sledgehammah . 
: So , tell me what ya want- what you really , really want ! 
i dont wanna lose your rim tonight ... 
: Am I the only person under 20 at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and the News for the PGA tour voluntarily ? 
: We now know why people join the club . 
: Someone want to meet me in Misquamicut ? I can only stay entertained by screaming children alone for so long . 
: Love is like a high prison wall ; you could leave me standing so tall . 
hit with a < PROPMALE > and your to blame , smeagol you give rims a bad name 
: Prison doesn't look like a bad option right about now . 
: I want a brand new drug . 
: I have seen the others , and I have discovered that this fight is not worth fighting . 
: No man is an island . 
: I'm so tired ; I'm the Omegaman . 
: Pretty sure I was high while changing the transmission cooler lines in my car . PROTIP : Liquid Wrench makes the world spinnnnn 
: I still belong , don't get me wrong ; you can speak your mind , but not on my time ! 
: Mutiny me once , shame on me ; mutiny me twice ... Shame on me . 
: Getting out of work early ? Priceless . Being stuck on a closed Interstate for God knows how long ? Mutinous . 
: Surrounded by 718s . Life is good . 
: \You are hereby ordered by the Country Club of Fairfield Ethics Committee to Eternal Rimnation . \"" 
: Third times the charm . 
is Crescent Fresh . 
: \I tried to do a kick flip ... \"" 
: You bake the rice , and hit it twice . 
: Eh , it's probably me . 
: She drives me crazy , like no one else * oooh , oooh * * sick guitar solo * 
: Livin ' La < PROPFEMALE > Loca . Con Mastadoo and < PROPFIRST > . 
: Only I would be washing my car in a thunderstorm . 
: \Have a glass of milk . Healthy for you . High in calcium ; protein . Good for the eyes . \"" 
: The lack of electricity is disturbing . Moreso is the consequential lack of hot water . 
: Still no power -- Lets go marathon pro for 60 full hours then ! 
: Alright ... Lets try for under 96 hours ? Please ? Or someone text me with something to do . If you're in CT and need an apocalypse companion , who better ? 
To everyone who wished me a happy birthday : Thanks . To everyone who thought about posting but didn't because they feel they don't know me well enough to do so : You're probably right ; thanks for your concern . To everyone who didn't because they don't care anymore : < PROPMALE > Collins is the man . After Sting . 
: brb , getting my pilot's license . 
Adf 
: After being spewed with foamy , viscous hydraulic oil head to toe , I may have had the single most fulfilling shower of my life . Even more so than after a muddy rugby practice . 
: \A shining new < PROPFEMALE > is tiptoeing nearer\ " - Scar " 
This is a diddle that can't be undid , home skillet . 
