what i got accomplished today : cows fed and hayed , steering bracket on the 4010 broke clean off , watched blazing saddles and young frankenstien , watched Tin Man man in one sitting it was awesome , and yet my head still hurts 

god is great beer is good and people are crazy . 
intoxicated pyros = bad news 
would really like to know why his itouch says he is in mexico and how to fix it ...... any ideas ? 
Nonpoint look them up a average hard rock band lyrics are interesting worth the time to listen 
May be getting a new car . . . 69 mustang blue 3 speed decent condition idk whether v6 or v8 lets hope for v8 
somebody tell me if hansels are detassling tmro 
how does one go about creating a new group ? 
I'd like to spit some beechnuts in that dudes eyes ! 
New favorite Avenged Sevenfold songs that most have never heard of : 1 . Rapiant Eclipse 2 . Shattered By Broken Dreams 3 . Lips of Deceit 4 . Flash of the Blade 
mmk new A7X songs that are straight b.a. 1 . trashed & scattered 2 . I Won't See You Tonight I & II 3 . ! Second Heartbeat ! ( UNcontested Best of A7X ) 
Ouch ! i think that my feet just hit the back of my head 
help !!!! i have to have my ffa record book done by tnite and dnt have a renew code ahhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!! 
I'm on the ground with 110 men , beating the life from me . I shake off most of them , to reveal my shattered bones . My stand my decision to , my reasons for it all . I take the way of the others 
Broken glass all around you . Try to hide but they find you every time . Even with everything you try to do , people can still look and see right through you . Looking like you came from a magazine . Regular Jockstar/Beauty < PROPFEMALE > . Covered in labels barely abl 
FML 
doesn't know why but loves greenday 
says : hey guess what Creeds making a new album 
somebody do me a favor and pass me some jager , and il grab my guitar and sing 
I'm getting over it pushing past all the bullshit , and getting right to the root of what the problem really is . All the reasons for the misunderstandings , the emergency landings on a plane headed for home . 
is looking at laptops bc of PHS reward thing which i should earn so if our class doesn't earn it be prepared for bloodshed 
< PROPMALE > happy bday and don't worry i poured some beer to you . 
I ain't here to argue about his facial features Or here to convert atheists into believers I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers The way < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > needed Regis that's the way I need Jesus 
We are young But we have heart Born in this world as it all falls apart We are strong But we don't belong Born in this world as it all falls apart We will fight or we will fall Till the angels save us all 
i gotta say G.I. < PROPFIRST > was strait kick 
We are young we have heart born in this world as it all falls apart 
is just mellowing out to some metallica 
is really wanting to be in springfield right now 
is listening to the < PROPFEMALE > and celtic music podcast . . . it is amazing 
Each day is a gift not a given 
state fair steer show tmro 
third in class but whatever atleast i got to show mine lol sorry swick and coach block 
is depressed that school is almost here . . . but totally ready for the play 
lost a twenty in the mcdonalds drive through 
you know whose a politician bc they are the ones who have their side picked before they even hear the debate . 
am i the only person who thinks it funny that President obama signed his stimulus packet at the same desk < PROPMALE > got his package stimulated ??? 
i realize that i fall head over heels for a girl but then when i open my eyes i only realize that all i really did was fall on my face . 
is just gonna blare something from sounding the seventh trumpet album until i go numb and this damned feeling , which i thought was gone , shrinks back into its ugly corner of my heart . 
sm1 text me i bored stupid 
Frankly my dear i don't Give a damn ! ( totally not quoting gone w the wind its lyrics of a song ) 
i know he hear me when my feet get weary . 
pretty much i'm goin with when i'm starting to be happy and close to some one lifes just to good so why don't i screw it up . and so i do . 
small boys hide behind last names , big men make the last name . 
to me fml now means fuck my liver ( with the assistance of < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > , and jager ) 
we lost but we held are ground . just another reason to kick ass next week . oh and we just flipped boards car in kroger paarking lot . 
is sitting at home just tired as hell 
totally did not < PROPFEMALE > down to pick up an < PROPFEMALE > and knock myself out on the corner of a desk ... 
while putting up hay today i totally got stabbed to the bone by the end of the wire on a bale my entire arm is still numb as hell 
Why don't you ask the kids at tieneman square why they were there . 
We got no class , no taste , no shirt , and shit faced We got it lined up , shot down , firing back straight crown 
everything i hear and everthing that happens to me just makes me see red . 
screw slow internet this blows more then a whorehouse on dime day 
if you are bored look up the Bond electric string quartet simply put they are amazing 
is on face book at school haha suck it fortinet 
life is looking good : 
personally i think some kids just need their ass kicked . 
one more monday left of football ... 
screw politics i'm going to go make my own country in antartica . oh and < PROPMALE > you can't come 
Can't think of anything catchy to \\put as my status so just gimme a minute 
hates it with a passion when facebook freezes 
in indi for FFA , we are set for the week you know 
Is filling out a Family Video Application 
Loves looking out at the evening sky from a deerstand 
She’s a rebel child and a preacher’s daughter She was baptized in dirty water Her mama cried the first time they caught her with me They knew they couldn’t stop her She holds tight to me and the Bible On the back seat of my motorcycle God love her Oh , me and God love her 
Baptise me , in that muddy water , Wash me clean , in amazing grace , I ain't been living , like I oughta , Baptise me in that muddy water . Made my way to the church at the end of the dirt road , Draging what was left of my soul , I can see the Saints out back on the riverbank , And I could hear forgiveness calling out my name . 
honest to god what the hell just happened 
pretty much got the white s10 stuck but made it out bc it is unstoppable 
this will be a very long week :( oh and fml 
sometimes the only thing that makes me feel better is some music that most people can't understand . 
watching pinnaple express 
fell down the stairs now my head is throbbing 
Let's get ready for some gratuitous violence .... that was one of the finest examples of religous guidance i have ever seen . My brothers be ready for \The Saints Are Coming \"" 
She's heaven on the eyes but hell on the heart 
trying to find a song for auditions ... any ideas 
I'm gonna tell you how I feel , straight up genuine and real Open a bottle of ninety proof and write a song for you like Kristofferson would do 
my freaking mom is trying to tell me i can't go hunting friday ... lets see how that works out 
not being in a stand right now sucks < PROPMALE > 
saw two or three massive bucks if i wouldve had a muzzleloader each one of them would have been dead , the twelve point earns the name stud b\\c he doesn't do anything but strut 
somtimes mr. lynch makes me want to go postal 
Will not put cream cheese in the mashed potatoes 
Why is there never anything to do on a rainy night in < PROPFIRST > . text me 
I would like to shake these people's hands 1 . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Flannery 2 . < PROPFIRST > Connery 3 . < PROPMALE > Eastwood 4 . Johhny Depp 5 . < PROPMALE > Brandt 6 . Dime Bag 7 . Walt Disney 8 . < PROPMALE > Marley 9 . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I'm a Holy Roller and i own a space ship so let me take you for a little ride . ( Puddle of Mud ) 
wow typed the work lyrics in google and the suggestion box popped up lyrics to party in the USA ... anyone got a pistol i can borrow my mouth seems empty after seeing that 
Yo , ho , haul together , hoist the colors high . Heave ho , thieves and beggars , never shall we die . The < PROPMALE > and his men stole the < PROPFEMALE > from her bed and bound her in her Bones . The seas be ours and by the powers where we will we'll roam . Yo , ho , haul together , hoist the colors high . Heave ho , thieves and beggars , never shall we die 
S is for the simple need . E is for the ecstacy . X is just to < PROPFIRST > the spot for what you really want . 
< PROPFIRST > Daniels , if you please Knock me to my knees You can kill this pain Thats driving me insane Since my baby's gone Promises were broken Dreams were left to die Empty words were spoken Tears were in our eyes Something temporary Those tears will fade away Do the best you can Help me understand These games that people play 
Friday after watching boondock saints II im going to < PROPFIRST>'s to buy a Crimson < PROPFEMALE > outfit for the basketball games . 
is surprised im at school today i felt like stayin home 
Well just pass me a cold one < PROPMALE > it’s that time again . That neon sign says open and I’m here with all my friends . So just keep them taps a flowing the first round’s all on me . And as long as they keep pouring em yall we ain’t gonna leave . 
Chillin ' to back home by Yellowcard 
Scratch that now Use Somebody by Kings of < PROPFIRST > 
For those who slept through history : Man created Beer , man created wheel ( Man had to get to beer ) . The need for beer was great , therefore agriculture bomed . There were no bottles or cans so man stayed close to breweries , thus cities were born ! there now use that for your final essay 
O= one B = big A = ass M = mistake A = america 
I don't wanna close my eyes I don't wanna fall asleep ' Cause I'd miss you , babe And I don't wanna miss a thing ' Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream will never do I'd still miss you , babe And I don't wanna miss a thing 
Cowboys like us sure do have fun Racin ' the wind , chasin ' the sun Take the long way around back to square one Today we're just outlaws out on the run There'll be no regrets , no worries and such For cowboys like us 
Iraqi air command : warning you are entering iraqi air space turn around immediately ! American Air force : this is Iranian airspace desist transmission Iraqis : If you do not turn around you will be intercepted by our air force U.S : This is American Air Force send them up i will wait Radio silence ..... 
Call me a sinner , call me a saint Tell me it's over I'll still love you the same Call me your favorite , call me the worst Tell me it's over I don't wan't you to hurt It's all that I can say . So , I'll be on my way- Call Me by Shinedown 
Call me a sinner , call me a saint Tell me it's over I'll still love you the same Call me your favorite , call me the worst Tell me it's over I don't wan't you to hurt It's all that I can say . So , I'll be on my way 
Don't even bother with the boasting Just take care , coz this ya rat race ain't fair Even the saints them are falling So beware ! You'll find no winners in there You know its gunner get you whoa And it will never let you go You know who its gunner get you whoa And it will never let you go 
RIP Revernend Tholomew Plague the world was blessed to have known you 
welcome to the internet where women are weird old men , men are fat people , and children are FBI agents . 
Capital Fuck school 
is ready for a massive blizzard ... i love this weather 
I feel insane Every single time I'm asked to compromise ' Cause I'm afraid and stuck in my ways And that's the way it stays So how long did I expect love to outweigh ignorance ? By the look on your face I may have forced the scale to tip 
I see you fading away from us . I'll miss you very much . Room with empty bottles , broken dreams , and pride still running high , always on your side . 
is there no standard anymore ? What it takes , who I am , where I've been Belong You can't be something you're not Be yourself , by yourself Stay away from me A lesson learned in life Known from the < PROPFEMALE > of time Run your mouth when I'm not around It's easy to achieve You cry to weak friends that sympathize Can you hear the violins playing your song ? Those same friends tell me your every word 
Listenin to some CCR life is good 
I told her to get the hell out of my house and now looking back at it i say good ridance ! 
We'll drink , and drink , and drink , and drink , and drink , and drink and fight ! Hey ! And if I see a pretty girl , I'll sleep with her tonight ! yes We'll drink , and drink , and drink , and drink , and drink , and drink and fight ! 
Hakuna Matata ! What a wonderful phraseHakuna Matata ! Ain't no passing crazeIt means no worries for the rest of your daysIt's our problem-free philosophy 
Look out ! Look out ! Pink elephants on parade Here they come ! Hippety hoppety They're here and there Pink elephants ev'rywhere Look out ! Look out ! They're walking around the bed On their head Clippety cloppety 
When you see a deer you see < PROPFEMALE > and I see antlers up on the wall . When you see a lake you think picnics and I see a large mouth up under that log . You're probably thinkin ' that you're gonna change me . In some ways well maybe you might . Scrub me down , dress me up , oh but no matter what remember I'm still a guy . 
Does anyone want to buy beef house rolls ? 
Trashed and scattered again , I'm feelin ' so low You waste your breath while fuckin ' with me , my blood is so cold My destination always unknown , I'll find my way there But you Goddamn Motherfuckers always wasting my time 
There is more to living then just being Alive . 
Today , I was procrastinating and I figured out that when you're clicking the tab to go to a previous month on iCal you can go as many months back as you want . I spent two hours clicking the button so I could figure out what day < PROPMALE > discovered < PROPFEMALE > . It was a saturday . MLIA 
It's 4:03 and I can't sleep Without you next to me I Toss and turn like the sea If I drown tonight , bring me Back to life Breathe your breath in me The only thing that I still believe In is you , if you only knew 
is getting pissed at highdeas.com bc it won't let me on 
Love is a song that never ends Life may be swift and fleeting Hope may die yet love's beautiful music Comes each day like the < PROPFEMALE > 
Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah just came up on my itunes shuffle i honestly couldn't be a happier person right now LMAO 
greatest idea ever : adopt ten midget babies go to some very remote area and raise them , they will think you are thier god . 
the only ones i want are the ones that have more issues then me WTF 
is really enjoying sitting at home and not being at school right now 
Rain makes corn , corn makes whiskey Whiskey makes my baby , feel a little frisky Back roads are boggin ' up , my buddies pile up in my truck We hunt our hunnies down , we take ' em into town 
Gimme that girl with the hair in a mess sleepy little smile with her head on my chest , thats the you that i like best , gimme that girl . Gimme that girl lovin up on me , old t-shirt and a pair of jeans , thats the you i wanna see , gimme that girl , gimme that girl . 
best use of time ever : Quantum materiae materietur marmota monax si marmota monax materiam possit materiari 
Backwoods down in the holler Out in the backwoods , workin ' hard for a dollar in the Backwoods yeah we get it done right Work hard , play hard , hold my baby tight Lordy have mercy it's a real good life In the backwoods , yes sir 
It will help you some < PROPFEMALE > day . Take your time ... Don't live too fast , Troubles will come and they will pass . Go find a woman and you'll find love , And don't forget son , There is someone up above . 
co kurwa , do kurwy n ? dzy ! 
kurwa < PROPMALE > ! 
doesn't like the new facebook at all for one wheres the birthdays , two how the hell do you logout three why the hell do they change it like every month ! 
New Hendrix album coming out .... WHAT !?!? 
Look at you sittin ' on that tailgate All barefoot , beautiful & brown eyed Just watching you breathin is blowin ' me away All I can think about tonight Somebody find me a preacher Somebody find me a man with a bible who can tie a knot 
id like to see you out in the moonlight id like to kiss you way back in the sticks id like to walk you through a field of wildflowers and id like to check you for ticks 
Hell yah Go Illini !!!!!!!!! now blaring some Nonpoint on my Skullcandys ( Best thing I have ever owned ) 
is in the second hour of nonstop Avenged Sevenfold . . . the Rev was amazing too bad hes gone A7X will never be the same . 
Cuz’ I was thinking ‘bout a little white tank top sitting right there in the middle by me I was thinking about a long kiss . man just gotta get goin’ with a night like me Well I know what I was feeling But What was I thinking ? But What was I thinking ? 
i spent four hours out in the blistering cold got one tractor stuck ( pulled it out with the durmax ) broke one steering arm chased two calves for thirty minutes and i still love this weather 
illini wsins again hell yah 
is highly considering taking the tanker truck from grandview and driving through < PROPFIRST > with the drain turned open 
We went riding round rocking to the sound of \Country Boy Can Surivive\ " and I knew then that she was my kind of girl cuz she was singing every single line Then she slid on over put my hand on her shoulder and I aksed her what she wanted to do She said it dont matter where we go just as long as I'm riding with you " 
screw school 
When I see your smile Tears run down my face I can't replace And now that I'm stronger I've figured out How this world turns cold and breaks through my soul And I know I'll find deep inside me I can be the one I will never let you fall I'll stand up with you forever I'll be there for you through it all Even if saving you sends me to hell 
my haircut makes me look like a little kid :( 
It was no accident me finding you Someone had a hand in it Long before we ever knew Now I just can't believe you're in my life Heaven's smilin ' down on me As I look at you tonight I tip my hat to the keeper of the stars He sure knew what he was doin ' When he joined these two hearts 
Valentines is a horrible holiday and all it is is a marketing scam created by card companies . . . or so says the single guy anyway :( 
Out here , nothings clear Except the moment I decided to move on and I ignited Disappear into the fear You know there ain't no comin ' back When you're still carrying the past You can't erase , separate Cigarette in my hand , Hope you all understand I won't be the last one in line I finally figured out what's mine 
PD are ? -synuclein ( SNCA ) , parkin , leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 ( LRRK2 ) , PTEN-induced putative kinase 1 ( PINK1 ) and DJ-1 . you have no idea what this means , don't worry i don't either and i have to give a speech concerning it . 
Feel like crap i don't have anything thats due today . . . crap 
there is a white tiger on fox news this morning and i do believe i want it right NOW ! 
Listening to the Irish&Celtic Music Podcast and I think it is now an addiction 
When we were little we watched Superman , Batman , Spiderman , < PROPFIRST > Quest , Thundercats ( Which was the best ) , Ninja Turtles , Transformers , and He-man , now-a-days they watch < PROPFEMALE > the explorer , < PROPMALE > the builder , teletubies , and the wonderpets . WTF 
isn't it egotistical to like your own status ??? 
And we have gone through good and bad times . But your unconditional love was always on my mind . You've been there from the start for me . And your love's always been true as can be . I give my heart to you . I give my heart , cause nothing can compare in this world to you . 
< PROPFIRST > Portnoy in studio with Avenged Sevenfold not in my top five picks but by no means a bad choice . . . he'll make A7X sound mellow because there just ain't no comparing foREVer 
Decade of Domination is out !!! looking forward to listening to it . 
Hate to see her go but love to watch her leave 
has slept like shit for the past three nights 
< PROPFEMALE > is by far my favorite person in the world ((: haha I love her !!! 
I'll watch you call , calling for me , you can't bring back time ... Close your eyes or look away , fate exposed , won't let me stay Hope will fall tonight with broken wings , descending entity in me \Radiant Eclipse\ " by A7X absolutely amazing foREVer " 
Do you wanna dance Hey do ya wanna party Hey < PROPFEMALE > this is ole < PROPMALE > Ready to get the thing started We cooked a pig in the ground Got some beer on ice All my rowdy friends are coming over tonight . Now my party pad is out in the woods 
Yesterday , I saw a man with dreads going down a deserted icy road , in december , in alaska , on a unicycle . I gave him the thumbs up . This guy redefines awesomeness . MLIA 
I saw a lot of guys in fancy pre-weathered cowboy hats and sharp looking brand name boots . All i can say about that is \He's says hes been a cowboy for ten years . \ " reply : \ " Been a cowboy ten years and still never stepped in shit . \"" 
My throat is raw , i feel like shit , i can't talk right , oh and i have to say my speech today 
< PROPMALE > Dunham tonight hope its good ! 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . . . I give it a nine out of ten but if you don't know < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > it would probably be a six maybe seven . < PROPFIRST>'s books are written so that your imagination can run rampant , and a movie makes the decisions for you so it doesn't work 
Every song about blue eyes , they dont matter Cus whoever wrote them , have never seen yours I've been searching all day , A reason for living Decided to love you , thats why I was born 
Never shall innocent blood be shed , yet the blood of the wicked shall flow like a river . The Three shall spread their blackened wings and be the vengeful striking hammer of God . 
I told her way up yonder past the caution light There's a little country store with an old Coke sign You gotta stop in and ask Miss < PROPFEMALE > for some of her sweet tea Then a left will take you to the interstate But a right will bring you right back here to me 
I'd start walking your way You'd start walking mine We'd meet in the middle ' Neath that old < PROPFEMALE > pine We'd gain a lot of ground ' Cause we'd both give a little And their ain't no road to long When you meet in the middle 
What do a < PROPFEMALE > and a writing desk share in common ? 
The urge to run , the restlessness The heart of stone I sometimes get The things I've done for foolish pride The me that's never satisfied The face that's in the mirror when I don't like what I see I guess that's just the cowboy in me 
< PROPFIRST > LeDoux - This Cowboy's Hat is possibly the world's greatest song 
reading failbooking.com and saw some one quoting street fighter moves so its like a status fight i think i may die laughing 
Yes , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil : for thou < PROPMALE > with me ; thy < PROPMALE > and thy staff they comfort me 
Let me tell you about a girl I know ... 
this is going to be one hell of a weekend 
She's as pretty as a picture Every bit as funny as she is smart Got a smile that'll hold you together And a touch that'll tear you apart When she's yours she brings the sunshine When she's gone the world goes dark Yeah she's heaven on the eyes But boy she's hell on the heart 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died with five pounds of undigested red meat in him . Now that's a man ! Real men hide their feelings . Why ? - Because it's none of your fuckin ' business ! -Men do not cry . Men do not pout . Men < PROPFIRST > you in the fuckin ' jaw and say -Thanks for comin ' out 
I killed your cat you druggie -WHY !?! -I thought it would bring closure to our relationship 
Curiouser and curiouser 
Well my rig's a little old , But that don't mean she's slow . There's a flame from her stack , And the smoke's rolling black as coal . My hometown's coming in sight , If you think I'm happy your right . Six days on the road and I'm gonna make it home tonight . 
There's two kinds of people in this world when you boil it all down . You've got your talkers and you've got your doers . Most people are just talkers . All they got is talk . But when all is said and done , it's the doers who change this world . And when they do that , they change us . And that's why we never forget them . 
bout ready for a night round a fire girl in my arms and a can in my lap 
Justified 
holden < PROPFEMALE > sucks cock 
Worrying is like a rocking chair . It gives you something to do , but it doesn't get you anywhere 
Just blaring Iron Maiden because i can't go out and I am bored as hell 
I seem to get things in line but then somehow I either screw it up or look in the mirror and say you know what let's find a way to ignore the good i have 
I think that each one of my 500 some freinds on facebook should give me a dollar 
you gotta cowboy up , dust yourself off get back in the saddle give it one more try sweat and blood it takes all you got cause the road to heaven is a hell of a ride the tough get goin when the goin gets rough cause they know they gotta cowboy up 
people will always try to screw you ; don't go tiptoeing through life trying to hide from it , just be ready when your pants fall down 
I’m gonna tell you how I feel , straight up genuine and real Open a bottle of ninety proof and write a song for you like Kristofferson would do In each line you’re gonna hear it’s my fault and I miss you I know it won’t be in time it may not even rhyme But it has to be is true 
I never believed that the DMV was actually hell until today 
I am bored so I am going to dress up as the grim reaper and knocking on windows at the retirement home . I don't have anything to do until play text me . 
Senior moments .... 
And she moves a little closer She puts her lips to mine Ain't funny how the good Lord out does himself sometimes She's got long blonde hair and big blue eyes I got all I ever need when that girl is by my side Everything I love is there inside A little brick house on the Oklahoma-Texas Line 
listening to < PROPFIRST > poppins soundtrack surprisingly enjoying it 
Twilight : What happened to vampires sucking blood not cock ? HMMM 
Do yourselve a favor and go look at the stars they are simply amazing . going back to the fire . 
Taken to the floor with the reach to the sky i loosen my tie locking down the door with the rhythm and rhyme i loosen my tie trying to recall what you want me to say counting on the night for a beautiful day given a < PROPMALE > i wanna be somebody if for one dance i wanna be somebody open the door it's gonna make you love me facing the door i wanna be somebody 
(\\ /) ( . . ) c ('') ('') 
listening to some insane European metal them icelanders sure know how to melt face 
when you take away parts of the truth so you don't sound dumb you end up sounding like a moron instead . 
If his unpleasant wounding has in some way enlightened the rest of you as to the grim finish beneath the glossy veneer of criminal life and inspired you to change your ways , then his injuries < PROPFEMALE > with it an inherent nobility , and a supreme < PROPFEMALE > . We should all be so fortunate . You say poor < PROPFIRST > ? I say poor us . 
I hate sitting at home the best times are always the ones that I miss 
Sometimes the only thing you can do is turn on the Sinatra and drink < PROPFIRST > on the rocks .... now where the hell is the < PROPFIRST > ? 
When all else fails learn the bagpipes 
Well my goodness gracious let me tell you the news My head's been wet with the midnight dew I've been down on bended knee talkin ' to the man from Galilee He spoke to me in the voice so sweet I thought I heard the shuffle of the angel's feet He called my name and my heart stood still When he said , \John go do My will ! \"" 
< PROPFIRST > Dodd : Hey < PROPMALE > Me : Kid you are the most annoying person i have ever met and i have asked you a hundred times to leave me alone so leave me the hell alone . Him(in my face ): < PROPMALE > i have been nice to you all semester so if you make fun of me one more time i'm not going to hold back . Me : Get the hell out of my face before i break you . Him : . . . . ( Walks away ) 
Getting ready to go watch Sweeny < PROPMALE > . I REALLY need to go see The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus it looks umm so freaking amazing they need to make a new word for it , does anyone have a copy ? 
Not having a truck blows 
i honestly just want to be done , its time to play the lottery 
There's a hole in the world like a great black pit And it's filled with people who are filled with shit And the vermin of the world inhabit it . But not for long ... 
No one saying do this No one saying be there No one saying stop that No one saying see here Free to run around all day Free to do it all my way ! Oh , I just can't wait to be < PROPMALE > ! 
i gaze out at a sea of people and yet somehow my eyes are always finding yours 
I don't understand why even though everything seems to be going right i have this depressed feeling 
All of life is music but the thing about music is you can either play exactly how your told and be decent at it or you play how you feel and teach the entire world a new song 
Ax men is amazing browning was my favorite glad to know they won 
I'll never find my heart Behind someone else I'll never see the light of day Living in this cell It's time to make my way Into the world i knew Take back all of these times 
Nobody goes through this life and does Everything perfectly We're all gonna fail so you might as well Make a mistake with me Sometimes baby when we take A < PROPMALE > that has this much at stake We look back and in hindsight What seemed wrong looks more like right 
You make me smile like a sun , Fall outta bed Sing like a bird , Dizzy in my head Spin like a record , Crazy on a Sunday night You make me dance like fool , Forget how to breathe Shine like gold , Buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > Just the thought of you can drive me wild Oh , you make me smile 
Our houses are protected by the good Lord and a gun And you might meet ' em both if you show up here not welcome son Our necks are burnt , our roads are dirt and our trucks ain't clean The dogs run lose , we smoke , we chew and fry everything Out here , way out here We won't take a dime if we ain't earned it When it comes to weight brother we pull our own 
Pass that bottle , I'll have me a swig I ain't got a lot , but I think I got it made In the shade I'm just laid up here In a country state of mind Catching these fish Like they're going out of style Drinking this homemade wine Hey if the sun don't come up tomorrow People I have had a good time I'm just laid up here In a country state of mind 
Really wants the angry leprechaun in my stomach to quit dancing and go away 
Rifle in a gun rack hanging in the back glass < PROPMALE > knife on my belt , ain’t no land for sale ‘round here Red < PROPMALE > country mud , sippin’ on a cold < PROPMALE > Blue tick coon hound you know where I’m found out in the 
you throw up the fist bump and I cover it and say paper covers rock ! 
< PROPFIRST > Hays the pirate language is awesome 
the school parking lot is in perfect order maybe the juniors should never park there 
I blame it on < PROPMALE > And all them other outlaws Blame it on the back beat Blame it on them sad songs If I got a don't care attitude and long hair And mean every damn word I'm singin ' I blame it on < PROPMALE > 
somethimes instead of trying to rebuild the old bridge you stop and build a new better bridge , the stresses toils and aches just make it all the better 
< PROPFEMALE > Sullivan i have no suvs just to let you know 
kharmas a bitch 
some one asked me what my fashion was called i just gave them a look and said \ I base my fashion on what don't itch and doesn't cost more then a car \"" 
how can i explain what happened tonight except wow . 
cell one needs to stop being dumb i freaking tired of my texts not coming through 
I blame this new tattoo on a hundred proof bottle of whiskey\ 
And the scar on my cheek to an ' 84 Jeep and an oak tree\ 
Blame the cussin ' on my Daddy , good looks on my Mama\ 
But as for my honky-tonk ways\ 
I blame it on Waylon\ 
And all them other outlaws\ 
Blame it on the back beat\ 
Blame it on them sad songs 
the song < PROPFEMALE > is blaring in my head and il i can do is smile 
Things I've broken so far today : Two promises , an alarm clock , a radio , three tomato cages , like five fence posts , numerous boards in the barn , a pitch fork , a cd , a door knob , a glass cup , my knuckles feel like it , and my personal favorite , a steering wheel . Loving my own anger right now :) 
My little sister having multiple friends over . Best . Birth . Control . Ever . \ 
i really don't like kids 
You don't know how you met me\ 
You don't know why\ 
You can't turn around and say goodbye\ 
All you know is when I'm with you\ 
I make you free\ 
And swim through your veins like a fish in the sea\ 
I'm singin'\ 
Follow me everything is alright\ 
I'll be the one to tuck you in at night\ 
And if you\ 
Want to leave I can guarantee\ 
You won't find nobody else like me 
a little bit of Walk This Way to cool down from work 
I won't lie , i ain't perfect but i'm straight up genuine and true what you see with me is what you get . if you ask me i'll tell you , you screw with me and i'll make you pay . 
Ahh Ramstein you soothe my soul 
I don't know if anyone has heard Avenged Sevenfold's new single Nightmare , but it really didn't impress me , foREVer 
Dear Ms. Sherer i am not a fan of you 
Today I went into Hot Topic , and they usually have a ton of twighlight stuff displayed . But on the same rack the had a shirt that said \and then < PROPFEMALE > staked < PROPFIRST > . The end . Best shirt ever . MLIA " 
Tá mé ag fecked . bhfuil tú ag fecked . táimid ag gach fecked 
Be yourself because everyone else is already taken 
I don't know why I love womenThat love to do me wrongDon't know why my life sounds likeA heartbroke country songI ain't really happyUnless the sky starts driving rainMaybe I just get off on the painMy whole life I been picking fightsThere ain't no way to winGot a 100 scars I should have run awayNow tattooed on my skinThere's a side of me that just won't stopDancin ' in the flameMaybe I just get off on the pain 
Alyx Keys Hays & @ < PROPFEMALE > Sullivan sorry I completely destroyed you today in speech . 
Be not what they want they want you to be be whatever the hell you damn well please . break out of the mold society has made for you . go for what you want and love them when you get them . tell all the assholes that tell your wrong the finger and say \buddy i'm better off \"" 
Let's blow out these city lightsLet's just leave it all behind\ 
Get up where the air is stillYou can hear the whippoorwill\ 
Start a fire pass the shineWon't be home till mornin ' time\ 
Shout your name out in the windConfess my love for you again\ 
Give you all I got to giveThat's how we live up on the ridge\ 
Won't you come with me tonightWhere moonlight drifts into your eyes\ 
I just want one little kiss 
She was sittin in the porch swing as I pulled up the driveway\ 
My ole heart was racing as she climbed inside\ 
She slid over real close and drove down to the lake road\ 
Watched the sun fade in that big red sky\ 
There might be a little dust on the bottle\ 
But don't let it fool ya about what's inside\ 
It's one of those things that gets sweeter with time 
Moonlight on a duck blind \ 
Catfish on a trot line\ 
Sun sets about nine this time of year\ 
We can throw a blanket down\ 
Crickets singin ' in the background\ 
And more stars than you can count on a night this clear\ 
I tell you what we need to do is grab a sleepin ' bag or two\ 
And build us a little campfire\ 
And then with a little luck we might just get stuck\ 
Let's get a little mud on the tires 
thanks for all the happy birthdays 
Hah sometimes i just don't lnow what to think 
sometimes i just wonder what i did in a past life to earn this kharma 
Nothing quite like a fire with a few good freinds to make life good , well there were a few things missing but all the same good times 
I am the stone that builder refusedI am the visualThe inspirationThat made lady sing the blues I'm the spark that makes your idea brightThe same sparkThat lights the darkSo that you can know your left from your right I am theballotinyour boxThe bulletinyour gunThe inner glow that lets you knowTo call your brother sonThe story that just begunThe promise of what's to comeAnd I'm ' a remain a soldier till the war is won 
go to google and type \limewire lol\ " hit i am feeling lucky the funniest crap ever " 
My life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what ... . . . . WTF someone stole my freaking chocolate ! 
Just set me up with your best whiskey\ 
This is just between the bottle and me\ 
I don't want to talk . I don't need a friend\ 
Don't think I stuttered when I said\ 
I'm here to deal with a memory\ 
this is just between the bottle and me\ 
A man can't face the cold , hard truth\ 
with nothing less than 90 proof\ 
And closing time is when I'll leave . \ 
Till then it's just between the bottle and me . 
Never say never , made my peace with the maker\ 
Raise a glass to the past and the future \ 
Say a toast to the ones we remember\ 
Never say never , make your peace with the maker \ 
Make your peace with the maker\ 
So I will remember and not take another day for \ 
Granted , let’s face it Better live it like there’s no tomorrow \ 
I will remember and not take another day for granted \ 
For once in my life , \ 
For once in my life 
It ain't a rebel flag you bought at the mall\ 
It's a hide away bed in an old horse stall\ 
Two kids gettin ' caught stealin ' a Boone's farm kiss\ 
It ain't a < PROPFIRST > Deere cap that's never fell in the cotton\ 
It's a < PROPFIRST > Rodgers song that was long forgotten 
Out in the sticks & the squirrels & the ticks\ 
< PROPMALE > my 3 0-0 6 , I'm runnin ' out of Miller Lite\ 
Trucks in park , the dog won't bark\ 
Couple hours till dark\ 
Wishin ' one would walk by\ 
Might as well left my gun in the gun rack\ 
Been here all day\ 
All I killed's a twelve pack\ 
Sittin ' here waitin ' on a deer , drinkin ' beer and wastin ' bullets\ 
Aimin ' at the empties , missin ' hittin ' pine trees\ 
It ain't my fault them cans keep movin ' 
My neck is burnt my hands are calloused i don't drive a fancy car my life don't revolve around xbox or tv , i work hard so i can run around having the time of my life , and if you got a problem with that i'll show you a thing or two 
headed to New york city 
two guys walked into the hotel i said D&D convention and laughed . five minutes later the guys mother walks over to us and asks us if we were here for the Pokemon tournament . greatest hotel ever ? possibly 
There's nothin wrong with a little excitement ; No , it makes me forget about work . \ 
Cause I live by the rule that everything's cool , Just as long as nobody gets hurt . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , you say the word and we'll go . Cause you're getting to me in those cut off jeans , And that T-shirt from Sloppy Joes . Yeah , I might be a little bit loco , But it keeps me from losin my mind . Oh , but half insane that's ok , babe , A little bit crazy's all right 
Sure drinkin ' ain't the way to solve problems but its still fun as hell 
I know where I come from :\ 
How ' bout you ? \ 
I don't need baggy clothes , \ 
Or rings in my nose to be cool . \ 
The scars on my knuckles , \ 
Match these scuffs on these cowboy boots . \ 
An ' there's a whole lot more like me :\ 
How ' bout you ? 
I've been so lost I must confessI've had my share of lonelinessBut yeah , it's hard to keep a good man downThe loves you lost were all in vainThe past lives on inside your brain\ 
I don't think you need those memories hangin round 
headed to Springfield for a cattle show . And then going to see Cross-Canadian Ragweed , < PROPFIRST > Houser , and < PROPMALE > Adkins 
The Cross Canadian Ragweed concert was awesome minus playing nanny to four drunken retards . saw three people I knew , one suprised me seeing as he was plastered 
< PROPMALE > Adkins but on one hell of a show , after singing watching you his son walked out and handed him a fathers day card that had that song playing on it 
I was haulin hay , I was feedin the hogs \ 
and that summer sun had me sweatin like a dog \ 
So I cooled off in the creek \ 
then it was back to work in the daggum heat \ 
I was cussin ' out loud , thinkin bout quitin ' \ 
Lookin ' back now I'm sure glad I didn't \ 
Cuz just when I thought it couldn't get no hotter \ 
I caught glimpse of the farmer's daughter 
Some search , never finding a way Before long , they waste away I found you , something told me to stayI gave in , to selfish waysAnd how I miss someone to holdwhen hope begins to fade ... A lonely road , crossed another cold state lineMiles away from those I love purpose hard to findDear God the only thing I ask of you isto hold her when I'm not around 
She's pretty as a field of daisies\ 
She's sweeter than watermelon wine\ 
Way hotter than the alabama asphalt\ 
And when I get her in these arms of mine\ 
Lord have mercy I love her kisses\ 
Man I can't get enough\ 
\ 
Kinda like chicken and biscuits 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bundy , will you marry me ? 
Twilight is overrated 
I be rolling downhill like a snowball headed straight for hell . 
Theres a fire in the pit of my stomach that makes me trudge on and never let go , you can read the story of my life by the callouses on my hands and the scras criss crossing my body . you may not understand but it is just who I am . 
You know a lot of people say that college is a time when young men and women expand the way that they look at their world when they open their mind to new ideas and experiences and when they begin that long journey form the innocence of Youth , to the responsibilities of Adulthood ... now isn't that a load of horse shit ! AHAHAHAHA ! 
These boots have stood toe-to-toe \ 
With the biggest , baddest Joes \ 
Like they had some things to prove : \ 
These boots \ 
Yeah , these boots , more than once saved my ass \ 
Like the time they had that grass \ 
For those cops in Tupelo \ 
An ' these boots have danced with the devil \ 
An ' nearly lost that battle \ 
An ' to a wild < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
A dip , a beer , and < PROPMALE > Texas Ranger DVD what more could someone ask for . 
We sang Life's a HighwayThere's only one way you're gonna get through itWhen she starts to twist be more like ChrisPull your hat down tightAnd just LeDoux it ! When that whistle blows And that crowd explodesAnd them pickup men are at your sideThey tell you good ride cowboy , good ride 
http://nooooooooooooooo.com/ 
There was a barber and his wife And she was beautiful A foolish barber and his wife She was his reason and his life And she was beautiful And she was virtuous And he was -- Naive 
“Life is hard ; it's harder if you're stupid . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Just had the most epic religion debate of all time , Athiests , I respect your right to believe ( or not ) in whatever you want , but frankly there ain't a single damn thing in existance that you can say to me that I can't show you something supporting christianity more ! 
There never was a horse that couldn't be rode ;\ 
Never was a cowboy who couldn't be throwed 
Pull up a tailgate , Time to get unwoundTruck-bed , beer in the back , all iced downThe only thing we own around here is the weekend . So pull out the six string and the shine and < PROPFEMALE > on tight to oursweet things . It's another paycheck party out in the county - So pull up a tailgate . 
I got a broken knuckle that sings the song of a love long last , a scar beneath my eye from a bruiser that the bottle told me wasn't that big . two hands full of callouses from work thats never done , but I got my freinds , and they are all the bandages I'll ever need 
Ugh ... Does anyone have a cellone phone that I can have , I need one that I can use until I go to Verizion , hopefully later this week 
I am not proud of , the fact that i've used his name in vain . I aint Set in a pew in a few sundaysI dont always turn the other cheek And I worked on the sabbath last week\ 
Theres been a few thingsAnd a few woman that have done more than just tempt me My heart been filled with hate , greed and envy . But I believe that Jesus died to save souls like me Cause I'm a sinner 
You say you got a thing , for a man in worn out jeans A Stetson hat and them alligator boots So you want a man with rougher hands That does what them city boys can't Someone raised up with down home country roots Well now don't go thinking that's what you got Just because he says yee-haw 
hoping to win the < PROPMALE > county steer show tomorrow , sadly i think there may be one person in my way 
Need to find a girl , not no white knight scenario , one who ain't afraid to sing < PROPMALE > on the radio , A true hearted woman , should never be so damn hard to find . 
I fear that tomorrow is going to be borderline Armageddon there are going to be some seriously pissed off people atleast I am going to be a few hundred feet away when these people are told whats up .... \AND THERE WAS A FIREFIGHT \"" 
Want a little more right , and a little less left\ 
Little more right now , a little less what's next\ 
Act like tomorrow's ten years away\ 
And just kick back and let the feelin ' flow\ 
Drink a little drink , smoke a little smoke 
All I want Is a little of the good life All I need Is to have a good time The good life All I want Is a little of the good life All I need Is to have a good time The good life 
Is there something in your pocket or are you just happy to see me ..... It's actually a log of skoal but thanks for the compliment 
Life comes with no guarantees , no time outs , no second chances . you just have to live life to the fullest , tell someone what they mean to you and tell someone off , speak out , dance in the pouring rain , hold someone's hand , comfort a friend , fall asleep watching the sun come up , stay up late , be a flirt , and smile until your face hurts . 
Eighteen bucks an hour and a million dollar tanAll them women whistle at me while I'm working for the manMaking me some cold hard cash out in that summer sun Come Friday I'll have money but by Monday I'll have none Once the bills are paid and that bass boat tank has gone from E to F I fill that big ol ' cooler up there ain't a whole lot left 
Just realized i have the most random Itunes library ever . Haggard , < PROPMALE > Marley , Disturbed , Bring on the Horizion , Family Force Five , Nickelback , Beach Boys , Serj Tankian , Avenged Sevenfold , Smashing Pumpkins , Lion < PROPMALE > , August Rush , Apocalyptica , < PROPFEMALE > in Chains , Anberlin , Beatles , < PROPMALE > , BLS , STP , CCR , Bullet , < PROPMALE > & Dunn , Among others 
Anyone know < PROPMALE > Rinker's email address ? 
Ordering Avenged Sevenfold on vinyl , it is amazing 
Oh the joys of life ... 
The new Sixx A.M. Album is finished is finished I am stoked as hell it will be unbelievable 
I hope its worth it , here on the highway , yeah\ 
I know you'll find your own way when I'm not with you\ 
So tell everybody , the ones who walk beside me , yeah\ 
I know you'll find your own way when I'm not with you tonight 
you know what life ain't half bad right now 
for the first time i deleted one of my facebook friends 
She was a fast machine\ 
She kept her motor clean\ 
She was the best damn woman I had ever seen\ 
She had the sightless eyes\ 
Telling me no lies\ 
Knockin ' me out with those American thighs\ 
Taking more than her share\ 
Had me fighting for air\ 
She told me to come but I was already there 
Boondock Saints I & II till I fall asleep , what else am I supposed to do when i am stuck at home ... 
Look at my face you pierce with a blank stare\ 
No dream could prepare a heart for a lifeless friend . \ 
He's gone . Nothing will take back time . \ 
I need him back , but nothing will take back time . 
He's gone . Nothing will take back time . \ 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > . . . 
I don’t mean to sound picky but relationships are tricky and I’m lookin for a perfect fit\ 
I wanna smoking hot < PROPFEMALE > with a whole lotta money , whose favorite thing is sharing it\ 
Well u cant’ really miss her hell she may be your sister but whoever she might be\ 
You’d be a real life saver if you do me one favor and put in a good word for me 
Hard times are real\ 
There's < PROPFIRST > fields\ 
No matter where you go\ 
You may change your mind\ 
' Cause the weeds are high\ 
Where corn don't grow 
He told his daddy catch up with the timesHe said now a days people trade heifers onlineDad ain't selling deals with a handshake like beforeCountry ain't country no moreNo , country ain't country no more 
something is wrong with this picture : Fiction by Avenged Sevenfold play count 103 
Had a great time at state fair , got 4th in class in the jr. show and 3rd in the open . not going to miss the 5 a.m. mornings but the people and good times finished much too soon 
I laugh at alll of you who have already started school 
You got your teeth bleached You like to play the < PROPMALE > gameYeah you think you’re a cowboyThe knew < PROPFIRST > jamesBut I could kick your assI could < PROPFIRST > your jawPut you flat in the dirt boyYeah id have a ballSo go ahead and act toughLike your < PROPFIRST > Wayne’s sonBut things can change fastI can kick your ass 
Back that thing up\ 
throw it in reverse , let daddy load it up\ 
hunny , back that thing up\ 
If you gonna work a farm you gotta learn to drive a truck\ 
hunny , back that thing up 
offspring's \why don't you get a job\ " sounds like ob-la-di-ob-la-da by the beatle's what the hell " 
A lakeland ag class and i watch as three guys in man flops walk in ... WTF 
I was hanging out between classes today when a man on a mower pulled out a harmonica and started playing Moondance from August Rush , possibly the greatest moment of my life . 
Theatre is Life , Film is < PROPMALE > , TV is Furniture 
Anyone want to buy my green s10 its got 50,000 < PROPMALE > on the motor and runs great , I hit a tree in it but everything parts wise works 
\Lakeland College for the Hippoes\ " quote from Will Wood " 
That first kiss shook me upIt rattled my cage with a tender touchSweet and wild , girl I could not get enoughThe grass was cool , we lost our mindsSharing secrets and a bottle of wineLazy night , cotton dressGivin ' in to a warm caressSweet and wild , girl I could not get enoughSweet and wild , taste of your love 
Girl , well if you’re gonna drink . Go on baby , just do your thing . Give up your keys . Hell why drive when you can stay with me ? And then after while we’ll sneak away from the bonfire . Walk by the moonlight and down at the riverside . Gotcha sippin’ on the moonshine . Baby , if you’re in mood you can settle for a one night rodeo . If you can be my tan-legged < PROPFEMALE > , I’ll be your Redneck < PROPMALE > . 
Headed to go mow fence rows fml 
I caught a wire in the mower today , it broke and whipped around knocked off my sunglasses and gouged my hat if I had time to I would have screamed like a little girl . 
Ragweed's rockin ' on the radion Free and easy down the road I go So I keep rollin ' like an old banjo Free and easy down the road I go Got the sun shinin ' on me like a big spotlight So I know everything is gonna be alright Ain't no tellin ' where the wind might blow Free and easy down the road I go Livin ' life like a Sunday stroll free and easy down the road I go 
did anyone watch < PROPFIRST > Beck's Restoring Honor to < PROPFEMALE > speech ? I would like to know whether he's an idiot or a complete and utter dumbass 
So take a flask from your crib can can and a pull of moonshine\ 
And say a prayer for them boys down in the mine 
She wants her nails painted black She wants the toy in the crackerjack She wants to ride the bull at the rodeo She wants to wear my shirt to bed She wants to make every stray a pet N ' Drive around in my truck with no place to go But she needs to feel that fire The one that lets her know for sure She's everything I want and more Her real < PROPFEMALE > , is to know I'd walk alone out on that wire To make her feel that fire 
And shepherds we shall be , for Thee , my Lord , for Thee . Power hath descended forth from Thy hand , that our feet may swiftly < PROPFEMALE > out Thy command . So we shall flow a river forth to Thee , and teeming with souls shall it ever be . 
Say no to drugs because if your drugs are talking to you , you have had too much 
why is the building of the Mosque such a big deal ? because its an election year , do I agree with it , I agree with thier right to do it but i think it is a bad idea . Americans are stupid the republicans could put a brainless monkey on the ballot and not only would it throw poo but it would win because Americans in general are being straight stupid , will i vote for Obama , probably not , but atleast he isn't < PROPFIRST > Biden 
Weekend is over and its time to go back to school do I care , nope college is great . yes , previous teachers I just said that 
Everybody strikes out nine times out of tenBut you got to step up to the plate son ‘cause every now and then(Fast ball)She walked right up to me(Here’s the pitch)Said could I take you home(Theirs a drive)Hey boys I’ll see you later(It could be , it ... it is ! )Goin’ goin’ goin’ gone(Swing batter batter swing ) 
I think some one has poured napalm in my stomach i feel like death if death got divorced and dog died in the same day 
Its a convoy 
Your < PROPFEMALE > green tint eyes watching every move I make . \ 
And that feeling of doubt , it's erased . \ 
I'll never feel alone again with you by my side . \ 
You're the one , and in you I confide . I give my heart , cause nothing can compare in this world to you 
Dear Americans , We totally agree with you about illegal immigration . Please allow us to show you to the nearest airport . Sincerely , Native Americans . 
How can you post the lyrics to a song thats just instrumentals ? 
Its just one of those days \ 
When you don't wanna wake up\ 
Everything is fucked\ 
Everybody sux\ 
You don't really know why\ 
But you want justify\ 
Rippin ' someone's head off\ 
No human contact\ 
And if you interact\ 
Your life is on contract\ 
Your best bet is to stay away motherfucker\ 
It's just one of those days 
you got to march to your own drum 
anyone want to give me a job or better yet pay me just to be me ? 
Seemed to stop my breath\ 
My head on your chest\ 
Waiting to cave in\ 
From the bottom of my ... \ 
Hear your voice again\ 
Could we dim the sun\ 
And wonder where we've been\ 
Maybe you and me \ 
So kiss me like you did\ 
My heart stopped beating\ 
Such a softer sin 
I've been wondering , which show has a higher crab haul , deadliest catch or jersey shore ? 
I wake up every morning , bright and early Roll out of bed but I'm never quite alone Tension is pulling me in all directions And all of these problems use me as their own Sometimes the pressure will just drive you crazy At any time I could explode I need some piece of mind , it's got me tired Don't wanna lose it , but I'm turning down that road I need a moment ' cause I've spread myself to thin 
So sick of the hobos always begging for change\ 
I don't like how I gotta work and\ 
They just sit around and get paid\ 
I hate all of the people who can't drive their cars . \ 
Bitch you better get outta the way\ 
Before I start falling apart 
If you don't like my work boots , I'm sorry about that , \ 
don't make fun of my hat , too , or you might get knocked flat , \ 
and you'll learn some more , if you ever pass down our way , \ 
about the folks without the dollars , and without white collars , \ 
hell , they are the American way . 
NCAA and The U of I can all disapear , there is no damn reason they can't let a group that is not affiliated to the school host a Chief Illiniwek Dance . The U of I lost thier right to the Illiniwek name when they backed down from the NCAA 
I have a craving for blueberry pancakes cough hint hint Alyx Keys Hays 
I know i ain't a saint\ 
I've been a sinner all my life\ 
I ain't trying to hide my flaws\ 
I'd rather keep them in the light 
Hey Ke$ha I hate to break it to you but my definition of hardcore has nothing to do with glitter on the floor 
If actions speak louder than words than how is it that the pen is mightier than the sword ? 
Cell one isn't working right if you need me send a message on here 
The most important things are the hardest things to say . They are the things you get ashamed of because words diminish your feelings - words shrink things that seem timeless when they are in your head to no more than living size when they are brought out . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Palin , I can see the end of your career from my house . Sincerely , Concerned Citizen . 
Dear California you are all retarded end of story 
Need a job so I can afford to get the hell out of this house ... 
people who drive 62 down the highway give me an ulcer 
Saw two deer run across the field across the road from the cemetary , it made me smile ... peace < PROPMALE > 
Headed to the highschool to watch my sister's play ... ready for tonight its been a while since I have < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > people 
The only deer I've seen's been < PROPFIRST > Deere green\ 
And that don't mean , that I got a raw deal\ 
' Cause ain't no boss callin ' me hoss \ 
Tickin ' me off on the edge of this cornfield\ 
on my second box of Winchester hundred grains\ 
Ain't seen a big < PROPMALE > but it's been a good day\ 
Sittin ' here , waitin ' on a deer , \ 
Drinkin ' beer and wastin ' bullets 
headed out to slay the monster < PROPMALE > 
will someone please make windshield wipers beat to my music 
The first jockstrap was used in Hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974 . It took 100 years for us to realize that the brain is also important . 
Sound of snow beneath my feet , I'm happy as hell 
says she talks to angels\ 
they call her out by her name\ 
oh yeah , she talks to angels\ 
says they call her out by her name\ 
she keeps a lock of hair in her pocket\ 
she wears a cross around her neck\ 
yes the hair is from a little boy\ 
and the cross is someone she has not met 
It was eight o'clock on a friday night\ 
in the middle of Town Square\ 
Couldn't hear the sirens \ 
' cause so many people cheered\ 
When the sheriff showed up , \ 
I was grinnin ' ear to ear\ 
In nothin ' but cowboy boots\ 
sets your spirit free\ 
That wild wild western birthday suit\ 
is the remedy for modesty\ 
It ain't proper , it ain't cool\ 
folks remember what you do\ 
in nothin ' , but cowboy boots 
perfect weather out 
What would it take for things to be quiet ? \ 
Quiet , like the snow . \ 
I know this isn't much but , \ 
I know I could I could be better . \ 
I don't think I deserve it ;\ 
selflessness find your way into my arm's . \ 
All stars could be brighter . \ 
All hearts could be warmer . 
between < PROPFIRST > , cartoon profile pictures , pokemon pictures now food pictures i think its all a scam .... facebook i hate you 
I wonder , can you buy chew at Costco ? because I would like a 5 gallon bucket's worth 
it only took me five minutes to figure how to post a status .... really interested to see the high school cast list because in my head the < PROPFIRST > don't exactly work 
Not to be blunt but screw finals 
We’ll do a little frog giggin , cow tippin\ 
How bout a little skinny dippin , bass fishin\ 
Take it easy on the shine\ 
Stay away from other boys women\ 
That’s one damn good way for a man to get it wooped down\ 
These boys tough down here\ 
Get your ass tore up down here\ 
And be an all nighter with the hippies and the hicks\ 
The jocks and bikers they all came 
Hey Lakeland i think the lady who just fell in front of me wants you to put salt on the sidewalks 
Don't Gain the World and Lose Your Soul , \ 
For Wisdom is Better than Silver or Gold 
Never settle for complatency 
i stand on a crumbling tower of my own design\ 
as it falls wings lift me away 
the truth be told , your eyes shine like beaten gold 
Got my first real six string bought it at the five and dime , played it til my fingers bled 
sometimes nothing sounds better than a fiddle 
A slow dance to a Black Crows cd , a blanket and a movie , a simple smile ; all I want is a night with you 
why does lakeland feel it necessary to not tell me what time my intensive crop scouting class is , at least tell me who my teacher is so i can go talk to them 
last semester i could park three parking spots away from the doors to the west building today the first two rows were full wtf 
Some days you got it all together\ 
You swear you have it figured out\ 
Other days you're stumbling and a wondering\ 
What the hell it's all about\ 
Life's kind of funny like that\ 
Sometimes you're the dog sometimes you're the cat\ 
All you can do is just keep going\ 
And thank God for what you have 
Shave a man's back for him and he'll purr like a walrus 
Arin Ilejay better not dissapoint foREVer 
anyone ever heard of Arin Ilejay he is the drummer who is supposed to be touring with avenged sevenfold this round 
I don't think I deserve it ; \ 
Selflessness . \ 
Find your way into my heart . \ 
our puppy is a born cattle dog it has bit me in the achille's like thirty times walking 
just so everyone knows lakeland is closed tomorrow for national sleep appreciation day 
Pilson Auto Center , your commercials are the worlds most annoying in the world 
you can't get honest news coverage here , if you try telling me that you think < PROPFIRST > olbermann , < PROPFIRST > matthews , or < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is nonbiased then you are just talking out your ass . same with < PROPFIRST > beck , rush limbaugh and , megyn < PROPFIRST > . 
Wow I just took a test about stuff we never learned in class fantastic 
Looks like we are in for more crazy weather ... sweet 
I promise to you Mr. Weatherman if I don't get that 8-16\ of snow I will hunt you down " 
No school again sweet ... to infinity and beyond 
I have no idea where my phone is if Lkaeland closes for some stupid reason someone message me on here 
you would think that since lakeland has school today they would plow their damn roads and parking lots 
Anyone know about the \bomb\ " found in Champaign on < PROPMALE > st " 
being stuck at home is a huge load of bull 
Best part of the superbowl so far , Slash , worst part a toss up between the national anthem and Fergie destroying Sweet Child O ' Mine . insert face in palm 
MasterCard commercial about the Super Bowl Halftime Show ... \ 
Ridiculous Outfits- $3000\ 
Auto Tune Machine- $5000\ 
Gig Payment- $1.2 Million\ 
Ruining A Guns N ' Roses Classic- Priceless 
Keg or bottles which is better tasting ? 
Interview today , time to rock out 
I like a girl in a truck a big four wheel drive\ 
Stereo blaring playing \Country Boy can Survive\ " \ 
You say you're the real deal\ 
But you play what nobody feels\ 
You sing about < PROPFIRST > Cash\ 
The man in black would've whipped your ass\ 
I don't think < PROPMALE > done it that way\ 
And if he was here he'd say Hoss , neither did Hank\ 
I ain't dogging what you're doing\ 
But boys come on let's get real\ 
You still got a lotta boot left to fill 
I would rather live a day as a lion than a year as a sheep 
The guy from Blue's Clues committed suicide ... depressing 
Throw up your Rawkfist\ 
If you're feelin it when I drop this\ 
Show ' em how we blow the spot\ 
Let's make it hot\ 
Let's shock ' em with the bodyrock\ 
' Til the party stops\ 
It's time to take it up a notch and keep it locked\ 
For all the headbangers in the parking lot\ 
Here we come , if you're ready or not\ 
No time to talk ' cause we on the clock\ 
Bringin ' that uhh uhh to your block 
MOUNTAIN TOP !!! 
Listening to Second Heartbeat makes me miss the Rev so damn much . Damn he was good 
I'd like to file rape charges , not for me but my wallet $50 to fill up my car is ridiculous . that means i spend like $500 a month just on fuel 
My name is < PROPMALE > but most just call me ............. < PROPMALE > . Blazing Saddles just gets funnier the more times I watch it 
Studying for my final tomorrow after owning my ones today 
I feel like the sign above monicals in < PROPFIRST > may be a little offensive to the people of indiana state ... Get more from Day one .... are you suggesting ISU girls are easy lmao 
ouch 
Sangamon County Fair : june 16 : < PROPFIRST > church , colt ford opening\ 
17th : Montgomery Gentry\ 
18th : < PROPMALE > Turner Steel < PROPFEMALE > opening\ 
website says Cross Canadian Ragweed disbanding won't affect the concert , does that mean they are still going to be there ? 
The jersey shore guy just ruined that roast , he got booed off the stage that is so funny , snoop dogg was awesome 
Start my new job tomorrow hope it works out 
Probably the last free weekend i'll have and I don't even get paid yet . I got a job why ? 
RUMSPRINGA !!! 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Yontz a damn good man 
You stood on that bank when i got baptized\ 
Gave me a thirty thirty when i turned nine\ 
At sixteen you caught me drinkin ' out in the barn\ 
I could hear you cheerin ' when we won state\ 
And i'll always be thankful you never sold the farm\ 
Grandpa you stood so tall\ 
Chewed that red man wore overalls\ 
You were the same man on sunday mornin ' as saturday night 
