Typing recipes and watching a bonehead chew on a bone 

`Contrariwise .... if it was so , it might be ; and if it were so , it would be ; but as it isn't , it ain't . That's logic . ' 
is looking forward to and dreading tomorrow 
fried chicken is one of gods greatest inventions 
listening to Ride of the Valkyries . simply the best song of the past millenia 
just saw the proposal . hot lesbian actian with < PROPFEMALE > white groping < PROPFEMALE > bullock !! 
DAMN IT . the dog went into heat and got blood on the carpet 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Got a taste , gotta say i'm a junkie for life She fused my fire and adrenaline high My need for speed's got me gunnin ' One touch she screams keep it comin ' Are you ready for the best damn ride of your life ? 
just finished cleaning my keyboard 
Halfway done reading Shutter Island . great book ! cant wait for the movie 
When I die , I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did , in his sleep -- not screaming , like the passengers in his car . 
“All creatures must learn to coexist . That’s why the brown bear and the field mouse can share their lives in < PROPFEMALE > . Or course , they can’t mate or the mice would explode . ” 
ITS FROGGY OUTSIDE !!!! 
how do you say nuclear ? 
should i buy a longboard ? 
\With that power I should have power too great and terrible . And over me the Ring would gain a power still greater and more deadly . " 
Awesome Day !! Saw < PROPFEMALE > , got a longboard and the new pokemon . Now three hours of homework !! 
My ass hurts 
Had a Midterm cancelled twenty minutes before i was supposed to take it . Can't decide if this sucks or is awesome =/ 
one hour 10 more minutes till new mythbusters !! so much better than survivor 
looking for some work . anybody kno of any cool jobs ? 
Awesome birthday !! Had a lot of fun . Got buzzed . Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy bday . I'm gonna respond to each of ya personally . And this is the first post on the Ipad !!! Even bettah 
I hate going to class when I feel like shit 
Didn't know hangovers could happen two days after u drink 
Does anyone want to be gym buddies with me ? 
Loves the ads for sperm donors that show up when I'm browsing Facebook 
Red Dragon 
Started reading at 9 just finished now . And it's not even for a class O.o 
Online driving school . Is sooooooo boring !! T_T 
Mom has been playing with my ipad for an hour and won't give it back T_T 
Hmmm pandas are so yummy to eat 
When the neighbors play their music too loud I dance naked . Shuts em down real quick 
A census taker once tried to test me . I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti . 
I just lit my kitchen on fire . :D 
Studying up on ripperology 
Takin the 911 challenge at smokeeaters 
Finished the smokeaters challenge in two bites . The only words to describe it are pure pain . And \fuck me \"" 
Eating foccacia and cooking Thai peanut noodles 
Monkeys arent donkeys !! Quit messing with my head !! 
Heavy Rain is an awesome Video Game 
Just finshed my serial killer presentation . Nailed it ! 
Today is a furlough day . But my teacher decided she's still gonna teach . Should I go ? Or screw it 
In < PROPFEMALE > , if you commit sodomy they will arrest you and put you in a cell with a man who will sodomize you 
Hmmm pra ram chicken and unagi sushi . There is nothing better 
is writing article reviews that were due two weeks ago . 
My doggy caught a mouse and was toying with it before I found her . Good girl ! 
Drinking a big glass of chocolate milk and watching simpsons 
She killed it O.O !!! 
Finally got a haircut 
At the As game . Who's gonna win ? 
While nothing is easier than to denounce the evil-doer , nothing is more difficult than to understand him . - Dosteyevsky 
Damnit forgot about a paper thats due tomorrow O.O !!!! 
Can we pretend that airplanes In the night sky Are like shooting stars . I could really use a wish right now ( wish right now , wish right now ) 
liquid bandage is hella wierd 
How do make a chihuaha and a < PROPMALE > shepherd get along ? 
Remember , no one can male you feel inferior without your consent . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Erotica is using the feather . Porn is using the whole damn chicken 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for dinner . Yummies ! 
I just realized my dog always looks high 
For those that believe , no proof is necessary . For those that don't believe , no proof is possible . 
GOD DAMN IT !! I walk away for five seconds and my dog eats all the food off my plate 
My phone just rang . I picked it up and heard \Hi this is < PROPFEMALE > Palin ... \ " I'm scared . " 
I'd be Yoda's bitch 
Some People possess iron wills , Others , Iron Balls 
she's on the prowl\ 
wanders in the < PROPFEMALE > light\ 
she's crying to herself because\ 
eyes never once looked cruel\ 
but the < PROPFEMALE > in the blade \ 
shimmered like a jewels\ 
he looked at him with pleading eyes\ 
he softly spoke , \ 
\my dear the love has died\ " \ 
Doesn't really care about another lame toy story movie . 
I do not believe it . I just bought my computer and a key already fell off 
Texting while driving is like jerking off while your juggling . Too many balls in the air , if you catch my drift . 
Oh NO !! GOt my Final Project and forgot to do it !! Time to cram it together ! 
just got up to go to vegas !!! wonder how much money ill win !!! 
Oh noooees !!! I lost $80 !!! 
Potato salad from scratch . Yaaaay ! 
Woke up this morning , realized I left my keys in the ignition all night . Don't worry . No one could steal my car cause I also had a dead battery . 
WOOT !! got an A in fingerprints !! Totally made my day ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > H . Pedroni , gone but not forgotten . I miss you and will always try to make you proud . 
So just found out that the renters across the street have been sticking gum to people's cars . What a bunch of assholes ! 
Just chased off seven raccoons from my front porch 
My life is over . My PS3 stopped working 
So , I am an idiot because I thought classes start tomorrow . 
Went to dinner to celebrate my Mommy's Birthday . Went to Pampas in Palo Alto . Ate great food , Great Company . I will now go and die from the meat coma ........... 
OMG ! an entire neighborhood in San < PROPMALE > disappears into an explosion .... 
FUCK ME !! just dropped my phone . Cracked the screen all to hell 
I used to have an open mind , but people kept walking in 
< PROPFEMALE > tales do not tell children the dragons exist . Children already know that dragons exist . < PROPFEMALE > tales tell children the dragons can be killed 
Anybody know where to get a good Bibimbap ?? 
Hot damn !! The Niners finally won !!! 
wants to watch paranormal activity but is too scared :O 
GO GIANTSS !!!!! <3 
Hot damn ! Go Giants !! 
AW MAN !! I want to watch the Giants Game but i have a test !! D= Maybe I should skip the test and root for the Giants !!!! 
Lmao . I'm watching the giants game and it switches to Spanish ! Wtf 
Ugh . I wake up on my day off and I have a cold . Fucking great . D= 
I REFUSE TO BE YOUR DILDO !!! 
Is now addicted to < PROPFIRST > Lambert !! 
First he hits the guy with the ball then he acts like a child . Pull Sanchez from the game and leave him out . 
HOT DAMN !! GO GIANTS !!!!! 
Let's go Niners !!! Let's kick some ass ! 
Hot damn ! Good job McDonald !! Nice touchdown !! 
I dreamt I was babysitting < PROPFEMALE > Palin's grandson . Then he killed her . I am never taking Nyquil again 0.0 
Did you know .. that when you smell , look at , or pick a flower , you're sniffing , staring at , and ripping off a plant's genitals ??? 
' I haven't left my house in days . I watch the news channels incessantly . All the news stories are about the election ; all the commercials are for Viagra and Cialis . Election , erection , election , erection -- either way we're getting screwed!' -- < PROPFEMALE > Midler . 
Remember me . I gave you life You would not take it Your suffering was all in vain It's almost over Remember me You were so young How could I tell you Remember me I am the one Who saved your life that night 
Cmon Giants !!! Let's kick some Ranger ASS !!! 
If the Giants win the world series I am going to die my beard orange and black in tribute 
Watching the giants game . And getting ready to bribe kid with tubs of sugar . Gonna be a good night ! 
FUCK YEAH ! GIANTS WIN THE WORLD SERIES !!!!! 
I have become addicted to everything fail 
is currently laughing his tits off 
I am considering becoming a vegetarian 
Yummies . I love masala !! 
I want another puppy !!!!! 
Has officially become a gleetard 
President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Will you also consider cutting your own pay to saveso much more money for our country ? And how about lets cut some of our Congress's pay too . If the people who risk their lives for us don't get ... an increase , why would we continue raising ... pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Copy & paste if you agree . 
I need names for my dragons . thoughts ? 
Trial tomorrow !! really nervous !! 
From now until December 7th change your profile picture to one of a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . The objective of this is not to see any human face on facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight against Violence to Children . Remember we were kids too ... Pass it on to a friend . 
Mock Trial is all over . The jury found him Not Guilty ! 
Should really be working on his Personality Paper , but screwing around on the internet is more fun ! 
And I find it kind of funny\ 
I find it kind of sad\ 
The dreams in which I'm dyin'\ 
Are the best I've ever had 
So , let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ...?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL 
Remember to learn to forget\ 
Whiskey shots and cheap cigarettes\ 
Well I'm not stoned\ 
I'm just fucked up 
I officially hate everyone who got to see the eclipse . I was sick in bed and missed it -_- 
I am honestly glad christmas is over . It is fast becoming my least favorite holiday . Bah Humbug ! 
Just had an eye exam and my eyes are dilated . The pain ..... 
Yuck !!! Ordered a burger at red robins . Came out raw !!! 
Finally saw Inception !!! 0.0 
Yay earthquakes are fun !!! 
So the zodiac signs have changed and now there is a 13th zodiac . 0.0 
Pretty , pretty please\ 
Dont you ever , ever feel\ 
Like you're less than\ 
Fucking perfect\ 
If you ever , ever feel\ 
Like you're nothing\ 
You're fucking perfect to me 
my Profs this semester LOVE assigned reading . 
WooHoo !! another weekend of homework !!! Can't get anymore exciting !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Nilsen . British Serial Killer . Killed fifteen people . \ 
Attempted to dispose of the bodies by flushing them down the toilet ....... 
