3 weeks til Otakon or geek fest as some of you have < PROPMALE > named it . cant wait 

found out Blood the last vampire was made into live action film and that it comes out this friday . Guess i am going to the movies this weekend 
Finally Otakon tomorrow . I cant wait . and got called into work early today also so I get out earlier . 
Getting to Otakon yesterday was not fun . but after waking up and leaving 6 am breaking down , getting towed back to < PROPFEMALE > from < PROPFEMALE > , driving back to < PROPFEMALE > in a car with no radio and spending much time getting lost , trying to find parking , and waiting i 
lost my hat 
is attempting to learn to play the piano 
slowly getting sick of online dating sites 
I decided to finally finish an amv I have started a month or so ago . Now onto the next one . maybe 
was bored and took a geek test . My geekiness is only 32% and says I am a total geek . Does anyone else feel this number should be higher ? 
cant wait till Fullmetal Alchemist : Brotherhood this coming sat . 
another all nighter of Final Fantasy XI . I guess I should get some sleep . 
beaten God of War 3 
cant wait for the Trans-Siberian Orchestra concert tommarow 
just got back from Trans-Siberian Orchestra and it was unbelievably awesome . 
i know its a few days late but thank you to all who wished me a happy birthday 
Otakon is at the end of next month July 30-August 1 . Who is planning on going this year ? 
got annoyed of dating sites so I delete all my profiles . At least till I get bored one day and redo them again thust the cycle continue once again ....... as you can see I was bored enough to tell you all this . 
Count down to Otakon begins 
bored until Otakon tomorrow 
Didn't make it to the amv finals in the Otakon 2010 amv contest . There always next year . Now I need to get the Burger dance song out of head 
Found out yesterday that there is going to be a cowboy bebop and ghost in the shell live action movie . 
Playing starcraft 2 
Got Final Fantasy XIV and can't play it since the severs are down . At least it gives me more time to figure out which race to play . 
started playing world of warcraft again . Don't think anyone in my guild knew I was gone lol 
Got shadow broker for mass effect 2 and more importantly I got The Essential Weird < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > Yankovic album . Now if only I can play weird < PROPMALE > while playing starcraft 2 
Vacation is almost over and all I have done was play World of Warcraft . 
