A new year with a fresh start , new mistakes to be made , new people to annoy , lots more people to laugh at , oh yea .... i'm ready ! Bring It ! 

Time for board games .... gonna kick some < PROPFIRST > butt , lol ! 
So bored ! Can't find anything entertaining to do . < PROPFIRST>'s at work , kids with gramaw , I can't stand tv , the book i'm reading is stupid , nothing to do . < PROPFIRST > brothers is calling my name ... < PROPFIRST > Galexy here I come ! 
Lol ... forgot I had a facebook ... 
It's official ... my cats retarded ! 
Piggy Tales are awesome !!! 
CONGRATS TO < PROPMALE > AND KAYLA ... OUR NEW GRADUATES !!!!!!!! 
Okay I'm jus gonna put it out there ! You parents who don't know how to set standards and morals in your kids , you jus suck ! You make it hard for the parents who try to do the right thing ! Ha , I said it ! No take backs either ! 
how com some good people arn't worthy of wat they want most , < PROPFEMALE > those who get it simply tak it for granted or toss it away ? How much self sacrifice does it take ? How much pain does one person hav to bare ( physically & emotionally) ? Its jus not fair for some1 to toss aside wat they hav < PROPFEMALE > you'd giv anything in the world to hav wat they hav . 
How do I feel ? I feel emotionally numb , spiced up with a little anger and physically beaten . Yea , that pretty much sums it all up . BUT .... I'm still blessed . 
< PROPFEMALE > Graduated from Horse Camp !! She trotted off into the sunset ! Ride along lil ' pony , ride a long ! 
Woke up this morn & all the kids wer still sleeping ! A quiet peaceful morning ! I was like a fat kid in a pie factory ! Nothing but joy !.... Then they woke up ...... ' sigh ' 
I'm bummed . Its my fault though . I wish I wasn't so stinking competitive . I always want to be the best at everything . I let myself get bummed , all my fault . 
Stayed up all night watching home videos . I was cracking up . Isn't it great when you can laugh at yourself and recognize the fact that you are a goober . 
\Fear is the path to the Dark Side . Fear leads to anger ; anger leads to hate ; hate leads to suffering . \ " ..... Yoda " 
\Who's more foolish the fool or the fool who follows him . \ " ... Obi-Wan " 
I'v been playin the game ( Farmville ) for ever but I just don't get it ! How do u harvest a cat ? What , am I milking the cat ?? Guess I'm milking the chinchillas too ..... Hmmm , Milking a cat sound dangerous . 
Went back to school shopping with the kids today . Thank God for layaway . 
I had to attend a siminar today . You'd think that if your entire group of people started to nod off on you , you'd want to change tactics a little . But nope . Why oh why do people do that ? Spice it up man ! Geez , your kill'n me ! 
Annerversarys this monday . We're going out tonight for a nice dinner to celebrate . I'm excited . Should be fun . 
went out to dinner w the hubby . it was nice . i think i like him ... yep , i think i do . 
“You should have to pass an IQ test before you breed . You have to take a driving test to operate vehicles and an SAT test to get into college . So why dont you have to take some sort of test before you give birth to children ? When I am President , thats the first rule I will institute . ” 
1st day at the new job ... it was fun ! Ready to finally eat dinner , curl up with my book , and snuggle into bed . 
Another day comming to an end . Today is a day of a new < PROPFEMALE > , a new branch of my life , a new piece of my whole familys life . It is scary , it is anxious , but together we will hold it together , for one another . Now is when family strangth is needed most . 
Mom ... I love you . 
Who's your all time favirate super hero ? 
Thats what you get for being ugly !!! :) 
Just got out of the pool with the kids and hubby . Water felt so good ! Walked threw my garden . Stupid bugs are eating my tomatoes . I hate that . Today was a good one . 
Got a lot of stuff on the mind . Tried to sleep but tossed and turned for over an hour with no luck . Its almost like whispers in my ear in the dark , reminding me of memories I just don't want to remember so much anymore . How many of you really believe in the power of < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Got church tomorrow . I love my church . I really like the people there too . I'm hauling five kids in to church with me ... lol . May show up in a state of hysteria ! These kids are so wired tonight . Hope your ready for em < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Oh my goodness .... I'm so sleepy ! Guess thats what you get when you agree to an 8 hear olds slumber party . Nap Time ! 
Browsing on the puter ... seeing whats new . Kids are at the fair with their gammy having a blast . Hubbys nappin . House is quiet .... oh yea .. its all good ! 
Monday , Monday , Monday ... back to work . Hey isn't there a song about Monday Monday ? Blame my dad for raising me on the 60's music . 
TELL ME WHY THIS IS ... As far as my EX is concerened , everything that went wrong is my fault even though we aren't even together ! AND everything that could have gone wrong for him but didn't bums me out because I guess I'm supposed to want HIM TO SUFFER ! Granit I'd like to let him spend a day in a head lock smelling my raunchiest farts all day , but WHY IS IT I'M \SO EVIL AND HATEFUL AND ALWAYS TO BLAME\ " . AGRAVATED ! " 
Dammit !!!!!!! Whys everything got to be so dagon expensive !!! 
Tomorrow is hopefully going to be a fun filled , baseball watching day with the fam . Christian hasn't been to a game in forever . It'll be like his first baseball game all over again . 
Had a great weekend . Did a lot of fun stuff with the kids and Hubby ! 
Saturday we took the kids to a reds game . Reds beat the braves which was awesomd for the kids to see . It was a lot of fun ! Then today we went canoeing and kyaking with the church . It was a blast . Saw water snakes , lil fish , christian found a huge empty clam . We swam , canoed , tried to dunk < PROPFIRST > but he wasn't having . It was great ! 
Don't you hate it when some rains down on your parade ? Like geez , get a life and learn to smile once and awhile ! Anyways , off to the store . Gots to pay bills and grociery shop ... wooo hoo . 
Battling my mind today . Not feeling very good about myself today . I guess everyone has days like that though . 
Saw a crazy lightening storm tonight . Huge bolts of lightening shooting up from the ground . Only wish I had a camera on me at the time . I'd love to be a storm chaser . Storms always facinated me . Used to set outside when little with my dad during storms and watch mother nature in all her beautiful fury . 
Grandma gave Christian some $$ and now he is begging me to take him to walmart to spend his big bucks . I remember being a kid and getting money to spend . It was like the greatist thing ever !!! Now all my money goes to bills . You see it in your hand and think , hmmm thats not gona stay there long . 
God love him , but man is he slow !!!! < PROPFIRST > just spent the last 3 hours looking at pieces to make a book shelf and couldn't figure out how to do it . He spent his first 1/2 an hour staring at it . OMG , smoke comming from the ears ! When he leaves for work , I'll have it made and done in a matter of an hour if that . How is it this man grew up with no handy man skills what so ever !? This is like a daily routine people !!! 
Off to do a little shopping with the momster . Don't hardly ever get her to agree to go out of the house with me . I'm anticipating a very good day today . 
It was a good day . Did some work on the piano . Always makes me feel better . Spent some time with my mom , thats a blessing . The kids got along pretty well today , thats a miracle in itself . Their cute , but don't let their faces fool ya . They can be little devils ! 
Going out with my parents tonight . Supposed to go to the lacomedia . Gonna watch cenderella on stage . Should be a lot of fun . The kids are excited . 
Well , we saw < PROPFEMALE > at the La Comedia tonight and it was < PROPFEMALE > o funny . The step sisters made the whole show . They were halariouse ! There were < PROPFEMALE > many little girls dressed up like < PROPFEMALE > there . They were so cute in their puffy sparkly dresses ! Well , the kids are in bed and I'm headed that way to curl up with a good book . 
Off to work here soon . Hopefully it'll be a fun day . Way to hot outside , lets home the classroom isn't a scortcher like it was last week . 
Took a nap . Woke up and thought , wow , this did a lot of good . Felt 10x's more tired . Now , I'm off to work . Pretty excited to be off tomorrow . I have a part time job interview tomorrow . Send me some luck guys and gals . 
I get home from work just as < PROPFIRST > clocks in ... sucks . But hey .... I get the < PROPFEMALE > size bed all to myself !!! Woooo Hooo !!! Seriously people , sleeping is < PROPFEMALE > under rated . Its great stuff ! 
Guess what !!! Little over a week and school starts back up . My kids are dreading it , lol . Mama can't wait !!! 
With the heat index it is 104 degrees outside ! OMG I went outside and thought for sure my flip flops were melting to the ground ! I hope everyone has their kids and pets inside . Its hot enough to kill somebody out there ! 
Is sitten here chillen in the air , munchin on apples and peanutbutter ... yum 
Okay , I left somthing on the stove and walked over to mom's ( next door ) . I thought , oh < PROPFIRST>'s alseep in the next room and I'll be right back , it'll all be okay . I forgot it till just now . Went home , house filled with so much smoke you couldn't breath , smoke alarms going crazy ...... and < PROPFIRST > ...... sound asleep ! WTF ! How is that possible ! 
Okay , sunday night is pillow fight night at my house . The kids are pumped , I'm ready to kick some buuutttaaaaeee , and kevins still sleeping . Gonna have to wake that mo fo up with a pillow upside the head :) Oh yea .... there all going DOWN .... 
My Homework from NEXUS : I stood outside watching the storm clouds roll in over the house ( love storms ) . I saw the beauty in the clouds , they wer unfolding like a stairway to heaven . I felt as if I was in the presence of the all mighty mother god herself . I felt blessed to whitness it and to share the experience with my children . 
Life isn't black and white people . On a subject there are plenty shades of opinions . Think about the HEALTHCARE REFORM < PROPMALE > , is it good or bad ? Its both , why ? because there are good things about it and bad . Don't let yourself get caught up in black and white thinking . It halts your growth , then halts your oppurtunities . 
Lady GaGa is the ugliest man I have ever seen . I mean seriously , even plastic surgury couldn't help . 
I have a lot to be thankful for every day . But today especially , specific prayers have been answered and confirmed . Its so great when your reminded how great the spirit and body of prayer really is . LOVE U MOM ! 
Hubbys taken me to the flea market today . Gonna walk around and see all the goodies . Now if only i had some spair money to buy somthing ... then I'd be set . But It'l be fun to walk around . 
Okay , I am a huge transformer fan ... just gonna put it out there . Guess it makes me a dork . I love comic heros too , xmen's my fav !!! So I watched transformers 2 today , it was awesome ! Go Optimis Prime !!! 
Would your consider it a weakness to feel for the one who treated you like shit for years ? Is it a weakness to want to help the person who always turned you away , even when you gave them your whole hart back when ? Better yet , is it my sickness ? 
Kids are back in school . Christian woke up bright eye'd and bushy tailed . < PROPFEMALE > woke up swinging . So mean she'd probably stab people in the eye with a fork ... not a morning person ! Rotten Butt !!! 
About to go get the kids from their first day of school . Hopefully they had a great day . I can usually tell by the way they are walking towards the car . fingers crossed ... 
Really tired . Gonna go curl up with my book until I pass out . Sooo glade I can go back to sleep after the kids go to school . Not that I need the extra beauty sleep or anything ..... :P 
What is it with Robertson's not being morning people to the extreme ? Seriously . < PROPFEMALE > had to have gotten it from her dad . Sooooo mean and grumpy in the mornings ! Geeesh . Totally walking on eggshells with this kid in the mornings . Reminds me of someone I knew well a long time ago .... 
Went to take < PROPFEMALE > to get a new school jacket . Went to dots ( they got cute xs stuff ) ... nothing , went to fashion but ... nothing , went to walmart .... nothing . Geesh this kid is picky !!! Guess I'll take her to kmart tomorrow ! She's killing me . YOUR KILLING ME SMALLS ! 
Had 4 hours of sleep last night and drove all over the tristate this morning and afternoon . Sooo sleepy . Now I'm waiting till I have to get the kids . So much running around . I need a limo and driver to do it all for me .... if only ..... 
CHRISTIAN'S FRIENDS AND FAMILY ... his birthday party is 9/30 ( thursday ) . We will be having a COSTUME PARTY . It will be lots of fun . Not sure on the time yet . Let me know what time is best for all of you and I'll work on it . REALLY .. POST AND LET ME KNOW .. 
IMPORTANT TO MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY : I changed my phone plan . I no longer accept phone calls . I only accept tex on my phone . So from now on , if you need me you can tex me only . If you absolutly need to \talk\ " I'll have to call you from my mom's phone . " 
My day : Went to church , was great , came home , finished my book , watched christian practice with his new bow , jumped on the trampoline , tortured the dogs with a bath and grounded both my kids for fighting . Yep , it was a good day .... I'm still breathing :) 
Guess what ... I sighned up for the curves program . Should do me some good . Hopefully I'll get back to the size i used to be ... much smaller ... 
I had a very promising interview today . I'm crossing my fingers and toes that I'll get a phone call tonight around five . If I do , I\m on my way to a 2nd interview and training . woo hooo ..... " 
My poor baby boys been sick with another bad migraine all day . Poor thing can't keep anything down . His poor body is so sore from throwing up . Can't even keep medicine down . I feel so helpless when I can't make his pain go away :( 
Really Super Excited Today !!! Things are in the process of change for the good !!! :) 
I colored up < PROPFEMALE>'s hair tonight ... Geri's too ( < PROPFEMALE > had to write me a permission slip first just in case ... I'm wierd and cautiouse like that ) . They look cute . I'm gonna have to take some pictures . They have little purple streeks in their hair . 
Spent the first half of the day with Kevin ... my favirate man in the whole world , then the second half of the day with my snugglebunnies . My most favirate people on this earth ! My kids fight a lot , but I have a beautiful , good , wonderful family . Somthing to be thankful for . 
Its gonna be a good day . Gonna check out the Hamilton Oktober Fest .... I hope its as much fun as it was a few years ago . < PROPFEMALE>'s camping with her gramaw and papaw and Christian's having some mommy and son time this weekend . Fun time ! 
Had a lot of fun today with my boys . Christian really thought it was neat/wierd at oktoberfest , the music , food , the way some dressed . My family's very < PROPMALE > . He thought it was wierd how our great grandfathers and grandmothers dressed like that . Cute . 
Just a heads up for friends of Christian ( < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > DAKOTA'S BROTHER < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ECT ) and Family Of Christian ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ANYONE I FORGOT ): His bday is SEPT 30th , he is having a costume party again this year . This is your heads up warning for those of you interested in comming . 
Death at a funeral was a belly wrenching funny movie . If you haven't seen it , I suggest ya do . We also got ' the purposal ' which was also funny . 
Had a good day . Lets hope tomorrow is just as good . Pretty sure it will be as long as we are all breathing and still kicking dirt . :) 
training is a hard slow process , but i want the bad enough so im gonna make it through !! 
So tired , feet hurt , I've gone all day non stop . I finnally get to set down and have breakfast , lunch and dinner ... Sometimes thats how the cookie crumbles . 
attitude check !!! :~) 
Saw a news piece wer a dad boarded a bus because his daughter was being bullied . He probably took the wrong approach , but bullying on the bus and at schools is a seriouse problem . Some kids are relentless . I've read studies wer pre teens have committed suicide over the non stop harassment . 
I was setting in my car at the grociery store . A lady PUSHES her cart into my back bumper ! She leaves the cart there and gets into her car like everythings ok !!! I get out , check my car and let her know wat I really thought about the situation .... Come on ! She could've at least checked my car , at least removed her cart from my bumper instead of leaving it there ! Where is the decency in people now a day !!! 
CHRISTIAN'S BIRTHDAY PARTY : Will be October 2nd . Please make sure to clear your calender for that day . I will be sending inventations because we are going to make it a ' halloween party/ birthday party ' for him . The kids will have a blast . 
Watched a low budget movie tonight that was amazing . Its called Dalbo , a cartoon , beautifully made , most creative artwork , and the story is so beautifully politically told . It was amazing . You guys should look it up . I got it from the library . 
?? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . •*l 
My mind is on over drive today . Smokes probably comming from my ears . I think today , I am spiritually drained and need prayer .............. 
Setting here waiting for the pizza to get done . Gonna finish watching my show , eat some pizza then head out to the gym to workout . I anticipate a fun filled , blessed day ahead of me . Having a blast getting things ready for the birthday party comming up . Fun Times !!! 
Finally got the kids to ( stay in ) bed . Tried to get my creativness kicked up into high gear today . Been a little lazy on creativness here lately . Its nice getting back into the groove . 
Over heard a conversation today . Supposedly , obama is killing < PROPFEMALE > , killed our economy , because of obama there are no more jobs left in < PROPFEMALE > . Funny , I kinda thought we had economy problems before obama , like when bush threw us on a wild goose < PROPMALE > war ....... 
Baby J spent the night at his buddys , me and V had some girl time . We rented movies and chowed down on fried rice . Diary of a whimpy kid is a great movie . Had me laughing almost the whole time !!! 
Off to search for halloween costumes . One of my most favirate things to do every year ! 
Gave the dogs a bath tonight . Talk about stinky ! Give sassy a bath and what does she do ?... Runs right out to the big pile of dirt , rolls around and digs untile she is covered with dirt again . Got to find the humor in life . 
OMG !!! I got a book from the children's department at < PROPFIRST > Public Library . It was supposed to be for kids !!! I started reading it for < PROPFEMALE > and christian tonight and it started talking about how the boy got beat up and he was going to go back and cut up the other little boy and kill him !!! I couldn't believe they'd have such a book like that for kids at the library !!! 
Ever notice how the grass always seems greener on the other side of the fence ? Ever think it might be because there's even more manure on that side ? 
Dear Papaw , Wish heaven had a phone so we could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , & days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I haveare memories & a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part .. God has you in his arms we have you in our hearts . Re-post if u love someone in heaven ? 
thinks marriage licenses should be like drivers licenses with expiration dates , renewal is optional . 
Funny how i can be so mad at him one minute but he takes my breath away the next ..... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHRISTIAN < PROPMALE > ROBERTSON !! ur officially 9 ! Love u snuggle bunnie !! 
Going a little crazy today . The big party is tomorrow and I'm trying to get everything ready ! I'm driving < PROPFIRST > crazy with my craziness !! Damn my perfectionism !!! 
Christians birthday party went well . Now I'm soooo tired and can't wait to sleep ! 
If it wasn't for crazy people , the world would be a boring place . I like to think that my insanity adds to helping the world become a better place :) 
Jus got done shopping w christian w his bday $ . In gamestop he's worse than me in a clearance section of walmart ! 
Had a great day , Saw some pretty awesome video games at gamestop I'm gonna have to get . The new < PROPMALE > potter lego is totally calling my name ! 
Woke up with a blinding headach in my eyes ! Walking around the house in shades ! 
Getting Christian to do chores is like trying to convince my cat to just ' jump in the tub ' for a shower ..... not happening without a little force .... sargent mom .... Here I come ! 
I like it in the car ...... and on the kitchen table 
Meeting the hubby for lunch . Pretty happy ! i officially got a new job . PT's better than nothing ! I'm all SMILES ! 
So i'm supposed to meet < PROPFIRST > ¡ applebees . i go & set for over an hour waiting for him . turns out he fell asleep ! The Butt ! 
Som guys R so stupid < PROPFEMALE > it Coms to girls ! \\nY cant they understand that < PROPFEMALE > a girls sad she doesnt want 2 B sad , she wants him 2 care enough to make her smile ! 
Really Super sleepy ! Went to a seminar at Miami U . this morning . < PROPFIRST > Underhill is a very good presenter . 
is SOOOO glade she isn't back in high school . Teenage girls are so freak'n mean ! Their worse bullys then boys because their all psychological warfare !! 
crack head ..... its just s fun word to call a person ... lol ... ya freak'n crack head ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who is a huge part of your world , who is perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything for you , that makes you laugh no matter how bad a day you have had , who is your bestfriend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday , then post this as your status . 
Setting here at the park with my sweetest husband on sweetest day ! 
Had a busy day ! We took Mittens to the pet blessing today . It was a ceremony to thank god for our pets because their special :) . So many cute adorable puppies running around ! I must say though , Mittens was the pudiest ! My angel puppy ! Love Love ! 
\monday monday\ " i'm so tired ! it's taking every ounce of energy to keep my eyes open ! " 
It's mommy week i first became a mommy November 4 , 1999 to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Robertson , my little rose-budd , then again September 30 , 2001 to Christian < PROPMALE > Robertson , my sweet little baby J ! 
has never wanted to high five someone in the face so bad in her life ! Really hard too ! Yea , its been one of those couple of days . 
I did < PROPFEMALE>'s eye brows last night . It was so funny because every time I pulled a hair she jumped and made the stupidest faces . 1st time she ever got her brows done . I\m proud of her . She was brave :) " 
I'm wearing purple !! Did you ? 
Why is it back then every movie made had opera singing in it ? Why couldnt they jus say it instead of screaming it with opera music ? 
I'm watching \victor < PROPMALE>'s sweethearts\ " . A young < PROPFEMALE > MacDonald looks a lot like my gramaw hamman . " 
Had a nice brekfast with the hubby this morn . Feels like a better brighter day already . 
Post this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . 
... believes it's OK to talk to yourself . It's even OK to answer yourself . But if you argue with yourself and lose ... well , now you got a problem . 
I took this test : http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/JTypes2.asp and I scored E 22% N 38% T 12% J 56% Discription : \ENTJs have a natural tendency to < PROPFIRST > and direct . This may be expressed with the charm and finesse of a world leader or with the insensitivity of a cult leader\ " ..... ha ha funny " 
Wats wrong with me ?? I've been hungry all day so far ! 
What a week ! Wish i didn't have drama starters in my life but some no matter how hard you try their always gonna be there on the outter circle . Been ready to pull my hair out , run away , smack someone upside the head .... Some people , you just want left alone , but they just don't get it and know the exact buttons to push . Seriously , sombody better pray for me . 
Wrestled Christian on the trampoline today . Took him down with a nose hold ! 
What a great day . Its awesome to be married to a partner who makes you feel like the most important person in the world . Love him so much ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
To everyone that wished me HAPPY BIRTHDAY today , thank you ! I spent the day with the fam .... check out my birthday pics :) 
The winds crazy . some of us may need to get the candles and matches out here soon ... 
Well , no tornado ! not even a power outage ! Sucks a little . I'm one of them people who love storms , can't waite for the aftermath to check it out . Thank goodness everyones safe though . The kids were in tornado drill at school for two hours ! < PROPFEMALE > read , they let Christian color . 
I'm soooo tired !!! Right at bedtime my son shows me a note from his teacher . He turned in only 2 of his in class assignments last week ! Can we say GROUNDED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bye bye PS2 , Wii , DS , Social Life , the all mighty trampoline ...... GONE !!!! 
Allergys are kicking my butt ! kinda sucks that i'm allergic to benadryl . 
My boy had some stinky feet today ! Wheww ! Had to pull out the old foot soaker and coat his feet with some stinky remover ! Talk about < PROPFEMALE > ! It was worse than being in the car with the windows up after < PROPFEMALE > eats beans ! Pretty Bad !!! Anyone who knows < PROPFEMALE > ... really knows her ... you know what I mean . Ya'll would'a been feeling for me ! 
I feel a since of pride today . So proud of my little snuggle bunnies ! They are getting so big , gaining new social boundaries , testing waters . I'm so proud of them . You know , I did have somthing to do with that . Kinda feel proud of myself :) 
Halloween night baby !! i'm so excited ! can't wait to paint up our faces . told the kids their working for me tonight !! :) 
Just got done watching shakspear's < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . so sad , but i still love it . had to translate for christian but he liked it too ! 
:( Kinda down ... Just saw a friend who was one of my best budds . haven't seen her in years . Saw her today and found out instead of growing up , she grew up to be a party girl . Really wanted somthing better for her . 
Just got home from work feeling pretty sleepy . I got a huge cake to start making . < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party is this saturday ! She turns 11 tomorrow ! Growing up so fast . 
Had a great productive day ! Got < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday cake started , I'm making gates and got them painted , got the house straight , and still had time to mess with the kids a little . Now I can't waite to curl up with my new book . 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Surprised < PROPFEMALE > by leaving flowers and a huge horse balloon in the office at school for her . Then i gave all her friends cake & cookies at lunch . 
Got bad news today . < PROPFIRST > distroyed his car , again . So after his dad was nice enough to get it fixed , it no longer works . Blew a head gasket thing . So now I need to find some < PROPFEMALE > dust an sprinkle a lil because he needs a car for work and we need a lil magic to make that happen . 
Couldn't sleep last night . the plan today is to go home and finish decorating < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday cake . party's tomrw !! 
Special needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week and this is in honor of those who have children with special needs And those who work with children with special needs . 
Busy ! Got the birthday cake done finally , straightened house up a lil , got lots of lights to string up still ... running on 2 hours sleep 1 mountain dew and 2 red bulls and I'm still so tired ! 
Birthday party went great ! Fireworks were awesome ! < PROPFEMALE > had a blast ! She has 5 girls spending the night christian has 2 boys spending the night ! THATS 9 KIDS ALL NIGHT ! I'm a brave soul ! 
Got plenty of sleep but the past two days i cant get enough sleep . so tired ! doesnt help that its freaking hot enough here at work to suffacate someone . 
< PROPFEMALE > got the new legoes < PROPMALE > potter wii game for her bday . I'm so excited to play it ... i'm jus too stinking tired ! i LOVE Legoes games ! 
Spiritually death might be beautiful , but physically it is a very ugly thing . 
Okay , I don't know all the facts but I have a friend named Jonny who is in the hospital . He and his family need prayer . Any friend of mine will take time out to pray for him and his family . Thanks Guys ! 
Deep breath , exhale , deep breath , exhale ... think of the serenity prayer ... it'll be okay .... I'm just glade stupidity isn't like a viruse . 
It's friday ... not my birthday ... happy anyways ... because its friday ... wooohooo its friday . ( my song writing skills ) 
Christian and I walked into krogers and we see this lady with huge poofy hair ( it was obviouse she either didn't know what to do with it or she was having a bad hair day ) . Christian whispers to me , \what happened to her ?! She looks like thing 1 from the Thing 1 and Thing 2 ! \ " Lol ! I've created a monster ! " 
Christian and I made chocolate chip cookies ! This kid is mesmorized by cracking of eggs ! He thinks it's the neatest thing ever . Must be the male dystructive gene ... always wanting to break somthing , take somthing apart or just get really dirty . 
< PROPFIRST > simmons family jewels .... halarious ! 
is venting ... work was just getting on my nerves today , my dad and I got in an argument , he was totally being a punk , and I get to band rehersal to find that its cancelled ( my fault for missing the call ) . I'm having a ' grrrr ' moment . Looking on the bright side , I've had much worse days ... 
Was watching national geographic 2day . mayans , egyptians , nostradomus all claim world doom is 2012 . prophocys arnt set in stone & arnt always complete . could jus be one great nations doom instead of the world ... 
My cousin died last night . She was such a sweet person . Maybe now over in heaven she'll get to do all the things she didn't get to do over here , like run , jump , walk . I just wish God could pull back the curtain so I could peer into heaven and see her running , jumping and playing with all the other angels . 
Setting here at < PROPMALE > evans with my lil fam . Veronicas playing her dsxl and rips one loud enough to turn heads ! she's killing me ! 
I don't think anybody loves christmas trees more than my lil Christian . We put up the tree just for him today . < PROPFEMALE > did most of the work though , lol . Christian was perfectly happy just watching . 
Karate Kid : great movie , super funny . That kid looks and acts jus like his daddy ( will smith ) . The Last Airbender : My favirate cartoon ever ! Was a great movie , can't wait for the rest of em to come out ! 
The strongest person I ever met , my role model ( though she don't know it ) is my aunt < PROPFEMALE > . For the first time , today at the funeral of her daughter , I saw her break down . It was the hardest thing I ever saw . It broke me down . 
The catholic church officially says condoms are ok now because they help prevent the spread of HIV . Hmmm , took em long enough ! 
Wow , edgwood high school made a cardboard city on their front lawn wer students spent the nite to see wat homless people go through . Thers an eye opener . 
Happy turkey day everybody ! dont forget to take your turkey naps ! 
Playing cards . Christian ran out of cards and says , \can i barrow a card mom ? \ " lol\\n " 
Driven down the interstate with < PROPFIRST > driving 55 mph ... scaring the shit outta me ! 
Jus had thanksgiving with the inlaws . I got lucky because my inlaws are awesome and my ex inlaws are still awesome to me . I think its called blessed . 
Wrapped christmas presents with < PROPFEMALE > , played cards with the hubby and kids , watched an episode of house where the character was from HAMILTON OHIO ! Yep , I had a pretty good day . 
Christian got a new baby rat today . She is so sweet ! Her name is < PROPFEMALE > . She's nothing like the mean rotten hampster he had before that was ready to take your finger off . The Hampter was like a psycho serial killing hampster , ready and willing to take a finger off . The freak'n butt . 
Whew ... bed at last . Feels so good ! i've had strange dreams the last few nights . on the verg of nightmares . we'll see what happens tonight . 
Im sooo tired !! wats wrong with me !!! i think some secretly glued my butt to this chair ! 
I'm worried about how many work hours I'm gonna get this week . I need another part time job . Any Ideas ? Anyone ?? 
I CAN'T STAND FIGHTING KIDS !! I'm selling them .... buy one get the other half off ! Somebody take them !!!!! 
Did a lil christmas cookie baking 2nite : chocolate chunk cranberry bars and peppermint snowball squares .... yum ! 
Today is a good day ... because i said so and I'm making it so :) 
My husband jus slept 19 hours straight ! he'd do it every day if i'd let him . how does anyone do that ?! geez ! 
Bout to finish a really awesome book . Thats two books in one week , but I can't help it , they were too good to put down . I'm such a nerd :P 
Woooo HOOOO PEOPLES ! My picture of my dogs has made it to the semi finals of the puppy picture contest and they will be published in a cutest pets around the world book !!! Woooooooo Hoooooo ! 
COPYTHIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU , | 1 . Violent | 2 . I'dmarry you | 3 . Sweet | 4 . Beautiful | 5 . Talkative | 6 . Hot | 7 . Fit |8 . Funny | 9 . Fun | 10 . Perfect | 11 . I love you | 12 . Miss you | 13 . Retarted | 14 . Random | 15 . Your the best .......... RATE ME PEOPLES ... I DARE YOU !!! 
I got a little chocked up at church today . Was reminded of old scars that haven't yet fully healed . Wer not supposed to question , but i hope god knows what he/she's doing , specially when somthing so preciouse is taken from you . Some things in life are more unfair than other things . 
Boy do I got the shivers !!!!!! All I can say is \BURRRRRR !!! \"" 
Christian has one of his migrains again . I hate it when he is hurting so bad , but refuses to take medication . The only other step is to take him to the hospital for an IV and he really hates that . I hate this ... but it could be worse . 
Friend 890,456,928 . 5 Can u guess who you are ???? 
My toes are freezing ! I know you all was dying to know that ... so there you go . 
Just turned in some very overdue library books . Next time I stroll in their gonna pull out the clubs and start whacking me with em . 
I've made up my mind that I'm gonna get a guitar and learn how to play . My mom used to play a little , I already know how to read music , now I just gotta figure out wer to get a guitar and wer to put my fingers :) 
Watched history channel today , program about the missing link in human evolution . The theory was that aliens from space mated with humans and they are the missing link . Their dna experimentation is the explination for greek methology ( allegidly ) . 
I got to see my big sister today . It was nice , she's always fun to talk to , even if it was only for a couple of minutes . She makes me laugh . 
I should bake turkey for dinner more often , lol . Knocks the kids out cold ! Sweeeeettt ! 
I'm like the wierdest person in the world . I love wrapping presents . Set'n here wrapping all of mom's presents . Haha , Nah Nah < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! I know what you got and I'm not telling !!!! 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
1 sweater , 2 hoodies , 1 pair of jammy pants , 1 pair of jeans , 1 pair of socks , 1 plastic bag over each sock , 1 pair of snow boots , 1 pair of gloves ....... ready to play in the snow ! 
I'v been super giggly today . < PROPFIRST > totally cracked on me today for my lack of skill in math and spelling super fancy words ..... good thing I find it funny myself , lol ! Those silent ' E's totally kill me ! 
ugh ! im sick again ! stupid cats !!! if they wernt so fuzzy i think id hate them ! 
It is so wonderful to have a spous who u can laugh & joke around with . no eggshells jus brutal honesty & a lot of laughs ! 
Made the whole fam help clean the house 2nite ... wjiping down walls 7 everything to help get rid of the cat dander . veronoca acted like < PROPFIRST > & i wer killing her ... geez !! 
My eyes are puffy , nose stuffy , sneezing like crazy and I officially hate cats . Stupid cat ! Been setting under a humidfyr for the last couple days . Stupid Cats ! 
In the begining i was sick , tired didn't want to be touched and sleep sleep sleep ! Now that its almost over I'm just sick and tired of being sick ... made me a little bit grumpy tonight . Good thing my husband is super awesome and loves me regardless of my grumpyness ! 
OMG ! Out on potters hill watching the kids sled and MAN IS IT COLD ! Cant feel my fingers or legs ! sombody slap the stupid outta me for this grand idea ! 
Christan said , \ur not going to believe it ! We got presents at school and it was nothing but a stupid book ! And not only that but mine was about a stupid unicorn ! \ " ..... lol " 
I'm home alone . Kids spent the night with their dad , which is unusual but as long as their having fun I'm okay . Just a little lonely . Guess I'll just curl up with a book . 
Playing < PROPFIRST > galaxy . Dont care what system or what year it was made ... < PROPFIRST > never gets old ... jus better and better ! 
I have lots of fav's in different catagorys , but my all time favirate movies : 1 . < PROPFEMALE > ( The original ) 2 . Grease ( #1 ) 3 . Dirty Dancing ( #1 ) 
Getting ready to attemp to make a cheese garlic buscit outtta scratch . Wish me luck ! 
Had rehersal today with vince .... always lots of fun , christian had some tests done at children's today which came back normal .... always super awesome news , came home and got a nap ..... todays going great and feeling pretty good ! 
Woke < PROPFIRST > up & now hes walking around grunting like hes a constipated 80 year old man on the < PROPFIRST > . get over it and wake up already chump 
I just realized how extremly hot chevy < PROPMALE > was in his late 20s early 30s . Lov a man with big brown eye . 
Too many times we say we dont need anybody but i promise u theres nothing like being surrounded by people u know love u . Your blessed . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
We'r in the car driving up to springfield fighting over radio stations ..... i win ... everytime :) 
Had a great christmas . Spent the < PROPFEMALE > with my mother n law and father n law . I could totally set and laugh with papaw trimble ( as the kids call him ) all day long ... he's so funny ! 
Today I got to spend time with my sisters and their families , and my parents . It was great . Some of the topics we come up with to talk about is odd though ... but then again we are some what of an odd bunch :) 
Anticipating a fun day tomrw . Gonna sing a song with my daughter at church . She's gonna do great . She has a cute little voice on her . 
Gotta date with my kids tomrw ... Gonna do a lil shoppin after church , come home and watch a movie , them play a game of ' who am I ' . Gonna be fun ! 
Whys my fingers and toes always so freakin cold ! 
The best gift i got this year was when my daughter looked at me , gave me a hug and said , \mom this is the one of the best christmas ' ever ! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > robertson and < PROPFEMALE > adkins ... aka skidmark 1 and skidmark 2 
Christian says \i dont need an annoying lil brother or sister < PROPFEMALE > i got u mom\ " lol ... love messing with him <3 " 
Woke up with a head ache ... still got a head ache but I'm pretty sure its correct term now is migrain . Sombody just hit me in the head with a hammer and at least I'll be unconciouse for it all ! 
\Sounded like you had Jiminy Cricket trapped in your pants ! You ever hear a cricket chirp for his life ?! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Trimble :P " 
is falling asleep at the key board !!! went mud sledding today with kids . Had a blast , but now I'm pooped . 
Heres what I don't understand : Some people get so drunk on new years that they roll into the first day of the year with a < PROPFEMALE > over hugging a toilet . Possibly not even remembering what they did . I'd think you'd want to remember and relish the first moments of a new year in a clear mind . Hmmm ... your thoughts ?? 
I am super syked its friday ! I have no plans , no money to go out , yet I'm still super syked ! Whoooo hooo ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just broke her face by walking into a door ... yea she has her moments .... lol 
Lol shes so stupid . < PROPFEMALE > said \omg did you just see your face ? \"" 
Kids went back to school this morning ! They weren't happy about it but I was super giddy ! As McD's says ... \I'm lovin it ! \"" 
Gotta go back to work tomrw ... yuk . But i don't have to be there for too long so woo hoo for me . 
Not sure what this says about me but I began reading this book and it was so repetive and stupid . But I kept reading thinking somthing interesting has got to happen . Nope , got through the whole thing and it was nothing but a waste of time . 
kicking kevins butt at scrabble . its so much fun watching a grown man cry ! 
Yes , you have the right to express you're opinion , but I still have the right to think your stupid 
Some people , god love em ! I can't help but think they wern't JUST dropped on their head while a baby , but dropped , drop kicked in the head and then thrown outta window . 
dont feel too hot today . been snaking all day which is what i do < PROPFEMALE > i start feeling sick . wierd i no ! ugh ! 
I feel UGH ! But it could be worse . :/ 
My kids computer has a virus and our pro defender program isnt fixing it . Would anyone be willing to help me please ?? 
Tasha .... so glade your all ok ! bet it scared you to death ! we love you !!! 
I just bought a united states army captain a package of frilly pink < PROPFIRST > pantys . He'l be surprised when he opens that package ! 
\I dont care ! I dont care ! I dont care ! \ " §§Yells Christian " 
\What is a avon ?!! \"-- Christian ... lol he so funny . " 
Tough girls come from New York , Sweet girls come from Texas , and < PROPFEMALE > girls come from California , but we OHIO GALS have fire & ice in our blood ! We can be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a left hook , love football , < PROPFEMALE > with the boys , bake a cake , love with passion ... and if we have an opinion - you KNOW you're gonna hear it !! Re-Post ... If you're an OHIO GAL 
Just went to see my childhood best friend at the hospital . Thanks be to God she is okay and healing ! I was so worried about her . 
I hate it < PROPFEMALE > people go around thinking everyone owes them somthing . Cant let them be nice to u bc if u do then u are 4ever in debt to them ! Some people suck ! 
\Why do we have to pay the trash < PROPMALE > ?! the garbage mans the one whos supposed to get money ! Oh wait ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > ( DUH ! ) " 
BOOOOO STEELERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I Ground christian from tv and games ... i ground < PROPFEMALE > from books . Yea you read right ... books ! 
I'm the biggest jerk in the whole world . My poor < PROPFIRST > . I'v been conditioned to believe all men are deceitful . I suck ! 
Me and < PROPFIRST > was playing ' Who'd you Rather ? \ ........ lol .... I gave him the option \ " the burger < PROPMALE > guy or < PROPFIRST > mcdonald\ " ... lololol " 
I'v come to realize that my three little dogs are a bunch of little turdlings ... much like my two children . 
Got a box of nerds , a soft drink and an awesome book . Oh yea ... this is the life ! 
Ok i'm just going to throw this out there because you know other people are thinking it too ... All babies are not cute ! Some kids are just down right ugly ! Its the parents fault ... can't blame the kids . Some genes just don't go well together . 
Had me a big ol belly wrenching cry today . Besides a stuffy nose and red eyes I feel 100% better . Good homade remedy 
I asked < PROPFIRST > ( the other half of my soul ) what he rated my personality . He said my sweetness was at a 60% . So it got me thinking . I need to raise that percentage because everyone knows mean people suck . 
Thank God for music .... it'd be aweful boring world without it . 
Its Chilli Time !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Somtimes i look at the people around me and think \Wow God really does have a since of humor ! \"" 
My stupid computer is posting everything I say twice .... wierd 
Ran outside today to grab a snowball to throw at somebody and ended up stubbing my finger on the snow . 
Love Storms !!! Went driving from one side of Hamilton to the other and there are fallen branches and trees split in half all over ! So awesome ! 
Gettin my Ars kicked at < PROPFIRST > kart by christian !! 
I was so sick this week Wednesday night I thought I was dying ! My family is so awesome , < PROPFIRST > took care of the kids and house , Christian kept checking on me , < PROPFEMALE > took it upon herself to read to me one of her books and give me a few extra hugs . * Blessed * 
Uh uhmm ... \BOOO STEELERS !! GO PACKERS !! \"" 
INTERCEPTION !! GO PACKERS ! 
Its a good thing black eyed peas have sombody to clean up their voices before they get on the radio . WOW 
Winning is not everything . Making an effort is ! -SUPERBOWL 45 
Woooooo Green Bay Packers ! Eat that steeler fans !!!! 
Anyone know wer I can get a good sounding , nice , but inexpensive guitar ?? 
So Christian accidently knocks < PROPFIRST>'s phone off the table into the dogs water bowl , lol . He's not a happy camper right now . It really was an accident . I laugh ... in my head .... and on facebook . 
History channel had a doc . About the < PROPFEMALE > . Kinda stupid . Do people really think the < PROPFEMALE > changes shape and size ? does people really not know why it glows ? 
Kids had an eye doctor appointment today . Cant stand it when they talk to me like their eye problems are new to me . I gave birth to them and have takin care of them thus far ... kinda know a thing or two about my own kids thank u very much ! 
I've decided its high time I mug the tooth < PROPFEMALE > . 
Watching transformers ... Again ... Why ? Because it's awesome ! Love it ! 
My poor baby boy had his first nose bleed tonite . He sneezed & blood was every where ! The sight of the it scared me & him both but he wasnt hurting or anything . 
To me parents can be a shiz load of baggage in itself . i wonder , the further away you move does the weight on the sholders get lighter and lighter ? 
Lord help me not hate those family members who have wronged me and lord help me not want to rip their heads off with my bare clawed hands ! 
My poor little < PROPFEMALE > has strep throat . She is so misreable . Been up all night with her . She was at childrens last night and said she has it bad . I'm supposed to watch her for rumatic fever or somthing like that . Her neck was super stiff and sore , little worried about it . Might have to take her back down to childrens hospital . 
We're at childrens hospital again . Veronicas being tested for that rhumatic fever . Poor baby . She's so misrable . Lol she's still demanding fried rice and potatoe soup though . 
You know < PROPFEMALE>'s feeling better if she has enough umph in her to start an argument with her brother ... lol . 
I can't win ! Now Christian may have strep throat . Poor little guy was laying on the sofa freezing and shivering with fevers . 
Feeling so much better ... Relieved ! Finally everyone in the Trimble/Robertson household is getting well and back to our goofy selves ! 
Just watched The Sorcerers Apprentice . IT WAS SO FUNNY ! I wish i could be a sorcerer ! That would be sooo cool ! 
Keyboard to the forhead ... Ouch ! The bed and pillow are calling ... ahhh the force is strong with this one ... must sleep now !!! 
I have high hopes for our distant future . Lots of optimism going on today . 
< PROPFIRST > & I just spent the last 5 hours looking for the missing < PROPFIRST > D . Passed out flyers to everyone and almost every church in Hamilton requesting prayer . 
Gettin a little upset . I finally have a spot for my keyboard and can't find it . I asked my mom to put it up for me because she has more room at her house than I do . Now she swears I gave it away . I'd never give that away in a million years ! Ever ! UGH ! 
What a great evening . Practiced pitching , catching and batting with my daughter and am now watching whipe out with the family ( family favorite game show ) . 
Did you guys know they are tying to outlaw all energy drinks in Ohio ?? Its because kids and teenagers are buying them from the stores and they are ment for adults . I'll be upset ... no more Red Bull ... my fav ! 
So let me get this straight—Kelsey Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . 53% of Americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you find this ironic . 
This day has kicked my ars ! 
My stupid car broke down . Its visiting car doctor . Lets hope whatever it is , it is afordable . Stupid car that won't work ! Work Dammit ! Work ! 
I broke walmart ! I was in the photo lab getting ready to turn some pictures in . I put the SD card in the slot and it completly went right inside the machine ... completly ! Thay had to open the machine up to get my SD card back . Turns out it broke . 
Off to the batting cages ! Fun ! 
Homework sucks ! 
I just sat through an extensive debate . My children was seriously debating weather a turd was a slow moving chemical or a solid . My 9 year old was even being seriously scientific about his approach on the issue . 
I'm so tired I feel like I'm walking in a dream ! 
< PROPFEMALE > fell on her face today .... again ... Once from gymnastics ( understandable ) , and once from walking down the hall ( some would say understandable being that she is my kid ) . 
I need me some minions . Minions are cool ! I could totally get a lot more stuff done if I had me a few . 
What a great day ! I got to spend the day with my best friend at the gym , got most all my homework done for the week , it was a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day ... and it's officially friday ! Wooo Hooo ! 
One problem ... I got two snuggle bunnies fast asleep taking over my bed . Delima ... I could roll them into the wall , or I could roll them off the bed and make them crash there . Hmmm , The rolling outta the beds is more apealing ... much more fun that way ! 
I am super excited !!!! Our scooter was FINALLY delivered ! 
OUCH !! :( 
Scholarships.com is an awesome thing to be out there to help people like me . I'm at the end of my long journey through college . It was hard being a single mom of two , living on my own , Working full time . But I stayed with it and now I'm at my final class and need help paying for it . If scolarships.com helps me it will be a dream come true ... at last . I can say , \I finally did it ! \"" 
Super excited for my Super Awesome Hubby ! He got the job he's been working his butt off to get since back in September ! Way to go BABE !!! 
Picture days at school are such shams ! They take cheezy pictures of the kids and arn't even artistic ! I can take 100% better pictures yet I still have to buy at least some of the school pictures so the kids don't feel left out . Buncha crack heads ! 
I just got the ' Red Ridding Hood ' book , the one thats in the theaters now . I've heard good things about it so far . We shall see . 
I was pretty sure softball would be canceled but the rain and hail has stopped , the skys are bright and blue and the sun is out . I'm thinking , \game on baby ! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > gets on facebook to < PROPFEMALE > w/ her friends , play a few games and theres a huge post from her dad talking shit about me because i forgot to tell him it was the kids picture day . Now I'm considered a cunt , $ hungery , bitch , pretty much piece of shit and is telling the whole world about it right in front of her face . Wow , thats a good way to show your kids you've grown up . Talk shit about their mom ... Wow . 
Board ! Cookin dinner chugging on a wine bottle . Pretty purple elephants ! 
I am sooo tired ! Agh ! So ready to curl up in bed and read till I pass out . Sounds like heaven ! 
Had dinner with an old friend tonight . He & < PROPFEMALE > had farting contests while < PROPFIRST > drank wine & enjoyed some poetry . It was fun hanging with the old fart ! 
For the first time in my life i understand why people drink to drownd out their problems . Cause even if it doesnt solve it the escape is worth it . 
Kids were driving me crazy today . Why do they have to fight with each other so much ! Sombodys gonna have to order me a straight-jacket soon cause i'm bout to lose it ! 
Tis better to have loved and lost than to do homework with two children . 
Kinda giddy ! I got my motorcycle temps today . * Smile * ? 
Could it be the weather ?? I'm so freak'n tired . Been like that for the past few days . 
Watched a movie called passengers tonight . It was crazy . Really makes you set and think about your life , what you're ready for , what you haven't done that you need to do , and what you've done for too long and what needs to change . 
Spent the day hanging with my son . We chilled at the park . Poor kid couldn't stay up on his own two feet . He falls on his face by tripping over a mat , he falls off a swing , falls backwards off a swing , and gets hit in the face by a cell phone ( accident ... his fault ! ) Yet everytime he laughed it off and kept going . Whata trooper ! 
\I look up and even Jesus is laughing at me . You know when Jesus is laughing at you its gotta be bad\ " - < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > Show " 
