Oh man my head is too big for my cap ! 

Graduation Day 
High School is over . Finally . 
Finally moving out tomorrow . :) 
Going to move out today ... won't have internet for days maybe even a week or two :( 
Video fun with allen ... not in a gay way . 
Wooo got my license . >:) 
i have a fat fly in my room but i can't kill it since i don't have that insect killing slapper ... what do i do ? 
i got my car and i'm loving it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SHIT have to visit JB .... oh the painful memories of middle school ... 
apartment hunting is so stressful ...... 
So i slept at the library the other day ... when i woke about a dozen ppl pointed out i sleep talk .... 
I came , I saw , and I conquered the library then made it my second home . 
so walking to my math class i accidently tripped a girl walking by , then i just kept on walking without turning back ... 
Two years ....... 
i need a miracle . 
Why does it rain in the fall ? Cuz God shed tears of laughter at my misery from exams ... 
finally moved out 
Decided to buy a alienware laptop ! 
\Let the world tremble for what you are about to accomplish . \"" 
Either the exam killed me or i killed it . I'm hoping it's the latter . 
FML . I mixed up my final essay with my rough draft and gave my professor the rough draft . He better read his freaken email . 
How can people say they know God ? The people who say so are only shitting themselves . If God really existed \He\ " would be too grand to grasp for any mortal . " 
Nothing beats home made meals . 
Reading the daily news with a cup of coffee and a McMuffin is the best ! One of my secret joys of life . 
Weezer- \Let It All < PROPFEMALE > Out \"" 
The internet is the greatest creation of man . Oh the possibilities . 
first semester of college was a breeze . Anyone who has trouble in college ; stop procrasinating , partying , playing , and bitching . Go study in the library or shoot your feet to wake up . 
Dashboard Confessional-Stolen 
I'm a fatass . 4 choc . bars , 2 hot dogs , 1 salad bowl , and 3 cans of DIET coke . OH YES I LOVE BEING A FATASS . In other news Tiger Woods had over 9 mistresses , GO MAN GO ~ 
A Kind of Hope - Pilot Speed 
I thought take home final is going to be easy , boy was i wrong . 
All you people who has a pokemon as their profile pic . grow the hell up . Yea you stupid . Btw Mew is the cutest . 
2011 !!!!! 
can't keep up with time ... 
Finally after more than a decade I got a caucasian professor who pronounces my last name with the proper korean accent . Thats awesome man , i was fudging surprised . 
Got my hands on God of War 3 ... There goes my gpa .... 
Fudge , I need coffee ... 
i just realized that i spend atleast 1 hr reading the news daily ... god damn i'm becoming old . 
Someday i'll be on the front < PROPFEMALE > of Times magazine featured as the person of the year . 
I'm still a kid . I should be playing outdoors , but i'm stuck in the library studying to become an successful adult . >:( 
For the reason of \random inspection\ " i got pulled over for the first time today . After the inspection the police officer said \ " Mr. < PROPFIRST > you should clear the mess in your car . \ " /Sigh even the police lectured me in cleaning .... " 
I'm a slow < PROPMALE > , but I never walk back . 
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile . 
So i was browsing through 7Eleven and noticed AriZona drinks were 99c ..... I bought 5 of them . :) LET'S GO KIWI-STRAWBERRY 
What a beautiful day to be out in the sun . Too bad i'm stuck in the library doing accounting work . FML 
\sometimes you feel tired 
Day one in cramming pre-cal . >:] 
Day two in cramming pre-cal . To be honest its harder than i thought it would be .... 
I'm top of my game . Freaken A's in all my classes . Fuckin loving it . :) 
I want to go to < PROPFEMALE > and eat those tasty fatty croissants with a bottle of sauternes wine ... La < PROPFEMALE > est en attente pour moi ! 
\DEBITS MUST EQUAL CREDITS ! \ " (-_-) + " 
noooo Lost is going to end !!!!!! tv is dead now . 
Think big . 
Ah final week is coming up , well all is good . i have my red bull to back me up . :) 
ACED MY ECON FINAL AND THE CLASS !!!!! :D . FUCKEN LOVING IT . 
Damn everyone is finished with school and i have one more final on tuesday ..... i feel so leftout :( . Ah w.e i'm going to eat a hershey's bar to feel better . :D 
< PROPFIRST > Green ... hahahahahahahahaha . good job man . GO USA ! 
I'm going to change the world upside down . The world won't see it coming . 
There are no limits . There are only plateaus , and you must not stay there , you must go beyond them . 
How did Netherlands beat Brazil .... WTF IS THAT ?! 
USA , < PROPFEMALE > , Korea , and yesterday Germany ... goddammit . I don't care for World Cup no more ... screw SOCCER , watching men in shorts passing and shooting a ball with their feet is gay anyways . 
I was about to learn the purpose of my life in my dream until ... Bumin Kong called me and woke me up . When i answered he said something in the line of \oh sorry i accidently called you . \ " Hey Bumin you're on my block list forever . " 
Who needs red bull ? Drank till midnight , slept at 2am , woke up at 6am(without an alarm , and surprisingly without an hangover ) and ran 5miles in the morning ... MY BODY IS IN EPIC MODE . Now off to studying . 
I fail to see beauty in modern arts . 
wishes to be taller . 
Last day of summer school . After today i'm going to do what i wanted to do the whole summer ... waste my time sleeping , eating , and daydreaming about stupid shit . 
I'm FREEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! TIME TO PLAY !!! 
I am now a patron of apple and at&t :) 
Sleeps like a baby :D . Note to self it's rude to fall asleep during a conversation . -lith <3 
Lith you are the best 
I've been dormant for too long , it's time for me to live up to my dreams 
Can anyone reach < PROPFEMALE > Kang ? 
\In the end everything is going to be okay . \"" 
Damn you Wall Street Journal . i'm not paying for your astounding , interesting , sophisticated , exclusive news articles ... Who do you think i am ?..... Goddammit here is my money give me your journal NOW ! 
what ever happened to busy easy work in the first weeks of school ? my professors are giving me core materials to learn and my brain is still in summer mode .... I'm not ready for this ! 
is now a member of SMC's < PROPFEMALE > Gamma Sigma . :) 
Is enjoying the ordinary life in Los < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Shock , awe , and inspire . 
There is no rest for the ambitious . 
Life is filled with surprises . It's kind of scary . 
I'm going to be a billionaire someday . 
\As I grow older 
I took my eng midterm and aced it . I was the first person to turn it in , and my fellow classmates looked at me as if i have done a miracle . hahahaha 
Fuck the impossibility . \We \ 
< PROPFEMALE > should have listened to General MacArthur and united the two Koreas together . Now the past is biting our ass . There is a lesson to learn here . 
My life is like a tug of war . 
\You think you're smart ? \ " Harvard Business School admission interviewer\ 
Hello December my favorite time of the year . Please be good to me . 
Procrastination is horrible ... 
No room for failures . 
anyone else awake at this hour ? 
the brain is an astonishing thing ... 
my friend list went from 172 to 89 . Congratz to you guys if you see this post . it means in a somewhat weird way you have a place in my mind , or you're interesting enough for me to follow you ( muahahaha >:]) Anyways < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
I wish for excitement . 
Everything has beauty , but not everyone sees it . -Confucius 
Why are there so many people at the bank ?! Dammit 
Today is not my day . 2011 doesn't look so different than 2010 . 
Watching the Simpsons instead of studying .... 
\nouveau riche \"" 
What a fucked up world we live in . 
\no one can save us from ourselves . No one can and no one may . We ourselves must walk the path . \"- Buddha " 
Let the meek inherit the Earth , while we take the stars . 
Gas prices are outrageous . 
Life is a game , and I'm being played . 
\Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great . \ " - < PROPFIRST > D . Rockefeller " 
\burn all your bridges . \"" 
Life is filled with surprises . 
Life is too serious sometimes . 
PAYDAY WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!! 
SPRING BREAK ! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
One day I'll wake up and see I am living my dream . 
I love Red Bull . 
Rolling through the punches . 
Another day , another war . 
No wonder chivalry is dead , there are hardly any classy ladies left . 
Has to climb a big mountain . 
I'm in love with my ambition . 
I got a dream worth more than my reality . 
Life is too short to worry about insignificant things . 
Please let my efforts not be in vain . 
I'm in the middle of a Cold War . 
Law and Order is so intense I love it ! 
