Big horn is a little piece of hell on earth 

I reactivated my facebook 
< PROPFIRST > went to awsome senior projects at East High 
Is a member of the OA 
< PROPFIRST > Geiter does not have to go camping till July YAY 
Im reading four more hours by tomorrow morning to get a free elitch ticket 
Im going on a mission trip 
Im home 
im home 
Article 2 : A Bro is always entitled to do something stupid , as long as the rest of his Bros are doing it 
Article 3 : If a Bro gets a dog it must be at least knee high when full grown 
Article 7 : A Bro never admits he cant drive stick even after the accident 
Article 11 : A Bro may ask his Bro(s ) to help him move , but only after first\ 
discoling an honest estimate on both time commitment and number of large pieces\ 
of furnititure . If the Bro has vastly underestimated either , his Bros retain\ 
the right to leave his possessions where they are-in most cases , stuck in a\ 
doorway . 
Article 12 : Bros do no share dessert 
Article 13 : All Bros shall dub one of their Bros his wingman 
Article 17 : A Bro shall be kind and courteous to his co-workers , unless they are beneath him on the Pyramid of Screaming 
Article 18 : If a Bro spearheads a beer run at a party , he is entitled to any excess monies accrued after canvassing the group 
Article 20 : A Bro respects his Bros in the military because they've selflessly chosen to defend the nation , but mpre to the point , because they can kick his butt six ways to sunday . 
Article 22 : There is no law that prohibits a woman from being a Bro . 
Article 24 : When wearing a baseball cap , a Bro may position the brim at either 12 or 6 o'clock . All other angles are reserved for rappers and the handicapped . 
Article 26 : Unless he has children , a Bro shall not wear his cell phone on a belt clip . 
Article 27 : A Bro never removes his shirt in front of other Bros , unless at a resort pool or the beach 
Article 29 : If two Bros decide to catch a movie together , they may not attend a screening that begins after 4:40 pm . Also despite the cost savings , they shall not split a tub of popcorn , choosing instead to procure individual bags . 
Article 37 : A Bro is under no obligation to open a door for anyone . If women insist on having their own professional basketball league , then they can open their own doors . Honestly they're not that heavy 
Article 52 : A Bro is not required to remember another Bros birthday , though a phone call every not and again probably wouldn't kill him 
One of the greatest feelings in the world is reaching a goal you thought was unattainable and realizing you can reach higher 
Today a tragic thing has happened . Today i was defeated by a door at the library oh how i wish i had pulled instead of pushed . 
< PROPFIRST > drooled on me 
my face is burnt 
\Power corrupts . Absolute power is a whole lot of fun . \"" 
Would you rather be substance without form or form without substance ? 
Two and a Half Men is gone forever 
done with homework 
i just spent the last 30 minutes brushing my dogs teeth 
Good Night < PROPFEMALE > 
My head bled :) 
Kristianna Ate my tripple stacker from Burger < PROPMALE > ! 
