goin to the gay pride parade tomorrow ! 

goin to ohio tomorrow . 
just got home from ohio . :) 
had an amazing time sunday . :) 
is still covered in mosquito bites from sunday .... but it was worth it 
wants some waffles ... lol 
today was hilarious . 
had a great day today !!! 
zach is stupid :P i love him 
zack ... srry lol 
lies < PROPMALE > lies . lol 
beating < PROPMALE > in the head lol 
good day to you 
rawr im excited for tomorrow ... i guess 
lord .... lol 
talking to < PROPMALE > . and ppl . 
my car is officially crap . but other than my car today was interesting . 
had an amazing birthday because of < PROPFIRST > 
so apparently guys and girls just can't be friends . life is stupid . grrr 
had a great time today , it was amazing 
The pwanets in danger ... Lol 
I realized something sad today .... 
oh lord 
clears throat- Well ... Me and Jesus got into a sword fight ... and well i won and he got mad and he's like AS OF NOW < PROPFEMALE > GAY B*TCH ... LOL D*MN YOU JESUS !!!! baha trevorspace . 
i lied im not all that okay yet 
\To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Just turned to the best day ever I'm proud of my Hun , very brave . Great start to this week :) 
got to spend the day with my love yesterday , then got to wake up next to her this morning = best weekend in a long time . 
im in a great mood for some reason .... 
really ... no one that supposed to care , cares that im sick ... 
guess ill just have to deal with it , by myself .... awsome 
really hope < PROPMALE > works out . i miss her so much . and i cant wait to give her the present . 
bored . txt if u wanna hangout . 
so plan is to go dt and walk ... awsome . so txt if u want 
:D i can txt my baby all the time now . 
today shall be an adventure . :D 
im just not in the mood for anything anymore . i just need a restart button to life . 
last normal day of high school :) 
when your goe will you have the guts to say i dont love you like i loved you yesterday .... 
today was amazing :) just got home . 
bought heavy rain !!!! :) 
so evreyone im not really friends with is getting deleted thursday . :D never have to see this school again 
k finally got my own phone ... so new number ... 
great day . :) 
cleaning all day ... ugh . and starting my last high school course ever even though its online 
i need more people to hangout with ... 
just got up from a 16 hr sleep after the six flags adventure yesterday . :) i still have two more to go 
rawr .... today is def not the best 
cant believe this .... 
what to do with this situation ..... gah i hate that i forgive evreyone .... 
how is it that you can always love a person that doesnt feel the same way back ?.. 
< PROPMALE > shall be interesting ..... 
A recent study shows that birthdays are good for your health , the more you have the longer you live ... O.O 
Good ole times with < PROPFIRST > . Sorta excited to meet new people when school starts . 
is it so bad to want someone to be head over heals in love with you for once ?.... meh i guess right now it shall be a dream and i shall focus on more solid things such as school and me growing as a person . 
chicago with < PROPFIRST > today :) 
single ? 
ever look at your ex's and think ... wtf was i thinking .... then you look at the person you have and think ... well it was all worth it to find them . :) 
rawr 
I love my boy . He is amazing ...... but I still need a job . Help ? 
CEYO was here . Love You Amor .!!! 
Past ... mistakes .... what can u do ... just live i guess . And deal . And be honest with yourself znd evreyone . Take fault for what u did wrong . And move on . 
\You just bra slapped our dog \"" 
