wonders if anyone ever told you that being ugly on the inside counts more than just being a pretty face , because when that pretty face ages and loses its pretty , all you're left with is that ugly on the inside ; and I hope that ugly just rots you from the 

is girl , you're a dog , and I don't mean that because you're good and faithful ... 
thinks that this world has a lot of twists , turns , and dead ends to be so round . 
wonders how you're supposed to know up from down when all we do is blindly tread through the darkness of the present trying to find the right way towards the future . 
hmm , Kings Island ... To go Saturday or not ... 
is going to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s game tonight , and I'm still iffy bout < PROPMALE>'s Island tomorrow . I need to stop spending so I can spend when I go to TN on the 15th of July . 
is running late ! Gotta go to Vinton to see < PROPFEMALE>'s game ! 
is counting down the days until I am in the Volunteer State once again !! 19 days then Nashville here I come !! 
is counting down til I am in the Volunteer State . July 15th , Nashville , here I come . 
has sprained her knee , tore something , or has temporarily dislocated it ... I dunno but it hurts . At least we mercy'd them tonight ... hope I get better before next week's game , and tournament . 
hopes her knee gets better before we play FCOG monday ... icing and resting and using light therapy 
is running around ... family cookout today ! Homemade icecream and other goodies :o ) still bummin on my knee though ... HAPPY 4th everyone ! 
leaves a week from tomorrow for Nashville 
wonders if she ever told you how much she loooooves painting an old < PROPMALE > wrought iron cemetary fence that is a bajililion feet long with silver enamel paint and a mit . * rolls eyes * 
is heading to Bethpage , TN tomorrow , and then down to Nashville Friday . Cleaning , packing , ball tonight ? ( I have < PROPMALE > sunburn ) and maybe some touch up painting later this evening when the sun goes away . 
is on her way to the Volunteer State . :o ) <3 <3 I love me some south ... especially since its full of southern boys . 
is back and had a very very interesting adventure in Nashville . Lol lets just say my horizons have slightly broadened a little . lol 
has a softball double header tonight at O.O.M.P.D @ 6 and 7:20 . 
is covered in dirt ... lol I can't believe I took out the massive 6 foot something pitcher tonight coming into home for a homerun ... haha . 
is trying to get my life figured out . I have to find a < PROPFEMALE > provider with a decent interest rate , and continue to get this apartment straight . I still have to finish painting the cemetery fence and get my stuff together for school . 
has a niece ! Illyana < PROPFEMALE > Simmons . 7lbs 6oz , 21 in long . Born today at 2:39 pm . 
is filling out < PROPFEMALE > applications . 
is wishing her mommy a happy birthday ! 
has the apartment straightened out , now I need to get this < PROPFEMALE > crud in order so that I can afford the apartment 
is thanking her daddy for filling out her < PROPFEMALE > application ... it confused me . When it is approved , everything will be in order for this coming school year . 
is going to be in State College on the 14th to sign her lease and move some stuff in to the apt . 
hmmm this < PROPFEMALE > crud is confusing ... and time is running out ... 
hates calling American Educational Services , and < PROPFEMALE > Providers ... I get so nervous I fumble my words ... sorting through my stuff some more today , painting tomorrow , and \Reunion\ " on Sunday ... Yay for potlucks ! " 
lol what a day ! Rode around on the jetski and then it decides that it doesn't want to get gas ... stupid carburetor ... and had to push it into land with that icky seaweed stuff that the conservationist people planted that is more of a pain in the butt than anything ... and then it decided to run long enough to get back to the park front ... oh and I'm sunburnt . 
' s phone is acting up ... not letting me send texts or calls ... rawr . Well < PROPFIRST > , I think I jinxed it , and I still have a whole month to go ... ugh . 
is using < PROPMALE>'s old Razr ... haha its so ghetto . At least I can send/receive calls/texts ... and hey , pic messages can now be exchanged ! State College tomorrow . The cemetery fence is \done\ " now time to get some stuff packed for tomorrow . " 
was covered in straw ... oh how itchy ... after spreading it over a hill side of grass seed . 
just ate way too many chocolate chip cookies way too fast . 
wow it is RAINING cats and dogs outside ! Will it be dry enough to play ball tonight ? 
... rawr stupid rain ! Why do you have to ruin my last week of softball ?!?! 
is getting her haircut tomorrow , woo woo ! 
got my hair cut ... and I got a peach from my grandma ... but now I have the little prickly peach hairs in my hands ... ouch . :o ( 
SOFTBALL TONIGHT ! ... if it doesn't rain ! 
is STILL packing . Leaving tomorrow ... sometime . EDT Somewhere before noon ... hopefully . 
had her first day of class . Woo . Its different living in an apt , but amusing at the same time . The hispanics below us are kind of funny to observe . Class and work again tomorrow , but this time it starts at 8am ... yay . 
and her roommate just set off the smoke alarms making arabic food ... bwahahaha . 
ok now it is argileh time I think . I am full of mansaf ... lol even though Manal said it didn't taste right ... I wouldn't know , I've never had it , but it tasted good to me . Ethnic food 2 nights in a row . Woo ! :o ) Gotta love a culturally diverse town . 
is trying to figure out how I want to cook this chicken later ... I don't know what to season it with ! 
is having lemon pepper oregano chicken ( Thanks < PROPMALE > ) and creamy butter and < PROPMALE > fettuccine . Mmm , who said you had to eat ramen in college ? 
' s sink has decided that it officially hates college students , more specifically , last year's tenants , and has deemed us worthy of their punishment . It has filled to the brim , then overflowed onto all cabinets below not witholding its wetness from the floor as well . Oh and did I mention there is a HUGE waterspot in the hallway . 
AA with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow evening ( well today ) ... After class of course . 
thinks that it is looking like she will have a douche for a ENGL 202 prof ... I never win . 
has A LOT of homework to do , but is really looking forward to this 3 day weekend without work !! 
wants more ink . 
' s container of watermelon just spilled all over the floor . Its ok though , I put the pieces back into the container and rinsed it off with cold water and ate it anyway ... I really really wanted some watermelon . 
is in stimulation overload . Not used to the excessive auditory stimulation ... I need my quiet time ... 
had a GREAT day with Manal and the guys . 
is wondering if they will let her off work for the MSA's Fast-a-thon . 
doesn't care ... I'm skipping work , big whoop I don't get a mid semester raise ... their shift posting policy is whack anyway . It will be my first warning ; I'm not worried . 
is getting ready to go to Fast-a-thon with her roommate , then going to my Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s house to see my Uncle < PROPFIRST > who came in from Norway ! Oh ... then finishing my calc homework before bed . 
yay humpday . Class til 215 , then I dunno ... We'll see . 
ha-blah blah blah . 
ugh , trying to finish homework , class , then work til 930 tonight ... yay . Tomorrow would be perfect if only I didn't have a quiz ... 
called off work ... kind of sick . Had an absolutely wonderful time yesterday with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Calc hw to do , and meeting with grace to do other homework later . 
is tired of coughing and clearing her throat . Now my right nostril is stuffy . Rawr to the weather change . Writing a stupid personal statement ... already popped out some calc homework and a cover letter . Did I tell you ? I hate Mondays ... they are no-fun-days ... 
made parmesan crusted baked chicken with homemade spaghetti sauce , spaghetti , and broccoli . Mmm Mmm Mmm . And I had two of the bestest friends ever to cook it for . <3 
I can do most anything a man can do I can hold my liquor with the best of you Even take your money in a game of pool Yeah , I'd kick your butt if I wanted to I don't mind when people cuss in front of me Truth is I don't blush that much at anything But I still got this little girl inside of me That likes to be treated like a < PROPFEMALE > 
is a country girl in a country music kind of mood . 
<3 is a country girl in a country music kind of mood . <3 
:) 
hates M&T Bank . I used their ATM in the Sheetz on North Atherton last week and it told me my transaction couldn't be processed ... well I checked my bank status , and apparently , they charged me for the 2 times I swiped my card ( yes twice because I thought it was just an error the first time ) Well M&T , that money was invisible or something because it didn't leave with me ... 
is working until 418 , then I have to get my car , fill a Rx , get my physics together , and then I think I am going to see the guys . 
... Car ( Check ) , Rx filled ( check ) , gotta shower , say hi to my wonderful friend < PROPFEMALE > , then I am off ... I think with homework in tow just to make me feel better ... at least I will have it with me . Going to go see < PROPMALE > tonight I think . Cell me if you must . 
is going to look at Neuro for a bit , go to bed , get up at 5 , catch the 6 something bus to campus , go to the library , write my memo for english , finish my math homework , and then look at Neuro some more before classes start at 1115 . 9/20 was a good day :o ) even though I didn't get everything I needed to get done , done . 
is going to study , make dinner , see < PROPMALE > , watch house , and then study some more before bed . Exam tomorrow ... but at least I get to miss work ! 
homework , then the boy is coming , but I'm still going to be doing work , and then hopefully the work will be done before bed because I have real work from 448-930 tomorrow . 
working tonight from 448-930 , coming home , doing some work , bed , class tomorrow til 215 , then doing stuff with < PROPMALE > . 
has class tomorrow until 215 , then going to see < PROPMALE > . 
work tomorrow(today ) from 1018-418 
doesn't like the obligation of class on rainy < PROPFEMALE > days . :o / 
is going to bed ... what is the world coming to ? But I am getting up super early to go to campus and be productive ... wow ... am I sick ? or is hell going to freeze over ? 
doesn't want to work tomorrow ... lots of stuff to do this week , but I don't really want to do it :o / I want a day minus responsibilities , obligations , and and any real task for that matter . 
ugh ... 
is Friday here yet ? 
is glad its Friday but officially hates the part of my life that relates to all things school ... I really really officially hate this stupid evolutionary Bio class . 
is working today until 418 ... I hate working at Redifer ... cell after then , no phone at work . 
Math , then lab , then home to study neuro ... the life of a college student = blah 
* Cocaine is an antagonist of voltage-gated Na+ channels in addition to its primary action : Blocks the reuptake of Dopamine , Norepinephrine , and Serotonin . ( By contrast , Amphetamines increase Dopamine by causing internalization of tansporter via receptor mediated phosphorylation of the transporter ) ... in case you were wondering . 
< PROPMALE > Young Band <3 . 
raaaawr , I hate you action potentials , voltage-gated channels , neurons , ion channels , etc ... why did I decide to declare the Neuroscience option ?? lol * beating head on desk * 
work from 448-930 , coming home studying , taking a break to pack for the weekend at Manal's and then back to studying . I am not sleeping tonight , big exam tomorrow ... then done at 215 and then home with the roomie !! Oh and did I mention , its snowing in the middle of October . Gee thanks Global Warming ? 
UPDATE : The snow is sticking !! 
super fine snow ... does that mean its getting colder ? I don't care ... its still sticking . Maybe * fingers crossed * my exam tomorrow will get postponed ??? 
Oh my gosh , the rooftops are white ... lol Gotta love State College weather . Snow in the middle of October ... 
off to campus to go to work ... in the snow ... work from 448 to 930 , then home to study study study . Big Neuro exam tomorrow ... 
is in Dburg for Farmer's Fair !!! ( Note I have 3 exclaimation marks instead of 2 so that I'm not copying Manal ... ) 
is doing math homework and laundry . Talkin to the boy too . :o ) 
is seeing < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Curious about seeing him with his hair cut :o ) It's been a month on Tuesday :o ) 
got a beautiful bunch of flowers last night , and we did dinner and a movie :o ) My first boquet of flowers :o ) 
... hmm what to be for halloween ?... cowgirl , < PROPFEMALE > monroe ,... or something else ?! 
working on this lit review , work , dinner(latenight ) , then working on this paper some more , rough draft is due at 1115 tomorrow . 
: Why have I already been in the library for an hour now ....? 
going to the NE today . < PROPMALE>'s halloween party , seeing granny < PROPFEMALE>'s grave this weekend , showing < PROPMALE > the house my mom grew up in ... Enjoying the lovely mountains ... I just wish it would stop raining . 
arrrgggggh 
is working til 930 , then food , then home to study . 
exam 630-745 ... rawr . Then I am coming home and sleeping or doing homework . Right now , sleeping sounds like a much better choice of the two options . 
has hiccups that won't go away :o / and I'm ready for bed . Not a good combo ... ever tried falling asleep with the hiccups ? Not easy . 
And let us not grow weary while doing good , for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart . ( Galatians 6:9 NKJV ) 
breakfast in the afternoon <3 
hates getting the sinus problems sickness .... 
has the hiccups ... again ... 2nd night in a row ... rawr . 
WE ARE ... PENN STATE . Let's crack those nuts today because \Oh how I hate Ohio State\ " ... :o ) No . 11 Penn State vs . No . 16 Ohio State ... should be a great game in JoePa's house today ! " 
good job guys , better luck next year . Not a fair weather fan , I am and always will be a Nittany Lion . 
has no voice . Went to work , got sent home from work . Eating some food , taking a nap , getting up to write a paper , studying , going to a review session , eating dinner sometime in there , and then going to bed so that I can rest up to start this lovely week . Oh and I just remembered , I have math homework too . Bah , too much stuff to do !! 
is in the library with no voice ... but I guess that's a good thing ... since you are supposed to be quiet in libraries . Writing this Rec . Report for 202 , then going home to sleep . Was sort of , kind of productive today , but not really . 
thinks the squeaky tones coming from her mouth shouldn't be considered a voice . 
has an exam from 630-745 , then back home to start studying for the Neuro Exam that is Friday . Voice was getting better ... til I talked too much , and now it is hoarse and raspy again . 
<3 ' s < PROPFIRST > Harmon . He looks so good to be so old :o ) 
... oh my ... why does a firefighter have to sit across from me when I'm trying to study ? I don't need distractions !! 
is back to studying the Neuroscience after a little breaky break with < PROPFIRST > . On the 4th floor in the Life Sciences dept til it closes , then back to the Reserve Reading Room . 
RAWR !! Why is everything metal shocking me ?! 
has work from 448-930 , then dinner , then to the library to pull an all-nighter for this Neurobiology exam tomorrow at 1220 . Should be a lovely night ... at least tomorrow is Friday and I can sleep after it for as long as I want . 
is SO TIRED ! ... but is pulling an allnighter ( bad idea ) for tomorrow's Neuro exam , I know , stupid ... hopefully it is worth it ... then sleeping ALL day after the exam is done at 110 ... :o ) 
Ill forgive you tomorrow if the sun doesnt shineLet you back into my life when the oceans are dryTake you back when every shade of the rainbow turns grayBut I just cant do it todayI cant do it todayWell I can see you dancing in that strangers armsMy world hasnt stopped turning but its falling apartEvery breath that I takes a little closer to saneYeah they say that time is a healer but its still a long long ways a way 
<3 ' s < PROPFEMALE > Lambert's music . 
I am a stranger to this world , a pilgrim just passing through ( Heb 11:13 ) 
work from 448-930 , then working on this draft of my paper that is due tomorrow ... then home to sleep . This draft is pretty much the last thing I really have to do this week before I go home for Turkey day break on Friday ! 
is going home Friday . < PROPFIRST > , I hope you feel better with your whacky combination of illnesses ! Work tomorrow , and of course classes , but its pretty much smooth sailin from here til break ! 
<3 s the song \Gettin ' you home\ " by < PROPFIRST > Young ... somethin about his voice :o ) and \ " White Liar\ " is officially my new favorite song . <3 < PROPFEMALE > Lambert . " 
LETS GO STATE ! 
correction to the status : Lets go Penn State , oh and c'mon Michigan !! 
It’s your life What you gonna do ? The world is watching you Every day the choices you make Say what you are and who Your heart beats for It’s an open door It’s your life Are you who you always said you would be ? With a sinking feeling in your chest Always waiting for someone else to fix you Tell me when did you forget To live the way that you believe This is your opportunity To let your life be one that lights the way 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
was up at 3 this morning to go shopping ... and got back at 4 this afternoon ... whew , I'm still tired after a nap . 
is writing on this stupid 15 < PROPFEMALE > paper ... only have 6 right now . lol 
wishes she was still in Highschool ... they get a day off for deer season today ... and I have class ... 
never let your prayin ' knees get lazy . 
is wishing her nephew Daunevyn a happy 7th birthday ! 
... Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I Love You Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense Never let your prayin knees get lazy And love like crazy 
' s Grandfather passed away this morning ... Please pray for us . If you need me , please call my cell phone . 
' s Grandpa Helvig passed away this morning . Please pray for us . If you need me , please call my cell phone . 
is going to be in Meshoppen area Monday and Tuesday for my Grandpa Helvig's viewing and memorial service . Be back Tuesday night . Thank you everyone for the condolences/wishes/prayers/and offers for help . I appreciate it . 
is home in State College . It's been a long couple of days . Back to school tomorrow , library tonight to write a paper . And Finals are so close ... and I havn't started studying yet ... 
oh my gosh , a Southpark episode about nintendo Wii . hahaha 
is in the library , writing notes for EvoBio and writing a paper for Engl202 . All while having my computer fixed . :o ) 
done with my instruction set ... is thanking her Grandma < PROPFEMALE > for the idea , I remembered her cooking them last summer ... I thought these northern kids wouldn't know about deep fried black locust blossoms :o ) Work from 448-930 , then home to review someone else's draft , and then maybe studying before bed ? Tomorrow is the last day of classes for ' 09 . 
last day of classes . Turning in a paper , I think I need a nap then , studying , Walmart , studying , dinner , studying , sleep ... pattern anyone ? 
is having the most obscene coughing fit , please make it stop ... I think my eyeballs are gonna pop out of my head one of these times ... 
I want a man that stands beside me Not in front of or behind me Give me two arms that want to hold me , not own me And I'll give all the love in my heart Stand beside me Be true , don't tell lies to me I'm not lookin ' for a fantasy I want a man that who stands beside me 
can't wait to be done with the Neuro final friday , then work til 2 , then trouble :o ) Going home either Sat or Sun , not sure yet . Excited to steal X-box playing time from < PROPMALE > Haner so that I can try out the new Assassins Creed , and continue my Dragon Age save ... Oh and I have a niece being born next week ! So excited for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > <3 
doesn't want to read about •Mutations in APP associated with early onset AD increase production of Ab1-42 •Soluble oligomeric forms of Ab rather than plaques are responsible for neurotoxicity ... blah blah blah . Fast forward to 2pm tomorrow so that I can be done please ? 
has this Neuro final at 8 , then work from 1048-212 , then I think I am going to sleep . I slept on the couch last night so that when I woke up I could continue studying ... yeah well the only plus of the couch was that the heat felt nice in the livingroom . This Neuro final is probably going to get the best of me ... 
hopes it doesn't snow too much :o / I want to be able to go home :o / 
rawr ! SNOW ! Getting myself together , getting my car , doing a little running in this nastiness , coming back , packing my car , and spending the day at my Aunt's so that I can just leave tomorrow ... come snow , hell , or high water . 
is home ... after driving to 3 malls in < PROPFEMALE > , then coming down through MD to see these awesome wind turbines while on the < PROPMALE > Dixon Hwy ( I've never seen them before in person ) , then through WVa to lovely OH . What a long day it has been . 
... has nothing to do on New Years Eve ... anyone want to invite me in on their plans ? I know ... I'm lame . 
Thanks to everyone who took the time to invite me out . Appreciate the consideration . Mom got called off work , so we're gonna get Chinese , and watch movies . Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > everyone ! 
is in her apt . Sleepy and slightly hungry but its too late to eat ... maybe an orange ... that isn't too bad . 905 class tomorrow ... oh joy . 
Class from 230-345 then dinner/homework at Panera with < PROPFEMALE > Shaw at 6 . I need to email my advisor so I can go and talk about switching my option ... * nervous * ... 
Reposting : Its WAYBACK WEEK ! RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable we all were ! I want to see some cute kid pics ! 
is praying for those in Haiti . 
' s neighbor is smoking somethin stinky and it is making my apartment stinky too ... I know other people in the hallway can smell it too ... :o / 
wants to steal a FF everytime she goes by the Firehouse on the bus and they're out and about .... 
... stressed ... which isn't good because it makes my anxiety problem worse ... 
I karate chopped my dog at the dinner table because I'm cool like that . 
I karate chopped my dog at the dinner table because I'm a Ninja . 
just ate a hershey bar with almonds ... and Manal Khalil's almonds from her hershey bar :o ) 
is angry . I looked online to see what GameStop's hours were and it said that the one on N . Atherton was open Mon-Sun from 10am-9pm . Well I got there a little after 830pm and they were closed . I JUST WANT TO PLAY RAYMAN RAVING RABBIDS 2 WITH MY ROOMMATE !!! 
ok . Trying GameStop again before work , then the roomie is dropping me off at work .... 448-Close . Then coming home and relaxing . Classes start up again tomorrow after this lovely 3 day weekend . 
RAWR ... no video game on N Atherton ... but they have one in the GameStop at the mall ... I don't want to have to go to the mall to get it ... maybe its a sign that its not meant to be ... meeting and class tomorrow and then home to do work before I pick up some much needed school supplies . 
yay wednesday ! 1 Class today , then home ... or maybe I will stop in at the recruiter downtown ... We'll see . Getting some supplies that I couldn't last night , and then doing some homework . 
is going running ... say what ? 
work from 1018-218 . Then I am going grocery shopping a little so that I can make Hawaiin beans and meatloaf ... gotta use this hamburger meat up one way or another . Then doing homework and waiting for the roomie to get home from canning for THON . Cell if you must but I won't be answering til I get off work ! 
is in the process of making Hawaiin beans , meatloaf , mashed potatoes , and mixed veggies for dinner . Thanks Mom ( Oline Haner ) for the recipes :o ) <3 
ate toooo much food .... even though I only ate once today ... hmm . 
working on homework . Why does the weekend blow by so quickly ? 
class , then work from 448-close . Homework in between with homework after work . I hate Mondays . 
has to : write a story about herself ( fictional ) with < PROPMALE > characteristic changed/write minimum 5 pg short fiction story , draw outline of something for art/fill it in with < PROPFEMALE > ink/submit it , study for a quiz thursday/find the book that I have to read for the quiz on thursday , do my physics homework , and work on Friday/find time in there to eat/sleep/workout I thought this semester was going to be less work ? RAWR ... 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change to a profile picture of you with your brother or sister or both ( or more) ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one . 
COOOOOOOLLLLDDDD outside !! Grocery shopping , and homework today ... 
Gives you something you can do with your hands Makes you look cool and feel like a man In the morning you'll probably regret me Me and your cigarettes Light us up and then throw us down Walk away when we hit the ground How's it gonna feel when you come back around here and see It's just you and your cigarettes 
is in the library ; writing a piece of ficttion < PROPFEMALE > 5 pages , writing another fictional story , working on my metals assignment for Ecotox , Studying physics , reading material for Ecotox , and maybe my < PROPMALE > assignment ... cell . I have food and drink to last me a while , so I'm probably gonna be in here all day ! 
is done with the fictional story , and the other . Finished all but one of the problems for Ecotox . Gonna do the < PROPMALE > assignment in a bit . Ugh , that took longer than I thought . 
ha-blah blah . Class , work , homework , class , work , homework . I think I found the definition for horribly monotonous . 
is wishing her mom , Oline Haner , the best for her job interview today !! 
doesn't like mucinex ... it has weird ... err .... side effects ... 
Doppelgang me !! 
in the library ... trying to keep up on all this work ... Mothman isn't going to be on the History channel until next Wednesday . 
for all of you wondering why the lovely < PROPFEMALE > Lambert is my profile picture , it's doppelganger week on here ... so I'm just giving into that lovely thing called peer pressure and joining the bandwagon . 
... ok , back to < PROPFIRST > now ... lol errg facebook , I hate you and your distractiveness with these status/profile pic things ! 
This is my temporary Home It's not where I belong Windows and rooms that I'm passin ' through This was just a stop , on the way To where I'm going I'm not afraid because I know this was My temporary home . 
note to self : just because , theoretically , hot stuff is quenched by cool stuff , doesn't mean that the burn caused by flaming hot cheetos is abated by cool ranch doritos ... 
people ... if someone writes \TOOL\ " on a piece of paper and sticks it on your desk when you aren't there ... and you then proceed to interrogate the entire library about its origin ... you just solidified the fact that you ARE indeed a TOOL . " 
... Holy Snow . I think there is about a foot out there ? And its still coming down , and lucky me has to go to work today . Oh joy . I think I would rather go sledding , but work instead . * sigh * ... well got the sweatpants over the work pants , hoodie over the work shirt , along with the winter coat and my boots , work shoes are in a bag ... what a boring day it is going to be ... not many people are gonna wanna brave this to eat ... 
home from work ... finally . The fact that hardly anyone decided to brave the snow for food , made this a horribly long 6 hours . Relaxing and doing some homework/cleaning later . 
going to the library to work on this silly poster of an assignment ... rawr . 
watchin the superbowl for its commercials and half time ... not the game ... 
stoked that someone picked up my shift on such short notice ... now I can work on my group project without worrying about a warning ! :o ) This monday just got a little better . 
Rawr to living in central < PROPFEMALE > , where no matter how large the amount of snow , we still have classes ... If I were in Ohio , I wouldn't have school right now ... 
still snowing . Manal is 21 at Midnight tonight ... there may be shenanigans at play ! :o ) Studying my life away until then . 
I've got the streets memorized I see the faces embedded in my mind I can't keep on fighting the urge go I've got nothing in common with this town I've come to know The same old lines , the same routine Nothing changes and that's not good for me I need a break . I need something new I need to replace these old worn out broken shoes 
--> Happy 21st Manal Khalil , you're finally there ... only one more milestone to look forward to in your twenties ... and I know , I'm still old :o ) <3 <3 
Happy Happy Birthday Sherrilee Fowler . You're so old today :o ) But hey , that doesn't make you a cougar yet ! Happy 22nd ! 
yay for International Remind Me That I Am Single Day ! I have a roomie to be my < PROPFIRST > though . <3 Manal Khalil . 
... studying for physics exam , taking physics exam , then homework ... yay ... 
homework ... blah blah blah ... 
just talked to a very good looking cowboy in a black cowboy hat with a red plaid shirt ... did I tell him my name ? No . I told him that my friend bet me to talk to him ... did I get his name ? No . I told him he had a nice hat though ... and we shook hands . lol He is a working man . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Friedl . You owe me . I almost had a spaz because I had to talk to him ... 
is in the RRR writing on her final paper for the Fiction chunk of her English class , doing her < PROPMALE > assignment , and doing physics . Come join ! You know the library is that much fun ... 
is working today from 1048-5 ... double shift ... gotta make up for missing two shifts in the past two weeks ... cell me after then , or just leave a message ( Don't < PROPFEMALE > my phone on me ) . Happy Friday everyone . 
' s gland along her jaw , near her ear is swollen . It has been doing this on and off for a while now , about 2 months ; along with ear congestion ... for 2 months ... it hurts to swallow/sneeze/push on the area ... rawr . I want to hold off on the DR til spring break but thats 2 weeks away :o / 
is going to her aunt's with Manal for dinner then to the lib to do work . 
is at the library . It has become like a second home ; only with lots of people and books and school stuff ... ewww ... 
is tired of fighting this cold ... skipping out on class ( I know , bad ) but I hate when people sit in class and hack their brains out the whole time while I'm trying to pay attention , so I'm just going to refrain from being that person myself . I mean it is only 1 class that I'm missing . 
is death right now . Let me tell how much I enjoy being up til 430 in the am because I can't stop the incessant tickle then cough response my body has acquired during the hours needed for sleep . Coughdrops don't work , cough syrup doesn't work ... I'm this [ ] close to resorting to illegal tranquilizers , meds , etc ... err I mean kidding ? 
spending STATE < PROPFEMALE>'s Day with my roommate . 
... so my shirt says I \shamrock(pic of a shamrock)\ " < PROPFEMALE > Boys ... and some guy asked me how you \ " shamrock\ " someone ... IDK ?! lol you grab a handful and shove it in their face ? Shamrocks that is ... lol ... " 
thinks that she has bronchitis , or walking pneumonia ... neither of which are welcomed the week before spring break . -Going home on Thursday after class ! 
is doing some homework before work , 448-close , then an < PROPMALE > assignment , tomorrow a quiz and my memoir is due plus lecture and recitation , wed is a reading and lecture and < PROPMALE > assignment , thurs lab , paper , lecture , and home , friday < PROPMALE > assignment in ohio ! and then saturday phys hw .... SUN STARTS SPRINGBREAK ! 
Now and then I confess you cross my mind Now and then I guess I have a little too much time Ive changed my way of thinking Ive tried hard to separate What came too soon From what came too late I dont think about me in terms of you I dont think about you in terms of us I dont think about us in terms of love I dont think about then in terms of now I found a way to start again somehow 
is going home tomorrow . Work today from 448-Close then < PROPMALE > assignment with Jakey , then packing . Tomorrow phys lab , ecotox , and english , then getting my car , loading it up , stopping at walm < PROPMALE > , gas , then on the road !! 
home today ! Ecotox 100-215 , Engl 230-345 , getting my car , packing , hitting wal-mart , then road . I'm on the home stretch now ! 
is on her way to Morehead with the new Final Fantasy for < PROPMALE > . May be spending the night , I don't know yet . Back tomorrow to do laundry . 
is going to be heading back to Gallipolis tonight . Don't feel too well and I think bubba will sleep better at home . 
doesn't like the taste of prednisone ... my antiobiotic is < PROPFIRST>'s egg blue and my cough syrup looks like mountain dew ... but it isn't fooling me ; it doesn't taste like mountain dew ... :o / 
is going to Chillicothe to eat with my Grandma's family ... what a yucky rainy day ... :o ( 
has red in her hair ... and might get more :o ) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Haner- You would have been 70 today . <3 Miss you ... R.I.P. <3 
is in the library ... yay . 
is sitting in the library ... playing games ... lol 
picked up a shift Friday , so now I'm working Friday and Saturday . Glad to be feeling better though , hoping the allergies stay away ... and missing home ... 
WHY WON'T ULTIMA ONLINE DOWNLOAD ?!?! 
is wishing her brother < PROPMALE > Simmons a happy 25th birthday ! 
is sad that it is already 59 degrees , < PROPFEMALE > , the first day of spring , wonderful , etc and I am stuck inside working from 1018-418 ... these six hours are going to drag on ... not to mention Redifer is like a small greenhouse filled with hundreds of people which equals super warm inside ... * sigh * counting down the hours til 4 ... 
wanted : guy with good values and morals , preferrably the small town kind , and country would only make it better . Immature and insincere guys need not apply . 
enjoys the game [ Prototype ] . When I get this 360 fixed , I am so buying it . Work today from 448-close , then work tomorrow from 1018-418 , then studying the rest of my weekend away . 
work today ... 1018-418 ... why did I pick up this shift ? I could be sleeping right now ? Oh yeah , money . * sigh * I guess there will be a nap in order after I get home instead of studying . Gotta do what ya gotta do . 
is angry because every time I try to DL the Ultima Online Client , it doesn't work ... I just want to play :o / I mean I went out and bought a mouse for my laptop and everything just so I could play easier ... and I can't play ... 
in the library doing phys hw , studying for phys exam , writing an ecotox paper and an english paper . No work tomorrow because of an exam , but I'm sure I'll be picking up some shifts . Errg I just want to be done . 
... thank you Dr. Woodward for extending the ecotox paper deadline to Thurs . Phys hw is done , now just for the phys studying and English . 
is missin ' Ohio somethin ' awful . 
picked up a shift for tomorrow , wed , and thurs . and posted my Sat shift ( even though there are already 9 posted and mine prob isn't going to get picked up ... oh well ) and I'm seriously considering going home Friday for the weekend . 
Tues shift done , Wed , and Thurs work ... and of course no one has picked up my Saturday :o / 
Correction : Saturday shift has been picked up !! YAY !! Something good did come out of today ; even though I almost lost my phone and work hat/ put vinegar in the < PROPFEMALE > oil ... etc , it was an accident day but it proved to be ok ! Work tomorrow and Thurs , paper due thurs , < PROPMALE > due wed and fri ... and then :o ) :o ) :o ) 
class and work shift tomorrow , paper due tomorrow , < PROPMALE > due friday . The list of things to do slowly dwindles . Yay . 
Well , I only p < PROPMALE > ially did my < PROPMALE > assignment last night ... I guess I'll just finish it ... when I get home :o ) 
work tonight , then < PROPMALE > homework . Tomorrow is country night with my girls <3 :o ) 
class from 1010-345 then out for a bike ride before country night tonight . :o ) Manal Khalil , < PROPFEMALE > Friedl , and < PROPFEMALE > Zimmerman and I are lettin out our hillbilly bone tonight . :o ) 
studying for this ecotox exam that is tomorrow ... and then doin my < PROPMALE > assignment later . Ugh ... still have a poem to write too ... boo . Today hasn't been productive besides emptying and reloading/running the dishwasher ... 
work today 1018-418 ... might stay a little later if they let me . Then home to do homework/relax/clean/get some things done ... wish it was warm again ... it flurried yesterday :o / 
Two words : Country Night . 
work from 448-close , then home to do < PROPMALE > and type up some English stuff . Work tomorrow from 448-close , then nothing Friday ! Except maybe the work formal ... still not sure if I'm going . Work Saturday from 1018-418 . 
wants to go fishing ... or camping ... or 4-wheeling ... or ... I just want to be outdoors :o / 
EVERYBODY please follow this link and vote for Miss Kirra for the 2010 Parents Magazine Cover Photo Contest !!! Just hit \I Like This\ " next to her picture !!!! VOTE EVERYDAY !!!! Thanks guys !!! http://www.parents.com/photos/photo-contests-1/2010-parents-cover-contest/1771300121 " 
Class then work , then homework . Blah . I don't like how two of those contain the word work , and all 3 involve it . 
homework before class , then class , class , home to clean and more homework before a possible country night ? 
lots and lots to do before finals week ... oh and did I mention that I am working 30 hours finals week . Oh joy . 
is working from 10-4 , then studying . Tomorrow getting up to study for my exam that is at 8am , monday ! ... Ugh . Still soooo much to do ! 
stuuuudying . Boo . 
is looking forward to this thunderstorm so that the humidity will go away ... I just hope that it won't keep me awake tonight with all its ruckus . I have an 8am Physics exam in the morning ... oh joy . 
1-8am final down , one tomorrow . Nap , check , still have English portfolio , < PROPMALE > assignments and laundry to do . As well as studying for my 8am bio exam tomorrow . Work tomorrow from 2-close . And my W , TH and F work schedule will be the same . 
Done with the art ... debating whether to turn in the extra credit . I'm not sure she'll take it ... English portfolio , laundry and studying Ecotox . Work tomorrow at 2 . Happy I got my package , thanks Oline Haner , <3 you momma . 
Done with < PROPMALE > , English ( besides printing everything ) , gonna do extra credit < PROPMALE > , then studying probably til my 8am in the morning . Laundry is almost done , and then turning in my portfolio tomorrow before work at 2 . Gonna be a long day , but it is almost over . 
is DONE !!! Now just have to make it through the work week . 2-Close starting today through Friday . Then I have to find another job ... because I'm not sure that I want to work at Findlay ... not to mention I still have to do stuff for potentially taking summer classes ! Eek ! So much done , but still , so much to do ! 
Work today 2-Close , work tomorrow 2-Close , and Friday 2-Close . Whew almost done . And its a beautiful day today :o / of course . Oh well , at least it will take away from the time I'm here alone since Manal went home til Monday . 
... well , no < PROPFIRST>'s list this semester ... stupid physics ... AND I have to hunt down an assignment from the beginning of the semester because apparently ANGEL didn't take my submission ... stupid thing , isn't the first time its done this to me ... I just hope the paper is still on the campus computer ... Work tomorrow 2-Close ... again . 
Work today from 2-Close , and then tomorrow 12-730 . Then I'm done ! Oh and Lets Go PENS ! 
Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immense responsibility\ 
& very little authority . You step into people's lives & make\ 
a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You see people at\ 
their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You see people's\ 
capacity for love , courage , & endurance . ? IT'S NURSES APPRECIATION\ 
WEEK . REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE , AND/OR APPRECIATE A\ 
NURSE ? <3 Oline Haner <3 
had an interesting night shall you say ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > McClelland and Zach Brodsky and other Redifer-ians . Yes , Rafal , I totally saved you from a fight . 
might have a job as a research assistant for the summer , 8.50 /hr . * fingers crossed * 
Happy Mother's Day Momma , Oline Haner , and to my Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . And to the rest of you mothers out there , Happy Mother's Day ! <3 <3 <3 We appreciate everything you've done for us . 
Impulse : going to ohio 
I pray your breaks go out when you're runnin down a hill . I hope a flower pot falls from a window sill ... I'll pray for you . 
is heading back to State/home tomorrow . Will miss the visit once I'm gone , but I miss my hetero-life partner . 
Mmm < PROPFIRST > young's voice 
beautiful weather in the wva mountains , windows down , radio blarin ' . 
wants to go camping , with a big bonfire , hotdogs , smores and all the other good things . 
bwahahaha Phillies lost to the Pirates ! lol Can't wait to go visit Ohio for Memorial Day ! 
is going to the gym , then some food , and then cleaning . My room is a mess and needs something done about it . Cell . 
bed . Ohio tomorrow ? I ate and went to the gym today , but didn't do the much needed cleaning ... it will get done ... eventually . 
--> church , then coming home to take care of my needy children Spunky , < PROPFEMALE > , Pinky , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . I think these dogs need more attention than an actual child . Parentals will be home this evening . 
softball tonight and tomorrow :o ) I hope it doesn't rain . It's like the only two games I'm going to get to play in . 
has a large round red < PROPFIRST > with softball stich < PROPFIRST > s on her thigh ... I'm sure it will be a bruise tomorrow . That's what I get for trying to catch it with my thigh ... lol Game tomorrow night too :o ) 
playing Gallipolis Christian tonight in church softball , lets see \ 
if we can win this . Congratulations to my nephew Daunevyn on graduating \ 
kindergarten today ! ? 
either fractured her ankle or sprained it really really bad . Erg . How is it that i play for 8 years and just start getting hurt last year and this year . 
well , it isn't broken , which is good ... but I almost wish it was ... breaks heal faster than bad sprains :o / No weight bearing ... which means crutches , which means I'm not going much of anywhere since me+crutches = accident waiting to happen . 
loves a nice dodge pickup . 
woo\ 
sunburn after laying out with mom on the river yesterday ... I could be\ 
the new advertisement for coppertone . It was funny though when the\ 
river barges went by blowing , and the guys came out with their\ 
binoculars ... haha . I think they've been out on the water too long . 
doing laundry and packing so I can leave back \home\ " to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . Can't wait to go \ " pool\ " ing with Manal Khalil and Gibran ! " 
We aren't made to figure out , we're just made to love . 
Anything appears beautiful with the right sense of seeing . You just have to take the time to look around and value everything as it is . 
Pool again today ... for the 3rd day in a row :o ) 
heading\ 
to NE < PROPFEMALE > today . I think my ' rents hotel is in Scranton . Graveside \ 
service tomorrow in Auburn Center at St. Bonaventure , and then Camping/cooking out in Meshoppen . 
is taking a detour on new berwick hwy because traffic on 80 is bumper to bumper traffic 
STATE COLLEGE !! <3 
pool . Missing < PROPFEMALE > \ 
norske familie . 
just yelled at the firemen outside of < PROPFEMALE > house . Ow ow keep it up guys . ;o ) 
Don't forget the little moments\ 
\ 
They're the ones that mean the most \ 
When the way home seems so far away\ 
Take ' em out and hold them close\ 
And take a picture with your father\ 
' Cause one day he'll be gone\ 
And don't forget to fill an old shoebox\ 
Full of things to look back on 
just got back from sneaking into the pool :o ) Swimming in the dark is fun ... even more so when you have to jump the fence to get in :o ) 
is being a nerd and playing DAoC . 
roommate is gone :o / cleaning my room and packing the stuff I won't need that has to go home with me in two weeks . Paid the last rent check today on this place , how depressing . Be outta here on the 9th of August . * tear * 
cleaning cleaning cleaning . Yuck . 
--> anyone want to come clean my apt ? I will pay you in ... my company . haha 
wants another pair of cowboy boots ... 
Is outside in the cold because there was a fire at the apt . Rawr . 
went to bed at 5 ... up now ... lots to do today ... just want to sleep ... 
Have a safe and happy 4th of July weekend everyone ! 
had an interesting evening ... went on the roof of the Centre Country Dems building , then onto the radio tower to watch the fireworks tonight and was met by police who thought we were tresspassing ... wrote down our ID's and everything ... good thing < PROPFIRST > works there and showed them he had keys or else it would have been even more interesting . Happy 4th everyone ! 
yay ! My mom is coming on Wednesday ! I think we're going to hike Mt . Nittany at some point if anyone wants to join in . It will be nice to have some regular company . 
Is intrigued by the show mad men . 
wants to keep watching this show ... I'm addicted , but I'm so sleepy ! 
pool . 
Mom is coming tomorrow !! Woo Oline Haner is going to be in State College ! Yay ! 
has an older man crush on < PROPFIRST > Harmon . :o ) 
Well all three engines of < PROPFEMALE > fire co are at pizza hut . I thought out other bldg was on fire . Wow . 
... can I have one please ?? I mean I don't think that they will miss one firefighter out of the bunch ... I'll give him back ... eventually . :o ) 
We won't take a dime if we ain't earned it , as far as weight we pull our own here . If its our backwoods way of livin youre concerned with you can leave us alone 
Ohio , now why you gotta be all rainy when I get here when all I've heard about is how hot and < PROPFEMALE > you've been ? 
wonders how she could run around barefoot and never get stung , but as soon as she puts shoes on to be careful , she gets another honeybee in her shoe ... to sting her in the EXACT same place as last summer . I just hope my foot doesn't swell as bad as it did then ... 
foot is swelling and itches like no other ... and its on the leg that already has the bad ankle ... I guess that is better than bumming two legs . Unpacking my car more tomorrow . Shaved the dog today ... she looks like a two year old went after her with scissors , but at least she is cooler and not as matted . 
oh my goodness ... my toes are so swollen and itchy , I swear the thought to just cut them off just entered my mind ... gotta be some benadryl around here somewhere ... Softball tourney starts tomorrow <3 
--> softball tourney starts tonight ! Toes are still swollen and itching like crazy , but not quite as much as they were , enough though that I still can't bend them ... popped some benadryl , hopefully it will go down more . 
sunburnt and sore , but it was fun and worth it . :o ) 
wishes the weather would make up its mind . Either storm or don't . Enough of this in between nasty looking sky that sprinkles . 
experiencing another dreary day in SE Ohio . Where is all the sunshine , heat , and humidity ? I've had enough of the rain . 
¯\\(°_o)/¯ Rawr ¯\\(o_°)/¯ 
--> gonna go scrape the railing at Grandma and Papaw's ... then maybe paint it . I think I might go steal a swim from < PROPMALE>'s pool later ! 
I'd like one man , tall dark handsome , little bit of scruff , lotta bit of country with a good full serving of faith and good morals . 
If men were made to order : i'd like one man , tall dark handsome , little bit of scruff , lotta bit of country with a good full serving of faith and good morals . 
thanks < PROPFIRST > Quickel for listening to me vent about how screwed up PHEAA is ... back in < PROPFEMALE > for not even a whole day and everything is going to the crapper ... back to cleaning the apartment so that it is moveout ready come monday ... 
... wow . I think I need a ventilation unit ... between the toilet bowl cleaner , scrubbing bubbles , and oven cleaner , my head is spinning ... and still so much to do ! 
hates when people try to bash the military in hopes of convincing her to not join it ... I'm sorry but that logic is not going to work with me . 
doesn't feel like cleaning today ... I've been cleaning the last 2 days ... so it has become intermittent cleaning while relaxing . Roomie is back tomorrow ! I havn't seen her in over a month ! YAY ! 
well while cleaning out my cupboard and trying to figure out what to cook for dinner ... I got the crazy idea to pulverize what was left of my vanilla almond shredded wheat cereal and bread some chicken with it . So far it smells delicious , but we will see how it tastes ! 
MANAL ! 
is unpacking and moving into her new home . I am living in Park < PROPMALE > now with my Aunt . Possible Ohio trip sometime before school starts to empty out the stuff in my car ... definitely didn't think there was going to be that much ... 
rawr ... life needs to get better . 
is waiting for these blisters to heal completely so that she can go run run running ! 
yay country night . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Friedl . It was a good time as always . Manal Khalil I thought of you when \You and me goin ' fishin in the dark ... \ " :o ) Wish you would have been there ! " 
is in Ohio til tomorrow ... Class on monday . Woo . :o / Where did summer go ? 
heading back to SC sometime ... I love how my EDT always gets pushed back ... but then again , I never even made a set time this time . At this rate , I won't be back til midnight or later . lol Good thing I can sleep in and relax tomorrow before class Monday ! 
is back at State . 1 am ... pretty close to my 12am estimate . Now to sleep ... and get myself ready for Monday . Whew I'm glad that drive is done , 90% of it was in the dark , with the rain . Yuck . 
class 905-955 , 125-215 , then work from 418-close . Woo . Summer , please please come back . 
... ugh . 8am class I despise you . 
... rolling into bed , only to have to roll out of it in less than 5 hours ... woo . Next week , if there is one , won't be this late . It was fun though ! Anything to make sure friends get home safe . 905-955 , 125-215 , and then work from 418-close . Another long one tomorrow ... :o / 
rawr ... class 905- 955,125 -215 , and then work 418-close . then sleeping my life away til 6 am tomorrow . 
class from 415-530 , then dinner , followed by some homework ... 
1 week down , many more to go . Is it bad that I'm already counting down to Thanksgiving break ?? 
can I have a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > please ? 
this pre-lab crap isn't very self-explanatory , considering we didn't get much explanation elsewhere ... 
<3 ' s country night with < PROPFEMALE > Zimmerman and < PROPFEMALE > Friedl . Always a good time girls . Manal Khalil it just isn't the same without you . We danced and sang some of your fave songs that reminded us of you . You were there in spirit !! P.S. You need to make a Tuesday trip up !!! 
OSU vs < PROPFIRST > ? Really . lol I don't like either team really , but I think I dislike the bucks more ... so Go Herd . 
WE ARE ... PENN STATE ! Lets Go State ! Beat Youngstown ! Work from 10-4 , then I'm done for the day ! 
thanks daddy Baron Haner for the ruck sack . :o ) I think my college \edumakation\ " is standing in the way of me figuring this thing out . :o ) " 
has work on labor day ... rawr . 
fed the doggy , fed myself . Now to give us both a walk . Country night tonight ? I dunno yet . 
rawr , running a little late , burned my bagel , and work today . This is going to be a great day ... 
hates Animal Phys ... these notepackets are ridic ... oh and I have 3 exams in a little over a week ... woo . On a brighter note , it's Friday , Manal is coming , and it's fall football season . Be safe everyone travelling to ' Bama for tomorrow's game . Lets Go State ! 
<3 ' s her parents and is thankful for everything they've done . Thanks momma , Oline Haner , and Daddy , Baron Haner , I appreciate everything you've given me ! Can't wait to see you in less than a month ! 
Ugh . 3 exams the week of the 20th . Sept 20th-Mammalian Physiology , Sept 22nd-Animal Physiology , Sept 23rd- Ecology of Infectious Diseases . Plus work and other classes . Woo . Let the fun-ness of the semester begin . 
Correction : lol It isn't 2 of the same exam ... 20th-Mammalian Physiology , 22nd-Plant Physiology , 23rd- Ecology of Infectious Diseases ... but still just as bad . 
mmm PB&Honey , and then bed . Stupid physiology quiz , I despise you both in your first , pop quiz form , and second in your online 10 minute form . Bed , up early for class and 4 hour lab , followed by more class and studying . 
RAIN . If it is still spitting when I get home , I think that it will be the perfect motivation to go running ... I <3 running in the rain . 
< PROPMALE > is asleep on my foot ... twitching away ... who knows what he's dreaming about ... silly dog . At least he's good for keeping feet warm :o ) 
rawr rawr rawr . And no that doesn't mean I love you in dinosaur . 
it's getting to be that time .. yup yup , I'm talking bout Halloween !! 
wishes fishy would get better :o / I've done 50% water changes two days in a row now , and vacuumed his tank twice , changed the filter ... and he's still gaspy , lethargic , and on his side . I would think the ammonia levels would be better ... :o ( Ugh and it isn't even 9 and I'm so sleepy . So much for studying . I only got in about 4-5 hours of it today . blah . I know what I'm doing tomorrow . 
just did a nice peaceful 1.5 mile walk with the doggy . The fish isn't lookin good . I'm thinking that even if I do another water change it isn't going to help . I think I'm just prolonging the inevitable . Studying all day and then review session tonight . I hate having 3 exams in a week , 2 of which are on the same day ... plus homework of course . 
just sent the fishy off to his \watery paradise\ " . I don't think there was any saving him ... I think I was just prolonging his inevitable . At least I don't have to see him gasping anymore . :o / Studying and homework til my review session tonight at 8 . " 
class , homework/studying , class , homework/studying , work , home , studying , sleep . I see waay too much of the same thing today . 3 exams this week ... here we go . 
haha wow to that plant phys exam . lol Animal phys at 125 then work at 418 . 1 more exam tomorrow and a quiz and this week will pretty much be done . Thank goodness . 
If you like a man who You can put your trust in You don't have to worry Where he's been Then rest easy Girl , you're gonna love me So girl if you like a big heart That's in this for the long haul Till we're rockin ' on the front porch And they're callin ' me papaw Till the last breath you breathe Girl you're gonna love me\ 
One phrase : Sugarland's Stuck on you ... but with < PROPFIRST > Young . lol 
Manal Khalil , can we go fishing in the dark ? 
loves these cool nights . Can't you just smell fall coming ? <3 
happy birthday to my wonderful brother < PROPMALE > Simmons , my nephew Braydn , and my 2nd cousin < PROPMALE > ! May you all enjoy your varying degrees of age :o ) Oh and < PROPMALE > , I still love you , even though you are getting old ;o ) 
rain rain rain . Today , and tomorrow . At least maybe the cool weather will stay . I <3 fall time in Happy Valley , just not the dreary rain that comes with it . 
Turn the quiet up , turn the noise down \ 
Let this ol ' world just spin around \ 
I wanna feel it swing , wanna feel it sway \ 
And put some feel good in my soul\ 
Want a little more right , and a little less left \ 
Little more right now , a little less what's next \ 
Act like tomorrow's ten years away \ 
And just kick back and let the feelin ' flow 
Up at 6 to feed/walk the dog ... in the rain , of course . Class from 8-530 , then home to make shrimp , baked potatoe and asparagus for dinner . Mmm , then to feed and walk Gustifer again . I just hope he doesn't bring me the back leg of a squirrel again :o / 
ate way too much , but the shrimp , asparagus , baked potato and salad was yummy . :o ) I kind of forgot how much I like cooking . 
Class from 905-215 , then work from 448-Close . Homework and enjoying the cool weather in between . I <3 Fall time . 
I must be angry . My namesake T.S. < PROPFEMALE > is dumping rain all over state college . Hahaha I think its kind of fitting to my mood today . 
Yay ! My parents will be here a week from today ! 
today my Grandpa would have been 90 . RIP Grandpa Helvig . Du vil bli savnet . 
Aww Penn State ... it's ok , we're still a little green . It could have always been worse ... WE ARE ... PENN STATE , through wins and losses . 
this NMR spectra is impossible . I swear this compound does not exist . 
Before you hedge those bets you placed against me\ 
Be reticent of fortunes they foretell\ 
Your verbal defecation i can't wash away despite myself\ 
Your vanity , it seems , has served you well\ 
You're so quick to choose the path walked by the righteous\ 
So you can go and nest among the weak\ 
The innocent observers will refuse to find the lie within\ 
Renew the disappointment of the meek 
loooves Perugina Dark Chocolate . Mmm its so < PROPMALE > and creamy :o ) 
the parentals are en route . They will be here this afternoon . Should be a pretty good weekend . Manal is on her way too . 
Oline Haner and Baron Haner will be here around 3ish . Let the homecoming week festivities begin . ... although there is much homework to be done :o / * grumble grumble * Manal Khalil , drive faster , k ? Thanks . 
oooh homework I hate you so much ... ochem , studying and laundry . Had a good weekend :o ) Now back to the grind again . 
hahahaha it is 8:30 pm and I have done absolutely no homework , besides write a single sentence in my lab notebook ... this lab is due Tuesday ... and I have to do excel graphs , etc ... oh motivation where did you go ? 
oww ... cut ... hand ... bread knife ... :o / I definitely didn't think they were that sharp ... but I guess serrated goes a long way when you're trying to saw through a bagel ... 
just had my first run of the fall season ... over that hump of just doing it ... now just to make it a regular habit ... considering I did better than I thought , probably because I had my puppy dog to run with . 
needs a haircut :o / 
rawr . So much to do , so little time , story of my life . 
c'mon Pens , we need this win tonight against the Islanders , lets get it together . 
Alright , we got the Islanders last night , let's keep this going ... I mean its only the Flyers ... booooo Flyers ..... 
thinks it is turning out to be a great night in sports ... Pens beat the Flyers 5-1 , and OSU is CH .. CH ... CHOKING ! Haha Lets Go Badgers ! 
YES ! Great weekend all around , except for maybe the physiology studying part . Had a good night Friday , plus the Pens won Friday night , and tonight , and #1 OSU just got it handed to them by Wisconsin . Sorry Ohio fans , but based on drive , I have to give it all to Wisconsin . They outplayed you tonight in more than just skill . 
thinks she might be getting bronchitis ... again ... Ugh I really don't want to be one of those people that get chronic bronchitis and have it hit them EVERY year . :o / 
rawr ... just had to stop studying and go to the bathroom because I couldn't stop coughing ... and to persistently cough in a library , I'm sure that's annoying . I'm giving this til Wednesday ... then it will have been about a week and then I'm going to the doctor . Its decided . I DO NOT want a sinus infection and bronchitis again , and that is what this is starting to feel like . Meds please . 
is so excited for this awful week to be over so that I can go see my awesome cousin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . I can't wait for the Annual Halloween Party . It will be a great weekend to an awful week . Just wish my momma , Oline Haner could make it up , it'd be even more of a blast . 
YES !! Haha , thank you to the inadequacies of the English department for not correctly printing the number of exams needed for Engl 191 . You have made my day by giving me a take home version of an already easy exam ; also my 630-8 class has been canceled . Now only to get this ecology of infect . diseases exam done , and meet my group for our bio present . tomorrow , and all will be done ! Montrose tomorrow after class ! YAY ! 
It ain't a rebel flag you bought at the mall It's a hide away bed in an old horse stall Two kids gettin ' caught stealin ' a Boone's farm kiss It ain't a < PROPFIRST > Deere cap that's never fell in the cotton It's a < PROPFIRST > Rodgers song that was long forgotten It's homemade peach ice cream on sunburnt lips That's what country is 
Oh < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , you are putting me in a country mood today . I have been rockin out all week , but hearin your voice has turned me back to you . I think its gonna be a mixed music day on my drive to Susquehanna county today . 
is crashing and burning , slowly but surely ... I'm attempting homework but it is only making me sleepier . I guess that is what happens though when you're up til 5 in the morning and then only sleep til 9 ... had a good weekend though . < PROPFIRST > , I didn't know you , and only met you Friday , but R.I.P. I'm sure you will be missed by many . 
Class from 8-530 today , basically . Then home for dinner and homework . Ochem test today , Plant Phys test tomorrow . Looking forward to the weekend . 
... Oo ... So I've gotten about 14 hours of sleep in about 4 days ... time to sleep ... at least until 6 am when tomorrow starts . Erg ... going to be bed early tomorrow night . I have it all planned . 
Woo Friday !! 
... Holy throw back to highschool ... sophomore year I think ? 
voted today , did you ? 
stupid physiology quizzes ... argh . I had the right answer ... and then I second guess myself ... again . I swear , this is the story of my life ... and this was actually an easy one this time , of course I screw it up . 
Can't stand to hear \like\ " as a filler between every word in the English language . When did we revert to such poor grammar ? It drives me nuts . " 
rawr . I have a sweet tooth :o / and I don't know what to eat to quench it ... crisis !! 
TGIF ! Possible snow showers in the morning :o ) I <3 snow . 
and the countdown begins , t-minus 12 days . I can't wait . 
Just spilled a fresh hot cup of coffee all over the floor ... i didn't even get a sip out of it ... * grumble * today is definitely monday .... 
woot woot . I need to start having bad Mondays more often ... just got a 9/10 on my physiology quiz . It is about time I stopped making stupid mistakes . And I even know the one I got wrong . lol ... and I think I knew the answer ... 
Veteran\ 
is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable\ 
to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to and including \ 
their life . That is BEYOND HONOR , and there are way too many people in \ 
this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy/paste this as \ 
your status if YOU are a Veteran , KNOW a Veteran , LOVE a Veteran or SUPPORT OUR TROOPS ! Oline Haner and Baron Haner Hooah-ARMY 
1 week <3 I will be in the rural hills of southern Ohio . I can hear you calling now ... 
Woo pens . About time , we'll definitely take that 5-1 win over TB ! 
t-minus 5 days . 
lost my I.D , bought a new I.D , found my lost I.D , so now I have 2 ... shot in arm that hurts , exam at 1:25 that I am not quite prepared for ... work later with a sore arm . 2 more exams this week . Oh , Ohio , I can't wait . 4 days . 
gave blood today ... but had the worst stick ever ... she fished for my vein like she was bobbin for apples ... well that's gonna leave a bruise ... 
Mmm , large coffee , blueberry bagel & cream cheese , and reading about infections ? Haha , good mornings . Ochem exam done , now just to take this Ecology of Infectious Diseases one , and then 2 classes tomorrow stand between me and break ! Ohio on Saturday <3 
beautiful weather in Ohio , perfect for spending time with the fam . I hope everyone has a good , safe break , and a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
my brother and niece are here til later today ... and all this homework and laundry and getting my winter clothes is being put off ... I think what little motivation I have to not procrastinate stayed at Penn State ... Hope everyone is having a great break !! 
70-something degrees Monday , 60-something degrees yesterday , and 40's with sleet , and thunderstorms today . Yuck , where did the pretty weather go ? At least I get to snuggle inside by the woodstove ... while doing homework ... laundry too . Time to start on this list of stuff to do ... 
Kentucky for thanksgiving dinner . Hope everyone has a wonderful turkey day ! Just remember things could always be worse , so be thankful !! 
Is playing cod black ops . woo 
back from black Friday shopping ... finishing up laundry , debating whether or not to correct this lab report tonight ... probably not . Watchin the game tomorrow , packing , and doing homework . Leaving bright and early Sunday , or at least that's the plan ... 
has at least brought out 2 of the 3 loads of laundry to fold ... but has yet to start folding . Game at noon , LETS GO STATE ! ( Penn State that is ! ) Then maaaaybe homework ? Me and that just don't mix , so we'll see . 
stupid red ring of death on my xbox ... and out of warranty . Shenanigans . Microsoft , you're out of your flippin minds if you think I'm gonna pay $99.99 for repairs when I can buy a new one for that price ... I'll just buy a repair < PROPFEMALE > for $9.99 and save myself 90 dollars ... 
Is on rte 7 N , passing kyger creek and < PROPMALE > power plants . State College , < PROPFEMALE > bound . 
is\ 
back in State College ... now to do this lab report ... or well , correct \ 
the one and do the intro for the other ... the rest can be done tomorrow , \ 
oh procrastination ... kind of wish I had tomorrow off , I have the itch to go deer hunting ... 
has almost no voice ... is working on an almost finished lab(I don't know what else to put in it ?!?! ) ... and has an 8 am class in the morning ... and its almost 3am ? Lovely !! 
' s voice is continuing to disappear ... and I'm only running on 2 hours of sleep ... which in my world isn't sleep , that's a nap ! 8am lecture and then 4 hours of lab . Good thing I don't think I'll be there the whole time ... that means a nap in west commons is in order . 
has no voice , and a presentation to give Tuesday . Wonderful . Keep my niece in your thoughts and prayer , the poor baby has pneumonia ! 
well went to the Doc today ... he wasn't entirely definitive on what is wrong with me ... but I got a z pack and some cough suppressant , and I added a little OTC ibuprofin , expectorant , and sudafed to the mix . Voice is sounding better ... and I still don't feel sick , but hey maybe this will keep anything that could potentially invade , from invading . 
rawr . Homework day ... * sigh * 
Well , lab report due tomorrow and how much do I have done ? The same as I did last Monday when the other one was due on Tues ... nada . Time to get crackin ... or else its gonna be another long Monday ! 
Kind of wants to know what this whole < PROPFIRST > thing is about ....??? 
working on this lab report so that I don't have to do it tomorrow . Gonna try and get it all done tonight that way I can turn it in tomorrow and just be done with it ! ... I wish this cough would just go away ! If it doesn't in a day or two , I'm going BACK to the doc ! 
8am lecture quiz/exam after an interesting night . :o ) 
is asking for a little prayer for my Uncle < PROPFIRST > McClain . 
Mmm bagel and creamcheese , large coffee , and fresh < PROPMALE > of bel air ... haha I love west commons choice of entertainment . 
just finished my second to last semester of classes :o / 
... work 10-4 , yuck . Then studying I guess . 4 finals and almost 30hrs of work this week ... 
worked from 6:48 -11 , and I get to go back in and work some more from 2-5 . Woohoo . Then home to study . 4 finals and 30 hours of work this week , lovely . 
first final tonight . We'll see how it goes . 
wohoo , ecology of infectious diseases exam is done ; doing review for plant physiology exam that is at 440 . Work tomorrow at 648am-11 . Thursday English exam from 1010-12 , maybe picking up a work shift ? Friday mammalian physiology from 1220-210 , then work from 448-close . THEN I'M FREE !!! 
is a placebo . Mammalian physiology exam 1220-210 , the last one ... and I am just crossing my fingers and praying at this point ... then home to feed and walk the dog before work at 448-930 . Then I'm Free :o ) Pens Hockey game on Monday ! I am sooo flippin excited ! :o ) 
is goin to a PENS game tomorrow ... woot woot . Then to Ohio on Tuesday morning . Packing/cleaning/not watching the Steelers play poorly ... 
had an amazing time at the Pens game last night . I definitely love hockey even more now that I've seen an NHL game in person , not to mention we won 6-1 . The Consol Energy center is awesome ... Can't wait to go back :o ) In Ohio for a while . 
haha just \cut\ " my hand with a hand saw while cutting a dowel ... looks like someone dragged their teeth over my hand ... going to cut wood tomorrow with chainsaws and stuff ... this should be interesting ... lol " 
beat Fable III in 2 days ... I feel like a bum ... 
' s sciatic nerve is acting up ... finally hitting me after cutting wood Friday ... sure is makin me feel old ... 
wants a haircut ... err correction ... needs a haircut ... 
... grrr ... PHEAA ... pain in my neck . Payments of $100 ? It is supposed to be $50 ... and of course I can't call them , they are only open M-F ... anf Jury Duty ... umm , no . One more thing added to my list to take care of ... and what , the semester hasn't started and already this stuff ... gonna be a good year ... blah . 
woo for the new semester starting tomorrow ... which means work ... yay ... * sarcasm * . Still have to finish unpacking my car and getting crap together for tomorrow ... 
woowee it's cold outside ... not lookin forward to this 8am class in the morning , its gonna be COLD ! And PHEAA is gonna be hearin from me bright and early , buggers ! Class from 8am-320 then work from 448-close . 
Dear Nicole :\ 
This is to confirm that you have ACTIVATED your intent to graduate \ 
for spring semester 2011 . \ 
... so sad : ' o/ 
--> cleaning , shower , work 448-close , then calc and plant breeding hw . Class tomorrow . It was a nice 3 day weekend though . 
I HATE Calculus ... absolutely HATE it ... * grumble * * grumble * 
is getting tired of stupid spam mail about international account transfers , urgent mail , and business propositions ! I don't want it anymore ! And I can't even remove my email ... how the heck did I start getting them in the first place ?! <--- Not THAT gullible . 
... the snow is coming ... 
snowy days like these make me wish I went to a branch campus so that I could at least have a 2hr delay ... Class til 320 , then the weekend , although work tomorrow from 8-130 . 
laaaauuuunnnnndddddrrrrrryyyyyyy time !! ... I can handle the washin ' part ... someone wanna come fold for me :o ) I'll pay with you with my good humor and company ! 
eerg . Work at 8 in the morning . So much for sleeping in on the weekend ... then home to either nap :o ) Or do homework . Probably homework since it will be 130 before I clock out . Yay ... 
homework day tomorrow .... since I didn't do any today . Yes , that's right , the nap won out . Oh well . The Pens won , and hopefully the same will go for the Steelers tomorrow . 
just had my first encounter with split pea soup , and it was yummy :o ) 
woot woot . New Elder Scrolls game in the works , Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim ... too bad it comes out 11.11.11 . Oh that is so many months away :o / 
hates that this flippin ' computer keeps shocking me ! 
is playing pool in the basement ... by myself ... how exciting ... 
Oh what a lazy day ... I want to go play in the snow , but I have homework that I should be doing ... I don't think that its going to happen , the homework that is ... Oh procrastination ... 
thinks she may be getting bronchitis again ... erg ... I think I have a little athletic induced asthma that is irritating my airways when I run ... hopefully this just settles down if I keep running ... 
<---- feels like poo . 
Class and work . Nothing better when you feel like your eyeballs are gonna pop outta your head . Gonna be a long night making up for my being an invalid over the weekend . 
Hooooly sheet of ice State College ... 
I HATE Penn State's refusal for any kind of delay in inclement weather . 
Leave unsaid , unspoken\ 
Eyes wide shut , unopened\ 
You and me always between the lines\ 
Between the lines 
<3 ' s her smart wool socks :o ) 
doesn't want to do < PROPFIRST > linkage/segregation/recombination problems anymore ... 
All the colors\ 
Of the rainbow\ 
Hidden ' neath my skin\ 
Hearts have colors\ 
Don't we all know ? \ 
Red runs through our veins\ 
Feel the fire burning up\ 
Inspire me with blood\ 
Of blue and green\ 
I have hope\ 
Inside is not a heart\ 
But a kaleidoscope 
got pretty good at tellin lies\ 
picking fights and twisting knives\ 
seemed like one way to survive\ 
and i'm no stranger to the ground\ 
but i'm no good at staying down\ 
i don't know how to let it die 
is off to take a Calc exam , then home to do a quiz that is due at midnight , study for my Hort exam that is tomorrow at 230 , and work on my HPA paper that is due at midnight tomorrow ... Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to me ... 
positive : I knew how to do some of the problems on that calc exam . negative : I didn't know how to do some of the problems on that calc exam . Quiz time , and then I dunno , I guess studying for this Horticulture exam ... 
woot 100% on the quiz . Err , I was gonna study for this Hort exam , but I think I'm going to bed instead . I will , uh , get up early tomorrow and do it ? ... haha . Or so that is the plan . Exam tomorrow , and a paper due , and the next quiz goes live tomorrow ... oh joy , the work continues . Gotta get my arabidopsis seeds this week too ! 
class , and then work tonight from 448-close . Gotta get the Arabidopsis seeds after class so we can get a start on this independent research project ... fun fun . And oh calc exam , you kicked my butt just like I knew you would ... spring break is how far away ?... 
work from 2-5 ... hopefully I hear back from the greenhouse manager so I can plant my arabidopsis seeds ... I think maybe a run is in order for the evening , followed by homework . Ugh , Allergies ... I don't know what in the world is in the air , but it sure as heck isn't love ! I'm all sneezy , snuffy and itchy today ! BABY TOMORROW ! Can't wait to meet the new little Canich ! 
ALLERGIES ! I give up , you win ... can you please go away now ? 
its a girl ! Its a girl ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Canich is here ! 6lbs 12oz , 21in long ! 
being a cleaning freak today . Bathroom , bedroom , other random things ... anything to keep me from homework and laundry :o ) Although laundry will get done before homework ... Can't wait for spring break ! Florida panhandle here I come ! 
hahaha really ? You think THAT is going to hurt my feelings ? Pssh . lol Just means fewer things are going to pop up in my minifeed , score for me ! 
cleaned the bathroom today , cleaned my room , doing laundry , and well ... as for homework ... none yet . I might look over plant anatomy ... I don't think I'm going to start Calc though ... I mean it isn't due til Tuesday afterall ... 
SNOW !!! Son of a ... please go away . I want the 60 degree weather back that we had Friday ... not inches upon inches of snow and cold >:o / 
14 days til my birthday !! 
10 total days , 8 days of class , 4 days of work , 5 Quizzes , 2 Exams , 2 Homeworks , 3 Labs , 1 intro/prelim results for a research paper , and 1 pay day til spring break . 13 days til my birthday ! 
is sad that the cowboy didn't make it through on American Idol ... but on a positive note , I'm eatin puddin ! Haha ... probably not good considering I need to not scare everyone away on the beach in Florida over spring break ... 
strawberry/blueberry ... 
in 1 week , I will be in Ohio . In 9 days , I will be on my way to New Orleans , and then in 10 days , I will be in lovely Fort < PROPMALE > Beach , Florida . Oh happy days , next week won't be over soon enough . 
refuses to take part in this made-up holiday that gives PSU students another reason to act obnoxious and get sloppily intoxicated ... Don't you all do this every weekend anyway ? Already had a kid walk right across the street in front of my car when I had a green light ... he's lucky I didn't \accidentally\ " hit him . I hate State < PROPFEMALE>'s day ... " 
5 days til home . 5 days of class , 3 quizzes , 3 homeworks , 2 exam , 2 work shifts , 1 intro/prelim results for research paper . 7 days til New Orleans , 8 days til Florida ! 
rain ... just what I love trekking around campus in all day ... * 1 week til Florida ... 1 week til Florida * 
OHIO TOMORROW ! ... aaargh , this research paper intro is killing me ... :o ( 
is in Ohio . Leaving today for N.O , LA then Florida on Monday . Please don't rain :o / Birthday Tuesday , wooo for the big 2-3 . Be back in Ohio Friday sometime , or eeeearly saturday . 
is in Florida . It's chilly down here , but it beats the snow . Already a little sunburned :o ) Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! I was gonna thank you all individually but the internet here is touchy ... so I'll have to do that later . Again thanks for the bday wishes :o ) 
Tornado watch til noon ... lovely . And the storm isn't here yet ... hope it doesn't get bad ... 
Correction ... tornado watch til 4pm . Lovely . 
oh , well Tornado warning now ... lol and quarter sized hail with 70mph straight line winds . Awesome . Well , I guess we are gonna wait a little while to go out ... nothin like being on the 5th floor lol 
Is in an < PROPFEMALE > pub in florida and its the best food by far . McGuire's < PROPFEMALE > pub , you get 2 thumbs up 
Is in alabama en route to flooded ohio 
is in Kentucky . Switched seats with mom , she's behind the wheel . Drove from Destin , Fla to about an hour south of Lexington . Only about 4 hours left ... 
Gallipolis never looked so good . In bed finally ... a day layover , then back on the road again sunday . 
is in State College . Stupid time change , I hate you Daylight Savings Time ... oh and flooded Ohio River , I hate you too ! I had to go to < PROPMALE > on 35 , then to 32 to get to 50 ... and almost missed getting my Rx from the pharmacy here because of this detour . Tomorrow the grind starts back ... 
felt good to go to Country night , I just wish it wasn't so crowded ... :o ) 
If you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you . ( 3 ) I want to date you . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I'd kiss you . ( 7 ) Beautiful . ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) I'd F *** You ( 11 ) Hot . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Fit . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus .... ( 18 ) I love you . ( 19 ) Weirdo ( 20 ) Friends forever . 
got another raise ... yay :o ) 
trying out a new show ... Being Human on Syfy . 
loves the remake version of coal miner's daughter . 
finishes her homework ... then leaves the house with it sitting on the coffee table ... lol Woo win for me ... not . 
homework ... rawr . 
... I DON'T WANT TO CORRECT THIS RESEARCH INTRO !! :o ( I just want to snuggle up on the couch ... my tummy still hurts . :o ( 
will be glad to never see a twitter tweet about H1N1 again ... after I get these 20k done ... blah ... 
Studying Math and Hort ... exams Tuesday ... so many deadlines ... the semester end is fast approaching :o ( 
hates going into exams where you know you should have studied more ... but didn't ... and kind of feel like you know the material until you get the exam back ... I am hoping that this \feeling\ " of knowledge is more of an actuality ... Horticulture exam followed by Calc exam ... followed by studying for Astro ... rawr . " 
I karate chopped my dog at the dinner table because that's how I roll . 
... streeeeeessssssseeeeedddddd . :o / 
Day 2 of P90x Complete . Day 1 had me unable to move my arms ... thus inhibiting things you completely take for granted ... i . e getting dressed ... tomorrow I am going to have to rent a wheelchair ... already feeling it in my hamstrings ... 
I don't think I've ever seen Conan laugh this hard ... lol Go < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Conan O'Brien Presents : Team Coco 
Umm , so I think I can do with a little fewer May flowers this year ... * ahem * enough with the April showers already ... I just want some nice weather :o / 
met some very friendly Geocachers this morning when walking < PROPMALE > . We even tagged along for one . Anyone interested in maybe starting it up with me ? They're like mini-scavenger hunts , which is awesome :o ) Working on this starch mobilization research paper . Yay for independent research projects ... not . lol Who knew such interesting pictures could be so boring ? 
Almost done with this paper , yeah ! Just have to label my figures and do the discussion ! :o ) And then I get to write another one tomorrow ... wohoo ... 
... how in the world did I get coffee ? in my hair ? 
after all these years , the theme song for x-files still kind of creeps me out ... 
is tired of writing about Betula papyrifera and Ginkgo biloba ... 
... ugh twitter tweets ... I hate you ... only 11,975 more to go ... :o / 
Turn it up a little bit louder , \ 
Turn it up I love this song . \ 
Come on * boy * , the world is ours , \ 
Lets do somethin ' right or wrong . \ 
Life is short , lets go live it . \ 
Ain't no time for wasting time . \ 
Days like these , they go by way too fast . \ 
Yeah , days like these , you wanna make ' em last . 
ugh procrastination ... no wonder I'm so stressed all the time . I still havn't figured out why I do this to myself ... 
rawr rawr rawr twitter tweets ... 
I know you see me\ 
Like some wide eyed dreamer\ 
That just rolled in off a < PROPFIRST > mid west bus\ 
Yeah , on the outside I look fragile\ 
But on the inside is something you can’t crush\ 
I have weathered\ 
Colder winters ; Longer summers\ 
Without a drop of rain\ 
Push me in a corner\ 
And I’ll come out fighting\ 
I may lose but I ‘ll always keep my faith\ 
Cause I’m country strong 
Carrying the weight on the end of a limb\ 
You’re just waiting for somebody to pick you up again\ 
Shaded by a tree , can’t live up to a rose\ 
All you ever wanted was a < PROPFEMALE > place to grow\ 
Pretty little thing , sometimes you gotta look up\ 
And let the world see all the beauty that you’re made of\ 
‘Cause the way you < PROPFEMALE > your head nobody can tell 
is never going to get EVERYTHING done ... 
should have given blood today instead of two weeks ago ... they have free tshirts ... 
really really doesn't want to give back this Nikon D90 tomorrow ... can't I just have it as a parting gift for all the tuition I've paid ??? 
tomorrow is the last day of college classes for me ... if I pass all my classes ... lol 
... ugh . Finishing up these papers ... last homework assignments . Twitter tweets almost done , Final project in HPA due Monday , as well as 5 finals next week ... along with 4 days of work ... 
HECK YEAH 20000 tweets done !! 
I think I can ... I think I can ... if the anxiety/nerves don't kill me first ... 
Off to take exam 1 of 5 , Plant Developmental Anatomy ... then back here to do my final project for HPA and study for my Plant Breeding exam tomorrow ... 
Exam 2 at 230-420 , then work from 448-close . Heading to the Creamery to study ... tomorrow work from 648am-11 , exam from 650-840 , then Thursday exam at 230-420 , and 645-745 . Then exams will be done ! Work Friday from 2-close . 
last night's exam did not go well at all ... I will be praying for the grade ... on a positive note , I passed my hort class and my plant anatomy class , and on another negative , I have the calc exam at 230 , will be praying for that one too ... then astro after that . Tomorrow work from 2-close , and I will be done ... at least for now . Ugh I hope I passed that exam last night ... :o / 
CHANGE YOUR PROFILE PICTURE TO A PICTURE OF YOUR MOTHER IN HONOR OF MOTHERS DAY THIS SUNDAY !!! WE ? OUR MOMMIES !!!! <3 You momma ! Oline Haner 
rawr ... entirely multiple choice calc exam = no partial credit = bad .. yet another horrible exam . 2 in less than 24 hours ... 1 exam left and I am already over today because of that math exam ... 
will be graduating on May 14 , 2011 . It is about dang time :o ) 
errr is how you make me feel ... Family coming up tomorrow ... gotta find a dress for graduation ... saturday is graduation ... :o / errrrr .... 
is going out with my boots on . ... woo for dress shopping today ... at least it is with Oline Haner , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Cates . Altttooooonaaaa . 
got edumakated and got that expensive piece of paper ... thank goodness ! 
doesn't think that you can mathematically calculate The Rapture ... has anyone else read about < PROPFIRST > Camping and his prediction ? Not to mention he predicted it in 1994 , but wouldn't you know , he made a mathematical error . In my opinion , God can not be calculated ... 
is leaving state college in a few for the Ohio Valley ( Gallipolis , Ohio ) . Be back in the HV soon , hopefully it won't still be raining when I get back here . 
... getting frustrated looking for jobs ... 
well ... I can check getting hit in the face with a socket wrench off my bucket list . lol . 
Alright Gallia County ... enough with the crime , drugs , and robbing of people who are decent and earn their living . Way to go with robbing a doctor who does nothing but helps people ... keepin it real classy Gallipolis , real classy ... 
gonna go play in the river a little , softball game again tonight . It's another hot one in Southern Ohio ... hello summer . 
well ... I can feel the heat coming off my back and this sunburn has me chillin already ... and the sun hasn't gone down ... I think that means I did it good this time ... * note to self * Just because you want to tan , doesn't mean you do ... wear sunscreen ... 
ok so slight adjustment to my plans ... I was going to head back to State tomorrow ... but my uncle just offered me a free trip to < PROPFEMALE > Beach this Mon-Thurs ... and I'm thinking that its a pretty sweet deal ... So < PROPFEMALE > , I don't think you'll be seeing me til after my family reunion on the 12th of June . I'm a Pisces = I love water , c'mon , I can't pass up a beach trip . And I get to go to the old car show Sat . with my Papaw 
mmmm sweet tea :o ) 
baking on the beach @ < PROPFEMALE > . maybe I will actually end up with a real tan this year 
tomorrow we head back to good ole ohio . got some sun , had some fun , now back to the woods/hills of the ohio valley . lookin for shells tomorrow mornin then hitting the road about 8am . 
family reunion tomorrow ... you know what that means ... lots of food which equals eating waay too much = food baby ! lol 
is making a mixed < PROPFIRST > cobbler with blueberries , red raspberries , and blackberries from last summer and some fresh black raspberries that are coming in ! 
dabgone dumplings didn't expand like they were supposed to ... stupid things soaked up most of the juice though ... whipped up some bisquick with sugar and topped it ... it will definitely need icecream , good thing Grandma < PROPFEMALE > made some last night ... but hey , that dumpling recipe would be good to make chicken noodles ... 
is heading back to State tomorrow . 
happy father's day daddy ! 
job hunting ... blah ... and apparently the armed forces is full to the brim and there is a waiting list for OCS ... lovely ... 
there's a girl from athens ohio on this chopped episode . that's nifty . 
you be my louisiana I'll be your mississippi ... 
## :::::: > making blueberry bread pudding . :o ) 
... wonderful start to my day already ... such is life . Going up behind Mt . Nittany this morning , kiddies this afternoon , maybe fireworks tonight ? 
Oy , been a busy day . Debating fireworks tonight , not sure if I'm in the mood ... 
Very surprised by the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > verdict ... someone is responsible for that poor child's murder/death . And for her to not even be charged with child abuse ... since when is leaving a child unattended to go party not considered neglect ? 
Had a good time last night :o ) 
First day of work today , and I already got 30 mins overtime . Haha , genius ! Floated around to almost all the stations ... think I got the < PROPFEMALE > of it . I think ... :o ) 
whew I'm all sweaty from that mile jog ... man I'm outta shape because that was the slowest jog ever ... I need to get back into my p90x . 
A little bored right now ... tryin to find somethin to do . Back to work tomorrow , it will be my first full week . Woo . 
darn you < PROPMALE > Haner ... I have a feeling getting into WoW again may be a bad idea ... lol 
Blah . Worked over again ... hey at least it is paying I guess . Tiiired . Going to bed at ... 10pm ? What ? Oh boy , I guess this is what it feels like . Work tomorrow . Can't wait til Friday when its my Friday ... :o ) 
ohio after a long day ... almost 9 hours at work , 5 and a half hours to ohio in a car , 2 debit card declines and then finally a go so I could fill my tank , a tank and a half later and 11 deer sighted , 1 avoided ... and bed . softball tournament tomorrow . 
wiped out at work ... tennis shoes and wet floors do not mix ... that's gonna leave a bruise 
TODAY IS MY HUMP DAY !! :o ) Gonna be another hot Redifer day ... lovely ... 
interesting night . I got two words ... Meat & Potatoes ... lol . 
sweated my butt off at work today ... working in a kitchen in the summer in 100 degree weather = fail . 
Rain ... please ... everything is turning brown and dying , and the grass is so dry it smells like hay ... 
Oh my left knee is aching and wants to give out when I bend it weight bearing ... not to mention its twice the size of normal ... I wonder if its from compensating for the sore right one I fell on at work ... or if I torqued it when I fell . 
oy , another week at Redifer ... why does the weekend go by so quickly ... ready for another meat and potatoes kind of Wednesday . lol 
Sett Denne Rosen I Din Status\ 
_____/)___/)______ . /¯ \\"\"/') \ 
tomorrow's my Friday ... tomorrow's my Friday ... uggggh . Weekend come already will ya ? 
looks like its gonna be a hot humid day today , the windows are steamed up in the house .... perfect kitchen working weather ... but its my FRIDAY ! 
Happy ... err \25th\ " birthday to my mom Oline Haner :o ) We all know you look/act that age ! :o ) Love you Momma . " 
oy ... this bicycle may be beyond my expertise level ... wouldn't you know , its easier to take it apart than it is to put it back together ... and my computer is acting up ... lovely . 
When I hear the right words at the wrong time\ 
When I read the poem but it dont rhyme \ 
When I get the answer that I dont like\ 
When I count the hours but I lose track \ 
When I love the colors but they dont match\ 
When I send you letters but dont hear back \ 
When I quit pretendin that I dont try \ 
When I know the truth but still believe the lie \ 
When I gave my nerve up but Im still too shy \ 
Let it go by 
lol this LMN movie is so cheesy , but I like the music in it . 
oh no ... here goes a month of WoW ... yup , that free to level 20 just hooks you right in ... 
37 levels in 5 hours ... bahaha . Thanks to < PROPMALE > Haner ... tomorrow starts another work week ... Wednesday come faster ! ;o ) 
HUMP DAY !! :o ) 
ugh ... right eye pain and upper jaw aches ... not to mention a sore throat and congested ear ... what the heck sinuses , its summer . 
oy ... up at 5am to work some OT ... to take a nap or not to ? That is the question ... back in tomorrow at 1030 . 
work tomorrow 12-8 . 8th day in a row tomorrow of working and 3 more to go after that . 
oof . Tired . 
feels so sick . Blah . 
Had a nice walk with < PROPFEMALE > Friedl and Gussy in good ole Bellefonte . What a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
takin ' the dog for a walk , then cleanin a little ... so weird to not be at work today :o / 
well , not even 5 minutes into our walk in the gamelands and we get thunder/rained out ... lovely . I'm going to have a pester-y dog all day . 
hmm I think I might make pinot grigio chicken , garlic mashed potatoes and roasted asparagus for dinner ... maybe . I'm really craving french fries ... lol 
residents of state college and the surrounding areas that use Wal-Mart ... avoid it today and the rest of the weekend if you can ... it is a ZOO in there ... stupid move-in weekend . 
<3 the smell of fresh < PROPMALE > :o ) 
Note to self * When cooking wine on the stove on med/high heat , watch it carefully ... it is extremely volatile and cooks off REALLY fast ... so much for a sauce with the chicken . bah . 
Hehe fishfingers and custard ... didn't you know bowties are cool ? :o ) 
another thunderstormy day in central PA ... Happy Valley , why are you so angry ? 
mowing the grass . What a beautiful day today , warm in the sun with a nice cool breeze . < PROPMALE > and I just had a nice walk up through the cornfields along blue course , now its mowtime while he gets to play with his toys , silly dog . 
... allergic to blue spruce ? Possibly ... brushed up against it while mowing and now I have red bumps all over that part of my leg . Body , I've had enough with your skin allergies/hives for no reason ... 
hahahaha < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is in Zombieland ... that's great . 
another lovely walk in Bellefonte with < PROPFEMALE > Friedl . I think the dog hates us for making him walk up all those hills ... feels good to get out and exercise in this nice cool weather . Doin ' it again tomorrow . Watch out < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I'm in yo ' town walkin ' yo ' streets :o ) 
... I have the weirdest cravings sometimes ... Flamin ' hot cheetos , oy they're gonna be hating me later , but I'm lovin them now ... except the orange fingers , and killing of my tastebuds ... :o ) 
wow , it has been so nice the last few days . This is excellent hiking weather ... hint hint nudge nudge ... :o ) 
Oh No ! There's a hole in my sock ?!?! 
Holy Thunderstorm this morning . I think it scared the bejeebus out of me ... it almost felt like one of em got the house it felt so close . Nothing like waking up dead from sleep to something that sounds like the world is coming down ... 
painting for the first time in almost 5 years ... lets see how fast I get frustrated ... 
done for now ... and I'm nowhere near happy with what is on it so far ... grr , now I know why I probably stopped doing it for so long . I don't have the < PROPFEMALE > , and I'm too much of a perfectionist ... 
oy I've been making terrible food choices lately ... tonight ---> Sheetz MTO . 
mah tummy is not happy today . Cleaning and bumming ... ick for the humidity today . 
cleaning , getting things together , picking up a few things/errands , and then Doctor Who later :o ) 
I think the edge of < PROPFEMALE > is making her way towards Happy Valley . Its getting dark and cloudy towards the SE . Just what we need ... more rain ... 
I'm a sassy talkin ' , boot wearin ' , chocolate eatin ' , sweet tea drinkin ' kind of girl ; Give me somethin ' I can get my hands dirty with and I'm a happy person . 
... really PHEAA/AES ... I have to fax/mail you a letter stating that I am changing states , really ... You are a pain in my neck enough as it is , now this ? Not to mention I can't even find on my account where I owe this stupid < PROPMALE > money , or how much I've already paid on it . The only way I am keeping track is through the stupid paper bills they send me every month , which I am going to have to have forwarded since I don't have a fax machine to \officially\ " inform them of my address change ... " 
oh reality tv ... you're just like junk food , soooo bad but oh so addicting . oh I think I just lost some brain cells ... 
almost done packing :o / I don't think my car can hold anything else ... good thing memories don't take up any physical space because I'm taking a lot of them with me . Thanks to everyone who has been there/made my times in Happy Valley some of the best I will ever have . And WARNING : You have not seen the last of me , I will return , I promise you that , so be prepared . 
has been eaten alive by mosquitoes ... oy they're awful here with all this humidity ... dislike . 
---> apparently I can't take claritin d , well unless I want to feel light headed and have heart palpitations for hours ... gotta find something to beat these allergies . Allergies-1 , Me-0 . 
Oooo Oooo Oooo Let's Go State ! Beat Indiana State ! 
my head feels like I'm at Happy Valley elevation today ... trying a different medicine ... Allergies-2 , Me-0 . 
chlortabs kind of helped , but then again it could also be the massive amount of rain that doused the pollen count ... trying zyrtec today , but feelin a little better . 1 job application done , a billion more ahead ... 
possibly heading to Morehead later to see < PROPMALE > Haner ... need to get all the crap outta my car so that I'm not carrying an extra ton that will eat up my gas ... 
mmm collard greens , red beans and rice and pork chops . now I need some sweets 
<---- CABIN FEVER !! Rawr I need a job ... 
oy my knees are sore ! Dad , Mom , and I have been putting flooring down all day . 
OOWWWW . Bent my fingernail back . :o ( oy its throbbing ... and bleeding . Woo for still working on this silly floor ... :oS 
first job application rejection letter received , 2 more jobs applied for ... the search continues ... 
I now understand why some people stay in college forever <------ loan repayments . * beats head on desk * 
... and the thunder rolls . 
--> hopefully it doesn't rain in the morning . I am looking forward to getting up and doing something , even though it is just weedeating . 
hoooooly thunderstorm ... 
... and its now hailing ... 
well darn , it looks like rain is the morning forecast . Bollocks . 
IASIP !! 
---> Going hiking at old man's cave today with Mom , gonna try out my new hydration pack . Then a little lab courses curriculum refresher for my phone interview tomorrow . 
nervous for my phone interview today ... wish me luck ! 
Interview done , now I just have to wait and hope my nervousness didn't get the best of me , and see if they liked what I had to say . 
found a monarch butterfly chrysalis this afternoon , along with 2 larvae , or caterpillars ... gonna go see if they have turned into chyrsalides yet . 
Brr it's cold today . 60 whoppin degrees , and a damp 60 at that . Shorts , a tee , and flip flops yesterday to jeans , boots and a long sleeve today . Make up your mind mother nature ! 
Finally going to the dr today ... so tired of these headaches and sinus pressure ... 4 months is long enough with it and ineffective OTC drugs , I need an antibiotic ! 
ugh for a sinus infection . Yay for cheap antibiotics . 
Day 4 of antibiotics/allergy medicine combo and I'm still congested = fail . Hopefully the next 6 days I have left of these obnoxiously blue pills prove to be more effective . 
< PROPFIRST>'s mushroom trip on this family guy episode made me feel like I was in the brain of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Dali's lovechild . 
It's so nice today , I think I'll < PROPFEMALE > my clothes out on the line . That fresh air/sunshine smell is so nice :o ) 
ugh , Pay it forward makes me cry every time . 
one of my poor doggies had a seizure today . We thought he was choking and was inoxic . My dad gave him the heimlich because we thought he was choking . Rushed him to the vet , now he's drugged up on valium . Hopefully it was a one time occurrence . 
< PROPMALE > Doyne likes cake . 
grrr on several different notes , life sucks sometimes . 
... and the job hunt continues ... I just want to work ! 
is really leaning towards going to Pennsylvania next week 
Is going to < PROPFEMALE > this week ! State College and Lawton , ( well hopefully State , and for sure Lawton ) here I come ! 
seriously contemplating becoming a redhead . 
is in < PROPFEMALE > !! 
will be in State College until Friday morning , then off to Lawton I go . 
ok people , I'm heading to a dead zone for cell service today , so if you need to get ahold of me , it will have to wait . I swear I'm not ignoring you ! if you need to call , just leave me a message , and feel free to text . Woo rural < PROPFEMALE > , I've missed you ! 
... and the anxiety sets back in ... I knew it would come sooner than later . 
