wishes she had more hours in the day . 

is off to \coach\ " a midnight soccer game . " 
is trying to muster up enough energy to workout . Early , early bedtime planned for tonight . 
is going to miss < PROPFIRST > while she's out of town this week . The office will simply not be the same without her ... Take that however you'd like , < PROPFIRST > . 
is totally being stretched . Writing a training program and exam on records retention policy is ridiculously challenging . 
has been assigned a photography project at work . how great is that ? yay for a temporary vacation from Cubicleville ... 
has seen God be incredibly faithful this week :) as always . 
is trying to figure out where to set up a makeshift portrait studio in a business office ... Beige cubicles are not the ideal backdrop . 
gets the keys to her new apartment tomorrow afternoon ! 
was just assigned a book to read for work . The Associated Press Stylebook and Briefing on Media Law . 406 pages . On formatting and grammar . 
BAPTISM CELEBRATE 09 . Whatever plans you have for tonight ... break them . Come and witness what God is doing in HUNDREDS of lives . 
is totally sleep deprived . And , consequently , can't concentrate this morning . 
is jamming to old school Christian music with the coworkers . I'm talking early 90s . What better way to start off the week ? 
thinks its officially humid when you walk outside and your glasses fog up . 
realized tonight that she does not own a microwave . 
thinks this may have been the best day in the office thus far . 
loves talking about Jesus at work . And loves having coworkers that will stand out in the heat to figure out what's wrong with her car . Friends are good :) 
has decided that Friday night Windsor kickball is her new favorite thing . 
had a really enjoyable Sunday afternoon :) 
is in a kickoff meeting . Her goal is to find out what we are kicking off ... 
learned today that if a soda can is left in a car ( in St. < PROPFIRST > heat ) , it WILL explode . 
is a formatting machine . 
thoroughly enjoys having co-workers ( or , more specifically A co-worker ) that laughs at her jokes . 
just got sprayed with all-purpose cleaner . This is what happens when you work next door to your brother . 
humbly admits that < PROPFIRST > got her GOOD and is a master prankster . 
is looking forward to an eventful and utterly exhausting week . 
is contemplating the five people ( outside my immediate family ) that have most impacted my life . Tough question ... 
is so ready for some alone time . 
thinks that looking out over Lake Michigan on a beautiful July morning makes work so much more fun . 
is wandering around the < PROPFEMALE > City and enjoying some time away :) 
is reading and thinking and getting really excited about the coming year :) 
is overwhelmed by the phenomenal people she gets to do life with every day , every week . So good . 
thinks < PROPMALE > Westermayer would make a great asset to the Blue Man Group . 
is thinking and praying and hoping for a good night sleep . 
is enjoying this beautiful August night by sitting on her patio and journaling :) 
is frustrated . Do you want to know why ? Because there are too many good books to read and too little time in which to read them . 
plans on stealing her brother's doorless Jeep Wrangler and replacing it with her car ... think he'll notice ? 
is making a bucket list . 
is stuck at the car dealership for the two and a half hours , anxiously awaiting new tires . 
is soooo glad that her best friends ( brothers ) were born , 20 and 17 years ago :) Happy Birthday , boys . 
is Chi-town bound on Wednesday . Summer finale with the family and a stack of books . That's MY Blue < PROPFEMALE > ice cream ( if you have no idea what I'm talking about , listen to the Windsor podcast of < PROPFIRST > Dubroc from this weekend ... ) 
is pretty sure her brothers regret getting her a remote control speed boat for the pool ... :) 
spent her Friday night watching funny music videos with her brothers . Perfection :) 
is STOKED to watch her brother play soccer today :) Whitfield . 3:30 p . You should come . 
has one final summer breakfast date with her brother tomorrow . I'll miss our Original Pancake House mornings ... 
found hundreds of old photos on her dad's computer . These may call for a Facebook album ... 
learned something tonight . Dish soap and dishwashing liquid are NOT the same thing . 
thinks you should change you Saturday night plans and come to the Crossing . Backyard Bash 09 . Don't miss it . 
thinks that if you were not at the Back-Inside Bash ( formerly Backyard Bash ) , you totally missed out and you should plan Labor Day weekend 2010 accordingly ... 
had a fantastic evening . 
is not happy about this whole insomnia deal . Have you ever been totally worn out and completely unable to sleep ? 
is stoked for leadership U tonight :) 
is enjoying lunch at Kaldi's with a good < PROPMALE > :) 
got to < PROPFEMALE > out with three fantastic kids tonight :) 
has a fantastic life made up of fantastic people and a fantastic place to spend the bulk of her time . 
is attempting to muster up some creativity . My optimism is quickly fading . 
loves falling asleep to the rain . i am NOT setting an alarm clock tonight :) 
is listening to her brother play the piano and is continually amazed at his unbelievable voice . 
thinks that chiropractors shouldn't be allowed to be closed on Thursdays . Tomorrow is going to be a crazy long day . Stupid back . 
has a \slightly sprained\ " back . I didn't actually know that was possible . " 
is listening to the new < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > CD . Could the day start off any better ? I submit to you that it could NOT . 
is preparing her graphics for the Christmas series at the KidzCrossing . And its DEFINITELY making me wish Christmas was just a little closer ... 
learned that if you sneeze in the lobby at the Crossing when its empty it will < PROPFEMALE > . Loudly . 
is spending the first part of the morning with a cup of coffee and a book and ( once he wakes up ) going to breakfast with her brother ( he's going to be a famous musician one day , you know ) . 
is ecstatic that Whitfield is GOING TO STATE ! And hacked off because she can't be there . 
wants to know what you're thankful for today ? 
is STOKED about teaching on Advent Conspiracy in two weeks . 
is so missing her Colorado friends today . 
thinks this might have been one of the most fun weekends at the Crossing yet . 
< PROPFIRST > COMES HOME TODAY !!!!! WOOOOOHOOOOO ! 
is watching Adventures in Odyssey on television ! What a wonderful way to start off my Saturday morning ! 
thinks you should come to the Crossing for one of our 13 Christmas services . Chesterfield : Today at 5p and 7p Tomorow at 3p , 5p , and 7p Thursday at 1p , 3p , 5p and 7p Fenton : Thursday at 1p , 3p , 5p and 7p . You NEED to be there . 
is crazy sore from her yesterday's 4-wheeling stunt . Off to buy a helmet and a neck brace ... ( I might be exaggerating a little ... ) 
is listening to her brother write a beautiful song . 
is STOKED to go four-wheeling in the snow . 
is listening to country music , drinking coffee , and enjoying some sweet friends . Great way to end a great year . 
apparently forgot to rinse out my water bottle after washing it . My water tastes a little like soap ... 
is always a little sad when < PROPFIRST > has to go back to school :( 
is anxiously awaiting Friday morning . 
is watching football and doing some writing . 
thinks this is going to be a VERY good day . 
is grateful for sweet friends and Sunday afternoons . What are YOU grateful for ? 
is having a rough morning . 
is so glad this day is over . 
is stoked to hear Live Coverage play tonight ! Get ' em , boys ! 
is STOKED about my summer . Particularly my June . 
thinks that if you have plans for Saturday night you should cancel them and come watch my brother's band play at the Black Cat Theatre . All proceeds go to Coat-A-Kid . And they're crazy good . Trust me . 
is mentally preparing for a night full of flashbacks . Hello , Eureka High School . It's been a while . 
thinks your plans for tomorrow night should include the Live Coverage concert at the Black Cat Theatre in Maplewood . 8p . All proceeds go to Coat-a-Kid . Seriously . You should come . 
had a totally unproductive night of songwriting with her brother . We made negative progress . What ? 
has one agenda for the coming week : REST . 
and the award for the best SuperBowl commercial goes to : DORITOS . 
is avoiding the roads and locking herself in her apartment with a cup of hot tea and a book . Day Two of OPERATION REST : Success . 
loves how quiet the Crossing is on Sunday afternoons :) 
loves < PROPFIRST > birthday celebrations . What a bizarre ( and by bizarre I mean hilarious ) family I have . 
is drinking mangosteen tea and rewriting some lessons ... 
is reading some theology and drinking hot tea . I like Fridays . 
thinks its going to be a good day . Kaldi's had Madagascar Vanilla coffee . 
has been unbelievably blessed . 
is stretched a little thin this week . But < PROPFIRST > comes home Friday so I am GOOD . 
loves productive Monday mornings . 
loves looking out the lobby windows and seeing sunshine :) 
is thankful for sweet friends and springtime and sleep . 
thinks podcasting might be one of the greatest inventions EVER . Yes , ever . 
is going to see < PROPMALE > Wertz and Five for Fighting at the Pageant on Thursday . You should come . 
is reading and writing and drinking tea . I'm basically unpredictable . 
is trying to condense all of the reading and study she's done into a 30 minute talk . One word : NERD . 
Question of the Day : Who has had the greatest impact on your life , other than you parents ? 
has officially joined the LifeTime Fitness craze . We should work out together , sometime . 
Legalism is the result of confusing sanctification and justification . 
is borrowing her brother's Wrangler today . Top is off and I'm a happy girl :) 
missed the Crossing March Madness bracket deadline by about 15 minutes . Bummer . 
\The evil in our desires is not what we want but that we want it too much . \"" 
loves being at the Crossing when its quiet . I really need this afternoon to be productive . 
is rehearsing and rewriting and getting really excited for Tuesday night . 
thinks you should come to QuarterLife tomorrow . It should be a good time ... 
gets to work at the greatest place with the greatest people . Unbelievably blessed today . 
gets to know and love some of the most incredible kids on the planet . Blown away by them today . 
is listening to Switchfoot with the windows down and heading to LifeTime with a book to enjoy a long workout . 
thinks your Easter plans should include the Crossing . Its going to be an incredible weekend . Services Friday at 5:00 p and 7:00 p , Saturday at 2:30 p , 4:30 p and 6:30 p , and Sunday at 8:00 a , 9:45 a , and 11:30 a . BE THERE . 
thinks that you should go to the Good Friday Experience ( GFEX ) at the Crossing tomorrow . 7a-1p . You don't want to miss this . Trust me . 
is serious . If you have NOT made it to a service at the Crossing , make sure you get to one ! Both Chesterfield and Fenton have services tomorrow at 8:00 a , 9:45 a , and 11:30 a . You DO NOT want to miss this weekend . JESUS IS ALIVE and THAT is reason to celebrate ! 
Christ is risen from the dead , we are one with Him again , come awake , come awake , come and rise up from the grave ! 
should not have worn a white jacket for a lesson involving black food coloring . No stains yet , but the night is early ... 
wishes she was in Chicago watching fireworks with her Daddy . I wonder when the last flight leaves St. < PROPFIRST > tonight ... 
Friday is National High Five Day . Get excited . 
wishes she was in Nebraska to celebrate the birth of one of her favorite people in the world . Happy Birthday , CJ ! 
Dear Allergies , I would like my lungs and throat back , please . I am tired of sounding like a sick cow when I try to rock out in my car . Thank you . < PROPFIRST > 
gets to be friends with some pretty incredible people . 
Workout with < PROPFEMALE > . Breakfast with my parents . Work at a place I love . Evening with the DuBrocs . All in all , pretty great birthday . 
had a FANTASTIC birthday . Thanks , everyone :) 
has A LOT of reading to do in the next six weeks . 
Steel guitar + Beach balls + Full men in grass skirts = A < PROPFIRST > Buffett concert . 
thinks life is GOOD . 
is trying to find time to go hiking this week . Only four more weeks to get my boots broken in ! 
is pretty sure that if you need a box of tissues to get through your stir-fry , it is officially spicy . And perfect . Minus my burned-off taste buds . 
can't believe she gets to serve the Lord alongside such unbelievable people . Humbled , tonight . 
can't get her brain to shut off . Again . 
is listening to her brother imitate < PROPFIRST > Cash . On a Beatles song . Huh . 
wishes Nickel Creek still put out albums . \This Side\ " will forever be one of my favorite songs . " 
is writing a song and enjoying a few minutes alone with her guitar and mug of hot tea . 
wishes life came with background music that would change depending on the situation , mood , etc . I wonder what would be on my soundtrack ... 
' s brothers left flowers on her doorstep this morning . Feeling so loved today :) 
learned tonight that if you pile enough jalapenos and arbol chile peppers on your stir-fry , people a table over will ask if they can take a picture of your dinner . And then they'll politely tell you you're crazy . 
15 days until the trip of a lifetime . C'mon , June 4 ... 
had flowers on my doorstep when I got home . I have the best big brother EVER . 
The awe of salvation is not that Jesus died for me , but that Jesus died for us- and I get to be a part of \us . \"" 
thinks the best part of moving is getting rid of things . Packin ' up my life to move a quarter mile down the street . Good thing I'm getting a fantastic roommate out of the deal . 
is doing a little songwriting . Bless God for pianos . 
is probably one of four people in the world that really enjoys Mondays . 
really likes the whole concept of breakfast meetings . What a way to start my Tuesday . 
learned a very valuable lesson today : Choose wisely whom you sit with at lunch . 
learned ANOTHER valuable lesson today : Choosing wisely whom you sit with at lunch is OVERRATED . 
thinks that July has a tough act to follow . June , you were a good month . Thank you for that . 
has a stack of books calling her name . A growing stack . Adulthood responsibility is getting in the way of my fun . Lame . 
thinks that Wal-Mart should join the 21st century and jump on the self-checkout bandwagon . 
gives up on the desk hunt . I will just sit on the floor . 
is Chi-town bound in three days . YES . 
was skeptical , but July is turning out to be a pretty decent month . 
might have a slight addiction to Photoshop . 
thinks this day is going to require a significant amount of coffee , as is the rest of my week . On the bright side , I started my morning with ' NSync and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Thank you , Lifetime Fitness . 
wants to be so much more . 
sometimes can't believe this life she gets to live . 
Matt : < PROPFIRST > , you're hilarious . \ 
< PROPFIRST > : I didn't say anything . \ 
Matt : That's when you're funniest . \ 
\ 
Awesome . 
is just days away from a sweet reunion , three years in the making . It is going to be a very good week :) 
is COMO bound in 5 hours . It is going to be a VERY good day :) 
really needs to be a student again . 
thinks way to much . 
' s heart hurts a little tonight . I think I miss < PROPMALE > . 
is taking advantage of < PROPFIRST > being out of town and driving his Wrangler for a few days . Top down , door off , music up . Life is good . 
is celebrating the 18th birthday of her best friend . ( Happy Birthday , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) . 
is feeling loved and encouraged and unbelievably excited to see what God is going to do . Bless God for wise friends . 
has her ticket bought and is looking forward to a short trip to the < PROPFEMALE > City . 
is wrapping up the album design for State 24 and listening to < PROPFIRST > sing . Life is good tonight . 
< PROPMALE > : C'mon < PROPFIRST > , we're going to IHOP . \ 
Me : < PROPMALE > , it's 9:30 p . \ 
< PROPMALE > : That's when all the best people show up . \ 
So apparently , I'm going to IHOP . 
is editing lessons , wading through copyright forms , and very much wishing she was in Chicago NOW . 
loves this city . 
has so much to look forward to in the coming months . God is good . 
Settlers of Catan . This should be an interesting night . 
has seen God provide again and again . I see it most clearly in the people He has put in my life , at a desk a few feet away or in a city hundreds of < PROPMALE > away . Bless God for friends . 
loves getting her hair cut . 
State 24 . Epic . Tunes should be up on MySpace soon . Get excited . 
has a love-hate relationship with technology . 
Question of the Day : What makes you smile ? 
is exhausted . Six hours of choreography for new worship songs . This day makes the list of \Top 5 Best Internship Days . \"" 
hadn't had a first day of school in a while ... Gearing up for the first step of a four year journey . 
had a FANTASTIC week . Life is so good these days . 
is studying Greek . I think I'm going to love this . 
can't believe it's been a year . I am so going to miss this . 
may end up using her dictionary about as much as her Bible in seminary ... 
LOVES fall in St. < PROPFIRST > . Perfect morning . 
is gearin ' up for an all-out study day . 
had a wonderful evening with her favorite kids and then came home to a bouquet of flowers from her sweet brother . Bless God for amazing people that I get to do life with . 
\Hold to Christ and for the rest be totally uncommitted . \ " < PROPMALE > Butterfield " 
is mentally exhausted . And thus begins my Friday night study session ... 
has a fantastic week ahead . Now if I can just get through my Greek quiz tomorrow . Dumb accents . Why can't the Greeks just use English grammar ? 
\The people and situations around us do not make us say what we say ; they are only the occasion for our hearts to reveal themselves in words . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Tripp . \ 
is listening to Barcelona , reviewing Greek vocabularly and drinking coffee ( because this day is for sure going to require caffeine ) . 
thinks it's beautiful day for a long run with a good friend . I love St. < PROPFIRST > in the fall . 
\I have never met the man I could despair of after discerning what lies in me apart from the grace of God . \ " Oswald Chambers . " 
loves any afternoon that includes Indian food , Settlers of Catan and a good friend . 
Tis grace hath brought me safe thus far , and grace will lead me home . 
\Let our faith be not alone\ 
is sitting at the airport , waiting for her brother's plane to land ... And very much wishing she was flying somewhere for the weekend . 
falls way short of God's < PROPFEMALE > , way too often . 
is homesick for Colorado today . 
\The big question in life is not ' Who am I ? ' bur rather ' Whose am I ? ' \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Blastoff !!! 
had a phenomenal night . I LOVE what I get to be a part of . God is so so good . 
is gearing up for a four-week marathon through seminary work . Goodbye , social life and sleep . I will miss you both . 
loves that my five-year-old cousin still can't remember my name . So he calls me \the sister . \"" 
will be getting somewhere in the neighborhood of four hours of sleep tonight . Ahhh studenthood ... 
\Let us learn to think of tears as liquid prayers . \ " < PROPFIRST > Spurgeon " 
just overheard the following comment from one older woman to another : \Well I just love that restaurant . They let you take home what you don't eat ! \"" 
is so thankful for her momma tonight . Can't believe that 10 years ago today she was diagnosed with cancer . Praise God for His grace and restoration ! 
is brewing a large pot of coffee and mentally preparing herself to stay up as long as it takes to finish her paper . 
is thankful for so very much :\ 
1 . my sweet Savior\ 
2 . a family that makes me laugh so hard I cry\ 
3 . friends that love me when I don't deserve it\ 
4 . a church ( and workplace ) that I can't get enough of\ 
5 . my grandma's pot pie \ 
Among other things ... 
Dear Sleep , \ 
I will see you in two weeks . \ 
I'll miss you . \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
is clinging desperately to what little motivation she has left . Thursday seems so very far away ... 
DOXA < PROPFIRST > ! 
LOVES this weather . It officially feels like winter in St. < PROPFIRST > . Which means it can officially be Christmas time . 
is gearing up for Round 2 of Christmas at the Crossing ! Services at 3p , 5p and 7p today and 1p , 3p , 5p and 7p tomorrow . You should come . Trust me . 
Then rang the bells more loud and deep\ 
God is not dead , nor doth He sleep\ 
The wrong shall fail , the right prevail\ 
With peace on earth , good will to men 
thinks the earth feels a lot harder when you get thrown from a snow tube at 40 < PROPMALE > an hour . It'll be a miracle if I make it to 30 ... 
\If I steal your coat 
is reading a commentary on Exodus , watching football and enjoying a fire . Oh and hanging out with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Perfect way to spend a snowy night :) 
had a good day . A really good day . What a life I get to live . 
Sh'ma Yisra'el! Adonai Eloheinu , Adonai echad . Oh how I miss < PROPMALE > today . 
thinks \Sea Breeze\ " by < PROPMALE > Wells might be the song of the day ... " 
sometimes can't believe that she gets to do life with such unbelievable people . Humbled and grateful . God is so very good . 
\Those who are blessed are called to be a blessing beyond themselves . \ " < PROPFIRST > Wright " 
got flowers at work from her sweet brother :) Oh how I miss that boy . 
\God's love is not unconditional- it is contraconditional . He loves us not as we are but as Christ is . \"" 
\God has great things in store for his people ; they ought to have large expectations . \ " < PROPFIRST > Spurgeon " 
\Speak truth and people will hear you when you tell them you love them . Love people and they'll hear you when you must tell them the truth . \"" 
This one is for you , < PROPFEMALE > and Brittany : \Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . \ " You're welcome . " 
Here's another one for you , < PROPFEMALE > and Brittany : \Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit . Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad . \"" 
fully intended on studying tonight , but my piano looked so lonely . 
is totally content . Life is so good . 
is watching HGTV and very much looking forward to having a home . Two months . 
is not going to bed until her church history timeline is complete . Only thirty-seven entries to go . This could be a late night . 
is watching college basketball and writing a paper . Good start to what should be a good spring break . 
\The cost of discipleship is great . But I wonder if cost of non-discipleship is even greater . \ " < PROPFIRST > Platt " 
should be studying but is instead watching the Butler game and listening to < PROPMALE > Miller commentate . I can't help it . Indiana is in my blood . 
NO 6:30 p SERVICE at the Crossing tonight due to snow and slick roads . Be careful out there ! 
is currently ranked #1 in the Crossing Staff NCAA bracket . That's right . 
Tonight , my professor showed a picture of the synagogue in Gamla . I saw where I sat and listened to RVL teach on the synagogue service . And once again , I miss < PROPMALE > so badly . 
has so much to look forward to in the next few months . I love that my life is never boring . 
got \just because\ " flowers from her brother . They are beautiful . I'm really going to miss him next year . " 
is closing on a condo next week , gearing up for Easter services , and getting stoked for Atlanta . April is going to be a good month . 
BUTLER BULLDOGS . C'mon boys . This is your year . 
BUTLER BULLDOGS !!! 
