It was so freaking hot at work today .. my boss decided we didn't really need the a/c on so it was 37.7 C or 100 F by the oven and 32 C or 90F by the register what a freaking moron .......... totally clueless .. doesn't realize that if the air is hot that it makes the compressors work harder to keep the food in the unit cold .. i so am not going to be eating there any more 

Went to a halloween party last night .. Deven I had alot of laughs there .. Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the invite we sooo ejoyed are selves .. 
Instead of trying to change someone into who you want them to be , just pick someone who is the ideal person you want to be with 
Thought of the Night !!! if u think Ur life is bad imagine being an egg , u only get laid once , smashed once and the only bird that sits on Ur face is Ur mom ! 
You can justify , rationalize , & excuse yourself until the day you die . Or you can face the truth , that the choices you made have brought you to where you are . 
I look at divorce this way : it's better to have loved and lost , then have to live with that idiot for the rest of my life . 
is not recommended for the faint of heart , weak of Spirit or for those with lack of common sense . Batteries not required . * May contain sarcasm * 
some people come into our lives and never leave an imprint . and some come into our lives and leave a lasting impression that we never forget 
live for the now ; dream of the future and don't dwell in the past . We can only influence what happens to us at this very minute so make the most of it ! 
says , the walls around my heart are not here to keep people out , but to see who will strive hard enough and care enough to break through them . 
if things are meant to be they will find a way of happening , if they aren't happening then you haven't found who you are meant to be with . :-) 
( Positive Quote ) Word of the day is : FOCUS . When you are annoyed tell them to FOCUS ( Fuck off cuz ur stupid ) :-) 
Don't go 4 looks they can deceive . Don't go 4 wealth it can fade away . Go 4 the one that makes you smile coz it only takes a smile 2 make a dark day bright . :-) 
The best part of being in a relationship is learning about each other , the journey of discovery makes love and the relationship stronger , time is a wonderful thing :-) 
my friends , I wish you peace , love and health . Blah , Blah blah ... screw that ! I wish you lots of sex , booze , orgasms and hope you win Lotto :-) 
I think ... WHO YOU ARE is more impressive than what you make , what you have , what you do or what title you < PROPFEMALE > . It is the face that attracts but the personality and attitude that captures the heart and sole :-) 
The first step to happiness is deciding what you want , the second step is doing whatever it takes to get it and the last step is enjoying every minute of it . Life is to short ! Kiss slowly , Love Deeply & forgive quickly . Forget the past , but remember what it taught you . 
The most valuable thing in the world is trust , if someone ever loses trust in another it can never be totally regained . Sometimes ... what's left unsaid ... speaks the loudest 
No other person can make you feel beautiful or attractive - you give all those things to yourself by growing as a person and changing the way you think about yourself .. Just remember your beautiful and true beauty comes from the inside .. looks fade and whats left behind remains :-) Just Be yourself .. that is the greatest gift you can give to anyone .. 
knows what I want ... it's a question of how to go about getting it ! 
Driving aat work and on fb lol 
im bushed what a long day and still not off work ... Anyone want to cook for me lol 
that is so jacked what the hell is wrong with people here ? 
Well found someone to fix on my beasty to get her ready for the long road home .. still have to wait a bit long for my results but getting closer to moving home :-) 
I need your HELP ... my daughter Deven wants to do a read-a-thon to raise money to help stop the cruelty to animals she saw the spca commercial and broke down in tears and wants to do something ... She is such a bright beautiful little girl and im so proud of her for wanting to get involved and do something about it .. If anyone knows how to start going about it or would want to donate please let us know 
I'LL ADMIT I'M A HANDFUL . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and , at times , hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you don't deserve me at my best . That's why it takes a REAL man to be able to put up with me !.... Repost if your WOMAN enough .... and I am !!!! 
Faith , Hope and Love is daring the heart to go beyond what the eyes can see and the mind can understand ! I believe that if you Love Life , Life will love you back ! To the world you might be just be one person , but to one person you might mean the world .. This is my dream .. someday just maybe someday this will come to but true .. :-) Hopefully sooner than later lol 
Click \ like\ " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile " 
I love when you call me because I know that for one brief moment you've been thinking about me 
is thinking that maybe , just maybe ... things are starting to change for the better and hopes things keep going the way they're going now :) 
is thinking about someone that just wont get out of my head but its all good coz its making me smile .. xoxo 
going out to Sing at the Brig tonight .. any requests .. plz make them more along the country line .. :-) 
Is having a awesome day :) 
the best feeling in the world is finally realizing what you want ! but an even better feeling is knowing you already have it ! :) i miss you babe xx 
wonders what the heck is with all this facebook poking ? Is this considered facebook sex ? If so I heard there is a super poke out there , that ones gotta hurt . 
the greatest challenge in life is to find someone who knows all your flaws , differences and mistakes yet still loves everything about You ! 
got my mediation report .. Deven is to go to canada with me and < PROPFIRST > to stay with his dad in Fresno .. My 20 days are up May 17 i can move after that .. Not to happy about my son having to stay behind :( 
Describe ME in one word using the first letter of YOUR name .. :-) 
According to my amazingly and awesome friends and family that posted on my last status .. this is what they came up with .. < PROPFEMALE > sensationail and Magical can be a bit Moody , Tasty dumbass .. that dislikes anal sex rotflmao .. aka sweaty butt plug ! This is where it gets interesting dont stop reading yet lmao 
Since I got such a wonderfully amusing feedback i going to try it again Describe ME in one word using the first letter of YOUR name .. :-) 
done work for the day yaaaa .. :) ) now what do i do ? 
Is very tire did think i would ending up working on a customes car in the parking lot of Autozone atfter i got off work today .. what was supposed to be something easy turned into hours .. Im just glad i got there car fix and them back on road :-) 
Fuk .. I was just in a accident on 99 .. 3 car bang up and i happened to be the monkey in the middle .. so much for court this morning .. which means another delay .. will post pics later ... 
is never naughty ... Just mischievously creative ! ;) . I like being me !!! ;-) XXX 
.. has been sent to the naughty corner .. leave a msg and she'll get back to you when she promises to be good .. then again you may have to wait a while ;) 
I really hate it when people say something can't be done , because it causes me to have this overwhelming urge to prove them wrong . 
... may look sweet and innocent but inside she's completely bad ass !! 
single & U R going 2 have 2 B freakin awesome 2 change that . So I am quite happy 2 wait cause I want a Knight in Shining Armour not one in Tin Foil I just had .! 
woah ! ' Dammit I'm Mad ' spelled backwards is ' Dammit I'm Mad ' OHHHHH SHIZZZZLLL ! coolest thing i've heard all day ! :) 
is on-line somewhere .. if I am not in your chat list you may find me in my in-box .. and if that fails , post something on my wall or poke me if you wish 
has gone looking for herself . If you find her or she comes back , let her know . 
Some men may feel the need to love 1000 different women but a real man knows how to love one woman 1000 different ways 
Look into my eyes , you will see what you mean to me . Search your heart , search your soul . And when you find me there you'll search no more 
In the end , we only regret the chances we didn't take , the relationships we were afraid to have , and the decisions we waited too long to make 
Sometimes you just have to sit back and laugh at some peoples immaturity , it just makes you realize how much growing up they still have to do 
~ I believe God has many angels , which is the kind that heaven sends ... I am surrounded by angels but I call them friends ~ 
The truest form of caring and compassion is when a person gives without thought of receiving a thanks ... 
Some people like me , some people love me , some people have never taken the time to get to know me . Those poor people don't know what they are missing ! 
knows that giving up is not an option but I sure want to . I know that I am stronger than that ! Lord < PROPMALE > me the strength . :( \ 
If life is gonna keep sending me lemons , then it needs to send the salt , Patron and/or < PROPFIRST > with them so I can at least enjoy them . 
Not sure anymore . Just trying to live life day by day , hoping for the best because that's all I can do and I know it . 
... From now on the only people I'm going to have time for , are the people that have time for me ! 
wonders why exes feel the need to constantly remind you of why they became your EX in the first place ! Is it really necessary ?!? 
learning to let go of the people who don't want to be in my life . It's a privilege to know me so it's ur loss if u choose otherwise 
is sick and is mindlessly shuffling through Status Shuffle to find something they likes ... \ 
\ 
WARNING : CRIMINALS on the LOOSE-known alias : Mold and Mildew , Known to cause : itchy , watery eyes , scratchy , sore throat , & runny/plugged nose . VERY DANGEROUS ! 
If you can make one person smile a day , you have accomplished more then most and you never know what that one smile has done to change that persons day .. 
... Being a friend is not just sharing a joke , a conversation , a cup of coffee or a funny story ... It means sharing an honest and true part of yourself ! 
Where there's a will , there's a way ... if you want something bad enough find the courage and tenacity to make it happen . 
When you're mad or angry at someone , the only person who suffers is you . Because the person you're mad at either doesn't know , or doesn't care . it takes more of a effort to remember why your mad and to hold that grudge than it takes to get over it . 
At 6 < PROPFEMALE > & 7 sec after 5am on the 8th September this year it will be 05:06:07 08-09-10 . This won't happen again until year 3010 !!! 
what to do .... what to do ???? Is anyone out there ??? 
I's singin < PROPFIRST > JACOB ... yeah you know it's already stuck in your head I can hear you singing it now , haha YW :D 
word of the day : vegetarian ( veg-eh-tare-ian ): Indian word that means BAD < PROPMALE > ! lmao 
Hey sexy ! Shut the door , drop your pants , climb on top of me , and satisfy your needs . Love always : The Toilet lmao 
What ever the first comment on this status is will be my next status what ever it is ; this is your < PROPMALE > to have some fun ! ha : L x 
Rock on or Fuk off ..... Thanks < PROPFIRST > :) 
second time around ... :o ) What ever the first comment on this status is will be my next status what ever it is ; this is your < PROPMALE > to have some fun ! ha : L x 
never fear heartbreak . it only makes you stronger . always love unconditionally . you'll find someone who will return that unconditional love eventually . 
is currently under the influence of cold and flu medicine ... my actions \ 
can not be held against me !! 
is 100% sick and feels like crap ,, I'm in need of a big hug ... any offers :o ( 
having serious 80's flashback :o ) bring on more cold and flu medicine lol 
why cant my ex just leave me alone .. and be a half decent human\ 
being towards me .. instead of making my life as difficult as possible ? 
Congratulations to my daughter Deven for a perfect report card 4 quarters in a row .. \ 
not only did she get a award for each one , 2 attendance awards , she also got accepted into 2 gate schools for the gifted and talented children , student of the month , for the month of March , and graduated from her counseling .. and never missed 1 day of school .. \ 
whooo hooo u rock baby girl , your momma is so proud of you :o ) 
my heart aches for my little man .. he is so hurting inside .. and doesnt thing anyone understands what he is going threw .. He is kept so isolated at his house .. with only lego's and videogames for company .. cant even go outside to play .. or go to his friends house to go and play or even ride his bike .. 
' s gonna give you a free ticket to ask 1 question and get one honest answer . ( send to my in-box ) 1 , 2 , 3 Goooooo :o ) 
We are only a reflection of our own trials and tribulations . So take chances , make mistakes , live and love like there is no tomorrow . 
Now it's time for this angel to get some sleep ... Let me put my halo in a safe place in the mean time . Goodnight everyone ! 
is reaching the light at the end of this tunnel & holding on to the belief in another < PROPMALE > with the hope of a new start . \ 
Ive loved , Ive lost and loved again . Love is caring , love is hope . This is who i am , my heart is not afraid to love , but its the hope in love that keeps me going 
The best combination in the morning is hot coffee + Facebook . GOOD MORNING my wonderful n lovely Facebook friends ! \ 
If you ever need to talk , cry , laugh with or just have someone to listen to you who cares , please remember my name , for I have not forgotten yours . ^^* ( hug ) 
is vastly amuse .. Life is sure getting interest ... feeling very optomistic about everything :) 
is hoping and believing that whats meant to be , and what I want are , for once the same thing ! 
Move away court is on Monday .. so much is riding on this .. on wether i can leave the states or not with my kids .. I cant afford to wait and go to trial .. 6 months and over 5000 for the trial .. Not sure what i will do if everything doesnt work out .. 
Happy Fathers Day to all the wonderful Dads and single Mom .. You are are kids line of defence to a bright and properious future :o ) 
Today is the day I go to court for my move away to go back to Canada wish me luck .. Feel pretty optimistic about it .. Thank you to all my friends who have been giving me the vote of confidence to see this threw .. The Powers that will make the decieding choice on what will happen with my son :o ) and if i have to stay long so be it my son is worth it :o )\ 
On a interesting note .. 
The judge went on vacation so court is not till June 28th now .. thankfully we had that date for the attorny fees .. If it does end up in a trial the date has already been set for Dec 23 
oh Friday , here you are ... finally . You can't even imagine the things I'm going to do to you when I get you alone :) 
1 moment in time can spark a song , 1 tree can < PROPFEMALE > t a < PROPMALE > , 1 < PROPFEMALE > can guide a ship at sea and 1 person can make a difference\ 
. Don't settle for a person that you hope will change ... instead , find one you hope never will , Live Love Laugh enjoy your life its the only one you are blessed with \ 
Hope everyone is having a great weekend \ 
HUGS :o ) 
Good morning to all my friends and family , and those i have yet to talk with .. \ 
May you always walk with the morning < PROPFEMALE > to guide you , the summer sun on your back , and an Angel to walk by your side , :o ) 
My Daily tarot reading is very cool :o ) * The World * Fulfillment of one's dreams and hopes . The World is literally at your \ 
feet ! The journey that began with the Fool is now complete with the \ 
World . 
is off where the water is beautiful blue , the palm trees sway in the wind & the man of my dreams awaits me with nothing but a smile , Yep that's right in my dreams .. Good Night All 
Time for some creative troubleshooting .. and see if i can pull a rabbit out of my financial cap 
Happy Canada day everyone , just getting ready to set of some fireworks :o ) 
If I had a warning label , what would it say ? \ 
( LOL can't wait to hear this ) 
Life is about ignoring the drama , laughing with friends , loving your family , and being happy with what you have . 
To all my American friends Have a Happy and Safe 4th of July :o ) 
They say \Some of life's greatest discoveries are realized along detours\ " . OK enough with the detours already ... I get it ... I get it already .. rotflmao\ 
When you give your all to someone else make sure they want it . There actions tell you louder then words how important you are in their life . 
Do you ever wonder if you cross other peoples ' minds anywhere near the frequency at which others cross your own ? 
I don't hold a grudge , for each person that has brought pain into my life has also brought knowledge . I am a better person for it . 
People come into your life to learn from , to teach , or for a specific need at that moment but no one that comes into it is ever a mistake ! 
I'll spread my wings and I'll learn how to fly , I'll do what it takes till I touch the sky . I'll make a wish , take a < PROPMALE > , make a change , and break away . 
Finally getting my insurance check to replace Beasty and Looking to purchase either a Truck or SUV , in the 6000 range .. What Make , Model and how many < PROPMALE > on it ? 
is going to bed now to snuggle with the love of their life . Well , the pillow will have to do for now . One day , though . . . mmm . Night all 
Loving\ 
memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has \ 
lost their battle with cancer , and those who continue to conquer it ! \ 
Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had\ 
cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . ... Will you ? Let's \ 
\Kill Cancer ! \"" 
Prayer\ 
Alert !!! For a fb friends daughter Audrin King . Hold the family up today , Her\ 
2 yr old daughter was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this\ 
post , and even if you dont know her , God knows ... Please post to your \ 
profile for 1hr and say a prayer for the little girl and god bless you ... for\ 
doing it ! ( How could any mom NOT repost this ? )PRAY PLEASE !!!! I PRAYED\ 
and REPOSTED ,,,,, PLEASE PRAY FOR THIS FAMILY 
OMG i live in a sauna , 106F , or 40C way to freaking HOT .. you guys can send the cooler weather and some rain would be nice too .. How was your weekend ? 
Woman was taken from man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on . Not \ 
from his head to be superior . But from his side to be equal , under the \ 
arm to be protected , and next to the heart to be loved . :) 
Not sure if I should say Congrats or WTF !!! \ 
How could my ex-husband go and get married and NOT tell the kids he was doing so .. He and his new wife showed the kids a video tape of the wedding that is how they broke it to them .. The Kids didnt even know they were engaged until i told them , which I found out in the mediators report when we were in court June 21st 
is bright and < PROPFEMALE > here in california ... Good morning all 
This is my dream .. I would love to be far away from the city right now .. feeling the cool mountain breeze on my face and listing to mother nature sing her good night songs .. The sound of a slow moving stream with the fish jumping catching there evening meal .. The smell of a camp fire , as it crackle and pops .. with the < PROPFEMALE > shining on and the northern lights dancing . 
been a minor change in plans .. If life didn't throw you a curve ball it would make things to easy .. and lord knows mine has yet to be smooth sailing .. lol oh well im up for it :o ) 
Don't make someone a priority if all you are to them is an option . Stay true to you and all good things shall follow . 
I'm the girl who keeps a smile on their face no matter how hard life gets . everything happens for a reason , just deal with it and move on .. Nothing can hold you back unless you let it .. Have a great day all :o ) 
see who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my friends ' list , as a result of a conscious decision , I wanted you there !! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on my friends ' list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this ... as your ... status . I'll ... be watching to see ... who really is . I < PROPFEMALE > family & friends . Thank you for being a part of my life ...? 
Happiness and dreams are like soap bubbles , just when you think you got em in your hand they pop in your face . 
I may be strong , and able to < PROPFEMALE > myself through situations . But really , I just want to be held and told everything will be ok . Its like I'm fighting a up hill battle with no end in sight . and no one to rely on but me .. :o ( 
wonders if we ever truly know people ? We go through life getting to know them or thinking we know them and suddenly something happens to make us really wonder ! something to think about Good night all swet dreams\ 
G 
Never\ 
let anyone take you for granted . It may be too late before they realize\ 
the best gift they could have received , was the one they threw away . 
Keep your dreams alive . Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself , vision , hard work , determination , and dedication . 
not giving up that easily . It'll just take encouragement , determination , hard work and a positive attitude . I can and WILL succeed in all that I put my mind to . 
Angel's walk among us and in times of need they hold our hands and wipe our tear's , Never fear they are always near when ever you need them most .. :o ) \ 
Good Night and Sweet Dreams .. :o ) May all your dreams and wishes come true .. even if they do get slightly modified lol 
one of the best feelings in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone , and the next best feeling is ... having them prove it ! 
BELIEVE : To hope for the best , endure the stress , passing every test & accepting nothing less . 
Just one word of encouragement or discouragement can make the difference between giving up & going on . There is power in what you say ; speak carefully . 
Its a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Monday morning here in Cali .. Coffee is on .. Mmm coffee .. lol have a absolutly awesome day fellow facbookers .. 
i think i missed \the games people likes to play\ " class Can someone explain the rules ? Is speaking from the heart with honesty and intregrity and respect .. Is that not they way its supposed to be ? " 
Never give upon your dream or loose site of it .. It can happen if you want it bad enough .. May all your dreams and wishes come true :) HUGS 
TGIF .. Alrighty then facebookers have your self a safe and productive Friday the 13th ... 
If you need to hear the FACTS , then please , go to the SOURCE ! Nothing causes more trouble , and heartache than an ugly rumor , Lost a good friend because they listened to the lies and manipulation of others .. Instead of just asking strait out if what was said was true or not .. < PROPFEMALE > will come back on them for the lies they told .. 
If anyone is being sent hate mail about me please forward it to my email .. seems like im being black balled and this person has people watching my page .. \ 
so who ever it is relay a message back I will not be intimidated or strong armed or manipulated .. 
Life is like a Roller Coaster . You can either squeeze your eyes shut & hold on tight until it's over or Let Go & throw your hands up in the air and scream . hell yaa bring it on .. yaa babe lol I think this is a ride that i will enjoy . for a nice change of pace :o ) 
I am perfect in my imperfections , secure in my insecurities , happy in my pain , strong in my weaknesses , and beautiful in my own way ... I am \myself \"." 
Completely happy with the way things are for the moment . Ready and waiting for better things to come my way !! the sooner the better .. if its meant to be it will happen but i just might give it a helping nudge .. :o ) 
... Wind me up and watch me go .. Where I stops nobody knows . 
LOVE , you know you love someone when you are willing to do things \ 
you've never done before and you would do in a heartbeat cause you know \ 
it made them happy . \ 
HOPE , May you have enough happiness to make you sweet , enough trials to make you strong , enough sorrow to keep you human and enough hope to make you happy 
To my friends out east and in the midwest\ 
Friday has Entered the Building ! Everyone , BUTT DANCE !! (_/_) (_l_) (_\\_) (_l_) (_/_) (_l_) (_\\_) Bow Chica Bow Wow ! 
Not all angels have wings . Some have Laptops or cellphones . They are sending you morning messages right now telling you to have a blessed and happy day ! \ 
Good morning Fellow Facebookers .. have a awesome day and a even better weekend :o ) 
may be all by myself here but at least they's got my fb friends . 
knows that we don't quite know where our paths will lead us , but we should know how to embark on the journey : stand firm , walk tall , be humble and love deeply ! \ 
Love unconditionally without fear , Trust without question , Need without demand , Want without restriction & < PROPFEMALE > without inhibition . 
You know those nights when you can't fall asleep ? Well , maybe it's because you are awake in someone else's dream .. \ 
Have a great night everyone .... instead of counting sheep I'll be counting angels . I'd like to think that God is protecting me even in my dreams . 
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never tried to seep in a room with a mosquito .. :o ) just sayin lol 
Has come to realize that being nice , polite , helpful and sane is the new weird now days , To fit in you now have to be delusional , self-absorbed , vindictive and cruel . or just emotionally unavailable .. seems to becoming a wide spread epidemic .. from alot of the stories i have read especially in this area negativity is the norm here :o ( 
Greatness is not defined by money , worldly possessions , or a persons blood line . Greatness is defined by a persons actions , and the gentleness in their heart 
Most won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken ! \ 
I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times HARD TO \ 
HANDLE ..... but if you can't handle me at my worst then you SURE don't \ 
desevre me at my BEST !!!!!! If you're a HANDFUL ..... then repost this ... \ 
status ---- I DARE YOU !!!!! 
I hope you never look back , but ya never forget , \ 
All the ones who love you , in the place you left , \ 
I hope you always forgive , and you never regret , \ 
And you help somebody every < PROPMALE > you get , \ 
Oh , you find God's grace , in every mistake , \ 
And you always give more than you take . 
Our actions of the past should not define who we are today . Our actions of today should help to define who we want to become . Learn from mistakes and move on ! 
Im looking for a very cool hunting picture to use as my display pic .. since i have to wait until next year for my first hunt .. post them on my < PROPFEMALE > and the best one will be put up as my display pic :o ) Thanks in advance 
You might be a redneck if ... instead of using a tree stand for hunting you just duck-tape yourself to the tree and call it good . 
I\ 
may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do i have the \ 
perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but i'm a great \ 
choice . I don't pretend to be someone i'm not , because i'm good at being\ 
me . I might not be proud of some of the thing's i've done in the past , \ 
but i'm proud of who i am today . take me ...... as i am or watch me as i \ 
walk away !. post if you're proud of being you . 
Has the right to remain silent ...... muahahahahaha ya rite 
its not always what you say or how you say thing . its when you say nothing at all that can be the most powerful . actions speak 100 times louder than words .. 
ok off to bed .. Poking fest is over for tonight .. < PROPFEMALE > and John .. u guys Rock .. fastest poker backers ever .. lol good night one and all sweet dreams poke ya tomorrow :) 
Its Friiiidaaay :) have a fun filled action packed long weekend .. Good luck to all the hunters ... 
Every pain , every obstacle , every heartbreak , every tear i have endured has made me the strong , independent , courageous , wise and more loving person i have become ... There is no challenge too great or too small that I can't overcome ! 
The biggest decisions in our life involve bridges ... which bridges to build , which bridges to cross , which ones to burn , and which we should simply ignore ... Make your choices wisely before they are made for you by someone elts .. \ 
Now If you could give me one word of advice , what would it be ? \ 
While you ponder this question it time for this little lady to catch some shut eye .. good nite all sweet dreams 
Love without fear , Trust without question , Need without demand , Want without restriction & < PROPFEMALE > without inhibition . Keep those ' true ' people in your life , the ones who keep it real .. let go of those who are judgmental , jealous , hold grudges and who don't accept you for who you are ! Life is too short ! Have a great Monday everyone ... 
Now I lay me down to sleep . Y'all be quite now , not a peep . My eyes are red , my butt's a draggin , Insomnia , please !! Quit your naggin'! Nite-Nite !! Sweet Dreams FB friends :o ) 
Working on Beasty2 changing out the oil pump . Hopefully that will fix the prob .. Uggggg if it didnt have issues it wouldnt belong to me lol whats everyone elts up to this weekend ? 
Happiness keeps Us sweet . Trials keep Us strong . Sorrows keep Us human . Failures keep Us humble . Success keeps Us growing . But only friends keep Us going !!! xxx 
Life has many doors that can be opened and closed , what you make of your life depends on the doors you choose to close and doors you choose to open . My door is always open to my friends if you ever need a a bright spot to your day .. dont hesitate to give me a shout i can find something good in any situation :o ) HUGS 
on a rainy day a good friend would lend you an umbrella but a true friend , like me , would take your umbrella and say \Run Freak Your Getting Wet\ " .. ohh wait i would probable just give it to them since i miss the rain and normal weather lol " 
Tgif ... :) whats everyones plans for the weekend ? 
Dating advice .. \ 
1 . Be original and say what you think , instead of thinking what people want you to say . \ 
2 . The RIGHT way 2 kiss a girl : Grab their waist with one hand and hold their face with your other and ... kiss their like YOU MEAN IT !!! \ 
3 . Admitting your mistakes is not a sign of weakness but a sign of maturity . 
Never lie and steal . But if you must lie , lie in the arms of the one you love . If you must steal , steal their heart and give them yours in return :o ) 
WARNING : It takes a brave man to deal with a hot and outspoken woman , such as myself . Approach with caution ! \ 
now for a bit of fun .. :o )\ 
if u like me as a friend type 1 , if u think I'm cute type 2 , if u want to be more than friends type 3 , if u have ever had a crush on me type 4\ 
BTW its all in fun so dont take it seriously .. so Get r Done lol 
.. what is the worst pick-up line you have ever heard or have used ? 
Inquiring minds wants to know that if a person with multiple personalities threatens to commit suicide is it considered a hostage situation ? And , if they succeed is it a homicide ? 
Dreams are wishes the heart makes ... sometimes they don't make any sense , but just wait ... they usually explain themselves ... eventually . D 
I really am simple ... simply amazing , simply smart , simply beautiful , simply caring , simply fun , simply brilliant , simply complicated :) ahhh but simply logicial it what baffles most of the complex minds .. they get lost im the simplicity of it all lol 
Life is all about timing .. the unreachable becomes reachable , the unavailable become available , the unattainable ... attainable . Have the < PROPFEMALE > , wait it out\ 
and just maybe it will become a reality :o ) 
At my sons soccer practic .. < PROPMALE > to get the defensive line whipped into shape :) Goooo Renigades :) 
TGIF have great weekend catch up with ya bright and early Monday morning stay safe out there :) 
I like it pretty much anywhere dependson mood and whats going on .. Some times chair .. table or floor even i know kinda careless .. lol 
Good morning my fellow facebookers .. Have a awesome day .. Good Luck to all my friends out hunting today .. Make every shot count :) 
well ladies and gents .. Its that time of day again ... Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz sweet dreams catch ya all in the morning nite ( yawwwwwwnn ) :) 
Is going to the nurses office to play sick in hopes they call my mom and they comes to pick me up ... oh wait I'm not in high school anymore ... damn !! \ 
Off to work I go .. Have a great day everyone 
if alkfjjaljfljalkjeilkafedkji ... toidi na < PROPFEMALE > uoy egassem elohw siht daer ot gniyrt < PROPFEMALE > uoy fi\ 
( read it backwards ) 
Is the sweet , shy , quiet , innocent type . Hey ! Stop laughing ! You're blowing my cover ! 
Happy ThanksGiving to all my friends up in Canada wish i was there to celibrate with you Hugs to all 
a good friend wants to see you happy , a best friend will do anything to secure your happiness no matter the personal cost . they will give you all the love and supportive and be there for you , even if they disagree with how you cope with your personal tragedies ! 
At the fair ith my kids .. My girl rocks the big ridees .. Thats my girl yaa babe you go .. No fear .. lol 
Good luck today Foti .. Hope the dr gives you fairly good news .. Keeping my fingers crossed for ya .. Hugs 
You should always look your fears in the eyes and say , I will concour you , You cant stop me .. Dont ever give up .. its just one more challange to over come and grow from :o )\ 
Believe in yourself , Love others , Reach for your dreams , always think positively & keep your head high :) 
Ok new toy just bought a iPod touch wow it's different than Using my cell lol 
Its coming down to the line now .. The evaluator finished his report and its no on the judges desk for review .. Soon i will be able to read it and know where my < PROPFEMALE > will be .. crossing my fingers it means we can go home .. 
Happy Halloween Face bookers watch out for all the little darlins hitting the streets :) play it safe .. 
Going to watch the expendables with my date ... Casper ... And didnt even have to pay to get him in ... Boy is he a cheap date rotflmao 
Dev just joined the chess club at school yeash .. I dont even know how to play lmao ... Nd my darlin girl is on the honor roll at school with a 3.8 GPA im so proud of my girl :) 
Is any of my friends on here Vetrans ??? Deven has a school project she need some help with .. She needs a picture .. When and where .. And a little about you .. Include something like duties at the time of service .. Thanks bunches .. Hugs 
Welllll i got my court date Dec 27 9am still havent gotten to read the report yet but very soon :) 
: o ) 
TGIF have a great weekend everyone : 0 ) 
It's a < PROPFIRST > night 
The weekend is gone and has become apartof th past farewell weekend .. Bring on the new week .. 
Well now that totally suxs .... Just got informed i have to wit till are court date at the end of Dec before i know whats going to happen with the kids and I .. Thats being just mean .. How the heck am i to plan to leave or if we have to stay grrrrr the Judge isnt nice ... my laywer cant even get a peek of it : 0 ( 
Can this day get any freakin worse grrrrr 
I have had a rough couple of day .. I want to thank my friends on here for all your love and support you have given me .. i < PROPFEMALE > each and everyone of you . Thank you to the faits that brought you into are lives .. Your all amazing * HUGS * 
Here is a call out to all Vetrans and the ones currently serving are great nation .. We salute you for all the sacrifices you have made to keep us safe * HUGS * 
Whoo hooo good times .. lol liking all the good < PROPFEMALE > :) 
OMG I Love my truck ... He is going to be awesome when i deck him out .. Lol 
Ooops my bad ... Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the correction my Truck will most definitly be a redneck woman Truck .. lol 
Forget the Knight in Shining Amour give me a Redneck in a Truck ! now that i got that out of the way . \ 
I dare you to admit the most Redneck thing you've ever done . Comment below : 
I'm a Truck bed sittin , Back-road Ridin , Courtry Blarin , Camo wearin , Country boy lovin , Backwoods Muddin , Pure Country , Kinda Girl ... :o ) <3 
What a awesome way to wake up .. Thunder .. Lightning .. Pouring down rain .. Even a bit of hail .... it didnt last long it was still super cool reminded me of home during the summer .. Though taking a route in the rain isnt much fun .. Have a great Sunday everyone :) 
Good Morning fellow facebooker have yourselves a awesome day ... Hugs 
Good Morning All .. coffee is on and the rains have subsided .. looks to be a awesome start to a beautiful day .. Happy Thanks Giving < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone .. have a great day tomorrow .. 
< PROPFEMALE > and sprite :o ) 
Theres always a little truth behind every just kiddin .. a little knowledge behind every idk ... a little emotion behind every idc ... & a little pain behind every it's ok ... \ 
Integrity v/s honesty : integrity is telling myself the truth , and honesty is telling the truth to other people . Your words will mean nothing unless your Actions can back it up .. 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things that we can not change , the courage to change the things that we can and the wisdom to know the difference !! 
God doesn't give you the people you want in your life , you're given the ones you need so you can become the person you want to be . * 
Live the way you want and believe in what you want and never let anyone make you think any different . The one in control of your life is you . 
26 day until court .. Getting closer .. Hope everyone is having a grrrrreat day : 0 ) HUGS 
25 Days and counting down .. Hows the hunting did everyone fill there tags ? 
I'm very proud of my babe girl .. Deven did amazing in her first Chess Tourniment .. she Won 1 , Tied 2 , Lost 1 .. she just just started playing Chess about 2 months ago .. congrats sweetheart your amazing .. Love Mom 
Is not a happy camper : 0 ( 
A Smoky Mountain Christmas and Christmas to Remember are my 2 all time favorite clasic Christmas movies :o )\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone :o ) HUGS 
Help ! I think I've just been shoved into a bag by a man in a red suit and now I think I'm in the air . Don't lie , WHO PUT ME ON THEIR CHRISTMAS LIST ?! 
5 more sleeps then i will know .. wish it would hurry up and get here ... 
Hey everyone .. have a safe and wonderful Christmas tomorrow .. sry cant accept any calls or txt make any either :-( my phone is fobared .. send your digits to my inbox if u want me to have it :o ) 
Hope everyone had a amazing christmas and new years ... Is anyone holding true to there resolutions ? Have a great day ... Hugs 
ACHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic to bull shit , drama queens , head games , liars , 2 faced fake people , keep this sneeze going . I can't wait to see who'll repost this ... Oh I will ... LMAO 
. We like rodeos and tractor pulls , We ride four-wheelers , shoot guns , Drive 4x4's \ 
We go fishin and huntin , I wouldn't call us tomboys . We're just Country Girls :) 
u know they's a country gurl when they would rather go muddin , 4 wheelin or swim in the river all day while blarin country music than go 2 a mall 
I don't want a knight in shinning armor on a horse , bring me a country boy with wranglers .. driving a lifted up Chevy Truck :o )\ 
If you think a country boy can survive ... you should see what a country girl is capable of doing ....... gotta love a country girl rotflmao 
just a FYI : Never , under any circumstances , take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night .. just sayin .. thanks < PROPFIRST > that's a gooder rotflmao 
We all have angels in our life , some people just don't recognize them even when they are standing right in front of them . Don't let anyone change your beliefs , morals , or values , for when you do , you change who you truly are . \ 
GOD onlt makes originals if you want copies , buy a printer ! 
There was a piece of pie in the fridge that had a sticky note that said , \Do not eat me ! \ " \ 
Wanted : a guy who can handle a woman who's honest , loving , opinionated , intelligent , outspoken , smart , independent , outgoing , and sexy as hell . Apply below . 
I accept my past knowing that without having lived through it , I would have never have learned what I truly deserve in my future ! 
You cant not try something because you're scared of getting hurt , or that it may go wrong . You don't know how you feel ? You never will unless you give it a go ! 
I'm off to snuggle with 2 loves of my life - pillow and blanket . They love me unconditionally even though I only use them for my sleeping habit . 
Raise your hand if you're on Facebook right now . How many people actually raised their hand like someone could see them doing it ? LOL 
I got my move away order to take my daughter Deven with me to Canada .. Yaaaa won this one now to go after my son once he checks it out up there lol 
omg .. the fog was so thick driving home u could cut it with a butter knife .. yuck .. its going to worse 5 am when i leave for work then drive in it all day tomorrow in it ... Does anyone want to trade there weather for mine ... lol 
sick of people/one person in particular blaming everyone else for there own bad choices & unhappiness . We're adults grow up and start taking some responsibility for your messed up life .. For every choice YOU make there is good or bad consequences suck it up or shut up .. your problems are exactly that YOUR problems .. grrr 
People who cannot accept responsibility for their actions are to be pitied since they will never learn from their mistakes and are destined to repeat them .. I watching this unfold as we speak .. lol sucks to be them .. glad im done and going home lol 
Says it is extremely important that 2 understand this : ( 1 ) U can't reason with cRaZy , ( 2 ) U can't argue with/fix StUpiD , & ( 3 ) U can't control others behaviors . only your own 
OMG what a day .. this town is nuts 
Just because you are not in a relationship does not mean you are not loved ... it means the right person hasn't opened their eyes to see you yet .. have faith ... \ 
Happy Valentines Day Everyone :o ) HUGS 
leaving in the morning for Canada .... rain or snow showers the whole way .. me and my big mouth ... wanting snow .. now im getting tons .. guess thats one fast way to get used to Canada winter again lol 
my darling black beauty had other plans in mind .. broke down on the side of the freeway .. had to be towed back to fresno .. grrrr .. oh well gonna fix her ... just have to find travel money again grrrrr 
making progress bought tranny for 850.00 and a shop will install it for 100.00 should be done by tomorrow or Wednesday :o ) now travel money and weather reports lol 
Live one day as if it's your last , love as if you'll never love again , take a risk that is worth taking , and learn something new everyday ! 
the most difficult challenge that people will face is finding peace and love in there hearts when faced with challenges or obstacles in there lifes path .. With peace , Love and Forgiveness and the ability to let things from the past go .. you become much richer than the richest man on earth .. for you have discovered what it truly means to be happy and content 
When you look at me , you only see what I appear to be . There is much more to me underneath . Only those with the purest of hearts will see the true me . \ 
Sometimes ... what's left unsaid speaks the loudest , and actions speak louder then words . The truth never hurts as much as the lies do ! 
i definitly chose crappy weather to drive to Canada in worse than last weekend .. 
finally leaving Fresno , taking the south route threw Bakersfield , Vegas , Salt lake city , Bozeman then straight north the border .. take care everyone we will check in when we get the chance .. ttyl 
Made it safe and sound to Edmonton on Sunday .. now comes the fun stuff lol 
It's amazing how one moment with one person can change your entire life and make you shine from the inside out with a happiness you have only dreamed of ... \ 
love doesn't mean finding someone who makes you like to be with them , love means finding someone who makes you like who you are when you are with them . 
You live ! You learn ! You love ! You give ! You help ! Have no regrets for being the best person you can be ! YOU ! Be yourself because someone is admiring you for it : 0)\ 
I'm thankful for every break in my heart , I'm grateful for every scar , some pages turned , some bridges burned , but there were lessons learned for it has made me into the person i am today .. :o )\ 
Have a awesome day everyone .. HUGS 
Life has this way of bringing you the bad , before the good only so you will remember and notice the great little things you have and know your happy :) \ 
More important than our knowledge , our skills , or our education , is simply our goodness - the quality of our hearts and our souls . ( Arbinger Institute ) 
Why look behind you , you can't change it . Why fret over the future , it's not here . Why don't you live for today , and make it so wonderful it's worth remembering . \ 
There are things in life we don't want to end but we are afraid to continue . . . it's because we know we can't control our < PROPFEMALE > . SOOOO !!! \ 
When one door closes another one opens , if you dont like that one then take a short cut threw the window .. lol 
In life , most situations you come across have 34choices for u to choose from .. You can either change it , accept it , modify it or remove it .. \ 
Look beyond someone's eyes and to truly see their beauty ~ Hear beyond their words and listen to their heart ~ Feel beyond their body and aim to touch their soul 
Be yourself ... because life is too short to be someone else ... live the life u dream of ... fight for what u desire ... and never give up\ 
happiness keeps you sweet , trials keep you strong , sorrows keep you human , failures keep you humble . Success keeps you growing , \ 
Be the best you can personally be .. you dont have to be like everyone elts just be true to yourself 
a man and a woman were trying to hack into a computer the man typed ' mypenis ' the woman dropped to the floor laughing , the computer said ' ERROR too short ' 
\A good man is hard to find . A hard man is good to find . Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things . \ " mom's advice " 
Yeah throwing skittles and saying taste the rainbow is fun , but I prefer to < PROPMALE > TACOS and scream THINK OUTSIDE THE BUN !!! 
I have great friends beside me , and wonderful family behind me , a bright future before me . The possibilities are endless ! <3 
When we forgive , we keep our Minds full of Peace , our Hearts full of Love and our Souls full of Joy . its call the past for a reason .. put it to rest and live the rest of your life in < PROPFEMALE > .. you only have one life to live .. Live it to the fullest and make each day count like it might be your last .. \ 
HUGS 
May good luck be with you wherever you go and may your blessings outnumber the shamrocks that grow , \ 
May your joys Be deep and many , \ 
May your heart be light and glad , \ 
May you have the best St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day\ 
That you have ever had 
hey guys im hosting karaoke Friday and Saturday night at the Touchdown Sports Pub off of the Yellowhead and 82nd St. . \ 
hope to see some of you out there :o ) 
Thank You for all the birthday wishes .. I have the most awesomest friends .. Your all amazing .. Thanks for being in my life .. i have gotten much richer because of all of you .. HUGS 
We build a wall around ourselves to protect us in many ways , but how many opportunities do we miss defending that wall ? Is it truely worth it .. when truely its only are selves we hurt by keeping others out .. Not very productive if u ask me .. letting go of the past will bring you a more happier and productive future .. only YOU can make that choice to stand alone .. 
When love is real , it doesn't lie , cheat , pretend , hurt you , make you feel unwanted or keep secrets . It's supposed to be a cure to all your worries . \ 
A real love is the one where you don't have to try so hard & good things happen naturally .. Find that someone who makes you better about yourself without trying to change who you are ! This is my opinion take what you want and leave the rest .. hugs 
some ppl wait on that white knight & horse , I'm just waiting on a country boy with a jacked up truck , gun and boat , quad , skidoo .. etc .. hahaha 
