Happy Zombie Jebus day ! 

Oh , I would while away the hours , Wanking in the flowers , my heart all full of song , I'd be guilding all the lillies as I waved about my < PROPFIRST > 
So I just saw on tv that disney is working with Miley < PROPMALE>' little sister who is 10 , will be releasing a little girls lingere line !! What is wrong with people ? 
So get ready !! Momma's Big Night Out coming to Gibby's this Saturday Night only ! Come one come all and see this Momma shake her booty . 
Had a great time out last night . Felt pretty rough for morning feeding though . Thank goodness for asprin and gatorade ! 
Monday Monday . I kinda feel like Mama Cass . That Philly Cheese is calling my name . 
Hey pretty lady ! 
Grandma and Grandpa Parry will be here tonight ! Good thing I cleaned the house , even found time to wash the baby and myself . 
Gosh Wednesdays should be illegal ! There is nothing but guilty pleasure shows on . ABDC , ANTM , Fly Girls , and High Society ! Good thing < PROPFIRST > works nights ! 
Happy Earth Day ! Thanks Mother Earth ! 
It's amazing how happy baby squeals make you . 
Go Red Wings ! 
So I added a < PROPFEMALE > Parry that I've never met to my friends . Wonder if she'll accept . What a crazy world . 
Red Wings are in the playoffs baby ! Nothing like being a Wings fan in Avalanche country ! Going to have to bust out the flag ! 
Gosh , it's cold today ! We're just going to cuddle and watch movies . Lazy day . 
So my money is on DevilMayCare . Let's see how this goes . 
I swear to GOD if I hear someone say swagger again I will bitch slap them back to 2004 ! 
Dear little baby Jesus , thank you so much for the angels that skate on the ice against San < PROPFIRST > ! Please let them continue to kick some mighty butt ! Thanks man ! 
Momma has a job . Start tomorrow . Daddy is going to have to get up early . 
Need sleepy . 
Grrr cranky lady alert ! One f ing thing after another today ! Anybody want dogs , baby , and husband ? I'm running away ! 
Having a pity party ! God I need a drink . 
Today was a much better day ! Whew thank goodness for that . 
So the wildfire in MI has me worried I can't get ahold of my folks , so cross youer fingers and hope that they are safe . 
Offically ready for my weekend getaway ! Have summer reading too , Pride Prejudice and Zombies ! 
< PROPFIRST > is 4 months old today ! He went to the Dr. for his shots . Poor baby is so tired and cranky now . 22 more days till he gets to go to Michigan ! 
You save what you love . You love what you know . And you only know what you're taught . Learn something today . 
R.I.P. Mr. Hopper . Hope heaven is fit for an Easy Rider . 
Stay at home and cuddle or go to drive-in ? Tough choices for a Sunday ! 
Had a dream that I was hired at a clinic with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Dicaprio , and < PROPMALE > Hawke as doctors . Mmm would love to work there . 
So Littleton may not have the dream Drs , but it is still my dream clinic . Cross your fingers I need this job !! 
Cheese and Rice !! I have never had to ask to speak to a manager before today . I felt like such a prick for doing it , but they were so rude to me . Grr 
Yawn ... lazy day ! Come on thunderstorms make it cool down . 
I have an interveiw Monday . Thank you all for all the good thoughts ! 
So I just got back from that interveiw . Gosh I miss working for a living . The Dr was really nice . I'll hear whether or not by Wednesday . Too long I wanna know ! 
Baby , we were never meant to be , we just happened . Sometimes love comes around , just get back up when it knocks you down . 
Leavin ' on a jet plane . Just have to clean house , do laundry and pack . Michgan here we come ! 
Sometimes I feel like an analog girl in a digital world . 
So I'm back from Michigan . Time went by to fast . Thinking about going back in the fall . Glad to see my family , as well as < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
So I am interveiwing for the 3rd time at Littleton today . Please oh please let them see that I belong there . 
I got the job ! I got the job ! Yes oh yes , I got the job ! Hold on , I peed a little ! Oh oh oh I got the job ! 
I solemnly swear to fill out the application for Jeopardy contestants . You guys you can say you knew me when . 
The only movie worth seeing this summer : Inception 
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade . Nuff said ! 
Finished my first day ! I love working ! 
Twilight's like soccer . They run around for 2 hours , nobody scores , and its billion fans insist you just don't understand . ~ Brett Erlich 
Strong finish to my first week ! Now 3 days to recoup , then a week in the feild with a new Dr. Should be fun ! 
I love used book stores ! I picked up a editors copy of a The Last Hero by < PROPFIRST > Pratchett complete with corrections to be made for $4 !! Easily worth 100x that !! 
Worst 4th ever ! Hubby is working , it's raining , and no one answers my phone calls . Hmm should clean the house before we interveiw for babysitters tomorrow . Boo ! 
I know a lot of you are unhappy with the rainy and chilly day , but I am loving it ! I can't tell you how unbearable it is to do a lameness exam on a hot day ! 
< PROPFIRST > Vedder mmmm would love to spread that < PROPFEMALE > Jam on my toast ! Can it really be 15 years since I bought that album ? Crap , am I getting old ? No , no way . 
Another 96+ degree day . Luck me I have the day off , but I have to work tomorrow when it's supposed to be 100+ . Oh joy . 
Horseshoes , Bass Pro Shop , and a double feature of Inception and Eclipse ! I love date day with my boys . No if I jist didn't have to work in the morning ... 
Just started and finished Neverwhere by < PROPMALE > Gaiman . Then I find out BBC made it into a six episode mini-series that I can watch on Netflix . Oh happy day ! 
I have reason to believe we all will be received in Graceland . 
I feel a canary in coal mine . I get dizzy walking in a straight line . 
It's Friday and I have a babysitter ! What is going on tonight ! 
So my husband has been sqealing like a girl all day because < PROPFIRST > Elway brought his dog in last night . What a dork ! 
I just found out the the largest treatment center for mental illness is ... wait for it ... the Los < PROPFEMALE > county jail ! 
Sorry fb friends busy busy busy . I promise picture from boo at the zoo . Have a safe and happy Halloween ! 
Finding myself getting around on a hope and a swear . 
I didn't even have to use my AK , I got to say today was a good day . 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes ! You all make my life so < PROPMALE > ! Lots of love . Cait 
Using technical terms- he's a son of a bitch ! 
Remember no man is a failure who has friends ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Br-br-breakfast ! Then off to the stock show . Hope everyone stays warm and safe ! 
< PROPFIRST > is 1 today ! Yes sir I kept a human alive for a whole year ! 
Finished test 1 to be on Jeopardy ! < PROPFIRST > is going to be calling me up any day now . 
Just got out of \I Am Number Four\ " . Great date night with the ladies ! " 
The robot overlords are coming . Thought I'd let you know now so you're not all suprised and sad when we are harvested for a cheap energy source . 
If you have a voice in your ear telling you it is a good idea to go see Red Riding Hood , grab the nearest pencil and insert it until you feel brain matter . 
27 fires in Colorado already this month . They just evacuated the Colorado Horse Park . Please keep those effected in your thoughts 
Going to the ER . 20 hours with a dislocated knee is long enough . It's so weird being at the patient end of a hospital trip . 
Today is one of those days that makes me believe if it weren't for bad luck I'd have no luck at all . 
Appointment with ortho surgeon tomorrow at 9 . 
Pity party at my place all day . Just got the results from my MRI . Buckled and torn my medial meniscus , torn my lateral meniscus , and I have a torn ACL . Please bring a bag of money and copious amounts of alcohol . See you there . 
