Happy New Year ! Don't encounter a whole lot of illness and don't screw up too much ! 

Every manipulatee can manipulate their manipulator , and the original manipulator can become a manipulatee and manipulate the initial manipulatee yet again . Every manipulator was once manipulated and is destined to be manipulated again and again . 
2010 is a new decade , a clean slate if you will . All of the monumental screw-ups of humanity shall be forgotten in the new decade and those screw-ups from the previous decade shall be inevitably replaced by others . 
I should go to bed before my mom kills me 
\The fun of Halloween comes solely from the havoc you are more than capable of wreaking . \"" 
I be looking for ideas ' n stuff for a science fair project ... 
The events of the past and present show that man acts wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives . 
Your actions show a lot about your personality and intelligence . Today , however , when it comes to intelligence , it seems lots of people don't have much to lose ... 
\Scientists say because of global warming the world's oceans are expected to rise 4 1/2 feet . Scientists say this can only mean one thing : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is going to drown . \ " -- < PROPMALE > O'Brien " 
Learning how to fly is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss . 
If EVERYBODY was an idiot , the predicaments that we face today would increase in severity only by a < PROPFEMALE > bit compared to how they are now . 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP . ( this is a copy of what my mom posted ) 
Sarcasm : The use of it can help you gain friends and make you appear as cleaver and somewhat likeable . If misused , it can make you look like a total \basketcase\ " ( I still don't know what the freak that is ; please enlighten me . ) " 
There are three groups of people : the idiots , the smart ones , and the really sharp ones . The smart ones learn from there mistakes . Those who are really sharp learn from the mistakes of others . The idiots are arrogant jerks who don't think they ever have or ever will make mistakes . 
Sometimes you have to fight fire with fire . A raging inferno fueled by gasoline with gasoline . Violence with violence . Meidiocrity with meidiocrity . And , last but not least , stupidity with stupidity . 
What is upon the top of your brain ( figuratively) ? 
is watching his snake drink 
I just got done feeding a fuzzy sized mouse to my corn snake . 
Recycle : SAVE THE BABY DOLPHINS ! 
The only difference between dogs and cats is how effectively they fertilize your garden after you're \through with them \"." 
Boredom is a lethal disease that will soon manifest within your mind as if it were a worm and drive you to a point of madness in which permanent scarring will inevitably result . 
is looking forward to Christmas 
You can lose significant amounts of trust through lying ; probably the person that trusts you the least is yourself , for you lie to yourself most of all . 
Steal something for a man and he will be in the possesion of a stolen item . Teach a man how to steal and he will have a collection of stolen items and possibly a collection of fines . 
wishes he could start a bonfire and burn a bunch of stuff for no apparent reason . 
' s lizard has emerged from her hiding spot for the first time in quite a while 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a day that hopefully doesn't go too awry :) 
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it . If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere with a sign on it saying ' End-of-the-World Switch ' the paint wouldn't even have time to dry - < PROPFIRST > Pratchett 
Boredom metamorphoses into something unbearable whose manifestation is within the person who is writing this . 
If somebody has a good quote as their status that means that they are very bright or dull . The person would be dull if they had the quote followed by the person who wrote the quote assuming it's not you . The person would be very bright if they said that it was one of their own . If they didn't say who it was by you don't know . If someone writes something like this that means that they're an intelligent jerk . 
Now that it's a new year , we can forget all of our screw ups from 2010 and < PROPFEMALE > the clean slate that 2011 brings , which will be clean for about thirty seconds before we stain it with new mistakes . But if you stain your slate enough so it becomes a full , dark , sexy black , it will look nice again . 
Now that it's a new year , we can forget all of our screw ups from 2010 and < PROPFEMALE > the clean slate that 2011 brings , which will be clean for about thirty seconds before we stain it with new mistakes . But if you stain your slate enough so it becomes a full , dark , shiny black , it will look nice again . 
The irrefutability of the inevitability of the time in which we will make yet another mistake is great . 
I had a ... DELICIOUS day at school 
To clean your house with the most thoroughness you must do the opposite of your initial goal first . 
\Let your anger be as a monkey in a pinata amongst the < PROPFEMALE > hoping the kids don't break through with the stick . \ " Kung Pow : Enter the Fist " 
just finished the second book in the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Olympians series . What a fun way to waste your four-day weekend away . These book are FREAKIN awesome 
Counterproductivity is productivity's awesome brother 
Back to school tomorrow ................................................................................................ 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Sweet . 7 : Adorable . 8 : Airhead . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Royalty . you guys ott .................. a try this out ! How do you rate me ??? This should be interesting :) See More 
Just because a man leaves an irrepairable scar on the world doesn't mean that the man is a bad person . 
If toast always lands butter-side down , and cats always land on their feet , what happens if you strap toast to the back of a cat and drop it ? - < PROPFIRST > Wright 
A passage through which time travels is what is commonly known as a passage of time . Some people know it as a passage that actual humans take to go into the future or the past . Even fewer people know it as a passage of time through which time itself passes . 
Thought : if you were riding around the Sahara on a camel , looking for water , couldn't you just kill the camel and cut off one of its hums to get to the water the camel has stored up ? 
' s Science Fair project won second place in a certain catagory ( don't ask ; I forgot ) and is moving onto the district Science Fair !!!!!! 
The difference between crazy and psycotic people is how much they want to hurt you . 
Life sometimes is like a baby hatchling puppy : sometimes it just seems totally unreal . 
just got done cleaning his leopard gecko's tank ! 
< PROPFEMALE > betta died ... 
MEN ARE NOT PIGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PIGS ARE INTELLIGENT , CLEAN CREATURES !!!!!!!!! 
I be anxious to find out how I did in the district science fair ... 
What if the companies who make tissues secretly put allergens in their tissues so then you would have to buy more tissues !? 
Good night ... ( I guess it would be good morning though since its 12:30 ) 
When , I wonder , was the epidemic now known as boredom introduced to this world ? 
Don't drop an < PROPFIRST > wrench on your head ... it hurts !!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's difficult to type when you are wearing socks on your hand ... its even harder to use a cell phone ! 
still has to finish his science portfolio ... 
My science portfolio is done 
\Excellence is no accident . Genious is serendipitous . \"" 
' s high school registration paper was just signed by his current science teacher for Honors next year 
imma be waiting for the next shipment of fablehaven 5 to come in ... 
Life is like a knife : it is long . Some parts are sharp and some parts are smoooth . 
How shall I build my 20 step Rube Goldberg apperatus ... 
Optimists and pessimists both have played important roles in our society . There are many things that we would not have if it weren't for optimists , and the same goes for pessimists . The optimists came up with multiple ways of utilizing electricity . The pessimists created the circiut breaker . 
just got back from St < PROPFIRST > 
Happy easter wishes are extended to everybody from the bowels of my tangible personage . 
It is possible to light farts on fire ... I just barely found an eHow article on the topic ... it sounds like you don't want to use a butane lighter though ... 
Stupid people are like slinkies . They serve no purpose , but its fun to watch them fall down the stairs . 
During World War II , bakers were ordered to stop selling sliced bread for the duration of the war on January 18 , 1943 . Only whole loaves were sold to the public . Nobody knows how this helped the war effort ... 
How come when we smell something bad we smell extra hard to identify the bad smell ? Shouldn't we be trying NOT to smell it ?! 
We humans are the dominant species on earth . However , we must accept the fact that there is a planet out there with life forms more advanced than us that would make us look really stupid , though some of our race seem stupid enough even as it is now . 
Maybe I should measure my snake's shed before I throw it away ... 
Tears are like a rare and tasty harvest : they are heavenly to experience but kind of rare . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is so tough that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is the only one who could beat himself in a fight . 
im'ma ( be#cl^ean'ing m'(y keyboard\\|\\$ 
People need to understand that children with special needs are not sick . They are not searching for a cure , just acceptance . This week is for special needs education & Autism Awareness . Ninety three percent of the people will not copy and paste this . Will you be part of the seven percent that will and will you leave it on your wall for at least an hour . 
Stupid people are like Playdoh chunks : they don't serve an extremely important purpose but it is still fun to mash them together and see what happens 
Computers have changed society in a way that was unimaginable when the first computer was created . The technology we have now is probably a reason for the stupidity of some Americans . Is it ironic that the people who made computers what they are today were freakin geniuses and yet their creations have caused people to be stupid ? Were the geniuses who made the computer stupid for making a device that caused stupidity ? 
Cats and dogs are like magnets : if you don't put them together properly they won't stay together 
Imma be working on my Rube GOLDBERG .... 
I thought America : the Story of Us was going to be on at seven but it isn't on yet !? WHAT UP WITH THAT ?! 
I wonder why people go to the doctor if they get injured in a fight . Doing so just defeats the person's purpose of hurting you . 
is finishing some stuff for the Rube goldberg 
TICK WARNING ! I hate it when people post bogus warnings , but this one is real . Please repost this as your status ! If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT ! THIS IS A SCAM ! They only want to see you naked . I wish I'd gotten this yesterday . I feel so stupid ;) 
I gotta feeling I might regret this , but ... I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS (: You can ask me one question ( ONLY IN MY INBOX ) ... Any question ... No matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get asked !! ( : 
A stupid person is like a bullet : their appearance isn't threatening but they can sure cause tons of problems . 
Sarcasm is like a knife : it can hurt people , but it is fun to use it . 
According to scientists , if the ice caps keep on melting , ocean levels will rise by several feet . If that's the case , then that must mean < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is going to drown 
If you take a small piece from each country in the world and mix them up and you will get a big bowl of hatred and maybe some happiness scattered throughout . 
If < PROPMALE > Potter became a vampire , would he move to Forks and marry < PROPFIRST > ?!?!?!?!? 
Apparently the name of the guy who invented the toilet is < PROPFIRST > Crapper ... Go figure 
20 years later I should live alone next door to a house with a bunch of little kids . I could act all crazy and scare them . Maybe I could dress up as the Grim Reaper on Halloween and show up at their door . After that maybe I could leave my realistice blade-staff prop lying against a kid's bedroom window :) 
Life is a cycle : when you're a baby you're cute , you're neutral as an adult , you're ugly sometime after fifty or so , and by the time you're around eighty you're cute again ! 
There are many thoughts about what the most important invention was . Many say it is the wheel . Some say it is the lever . It all depends on what you do . Some may say it is the sledgehammer , some might say it is the confetti egg , some may say it is the guillotine , and there might be some idiots who think Benjaman < PROPMALE > invented electriciy . 
still has to finish his freakin Rube Goldberg ... 
There is nothing quite like walking into your room to find out that the snake pooped in his water dish :) 
Would two isotopes of the same element have different amounts of nuclear energy ? For example , would Uranium-238 have more nuclear energy than Uranium-235 ? But the half-life of Uranium-238 is about the same as 235's ... 
Why do we celebrate birthdays ? It only signals that you are one year closer to dying . Then again , there are some people I know whose birthdays I really think should be celebrated >:) 
I would be glad about it snowing today , but it snowed right on the frickin day the Rube Goldbergs were due !!! It didnt even stick , so I Went in the snow with my rube goldberg for nothing !!! 
I'm SO happy that my Rube Goldberg did well ... its kind of surprising that half the class ran out the door when I said I needed help bringing it from the lab to the classroom :) 
I took my Rube Goldberg home today 
Two rocks cannot form another rock . However , they could smash together to form another rock :) 
What book should I choose for that ANNOYING critical analysis paper that the 9th grade Honors english teachers assigned us ... \ 
1 ) West Side Story by < PROPMALE > Shulman\ 
2 ) I am the Cheese by < PROPFIRST > Cormier\ 
3 ) The Outsiders by S.E. Hinton\ 
4 ) The < PROPMALE > and the Pauper by < PROPFIRST > Twain\ 
5 ) The Pigman by < PROPFIRST > Zindel 
THE NEW SEASON OF HELL'S KITCHEN STARTS ON TUESDAY ! < PROPMALE > RAMSAY IS FREAKING AWESOME !!!!!!!!!! 
No matter how incontrovertible a clear fact may be , there will always be people who oppose it for senseless reasons . Some people's reasons simply cannot be understood . Some just deny the truth because they are afraid of it . Then there are the people who come up with these incontrovertible discoveries . 
Sometimes your life sucks , and sometimes your life is good . The reason those sucky parts are there is so that you can appreciate the following good part even more than you did the last one ... 
There are some cards that you can find at a store that say \You are the best person in the world ! \ " \ 
Tonight's episode of Hell's Kitchen was really interesting ... then again , what would one expect ?! Chef Ramsay is freaking awesome !!! 
Got Mr Cobb to sign my yearbook today . He said \Jonathan thanks for being a voice of reason in a symphony of chaos \"" 
Learning a lesson the hard way can really suck . However , when you learn the hard way , it seems as if the lesson sticks with you better . Also those who learned something the hard way are the people who try to keep you from making the same mistake they made . 
Now that I'm gonna be a 9th grader that means I will be at the bottom of the pole again . Sure that will suck , but tell me : is it only a mere coincidence that the High school's seminary building is right by the < PROPMALE > high ? And , of course , there are the portables in front of the high school's field that are used for some classes . There still is some prey ........ 
What happened ??? The school year went by fast . It's like Cap'n Crunch got a hold of it and crunchitized it to death ! 
Hmmm .... maybe that hot glue did remove part of my fingerprints :) There isn't a blister or anything on my thumb anymore and the part of the skin that was under the blister appears to be printless .... 
I know that im a freak when i am standing out on the porch , trying to decide if a certain rock is sedimentary or metamorphic . I thought it was foliated , or maybe it wasnt ..... 
\Yo ' 
Which of the two has the worst outcome : ignorance or stupidity ? Or are they equal ? 
I wonder if my Rube Goldberg could break someone's finger :) it hasn't been taken apart yet so yah .... 
\Good references are people who you know that will lie for you for cheap . \"" 
If humans could photosynthesize , that would be freaking awesome !!! 
Don't underestimate yourself . There are some times where someone actually is worse than you for a change ! 
I just noticed the yellow my snow corn has on his side :p 
Never underestimate stupid people ... 
There is always an aggrivating smudge that you just cant seem to get off of your glasses ... 
My brother's birthday is today . That means pizza , cake , and my brother is one year closer to death . Three birds with one stone , man ! Three birds with one freaking huge stone !!! 
When you suck life , it has a tendency to suck back 
Ugh .... please relieve the pain ... so many stupid people !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wanna go for a ride on my big green tractor ? 
The donkey who put \good\ " and \ " morning\ " together deserves a good punch in the kidney ! " 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is soooooooooo hot ... dont you just wanna give him a big yummy hug ... 
I watched Yes Man not too long ago ... that old lady scares the crap out of me 
IMMA FIRIN MAH LAZER !!! 
Do you know what you got into \ 
Can you handle what I'm ' bout to do \ 
' Cause it's about to get rough for you \ 
I'm here for your entertainment \ 
I bet you thought that I was soft and sweet \ 
You thought an angel swept you off your feet \ 
But I'm about to turn up the heat \ 
I'm here for your entertainment 
SON OF A FATHER !!! My computer is broken and now the only way i can go on Facebook is with my phone ! 
You never really meet death . You only meet what death sends your way to kill you . You only meet the illness , old age , the person who shoots you , or the person who wants to make your body into a stuffed animal and sleep with it . 
This morning I found a sesame seed in my eye .... SERIOUSLY , what the crap ?!?!?!? 
A line is a < PROPFEMALE > that got a really screwed up operation . Usually the surgeon is on a drug or something ... 
Does anybody know if < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > mothered and/or fathered any children ? 
Friendship is like peeing yourself . Everyone can see it but only you can feel its true warmth . 
I will probably regret this , but what the heck . If you send me a question in my inbox within the next * 48 hours * I will answer it no matter how personal , intimate , wrong , or erotic it is . Feel free to take a stab in the dark , but try not to kill someone . 
Got to shoot a flintlock rifle yesterday . IT WAS FRICKIN AWESOME ! Black powder is kinda dirty ... 
I want your psycho , your vertigo stick . Want you in my rear window baby your sick . I want your love . Love , love , love I want your love\ 
............ if I am going to quote Lady Gaga maybe I should use something that doesn't include the phrase ' I want your vertigo stick ' ... 
\Those of you on outdoor survival 
spread the stfu truck to every < PROPFEMALE > that spams !! \ 
^^^^^^^^^^^\\||____\ 
| The STFU Truck ||| \\"'|\"\" \\__ 
Spread the stfu truck to every < PROPFEMALE > that spams !! \ 
\We should all own guns . One word says it all : Columbine ! \"" 
Don't support those who put other people down ! That's your job ! 
Some of the ideas I come up with for stories are frickin awesome ... if only I could write something good with them . The ideas are there , but I want to make them into something awesome , not my typical crap pile ... 
Never get into a stranger's car . They just want to get you shot up with a bunch of drugs so they can kill you and make your body into a stuffed animal so they won't be lonely anymore . 
Down with civility , up with flexibility ! 
Why did < PROPFEMALE > Braun and Hitler wait until the day before they killed themselves to get married ?!? 
If you hear a knock on your door at 3 in the morning to see a guy who says that he is stalking you and got lost in your neighborhood , you know that you're in trouble 
If you hear a knock on your door at 3 in the morning to see a guy who says that he is stalking you and got lost in your neighborhood , you know that you're in trouble . 
What would you do if I showed up at your doorstep holding a live grenade ? 
I gave my stalker a map of the state of Utah today . He always has a hardest time finding the highway . I even took the courtesy of marking the location of the other person he stalks . Or at least I think my stalker is a he ... 
I personally think that < PROPFIRST > Launter is hotter in dog form . 
Boredom needs to get itself a frickin iPod or something so it will stop picking on innocent people like me ... well maybe I'm not innocent but you get the idea . 
Hmmm ... maybe if I make a bunch of random and pointless status updates that clog up your news feed you'll get all pissed off at me . And trying to run from someone with a gun is better than boredom . 
is wondering if he should follow through with his story about Num Nums the serial killer/cannibal ... 
\Dark and difficult times lie ahead . Soon we must all make the choice between what is right and what is easy . \"" 
Being out of school kinda sucks . It's almost as if my brain is deteriorating . I guess I can look over the science PowerPoints again , picturing Mr. Cobb standing over me with a yardstick ... 
Life will go on , but pain will always be associated with it . 
Some people say that rap is a form of poetry . I guess the alcohol , drugs , and all that fun stuff really brings out the best from all of the well-known rappers .... 
Sometimes I wish life was still as simple as it was back in kindergarten . However , I'm glad that my bladder isn't so freaking small anymore . At least those frickin donkeys in California didn't hold me back ... 
We are all looking for the answer to the great question . The answer is in plain sight , but the question that it answers is what you need to look for 
PUT This Into Your Status And See What People Rate You . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 . Talkative . 4 : Shy . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Too Nice . 7 : Moody . 8 : Sexy . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart . 19 : quiet 
Meh , know someone , observe someone , stalk someone , obsess over someone , look for opportunities to get in touch with your inner arsonist , what's the difference ??? 
You cannot polish a turd , but you can accept and appreciate it for what it's worth . 
Imagine a world without violence . A world without all of those loving arsonists and suicide bombers . A world without criminals . Everything would be just perfect . But what would happen to all of the cops and firemen ? How about the jailors ? Lots of the people , including the crack dealers , would have to find a new way to make money . \ 
Violence provides the Police with work . Do a good deed today . 
Boredom is like a dog : it slowly sneaks up on you and bites you in the butt . 
Today I learned that lots of the stuff women wear actually originated from male European homosexuals :) 
How do you get your schedule for the next school year ??? I saw that a few people already got theirs , some on my news feed and a few that I saw when I was stalking people on facebook ... 
Here's my schedule , fools .... \ 
1- Honors Algebra 2 , Jones-Miller\ 
2- Fitness for Life , Hunter\ 
2 ( second semester)- Pottery , Wilcox\ 
3- Spanish 1 , Henrie\ 
4- Participation Skills , Rydalch\ 
4(second semester)-Computer Technology , Campbell\ 
5- Drafting Design Technology , Valdez\ 
5 ( second semester)-Seminary\ 
6- Honors Biology , Hammond\ 
7- Honors English , Waltzing\ 
8- Seminary\ 
8 ( second semester)- Honors Geography , Beer 
POKE me if you ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm a good friend . MESSAGE me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . COMMENT on this is we have had good memories together ... Now lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status 
I wonder how many goldfish < PROPMALE > has gone through ... 
Here's my schedule .... \ 
\ 
2 ( 2nd semester)- Pottery , Wilcox\ 
4(2nd semester)-Computer Technology , Campbell\ 
5 ( 2nd semester)-Seminary\ 
8 ( 2nd semester)- Honors Geography , Beer 
Bribing a police officer is illegal . That is why it's stupid to do so unless you're really good at it . 
The only significant difference between cats and dogs is how well they fertilize your garden after you burie them ... but if they're still alive and dig themselves out , they might destroy your plants ... 
It would be cool if you could throw magical powder over yourself or other people and solve all of their problems . Sorta like a wizard ... or a drug dealer ... 
All of us have certain capabilities that are presently dormant , waiting to be awoken by our own or others ' effort and actions . The defining moment , however , is when we choose whether or not to use them to their fullest extent and revolutionize the world . 
It's sad when you get so bored that you play with soup cans like legos with your brother . It's even sadder when your brother is 20 years old !!!!! 
thinks that the Dr pepper < PROPFEMALE > commercials are incredibly yummy . Maybe , while they are trying to make some money , Kiss will write a new song and get some serious shart propulsion ... 
can't believe that high school is gon be starting in less than a month ... 
Today I learned that dogs have a bone in their penis 
Finished reading I am the Cheese ... Now to write the frickin critical analysis ... 
You can try to hold in your feelings all you want , but they will inevitably spew out of you as if you were a bidet . 
Suspense is when you are holding a stapler to your left thumb , applying a gradually increasing pressure on the stapler , waiting for the metal to pierce your epidermis . Suspense is when you are on the toilet , just waiting to hear that plopping sound that will remind you of Friday night . Suspense is when you are sitting next to someone eating a bean burrito , waiting , just waiting , for that climactic shart . 
knows that he has to write that frickin critical analysis , but doesnt really want to lol 
Rules are like metal , they are made to be bent , stretched , made into an object to be used against either the opressor or , in some outstandingly rare cases , the master . 
You know , If I were to die right now , in a fiery explosion due to the carelessness of a friend ... well , that would just be okay 
It's times lile when you're cleaning your snake's cage furniture when you really start to wonder what the crap you're gonna do with your animals when you go away to college or something like that . 
Life is like a puzzle . If you don't step up and arrange it yourself others will arrange it for you , and some people really suck at putting puzzles together ! 
If an arsonist was your friend , that would be pretty useful . If that arsonist was your enemy , however , that would suck . I guess you could still pay that arsonist to do stuff for you , though . 
When you put something in a dehydrater , you suck out its soul . The body is still left over , which , to most people , is the thing that is the most physically pleasing . 
Does anybody know of any websites that sell tanks for cheap ? The prices at the pet store are pretty high 
\The thing that you have that Voldermort doesn't is love . \ " ... \ 
Give a man a fish and he will have dinner for one night . Show a man how to fish and the undeserving moron may forget what you showed him within a week . 
What is it about reptile turds that make them smell so frickin bad ? 
Holy crap ... no one else is on ... 
Pepsi is pretty useful if you wanna stay up late :) 
I need to get my stupid critical analysis out of the way . Maybe I'll finish it all tonight . I got lots o pepsi so I should be good :) 
I think i posted it but here it be\ 
1 Honors Algebra II , Jones-miller\ 
2 Fit for life , Hunter\ 
2 Pottery , Wilcox\ 
3 Spanish I , Henrie\ 
4 Participation Skills , Rydalch\ 
4 Computer Tech , Campbell\ 
5 Drafting , Valdez\ 
5 Seminary\ 
6 Biology , Hammond\ 
7 Honors English , Waltzing\ 
8 Seminary\ 
8 Honors Geography , Beer 
Just got back from St George ... and school starts tuesday . See y'all then I guess ... 
Would it be safe to assume that everybody is done with their critical analysis except me ? :) 
Canker sores FRICKIN hurt !!! 
I kinda like the Hispanic guy on the Simpsons that wears a bumblebee suit :) 
You're steaming . You're like a steamed vegetable , only smarter . 
You know something is wrong with you when you lose track of time for like an hour and a half reading through your recently assigned biology book ... 
If you want it you can have it but you have to reach down to grab it . 
\Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life . \"" 
I'm not threatening you , I'm just giving you a very powerful incentive . 
Who Knows Me the best ? Full name : ____________ Age : __ Birthday : ________ Eye color : ______ Nickname : ________ Bestfriend : _____ Favorite color : _____ Post this on your wall and see who knows you the best 
\You know of it's name but not what it is ? What a strange creature you are ! \"" 
The night is darkest before the < PROPFEMALE > . It's just a question of how dark we're going to let it become . 
If you don't plant your seeds on fertile ground , it's gonna suck . If you don't keep people from stealing and damaging your seeds , it's also gonna suck . If you don't pay attention and use common sense , it's gonna suck . 
Screamo artists are simply angry people who lack the coherence to verbally express the reasons for their hatred . 
Don't go into a battle of wits unless you're armed with both wits and an actual weapon . The weapon is for when your best wits run out . 
To the people people who were killed on 9/11 and those directly affected by the consequences of the attack you will never be erased from our memories 
To the people people who were killed on 9/11 and those directly affected by the consequences of the attack you will never be erased from our memories . 
The only defense against the inevitable is to freeze time , but even then time must inevitably thaw . And < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is the only one who can keep time frozen forever , but he will eventually die too . 
Not giving a crap and not having a heart don't mean the same thing . 
Don't you just hate it when you get stuck in a group where nobody except you gives a crap 
What is it about cells that makes science idiots like me so interested in them ? 
We are all looking for the answer to the great question . The answer is in plain sight , the question is what needs to be saught after . 
Everything is built to last , it's just that there are a ton of idiots out there that never let anything last 
Within an < PROPFEMALE > shrouden in darkness , a hero will inevitably emerge and triumph over the darkness , for darkness never lasts forever because light is strong and is the eternal companion of plants , for it provides the activation energy for photosynthetic reactions which result in the synthesis of glucose . 
You can be like an eagle and soar to wonderful new places you had never fantasized about , or you can be like the dodo and be restrained by sheer inability , which you do not have to be restrained by , unlike the poor dodo who could not help the fact that he was not blessed with a pair of seductive wings . 
They say I only think in the form of crunching < PROPFIRST > in hotel rooms collecting < PROPFEMALE > six lovers 
Simplicity is the greatest sophistication 
HOW DID WE MEET ? :) Copy this to your status and see who remembers !?!?!? 
No matter how beneficial expressing yourself can be , there is a thing or to that ended up in your brain for some unfortunate reason that are just simply meant to stay in there 
is trying to decide whether or not to do the cell theory rap for extra credit 
Got my snake a new cage 36x18x18 . Anybody want my cracked 20 gal long lol 
Just got my snake a 40 gal . Anybody want the cracked 20L 
It is even easier for what you don't know to hurt you than what you already know because what you do know knows that you know about it and what you don't know knows that you don't know about it and the fact that you don't know about it is a great advantage for the thing that you don't know about . 
Coincidence is the Lord's way of staying anonymus 
I think it would have been better if JK Rowling ended the < PROPMALE > Potter series by having < PROPMALE > defeat Voldermort with the one thing his enemy didn't have , love .... 
WHAT CANCER CANNOT DO\ 
CANCER IS SO LIMITED ..... \ 
It cannot cripple LOVE\ 
It cannot shatter HOPE\ 
It cannot corrode FAITH\ 
It cannot destroy PEACE\ 
It cannot kill FRIENDSHIP\ 
It cannot suppress MEMORIES\ 
It cannot silence COURAGE\ 
It cannot invade the SOUL\ 
It cannot steal Eternal LIFE\ 
It cannot conquer the SPIRIT 
Great , now I got Eminem stuck and gouged into my head 
Satisfying your boss . Being flexible and innovative . Lovin with that cash cow . That's what business is all about . 
No matter how much greener the grass on the other side is , there will always be a poor patch of grass that the football players forgot to pee on . 
Light up people's lives like an arsonist . Cut your enemies down like a logger . Raise people's self esteems like a bomber plane . Live life with a passion even greater than the one < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > had for little boys 
If you want something , you can wait for it to cross your path . If it doesn't , then that sucks for you ... 
Would < PROPMALE > Potter have been able to pull off half of the crap he was able to without the help and planning from tons of other people and his incredible luck ? 
He wasn't killed by alcohol he was ran over by the beer truck ! 
Don't you just love it when you get hardly any trick or treaters and you have a fatherload of < PROPFEMALE > left over to rot your teeth with ? 
It'd be sweet if I was yeast and could undergo alcoholic fermentation ... 
\Why nature is mathematical is a mystery ... The fact that there are rules at all is a kind of miracle . \ " \ 
You're limited by your knowledge , but there is lots of knowledge within the lake of life , just waiting to be caught and utilized by eventually all of the human race 
My parents are bad shufflers ... 
Your brain is like a diaper , you are ultimately the only person who is able to soil your brain with knowledge . Other people can help you but it is your choice whether or not you allow it to soil your mind 
Extra credit is crack for honors students 
How can < PROPFEMALE > possibly satisfy all the children around the world with his giant sack ? 
The ceiling may get higher as you climb up , but there are simply some things which you shouldn't obtain . For example , if you got to the infinitely high ceiling and fell , you would be screwed . 
Diherehhia is hereditary-it runs in your jeans 
Finally back from St < PROPFIRST > 
I frickin love my new iPod touch 
Both chameleons and politicians change colors when they're afraid 
I got so much on my mind . Guess it's time to go see a TSA officer ... 
A mad man can choose to act sane 
Thank goodness there are other web browser apps you can get . Safari sucks 
Crap ... an A- in Algebra II is keeping me from a 4.0 again ... 
Scrud ... an A- in Algebra II is keeping me from a 4.0 again ... 
Agony is the fuel for my train of improvement . 
Agony is the fuel for my train of improvement 
Violence isn't a bad way to get ahead . It just has some considerable repercussions if you aren't smart about it ... 
Instead of wasting paper to print money , why don't we just use crap for our currency ? We produce a lot of it and we should make use out of everything . But inflation would happen pretty fast ... What about blood ? 
Instead of wasting paper to print money , why don't we just use fecal matter for our currency ? We produce a lot of it and we should make use out of everything . But inflation would happen pretty fast ... What about blood ? 
Today I got set apart as 2nd counselor of my teacher's quorum . I was released after five minutes and set apart as 1st counselor :) 
When crap goes wrong , sometimes you just have to take the bald man by the scalp , break through his cranium with your drill of courage , suck the brains out , and use the skull as a < PROPFEMALE > holder . 
Is it possible to give a frog a sex change with weed killer ? 
It's amazing what kind of sick and twisted story ideas I can come up when I'm bored >:D 
The truth is like a bottle of vodka : clear , but sometimes hard to swallow 
A book is like a turd . Before a turd finds its way out of you , it was a bunch of random pieces of food . Then , it went through the stomach , which took out some parts . Then , it went through the intestines and colon to be finalized . Finally , it came from your body , ready to rock the sewers for the rest of eternity . 
Physicists create flying machines that a pilot has to operate . But a drunk guy doesn't waste ten years thinking ! He just goes and jumps of a < PROPMALE > with no second thoughts ! 
Nothing defines truth better than that which is composed of lies . 
Nothing defines truth better than that which is composed of lies 
You know you're messed up when you occasionally think about how awesome it would be to turn someone into a marble statue and using them as a front yard decoration 
Blood is the nectar of life . If someone doesn't have enough , you can give them yours to keep them alive ( assuming you either have blood type O or the same kind of blood as the person in need ) . However , if you lose too much , the nectar of life leaves you , and therefore life begins to leave you and your body becomes a smelly puppet . 
Our trials don't define us . It's how we respond to them 
There are so many suggestive jokes to be made about asymptotes :) 
When people give you crap , store it in a plastic baggie and return it in a not-so-subtle way . 
Is there anybody here who knows how to get a lethargic leopard gecko to eat again ? 
The cost of dying is high , but fortunately the people still on Earth are the ones who take care of it . 
Stupid , stupid logs . I freaking hate you ! 
Arson isn't a crime . It's an extreme way of expressing your feelings 
Who else is gonna take AP World History next year ??? 
Finished filling out my registration form . Now I just have to wait for about five and a half months to see how smart or stupid my class choices were . 
Can you still say \put it where the sun don't shine\ " on a nude beach ? " 
When my dog dies I want to stuff her , replace her eyes with marbles , and use her body as a pillow every night there is a full < PROPFEMALE > . 
