I'm going to basic this tuesday wish me luck !!!! 

youwooohoo i have 18 friends now !!! lol 
last full day to enjoy ..... for atleast 2 months .. gonna miss you all 
ON MY WAY HOME FROM BASIC !!!!!!! 
life is good 
i'm almost to the point where i'll leave and not think twice , done , i got my life started and am doing well for myself i got plenty to think about than think about this crap ............ 
all is well truly 
ran out the house so fast i didn't even grab clothes .... wasn't late tho :)) 
I'm so happy i finally got to go to the nickleback concert , and OMGeeee was it amazing . ::: )))) 
Tech school is what u make of it -- i love it here !!! lol 
Standing tall and looking good ....... Touch my swag u wish you could !! 
All I wanted was to feel that Love you give ... 
How do you keep your feet on the ground when you know you born to fly ? 
It ;s way to cold to go outside , Defac ran outta food and pizza places are jammed with orders . Today loyaly sucks , plus i still have 15 days here without any love . how much gayer can today get ? 
Another Snow Day ! I'll be < PROPFEMALE > Mad if we don't graduate on time ! Ready to go home 
At the airport on my way back home :( i miss everyone at 363 < PROPFEMALE > bad already 
Finally getting to do my job , its amazing !! 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets , so love the people who treat you right , forget about the ones who don't , and believe that everything happens for a reason . \ 
If you get a < PROPMALE > take it . If it changes your life let it . :) 
Is it even possiable to feel this lost and lonely ? 
Ohh the things i'd give to be able to walk into the pictures ...... 
Everything is said and all he wants him to know is ' You better treat her right because i'd kill to keep her\ " , 2011-03-21 01:04:13 " 
Guy : just don't fall for me , i don't want to hurt you \ 
Girl : what you talking about , remind yourself not to fall for me because i am pretty amazing when i'm happy :) \ 
That's awsome that made me smile :) 
“The difference between school and life ? In school , you're taught a lesson and then given a test . In life , you're given a test that teaches you a lesson . ” 
Everyone comes into your life for a reason , some for good , some for bad . They shape us , they form us . Some may break us , but in the end they make us who we are . 
I feel amazing right now , so full of hope and happiness :) i've started my list of what i want to do before i get too old . If ya'll got ne idea thow'em at me :) 
Totally just got an Angel Fish for the shop's tank :) it's so pretty :) 
If i sumerize everything is comes down to 4 simple words -- ' Only time will tell\ but man does that seem so far away . " 
Not too sure if i could smile any bigger at the moment :) 
Energizer < PROPFEMALE > arrested , charged with battery . 
I can't wipe the smile off my face and everyone's looking at me funny cus i got that ' i'm up to something grin ' :) 
Thank you all for the great birthday wishes , I got to decently relax for my birthday :) 
