is fabulous ..... absolutely fabulous ! 

Had an AWESOME time with my peeps in Cali at Saddleback Church ! 
I am soooooo ready to win the lotto Wednesday ! 
Life is just a-movin ' along in this one-horse town . 
stupid stupid stupid people . 
Had a life-changing experience this weekend at the Walk to Emmaus . 
There is a lot on my mind today ....... Mostly , I am sad because I am realizing the relationships I once valued more than anything .... one by one , they just continued to be stripped from me . The longer I stay in recovery , the larger the body count . It makes me sad . 
TGIF TGIF TGIF !!! 
I am < PROPMALE > . 
I am not who I was ! 
I'm not as < PROPFEMALE > , and not as mean , but I'm still a < PROPFEMALE > . God bless our veterans-a big thanks to all who have served ...... My thoughts and prayers are with all active duty military today . 
I am PISSED at you , < PROPFIRST > . 
Enjoying the last daze of being 31 f-ing years old . 
12 12 77 
Thanks to all my peeps who wished me a happy b day !! 
is a busy little < PROPFEMALE > . 
is ready for Christmas . Can't wait to see my fam . 
is ready for Christmas !! 
is planning 2010 ! 
is loving life . 
STILL says , Hook em horns !! 
has one year of sobriety today ! 
is going to lose 100 lbs this year . 
is making Life's healing Choices . 
is fabulous . 
is the guest speaker at the < PROPFIRST > County Area Democratic Women's super social luncheon Feb . 11 . I rock !! 
has lost 20 pounds . 80 more to go . UGH . 
Have y'all heard that song \I'll pray for you\ " by Jaron ???? IT ROCKS ! I would like to take this moment to dedicate the song to my ex < PROPFIRST > Clements .... HA !!! " 
wishes I would have done a few things differently . 
Back to the grind ! 
is rockin and rollin and whatnot . 
is livin it up !! 
is ready for the weekend ! 
says all work and no play make < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl ........ 
won a $50 gift card today !! Whoo hoo ! 
is praying for the media at National Prayer Day tomorrow in Boerne . Hope you can make it !! 
is stoked about the National Day of Prayer event , taking place all over the United States today !! 
needs you to be praying for me while I pray for the media at National Prayer Day ...... be still my beating heart ! This will be my biggest audience yet !! 
says thanks to all who prayed for me ..... National Day of Prayer was AWESOME !!! God truly spoke through me .... In other news , I won $250 in Botox in a drawing tonight at the Hill Country Weekly's one-year anniversary extravaganza ... funny how life works !! 
is ready for a nap .... TGIF !! 
is enjoying the weekend !! 
slept til 2 p.m. today .... what else is new ? I am a sleepaholic ... do they have a meeting for that ? 
is finally finished with final exams !!! 
is off to give my testimony at University Methodist in San < PROPFIRST > ! 
is a weirdo ! 
is thinking WAY too much , per usual !! 
had a kick ass weekend with my brother , sister-in-law and my precious little nephew !! 
is already ready for Friday already !! 
is a smooth operator . 
is dealing with stuff . 
made A's in both the classes I took this semester ... WHOO HOO !!! I am like 15 minutes away from actually getting my Bachelor's!! 
says TGIF , people ... T G I F ! 
is still laughing at Katt < PROPMALE > . 
is back to the grind . Why do weekdays seem SOOOO long and the weekend SOOO short ? 
is totally and completely confused and confounded . Ugh . 
would rather be at home in bed , asleep ! 
is giving my testimony tonight at Castle Hills First Baptist Church in San < PROPFIRST > . 
says Mr. Jones and me . 
is loving life ! 
Can anybody tell me why only some of my friends ' posts show up on my wall and other people's dont ? C'mon , Facebook friends , somebody's got a tech support answer for me !! 
is looking forward to the weekend ! 
has just caught up with some ole high school freinds . WHOA ..... where the hell did 17 years go ?? 
says thanks to all veterans who served and remembers the fallen American heros who died fighting for freedom . Remember why you are BBQing today people !! 
sayz give ' em the ole razzle dazzle ...... 
is THRILLED to have connected with some of my peeps from high school !! 
is going to see Sex and the City tonight with my homie Lisa ..... can't wait !! 
didn't get to the movie ... going Sunday ! 
saw Sex and the City by myself yesterday in the spirit of true singlehood . Loved every minute of it . Hated to see it end . Reminds me of my days when I had my own place . 
is a grown up ... when did this happen and how to I make it stop !!!??? 
shakes it like a polaroid picture !! 
is , as always , super happy that it's Friday !! 
is enjoying a lazy Saturday ! 
is in love with Fox Mulder . 
wants to pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars . I could really use a wish right now . 
I just had a < PROPFEMALE > contact me and ask me to donate clothes for starving children . I told em , F*#@ off ! Anyone who fits into my clothes ain't starving !! 
is remembering the good ole days ! 
will brave the ridiculous , hot , sticky heat this weekend to check out Berges Fest ! 
is a HIGHLY motivated TRULy dedicated college student this weekend ! 
is looking forward to celebrating my precious nephew's first year on Earth this weekend in H-Town ! 
........ and the fork ran away with the spoon . 
wants to be a billionaire ... so freakin ' bad ! 
on my way to see my nephew in H-Town !!! 
is riding with a HIGH maintenance traveler . 
is one bad motor scooter ! 
is an HTML guru . 
..... start by admitting from cradle to tomb .... it isn't that long a stay .... life is a cabaret , ole chum , and I love a cabaret !! 
....... 1-2-3-4 , I love the < PROPFEMALE > Corps ! 
is walkin ' on sunshine ! 
doesn't feel like there are ever enough hours in the day ! 
is on a roll . 
is having difficulty making sense of things I dont remember . 
is ridin ' solo . 
is making some VERY hard decisions . 
is PRAYING for a positive outcome ... wontcha pray with me , people ? 
................... didnt get the apartment . Boo hoo and stuff . 
............ back in the game ..... maybe found a better place ... yall keep praying for me ! 
doors closing in < PROPFEMALE > face everywhere I turn . Ugh . 
ok , peeps , third time is the charm ..... feeling VERY positive about this one !! Keep ur fingers crossed and say a prayer for me !! 
got the apartment got the apartment got the apartment got the apartment got the apartment GOT THE APARTMENT !!!! Praise God ! Thanks everyone for your prayers !!! 
Glad to be back in Boerne -home , sweet , home . 
No regrets , I'm blessed to say , the old me's dead and gone away . 
Today was a good day ! 
........... it's official . I am out of denial . I can no longer ignore the obvious . I am addicted to Facebook . 
I have now spent more than $ 1,000 on deposits alone this week . Ladies , it aint easy bein ' independent . 
I dont know what it really is ..... I can only tell you what it feels like .... 
is tha bomb like tick , tick . 
is feelin ' like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine ! 
..... all that I'm after is a life full of laughter . 
Last night in the house . Moving into the apartment tomorrow . 
in the new apartment . ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ !!! 
..... it's just me . 
knows it takes courage to grow up and become who you really are . 
is old enough to know better , but still too young to care ! 
says five to one , baby , one in five , no one here gets out alive ........ your ballroom days are over , baby . 
just got done watching < PROPMALE > , Season 4 . Man , that show rocks ! 
Two years ago today I was supposed to marry this jackass I was dating . Today , I would like to say THANK GOD I didn't marry him ! It's better to have loved and lost than live with a psycho the rest of your life ! 
is starting my first day of my very last semester at the University of < PROPMALE > today . WOW , I can't believe it's finally here ! Bachelor's degree , here I come !! 
stands alone . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . 
hopes this weekend goes by very very very slowly so I can enjoy every single second away from the editor's desk . 
just got the LAST thing outta my old house . FINALLY !!! 
needs a new couch ... which reminds me that I had a bad ass , brand new couch and this dumbass I used to date still has it and gets to watch TV with his new fiance while he sits on it which makes me resentful all over again . 
has pretty much decided I'm going to pursue my PhD . 
has been sooooooo sick the last few days , but I think I'm gonna live to fight another day . 
is catching up . 
is in love with Netflix . 
is wishing my beautiful < PROPFEMALE > a happy birthday . 999 ! Miss you dahling ! 
says airplane , airplane , sorry I'm late . I'm on my way so don't close that gate . 
wrecked my Lexus . I am SO upset . Yall , pray that the bodyman can work some magic and fix it so it doesn't have to get totalled out . I do NOT want a new car , I love Lexy . 
is bummed . They are \totalling\ " my car . Ugh . " 
wishes things were different . 
loves Pop Tarts . 
needs a vacation . 
says T.G.I.M.F.F. 
is blank . 
is coming out on the other side . 
is losing my grip . 
is back on solid ground again . Whew ! 
could use a dream or a < PROPFEMALE > or a wish to go back to a place much simpler than this . 
wonders if a 32 year old woman can have mid-life crisis ? 
TGIF and stuff ! 
has a new couch . FINALLY . 
says word to yo mutha ! 
has cable , internet , a couch and a new TV . Now all I need is a life . 
is living vicariously through my girls on Desperate Housewives . 
is happy to report that Lexy is back home safe , good as new . 
... clowns on the left of me , jokers on the right ... stuck in the middle with me . 
is going to be a weirdo for Halloween . 
will never be anything but LOUD ! 
will be going to bed early tonight ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
is having a GREAT day today , people , a GREAT day ! 
can't get the pink spray outta my hair from when I was a weirdo for Halloween !! 
got a $215 traffic ticket dismissed this morning . YES ! There are few greater triumphs than beating the system . 
Happy birthday , USMC !!! 
A sincere thanks to all our nation's veterans -thank you for protecting and defending freedom .... Happy Veterans Day to us !! 
... if the Army and the Navy ever step on Heaven's scenes , they will find the streets are guarded by United States Marines !! 
will be at FUMC tomorrow promoting my GODBOXes at the craft fair . 
Monday . Monday . 
Bidi bidi bom bom . 
is doing schoolwork . ugh . socloseandyet sooooooo far ! 
wants somethin else to get me through this semi-charmed kind of life . 
....... back in the day , when I was young , I'm not a kid anymore , but some days I sit and wish I was a kid again . 
is happy to be alive today . 
made cornbread last night for the very first time and it was actually edible . 
will be chained to the computer all weekend finishing schoolwork to GRADUATE !!! WHOO HOO !!! 
is chained to the computer doing schoolwork . 
.. hey peeps : get your Christmas shopping with Amidst Angels ! Go check out my GODBOXes folder to see my inventory . REMEMBER : I take special orders !! 
h o m e w o r k 
t u r k e y 
...... wow ... just personally verified that Limewire is under a permanant court injunction to stop alllowing file sharing . I'm off to the control panel to click \remove program . \"" 
must .... finish ...... college ..... 
c r a n b e r r y s a u c e 
Until the end of November , change your profile picture on Facebook to an image from a cartoon from your childhood . The goal of the game ? Not to have a single human image on Facebook , but a celebration of our collective childhood memories for the space of a week or two . Forward ... this and spread the word ! 
The best way to approach college projects ...... if you can't dazzle ' em with brilliance , baffle ' em with bullshit !! 
Happy Turkey < PROPFEMALE > , everyone ! I am thankful for you ... may God bless you and your family this Thanksgiving . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . SMOOCHES ! 
COME ON YALL LETS DO THIS !!! Until the end of November , change your profile picture on Facebook to an image from a cartoon from your childhood . The goal of the game ? Not to have a single human image on Facebook , but a celebration of our collective childhood memories for the space of a week or two . Forward ... this and spread the word ! 
Poor little tink tink . 
...... OMG ...... someone stole my identity and ran up a bunch of charges on my credit card . UGH ! 
... y'all don't understand ..... I aint scared of you mothertruckers ....... 
......... it's just comedy ............ 
I Love everyone . You have made my 33 years the most amazing journey a girl could ever ask for ! Thanks for being a part of my life . BESOS !! 
is livin la < PROPFEMALE > loca ! 
is it Friday yet ? 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas !! 
Rockin ' around the Christmas tree , at the Christmas party hop ! 
You're a mean one , Mr , Grinch . You really are a heel ! 
..... it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with me , myself and I !! 
Yultide carols being < PROPFIRST > by a choir and folks dressed up like Eskimos . 
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas .... only a hippopotamus will do 
I met a man who lived in Tennessee ..... he was a-headin ' for Pennsylvania and some homemade punkin pie !! 
Walking in a winter wonderland ! 
Tis the season to be jolly ! 
< PROPFEMALE > baby , fill my stocking with a duplex , and checks\ 
Sign your ' X ' on the line < PROPFEMALE > baby , and hurry down the chimney tomorrow tonight ! 
Silent night , holy night . All is calm , all is bright . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone ! 
Back to living a normal life . Hate it when Christmas ends . 
little boxes made of tickytacky , little boxes all the same . 
Just found out my ex got married yesterday . Ouch . 
Game on . 
2011 , ready or not , here we come ...... 
is movin on up , to tha West side , with a deluxe apartment in the sky ! 
... this has been THE slowest day in American history !! 
can't complain . 
You and I wake up naked in jail together . Using ONLY 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along !! 
............ hurry up , Friday ... hurry up ! 
is having one of those days . 
YO YO YO !!!! 
Life is fun with its twists and turns as everyone of us sometimes learns . 
I am so mad I could SCREAM ........ 
gheez . sometimes people are so retarded I wonder how they make it through the day . 
