Washington had better be ready for this . We are heading out at the ass-crack-o-dawn tomorrow . \ 
\ 
I hope they kno what they are getting themselves into- mua ha ha ha ha- 

We have arrived in Chyanne . The roads were great , an we made great time . Even have the rest of the afternoon for the boys to play , an relax out of the car . Captn . < PROPFIRST > was very upset throughout the trip , an Grace was perfect . lol . The boys did fight from time to time . Will started it- lol . 
turned in an application to caseys yesterday , mom has helped me get on the good side of the management . I still plan on keeping my job at the Rath Inn- its good exercise . My biggest issue is finding a reliable babysitter :-S . 
Just got finished putting the cribs back together- and the boys are tucked in . and i got to work tomrrow . w00t w00t 
Note to Self : Lighting yourself on fire is never a good idea- no matter what the leperchaun says . ;-) 
worked 10 rooms today , and got home and laid the boys down . Played with my dog and had to pull 12 ticks off of her ! Captain < PROPFIRST > was not happy , so afterwards i threw her a bone ( literially ) . 
Getting ready for work . Mama < PROPFEMALE > is watching the kids today , and im just gunna roll with the punches- but keep in mind .... Be Free and Dance in ur Undies !! 
LLLLLooonnggg day ! I'm beat ! didnt get off till 5:30 ! Its been one hell of a mothers day , but i was greeted by the ones who love me most , an that is what counts isnt it ? 
Kids r napping ( yay ) and im feeling all couped up , but with the nasty weather there really isnt nething to do . I cant wait for tomrrow , < PROPFEMALE > and i are going to get together now that she is back from school . w0t w00t ! 
Needs better friends . 
went to < PROPMALE > world today . kids screamed the whole time cuz they didnt nap lol . 3hrs till bedtime- lol 
\Too much time on my hands \"" 
It is sooo much nicer today than it has been all week ! woot woot ! I'm gunna get the boys together and go outside , maybe even to the park ! 
bbbbbboooooorrrrrreeeeedddddddddd 
mmmmmmm cheerieos for dinner . 
Kids are with their father . I went out and planted grass seed and played with Captain < PROPFIRST > ( my yellow lab ) . She has gotten neglected due to all the nasty weather , likes to point at turkeys lol . 
Filled out applications all day and i cant wait till my boys get home . 
my boys are FINEIALLY home . yay ! in bed safe and sound . just been cleaning up but im takeing a break- the night is still young . 
I go to work this morning . drop the kids off at the sitter , My manager has been really great about finding extra work for me . They are really trying to help me out , and i appreciate it greatly . 
My day turned amazeing after i got off work . I am the master of intimidation !!!!!! 
ATTENTION !!!!!!! As of today , there is aNEW\ 
PRIVACY setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares datawith\ 
i get to work for the rest of the week . YAY !!!! 
Say , you're me and I'm you and they all watch the things we do and like a\ 
smack of spite they threw me down the stairs haven't felt like this in \ 
years the great magnet of malicious magnanimous refuse\ 
Let me go and plunge me into the dead spot again\ 
That's where you go when theres no one else around it's just you and\ 
there was never anyone to begin with now was there ? 
Getting ready for work , he he he . the sitter if going to take the kids for a few extra hrs today , im going to try to tackle the lawn , if it dosent rain . Its getting awfully clowdy out . :-S 
Remember , your a wreck an accident \ 
Forget the freak your just nature\ 
Keep the gun oiled and the < PROPFEMALE > clean \ 
Shit , snort and blaspheme let the heads cool and the engine run \ 
because in the end everything we do , is just everything we've done . 
damn damn damn- apparantly they didnt get enough rooms out last night so i actually dont have to work today . aarrgg 
sooo sperm doner thinks he can come up here and just take the kids whenever he sees fit . if he fucking trys forceing his way in here he is going to get a nasty suprise . 
the boys r running off of no nap today , and they didnt really sleep last night . i kno sum boys who r going to bed early . than im going outside in the yard and am goin g to spend time with my poor , neglected baby girl . I really do owe < PROPFIRST > some quality time . 
mmmmmm < PROPFEMALE > tracks and watching drowning < PROPFEMALE > !!! he he he 
Going to work today . < PROPFIRST > has been working hard to find out who my babysitter is and i think he knows , now . im really nervous about leaveing , but i think i found a solution to the problem . We will see how it goes i guess- 
i got in trouble !!! I was in the fridge and i got out the apple juice to pour in a cup for myself , and < PROPMALE > runs up an says \Mama ! Juice is for the bebe . \ " and hands me < PROPMALE > bottle . lol i just about died of shock ! " 
\built to endure what this world has thrown at me . \"" 
Hey- i fell off the earth for a lil while . heh heh . Been seeing my sis and grandma , i had a really good time . Note to self : I heart whiskey . 
fml 
getting ready for work , its hard to wake up this morning- i havent really been sleeping again this week . getting ready for work and the kids have colds * dislike * but i have made arrangements to do some hanging out with a friend tonight , and im really excited !! just the unwind i need ( dont worry im not doing nething that might even hint twards the idea of getting in trouble ) . lol 
is staying out of trouble . had an interview at winnavegas , i think it went well . 
I can't tell if a straw ever saved a drowning man , \ 
but I know that a\ 
mere glance is enough to make\ 
dspair pause . For in truth , we who are\ 
creatures\ 
of impulse , are creatures of despair . -- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > -- 
Pain is inevitable but suffering is optional . 
I hoped on the scale and found out that in the past month i havew lost 20lbs . cool . 
ok lets see- today is payday ( woot ) an i need to go to the bank . wanted to make some plans with friends but it dosent look like thats going to work out today . We will prolly go to the park ! 
Getting ready for work . i need to move , to get a good job that is away from mo valley and get out of this shit hole of a town . 
i just cleaned the jeep , wash , wax , windows , interrior condnitioning , polished the roll cage ( the exposed areas neway ) , and polished the rims . That baby is sparkleing- heh heh heh . Mowed the lawn and cleaned the inside like crazy , cuz mom and dad r comeing home tomrrow !!!!!! woot !!!!! 
Too often , we lose sight of life's simple pleasures . Remember , when \ 
someone annoys you it takes 42 muscles in your face to frown BUT , it \ 
only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm and bitch-slap the motherfucker \ 
upside the head ... 
Is really getting sick of the people who would rather complain about my errors , with no reguard of their own . 
Dyeing my hair .... who can guess the new color ? 
My tough ass hair barely took to the dye . No big diffrence , but thats fine with me !!! 
lol i had to put up this funny pic of me . Last day of jr year , i had a blast ! 
Cant wait for the new KoRn cd !!!!! Comeing on July 13th , Korn III : Remember Who You Are !!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's niece & nephew week on Facebook . If you're an aunt or uncle , post\ 
this as your status with their name : Gabe , < PROPFEMALE > , Kole 
I work today , yay ! and its pay day , bigger yay ! 
I'm stuck between a rock an a hard place . :-S 
has lost her mind , if found please handle with care- it may blow at anytime . sorry for the inconvience . 
WONT DO THAT FOR ONLY TEN SKITTLES !!!!! 
A mistake is when you do something once , but if that thing is repeated again and again its called a Bad Habit . 
Beware the disease Idiotitis . Causes the brain to shut down and the mouth to keep talking . Thousands affected . May be contagious . Best defense : slap and run . 
Dont judge my maddness , by your sanity . 
Getting close , time to party hardy ! W00t !!!! 
Is running off of only a couple hrs of sleep , but it was worth it . had a great time last night !!!!! 
The storms are epic , an i get to go play in them today while im working !! YAY !!!!!! Cleaning motel rooms an playing in the mud ! Hey dad , can i borrow your Jeep ? XD lol 
Lemme just get this straight- I did not lose my mind . It ran away . Screaming . 
Did u kno that u can put \in bed\ " after ne sentance an it still makes sence ..... O_o ..... " 
Whatever dosent kill me ... had better run . 
is crazy ? I was crazy once ... they put me in a hole . There were rats there . I hate rats , they drive me crazy ... Crazy ? I was crazy once ... 
saves lives each day - because there are people out there that need to be shot , and I don't shoot ' em . 
Do many of us really know everybody on our \ 
FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to\ 
post how you met me . 
Wait a tick , I'm a VERY fair person- I listen to all the voices head an take all of their ideas into consideriation . >:-) 
Knows someone who didnt have a lifegurad on duty at their gean pool . 
Officially .... Today , Will has FINEIALLY been walking ! I'm so proud . 
Dear < PROPMALE > Brothers : Now that I'm an adult , I feel I'm am old enough to hear what the \Beep Beep\ " is hiding when Road Runner talks to Wile E . Coyote . " 
* sigh * I HATE DRAMA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! * Screams * 
I'm going to get out an have some fun an leave all the shit in the toilet where it belongs !!! 
He said that he wants to change an make things better , going to take it very slow and see if he actually means it this time . when i say slow ... i mean SLOW . 
had a great 4th , \WATCH FOR THE SMILIES !!!! \"" 
Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer . It didn't answer . I figure it's just waiting for the right moment . 
uh-oh . Ummmm , I'm in a pickle . I just got hired at foodland , an than i just got a phone call from mcdonalds- who i thought was foodland , an told them i wanted to start asap when i already am at foodland !!! I went from scavangeing for a job , to having too many- O_O Funny how life works .... 
finds it really funny that Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia is fear of long words . How do u tell people what your fear is ? \I have hippopo ... no I cant say it . \"" 
If cats always land on their feet , and toast always lands butter-side down , what happens if you strap that piece of toast to a cat and drop them off a building ? \ 
O_o 
... old macdonald had tourettes e-i e-i SHIT ... 
Yesterday .. a potty was bought ... today .... the potty training begins . Anyone have any helpful hints for potty training ? I'm totally in the dark- 
HIS UNDERWEAR IS GETTING SOILED FASTER THAN I CAN WASH THEM !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dare's you to right click your mouse and whatever your last ' copy ' was .. Paste it below ! 
We , the Unwilling , Lead by the Unknowing , Do the Impossible , For the benefit of the Ungrateful 
Whats the point of the pouring hole on < PROPMALE > n ' cheese if you have to open the box to get the packet of cheese anyway ?!?! 
Just by reading this status you have given me temporary control over your brain . * insert evil laugh here * 
Courage is not about having the stregnth to go on , its about going on when you have no more stregnth . 
knows a certain someone that can go fornicate themselves with an iron stick wrapped in rusted barbed wire . 
doesnt suffer from insanity , she enjoys every minute of it ! 
Is looking for an evil sidekick .. previous experience in sabotage , torture and chemistry advantageous .. applications and evil names below ... 
is thinking the voices in my head aren't looking out for my best interests 
omaha rollergirls are having tryouts on the 9th . I'm almost tempted if it didnt seem like a sport made for only skinny pretty girls to beat the shit out of eachother for a guys delight . i dont think they want big girls that are capeiable of REALLY bringing on the hurt- lmao 
would like to congratulate her co-workers for proving that even the people that lick the windows on the short bus can get a good job !! 
... Can someone to tell me why there is braille on drive thru ATM machines . Am I missing something here ?? 
HELL YEAH !!!!!!!! < PROPFIRST > HAS BEEN APPROVED FOR ACTIVE ARMY !!!! WE ARE GOING TO GET THE HELL OUT OF MISSOURI VALLEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > has learned a new song , an has been singing it all day . Itsie Bitsie Spider- lol awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 
Damn- everyone has Halo Reach cept for me ...... gah ! I hate being poor . 
poooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
:) 
i kill you ! 
i like birds ?????? 
what are you thinking about ? 
that pic takes me back 
how is everyone today 
< PROPFIRST > fucked with my facebook . try to ignore his stupidity . 
Home for a while today ... mom an dad are out shooting today an stage drivers in < PROPFIRST > this weekend- so im alone . Lil < PROPMALE > an I just got our puppy chores done an im thinking the folks would like it if i cleaned the house up some . The lawn is looking pretty shaggy so during nap time , i might tame it . 
Doing lots of laundry- going to try to get it all floded up before the folks get back . 
I hate it when people point at their wrist when they ask for the time . You don't point at your crotch when you ask where the restroom is . 
Thinks she has holloween worked out . Since we have been kinda short on funds , I think im just going to dress the boys up as zombies . Will didnt like being a cute lil monkey last year- i just need red food coloring < PROPFEMALE > corn syrup . mua ha ha ha ha 
wishes that robot unicorn attack : Heavy Metal was not just for the iphone . 
Dude , I was just looking at a google map of where we are going an i think i could spit on canada from there . ;-) 
zombie babies went awesomly , but than Will started howling an i had to remindhim that he was a zombie not a werewolf . lol 
Cant wait to get the hell outta here . i just want to be done . 
just want to crawl in a hole . actually i tink im going to- cell is down , but karls pone just in case anyone wants to get ahold of me ...... \ 
looking forward to sunday tho- 
Thx for all the happy birthdays folks !! 
Just got back from a road trip to Springfield Missouri , visited with < PROPFIRST > s grandma . it was nice . getting things packed up an moved this weekend . < PROPFIRST > is leaveing on the first . 
Eventful day , getting lots of cleaning/ packing done today ... an still have more to go . Mom called me today , she had found a puppy at the grochery store while she was working . Its a boy , 4lbs , looks like a yellow lab . Probably 3-4 weeks , an not eating hard food yet . He is a sweetie , im sure someone is looking for him . Meanwhile , just gunna look after him- gunna try not to fall in love- . 
well , all moved over- but still not done packing . lol , < PROPFIRST > , the boys , an i have been getting over a nasty illness . lil will has been taking it hard . woke up this morning to snow ! this is < PROPFIRST > s last day , an tomrrow i have to turn him over to the government- 
Well , this afternoon i have to drop < PROPFIRST > off to the recruiters office . Donno when exactly ill see him again , but it wont be too long . Dad fixed us an awesome breakfest this morning , even though he has to fast for a doctors appointment . I'm so full i think im going to burst . 
< PROPFIRST > is flying to Washington today , humph- I cant wait untill the boys an i get to join him . Meanwhile , i have plenty around here to keep me busy , an I'm going to start taking the boys to church with < PROPFIRST > s parents . 
BEER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So ... what are my chances of < PROPFEMALE > bringing me a Smith & Wesson 500 ? 
Change\ 
your profile picture to one of your favorite childhood cartoon \ 
characters and ask your friends to do the same . The point ? To have no \ 
human faces on Facebook by next Monday ( the 6th ) to fight child abuse . 
Today , gunna set up all of moms holiday stuff , :-) . 
Night time sucks when your alone . 
Going to find a movie an try to just chill out . 
Coffee ...... need coffee .... just hook it to my veins !!! O_o 
Ok , well , < PROPMALE > crashed out in the livingroom , im just going to let him be . Will an I are going to go outside an get some more holiday decour up ! :-) 
ANNOUNCEMENT : < PROPFIRST > just called me , an we can move within 30 days after the 27th of this month . :-) . we are planning for the first couple weeks in January . 
Just got to thinking , I dont have anyone who knows me before i moved to iowa . cept my fam of course . 
Just got done shopping for clothes ( Thx g-ma ! ) Now im lookin gooood ! :-) 
123 .. you are a cool customer , I wish we had a < PROPMALE > to get to know eachother better , but we have had sum fun . I hope your stomach is feeling much better than the last time we crossed paths- ;-) 
Mom just left for work , Dad is feeling really sick :-( . Meanwhile , I just got the kitchen clean , an now im working on everything else ..... an chaseing my boys in the process . Will is currently frustrated cuz he cant get a hat on his head . lol 
27 : During one of the darkest times of my life , you shead a lil light with your humor . You were always there as a friend to me , no matter what ill humored prank i pulled on you ! Chillin with spongebob .... he he he- i love u dude !!!!! 
123 : You are one of the first people i have ever talked to when i moved here . Though it makes me sad , how our lives have drifted us apart , but we shall always remain friends . You were always there for me , when beating the shit out of a chick in the locker room ... lmao ... good times , good times 
uhhh ... errrr ... ummm , i think im getting sick now too- \ 
damn it 
74 : We have known eachother a long time , lol , I remember dressing up for easter one year ... oooo , i remember one barn party- once upon a time . lmao , that was one crazy night . Though we are apart , friendship an memories know no bounds . 
6911 : Once upon a crazy summer ... lmao . We were like sisters at a time , an I do still miss that . We went through hell an back together , * an through a bottle or two ;-) * It makes me sad to see what we have become . 
121010 : Heh heh heh- We have had our ups an our downs , we can eaither get along great or hate eachother with the firey hot passion of a thousand suns , lol , but we always love eachother . You are an absolutely the most complex/ amazeing person i have ever met , so wise an creative , you have tought me alot but still always have new things about you that suprive me . I love you 
BITCHYNESS ALET : im sick . i miss my man . i hurtt everywhere . I'm cold . wahhhhh 
Evil Overlord Tip #37 - Black hides the bloodstains better than any other color . 
Is feeling much better today . The snow is horriable out , I do not plan to tempt fate . The boys are doing great , warm an snuggly . < PROPFIRST > wont leave her dog house for more than 30 seconds . < PROPFIRST > is expecting a flood in the areas surrounding the base , he he he . 
Im pissed off now . Dont you love it when ppl want to blame you for THEIR short cummings ?! Making < PROPMALE > an Cheese for supper , staying warm by the fire . 
so exausted . only got 3 hrs of sleep last night . The boys good streak ended as soon as we got home this morning . :-S 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world , who isn't\ 
perfect , but is perfect for you , who works hard and would do anything\ 
for you , who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best\ 
friend , and who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful\ 
for .. everyday , then post this as your status . I love you very much < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Just finished with the car , it sparkles ( on the inside at least ) an has that lovely new car aroma ! So tell me , are YOU interested in buying a four door Ford Contour ? Prices are negotiable .... ;-) 
Looks like I am going holiday shopping ... all by my lonesome . Well , I have my boys to keep me company , but they arnt the best conservationists- lol . Gunna head out to the city . Feeling awfully lonely today . < PROPFIRST > comes home on the 23 , cant wait ! \ 
On another note ... anybody you kno might be interested in a ford contour ? 4 doors , just got all the breaks re-done !!! Send me a Message if you have any inquiries !!! 
Well got the shopping for all the cousins done yesterday . Did really well for myself , i do believe . Still have to do shopping for Karls side ( really hard to shop for ) so when he gets home on THIS COMING THURSDAY ( sry a lil excited lol ) we will go finish the shopping together . I also need to get Captain < PROPFIRST > a present , a large dog crate . 36in long 32in high , for my car . She doesen't travel well * nervous pooper * 
I LOVE MY DECRYPTED LIL MIND !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Jones , that was a great b-day party . Really want that picture of me an that Coyote ! I made it home safe an sound , an i feel that having a night out with friends has really recharged my batteries ! \ 
Thanks Mom , I love u !!! 
A < PROPMALE > posted this an after seeing , lol i must share . Got to Google , type in How to find < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , hit the I'm feeling lucky button !! bua ha ha ha ha-\ 
seriously ... do this . 
lol , < PROPMALE > picks out all the M&M from the trail mix ... lol 
On my hands an knees , scrubbing moms floor while she is at work . 
awww , wills big brother is a meanie . < PROPMALE > keeps locking him in the laundry room ... poor < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is traumatized . \ 
Spaghetti for supper tonight ! 
im pooped 
The Boys are breaking out in fevers this afternoon ... :-( . 
awww , Poor < PROPMALE > is breaking out in a fever again . Will is just very cranky , but at least he dosent have a temp as well . My poor lil metal-tots- No body feels good today ... but later DADDY COMES HOME !!!! ITS TODAY ! ITS TODAY ! ITS TODAY ! lol I have missed him alot ! 
Cant wait . cant wait . cant wait .... CANT WAIT !!!! Karls flight was delayed for a bit , but he is up an out now .... At least < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > an Gabe are here now .... so now its not so lonely . :-D 
Karls new flight shoud be landing a lil after 9 . I am giving the boys sum cold medicine , an going to put them to bed b4 he gets back . The way things have been going , im sure they will both wake up with rageing temperatures , an daddy will be there to make them feel all better . <3 
Yay !!! He is home !!! 
~ * ! ANNOUNCEMENT ! * ~ \ 
2518 D Barber Dr. , Ft . < PROPFIRST > WA , 98327 . \ 
THIS IS MY NEW ADDRESS AS OF < PROPFIRST > 2 . CONSIDER YOURSELF NOTIFIED !!!!! 
... 736 < PROPMALE > later .... lol We made it to our hotel outside Boise . That was one hell of a drive today- an i came to a realization ... I FUCKING HATE UTAH !!!!!!! We plan to be up at 5 , an out by 6 , an hopefully make it to our new home early in the afternoon ..... 500 errr odd < PROPMALE > to go .... BRING IT ON !!!!!!!!! 
Well ... here i am . Long time no talk- Just chilling at the Class 6 , just bought a dearly needed bottle , an waiting for clothes to get done at the launderette . Its getting really fucking lonely . My bottle helps keep me sane , so there's a plus . 
at the class six again . just got vinnys birthday shopping done . He is getting playdough(an accessories ) an a bike ! lol . Things here are going good , starting to get more settled- I am missing everybody tho . 
Got a couch today ! Pretty nice one , that was getting thrown out . Will is going through a phase where he wont eat anything unless it is in sandwich form .. goulash sandwich , orange chicken sandwich , spaghetti sandwich .... that boy ... lol 
