Happy New YEAR !!! Im so glad 2010 is over it was good but couldve been way better . I will miss you . But now i cant wait to see what wonderful fortunes 2011 bring !!! Hope you all have a good one . 

so bord nothin 2 do 
so bored 
livin life 
i shot the sheriff but i didnt shoot the deputy no no no 
cant sleep got a < PROPMALE > headache 
U need 2 b mindful of wat u say . Words can mess everthing up . 
God thankyou for answering my prayers and putting so many wonderful people in my life 
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself , is it considered a hostage situation ? 
Isn't it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do \practice ? \"" 
What do you do when you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant ? 
Hey , mum ! Why are we pushing the car off the < PROPMALE > ? Shut up son , you'll wake your father 
Thanx every1 who wished me a happy b'day n < PROPFEMALE > xmas had a blast hope u all did 2 !!!!! :) (: 
friendships can fade . Family is forever 
im movin on up the highschool and i was jus accepted into Cass im so happy all of my friends made !!!!! 
Yay on my wayout of town so ecited ddnt have 2 go 2 school but ima miss my friends and family !!! 
I survived the supposed rapture today because only my GOD knows when he wants me to come home !!! 
Yay jus got back from the conference had so much fun can't wait to go back next year but I'm glad to be back chilling with the family 
Im hacking my diary ' s pagee you so awesome < PROPFEMALE > loves you \ 
<3 
Yay so happy I DONT HAVE SCHOOL cuz we dont have air conditionin so if u go to farwell u dont have school tomoro !!!! 
Happy Father's Day to my dad and all the dads in the world hope u have a wonderfull time 
Somedays im the pigion and somedays im the statue -Really now .... 
Happy 4th of July to evryone hope you have fun today !!! ;( l ) -Really now .... 
Ugghhh i gotta get up at 4:30 in the morning nd go off to cass nd waste my time doing nthin up at the school for 7 hours for 2weeks 2 freakin weeks so p.o. Rite now if tht aint crazy idk what is ugh y me y now y 2weeks !!! 
1 2 -Really now .... 
< PROPMALE > Rodriguez 
Best picin < PROPFEMALE > it aint nthin lke havin good food , people u dnt knw , and bad weather all mixed in 2 one .... Goodtimes goodtimes goodtimes ..... 
My #1BESTFRIEND finally got a boyfriend i thnk she betta cuz if she < PROPFEMALE > she goin 2 b in big trouble !!! lmao bout 2 b blowin up her fone 
............... 
Cass is awesome had so much fun on the first day cant wait to see what lays ahead !!! :) 
