It's good to hear that most of you are excited for the new year . It's a little sad to hear that so many of you had a bad 2009 . Think happy thoughts starting now !! 

I think I'm actually starting to get a little bored with < PROPMALE > ! 
After being sick , is it a good or bad thing to be craving chinese food ? 
Getting anxious for my vacation 
Peace out < PROPMALE > . See you in a week ;) 
Soooo tired ... but Colorado is truly amazing ! Rafting , Ziplines , Monuments , ans sunshine . Just Beautiful :) 
I am the lving dead ! Night night world 
HAPPY 4TH !!!! BE SAFE :) 
Ok , I just promised myself not to overwork this week ! ~ 
Since when did Colorado get so bug infeseted , grrr ! 
Some in Colorado Might call this the rainy summer . I think it should be remembered as the Summer of Rainbows 
I HEART < PROPMALE > POTTER 
EVENTUALLY ..... ** sigh ** 
Goodbye Meow !!! I Love you :( 
I STILL heart < PROPMALE > Potter ! 
Why is it that amazing food makes you exhausted ? Oh I know ; You eat WAY too much of it !! 
Sad ... it seems a lot of people were scared last night with the tornado and storm . I hope everyone is all right because there sure are a lot of comments on here from when it was happenening 
It takes something bad or sad to happen to remember to just have faith 
Will this day ever end ? 
It seems when I'm reading a really good book , I become a hermit . 
I only slept like 2.5 hours last , and I am still awake . It most likely means I am now 15% Zombie 
Work before vacation just drags too much 
“All human wisdom is summed up in two words - wait and hope” ~ ~ Alexandre Dumas Père quotes 
See you guys later . I'll be back on the 10th 
enjoying my perfect day in Iowan paradise 
I don't love him for who he is ... but who he STRIVES to be ! 
I swear I'm a Vulcan . I'm more logical than emotional . What does that leave me with ? No love life ! Dating has no logic to it 
< PROPFEMALE > and I found the PERFECT house to rent ... and there's a middle aged couple going after it as well . We gave them a thank you card with our applications ... what else can we do ? We already decorated the house in our minds . 
How ridiculous . Random insomnia ... and I'm thinking about work ?! 
OH MY GOOOOODDDD !!! WE GOT THE HOUSE WE WANTED . OMG OMG OMG . This might just be the best night of the year ! 
FINALLLYY .. I got a full night of sleep . It's been almost 2 weeks and I feel , well , awake ! 
I think our new landlord is like the nicest man ever . Because we don't have patio furniture yet , they bought us some for us because they saw a uard sale . 
spray painting my dresser is way fun .. I am a regular Michaelangelo 
Everyone is very happy that it's Friday . I might get to enjoy that someday . As for all of you though ... Happy Friday ! 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes . I had the best birthday celebration this year ! 
It's weird being on the internet only one time a week . But at least we got satellite today ! Yay , Game Show Network 
I'm bored and you know why ? Because I'm a travel Junkie and I don't have my next trip planned ! 
That was a really fun rockies game to be at !! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status , you'll be surprised what people remember about you .. 
Life is such a roller coaster , * sigh * 
There is a significant sized fire burning at the house across the street from us , and there are a bijjillion firemen around . We have come to learn that the dog that lives there is alright ! 
Rocktober died 
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music 
So I want to be a rock < PROPFEMALE > for Halloween . I went to the thrift store and found a speckled purple pleather jacket(for $2 ) ... It's simply amazing ! So i'm going 80's Rocker now . 
Wow , This \Swine\ " H1N1 is quite frankly rather scary . It's gotten to everyone ! " 
Yesterday was simply ... Amazing ! :) 
\The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon \"- Unknown So don't freak about your age anymore people . It only goes downhill ! " 
A good quote for the season : Caution : Witch's parking . Violators will be toad . 
It's party time . Purple pleather Jacket , Here I come !! 
I wish I could have saved every beautiful moment of my life in a jar for everyone to see . I LOVE MY LIFE ! 
Happy Halloween ! A good day ahead . Costumes , A potluck , and a date . ;D 
The Street Sweeping Nazi's stole 25 of my dollars :( 
What does it mean when you're sad because you have a weekend off from work ???? 
* Sigh * 
My mind is busy busy . Is it vaca time yet ?? 
A night on the snowy town . That's what being a native is all about 
It should be illegal to have to drive in the snow on a Sunday 
OMG ... We're really going in a Hot Air Balloon 
Whoa , All my friends status uodates the past couple of days are all positive . Cheers to all of you and having no complaints . I also had an amazing weekend 
All I need to know is Thanksgiving is tomorrow , and I'm going to be smiling all day TODAY because of it ! 
I'm thankful for each and every one of you , even you facebook 
Can a tree survive without her planter ??? Yes she can ! 
That was the most amazing , random , crazy night .... and i LIKED it !! 
YUMMMMMM 
Is happy to be on the internet . My power cord broke for my laptop . 
Does anyone have a spare TMobile cell phone I can borrow for awhile ? 
Phone situation got fixed !! AND I'm not feeling ill today . My body knows it's Christmas week 
It's sad to see so many vacant buildings this time of year . I am happy to have noticed that the public has been a bit nicer this year , which is opposite of what I anticipated 
THANK YOOOOOUUUU !! The promtion I've been dreaming about for far too long 
I wish I had the < PROPFEMALE > that I used to have . :o { 
Well the Broncos game was lots of fun , even though there was a lot of ridiculous things going on . Thanks Cat !! 
Maroon with Pink Polka Dots 
Now a little closure has been made , I can be excited for my trip to Seattle . Woot , Woot . Yes it will be raining , but a steaming hot 50 degrees ! ( Sizzling Noises ) 
Procrastinated packing , is the ONLY kind of packing 
Adios Colorado !! 
Wow , United Airlines was Massive Mess today !! I'm glad to be in the non-rain and safe at home :) 
A good evening ahead ! 
I'm due for a health kick !!! So the new goal is : 10 Lbs . :) Bring it on ! 
i love my mom ! ? For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste this on your status ! Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate ! 
The tortilla for a Chipotle burrito is 300 friggin calories !! Not worth consuming at this point , unless I plan on running a marathon 
\Gratitude is the fairest < PROPFEMALE > which springs from the soul . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beecher " 
How the heck can you sleep for 3 hours , then be WIDE awake 3 hours later at 2 AM ???!!! 
This week starts Look-a-like week .. during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been toldyou look like ... post this to your profile and message your friends with it ! This should be FUN !!! :D 
Needs to escape !!! 
\Everyone is born without Anger \"" 
I'm looking forward to having a productive week :) 
I can surprise myself . I forget sometimes ! 
I want to be in Vegas NOW ! Meanwhile , Congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > on their engagement ... Woo hoo 
Good Morning World ... Have a great week !! 80 ) 
So I gotta say , when somebody passes away and doesn't sign into their Facebook anymore .... It's really irritating that there's a prompt to remind you every day to \Re-Connect\ " with them . Is there anyway we can make an official complaint ?? " 
LOL . I'm trying to find some people on here , but the timing is horrible becuase nearly all of them are pics of celebritites ! 
My name in the urban dictionary : 1 . One of the coolest people you will ever meet . She is always there when you need her . She likes to kiss her guy friends . She got that cashflow . Drives a silver mustang , and dont take shit from no one . I'm not posting meaning 2 , because it's embarassing 
OFF to Vegas , for the 4th year in a row !! Let's see what happens :) 
So Earrrllllyy ... Ok , so not really but my body seems to think it's 4AM or something . 
Hahaha . < PROPFEMALE > White !! 
I love gift-giving !!!! 
Pet Peeve : Someone asks you to be friends on Facebook . You write something on their wall or perhaps a message , and they don't ever reply ! So , why did we become \friends\ " again ? " 
So why on my day off , did I wake up at 7 : 30 ?? That's just plain silly 
Misplaced my phone in my own house ... urgh !! I'm pretty sure it's dead too . I get to track inch by inch until found , yay :) 
Looking for that missing piece 
I'm addicted to chips and salsa !! Mmmmmm 
A weekend off !! 
Going to the Capitol to protect the Payday < PROPFEMALE > Industry ! Let me know if anyone is willing to support this financial option as well as my job :) 
The good thing about turkey bacon is doesn't smell nearly as bad when burnt 
The snow kinda ruined our volleyball plans .... ridiculous !!! 
NOW I can feel the time change 
Regardless of what ya'lll think , I'm < PROPFEMALE > . No I do not look it , but the accent is coming out right now !! 
I only had to drive 5 blocks to drive home from work , and a drunk driver almost slammed into me ... totally not cool green beer ! 
I need a hobby .. Any suggestions ? 
Making progress ! 
Washington Park is PACKED today , but what an amazingly nice day it's been 
Those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad . ~ Norm Papernick 
It takes a lot to get me angry , and this snow has officially made me angry . Maybe I'll go throw a few snowballs to get the frustration out 
I forget how relieving spring cleaning can feel !! 
Ummm , I think my Wednesdays are cursed . I tend to be scheduled off on that day , but always end up working . 
I have faith that this sunshine will give me energy for the next couple of days 
Thank God I have Easter off this year , I've really missed it . Thanks for working < PROPFEMALE > and Happy Easter to all of you ! 
Woah , what an amzaing day !! 
I don't think I've ever woken up because of the sound of hail at 8AM before , strange !! 
Oh , how I love short days and coming home to eat turkey bacon ... mmmm ! 
Oh , I am so ready for the fabulous weather this weekend . Do yourself a favor and find yourself in it !! 
FINALLY got to sleep in . I haven't slept this late in a couple of months !! And now it's time to get out in the weather on my day off . Have s good day everyone 
This weekend was friggin awesome !! 
I'm needing a Vaca real bad right about now !! 
I can't get enough of Sunflower Market's Produce , so juicy and delicious ! 
I'm STILL tired .. Wish I could recover 
* sigh * If only sleep sounded appealing right now 
It's time to turn all of this around , Move forward and never look back ! Who's coming with me ?? 
Having a dead car battery does not help with setting the example of punctuality . I'm hoping that one more thing of mine doesn't break in the next week , or I'm running away to Australia 
Everybody is so ... Married , with children ! 
Strange , some of my best weekends are the ones where I work both days 
Going to speak with some Senators to fight for my job , yet again . Wish us luck ! 
Thank God for TheraFlu 
mmm , I want pie ! 
I'm pretty sure I was meant to be born in Britain 
< PROPMALE > should legalize ' Birthday Suits ' tonight . I don't feel like wearing any of the clothes I've got ! 
I'm pretty sure my lung is on the floor right now , from coughing too much . I better suck it up . I have another 48 hour week coming up . Bright Side ? OVERTIME $$ 
I don't feel like I'm losing EVERYTHING , but pretty damn close 
OK , fresh start . Is it possible ? I don't know , but I have to < PROPMALE > 
This is the time to be in blackhawk 
inspire 
I'm totally in heaven . These peeps know how to rock the karaoke !! 
It's sad to think that a lot of people are driven mostly by fear . I refuse to become one of them . 
I'm craving a colorful night . bring it on denver !! ~ 
What an amazing weekend :) 
Homemade Ribs , The Melting Pot . I don't know if any of my other food will even compare !! 
Yay , bowling ! 
My Hero of the Day : Excedrin . Caffeine and Pain Relief 
I don't even know where this path begins , and I already despise it 
Random ... and amazing ! 
~ ~ It sounds like common sense , but even the slightest little hangover does not mix well with amusement park rides ~ ~ 
A slight relief this evening thanks to my friend , now hopefully I can actually sleep !! 
2 Down , 4 To Go ! 
I'm celebrating today because I have shift shorter than 10 hours ... Woohoo 
Well , as they say ... Blitzkrieg !! 
Praying that the day goes by quickly 
I feel like I just had 6 long Monday's in a row 
Finally watched the LOST finale . I didn't think they could wrap it up , but I definitely enjoyed it ! 
Do they have rehab for workaholics ? 
Ugh , it is way too early to be awake on a holiday weekend and my only day off this week . There must be sacrifice for fun things . Going to be on the boat , all day long !! 
What an amazing time !! Smiles to last for days . Thanks to Rome with his boat buying and operating skills , and everyone who was there today ! My bruises and sunburn only remind me of how fun it was :) 
I feel like I'm the only one that doesn't like glee ... and I used to be a choir girl . Have I failed my fellow musicians ? 
There are a lot of men out there who like Twilight , who aren't admitting it 
I finished my 6 day work week , yay . It wasn't so bad , I went boating , to Elitch's , and now a BBQ . GOOD stuff :) 
I'm starting to get used to these 11 hour shifts ... Does that mean I can start doing regular things again ?? 
Craving Structure 
Feeling like someone else these days 
I just downloaded Google Chrome , and it's WAY faster than internet explorer . Ca-razy . I always thought my computer was slow ( and it it does spell check) !! 
Perfect day to have off ... I'm off on a half day bike ride ! 
Tell everyone how much you love them today . Don't wait . Those moments are too precious to waste ! 
Let's see what the day will bring . I hope it involves some true laughter and smiles ! 
There's nothing like an $8 margarita ... HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFIRST > !! 
There was a trailer released for Deathly Hallows and I didn't even know it !! 
To my mother who did the job of being my mother and my father . She would take me to soccer practice , cook , clean , work , fix my car , cuss when assembling things , take me fishing , and even taught me how to tie a tie ( haha ) . Happy Father's Day Mom ! 
It felt like a semi-crummy day until I bit into this delicious Spicy Chicken Sandwich ... now I could conquer the world !! 
Holy Crap .... I did a lotta stuff today ! Hoping for a good day tomorrow 
The 3 J's: Jogging , Jerky , and Juice 
The next couple of weeks are going to be packed with craziness ... good , but crazy ! 
Ahhh yeeaahh !! I'm excited for today :) 
Wow , that was one of the best days I have in a long while ! My family is awesome and the weather was amazing for a BBQ . Love you guys ! 
I'm losing < PROPFEMALE > , which i have always valued as one of my characteristics . It's hard to keep up when it's being tested at so many angles 
Yikes , it's getting light outside !! 
VACA in 12 days !! I am already tired waking up and it's going to be an incredibly busy , 12 hour shift . Today will require a 5 Hour Energy or 2 . 
< PROPFEMALE > semana mas ! 
Looking for a place to live ... Wish me Luck ! 
Dear Grandpa , I miss you everyday . Thank you for visiting me in my dreams . I'm going to do just as mom is asking me to do , and make someone's day by doing an act of kindness in your memory . Also , no fighting either , because I know you wouldn't have liked that :) We love and miss you 
I've worked 48 hours the past 5 days , and in the next 3 days I'm working 30 more . I think I'm going to be more ready for a vacation than anyone I know ! 
I've got my game face on ! Two more shifts , a little bit of packing and then I'm outta here 
Mmm ... Chili's was good . Chicken , Margaritas , and good company ! 
7 days , 73 hours . Now it's okay for me to come out of \Robot Mode\ " and start living . I cannot believe it's actually time to go . Iowa here I come . Everyone stay safe and have a GREAT week . " 
I'm FINALLY back . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Rome are amazing people and I < PROPFEMALE > having each of them in my life . We went through some really great memorable times and through the friggin ' gutter and back this past week . Thank you to you two for being who you are . You make me smile and keep me strong !! < PROPFEMALE > is out of the hospital . I'm happy to be a live and healthy ! 
I am RIDICULOUSLY EXCITED right now . Here I was all stressed about finding a place to live and I found the PERFECT house to rent just five blocks away . It's an older house but an amazing deal :) !!! ? 
I'm almost to my one day off in a 12 day stretch . What should I do with this day ?? 
3 more weeks and this insanity is over . Maybe I'll stop being so sensitive when I have a normal person's schedule . What will it be like to only work 40 hours a week ? I have no idea ... it's been almost 4 months . 
I'm a making a playlist for my friends wedding . I've got more than enough romantic songs . I need some booty shakin ' suggestions for dancing 
Wow , Strange strange past couple of weeks . The good things that are happening are straight up amazing . Where as the bad things are true tragedies . I don't know how the heck to feel ! So , moving forward . 
Boo . I have to start getting to ready to move ! Yay , I get to listen to sweet tunes while packing ! 
Off of work , and hoping for the rest of the weekend to be good . What shall I end up doing ? First step , get pretty . Step 2 , go and be pretty with other people and smile a lot ! 
I want to do something fun today . < PROPFIRST > Fest is out ! What to do ? 
I wish 
You wish ....? 
I am not getting sick . I am not getting sick ! 
Front row concert , beers , happy mom , and perfect weather . i may have a cold , but i am in heaven 
:) * sigh * :) 
2 Words : WARPED TOUR !! 
Yay for cleaning and doing yard work all day , with no air conditioning ! 
Tonight is the last night that I'll have a roommate for a very long time . How peculiar ! Good luck Sallly J , you deserve the best 
If I am going full circle , at least the circle is gettting bigger 
\HE IS THE CHEESE TO MY MACARONI\ " ~ JUNO " 
Home from work by 2:30 . Ate some Kokoro , now it's time for a nap ! Ahhh , yeeeaah 
Since I can't afford to go to Australia , I'm going there right now(in my dreams <3 ) 
The hard things in life . :( RIP Mr. VanBeek . You always managed to put a smile on my face and were caring and loving towards your family in such a kind way . You will be missed . 
Do I get a second vaca ?? PA-Leeeaase 
I wish I could say my one day off was a good one . Instead I'm upset 
\So what if this world throws me off the edge ? \ " ~ ~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
Unexpected Goodbye's:one of the hardest parts of life . Do yourself a favor and hug the ones you love ... RIGHT NOW ! 
Wow , life gets weirder and weirder ... but more interesting as time goes on . 
Finally ... a decent day . 
To my Stephy and Katie : You light my world like a Prizm : Brilliant with color ! Love you guys ... you keep my world complete <3 
it's already one of those dreaded ' challenging days ' 
So .. i'm in a bit of a tight spot . I was not able to move this weekend . I must move tonight . Is anyone available around 4:30 to just help with the heavy stuff ? I can get the boxes myself . I will totally buy you a < PROPFIRST > JOHN'S sub !! 
Almost done with the < PROPFIRST > house forever . I'm excited about my new house ! I have a lot of plans in store for it :) 
I might never move again . That sounds amazing . 25 times is more than enough to last a lifetime ! 
Yea !! New clothes that actually fit for work ~~~ now I get to go camping and actually get to start putting my new house together 
Camping was amazing ... happy bday rome . 
Stuck at work 
Next wednesday will be the first day in 2 months where I have no prior committments or obligations . I might just turn my phone off and sleep for half of the day 
Wow , you guys are amazing ! I may have had to work on my birthday but it was amazing getting all your happy thoughts throughout the day . Thanks everyone 
Yes , it is friday and I do get the weekend off . It's gonna be jam packed full of craziness . Sat : 8A dish network then 2bbqs and a huuuge party . Sun : 9AM 5K Jog and then a party that I'm hosting . Where does sleeping occur ? 
Ready for the 5k and party today ! Bring it on < PROPMALE > 
My observations from moving are as follows : 1 . My cat hates me right now 2 . I have to get good at catchin huge effin wolf spiders 3 . Red beer still tastes good . That is all 
Yup . I admit it . I'm addicted to pho 
Oohhhh , how people play to their audience 
Nervous about using this eletric mower . Everyone keeps saying to not run over thr cord , yikes . Wish me luck 
I'm so siked . It's such an amazing feeling when trouble makers leave your life . It's time to celebrate ! 
Jamba , save me from this evil cold 
Yea , I bought my first lawn mower . One that will hopefully not blowup into my face 
better get over this cold soon . Night time seems to be worse and it's fall again . Let the illness begin . 
If 22 hours of sleep in a 31 hour time slot doesn't fix an ilness , I don't know what will . Time for a productive day 
Revisiting a previous version of me tonight 
Wishin I was in Texas already ! 
I'm so excited to sleep 
Wow ! Comedy works , grandmas party , vball in wash park with good people and a full grill . The past 24 hours has been amazing 
Dang , I feel like I\ 
m going to lose weight from how much sweat is being produced after eating that fresh jalapeno 
I'm not a voilent person , but I'm going punch the guy who thought it would be funny to start playing Christmas commercials already 
Waking up at 3am is the best , only when going on vaca to see someone you miss though 
Can anyone say TEXAS STATE FAIR ... Awe yeah ! 
On my way back to < PROPMALE > . In a 4 day period I have managed to go to Ft . Worth , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and now < PROPMALE > . Daaannnngg ! A special thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for being such a great friend 
I miss having the real internet . This phone only does so much 
Oh karaoke , you are my love 
Taking a week long break from facebook . If you need to contact me , call or text me !! 
Welp , I sure can make a big mistake but I'm going to work three times harder to get a good result still 
Painting my living room while drinking a red beer and watching the biggest loser makes for a good evening 
I decided that life is good ... and ever since then , it's been good . 
I <3 payday !! $-) 
is holding on tight . 
Dood , what a bunch of grumpy people today . I'm so glad my co-workers know how to smile !! 
drove to work in a wind tunnell of leaves . It was a good time ! 
Mmmm , Little Anitas . <3 MEXICAN FOOD 
I'm going to a haunted house for the first time in 10 years , and am really frickin ' scared . 
The suns are kick-ass . The first time we've had fun @ Ecks ! 
D-O-N-E !!!!!! Fresh start , please ??? 
Excited to do nothing tonight , so tomorrow will be good !!! 
So siked for my costume and halloween festivities ! 
Last night = Awesome Fun ! So many people know how to get in the spirit of Halloween . Good stuff right there 
Too many choices , yikes ! It's decision making time . 
If there's one thing that < PROPFIRST > W . did for us , was teach us to vote . I am so shocked to see how many of you on here voted this election 
Packing and getting ready for my Seattle trip , woohoo ! 
Wa < PROPMALE > up to what seems like the pitch black . Missing my < PROPMALE > sunshine already , BUT I have a phenomenal < PROPMALE > sized bed and room with a view to myself ;) Moneytree knows how to do it ! 
How many of you can truly think about the place that they work for and smile ? I am very proud to be part of such a good company with so many good people 
Nervous :[ 
Oh daylight saving time .... I have not been able to sleep past 7:00 AM for far too many days 
< PROPFEMALE>'s cafe for lunch and the Melting Pot for dinner . Can anyone say ' YUM' ?!!!!!? 
Wow , today was fabulous !!! 
really wants to go see the Deathly Hallows , but am super busy the next couple of days . It's all good though , I'm sure I'll see it soon 
Nap time ... it was totally worth staying up late for < PROPMALE > Potter , but I am so happy to have my bed right now 
The only food I have : pita chips and shredded cheese . Best discovery ever .. PITA CHIP NACHOS 
This year ... I am definitely liking the thought of donating more than anything . Bring on the Holiday Season ! 
So happy I didn't partake in black friday . I am tired as it is and am ready for my 12 hour shift ! Bring it on world 
Wow , Spaghetti was the perfect breakfast . Mmmmm 
I don't mind being called in today . I had yesterday off and I want some xmas overtime . Oh yeah ! 
went simming last night . Oh , how I missed it ! Then I stepped outside and my hair froze .. hahaha . 
Nope , nope , nope . I will not admit it ! 
I never say this .... but I am Angry !!! grrrr 
Deep thought of the day : Why do people feel ashamed to cry in front of others ? I understand that it might make the other person feel strange , but even if crying at a movie or song people feel the need to hold back the tears . Let ' em flow ... it's only natural . 
Starting my day the right way :) 
Ooh , parade of lights ! 
Seeking health ... emergen-c is my friend ! 
12 straight hours of sleep . If that doesn't help heal , I don't what does ! 
Bahaha ... pedophiles ?? I don't believe it for a second . It doesn't even make sense ... asking adult facebookers to change to pics of their fav childhood cartoons . I'm sure it was the paparazzi that told us to change our pics to celebrities too ! 
DO NOT TAKE I-70 WEST IN THE MOUNTAINS . IT'S CLOSED !! I unfortunately found that out the hard way , haha . 
Wow , this is why I usually don't take certain pain meds . They knock you out for 15 hours . At least there's no pain , but what to do at 5 AM ? 
It is GORGEOUS outside ! 
Okay , Okay . I'm no longer ill so I must go back to exercising . Wish me luck ! 
I know I'm working 11 hours tomorrow , but I can't turndown ' Frontier'ing with my friends 
I really want to see the eclipse tonight , but I worked a very CRAZY 13 hour shift today 
You might hate me , but I'm cool with having a 70 degree christmas ! 
The problem with having a super comofortable couch is sometimes you never make it to your bed 
Holy crum cake ... it's a crazy world out there 
It's christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! It has been a CRAZY week at work . I will definitely be in need of a 3 day weekend 
Ok .... my very intense week is finally over . Now it's time to celebrate happiness with other people 
Oh how I love life and having you all in it ! Have a very happy and safe Christmas ! 
What an amazing 3 day weekend ! I'm all cuddled up with my new down comforter from < PROPFEMALE > and Rome :) 
I love productive days at work ! 
Okay , this is the third night in a row where I am wide awake at wee hours of the morning . Not a fan of this . 
PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE . < PROPFEMALE > ryone be safe . I lost a friend on New Years < PROPFEMALE > last year , and would really hate to see anyone else get hurt . Make smart choices , life is so very precious ! 
This year has started with it's usual tests ... but year after year I refuse to give into negativity . Life has so many gifts that overpower the negative things . 
In the mood for red beers tonight ! 
Free chipotle !!! 
I really want to go see my friends < PROPFEMALE > ans Steph in the Springs , but I am pretty sure the roads are rather evil . Hmm , what to do ?!? 
I was fretting the snow ... but I had a BLAST playing in it ! 
Holy moly ... this green chile I just made is almost too spicy . 
I just picked up my first and hopefully last hitchhiker . No , I never I thought I would , but it was this 100 pound girl with no coat at 1AM and when it's 2 degrees outside . Turns out her '' friend '' ditched her and stole her phone and purse . I feel good that I stopped to help her so creepers wouldn't instead ! 
Lol , everyone is pissed or having an identity crisis over their signs . Thr funny things you learn on facebook . 
Hex yeah , I am officially going to New Orleans for Mardi Gras . Anyone else going ??? 
Frustration interferes with sleep far too often . 
Wow ... it's really nice outside right now , weird ~~~ 
I love the pleasant suprises in life ! 
Wish I wasn't so sensitive to the actions ( or lack thereof ) of other people . Any one got a dose of ' tough ' I can have ? 
I can join in on all the TGIF's today . I have the weekend off ... woohoo ! 
Exhausted . Friday before my weekend off and I'm going to bed already ! 
Enlightened ! 
Why in the heck am I awake ? I went to sleep 5 hours ago . Darn you mental alarm , it's sunday ! 
may have to have a monthly budget for Cholula Hot Sauce 
Awesome day . Only had to work 5 hours and now I have tomorrow off , ZING ! 
Today ... today is going to be a good one . Young , healthy , alive , and motivated ! 
Ok , I have committed myself to running a 5k , a 5 mile run . Now onto the finishing goal of a half marathon . Wow , the next few months are going to be intense . I am open to any advice ! 
Ready for summer !! 
Wow , I slept in until 10 . I haven't been able to do that in months !! 
Um , it's -10° right now ... I might as well be living in Gunnison again , jeez ! 
My cat is sprawled out over the heater vent . Now if I could get my car over that same heater vent maybe it would start . Sorry Dr. Dentist , not today ! 
Some things are best left as a mystery or curiosity . 
Nothing quite cures cabin fever like peanut butter m&m's , my favorite movie , and a nice effective pain killer 
I was quite distraught when I discovered that I lost my iPod last night , especially when training for a half marathon . CAN ANYONE SAY IPOD TOUCH ?? It has everything and twice the memory . So excited : > 
Woah , the drunkies are out for sure . Careful driving , peeps ! 
Chipotle with brown rice ... I approve !! 
I'm making a home made Plinko Game for my store meeting tomorrow . Should be fun !! 
Wow ... today has been one of those exceptionally awesome days , and it was all work-oriented ! It was well needed :) 
My best friend , < PROPFEMALE > , Brings out the best in me . Here's to being spontaneous and making more life memories < PROPMALE > . You are absolutely amazing !! 
It has taken me 25 years , 5 months , and 2 days to feel like an adult . I feel like I should celebrate , and I will . 
Let the shananigans begin ! 
11AM , 56 Degrees , Sunday with minimal to do . Pure bliss 
The rest of my month is booked ... but in all the right ways . Work , San < PROPMALE > , Bday parties , and finally Mardi Gras in New Orleans . February 2011 is making its < PROPFIRST > !! 
Omg ... < PROPFEMALE > can be so amazing ! My last landlord was borderline evil . My current landlord(s ) just gave me a refund of $90 just for making '' prompt payments '' . Lol , just in time for San < PROPMALE > . HECK YEAH ! 
Here's taking late ' naps ' and enjoying thai food with cholate milk at nearly 3AM . Oh to be young ! 
~ So ready to go to New Orleans ! 4 more days :) 
Mentally prepping myself to not think about nutrition when I'm in New Orleans ! mmmmmm 
A little irritated with facebook and the drama it causes . Peace homies ! Text me 
Will be in the french quarter by \ 
midnight , east coast time 
I was very confused about getting green beans in my bloody < PROPFIRST > . Lo and behold I have now eaten pickled green beans , and they are amazing ! 
Mississippi ?? I didn't expect to come here . I'm on my way to the beach ! 
'' My tongue tickles '' -MY MOM , < PROPFEMALE > CUTLER 
Just landed in < PROPMALE > . For those of you who want some Mardi Gras beads , please let me know . I have over 20 pounds worth ! 
Go Mammoth ! catching up finally 
Challenging day- ready to play poker ! 
5K . I can and WILL run the whole thing 
I decided exercising without music would be no fun ! Yay for tubing in Fraser tomorrow :) 
I love you < PROPFEMALE > , ROME , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > . You really do make my world go round !! <3 You all !! 
< PROPFEMALE > , you go back as far as nearly back as far as I can remember . < PROPFEMALE > creek res ., girl scouts , doc . S's health , your daughter ( one of my bff's ) . Thank you for your presence in my life ! You are amazing !! 
To all of you : have a great day ! Make today a special one .. you deserve it :) 
Now Japan ? What's going on with all these natural disasters lately ?! ? So sad 
It's go time people ! Also , a shout out to my friend < PROPFEMALE > Lee .. who can make a girl smile by leaving a kite , < PROPFEMALE > , and a card on my doorstep after a hard day ! 
Looking forward to some overtime pay from today .. my poor co-worker snapped a tendon in her foot , OUCH ! 
Can't sleep , clowns will eat me 
An avalanche of green has overtaken my facebook page .... THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN ' ABOUT 
New phone ... hooray !! 
it just occurred to me that ever since I started drinking coffee I have far less headaches ... thank you caffeine !! 
so happy to be rid of a person who was only a burden 
I don't care that it's saturday ... I am so happy to be in bed before 10 
Despicable Me style : \whaaaaa ? \ " I have the next 2days OFF . Much needed " 
under the weather and working 11 hours . Gonna be an interesting day ! 
I feel like I have the mind of a dog right now . \outside\ " \ " walk\ " \ " treat\ " . At least I have tomorrow off " 
