happy new year 

im gonna hate going back to school 
< PROPMALE > 
on myspace 
uhh ... idk l8er 
I've been fantastic ... how bout you ? 
I guess i have to be ... i need a new jacket 
im crazy ... literally 
not much ... lookin forward to tommorow 
bored out of my immortal mind 
playing salt peppa and spinderella ... guitar 
random post- TODAY IS CLOWN AWARENESS DAY 
Today is pumpkin awareness day !!! 
celebrate Pumpkin Awareness Day !!!!! 
try'n to fix my phone 
not much today to do there is 
not much is on my mind . i miss my friends though .... 
doin like nothin ... kinda hungry 
wearn old lady glasses 
cravin chinese chicken ... dalton knows what i'm talkin about 
sittin with < PROPFEMALE > new family 
koo koo kachooo !!!!! not goo goo ..... henry 
la la lie ..... i got friends now la la lie ... hahaha cool song 
blah blah ... freedom .... blah blah 
they never knew him and now they never will .... so sad 
listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
listenen to the first song i learned on the guitar 
guess < PROPMALE > was always gonna go 
corn maze = death .... or a bunch of scared teens 
facebook's gettin weird 
... shoes ... 
no games today ... sniffle sniffle 
just came from guitar class learned to play island in the sun 
froggy likes me 
froggy is so awesome ... 
gettin addicted to facebook ... someone HELP !!!!!!!!!!!! 
at < PROPFIRST>'s house ... played ultimate alliance 
At my friend's house ... going to < PROPMALE>'s later 
rada rada moocow 
just wok up at my new grandmas house ... my family rocks 
2nd thanksgiving meal with the family 
at aunt Mia's house 
< PROPFEMALE > sometimes 
i have the worst feeling that todays gonna be good day for me 
we cut down a baby tree ^_^ 
workin on a 5 < PROPFEMALE > report 
i hate exams ... ugh 
I never said I didn't have someone to shout for ! <3 
tunis dragostea veiste mele 
dont wanna wake up for school in the morning 
no skool = happy 
weird day 
sitting at cfta playing on my laptop 
is a monkey really necessary 
flair 
so tired of football fans 
no skool tomorrow !!! ^_^ 
talking to random people on myyearbook.com is fun 
< PROPMALE > Ott 
my life is so weird 
seriously dont wanna go to school 
im apparently very easy to forget 
run from the bear !!!! 
seriously dont wanna go to scool tomorrow 
turning 17 tomorrow 
Having a pretty normal birthday ... 
its obvious that i'll never be the one chosen .... 
school sucks 
I 7 hours being insulted , laughed at , and locked in a room against my will .... Life is so fair 
I haven't slept in two days 
Had an awesome night at the CFTA theater showcase . There were some of the best perfomers i've ever seen on that stage . It's amazing that i got to see it and help out tonight . I am truly thankful for my CFTA family . 
cant believe he forgot about me 
just finished playin atlantica ... i hate spiders now ... stupid quest 
just got a new singer for my band and we worked on a couple songs tonight .... all in all a great day 
don't you just love being ignored and forgotten by the people you thouht were your friends 
Had an awesome day with my best friend ..... makes up for all the crap that happend this week .... yay for real friends 
t made a cheesy taco cassorole 
i just LOVE when my parents don't like somthing about me and they tell me to be more like my brother ...... yeah , i should talk back , steal , lie to everyone , and do basically anything im not supposed to do . That makes sense . I am who I am so everyone needs to get over it ...... i hate mornings !!!!! 
today was great ..... except for when i woke up at 1 , missed my theatre class , had my siblings blame a bunch of crap on me , and have my mother scream at me , and my phone died , and the charger broke ....... i think i'll make life easier and just let it happen rather than fight it ..... i'm used to it ..... i dont really care anymore 
just found my phone charger ... I CAN TXT AGAIN ... 
some ppl are jerks .... and i like pie 
pinting today .... 
my life is getting rediculus in a dramatic way ... 
i might have finally found the right shade of glowing blue hair dye .... yayy !!! 
hangin out in < PROPMALE>'s room ..... dude could sleep through an earthquake 
i MUST have the new xbox !!!!!! 
E3 was dramatically EPIC in every way ..... i WILL get the new xbox !!!!!...... eventually 
went to the mall but didnt actually go in the mall ..... just ate frozen yogurt with friends ..... awesome day 
im in a dramatic amount of physical pain and im angry in a rediculus way 
There is like NOTHING to do today ...... the amount of boredom i feel is dramatically rediculus 
im bored in a ridiculous way 
its driving me INSANE !!!!! 
OMG .... Having ridiculous hair issues ...... 
WORST . WEEK . EVER !!!!! 
havent actually slept in days ... (@_@) 
Phone = dead ... Charger = broken ...... this week is not getting much better ..... the sooner i get away from my mom the better !!! 
4th day without sleep 
officially night 5 with no sleep 
What kind of mother tells their son that no one wants them or loves them , every morning 
i am beyond sleepy .... 
finally ... at least i have a phone to use for now 
I AM SOOOO MADD !!! >:( 
im < PROPFEMALE > scared and freaked out now that i could cry :'( 
its his fault and HE wont talk to ME 
OMG worst nightmare ever ..... so much SILENCE !!! 
I love how out of all my \friends\ " one guy that i've never met figuered out why i was freaked out and cared more than anyone else . " 
if ur up txt me 
most boring day EVER !!!!! 
Insanely happy . Doctor just called and turns out he was wrong the first time . I am sick but it's nowhere near as bad as we thought . Ready to party once again !!!! <3 <3 <3 
I AM OUT OF PIE !!!!!!!!! HELP ME 
eatin kake with < PROPFEMALE > friends !!!! 
SHORTEST PARTY EEEEVVVVEEEEERRRR !!!!!! cops suck 
last night was insane before the cops showed up 
just made spaghetti 
makin monkey bread , banana bread , and rainforest tea 
true blood was AWESOME last night 
honestly , ilove my friends but some of them are complete idiots .... he knows who he is 
sleep is overrated !!! 
oh if these walls could talk . Would you stop screaming long enough to see what they had to say ? 
i feel pain in places that don't exist 
i am < PROPFEMALE > bored 
i can't wait till saturday 
sometimes its good to be bad cause without bad there is no good ..... 
relationships are sooo confusing . how can u say u love somone then breakup with them an hour later ??? 
when school starts im sooo going back to livonia . i miss my friends from there 
Totally forgot what today was 
I sooo can't sleep 
Back to writing my book !!! It's so much fun 
watchin Undercover Brotha while workin on my book .... distractions are fun 
its funny when you remember how you became friends with certain people 
My brother is sooo freakin annoying !!!!! 
Tomorrow nights gonna rock !!!!! 
there is an insane ammount of bananas in my house .... but there green .... 
Have you ever had a day where you wake up and just feel like everythings gonna rock .... 
no parties for me tonight ..... still today was a pretty good day 
can't sleep 
nursery rhymes were kinda messed up man .... dishes gettin married and babies fallin from trees !!!! 
turns out i'm not as shy as i thought .... i'm pretty bold when i wanna be 
i'm such a nerd 
It's best not to let EVERYONE know how insane you are .... 
It's weird how much I miss him .... 
its so annoying how people question everything you do then they get mad when you get tired of it !!!! 
i HATE mornings !!!!!!!! 
Far is where i fell\ 
Maybe i'm better off dead\ 
Am i at the end of nowhere ? \ 
Is this as good as it gets ? 
there is an insane ammount of drama in my life 
Soooo excited cause the movie Let the right one in is being redone in English .... Yayy !!!!!! 
I HATE my hair right now 
< PROPFEMALE > mad cause i accidentally got my hair to look like i wanted it to and i dont know what i did 
5 hours of guitar practice today and i still cant do it .... Grrrrrr 
Just lost 8 friends in an hour .... new record for how much I suck 
HATE my guitar with the White hot passion of a thousand suns !!!! 
? ? ????? ? ??? 
ho 
tunis drogostea veiste melee 
me HUNGRY !!!! 
the storm that lust began must end in blood ! 
watchin Where The World Mine :) 
If I'm not a genious then I'm pretty close to it :) 
eggs are sooo weird !!!! 
just woke up and realized that it's wednsday and not Thursday . dreams are confusing 
so weird but im looking forward to school 
Just got my hair cut ! 
what makes me happy makes everyone else angry .... its a bit annoying 
This summer has been amazing ... and horrible , its made me revert to who i used to be and become part of who i want to be . Before today i would have said that this summer was just an ok experience but after today i can honestly say that THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST SUMMER OF MY LIFE !!!! I'll look back on this day and remember that this , right now is how im supposed to feel :) \ 
\ 
<3 I'm Alive With The < PROPFEMALE > of Love <3 \ 
8-8-10 
got school in a few hours .... I'm all nervous cause I can't find my Green sweatshirt or jacket ... and I look HORRIBLE !!!!!!!! 
first 5 classes were great but then I got stuck in CNA and now I want to HURT something . Ugh now I gotta find a way out of it 
school sucked today ... my life sucks everyday ... I thought that of I pretended it was fine and ignored the people here then I'd be ok , but I'm not . I can't deal with them anymore ... 
had a pretty cool day at school ... got some awesome classes , made a new friend , and turned some heads .... I Am < PROPMALE > Vidal < PROPMALE > and they won't forget it !!!!! 
bad day turned good day turned bad day 
having our first big fight ..... ugh I need a distraction 
YAYY !!! thunder !!!! 
Ive got some pretty fun and pretty ridiculous classes .... 
changin up my morning routine .... 
just got back in my house- listening to Panic ! At The Disco 
how can someone be mad at you for not talking to the person who hurt you ?.... its messed up 
i still don't know what we are to each other .... 
I'm LOVING the rain 
surprise visits are always good !!!!! :) 
a kiss at 3 in the morning and a date planned for Saturday .... I'm a happy camper 
Yayy its FRIDAY !!!!!! 
tomorrow should be an AWESOME day ..... if i can find something to wear 
i honestly swear that this family will be the reason i fall deeper into insanity .... no proof or reason to believe it but its my fault .... biggest thing is I WASN'T EVEN THERE !!!!! 
can anyone honestly tell me that they know what it feels like to think someone likes you and then have them leave you stranded in another city .... cause I sure know what it's like </3 
its good to know that one person cares enough to listen :( 
totally just txted the wrong person .... life is sooo confusing 
so my faith in true love is totally destroyed but i got to see a movie today and i got some new shoes ...... so today didn't totally suck 
my life is < PROPFEMALE > drama it's just rediculous 
Singing every song on my ipod :) 
i had an awesome day until my mom got home .... one sentence just ruined my day 
Made a new friend at school today :) YaYY !!! for frIEnDsHIp !!!!! 
lost ANOTHER mp3 player .... at least I still have my iPod .... I just can't put new music on it :( 
had an AWESOME day at school .... I love my classes and I'm love that in every class at least 2 people think I'm insane 
just remembered that mrs. Kelly gave m a cook book .... time to make some epicly rediculous foods :) 
Had a pretty fun day at school .... i want Chinese !!!!! 
it sucks that a tree is stronger than a truck 
is it weird that i bring my computer everywhere ???..... oh well back into the insanity .... awesome night 
almost back to my house ..... can't wait to sleep . Epic dayp 
ya know how you feel all weird and heavy after you get out of a pool , well thats how i feel right now 
YaYY im not dizzy anymore ... but for some reason i crave french fries and chocolate :) 
just heard about some church thing goin on in new roads ..... wonder if I should go ? 
my day sucks already :( 
so i called one of those psychic lines and the woman told me i'd marry a guy named < PROPFIRST > , have seven kids , and be a stay at home MOM ..... obviously she isn't psychic 
super headache !!!!! 
so I'm having a good day and a sucky day all at once . it's really fun and I'm happy its just that I know it's gonna end soon :( 
yeah so I'm total surrounded by teachers but it's kewl .... awesomeness all around ..... I love this place\ 
XOXO 
sooooo hyper !!!!!!! im soooo gonna drop in like 1st period tommorow ..... the crash is worth it . I LOVE NOS\ 
Hey i totally have short term memory loss .... is dollar dress tomorrow or friday ? 
Lost my phone soooo yeah ..... don txt me 
I get home and my room is covered in trash and my mom gets mad at me for coming back .... i feel so loved(that was definitely sarcasm ) 
you know that feeling you get when you're totally exhausted but it was worth it in the end ...... i love that feeling\ 
i always thought that I'd have a way out but there's no exit through this door , just another wall . \ 
okay i've totally lost feeling in my legs .... maybe running in the middle of the night wasn't the greatest idea\ 
TOTALLY HATING MY COMPUTER RIGHT NOW ...... whateves im gonna go hunt for some jello\ 
Less than a year and im off to college .... and after that its off to Germany . Freedom and all the free cloths i want ... can't wait !!!! \ 
Tomorrow is gonna suck so ridiculous .... ugh and i still need to write a new song . Whateves something good has to happen soon , right ? \ 
i really really just dont like this day ...... it already sucks but im gonna hope for the best\ 
ok look its killin me cause i have no idea whats happening . You're supposed to be the happy cool dude and now you're all dead inside . Just let me help you like you help me ... \ 
i hope your ok man\ 
ok guys sooo i have a phone again YaYY !!!!!!!!!! but i don't have any of my contacts .... if you have my number txt me cause my < PROPFIRST > still the same 
what is with people and football ..... some people get waaaayyyy too into it !!!!!!!!!!! 1 
fear the BEAR ! never go into the < PROPMALE > alone ! 
soooooo ridiculously BORED !!!!! SOMBODY TXT ME\ 
Finally learned how to use this phone YaYY !!!!! \ 
ugh ... im gonna be sooooooo bored today !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hey ..... Hey ..... * HEY * ...... * WHAT * ..... I love you !!!!! \ 
some people are soooo confusing and im afraid to ask him for the real answer .... ugh i wish people were easier to figure out 
ok so like all of my friends watch True Blood and would kill for this . You can get those retractable fangs for like 15 dollars ! (The real one's that are endorsed by the show ! ) I am sooooooo getting me a set !!!!! 
oh and it was < PROPFIRST > not < PROPFIRST > 
... 
in the movies their life starts bad , someone makes it better , he blows it , and then there's always a happy ending .... life is not a movie . Its a lot worse but at least its fun 
soooooooo grossed out right now . some things just should not be said 
what is it with random girls flirting with me .... are they all that bored 
confused face 
loving life < PROPFEMALE > much right now <3 <3 <3 
i know you don't care but i still love you 
soooo ready for monday !!!! 
can't wait to play guitar tomorrow 
im that kid who posts the depressing status everyday but today's different . I actually had a cool day . Even when it started to suck it got better just cause of a nice conversation with a cool dude . \ 
This facebook has been hacked by T . I LUV U D !!! <3 
Pie 
u ever go to sleep and then wake up at 4 in the afternoon , in your backyard , clutching the steering wheel of a car that hasn't moved since the 60's ..... i have 
playin with my guitar and making a new song :) 
i really need to stop waking up in weird places 
so i'm walking through the house and i sit by my computer and look down for my charger and what do i see ? A trail of bloody foot prints . i sliced my foot open and didn't notice the pain . now i've gotta clean blood out of carpet ... great 
i just LOVE how he made such an effort today ..... im not even mad or upset . to be upset you have to care and i just don't care anymore 
YaYY !!!!! i just got some really cool pants ! 
I think i'm the only person that goes insane if a certain friend doesn't txt , call , or message me everyday . 
can't wait for for the teen angst and drama to begin today .... its alot more fun if you think of life as a soap opera :) \ 
im like about to cry . i know i'm a messed up dude but i never thought that the things i did would force him to hate me . I feel like i dug my own grave and then shot myself . But i can't try to defend my actions ... i deserve the hatred . I'll do what i can to stay away even if it kills me on the inside . 
just auditioned for a play .... 
soooo bored ... txt me 
ok so human centiped was gross , unrealistically weird , and ridiculous . The end is soooo stupid . 
So apparently all my guy friends think i smell like rainbows and unicorns , so i'm thinking rain and big horses = bad 
MORNING POST !!!!!! <3 
I feel like i got hit by a car twice !!! I hate being sick !!!! 
Why did i have to get sick on a SATURDAY ?!?!?! completely ruined my weekend 
Pretty awesome night !!!! Lovin how my day turned out <3 <3 <3 
you're such an idiot !!!! well you are nice so whatevs =) 
so a friend of mine just sent me a txt and it says \xttck mi gorld mUSE XINCETr tonite\ " ... why are my friends so weird ??? " 
having THE WORST WEEK EVER !!!! 
So I'm a pretty pessimistic person but i actually feel like a good thing can come out from the pit of despair I'm in right now 
sooo tired and i cant find the pie !!! at least i don't have anything to do tonight , yay for unforeseen circumstances . :'( 
lovin life . Goin to the game :) 
Its totally FRIDAY and i cant wait for my day to begin !!!! 
i think i'm the only guy planning for prom already .... i'm just way too excited about being a senior 
I find it weird that people i've NEVER met know my name and expect me to know them 
I'm in like !!! :) 
Just finished researching a dream that scared me .... the dream was telling me to stop following the crowd , that i should be closer to a certain friend of mine , and that i need to let people know my real feelings .... Monday's gonna be a weird day !!! 
had a pretty kewl day :3 
gettin ready for church ..... oh what shall i learn today ??? 
My fingers are numb ... my eyes are dry .... i still have more crap to do !!! 
Kinda sad that i don't have school tomorrow ... i actually like some stuff about school 
Just got out of my vocal class ....... 
I love those awkward moments when u ask someone a question they really REALLY didn't want to hear . ;) 
headin out to the doctor in like 30 seconds 
finaly a day where i can just relax !!! :) 
blah .... 
got all creative last night and made jewelry with my mom . 
listening to brittish music !! 
Whales are weird ! 
had an awesome day !!! 
my phones been dead all day . finally got it back on . txt me 
ridiculous day 
had a ridiculously awesome weekend !!!!! and now school :( 
i love good morning txt messages !!! it makes my day sooo much better !!!! <3 
5 people and 5 statements . Is one of them about you ? \ 
1 . You've called me by my name less than 10 times in the 4 years i've known you . \ 
2 . You used to be like my brother but then we grew apart . \ 
3 . You're the craziest , most psycho , understanding , kind , coolest girl i ever knew . \ 
4 . We never talked until you were gone but now i wish we did . \ 
5 . You're awesome , you're cute , ut sometimes i want to punch you in the face ! luv u 
Good artists take but great artist steal ! ~ look it up\ 
. . . ? \ 
•_• 
I've got no clouds but the < PROPFEMALE > just keeps changing colors !!! It's supposed to be black ! 
I'd like to say that sleep is my peaceful happy place but since I don't dream much it's just another black night . Then I wake up and count down to the darkness again because in the day I have nothing of my own desires to be done for my sake as I am always in the service of those I find more deserving of my time and effort . What is selflessness if not a selfish need to have others depend on you ? 
Daddy's little girl knows how to party !! <3 
Slept for one hour and cried for 3 . Kinda glad i have school today . 
Without wings butterflies are just worms ... 
Beyond happy but I don't know why . I couldn't Be more excited but I honestly don't have a clue why ! :D 
Had some really weird dreams last night .... 
Skins is cool but the original is better 
bored . txt me :P 
I tried to hold your hand but you'd rather hold your grudge . 
So i looked at all the things i txted yesterday and apparently all i talk about is COWS and SHOPPING ! 
Just read SoulEater Not ! and it was amazing . I love manga !!! 
Can you hear me ? I'll be right here always ... 
Once it's started it cannot end ! You can run , but i'll find you again . <3 
Those specks of stardust in the sky are the shattered stars from my dreams .... 
Merci pour < PROPFEMALE > venin ! 
42-42-564 write on any mirror or window to knock on Death's door . 
You can't be upset when they stop asking , if you could never say yes ... 
Is it for my safety or your benefit that repairs are done ? It's harder to get new than fix a broken one .... 
sooooo freakin TIRED !!! 
Look alive , sunshine ... 
Should I be shocked now by the last thing you said ? 
Why do you taunt me with silence ? 
... these times when your heart beats so hard it's all you hear .... 
Twist it all you want but in the end it'll still be what it was to start with ... just a little torn but still the same 
The enemy of my love is my friend ? 
It's cold and wet outside and it rocks 
In the light of the night your brightest truths are hidden .... it's better than dark days and dark secrets 
How is that even POSSIBLE ?!?!? 
Why do you always just happen to be in my dreams ? It's getting annoying because I keep wishing those dreams were real ... 
Well he looks at me with those innocent eyes and says it looks like your wearing some kind of disguise . Cause your hair is messed up and your shoes are untied and I hope that that you got that shirt at half price ! Why can't you pretend to be nice ? 
. - . 
Tap tap tap tap\ 
The sound echoes of the walls\ 
He plays but soon he falls\ 
It ends and starts again\ 
Tap tap tap clack\ 
Its Your sound and sin\ 
Tap clack tap clack\ 
Gone but never go\ 
The sound of an empty soul\ 
My hand against the ground\ 
I repeat again the sound 
When I want to be leftalone your the only person that I want near me .... too bad you don't care 
At least some good news came from this day 
If you don't trust me then don't ask me questions . If you don't like how I look then close your eyes . If you don't like who I am forget you ever knew me ... 
These words were never easier for me to say or her to second guess . Without you I'll be miserable at best ... 
This is the definition of weird !!! 
Solitary in the masses ... 
I see you all the time and i never say it but you are really freakin cute <3 jus sayin :) 
I feel as though i'm going to hate tomorrow ... 
Violence is the key to victory ! 
Life :) 
I feel AWEFUL !! why do I have to be sick on the weekend ! 
Earlier i was feeling better but now i feel worse !!! I feel like i just got hit by a train underwater ! UGH !! 
I love your little Act ! But at intermission you'll be back again to sate yourself till Act II . You're not fickle just confused . I pity you . You brought the curtain down on your self . :) 
I love the little lies you tell yourself when you see me . Just accept it . You can't stop thinking about it ! \ 
XOXO \ 
You know you love me 
Good morning --> Bad day --> Great night\ 
my friends make everything better :) \ 
Thanks to everyone who made this birthday special and that means ALL my friends and family . I love you all :) 
they're irrelevant things that are obviously unimportant . a show is a show no mater how its seen . 
It's kinda like I'm on an island ... 
Do you seriously not get it ? Put the anger and the unreasonable grudge aside and actually think about it ! Now , do you get it ? \ 
This music makes my conscious life seem more like a lucid dream . :) 
Hey You ! yeah you with the hair , you should totally txt me :) 
hey you :) and no im not stalking .... but i am watching you CLOSELY :) 
Just spent most of this day on Facebook . Not surprisingly enough i learned a lot of crap about a lot of people ! 
Indie Music Month !!!!! 
omg i hate deciding what to wear on free dress days !!! ugh ! whatevs i'll just wear the first thing i find :) 
I really want to talk to you ... but you just dont get why i like talking to you ... 
In my dreams :) \ 
Some times it's so hard to talk someone you really like .... 
If I told you how I really feel about you would you accept it ? Or would you just laugh at me ? 
Some situations are so hilariously wrong that it's insane but you just have to let some things go ... \ 
Reading to much into things :) \ 
Everyone has that person they can always turn to and talk to about anything .... I'm not everyone 
The simplest words make me happy :) \ 
I HATE mornings !!!!!! UGH !!!! 
I'm loud and ridiculous in public but one on one I'm actually pretty shy and quiet . Just thought you need to know .... 
It's slightly moist outside today :) 
We all become important when we realise or goal should be to figure out or role in the context of the whole . 
Just got back home . Had an AMAZING day . Hard to believe that a day this great can even exist !! \ 
Not sad or even mad . I expected it and actually I feel completely unaffected . Life ... 
Never before have i felt so much hatred toward school !!! 
workin on boley's term paper .... i know so much stuff that i never needed to know 
Computer crashed TWICE when i tried to open the essay i already did and it did a freaking memory dump !!! Ugh !! I really don't feel like typing another 2000 words as opposed to deleting the extra 3000 i had . 
taking a break from research and writing . 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right 
Background music , nails trimmed , weave adjusted . Time for some hard core partying !! 
If you can't live without me , why aren't you dead ? 
not so paradisiacal {} paradise 
Curse the letter Q and its unuseableness !!! 
It's the end of the world as we know it , and u feel fine !! :) 
If you think you can do better than this , let's not drag this on . Consider me gone ... 
Today was fun , exciting , musical , boring , tiresome , fantastic , and all in all WAY too long . Never thought I'd say this but thank god for Monday's! 
Studying the crap out of a song for piano !! 
still studying piano stuff !! im freaking out about this song !! 
Sometimes it's the simple thing that make you want to fall into a pit and escape the world . How whimsically awful you are for your disapproval . < PROPFEMALE > on with your misfitted disgust and I'll return the gesture :) \ 
p.s. Hate is a string word but it totally fits 
Gentles , perchance you wonder at this show ;\ 
But wonder on , till truth make all things plain . 
It's not worth my sanity and neither are you ... But I already lost both . 
im so shiny !! ugh . i do NOT photograph well at all . 
The sanctuary within was torn asunder and you remain oblivious to his plight . So concerned with the alteration of the state of the world that you miss the individual . What could be done to bring your attention the the inner and outer torture of that one individuals soul ? 
~ Wonderful ~ 
I think i felt better when you hated me . At least you felt SOMETHING for me then . Now its like i'm just another stranger that doesn't get a second thought . Why is it so hard for me to get over this :( I need more distractions ... 
It's so hard to say things to certain people . Don't you hate liking people you shouldn't . Life is cruel !! </3 
We all have secrets , but mine are pretty public . 
Today was freakin amazing 
i was SOOOO close !! what's wrong with me , why didn't i just go for it ? i don't think i'll ever get a < PROPMALE > like that again ... 
I love blue eyes .... there's just something about them .... <3 
Never wish or hope for anything cause in the end it always lets you down . 
you won't even see me coming , I'm invisible to you . I'm invincible when I'm invisible 
Lying facedown on my floor with my iPod on , just .... thinking 
He makes me so freakin angry !!! ugh !! 
hatehatehatehatehateHATEhatehatehatehatehatehatehate 
?????????????????????????????????????????????? 
And all things became better :) 
He doesn't know how much he makes me smile :) 
The best of people have the worst intentions . 
Every tear I shed is another reason for m to hate you ! 
Sitting in the dark in my room thinking about how he's not thinking about me ... 
I feel as though I'm forgetting something but at this point I couldn't care less 
