I finally have something to share ! Saw a bald eagle this morning outside the office ! Pretty rockin ' . The Fed-Ex guy thought the eagle was migrating . Guess it makes having to work on < PROPMALE > Day worth it after all . 

Oh hell-did I just write on my own wall instead ? I hate technology ! 
By the way , just a general heads up-as far as computers go , I am functionally illiterate ( at best ); so you all may be getting some weird postings from me while I mouse and click ... and Goddess knows what else . I'm not drunk-I promise ! Just stupid ! ( maybe I should've let everyon think I WAS drunk instead ! ) 
No wildlife to report this morning . The critters are all too smart . It's cold and rainy and they all stayed in bed ( unlike us human knuckleheads who went out to work today in this mess ) . 
Mmmmmm ! Falafel sandwich for lunch ! will be ready in 15 mins . 
BAck from Ikea in Woodbridge ( VA ) , 2 hrs up and 2 hrs back . And I still haven't decided on a sofa . But I think I'm gonna score some cool bookcases , solid spruce . Suh-WEEEEEEET ! 
Saw a Sharp-shinned hawk this AM ( pretty little guy ) . Wonder if they'll be nesting behing the house this year , like they did in 2007 . If they do , it'll make for a noisy winter , ' cause 3 years ago they had sex like 6 times before noon . And loud ! I love nature and all , but take it back to the nest ! 
Desk is a MESS !!! And the more I do , the more paper piles up on it ! Don't know if I need a nap , several shots of vodka or a leaf blower . 
Taking < PROPFIRST>'s reminder to heart . But in my own defense , snarking is much funnier . 
Thinks people who complain about how terrible Charlottesville traffic is are too cute . ( They're just too precious for words ! ) 
feels like an absolute heel for some of her wise-a$$ remarks and is sending herself to bed without any supper ( except maybe a bowl of cereal ) and won't \facebook\ " again ' til she gets some rest and can practice some tact . Or until < PROPFEMALE > scores me an invite to < PROPFIRST>'s Halloween party Sat . nite . " 
Mmmmmm ! Cuppy-cakes from Capellino's last night ! ( my Mom loves me ! ) Ate the chocolate one with the pink icing and the dis-embodied tongue last night . Saving the Vanilla with chocolate icing and fangs and the red-velvet with white icing , bleeding heart and blood spatters for tonght ! I love Halloween . It's so delightfully obnoxious . It just makes me giggle with evil glee . 
Found the perfect Buddha yesterday ; fat and laughing and big-bellied ( perfect for rubbing ) and reclining on a pile of money . Laughing Buddhas rock ! You just can't be sad or cynical around them . They're too giggley . Same with Sheilagh na Gigs ( looking to hunt one of them down next ! ) . 
I THINK I've settled on a sofa , Karlstad 3+2 sectional . But do I get the Krondal green or the Krondal brown ? @Tee and < PROPFEMALE > - want anything from Ikea ? Your stuff can hitch a ride with mine in the truck I'll have to rent . 
The Northern Harriers ( hawks ) were out in full force yesterday . Even Dreamt about on last night , flying low overhead . 
Is very annoyed that she can't ( literally ) GIVE her futon away . Salvation Army won't take it because it has animal dander . Dude-it's cat fur , not smallpox . ( I understand allergies and all , but JEEZ ! ) If I had a basement or a covered porch , I'd keep it , but I don't . Have we really become this prissy as a nation ? 
Sorry I was having a bit of a tantrum over the futon donation thing . Been a bit over-worked and over-tired and really want to make my home a pleasant little haven , rather than the yard sale reject room it looks like . Sorry for being a cranky-pants and spreading the negativity . Mea culpa . 
Saw a seagull on Route 15 in Fluvanna ( very rare to see seagulls around here , think I've only seen 4 in the past 5 years ) . Poor guy , he was probably lost . 
Has ( tenatively ) unloaded her futon ! Three cheers and a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > for Freecycle ! ( found a taker after posting said futon for 8 mintues ! ) 
is now boxing books and vacuuming getting ready for her furniture delivery SATURDAY !!!! ( I'll start right after I finish this bottle of beer ... ) 
Am I really at work ... AGAIN ?! Maybe it's time to fill the water cooler with vodka , then I either won't know or won't care WHERE I am ... ( and neither will anyone else ) 
Roses on 3rd Street NE in downtown Ch'Ville still blooming , all buttery yellow and creamy , like the icing roses on a birthday cake . Wanted to scoop one up on my finger and taste the confectioner's sugar melt on my tongue like I was 7 again ... 
Feels rather awful . Chills with sharp stomach pains all day . Hoping some chix noodle soup will fortify me enough to make it through the work day . ( CANNOT call out sick , especially tomorrow-way too busy ... ) 
STILL waiting for the girl to pick up the futon ! Going ... going ... gone baby ! It's going to the next Freecycler ( got 8 offers ) . Like I said in that pic with < PROPFIRST>'s car-don't piss off the < PROPFEMALE > chick . 
Friday ! It's FRIDAY !!!! Found another taker for the futon , and she has already set a time in an email sent at 8:45 this morning ! That's more like it ! By 7PM tonight , futon will be gone ! Good-bye futon , you were a good compatriot . Best of luck in your new life ... 
Futon is GONE !!!! Enjoy your new life at the Judo dojo , futon ... Namaste ... 
Is disturbed that my cats eat better than large swaths of humanity in the world . Darfur refugees would weep to see a can of tuna so casually given . But what to do about rectifiying that situation ? ( I don't think the answer is to not feed the cats ... ) 
has NEW FURNITURE !!!!!! ( now to put it all together ... ) 
If the Food Network is my porn , then Book TV on CSPAN-2 is my WWF Wrestling ... and I WANT < PROPMALE > Nader's new novel \Only the Super < PROPMALE > Can Save Us\ " where < PROPMALE > people actually make themselves useful ! ( I've always enjoyed a good fantasy novel ; Oh < PROPMALE > -you cock-eyed optimist ... ) " 
As of yesterday afternoon , I have a wall of bookcases . That's right , over 10 feet of bookcases , 6 1/2 feet tall . I have so many bookcases that I actually don't have them filled ! ( Nearly filled , but not quite . ) My house looks like a bookstore ! Jealous ? Well you should be ! Damn , I love those crazy , clever Swedes at Ikea ! 
Turkey brine is cooked and cooled . Will brine bird tonight , chop onions , clean portobella shrooms , freeze bacon ( for easier dicing tomorrow AM ) , soften my butter and get stuffing ingredients all together for Thurs morning . Then will hide in the house for the enitre weekend , especially in light of Black Friday AND the UVA/Va Tech game Saturday ( @UVA ) Happy Thanksgiving ! Love to all ! Eat well and nap well ! 
So over the weekend my mother tells me she thinks I ought to run for congress . Me ! Politics ! I keep trying to figure out when exactly she stopped loving me ... ( note to self : get the V-chip and block CSPAN ; obviously it's having a bad influence on Mom ... ) 
Reading The Second Sex by < PROPFEMALE > de Beauvoir . The more things change , the more they stay the same ( damn it all ! ) . 
13 abandoned cars on my street . Just an FYI for y'all-If you're driving up a slippery , snow-covered hill , DON'T STOP !!! And don't go less than 15 mph . If you're going to drive uphill people , you have to COMMIT ! And then just do it , damn the torpedoes , full steam ahead ! ( And I grew up in NJ people , that flattest place on Earth ! ) 
< PROPFIRST > Stewart-you rock my world . If you weren't already married to an < PROPFEMALE > Catholic girl , I'd propose . 
Pants ... too ... tight ... Must ... button ... pants ... can't ... sit ... down ... ( why can't White Russians and mozzarella sticks and Christmas sugar cookies all be health foods and celery sticks and V8 juice cause cancer ? ) 
Okay , seriously , the holidays have been hell on my waistline . MUST start working out . But on the bright side , I've got the best breasts I've ever had . Spanakopita-bad for the belly , great for the cleavage . Who needs implants when there's cookies and other delectables to be had ? 
Just a shout out to all of you : Happy New Year ! Personally , I'm glad to see 2010 go ! Hope 2011 treats all of us better ! Heartfelt wishes for healing and peace and joy to everyone . And thanks for being my friend , either here on Facebook and/or \in real life . \ " ( And thanks for overlooking my typos ! I REALLY appreciate THAT ! ) " 
I came on FB this morning to click the link about the whole global meditation thing for 1-1-11 @ 11:11 , to set intentions for the world in the new year . And now I can't find the event icon the click that I'm attending . Oh well . Will be trying to dream a new dream anyway . BTW- you all only have 8 minutes to get your sh*t together and participate . xoxo . 
Philadelphia Mummers ' Parade found online . Happy New Year Mom ! Sorry it's not a continual live stream . After all , it IS being broadcast on channel 17 . What can you expect from an old UHF network ? 
Starting the \faux\ " hollandaise . Eggs < PROPMALE > on toasted croissants with prosciutto instead of Canadian bacon . Washed down with more Asti Spumanti . I love food . " 
More Christmas cookies brought to the office , courtesy of < PROPFEMALE > , who is virtuously on a diet and eating navel oranges , while making the rest of us chubby . My pants will never fit right again . Damn you < PROPFEMALE > -Lou-Hoo , with your chocolate dipped orange confections ! And why do they always put the goodies nest to MY desk ? 
The muse has tenatively alit . Had very nearly given up on writing , but maybe , MAYBE \Invoking the Rose\ " will get written before I die ! ( Research and world creation are a bitch ! I'd say \ " bitches\ " but that sounds weird . ) " 
is having a bloody rotten Monday ! Dumpster diving in the shredding bin in the unheated basement for unproofed files , covered in drywall dust . Some days there just isn't enough bourbon and Prozac in the world ... 
Thanx to < PROPFEMALE > Ehrenreich yesterday for a sorely needed laugh ! Who knew cleaning the bathrooms of < PROPMALE > people could be so funny ? 
Saw a personalized license plate today , IB4SKNS ... I can't even begin to imagine what it means . I'd say the driver was part of the anti-circumcision movement , but it was a woman driving . Any thoughts ? 
Is deep in the dumps . Not off on Monday , MLK day . Banks closed ( no closings ) , courts closed ( no recordings ) , and will have nothing to do at work but watch my life pass me by . :-( 
is singin ' \The Wage Slave Blues . \"" 
So , I'm hanging out on the SBA website , reading , letting the wheels in my brain spin . But here's my question : Are they trying to scare the hell out of people ? Or am I just too sensitive ? ( Collateral , debt to equity ratio , 50% failure rate ... AAAAAAACCCCKKK ! ) 
Wishes they would call the \Speed Humps\ " on Angus Road \ " Speed Bumps\ " instead . The former term always leaves me disappointed afterwards . And never calls me the next morning . " 
So I work up the nerve to check my credit score . I go to freecreditreport.com, and guess what ? Not really free at all ! Sure you get a free credit report-with a PAID SUBCRIPTION to their service ! Bastards ! 
Has yet AGAIN shoveled out her 3rd car ( My car , Mom's car and then the company car ; just like last week ) , and has decided it's about 1 and 1/2 car too many . This keeps up and I'm getting a flame-thrower and melting the snow off , Rambo style . 
At the risk of sounding self-congratulatory , I have fulfilled my personal Valnetines ' Day tradition . The only reason I'm broadcasting it is because I had this crazy idea of perhaps starting a movement . Do you really need another stuffed animal made in < PROPFEMALE > ? Or roses that die ? Share the love ! ( And I didn't even need a condom ! ) PS-Chocolate is alway welcome ! 
Has been thrown over by her best friend for YOGA !!! Yeah-I'm talking to you TeriAnn ! We were changing the world ( or at least network TV)and then she had to do yoga ! ( Actually , I understand , but now I'm all fired up and trapped at work ! ) 
Is soooooooooooooooooo tired of Tiger Woods . Never cared in the first place , and now , hate the guy , because no one will shut-up about him . He's supposedly giving a staement today . DON'T CARE !!! If he cures cancer or balances the national budge t-t hen call me , but otherwise , SHUT THE F UP !!! I have REAL problems to think about ! 
Has been looking at real estate in Belize ... again . Maybe I should just become an RN and run off to Central < PROPFEMALE > . Anyone want to tag along ? 
Just signed a petition calling for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s resignation ( he's the < PROPFEMALE > legistlator who said disabled children are Nature's punishment for abortion ) . So am calling all friends in < PROPFEMALE > to sign ( I'm lookin ' at you Tee ! and get that husband of yours to sign too ! ) 
has contacted a realtor . Yes , I'm thinking of buying a house , you know , like a grown-up . And I'm TERRIFIED ! C'mon 3689 Presidents Road ! Be mine ! I can afford you ! ( Is it a sin to pray that someone's contract falls through ? It can't be good < PROPFEMALE >...) 
is annouyed that Book TV on C-SPAN 2 has been pre-empted for college basketball . REALLY wanted to see < PROPFIRST > Hitchens talk about the relevance of Orwell today . How many sports channels do you sports fans NEED ? Come on ! There's got to be at least 22 ESPN's at this point ! Give the book geeks a break already ! 
So , who wants to go see houses with me this weekend ? I officially have a realtor . Now I need a < PROPFEMALE > officer ... 
There's an ad for the soon-to-be-released film the Bounty < PROPMALE > on my News Feed FB < PROPFEMALE > . Oh to be hand-cuffed by < PROPMALE > Butler ... a pretty thought for \hump day\ " ... maybe I'll make it through the week after all ... " 
Meeting with < PROPFEMALE > officer was disconcertingly short . Turns out my problem may be that I don't have ANY debt , which in our through-the-looking-glass world is now a BAD thing . To hell with it ! If it's meant to be , then it'll happen . Although casting a spell or 2 couldn't hurt (\an ' it harm none ... \")" 
Three < PROPFIRST > , the sweetest < PROPFIRST > alive ( at least today ): 6-8-7 . For most people , nothing to write home about , but for me , much , MUCH better than expected . And it's a Friday ! All the more reason to get loaded on that bottle of wine I picked up at < PROPFIRST>'s Club last night for $5.98 ! Slainte ! 
Is learning to live with the questions , and without the answers ... does anyone have any valium ? Xanex ? Gin ? 
3 reasons why today is a good day : Mars goes direct today , my friends Crocus , Forsythia and Snow Drops are back , and my pants are looser . 
Want to buy a house . Even found a house I can afford , including a mortgage I can afford and am likely to be approved for ( an FHA < PROPFEMALE > no less ) and no one can figure out whether the house I want is FOR SALE OR NOT !!! This is worse than the futon fiasco . 
Spoke to the trustee yesterday at 4PM . The house I'm interested is still for sale . Goes on the auction block 3/22/10 at noon . Dare I bid ? ( Don't worry , I can do a chain of title on the sly and check for liens against the property . ) Opportunity of a lifetime ? Or recipe for disaster ? Hmmmmmmmm ... 
Is meeting her realtor at 4:30 . And NOW I'm scared to death ! ( Ain't it always the way ? ) 
There's a Buddha in the front yard ! ( There's also a broken window , but I choose to emphasize the positive . ) Want , want , WANT !!! 
2 loaves of soda bread out of the oven and cooling . Then all I'll need is a sprinkle of powdered sugar and butter , washed down with some < PROPFEMALE>'s on the rocks . < PROPFIRST > go bragh my friends , if for no other reason than this ! 
OK-WTF ? Trustee says the house is for sale . The listing agent ( who refuses to call MY agent back ) says the house is under contract . House goes on auction block MONDAY . Yes , I know , 1 hand truly may not know what the other is doing , but get the feeling I'm being scammed by this NVa listing agent ... 
Note to self : Green and white < PROPFEMALE > lei and green plastic beer goggles should not be used together . We don't want a repeat of last year ... 
Thanks to Meadowlark Song and < PROPFIRST > Meres for this ! Tried to send an invite to everyone to join . Don't think it went through , so if you get a second invite , it was my mistake . 
You just can't beat Charlottesville in the springtime ( insert you favorite \The Producers\ " joke here ) . " 
The trees are already leafing out , glowing < PROPFEMALE > green in the overcast light . It's about time ! I love spring . 
Via Meadowlark Song , via < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Falkenstein -- For all those men who say \why marry the cow when you can get the milk for free ? \ " here's an update for you ! nowadays 80% of women are against marriage . Why ? because women realize it's not worth buying an entire pig just for a little sausage ! " 
Just a general FYI , but particularly to the guys : If you're going to send a FB Friend Request , especially to a woman , don't just Friend Request ; Send a message explaining where you saw said person's comments or something . I keep getting friend requests from young Arabic and Eastern Indian men with very odd names who I plain old just DON'T KNOW ! This is worse than going grocery shopping in my 20's wearing eye-shadow . 
To all of you via Rumi : Rumi < PROPMALE > dostalar ? m ? ne kalbimle ne de akl ? mla severim . / I love my friends neither with my hearth nor with my mind . / Olur Ya .... / Just in case ... / Kalp durur ... / Hearth might stop ... / Ak ? l unutur ... / Mind can forget ... / < PROPMALE > dostlar ? m ? ruhumla severim . / I love them with my soul . / O ne durur ne unutur . / S ... oul never stops or forget . - Mevlana Celaleddin RumiSee More 
Well ... have experienced my first really mean-spirited Facebook attack . I won't lie , it rattled me a bit . Hope I defended myself well . Boy , ya ask a guy who's against a \living wage\ " if that means he's for a \ " dying wage\ " and all hell breaks loose . Jeez ... " 
Am wondering if I'm really cut out to speak my mind . I really try to be scrupulously fair ( and calm ) when disagreeing with people , but they all seem to start attacking me and calling me names (\communist\ " seems to be a favorite ) . I quote the Bible and I'm told I'm quoting < PROPFEMALE > . I really am being polite when engaging in this discourse ... REALLY ! It's all very confusing . " 
Speaking of entrenched beliefs , I found this quote : The most difficult subjects can be explained to the most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already ; but the simplest thing cannot be made clear to the most intellignet man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows already , without a shadow of a doubt , what is laid before him . -Leo Tolstoy ( but then I AM a communist ! ) 
Heartfelt thanks to everyone who has helped shore up and soothe my battered nerves this past weekend after entering the fray . I'm grateful to each and every one of you . xoxo 
A very heartbreaking post on the IASP wall ( International Association for Suicide Prevention ) . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > , she lives in Tennessee and she is on the brink . For all of you who practice any sort of spirituality , I would as you send her love , light , thoughts and prayers , whatever , however you practice . I don't like asking favors , but I can't let this go and do nothing if such things actually help . Thank-you . 
So , just heard via < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , via The Daily Show , that \progressive\ " is the new word for \ " communist . \ " Hmmm ... So does that make \ " Tea Partier\ " the new word for \ " idiot \"?" 
Oh ! Just heard my first tree frog ! I love those little boogers ! 
Okay , enough reality . Enough with the subprime mortgage meltdown , enough with the delusional positive thinkers , let's get into something REALLY interesting . The Secret History of the Mongol Queens : How the Daughters of Genghis Kahn Rescued His Empire . NOW you're talkin'! Who's with me ? 
Boneless barbeque spare ribs par-boiling , homemade sauce simmering , shower , a load of laundry then heat up the fried apples , dish out the potato salad and crack open a Blue < PROPFEMALE > . Still wish it wasn't Sunday and that I didn't have to work tomorrow . There's got to be a better way to make a livin ' . 
So , am off the walk Monticello Mountain ; 2 < PROPMALE > up and 2 < PROPMALE > down with a panoramic view of Charlottesville . After all , if I'm going to be attracting 31 year old guys , I'd better get my butt is shape ( figuratively and literally ) . 
Heartfelt thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday yesterday ! As of 9:04 PM last night I was officially 39 , or as I like to think of it , 29 with 10 years experience . Many of you are new friends , several are cousins spread out around the country , some of you I've just reconnected with , and the rest have been deeply woven into my life for the past 10+ years . I'm feelin ' the love and am grateful to you all . xoxo ! 
3-2-1 and Hooray !!! 12:45 PM and the week is offically HALF OVER !!! ( But who's counting ? ) . I need a nap . 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are blessed with at least one true friend ! 
is wondering - does anyone in Charlottesville think they'll be thirsty around 5:15 tonight ? ( I'm lookin ' at you < PROPFEMALE > ; offensive greeting card not required , but always welcome . ) 
Okay- so here's the plan : color hair , pick out clothes for May Day/Beltaine , give self a pedicure (' cause I'm not jumping a cauldron fire without my toenails painted ; it annoys the Sidhe/Faerie ) , polish silver bracelets , buy coffee and < PROPFEMALE > red port for < PROPFEMALE > , gather crystals and witchy goodies , hmmmm ... what else ? Oh yeah ! CLEAN OUT CAULDRON !!! ) O ( 
Trying to catch up to TeriAnn on my Good Reads app . She's got 512 books ! I only have like 34 . No , no , NO !!! Gotta beef up my bookshelves ! 
Ya know what ? I'm in the mood to go to a Phillies game . It's been forever . I miss the business person's specials that started at like 1:30 . Even with the exhorbitantly priced , watered down beer and mushy hot dogs . ( I used to sneak hoagies in ... mmmmm , hoagies ... ) 
Here's an interesting observation : Yesterday I posted I was participating in \Boobquake\ " and got 4 comments ; later in the day I mentioned wanting to go to a Phillies game and got 11 comments . I'm a perfectly respectable C-cup . What gives ? Triumph of femininsm ? " 
Wonders if solitude , silence and fiction live 45 mintues away in a 2 bedroom condo in Orange . And why the hell does the commute have to be such a bitch ? 
Goddess Bless < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gilman . She died 3/17/2009 and left a building lot to Habitat for Humanity in her will . The house is built and someone is buying it . Rock on < PROPFIRST > , rock on . 
Via Meadowlark Song :D EPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer it some point in our lives . getting help -it's good for you ! 
Thanks to La ( < PROPFEMALE > ) , Tee , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ) for the gorgeous card and goodies ! Love to you all ! ) O ( 
How is it that I can get an appointment at the vet for the cat the same day , and she doesn't have health insurance ( you know , ' cause she's a cat ) , but I can't get myself an appointment to see the doctor for 4 WEEKS and I AM insured ? Should I just start seeing the vet instead ? 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . \ 
\ 
While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . \ 
While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . \ 
While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her . \ 
Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence ! 
Hmmmm ... to run tonight or not to run tonight ? It's raining , but only lightly . But there was thunder . But then , I did buy that new knee brace I'd like to try out . But a nap would be lovely . Hmmmm ... 
is getting thinner ( if not lighter ) . My knees aren't too happy though ... 
Yummmmm ... beer ... I love beer . Blue < PROPFEMALE > is the best . 
< PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > ! Where are you ? Great accessor of the realty company lock boxes ? I've been checking my email every 10 minutes ! 
What a day . What a bloody day . I'm going home to drink beer . Wonder if I should pick up Five Guys on the way home ... 
is wondering - is Spiral Song my fate ? 
4:20 PM - Still haven't had time to eat lunch ( though I did snarf down 3 root beer flavored Dum-Dum lollipops at the bank ) . Guess I'll wait the 40 minutes and eat dinner ... I hate busy days . 
Interesting morning . Saw a red-tailed hawk overhead while driving to Stanardsville . Wish my \Honest T\ " tasted better . Why can't Whole Foods < PROPFEMALE > Snapple ? A little deception might taste better right now . " 
Quiet day at the office . Phones quiet - no recordings or closings . Just title committments to type . It's actually kind of pleasant . :-/ 
Okay - so , turns out I just accidentally encouraged one cousin to flirt with another cousin this morning on Facebook . Although , he does look like < PROPMALE > Gyllenhall . Does anyone have jumper cables , because apparently my brain's battery is dead . 
has inadvertently made a new friend . She's about 6 -8 months old , all black , with a pink camouflage patterened collar and follows me everywhere . She's just a BABY !!! ( Think my landlord will mind ? ) Think I'll call her Nuit , after the Egyptian Goddess of the Night Sky ... ( Baby Clio is VERY put out , by the way ... ) 
Poor L'il Nuit - left her at the sliding glass door this morning when I went to work . But was very firm with her : if she gets scared or someone comes by , she is to hide under the deck and be quiet until the coast is clear or I get home from work , which ever comes first . Don't think she listened though . And she needs to stop hissing at Baby Clio , who I think finds it very rude . 
Hurry up and wait , hurry up and wait . Then drive like a bat out of hell all afternoon . Let's just get GOING ALREADY !!! 
On a serious note : Have been living under a dark cloud of grief for nearly a year ; grief for what's happened and sadness over what never came to be . And this weekend , the pall passed , the sun broke through . I may be sorrowing again before nightfall , but at last I've breathed in the warmth of living , and that'll last me a while . 
four hours on the road and I end up back at the office . You'd figure that after 4 hours of driving I could've at least arrived somewhere good . 
So yesterday my grandmother turned 87 . No doubt she was at the casinos in Atlantic City . Hope that < PROPMALE > with ears Trump comp'ed her martinis . ( It's the very least he could do . ) 
Coming off of a thoroughly lovely weekend with Tee and < PROPFEMALE > Hope , which we spent quality time with a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > Red Port , Norwegian Heaven Cake , a 17th century Tibetan singing bowl ( you rock < PROPFEMALE >!) and dinner at < PROPFEMALE > Moore's pub . I wish Tee could turn 50 every weekend ! ( And I wish < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > could've been there ! ) 
is going to see the house tonight , as in THE house . Guess a pending short-sale/under contract just isn't what it used to be . < PROPFIRST > - you rock !!! ( hope the Buddha is still in the front yard . ) 
is , depending upon the results of a home inspection , is going to make an offer on a house , on THE house . ( Thanks Grandpop . ) And now the painful , pulling-teeth waiting game begins . In the meantime , I'll be going through a lot of 3 Olives < PROPFEMALE > Vodka , so you all may want to buy stock in that company . 
Half of Charlottesville seems to have no electricity ; 60% of the traffic lights are out ; all of the phone lines are down ( except for the < PROPMALE > people in < PROPFEMALE > ) , and I can't even pump gas , so I ask you this : What the hell am I doing at work ? Let's pack this sh*t up and GO HOME ALREADY !!! 
Okay - so here's the status : I definitely , almost have a ratified contract to buy a house , sort of , maybe . But it's absolutely , possibly almost approved , and most assuredly , maybe going to happen . We think . Kind of . And the home inspection is scheduled for July 7th . 
is thoroughly bummed . I missed a < PROPMALE > to have a drink with the < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and B-Dog because I was too busy B-ing sick as a DOG . Miss you guys . Believe me when I say I desperately wanted to be there ... 
OK-these people need to stop messing with me ; I want to buy your house , NOT use your settlement company , alright ? Why , you ask ? Well first , your settlement co . is in Rockville , < PROPFEMALE > and I'm in < PROPFEMALE > , second , I WORK FOR a settlement company , and third - IT'S ILLEGAL FOR YOU TO REQUIRE IT IN ORDER TO RATIFY A CONTRACT , you MORONS !!! 
is trawling the Outer Beaches Realty website ; should I try to go to the beach this year ? Probably not . But I LOVE the beach . Should I ? Shouldn't I ? Really probably shouldn't . I may have to buy appliances . Anybody want to split the rent an OBX beach-house in late August/early September ? Eh - nevermind . The beaches will probably full of crude oil by then anyway ... 
Funding authorization and a Continuous Marriage Affidavit keep me from finishing my day . ARRRRRGGGG !!! 
So - it's done . I have exercised my right to terminate my purchase contract on the house I wanted so , SOOOOOOOOO badly . Sometimes being jerked around just isn't worth it . ( Hope it rattles a cage or two , nonetheless . ) 
Well , in order to distract myself from my recent house-hunting disappointment , I've picked a fight with a local libertarian who's complaining about his taxes . All because my congressman is doing a bartending fundraiser in town tomorrow to raise money for the local sexual assault resource center . ( I know- Rep. Perriello is obviously a real bastard and needs to be stopped . After all , everyone knows Merlot is so passe . ) 
was very disappointed to see that , on second glance , the new local radio station's call letters were w-V-t-f . I had hoped they were W-T-F and that they would be playing < PROPFIRST > Black monlogues . 
So , just baited a misogynist . Two days ago baited a Libertarian . Who's next ? ' Cause I got the whole weekend ahead of me ! ( Although , in my defense , the misogynist REALLY had it coming . ) 
Virus ** esp for < PROPFIRST > Shields ** ; )\ 
spreading like wildfire on Facebook !! It is a Trojan worm called \Knob \ 
Just an interesting observation : When I was younger , everyone was freaked out that might I get pregnant and have a kid ; now that I'm 39 everyone is freaked out that I've never gotten pregnant and don't have a kid . My question therefore is : WTF ? 
Wonder Twerp ( otherwise known as Nuit ) is at the vet to get spayed . Wonder if she'll calm down once all those hormones work their way out of her system . ( Hope and Delusions always spring eternal . ) 
quarter to 5(PM ) on Friday and I can't get near the copy machine . 
Is it me , or does Dr. Pepper taste like it ought to have cocaine in it ? 
So many birthdays today ! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and last ( but not least ) Mom ! I have to say though - I'm really quite exhausted after my < PROPFIRST > tology opus . 
So my office is down the street from the local Planned Parenthood . As I drove past today , there were two 30ish men standing outside of it , one holding a sign saying \Pray to end abortion\ " the other holding a sign saying \ " Babies are a blessing . \ " I was so annoyed on so many fronts ( see below ) " 
is tired . 
wants to get home and eat brownies with a big glass of milk ... ideally in my jompies , lolling on my new 450 thread-count sheets ( thanks < PROPFIRST>'s Club ! ) 
And 3-2-1 , there it is ! The half-way point of the week ! It's half over people ! Congratulations ! You've all been humped . 
Ah , the upside of working in real estate . Learned today that the house I had wanted to buy CANNOT be sold . Why ? Because one of the owners is in bankruptcy , and the case has neither been terminated nor dismissed ( nor has a homestead deed been recorded ) . But here's a head scratcher - why didn't the SELLERS ' AGENT know that ? ( I really hate people ... ) 
is now completely bummed . The place I used to get my falafel sandwiched went out of business . And I was really jonesing for a falafel sandwich too . Although on the bright side - Whole Foods had Thai chicken with peanut sauce hoagies on sale for $5 . 
RAIN !!! Buckets and buckets of rain ! Falling out of the sky like ... like RAIN !!! ( And I\m not out in it ! THERE'S the real rarity . ) " 
Big honkin ' dragon fly hovering in the parking lot in front of the office . Hi fella ! 
4:43 PM - I imagine cousin < PROPFIRST > is pacing himself with late afternoon beer before he gears up for the serious drinking after dinner . Blood alcohol level : . 295 , possibly over . 30 . Pace yourself < PROPFIRST > . You've got a whole LIFETIME to drink . You don't want to blow out a lobe of your liver before you're 30 . 
A banana and a brownie for breakfast . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! You're my new best friend ! 
White lotuses in bloom at the pond's edge on Four Seasons Drive . 
2 Excedrin Migraine , and the headache has finally abated . Don't mess with me migraine , I've got OTC's . 
is procrastinaing ... ( you have no idea how long I put off typing that ... ) 
Courtesy of the thread of Aunts < PROPFEMALE > and Patricia : Have you thanked your DNA today ? 
Alright-here it is ; There are people in this country who would burn me at the stake for my spiritual beliefs . There are people who blame me ( and my ilk ) for the destruction of the World Trade Center . Therefore I refuse to condemn anyone else's religion , as well as where and how they worship . PERIOD - end of discussion . If I would have my own freedom , then I am obligated to < PROPMALE > others theirs . 
Really wants and ice-cream sundae and a side of french fries ... or possibly onion rings . And none of that Dairy < PROPFEMALE > stuff either . Full on diner/Friendly's/Richman's ice-cream sundae . Wonder if Timberlake's drug store downtown still makes them . ( I hear they have amazing milkshakes . ) 
Magaritas and ink with < PROPFEMALE > ? Or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and pulled pork sandwiches at home ? < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > - where are you ? 
Seems trivial , but nonetheless , hope the car passes inspection today . ( C'mon Miss Moonbeam ! It's a silver car . ) 
To everyone who switched up their Facebook account settings because of my post - You're welcome ! But I'm feeling a little guilty over all the approbation . I only passed the info on . Your REAL Facebbok privacy hero is < PROPFIRST > LaDue . Props to you , < PROPFIRST > ! 
So , turns out that on the Daily Show's expose regarding the town of Cape May lifting their ban on Speedos , my aunt and her husband are among the freedom-loving Speedo friendly . Look for the couple on the park bench on the boardwalk ! 
is multi-tasking . ( Just wanted to warn you all . ) 
For those of you wondering how the tour of the townhouse went last night , all I can say is that the wheezing has finally stopped . One word that those of you who have a house on the market right now might want to Google : dehumidifier . 
And the modem is finally up and running again . 
So , there was a house I wanted to buy . List price was $75K . I offered $80K . Within a week of withdrawing my offer ( for lots of reasons ) , the price was jacked up to $160K . It has been dropping $10K every 2 weeks since early July , and is now down to $100K . So , I ask you dear friends - W T F ? Seriously . 
Just a helpful hint to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > outpatient/mammography center : You don't need to have the thermostat set THAT low . I realize having breasts is the number one risk for breast cancer , but making me freeze my t*ts off while I wait for an ultrasound machine to open up does not qualify as preventive care . ( TMI ? Sorry . ) 
In light of the actions of the Dove World Outreach Center , I'm thinking of staging my own 9/11 protest/demostration : Burn a Quran Burner Day . Strictly BYOECP - Bring Your Own Extremeist Christian Psycho . Bic lighters will be provided at the event for a small fee . 
After a good , long brood , has decided to not let the perfect be the enemy of the good . ( Thanks TeriAnn ! Needed the talking to last night ! ) 
Today , is World Suicide Prevention Day . In support , please change your status to : Suicide is not about ending life . It is about ending pain . There is HOPE for healing . No one should be afraid or embarrassed to ask for help . Let's start the conversation , raise awareness , reverse an attitude , Save A LIFE ! www.take5tosavel ... ives.org www.att ... itudesinreverse.org\ 
Take 5 To Save Lives | World Suicide Prevention 
is helping her fellow < PROPFIRST > tologists valndalize our leader's Facebook wall . Oh < PROPFIRST > - you'll never learn . ( I'm going to have to say a LOT of \Hail < PROPFIRST >\" s for this . ) " 
Alright , it's 2:30 . Time to start to get the corned beef in the pot . 
T-Minus 50 minutes and counting until Corned Beef and Colcannon ... ( see you in an hour < PROPFEMALE >.) 
STOP CALLING !!!!!! NO ONE WANTS TO TALK TO YOU !!!!!!!! And NOOOOOOOO I can't help you !!! 
2 ( count ' em TWO ) possible job interviews for Mom ? AND I migth buy a house ? Is life finally turning around ? Next thing you know I'll wake up and be 20 pounds lighter and < PROPFIRST > Clooney will be leaving lovesick messages on my voicemail for me ! 
The house ( as in THE house ) was pulled from the market . Why ? No one knows . Damn it , damn it , DAMN IT !!! 
So , the house is on the market , the house is off the market . The house was $75 , 000 , the house was $160 , 000 , then the house was listed $ 95,000 . The house was put back on the market Saturday . I signed a contract this afternoon . We'll see if it sticks . 
Pop quiz , just to see if you all are paying attention :\ 
\What do you want now ?! \ " - who said it ? \ 
feels pessimistic . Flippin ' real estate . And all the Tarot readings in the world won't cheer me up . 
as she thinks about it , becomes concerned by some of the characters picking up their concealed weapons permits at the local Circuit Court Clerk's offices ... 
is waiting ... again ... 
I take it all back !!! I have a SEEMINGLY , MOSTLY , PRETTY MUCH ratified contract !!! On what house ? THE house , baby , THE house ! \ 
Unless I just jinxed myself with this post . 
Holy sh*t ... I think I'm buying a house . 
Hi , Red-Tailed Hawk ! I'd be lazily riding the thermals too ... though can't say West Rio Road would be my terrain of choice . 
thinks popcorn is the crack cocaine of snack foods . It's not that \you can't eat just one . \ " It's that you can't eat just one handful . You eat it and eat it and eat it until it's gone . " 
is bloody hell glad today is over . ( I thought it would never end . Cousin < PROPFEMALE>'s b-day excepted , of course . ) 
Well , if there is a litmus test for how public/civil discourse has deteriorated in the past few years , I think it must be this : in < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s interview , < PROPMALE > O'Reilly came across as reasonable , mostly sane , and dare I say it ? Almost pleasant . ( Almost . ) That's how low present standards have fallen . 
The < PROPFEMALE > across the street is just beginning to blush red ... 
And the overbearing , self-important ass-hat has been pacified . Thank Goddess ! Can I go home now ? ( And no , I'm not talking about the boss . ) 
And the question on everyone's mind in the office is : will we , or won't we get Monday off for < PROPMALE > Day ? The courts are closed ; the banks are closed ; and so we sit with our fingers crossed , too afraid to ask lest we jinx ourselves . ( And do you know hard it is to type with crossed fingers ? ) 
Crazy , off-the-hook props to cousin < PROPFIRST > for passing the Louisiana State Bar Exam ... probably the only bar in Louisiana that he's ever passed , but I digress ... ;-) 
has , in spite of a sick little < PROPFEMALE > ( who is feeling much better , by the way ) , made it to < PROPFEMALE>'s , and is briefly Facebooking while Tee gets changed and we go out for Mexican food . Margaritas anyone ? And yes , I KNOW , I should be practicing making Manhattans . One thing at a time my friends ... 
Back home from < PROPFEMALE>'s , and what , pray tell , did I bring with me ? A digital camera that I can ACTUALLY WORK !!! Thanks Tee . And thanks for having me . xoxo You're the best . 
realizes , \So THIS is what living in the Weimar Republic was like . \"" 
Because Halloween is around the corner !!! ( And no , I didn't pull that pic off Google ; that cat is my pet ... mid-yawn . ) 
Had a dream this morning , just before waking . I was at a local courthouse and was about to record the deed to my house . I kept showing the documents to the deputy clerk saying \See ? These are MY initials ! This is MY house ! Isn't it wonderful ? \ " And you know what ? It WAS wonderful ! " 
Okay - so drama for nothing . No need to cancel the contract over this initial/lead paint disclosure screw up . Whew . 
Today would be a perfect day to curl up in a sweater and sweatpants and watch the Lord of the Rings Trilogy . And/or nap . With a bowl of candybars . And another bowl of popcorn . I'm REALLY ready to leave work . 
Okay - so like a psycho-hose beast , I have already picked out the kithcen cabinets ( Ikea - I LOVE you ! ) and countertops that I want to put in a house that I don't yet know that I will be allowed to buy . Tomorrow's agenda ? A kitchen floor that I don't know that I will ever lay , and I'm pretty sure I can't afford ( the floor I mean , not the house . ) 
thinks she might actually be breaking Li'l Nuit of biting . So long as I rub her < PROPFEMALE > , she licks more than bites . So , does this mean miracles really do happen ? \ 
( PS - don't'worry , < PROPFEMALE > , you'll ALWAYS be Mommy's little beastie . ) 
Feels like a stapler . Not even as glamourous as a hole punch . And fax machine ? Forget it . Just another tool to be used . 
Shrimp peeled and ready to go in the pan , as soon as my butter melts and I saute some garlic . Basmati rice finished in 8 minutes . I LOVE food ( glorious food ... ) 
Is annoyed and hostile . Was informed that I need to take my 8 remaining vacation days ( out ot 10 ) , NOT by 12/31/10 , but by 12/15/10 . That gives me 7-8 weeks for my offer on the house to be accepted by the lienholder , get a home inspection , close and move . Thanks for putting on the extra pressure and for the fore-shortenend deadline . JUST what I needed . 
thinks people are entirely too emotionally invested in the idea that I am an idiot . Yes , I have my ditzier , dumber moments , but really , no more so than anyone else . 
After getting in past mid-nite from < PROPFEMALE>'s dirty-30 Bowling B-day bash , my mother shared with me her belief in the 9/11 conspiracy theory , as told to her by the new < PROPFIRST > Ventura show on Tru-TV . Apparently there was an explosive chemical in the paint at the WTC . Uh-huh . Instead of a V-chip , I think my TV needs a LOP chip . So , Mr Dillmore , get on it ! 
drove 113 < PROPMALE > this afternoon , and my sorry a$$ ends up back at the office . Hell , I could've been half-way to somewhere good . >:-/ 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed Soldier once in 1 year . A politician flies 1st class ; a Soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a Soldier's is 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a Soldier must justify extra rations . A politician vows to defend their country ; A Soldier actually keeps that promise . Re-post if you support our troops . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > hospital has decided that they will not hire , not just smokers , but anyone who uses any nicotine or tobacco product . And you will be subjected to a drug ( piss ) test . If nicotine is found in your sample , any job offer will be rescinded . You will be permitted to reapply 6 months later . Is this really THE BIGGEST problem facing us as a nation ? Smokers ? Seriously ? 
Supposed to have my annual review today . Wonder if anyone remembered ? 
By the way - just an update : No , no one remembered that today was my 5th anniversary at my job . That's okay . Can't say I'm thrilled about the last 5 years myself . I'll escape . Oh yes , someday , I'll escape ... ( I'm even working on a plan . ) 
So , surprise , surprise , Haliburton is connected to the BP disaster . Well , I guess they don't call Mr. Cheney \Dick\ " for nothing ... " 
thinks Obama might have just landed 30 or so mintues ago . \ 
And by the way - anyone going to the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear , if you want to meet up , send me your cell # in a message and we'll meet by a port-a-potty or funnel cake vendor . ( The Mikes may ignore this message , as I've already got their < PROPFIRST > , so to speak ) . 
Well , the roads in C'Vilel are shut down . The line to get in to see the prez is liter < PROPMALE > ly a mile and a h < PROPMALE > f long . So I am home , waiting for TeriAnn et < PROPMALE > , and making signs . Once my camera battery charges , I'll post pics . 
Well , all I have to say is that I'm VERY disappointed that my sign didn't make the cut for HuffPo . 422 pictures , several repeats , and none of them were of me . I prbably had 50 people take pics of me and my signs . I mean seriously , is there anyone out there that DOESN'T love a non-communist , radically sane , masturbating witch who votes ? This just isn't the < PROPFEMALE > I remember as a child ... 
I rather get the feeling that people don't want what works , but they want what they want to work , to work . I sense that Republicans want to take the country back to the 50's , and yet , the tax rate was much higher then , thus helping to contribute to the propserity of those times . But for all that Republicans reminisce for that \simpler time\ " they won't endorse policy that could bring back that sort of income equality . " 
doesn't want to talk about it . 
Rotten freakin ' news ! House pulled off the market . Is my contract null and void ? Maybe , maybe not . Who knows ? Of course , if it goes into foreclosure , that's not necessarily a bad thing . I've got the title search in , so I could bid on it without too much worry . Oh well - Belize , I may be seeing you sooner rather than later . 
Okay - so let me just give you all an idea of my day . I'm now offically 9 days overdue for my annual review , the boss is nit-pciking at me , I'm snowed under with title committments , the house I put a contract on was pulled off the market , and it rained . All I need now is someone to punch me in the head and/or pee on my leg and the day will be complete . 
What's up with all the lady LOPs ( Little Old Persons ) on the road today ? Is there a Ladies ' Night/Early Bird Special happening somewhere in Charlottesville ? Is the local Senior Center sponsoring free pedicures ? Is there a sale on applesauce and prune juice at Kroger ? What ? 
So , house off the market , house back on the market . With a new listing agent . Okay . But where does that leave me with my seller signed ( but not lienholder signed ) contract . And does this new agent even know I have a seller signed contract ? And don't I qualify for a free prescription of valium by now ? With a mojito chaser ? 
Annual review finally received . 12 Days overdue , but over with . My desk is no longer the problem . I work hard enough . My output and productivity is fine . But I spend too much time online . Well , if I'm working hard enough , and producing enough , what is the problem exactly ? But I guess I need to knuckle under like a good little girl and appease the better paid powers that be ... < *sigh* > 
Lunch our has started . You've got 59 minutes left to Facebook with and counting . 
Okay - littel girl found . So you can call off the 60 second search . ( And thanks < PROPFIRST > M . for giving me the skinny . ) 
Don't usually cut and paste others ' statuses , but this one is worth a look : We\ 
are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th \ 
Alright , 1:09 PM - bye . 
So this is how you want it ? Fine . It's on m*ther-f*ckers . Bring it . 
The house I want to buy now has TWO listing agents from TWO different realty companies . Yeah . I HATE Northern < PROPFEMALE > and especially Northern < PROPFEMALE > REALTORS , who as far as I can tell , are a bunch of crooked , mendacious greedy bastards who thought they could get < PROPMALE > off of Loudon County . ( Sorry B-Dog , but your former neighbors suck . ) 
Okay - I'm annoyed . And I'm annoyed with all of you love-and-light pagans out there ( you know , the feel-good annoying ones ) . Why is it that the poverty or unhappiness of fellow Americans doesn't count with you people ? Why is it always a matter of one's \personal happiness\ " and \ " choices\ " ? GROW UP . Not everyone in this country gets to have choices . Or are you just so affluent that the wolf has never been at your door ? " 
Just an FYI - I did not just fall off of the turnip truck , at least not when it comes to real estate . So if you're gonna pull that sh*t , try harder chucklehead . Capice ? Ya feelin ' me ? 
Updating my \Goodreads\ " < PROPFEMALE > . Damn I've got a LOT of books . ( Not that you can really have too many . ) " 
Sometimes I think the only reason I'm alive is to be disappointed . 
And NOW Facebook is effin ' wi ' me . Goddamnit ! 
is test-driving some new makeup . Foundation is pretty good - made all the way to lunch without being blindingly shiny ; the waterproof eyeline I'm a bit less thrilled with . But the trip to Ulta was absolutely worth it . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Okay , you know what ? Screw you Facebook , S-C-R-E-W Y-O-U . After the day I've had , and you're gonna start this sh*t with me now ? Keep it up , and someone's getting stabbed in the head . 
Brine cooked and outside cooling . Onions , carrots , chopped , bacon minced and ready to be fried tomorrow morning . Turkey rinsed and waiting in the brine bucket . I need another beer . 
HA !!! Turkey in oven ! Or rather , bacon stuffed with 13 pound turkey in oven . Oh yeah , did I mention I wrap my turkey in bacon before I roast it ? And with the bread filling , it's like a big , inside-out turkey club sandwich ! With gravy ! Damn I love food . 
So , a very happy Thanksgiving to you all ! Eat , drink , be < PROPFEMALE > , and for God's sake - NAP !!! I'm heading off to my first nap now . ( Hey , I've been up since 4:30 ) . But maybe I'll have some pie first ( per < PROPFIRST>'s suggestion . ) 
has found the Philly Thanksgiving Day Parade online ! And is that < PROPFIRST > Champion ? He's the perfect dish to go with my pecan pie for breakfast ! 
Turkey resting ; gravy done ; mashing and salting potatoes . Oh , yeah , and starting on the first bottle of Asti Spumanti . And by 3:30 , I should be ready for my nap ! 
Car maintnenace with Mom - \ 
Mom : the temperture light and battery light keep blinking at me . \ 
Me : That's not the temperture light , that's the coolant light . Have you checked the coolant ? \ 
Mom : I wouldn't know where the coolant is under the hood . \ 
Me : It's the one that says \coolant . \ " \ 
Last night's car maintenance lesson : finding the coolant reservoir and adding anti-freeze . This morning's lesson ? Jump starting a dead battery . Tomorrow ? Rotating the tires ? A radiator flush ? Changning the spark plugs ? I shudder to think of the possibilities ... 
So , have picked my person off the Angel Tree at the bank . ' Cause really , I don't need anything or want anything for the holidays ( except a ratified contract on that house ... well , and an extra large bottle of < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > Cream wouldn't go amiss ) . \ 
But I'm actually excited about doing some Christmas shopping . And she wants earrings ! How perfect is that ! I'll throw in a matching necklace too . 
Scrooged ! My favorite Christmas movie . \ 
\Towel . Towel . Towel ... most of these are towels . \ " \ 
Ah , classic , black leather motorcycle jacket from 1992 ; you who I put on layaway when < PROPMALE>'s was having a sale , I missed you . Thank-you for your badass-ness today . It was greatly appreciated . I think I'll go home and listen to < PROPFEMALE > Jam's \Ten\ " after work . " 
During cocktails , has learned the difference between Jersey girls and Philly girls . Apparently it's a matter of lingual agilty and the willingness to take said agility \downtown . \ " Well - I guess < PROPMALE > Springsteen didn't write that song - and they don't call him The Boss - for nothin ' . " 
note to self : drinking for 3 hours on a weeknight is BAAAAAAAADDD !!! Although , I can't be held solely responsible . I was wearing \the jacket . \ " Its badass-ness made me lose my head ( which has finally stopped hurting ) . " 
Run in to Food Lion for cat food ; come out of Food Lion to - SNOW ?! Ex-freakin'-SCUUUUUSE me ?! ( I told TeriAnn to keep that sh*t to herself , ' cause I got enough problems . ) 
Re-posting because it's true : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without medicine . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we give millions of $$$ in taxbreaks to the wealthiest 1% of Americans -- those who need it least !... Will you re-post this message ? 
is really tired of living her life trying to decide in which foot to shoot herself . 
I need to remember this :\ 
Neither fire nor wind , birth nor death can erase our good deeds . \ 
- Buddha 
Shrimp peeled . Rice nearly done . That's right , we're having a sort of improvised scampi with rice . YUM !!! Perfect for a cold night . 
Angel Tree girl bought for . One red sweater , size large ( but afraid it may not be big enough ); one Christmas DVD ( live action \Grinch \") . And I'm a dollar under budget . All I need now are earrings ( free ) and a tree ornament ( 2 for $5 at World Market ) . " 
And a belated shout out to the Moon : Beautiful peach < PROPFEMALE>'s Bow in the southwest sky last night about 6PM . I've paused to soak it in if I hadn't been barreling down the 250/29 By-pass at 60 , er I mean , 55 mph . 
REALLY thinks < PROPMALE > Mays should have a New Years < PROPFEMALE > party . I think everyone should repost this as their status :: peer pressure ::\ 
{ because I sometimes cave to peer pressure } 
Thanks to cousin < PROPFEMALE > for posting her pics of the Wanamaker Christmas Water and Light Show . It made me all nostalgic . xoxo to < PROPFIRST > . 
is straightening up her desk , because she knows damn well that whenever she takes time off , someone's gonna be sitting at it , and she's going to get scolded like an errant schoolgirl once she comes back to work . Goddamnit . >:/ 
It \isn't politically correct . It's correct correct . \ " \ 
You know , what I want most for Christmas/Yule is a lender-ratified contract for that house ( of course ) . And if I DO get that house , a dishwasher . But I'm thinking that a pair of purple Doc Martens wouldn't go amiss . Yeah , I may be a little too old for them . But I'm also a little too old to really give a sh*t about being a little too old . 
Is having an anxiety attack . If I can just keep from climbing up the walls via my fingernails , I'll be fine . 
Extreme Makeover : Desk Edition continues ... 
So , got a call from my realtor this afternoon . The sellers ' agent expects an answer about my offer on the house by January 9th . Fingers crossed . 
So here's my day in weirdness , in chronological order : driving to < PROPFEMALE > , I saw a cow and a bull having sex and almost got hit in the Kroger parking lot by a girl talking on her cell phone while backing out of a parking space . ( I was NOT in a car , but on foot . ) I'm not even getting into the VERY slow old man on Earlysville Road . And I haven't even eaten lunch yet . 
Weird day - Part II : Mom slammed the screen door . It got jammed and she was trapped in the house , until 2 of our neighbors armed with screwdrivers pried it open and rescued her . Oh , and it's going to snow tomorrow . \ 
Somebody save me . 
Just an FYI to my neighbors who were born and raised in Virginia : Yes , I am from New Jersey , but no , I do not have magical powers that enable my to drive in the snow . See , where I'm from they have these miracle machines called SNOW PLOWS , and they know how to use them . Thus my people are able to drive when there is 4 inches of snow on the ground . Y'all might want to look into buying a few . 
And to repeat ( because it bears REPEATING , apparently ) When driving up a hill on a snowy road - DON'T STOP ! DON'T FREAKIN ' STOP !!! Because now my car is trapped halfway down the road because I needed all the momentum you in your M*THERF*CKING SUV denied me . WHY ?!!! Because you had to chat to the other stranded motorists . I HATE YOU ! AND CURSES UPON YOUR UNBORN CHILDREN !!! Ya prick . 
Okay , I've got a question : Why would a municipality wait until there is 2 inches of snow on the road before plowing ? I'm looking at you Charlottesville . 
Car home safe and sound and in her own parking space . Poor Miss Moonbeam . Glad to have you tucked in safe tonight . 
Day one of my vacation time . And I'm off to run errands ( damn it ) . 
Okay - the good news (?) no running errands . The bad news ? The car won't start . The REALLY bad news ? It's not the battery ( which is not even 2 weeks old yet ) . < PROPFEMALE > FREAKIN ' Christmas to me ! Oh well . ( And I do realize things could be much , MUCH worse . It's still frustrating though . ) 
Okay - had a smoke and I take back my cranky , bitchy post . At least the car is stuck in my parking space , and NOT on Mountainwood . Miss Moonbeam started and got home Friday night . I DO realize how lucky I am . It may take me a few minutes , but I eventually come around . Thank-you ye Automotive gods . Blessings upon you . 
Alright - I don't mean to be all \Islama-phobic\ " but all I can say is that it is startling and unnerving to come face to face with a woman covered head to toe with only her eyes showing . I really DO have respect for others ' beliefs . Pity their beliefs don't seem to respect female personhood . " 
And now , I think Miss < PROPFEMALE > is getting just a little brighter again on her outer right-hand edge ... Glad to have you back ! 
So I THINK I'm done for the week ( except for a run to the grocery store ) . Got the car to the dealership without getting it towed . ' Cause didn't the sucker start right up this afternoon ? Either way , I believe I had finished the hard stuff on my to-do list . ( Wish my overwhelming anxiety disorder would listen . ) 
By the way , I found this statement odd . < PROPFEMALE > doesn't want to let gays serve in the state national guard because a man doesn't want to be worried about being sexually assaulted by his fellow soldiers when under fire in a foxhole (?) . You know , there are so many avenues to more fully illuminate the ridiculous of this statement that I don't even know where to begin ... 
Well - goodnight all . I am worn out with my admiration for < PROPFIRST > Obey ( which is deeply deserved ) . But I need to go all couch potato for a bit and then head off to bed . Love to you all ! 
So , RE-posting : < PROPFEMALE > Whatever-Holiday-You-Celebrate ! ( I'm more of a Yule/Winter Solstice sort of gal myself ... ) 
On the phone with < PROPFEMALE > . And in the spirit of the Christmas season - she is de-friending people . 
\Oh < PROPFIRST > - we're fighting again . Let's not fight anymore ... \ " \ 
I think my grandmother just < PROPMALE > up on me ... :/ 
Saw a seagull at Routes 15 and I-64 at Zion Crossroads . Just something you don't see everyday . At least not around here . 
So , just found out this afternoon that the office had their Christmas luncheon last week while I was out . Hell , I didn't even know we were even HAVING a Christmas luncheon . Would've been nice if someone had called to invite me though . Yeah - I really feel like an important part of the team . Thanks for the appreciation . 
Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! Got my car out of the shop , picked up some soft Chimichangas with beef tips from Guad and busted open a bottle of Asti Spumanti . You know why ? ' Cause I'm friends with < PROPFEMALE > Franzen , and she said I could do what I want ! After all , she IS < PROPFEMALE > Franzen and she does what she wants ( because she's < PROPFEMALE > Franzen ) . 
So , I THINK I might be getting my singing voice back . I'm not saying I'll be back to my 3-octave hey-day , but Evanescence isn't as hard as it used to be ... and I love to sing . 
Yesterday - the snow storm that wasn't . There was still an accident at the 250/29 by-pass at the I-64 junction . So I hid out in Belk for an hour to let traffic clear up and what should I happen upon ? A LINGERIE SALE !!! There's nothing like a new bra to give you a lift ! And now it feels like I can rest my < PROPFEMALE > on my breasts . Haven't yet scored any folded one-dollar bills though ... 
So , don't misunderstand me , I really AM happy to have Monday off . I just would've liked to know I was getting Monday off prior to 4:27 PM TODAY . Lookit - they've done studies , a < PROPMALE > contributor to happiness is ANTICIPATION . Being able to anticipate a 3-day weekend would've made the arrival of said weekend that much sweeter for me . Oh yeah , and I could've made PLANS . As cousin < PROPFEMALE > likes to say - Just sayin ' . 
Another red-tailed hawk today on I-64 heading west . If I go home and see my roof covered with red-tailed hawks , a la the white owls in < PROPMALE > Potter , screw everybody , I'm running away to Hogwart's . Just and FYI . 
Is thinking about that box of chocolate chocolate-chip cookies . 
is convinced that all mortgage companies and insurance companies are nothing but a bunch of bookies . And if they can arrest a bunch of little old Italian men for racketeering , they ought to be able to set up a sting and arrest Bank of < PROPFEMALE > or GMAC Mortgage or CIGNA Insurance . Just sayin ' . 
Just got back from closing with an attorney ( outside of town , who shall remain nameless ) and all I can say is that it was like if the Keystone Kops had a law practice ... and were drunk . Jesus , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Okay - a corrective status . I DID NOT go to closing on a house of mine . I work in real estate , so when I talk about closing with someone , I do all the crap work required after lovely folks like you ( and some a$$holes , unlike you all ) get done signing their documents . FYI - your house ain't yours ' til I get to the courthouse . 
So the office opened an hour late this morning so that the roadways could melt . Which was WONDERFUL ! I saw an entire family of bluebirds this morning white taking it easy . Mama , Papa and FIVE babies ! And those babies had a lot to say ! Chirp , chirp , chirp ! I've never seen so many bluebirds all at ones in my whole life ! Coolest thing ever . 
What's for dinner tonight ? Tater tots ! With salt and catsup . Yum ! 
And now the door-knocking Mormons will be praying for me the rest of the weekend . Great . Guess I should've gone to that Scrabble tournament at Court Square Tavern after all . 
Just a question : who's giving to < PROPFEMALE > this Valentines Day ? I ask because I think it would be cool to start a movement or trend or something . 
Did I just see one of Moammar Qaddafi's minions in BLUE camouflage ? Dude , you're in the desert . WE CAN SEE YOU . Moron . 
So , it's going on 9PM and I haven't let Nuit out to play tonight . I am a very bad , very mean , the most not-nicest Mommy in the world . She wanted me to let you all know that . 
10PM and L'il Nuit is not home yet from her evening romp . She's GROUNDED !!! Get < PROPFEMALE > butt home young one ! Mommy wants to go to bed . 
Finally feels semi-human again . Been languishing since last night , feeling nauseous and awful ( don't ask ) . And I think I'm heading back to bed . Yes , at 7:49 PM . I feel that wrecked . On the bright side , L'il Nuit actually snuggled with me in bed , and she's NEVER done that before . Deep down , she loves her mommy , she just doesn't like to admit it . 
STOP CALLING THE OFFICE !!! I'm trying to eat my Big < PROPMALE > damn it ! 
Just an FYI to the bosses and personel managers out there : getting all snarky and attitudinal about old paperwork I'm catching up on doesn't exactly inspire me to clear out the backlog or check for accuracy . I could've just stapled it all and filed it , let it become someone else's problem , and you'd've never been the wiser . Just sayin ' . 
Just out of curiosity , because the topic sort of came up around the office , what is so great about marriage ? Because I gotta tell you , the older I get , the more awful marriage sounds . Just ... awful . 
Is spending the afternoon harrassing real estate attorneys via fax machine . 
By the way - just curious , has anyone had any experience using acupuncture to manage chronic back pain ? Mom's constantly suffering , and all she can get is painkillers and an occasional cycle of steroids . ( And < PROPFEMALE > , I'm looking for your input especially ) . 
Okay , Charlottesville , we've had a nice run for the past 6+ years . But now that < PROPFIRST > Trump has bought 200 acres of the Kluge Estate I think it's time to consider relocating . I mean < PROPFIRST > TRUMP ?! < PROPFIRST > Clooney couldn't buy a vineyard or something ? There goes the neighborhood . 
So , the word is , no three day weekend for me . Presidents Day ? Screw it . 
Well , if I can't get Monday off , I can do the next best thing . Make the problems on my desk someone else's problems . Dear Workaholic Boss , aka < PROPMALE > LeGree , expect to be snowed under . Love , Disgruntled Underling , aka Office Lackey . PS - if you gave me 15 days vacation a year , we could have avoided all of this unpleasantness . 
I think I just accidentally ordered 1200+ Medium binder clips , instead of 12 dozen medium binder clips . Oops . Happy Friday . 
Margaritas in T Minus 17 minutes and counting . ( But hey - who's counting ? ) 
Bean and cheese enchiladas in 20 minutes . BTW - you may not want to walk behind me until Sunday afternoon . I'm warning you all , ' cause I like you . Screw everyone else . Let it be a surprise . 
Would mixing < PROPFEMALE > Red Port with Yeungling Black and Tan be bad ? 
I THINK I know why my knee has been bothering me . Torn meniscus . Ask.com rocks . Now all I have to do is get the time off to go to the doctor and get him to agree . Workin ' for a living sucks . 
How cheaply do you think I can build a 1500 square foot straw bale house ? 
Not that it's come up on Facebook , but DO NOT email me . Apparently there's a Trojan Horse somehow attached to my email account . Just an FYI . Of course your can email me , but I won't be opening my email . Guess it's time to switch to gmail or something . 
Well , after a morning of chest pains that won't go away ( and back pain , and jaw pain and dizziness ) , I think it might be time to get checked for heart disease . Not to be a hypochondriac , I'm just not as young as I used to be is all . 
Doctor's appointment made . Now everybody stop freaking out . I have had chest pains since I was 17 . This episode was just longer lasting . Now go about your usual snarky business . ;-) 
After 30 minutes of my 60 minute lunch hour , I have been told that I \definitely need to go record . \ " Nice . " 
At the traffic circle at Airport Road , was passed by a silver/gray hearse , that was heading north on Earlysville Road , and said hearse had ( I sh*t you not ) bright red flames painted on it . If you want to pimp your ride , that's fine , but DAMN , son ! Seriously ? 
Oh ! Oh ! A present from the JArgo ! What could it be ? What could it be ? 
So - I was about to call the BFF to toast her on finishing her 4th edit on her 1st novel , and who calls but \Mother's Against Drunk Driving . \ " On St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? Seriously . As I'm about to toast my BFF with a beer ? Alanis Morrisette couldn't come up with that irony . " 
Corned beef - done . Colcannon - done . Dinner - about to start . YUM !!! 
So in my < PROPFEMALE > heritage orgy , like a jerk , I forgot to do the most important thing of all , donate to help the hungry . Because were it not for the famine , my ancestor , Neddie Gibbons would never have emigrated from County Mayo . Did it first thing this morning though . $25 feeds an American family for a month . Bon appetit - and I hope you see better times very soon . 
So - I just got the first normal EKG the machine has ever produced , which means I'm SUPER-normal . At least cardiacally speaking . Next best guess for the chest pains : esophogeal spasms . After that , we're going to sludgy bile in my gall bladder . Enjoy your lunch ! 
Finally put on my big girl pants and filed my tax returns . I've got to ask though , how come filing my \free\ " state return cost me $19.95 ? " 
117 < PROPMALE > on the road yesterday . 164 < PROPMALE > today . I'm exhausted . And I have a headache . Can I go home ? On the bright side , I got tha cat muzzle ordered . ( Hey - I need to trim her claws , and she bites . ) 
Okay - to the Moms out there . I realize that it is perennially popular to blame you for everything that could go wrong with your kids , so I don't mean to add to the burden . BUT - that being said , you MUST STOP the self-sacrifice/self-denial because you're a mother now . Whether you realize it or not , your daughters want to know that they can be grown women AND have an identity . 
In light of the US actions in regard to Libya , I realize I have been alive for 4 wars , and my nation has only been at peace for 16 of my nearly 40 years of life . ( And my reckoning starts from Viet < PROPFEMALE > ending in ' 75 with the fall of Saigon ; if you want to bump Viet < PROPFEMALE > ending in ' 73 , that still only means 18 years of peace , STILL less than half of my life . ) F*cking twisted . 
Just loves making my problems someone else's problems . And I know the JUST attorney's office I want to afflict next . 
Bartender - I'll have a Robitussin on the rocks . You know what ? Make it a double . And put it on my tab . 
Body aches mostly gone . Chest congestion loosened up . But the fever is back . By the way , is it normal to dream that you're so hot your brain is going to boil and you'll die . < PROPFEMALE > said she thought I might have been experiencing mild delirium . I also dreamed that I was a whaler and had to dive into the dead whale's brain to get the spermacetti . So maybe delirium WAS on the menu . 
