Sitting at the grandparents , enjoying the evening . < PROPFEMALE > isn't feeling well :( I don't want to leave the snow ! I forgot how much fun sleding was ! 

Doesn't want to go back to the real world . 
Just got home from Illinois , glad to be back in my bed , but missing the people and the snow of D-town . 
Tired of watching time fade . 
Has the night off , YAY ! 
Homework , work , homework , work ... This is my life 
Just got home from work , gotta wait for the bank to open , then I get to sleep . And when I wake up ... Hookah ! YAY ! 
Just waking up , time for homework ... I live such an exciting life . 
just got done with homework , about to help < PROPFEMALE > clean and then go to work ! 
Doesn't want to get out of bed . 
going to work , yay ! 
is back from < PROPMALE > potter and sad that i kept falling asleep ... gr stupid work ! anyways .. i was good of what i saw 
Is moving into the new Apartment today :) 
Happy to be on vacation ! Having a good time so far ! 
Back home from a good vacation . Doing homework all day , really behind ! Then work tonight ... great to be back home HA ! 
All my homework is done , my room is clean , and I'm ready to relax and go to bed ... unfortunately I have to work til 7 AM . 
hehe , I'm good . Just taking one day at a time right now man , I'm sure you know the feeling . How have you been ? 
Is an idiot ... 
Why can't I just focus on one thing at a time , must my mind always be zooming around in a million directions ! I need to concentrate on homework ... wow , my keyboard is really shiny in this light ... and I have decided I want to write a book . 
Is watching Doomsday doing some homework . 
How come every time I update my status it has something to do with me needing to do homework ? Oh ... I'm doing homework . 
Missing < PROPFEMALE > already :( It's gonna be a long semester . 
And the Vikings just took the Bears place ... 
Good outing for Smoltz . 8 games up ! YAY !!! 
Wondering what happens next . Tired of the same old stuff . Waiting on some sort of break . Losing grip ... 
loves waking up and getting yelled at . Maybe I shouldn't sleep at all . 
Home from a busy night at work ... A nice welcome back into management ! 
Just got home from work , big day today ... my promotion rests on how my meeting goes . Time to get some rest . 
Well , meeting canceled . Pushed to tomorrow . Hopefully all goes well then ! 
Wow , it's amazing how information can be perceived in so many different ways ! 
Has spent a wonderful evening with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Do homework , or got to sleep ? 
That time again ... Work Work go away ! 
Gets to finally go to bed ! 
With the roommate , about to get The Beatles Rockband ... yeah . 
About bed time . Work tonight . Yay ! 
Time for some homework , then maybe a book before work . Why do the PAckers have to be playing a late game :( 
Thanks you to everyone for the birthday wishes ! Unfortunately it is time for me to go to work , have a great day everyone , and thanks again ! 
homework , and more homework yay 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > already 
Home from work , just finished Wizards First Rule , amazing book ! Time for bed ! 
I think a night full of video games is in order ! 
Boondock Saints II : All Saints Day ... in theaters October 30th ... Oh hell yeah ! 
Arkham Asylum is far too addicting ... 
feels cheated by a video game :( 
Boo work 
Sitting at home , helping < PROPFEMALE > with a project . Fun fun fun ! 
finally have internet back :) 
feels like crap but has to go to work :( 
Why am I already up ? 
Has been cleaning all day , and now has to go to work :( 
Just got done working a 13 our day , and have to do it all again tomorrow . Yay me ! LOL Goodnight all ! 
Working two jobs is exhausting ... and school is about to be added back into the mix . Sorry to those that I don't talk to enough . I miss you all though !!! 
time for work ... again 
work , work , work , work ... when will it end ? But I got some work done on the book :) 
I'm so tired ... Just got home from job 1 , about to get ready and go to job 2 . 
Day off , YAY ! 
about to head to work . Cleaned the apartment ... only took me 5 hours :( oh well it is done . Glad to have a computer that works again . 
Is off to bed . Long day tomorrow . Goodnight world ! 
Is home sick today . I hate not feeling well . 
For a true status update , read my note entitled \Stuff\ " . Thanks :) " 
just got home from work , time to sleep , and when I wake up ... I get to go to work again til 3 in the morning .... working all day on Thanksgiving . Yay . This is the first time in years if ever that Steak n Shake is open on Thanksgiving ... and our discount got cut again ... The greed of man never ceases to amaze me . I need a new job . 
Just got home from another stupid night at work ... I want something different so bad . 
Enjoying a nice lazy day with < PROPFEMALE > . I need more days like this ! 
I learned something today ... When famous people go see a movie , they get a whole row of seats to themselves . I know this because the theatre manager asked me and my friends to move , because they had someone special coming ... Thank you < PROPFIRST > Swift . 
snores 
getting ready for a long night at work . YAY . 
Just got home from work , time to visit the bank , pay some bills , and play some Dragon Age before bed :) 
hungry ... 
Just read the Coheed news ... And I jumped for joy ... literally ... April 2010 !!!! Can't wait !!!! 
yesterday was awesome . I played some Dragon Age , saw Boondock Saints 2 , and got to spend the evening with my lady . 
I have the wonderful opportunity to work all night long ... yay . 
Quick nap , then lunch with mom and sis , then Avatar at the IMax ... good day ahead :) 
Lunch with Mom and sis at < PROPMALE > and busters , check . Avatar in the IMAX , check . ICE : A < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas , check . Getting to spend an amazing day with the love of my life , check . Great day ! 
really hates my job some nights . 
I can't wait to be back in Illinois to see all my friends and family ! I will be home the 29th !!! 
One more night at work , and then two days off . YAY ! 
just got home from the most insane night at SnS I have seen in a long time ... I need a new job . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Illinois , I will be seeing you in 4 days ! 
Christmas and Coheed ... Ahhh Heaven :) 
The Pack is Back ! 
Just got off work , time for laundry and packing . Leaving for Illinois in the morning ! 
I love all the status updates involving the bears ... Everyone is going nuts cause they won ... their 6th game of the year . Here's an idea , join a team with a winning tradition . GO PACKERS !!!! Rooting for the bears is just like being a cubs fan , there is always next year ;) 
Illinois , here I come ! 
got a new phone number .... again . My new years resolution is to keep this one for -at least a year ! lol 217-358-7626 text me 
Praying for a good change in my life . I'm going to die from stress by 30 if I keep going like I am . 
And the Cardinals have a seven-year Holliday :) 
Work tonight off tomorrow . < PROPFIRST > cleaned the house , YAY ! So maybe a relaxing day off tomorrow . 
Goin for the underdog tonight ... Don't mess with Texas ! 
I would enjoy my job if every night was similar to the past two nights . 
finally , time to sleep ! 
about to get ready for work ... again . I need days off already ! 
So .. my car just broke down ... yay 
Stuck at home all day , but it's my day off . So I can't complain . I guess I should clean or something ... 
Just filed my taxes . Fun stuff . 
Car is on it's way to being fixed , and all I had to pay was the towing fee . Good day . Thanks you to The Walkers for helping me so much !!! It's good to know there is help here when I need it . Time for some lunch , GI < PROPFIRST > the movie , and a nap before work ! 
work work work yay ! 
two more nights of work , then a few nights off ! 
And it's my night off , but I have to go work anyway . :( 
Work then more work 
I feel like crap :( 
Any one know a good lawyer for labor laws or general business laws ? I really have some questions . Thank you . 
going to bed , work tonight then Chatt for the weekend ! YAY ! 
In Chatt enjoying my Miche ! 
getting pumped up for the game tonight ! 
I can't believe my job sometimes . 
Just listened to the new Coheed song \The Broken\ " on there website ... And my day is now better :) " 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day was actually a cute movie . Recommend it for a date . Love my amazing girlfriend !!! 
Wow ... Pirate language rocks :) 
Is officially back in school ! 
Homework done , getting ready for work . That's about it ... 
Just a crazy idea for everyone ... If you go out to eat , and the server does there job , tip them ... we make $2.13 an hour and live on our tips ... Thank you . 
almost bed time ... sadly . 
The problem with growing up is that once you're grown up , people who aren't grown up aren't fun anymore . 
\One Among the Fence \"" 
Doing homework , happy to be off work . I guess I'm feeling sorry for myself , because I'm in such a bad mood ... but what am I feeling sorry for , that is what I need to figure out . Does that make sense ? 
I think I'm on my man period . 
So I just had a thought that made me possibly that happiest person on earth ... New Coheed album only about 2 weeks away ... SOOOOOOOO HAPPY !!!!!! 
Another reason to be happy , MLB Opening Day just one week away ! One week for baseball two for coheed ... What a great two weeks !!!! 
sorry for the delay , been a busy few days . But as promised , my new number is 615-686-8780 . If you want , send me a text with your name in it , and I will save it to my phone . Will be sleeping all day , so don't expect an immediate response . Much love to everyone . 
Cardinals win . Cubs lose . All is right in the world . 
Steak n shake . Radio is currently playing ice ice baby . Wow . This is cruel and unusual punishment 
Homework almost done for the day . Then talk to < PROPFEMALE > and play some rock band with < PROPFIRST > . Fun night . 
Time for work . YAY 
Can anything stop < PROPFIRST > this year ? 
Just got home from my first car ride with the new Coheed album ... Definitely passed the car test . Thought I was going to blow a speaker during < PROPFEMALE > of the Stars ... Awesome album Can't wait to read the lyrics and figure out the story before I read the book ! 
ok , time to get focused and get this paper out of the way 
Leaving for Chatt . Yay two days off ! 
Life , life , life ... That is all . 
So I get home from a twelve hour shift and I get no sleep because of these storms . Although seeing a house floating down the interstate and taking out a car was interesting . How do you file that to your insurance ? 
Sitting at work . Wondering how I can accomplish my goals for the next six months . A lot happening right now . 
Finally the weekend is here for me . Will be busy busy as always . 
Back in dtown for the weekend . 
One week left in H'Ville ... Then it's time for Chatt ! It seems I have a habit for moving to a new city during the World Cup ... Wonder where I will move in 4 years ... hmmm GO USA !!!!!! 
England vs . US tomorrow . Any one else psyched up about this . Go US !!! 
Let the fun begin !!! 
Waking up to see the fog rolling off the mountain . I'm gonna like it here . 
Come on USA . Let's get a win today . 
Again . Really ?!?! 
Thank you < PROPMALE > 
Sad face . 
What an intense ending . Bad luck today Japan but good show . 
Anybody remember the song \Flagpole Sitta\ " by < PROPMALE > Danger ? That song pretty much sums up my mood at the moment ... plus it's a great song to go back and listen to :) " 
Pull the trigger and the nightmare stops ... 
Getting ready to watch what should be a great game . Let's go flying dutchmen ! 
Bye bye Brazil . Hello dutchmen ! 
So I decided to try and play Merentha today ... and it's not working . Oh well . 
Just signed the lease to my new place . I really like it , yay ! So now I have to move from Nashvill to Chattanooga ... fun fun ! 
Has a two bedroom apartment all to himself over looking the mountains . Any one want to move to chatt ? Lol 
So I finally have my beard grown back out . But I think I have a few gray hairs . Ahhh I don't wanna age ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! Now it is time for work ! 
Exhausted from work , but I made good money . Looking forward to the Packers game tomorrow , and a little R&R on monday ! 
I can't wait for next Monday night !!! Mr. Cutler , meet Mr. Matthews ... * grins * 
For the life of me\ 
I cannot remember\ 
What made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise\ 
I cannot believe we'd ever die for these sins\ 
We were merely freshmen 
Life sucks then you die ... get used to it . 
Having a rough day , so I took it old school . Been playing Super < PROPFIRST > RPG for the SNES oh yeah !!! Day better already ! 
I have so much hair on my body I no longer require soap . Only extra shampoo . 
Working the day away ! 
Life is full of tough choices :( 
Happy Birthday Dad ! We miss you ! 
Fun filled weekend in store with < PROPFEMALE > and friends ! Excited about the ghost tour ! 
To all religious folk out there , TIP YOUR SERVERS !!! After serving for multiple years , I have come to the conclusion that Sunday after church guests and Wednesday night youth groups are the most demanding people , and the worst tippers . Yes God needs your money , but I don't like working for $2.13 /hour ... so if you want to spend $200 at a restaurant , and run your server ragged on refills , leave them something , please ! 
Is it just me , or does the new \True Grit\ " look like an amazing movie . Really looking forward to it ! " 
You would think I would be accustomed to being lonely by now 
I wish I could stop time just to catch my breath and get a good nights sleep . 
And the tears come streaming down your face\ 
When you lose something you can't replace\ 
When you love someone but it goes to waste\ 
Could it be worse ? 
Fun night playing cards and throwing darts ! Just what I needed ! 
I need to find someone , or some group that wants to go see the new < PROPMALE > Potter ! I would look pretty sad by myself ! lol 
O . A . R never fails to put me in a great mood ! 
Home from work and bored . Hmmm what shall I do ... 
Coheed and Cambria is all I need . 
Been to hell and back , I can show you vouchers 
< PROPMALE > Potter = Awesome ! The next movie is going to be so action packed it's not funny ! 
So < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > fans tip really well ! My thanks to < PROPMALE > for filling my wallet tonight ! lol 
So , < PROPFIRST > Eat World will be in Nashville in Feb . I have to go ... they are one of my favorite bands that I've never seen live . Any body interested in going ? I would hate to have to go alone ! 
Alright Pack , we need a big win today against those dirty Vikings !!! GO PACK GO ! 
So the Packers now have a kill count on coaches ... lol 2 down ! 
Just set up my Christmas tree :) 
I want to learn to walk with others as an equal\ 
I want to treat the ones who love me with respect\ 
I want to tell the world I'll give them all a piggyback\ 
And try to take away my negative effect\ 
I want to kiss the girl , I know I'll never lie again\ 
I want to call my dad and tell him that I care\ 
I want to let my brother know\ 
He saved my life a thousand times\ 
Throughout the years he's been my friend\ 
Who's always there 
Go Illini !!! WOOT WOOT !!! 
hmmm ... A video game written by R.A. < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > done by < PROPMALE > McFarlane and the designers from the Elder Scrolls games ... not to mention this game stole people from Blizzard , Bethesda , and EA among others ... Sign me up !!! 
Back in the dirty D . Let's see how it goes this time . 
And we are playoff bound !!! GO PACK GO !!! 
We're going to the Super Bowl !!!! I am out of my mind excited !!! 
Start at BWW today , YAY two jobs , good bye free time ! 
It's always nice to average $20/hour at work . Especially on a 10 hour shift ! And hello bed ! 
Well . Bww just called me to say that they are closing for the day . So I have a day off . Yay for blizzards ! 
We are the champions of the world !!! I am so happy right now !!! GO PACKERS !!!! 
So I have two valentines this year . Steak n shake and buffalo wild wings . On the plus side I just got my glasses . I can see again . Yay !!! 
Dominos at 12:30 am . Gotta love it ! 
Sitting in a bar by myself watching an 80 year old man sing karaoke . This is the life . Lol 
Couger . Roar . 
And I'm on to the next one . 
Got to watch the dunk contest tonight at work . Griffin over a car . Holy cow man . That was amazing !!! 
Wow . What a bad day . Glad it's over . 
So I thought we were done with snow for the year ... I thought wrong it would appear :( 
Prayers go out to all my family . We lost a great man this evening . But I can only imagine the party Uncle < PROPFIRST > is having right now with all the others we have lost . One day we will all be together again ! 
I think my body hates me . 
Last night thunderstorms . Today snow . Mother earth must be on some good drugs ! 
Well . It's St. Paddy's Day . And the first true day of the tournament . It's gonna be a good day ! 
Beautiful day ! Off to the park to play some sports ! 
Has a new laptop , YAY !!! 
Opening day is soooo close ! I can't wait for some baseball !!! First day I have off I'm declaring a random STL road trip to go see a game ! 
Well . It looks like the cardinals are in for a long season . 
Thank you Garcia for that spectacular performance ! Go Cards !!! 
