< PROPFIRST>'s flight arrives at 4 p.m. on July 30th . T-minus 7 days . 

< PROPFIRST > is home . 
needs a job . pronto . 
starts his new job tomorrow . 
quit his job . Starts his new job tomorrow at Athens Consulting ! woo !! 
< PROPFIRST > needs more friends to < PROPFEMALE > out with on saturday evenings . 
leaves tomorrow for his first week-long business trip . Wish him luck . 
anybody want to play soccer ? 
got promoted . woot woot . 
What do you expect ? Anything less would be uncivilized . 
< PROPFEMALE > todo para regresar . 
Anybody want to play soccer ? 
Nueva cancion de < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved . 
si mañana te vas , mañana te olvido . 
time for an overhaul . 
is going to establish an RMTC so RM's , if needed , can stop failing and start living life(the way the Lord wants them to , of course ! ) 
I survived because I was too angry to die . 
Si vives la < PROPFEMALE > de minuto a minuto , encontrarás en cado < PROPFEMALE > o de ellos , < PROPFEMALE > motivo por la cual conducirte a la forma correcta . 
is headed to Vancouver . 
Its 10% luck , 20% skill , 15% concentrated power of will , 5% pleasure , 50% pain and 100% reason to remember the name . 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes !! 
guys , I love < PROPFEMALE > , but I have England winning this game . cmon you Brits ! 
Germany lost , USA ended in a draw , and England ended in a draw . Seriously , World . Why are there so many good obscure teams ? 
Literally has nothing to do today . 
is about to embark on a critical moment in history . The launch of iPhone 4 . And an 18 hour shift . Don't want to miss the action ! 
... and the iPhone madness continues . 
Tiësto is no mere mortal . 
Lebe Deutschland !! 
Anybody want to watch the Germany-Spain game with me tomorrow ? 
Okay . So Germany lost . They are still awesome . Lebe Deutschland !! Wir sind die besten !! \ 
\ 
On a semi-related note : anybody want to go to west high with me on Saturday and shoot around the football ? 
Wanted : roommate . Text 801.244.6052 if interested . 
I murdered the dance floor . Call the cops . 
It's a freaking epidemic ! 
It's a cloudy day !! 
just met < PROPFIRST > Mayer at work . 
But I'm just puttin two up , chuckin up the deuce now . 
This is my room . And this is my dresser . It's where I keep my shirts when I'm not wearing them . 
We're going deep , and we're going hard . 
I know you're mad , but so what ? I wish you best of luck . And now I'm gonna throw those deuces up . 
Estoy a punto de emprender mi viaje con rumbo hacia lo desconocido . 
Small successes are always better than large failures . 
Just met the lead singer of MercyMe . Booya . 
Nothing to do on a Friday night ? Check . 
Anyone want to go with me to the Tiësto concert on November 13th in < PROPMALE > ? 
Dear Salt Lake weather :\ 
You are stuck in a rut . I'm sorry to be the one to tell you that , but frankly , we're all thinking it . Sure , your relationship with the sun is great . But it's time to branch out and try new things . Like rain . \ 
If you want to talk I'm always here for you . Except for right now . Because I'm doing a rain dance . 
For those of you paying attention to Salt Lake's current weather : it's raining . \ 
If interested in learning the rain dance , i will now be offering lessons . Please contact me if interested . 
Whoever wants homemade tomato soup and grilled cheese made with muenster cheese and fresh cut sopressata can just come over . 
LEEROY ... AHJENKINS !!!!!! 
TRAMAMPOLINE !!! TRABOPOLINE !!!! 
It's not even 12:30 and I've been cursed out twice . Bad day . 
Attention world :\ 
\ 
We , the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , now have sole possession of one of your most awesome treasures : DJ Tiësto . \ 
All 11 shows of his 2011 tour will be occurring in Las Vegas , NV . \ 
... neener , neener , boo , boo . We have him and you don't . \ 
Thank you . \ 
p.s. USA !! USA !!! USA !! 
Common sense is the most uncommon thing . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . 
Muck Fichigan . 
He sido bendecido y afortunado de tener alguien como tu a mi lado . Gracias por las memorias . Aunque tu no me crees , siempre me las guardaré . 
No temáis , pequeñitos , porque sois míos , y yo he vencido < PROPMALE > mundo , y vosotros sois de aquellos que mi Padre me ha dado ; y ninguno de los que el Padre me ha dado se perderá . 
Life boils down to a series of choices . Before long , the choices you make , and the ones you don’t , become you . But which you ? Worse ? Better ? Someone you can’t even recognize ? It can make you question everything : whether you are strong enough ; good enough . All choices lead you somewhere . Bold choices take you where you are supposed to be . 
Bought a wicked Italian road bike . Booya . Pictures to follow . 
is nervous for tomorrow . Keep me in your prayers . Thanks 
Is Army bound !! EOD for life !! Hooah ! 
will swear in tomorrow to officially become a soldier . Anyone who wants to come witness , text me for time and directions . 801.244.6052 
... or not . A Medical Disqualification is cool too . Thanks though . We had a good run . 
So I found out my medical insurance plan expired 4 days ago . I can renew it , but it won't become effective until tomorrow . \ 
... so it figures that during the 4 day window of no coverage that I break my hand and have to go to the ER . \ 
Hellooooo medical bills . 
