It's two days after my due date and I'm still pregnant . Why ? 

In 2011 I hope I will be the happiest I've ever been . Hoping to find that special someone to give my love to and share my life with . 
I love my babies 
I'm finally loving life again 
Looks like I'll still be driving two hours every day to work for a while . I hope it's not forever . 
A mistake is only a learning experience . 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you even more the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only seconds old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put this on your status , if you have children you love more than life !! 
Things happen for a reason , things happen for a reason , things happen for a reason . 
So excited for my 4 day weekend ! 
I despise waiting forever at the Dr. office . 
Finally , no more commuting 2 hours a day ! I am soooo happy , so relieved . I will have so much more time to enjoy life ! Only two more weeks . 
The count down has begun . Only eight more days of work in Las Cruces ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . You guys are great ! 
One more week ! 
My daughter slept through the night last night . I hope she makes it a habit . 
I like it on the couch ... 
Tomorrow is that last day I will make the drive to Las Cruces for work . I've wanted this for a long time and I am sooo happy , but I'll miss all my girls from work . 
Oh how I will miss seeing the hot border patrol agents every day as I am driving home . Especially the one that used to smile at me from ear to ear . Too bad I didn't get his name . 
First day of work in Alamogordo . Got to wake up two hours later . Spent some time with my kids before work . Got to have lunch with my kids . Home by 5:30 , took my son to the movies . I could get used to this ! 
Went to Zumba today . Freakin awesome ! I am going to work my ass off ! 
had Zumba for lunch ! 
It's so nice to be able to go out and do things during the week after work because now I have the time , motivation and energy to do things . I'm loving it ! So is my son I'm sure ! 
Here waiting to get my visitors pass so that I can get base . This is taking forever ! 
Everyone send me positive vibes so I don't get called out while I'm on call after hours for the next 9 days . 
So I've come to the realization that I actually like my job . Crazy huh ? 
There was a guy today in my Zumba class for the first time . It was quite entertaining . He did better than all the females ! 
It's so nice to have someone tell you that you look good and know that they really mean it . 
Ohh the perks of my job . Eye candy ... just the way I like it . 
I finally feel completely like myself again . But I'm a better , happier me ! 
Enjoying some one on one time with my baby girl . It's sooo quiet without my son around . 
I was interviewing a little girl today for work . I asked her if she had any questions for me . She said , no , but I have a comment , You're very pretty . Sooo sweet ! Made my day ! 
This day is dragging . I'm sooo ready to go home . Hurry up 5:00 
Wine ... yummy 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood ! The \ 
goal is to not see a human face on Facebook till Monday , December 6th . \ 
Join the fight against child abuse ! Copy & paste this message to \ 
your status to invite all your friends to do the same 
I'm ready for bed . Too bad my kids are wide awake . 
Not having a very fun day today 
One more hour . Yay ! 
I cannot get out of this funk that I'm in . I need some laughter . 
Wish I could have a drink right now ... more like a few drinks 
Back to Zumba today ! I haven't been in a week . I was a very bad girl last week . Gotta go at least 4 times this week . 
Yay , two more hours ! Ready for my 4 day weekend ! 
I feel like a beached whale . No more food ! 
I need a drink . =( 
Thank you < PROPMALE > Light . I'm feeling much better now . 
I thought friends and people who care about you are not supposed to take advantage of you . I guess that's what I get for being too nice . 
Wow , I'm so happy ! 
After an amazing weekend , now I've lost my wallet . This sucks 
Ready for my amazing weekend ! 
So excited for my weekend !! It's needs to get here already ! 
So sad that I lost my ipod =( 
I just love always having something to look forward to ! =) 
Going in for surgery tomorrow morning . Not looking forward to it , but it has to be done . 
Wide awake waiting for my pain pills to kick in . Having surgery sucks 
=( 
Back to the real world tomorrow 
I just don't get it !!!! 
Is it barely Tuesday ? =( Three and a half more days to get through this week . I can do this . 
Feeling weird today . Glad it's Friday 
Off to spend some quality alone time with my special someone ! 
