< PROPFIRST > Moschete made me do it , blame him ! 

< PROPMALE > Marley is the man . Best comedian ever . 
I can't find a site that streams Gunslinger girl without the damn english dubs . 
College Seminar sucks balls . I hate having to skip lunch for it . 
Bleach has a badass soundtrack . Rurouni Kenshin as well . 
Why does making a Warcraft 3 clan take so damn long . People on bnet are such tards cause they are impatient bastards that don't want to stay in one place for more than 3 seconds . 
wantz Burger < PROPMALE > ... 
Fucking addictive dota ... I will get you for this !!!!! ( stayed up until 2:00 am playing dota ) 
salty soup is salty soup ... and salty soup is ramen . Yum ... 
How many licks DOES it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop ? 
Dirt tastes good when your hungry . Don't ask , but lets just say that I thought that the cafeteria food tasted particularly good today . 
Tired from pokemanz ... even though we only got through like 1 and 1/10 movies out of 3 . 1/10 pokemanz , 1/10 pizza , 2/10 < PROPFIRST>'s , 6/10 brawl . 
Its kind of akward when you have nothing interesting to say on your own facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 
Parents be bitches yo ... I hate them when they will not leave your life alone ... wtf yo ... 
Neeeeeed ... moarz < PROPFEMALE > coke ... 
sleep is a good thing ... need to go to sleeep ... 
What is the difference between spontaniously combusting and spontaniously being set on fire to a point of exploding ? 
You know you're a true geek when you love listening to video game themes . 
Over two months of being seizure-free . This is truely a Happy New Year . Happy New Year everyone . 
Cramming school projects into one night really isn't so bad . In two nights I got my multiculuralism final done and in one night I got my photography project done . For college seminar I finished my draft for my final in a study hall . Its just tedious work ... School sucks . LoL 
Ugh ..... senior year is so god damns tressful . I neeed more caffine . Why does the year seem to be going by a hella lot slower even though I only have to go to half of it ? Buuuuuull Shiiiiiit . >.> 
World Wake Pre-release was sooooooooooooooooooooo dissapointing . I got complete and utter junk rares . I love the set though . A nice second set to the block . 
Yuck . Getting quarter 2 work in during quarter 3 is a bitch on a stick . ( wtf ...? ) 
World Wake draft , 5th pick admonation angel = ^^ x 100000000000000 
Dumb Jorma and his Pre-Calc homework ... 
Too ... much ... chocolate ... cake ... bleah ... ( pretend barf ) 
Sad emo face for no dota due to phail laggy constantly logging hosting bot . :( 
You know , its kinda depresssing that from the moment we are born we begin to die . 
Oh wtf , people actually remembered . LoL . 
Graduation Party at my house . Starting at 3:00 pm till like 5 or 6 . If you want to come and don't know where I live , it's < PROPMALE > Way off of Blackstrap and its the second house on the right . Feel free to pop on in , no rsvp needed . 
Looking back , high school wasn't as bad as I thought it was . I will miss my brilliant educators who made me who I am today . Best wishes to them . 
Surgery sounds good . Epilepsy kinda sucks so ... yeah , driving could be fun . 
Portcon . The best 4 days of the year . Just THE BEST ever . 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF Portcon is r over . Sadface . 
Like , what is up with life man . Our entire way of thinking and logic could be flawed or worse , completely incorrect . What is even more mindblowing is that what I am typing right now has no merit to it as it is using that very same type of thinking and logic that could very well be flawed ! Omg man . Deep . 
So , I'm going to start doing \Riddle of the day\ " in a sad attempt to get people to post on my wall more often . Lets start . ( Continued on in next post ) " 
Riddle Of The Day : \The Boxng Match . \ " At the end of a long hard boxing match 
Riddle Of The Day : \Stranger Danger . \ " A man and his wife were driving quickly from the suburbs into town when \ 
Riddle Of The Day : \Flying High\ " A novice skydiver had gotten into a plane one day and was planning to do\ 
Riddle Of The Day : \Wind of the Trees\ " I can change in the blink of an eye . Despite my ability to shape-shift 
Riddle Of The Day : \Wind of the Trees\ " I can help to keep people informed 
Negativity thrives on positive thoughts . To avoid negativity , simply do not think positive . 
Turtles . 
Only the kool kids wear glasses . 
Herfa derfa derf . 
Thinking back on when I opened my dad's car door to get out of it I stopped to think for a moment . Is this all real ? Its probably been said before , but thinking about it from the perspective of someone who is not of our world or of our logic is extremely difficult if not impossible . ( Continued in next post ) 
( Continued from last post ) To actually fully understand the meaning of our world we would have to \ 
become another being that is not of our world or logic . Its like \ 
trapping a < PROPFIRST > of light inside a box of mirrors on the inside \ 
of it . How do we actually know that the < PROPFIRST > of light is in there \ 
bouncing from mirror to mirror ? Seems almost , if not already , \ 
impossible . MY HEAD HURTS WTF HAVE I BEEN TYPING ?! 
/ . -./ . com 
Judgement !!!!! 
Weird , this kid called < PROPMALE > Smith started chatting to me on facebook . Who is this guy ? LoL . 
<---- Can't remember 9 of the 12 months of the year when half of his brain is turned off . Literally . 
Cutting my hair soon for surgery . Anyone know how long it needs to be to donate it to anywhere ? 
Things that walk up to you and punch you in the face , then never say \sorry\ " for doing it . Life . " 
Hair is cut , in a bag and ready for delivery . Measured 10 inches so I'm all set for locks of love . I think . 
Things that are nice to come home to after a day of < PROPFIRST>'s and a movie . Home-made chicken < PROPMALE > . 
It sucks how much you appreciate something after seeing it in a movie . Hollywood has a retarded asmount of influence over the public . 
Things that Facebook doesn't do , Arrival Days . Watevz . Happy Arrival Day to myself . 
Saying goodbye to my computer for a while . Will be updating on whats going on from day to day though . 
Laying back in my hoapital bed . skull sliced open with some terrific grdis and strips all over my right brain side . Head also hurts like hell . 
Day four in this hellish hole . Days have been okay , and nights have been murderous . Each day is getting better though . My body is starting to used to this pain until the good old'fasioned pain killers come into play . 
Surgery moved to Friday . Woke up this morning with fluids coming out of my head . Fantastic . 
Things that are dumb and stupid and keep falling off . Headwraps . 
Last day before surgery , lots of mapping to do in preperation and then off to the operating room tomorrow at 7am . 
Night before surgery . Full of anticipation . Can't wait to get this over with . Home by Tuesday or Wendsday . 
Back at home , day 3 or 4 or something like that . Feeling great . Getting better each day . 
Woke up today feeling great . I can't get out of the house quite yet . If anyone would like to visit me , I would love to see someone . Just give me a call on my home phone 207-878-5652 . 
First shower in weeks . Felt so good . Being clean never felt so good . 
Things that suck when you can't do them . Falling asleep . 
The future is looking brighter with each passing day . 
Why the hell am I up so early ? 
First Mcy D's burger in weeks . Never tasted so good . 
First day out of the house and at the store . Was good to see everyone . Thank you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > for your concern while I was visiting . 
Had\ 
my first glass of milk yesterday since the start of my hospitalization . \ 
White skim deliciousness in a glass . So tasty . Time to start fortifying\ 
my bones with some good ol vitamin C . 
Off to the store today for my first FNM in over a month . Can't wait to lose to < PROPMALE > Wall , only the best limited player EVAR . 
I has lost my taste for Dr. Pepper . Weird . 
Home-cooked meals are always the best kind of meal . Thanks mom for being an awesome cook . 
Turtles . Nuff said . 
What is a man ? A miserable pile of secrets . But enough talk . Have at you ! 
If god were real then he's pretty cruel to watch his creations suffer . After reading and hearing all the good stuff about him , you'd think that he would at least try to help instead of sitting back on his fatass eating popcorn and watching us humans die to natural disaster and war like it were a movie . Damn . what a depressing movie he's composed . 
Almost died from sneezing after moving everything in my room while cleaning it , letting all the dust that has piled up between it all over the ages . Thank you hot showers for being so freaking awesome and by that I mean , clearing out my sinuses . 
Grow hair , grow ! A bad haircut was not included in the contract I signed when I had brain surgery . 
Have a terrific Turkey Day everyone . 
Ride ze shoopuff ? 
Like this wall post if you ate from more than 5 dishes at the Thanksgiving meal . 
You all are so awesome . I am so fortunate to have been able to grow up\ 
with my family and become friends with such great people . Thank you mom and dad for being with me through tough times in the hospital . Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for always being there to < PROPFEMALE > out with and have fun with . Thank you all my friends for just being awesome . Being able to talk to , play magic with , and share the good and fun times with . 
Facebook is retarded . Freaking 420 character limit . 
Things that are bad to be without : Pants . 
Cake or Pie ? Both is not an option . 
Sooooooooooooooo friggin bored . 
Cake or Pie ? Both is not an option . Neither is Cherpumple . ( I still hate you forever Bridges ) 
My own state . My own house . My own cats . My own room . My own computer . I like to call a place with all these things Home . Here I come Maine . 
All them people in school should get two weeks off instead of one . The first to eat and the second to digest . 
Making microwave popcorn : Not my forte . Burnt 3/4 attempts . 
So , blood coming out of your head is a bad hing isn't it ? Haha , woke up and started picking at a scab on my head . Bad news bears when i looked at my hand and saw it was red . Nothing too bad though . Damn you itchy head . Stop being itchy . 
Eh , being woken up from naps suck . It sucks even more when you fall back to sleep and then are woken up again . 
Christmas tree is up , undecorated . Oh lord what are we thinking . Our cats are going to wreck the shit out of it . 
I was going to say something then I forgot . RAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! FML . 
\I feel like the meat in an incompitent sandwich . \"" 
So in other news , Coke Zero < Diet Coke . 
Things that are only the best things to sooth a clustered mind : Naps . 
One of my nose pieces came off of my glasses today . Wearing them now hurts my nose . Go figure . 
If the sky was a different color , would it affect the way we live ? 
100% grape juice should just be re-named 100% great juice . Just because its just that GREAT . 
FFS < PROPMALE > . I've never met a cat that purrs when he annoys the hell out of someone . Those darn cats and them sitting in front of your monitor , then acting all innocent like they didn't do anything . 
Nap time . Yes . 
Pokemon has the best soundtrack to listen to while taking a shower . 
Cincinati Chili BITCHES . Only the best of the best of the best of the best of the best meals in the entire world . 
Christmas is coming up . Woot woot . Everyone now go do something super fantastic to celebrate . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
Met with Mr. Morse for lunch today . It was freaking awesome to see him again . 
Oh glasses , where would I be without you today ? Whenever I wear you its like seeing into another dimension . A dimension that is so much fucking easier to see shit in . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas glasses . 
For the record , blowing your nose without a tissue is a bad idea . 
Why the hell not . Let's put my middle name in too . Oh hax , now all of you know that my middle name is < PROPFIRST > . 
If I had to change my name to anything , I would change it to < PROPFIRST > Pilgram . That's right lady's and gentlmen , guess who just watched \ < PROPFIRST > Pilgram vs . The World\ " for the first time ? " 
So , true facts . V8 is actually really good . Now everyone go out and get a 8 oz . glass full and get your daily servings of vegetables and fruits all in one beverage . And for only the low cost of 110 calories . 
Using the third letter of your first name describe me . Be nice please . Copy and paste this to your wall if you so please . 
Oh Super < PROPFIRST > Land , how much joy your main theme gives me . It can only be described in headbanging . 
So , fun things to do in the cold outside while trudging through snow . Dragging out old Christmas trees out 50 feet back into the woods . Fun stuff , surely . 
The only thing more annoying than a cat wanting attention is ... oh wait there is none . 
Thinking about closing my Facebook for college applications . Thoughts ? 
\Why are we always wearing gloves ? \ " Guess the film this quote is from . " 
\WE ARE SEX < PROPMALE > OMB AND WE'RE HERE TO MAKE YOU THINK ABOUT DEATH AND GET SAD AND STUFF !!! \"" 
I am the bane of my existence . Wait , what ? 
Water is the best remedy for a thirsty 18 year old boy . So I drink lots of it . 
Lately , cats have been flooding in and out of my room . Since when did they start liking my room ? Since when did they start liking me ? 
So , things that make you feel less like you're doing nothing in your life : School . Finally back in the swing of things . Online courses are boss . 
Why ... why am I sick of only the best ribs on earth ??? Why god ... why ??? 
Showers refresh every part of the body , even the mind . How does hot water do this ? Brilliant . 
Why does my hair always do this weird thing where the right portion swings to the left and the left portion swings to the right , then gets stuck that way ? 
Found a new button down shirt in my closet . Where do they keep coming from ? This is the third time this has happened . No complaints , just want to know . 
Things that aren't fun : Dropping your phone in V8 . Things that are fun : Getting to dunk your V8 covered phone into a huge bowl of white rice for 24 hours . Things that are also fun : Getting a new phone . 
Things that are just so much fun to do : Essay Writing . No , I'm serious , I love it . I love writing , its freaking awesome . 
Too bad online courses don't have snow days . 
Whenever I listen to Sex < PROPMALE > Omb I feel a need to geek . Geek so hard . 
\HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO FOLLOW THIS ? WE'RE NOT GONNA WIN WE'RE NOT GONNA SIGN WITH G-MAN ! WE'LL NEVER PLAY OPENING NIGHT AT THE CHAOS ? THEATER ! GOD DAMN IT < PROPFIRST > ? WILL YOU PLEASE STOP JUST STANDING THERE ! YOU'RE FREAKING ME OUT ! \"" 
I know I'm going to regret eating this Mcdonald's . It just tastes too good though . 
Only true Magic players care about artwork ... and hot pockets are freaking delicious . 
LIVINSKIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I feel like a complete and total idiot and failure , but I feel like I've accomplished something because of it . 
You know you're too tired when you have five glasses of V8 on your desk only then to go downstairs shortly after wards to bring up another . 
Things that suck : Computer Viruses . Things that don't suck : PC Answers . Hope to have it back soon . System Tools can kiss my ass . 
One day , I will go to Livinskie's , walk in and just yell as loud as I can , \LIVINSKIE'S!\ " It will be great . Would anyone like to accompany me ? " 
I could live on hot pockets , water , and V8 . Three things that are just so super delicious . 
Brains are supposed to be useful . This is evident by the last three minutes I've spent trying to type this status update without typos and good grammer . 
Nap time . Goodbye world . Hello bed . 
Waking up time . Goodbye bed . Hello world . 
This keyboard of mine . Its annoying as all freaking hell . 
I hate bad nostalga . Especially when it resurfaces in your own house . 
Awwww yeah . Mr. < PROPFIRST > York's dad is awesome . 
Okay , after watching Toy Story 3 for the second time I have to ask . Funniest toy in the set of movies ? 
So , today is officially my three month anniversary since my second surgery , the one where they removed the piece of brain . Two days ago , the 27th , was my three month anniversary since my last seizure . Happy days . Happy days . 
Guys , I actually got to sleep on a bed at someone's house besides mine . Oh < PROPMALE > Nickerson , you are indeed only the coolest kid I have ever known . 
So , I think it would be a good idea to take out the cards I put in my button down pocket before i throw them in my laundry basket . Might save me from almost losing a foil and none foil Wild Pair , a figure of < PROPFEMALE > , a Chameleon Colossus , a Coalition Relic , four prismatic omens , two Glissa the traitor promos , a red sun zenith , and a hero of bladehold . Seems like a good idea . Oh yeah and a bunch of jank rares . 
I am a geek and proud of it . Like this if you too are a geek and are also proud to be called one . 
Meh . 
Like this if you are happy you met me ! Put this as your status to see how many you get ! 
Why is it that I always bring up a glass of V8 to my room and then five minutes later when I go downstairs to get something , I bring up another ? I mean , its good and all , but I don't need two tall glasses of it . 
Final Fantasy IX , why do you have one of the best video game OSTs evar ? Oh yeah , its because it was all composed by Nobuo Uematsu . What a badass . 
Possible < PROPFEMALE > Garden tonight ? Win . 
I went to my computer ready to post a status update then I forgot what I was going to say , so instead I decided to post how much of a dunce I am . 
What ? College applications ? They're done ? BALLER , methinks . 
What has been going on lately ? First an actual bed at < PROPMALE > Nickerson's house and then a comfortable couch at Buck/Dean/Gabe/Shawn's house . Good times . 
So , I finally got a new usb cable for my mp3 player yesterday after having lost mine a few months ago . Happy , happy , joy , joy , happy , happy , joy , joy . 
Super Bowl Plans : Not much . How about you all ? Anything exciting ? 
Blarghinhoofinstein . 
Eating . Food . Is . Yum . 
So , I just went around my room and counted all the turtles in it . I counted 75 . Holy frigity frick . 
I revise my previous statement . I made inventory check and came up with 160 turtles my second time counting . Yeah . Only missed 85 of them . 
Stomach ache , good job eating up my entire day you jerk . 
YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just got word that I was accepted into New England College . YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
