Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone . 

Working on finding an apartment and roomies . Just volunteered a few hours ago for Y.O.U. on a painting project . It was really fun all the paintings were entertaining to look at . 
In Europe for 2 and a half more weeks . Can't text or call me . Use Facebook to get a hold of me if you need to . 
A friend of my family's dad passed away a couple of days ago and the funeral is tomorrow , so kind of sad now . His name was < PROPFIRST > Nyland , and he was only 44 years old . 
Writing an english paper with no ideas coming through :( 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! I hope you all have a great break . 
I have an English Final ( read Paper ) due today by 4 pm . So Why can't I come up with anything ? Procrastination has come and claimed my soul again . As usual . Why can't finals be over with and my month long Christmas Break vacation can finally start . Epic Depression at the moment . 
COPY THIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU . |\ 
1 . Violent | 2 . I'dMarry You | 3 . Sweet | 4 . Beautiful | 5 . Talkative |\ 
6 . Hot | 7 . Fit | 8 . Funny | 9 . Fun | 10 . Perfect | 11 . You're the Best\ 
| 12 . Miss You | 13 . Crazy | 14 . Random | 15 . I Love You 
Does anyone know where I can sell textbooks that are from the 90s ? I've looked everywhere and so far it's not happening . I'm getting frustrated . Please help me if you can . 
Leaving for my Grandma's house in a few . Hopefully the bridge isn't iced over yet . 
My English class got canceled today . I'm so happy to have some free time procrastinating on calc hmwk . 
Internet connection at TAMUG campus is beyond stupid and eternally slow . Earth to campus computer people , fix it already , jeez . You have had all semester last year and this semester to fix it , so why is it getting worse by the day ? 
My Geology class has been canceled yet again . I'm spending thousands of dollars for a class that I don't get taught in . Either give me an A in the class or give me my money back . Jeez , this class is so freaking pointless if I'm not learning anything in it . 
I'm looking for 2 roommates to room with me for next school year in a house on the South Side of College Station about 5 blocks from campus . $400 a month per person . Landlady is next door to us . Looking for relatively quiet people not party animals . Is anyone interested ? 
Less than 3 weeks until I'm home for Spring Break . Why do the days of the week keep getting longer and longer until it's all over and done with ? I don't even want to count the days and weeks until the semester is over with , it will just depresses me too much . Oh , well , at least Spring Break is almost here . 
Midterm week makes my head explode . The bright side to midterm week is that Spring Break is 1 week and 2 days away ! 
Blueberry 
Look , I need help finding roommates for this house that I'm renting or going to rent in College Station . The rent is $400/month . The house is 5 blocks from campus on the South Side . I need 2 roommates , and they both have to be girls . Please message me if you are interested , and I will send you the pictures of the house and more info . 
Thank you so much for all the Happy Birthdays I got yesterday . I'm sorry I couldn't respond back to you all earlier , I was so busy yesterday that I didn't have a < PROPMALE > to get on a computer . 
