thinks updating resumés is a pain 

needs to find a job and move out of the parents quick ... my god ... I can't stand sitting through another dinner like that again . 
just realize that tomorrow is my actual last day at < PROPMALE > Fair , next week ... Stonestown ! 
is heading for Stonestown ... it will just be like high school all over . 
is nervous about his first day at work in Stonestown 
' s first day is done ... but at the same time ... learned a lot today about the clientele . I saw < PROPFIRST > Luong today ! 
just found a dead moth in his publicity binder 
is disgusted ... the moth juice kinda soaked through the papers and ruined parts of the < PROPMALE > . 
suddenly realizes that he has been running into too many people he knows at the mall ... like today , an old teacher , an old friend , and a very old friend . 
is watching Futurama and am thinking maybe downloading a robot is the only thing left for my love life 
has to iron his clothes for work .... this is a travesty ! 
knows its gonna be a grueling six weeks . 
is digging through his closet trying to find something that actually looks similar to the ' Mad Men ' costumes 
thinks the casual jeans look makes him look like a cowboy if it weren't for the fact that I didn't have my boots up in < PROPMALE > . 
is leaving Davis ... eh ... what can I say ? 
can't sleep ... and this ain't good cause he has work today . 
have a headache 
just realizes how old he is turning ... visited Mr. Ishibashi today over at < PROPMALE > and next thing you know , I am surrounded by a bunch of teeny boppers . 
wants to thank everybody for wishing me a ' Happy Birthday ' ... but now , the real party begins . Lets just hope that I don't die from alcohol poisoning tonight . 
is starting to wonder if this < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > thing is going to be a regular thing because if so , he would want a real one next year when he turns 23 ( one encrusted with diamonds in gold ) 
knows that he is bored ... he is watching ' < PROPFEMALE>' on Youtube . 
wonders his existence in this life , because right now , he just feels worthless . 
is hooked on rice cakes right now ... is that bad ? 
tried on a small hoop earring from < PROPMALE > and realize how ridiculous it looks . 
is failing miserably at the ' no sugar ' challenge from Dr. Oz 
' s neck is killing him . 
just realize that he doesn't even fit a size small anymore , it's too big ! 
can't sleep ... again . 
thinks that stupid people should not drive ... it should not take anyone one hour to get to San < PROPFIRST > from Richmond when it is only 21 < PROPMALE > away ! I shouldn't be sitting in front of the damn toll for 40 freaken minutes ! 
had too much coffee while he was at IHOP ... now I can't sleep . 
is looking out at the pouring rain and wonder if the toxicity from the industrial site two blocks from his house would run over and mutate him . 
stood in the rain for a minute with his umbrella and then realize that there was no point in having one ... he was drenched by the time he got to his car ten feet away . 
feels like everything that could have gone wrong actually did go wrong 
is at peace ... now he needs to learn how to relax . 
is having trouble with his hair ... again . 
went to traffic court today and realize that out of the fifteen traffic cases , the custody hearing , as well as the assault case , there were about six ' talking of cellphone while driving ' tickets . 
is debating his costume and is staying away from being any type of angel , faerie , or VULTURE for the matter . 
hates CalTrans because now his commute has been extended to another hour ... lord , when was the last time I took < PROPMALE > and transferred on Muni for work ? 
thinks that his commute on Muni and < PROPMALE > was interesting ... forgot about the juvenile delinquents . 
should stop listening to < PROPFEMALE > Underwood's album , its making him even more depressed as it is . 
just got into a car accident this afternoon and of all things , forgot his wallet when he got dropped off for work ... FML . 
is scared of Black Friday ... have to get up and be at work by 5 in the morning 
thinks that the brats at the mall should DIE . 
is annoyed to death with the fact that there are hella fucken vandals out on the street right now . 
was spacing out again .... agree with Joji , I need rest . 
just think that people either lack common sense nowadays or that we are born with an inane defect that causes us to become stupid . 
thinks his feet are frozen solid and he definitely cannot feel his fingers . 
has a < PROPMALE > headache ... again ... holiday shopping in San < PROPFIRST > is sure crazier than holiday shopping in Sacramento 
thought it was funny that there is a debate between which movie is better ... ' A Walk To Remember ' or ' The Notebook ' ... it's all about < PROPFIRST > West's acting ! 
thinks that ' rain drops on roses and whiskers on kittens ' is probably the greatest things about Christmas . 
is listening to the freaken song ' What Can I Say ' ... Carrie Underwood unfortunately knows what I am thinking ... damn it . 
needs new shoes ... and belts ... actually , scratch that ... I need a new wardrobe . 
cave in ... and bought a snuggie ... now he feels like an idiot 
is fucken pissed off at his family right now because they are a bunch of freaken idiots who can't remember what they did or did not say 
just remembered how small the world is ... I keep running into people I know at Stonestown 
just realized how neurotic he is when it comes to work . 
just whacked himself in the eye ... real smooth 
is watching a 70s movie called ' The Corpse Grinders ' .... talk about cheesy low budget horror films ... it makes me laugh when they grind up the corpses . 
feels like a party pooper all of the sudden 
wants to go see ' Dear John ' .... Channing < PROPFEMALE > looks hot . 
' s face is burning off ... this wasabi and algae masque burns ! 
has three main goals this year . The first one involves getting a new pair of shoes and signing up for the gym ... but yet somehow ... I feel I may fail to even do that . 
is taking on < PROPMALE > Eng's challenge and withholding himself from guzzling any soda today ... hell have mercy on my poor soul . 
has beaten < PROPMALE>'s challenge ! I succeeded in the soda challenge ... but should I be concerned that I was craving for soda the entire time ? 
is looking out his window and staring at the flashes of lightning ... geeze , can we say angry weather ? 
is reading < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and eating tortilla chips with spinach dip ... is this a sad thing ? 
was watching the Prius commercial and it reminded him of Katamari 
needs to move out ... as soon as he can ... his family is driving him up the wall 
is reading < PROPMALE > Misérables ... trying to see what is so horrid about this book . 
needs to move ... pronto ... not only is there the industrial area two blocks down ... some idiot got arrested today with four police cars surrounding the area . 
wants to strangle < PROPFIRST > In the Box ... he has upchucked in the toilet 4 times already 
is listening to Snow Patrol's ' Set the Fire to the Third Bar ' ... there is just something about that song . 
' s stomach isn't agreeing with him again ... how long is food poisoning suppose to last ? 
needs to lose weight ... hundred twenty pounds ? 
had a great < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... but Indian food burns 
thinks that the price of beauty sucks ... this wasabi mud masque still burns after the third use . 
... don't wanna love you if you don't love me ... don't wanna need you if you don't need me too ... don't wanna tell you this now but it wouldn't be right ... if I .... didn't tell you this tonight 
feels that for some odd reason ... he keeps running into people he knows from high school 
should clarify ... he keeps running into people at the oddest places ... like at at ' So ' the other day ... where the waiter was someone he knew from high school 
hates this sugar craving stage ... I came back from the gym last night and wanted a soda 
thinks that there is a fine fine line between civil disobedience ... and being a < bleepen > public menace . 
thinks that some members of the communities are troublemakers and crazy ... mass chaos isn't going to solve anything and at the end of the day ... we are the ones that have to clean up the damn thing 
thinks that lately ... the quality of Americans ' brains have gone down the drain ... say about 100 IQ points 
HOLY SHIT ... MONIQUE won at the OSCARS ! 
was at the gym and realize that the guy on the stair machine in front of him was not wearing underwear and he was wearing white pants ... ew . 
was doing research and came across a new yoga sequence that he's afraid to try ... one of the poses looks like a pretzel knot . 
holy mother f -- ken Jesus Christ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFEMALE > WHITE is hosting SNL ! 
is stuck trying to think of a way to describe the legendary < PROPFEMALE > of Mnemosyne by the river Lethe . 
is looking out the window and watching someone doing a sobriety test 
was wincing as he watched < PROPFEMALE > Gosselin danced on DWTS ... can it be anymore nightmarish ? 
is thinking ' DAMN YOU LADY GAGA ' ... have ' < PROPMALE>' stuck in his head 
is wondering what was he thinking ... vodka gimlet on an empty stomach ... ick 
is peeved beyond belief right now and sick to his stomach 
was at Shangri-la last night ... and still can't believe how many people from high school , college , even MIDDLE school he ran into . Is the world this small ? 
is laughing his ass off ... RIcky Martin-gay ?... what a shocker ! 
is laughing his ass off again ... Kate Gosselin cannot for her life dance 
knows that plastic chairs are the bane of everyone's exsistence 
is embarrassed out of his mind ... he wound up being 35 minutes late for an interview today no thanks to fucken mapquest 
is thinking about shaving his head again . 
shaved his head .... and had to ask them to fix his damn hairline ... for some odd reason , it was slanted . 
saw the weirdest thing at the gym ... some guy was buff as hell ... arms like guns ... but his legs were scrawny as hell ! How exactly does twigs support a heavy top ? 
saw something interesting today while he was with Joji ... some dog was crapping on the crosswalk on Hayes and Polk ... and boy , it was chunky 
just beat Katamari Forever ... now to roll up even more crap . 
just baked four dozen cookies ... should have made the damn recipe into a dozen instead 
just watched Dancing with the Stars and realize two things ... Kate Gosselin is a fake ass < bleep > who cannot ... I repeat ... CANNOT ... dance for her life ... and < PROPFIRST > Lyschek has no facial expressions at all ... its like his face is made of plastic 
wonders if anyone thinks that Miley < PROPMALE > looks like an ape 
had a blast at his training ... smelt twenty five different types of teas and sampled thirteen different types of teas 
thinks that maybe he has gone overboard with accessories ... 
just baked five ... count them ... five dozen cookies 
is like OMG ! Tonight's episode of ' Glee ' was great ... I f**ken love < PROPFEMALE > Chenoweth ! 
' s second day of training was interesting ... as usual . Thirty five types of tea to smell ... and over twenty different types of teas to sample . 
had a blast dancing tonight ... it definitely was a good night . 
thinks maybe he should just subject to the fact that he has a crappy life and go off himself . 
is sorry and realizes he needs to get his sorry ass to stop moping because it isn't him . Survivor baby ... SURVIVOR . 
has a < PROPMALE > headache ... and for some reason ... am smelling formaldehyde ... is there a leak over at the industrial site ? 
is so tired of hearing \you were great for the position ... but .... < insert excuse >\" ... how can someone go on and stay strong when all they face is rejection ? This is harder than when I came out of the closet . " 
OMG ! < PROPFEMALE > White rocked it on SNL ! 
thinks that Mormons are annoying and insulting ... one just asked me where I am from originally and where my parents are from originally ... is it any of their business even when I said I don't want to hear what they have to say ? 
who doesn't feel like < PROPMALE > when < PROPMALE > sang ' < PROPFEMALE>'s Turn' ? 
is belting out ' The Lady is a Tramp ' 
thinks old people need to not fucken drive ... I nearly got ran over by some old guy who wasn't looking while turning . I had the right of way ! 
picked out two cards ... the nine of sword ( card of cruelty ) and Death ... yet the cycle never ends . 
is seriously tired of hearing that he was \second choice\ " . Seriously ? Being \ " second choice\ " don't get you anywhere . " 
thinks that he is ' jynxed ' 
is ready to collapse ... two jobs and worked 13 hours non-stop ... I need better arch supports and a back brace . 
has learned a lot in the past three months . THANKS GUYS ! For the support , for the craziness , and for listening to me bitch non-stop . I seriously owe you guys big and I love you guys to no end . 
was in the Castro today and ran into four people he knew within half an hour of working . 
would love to thank < PROPMALE > for saving his ass ... because apparently , < PROPFIRST > thought it was much more important to grab the camera than to save my ass from hanging off the tree . :p 
is wondering why the hell do guys think that it is okay to wear white shorts when they are god damn see thru ! I was walking out of Jamba Juice after class and the guy in front of me had on white shorts and I can see the blue polka dots from his boxers underneath . 
... big tree ... tiny little me . 
rest in peace Rue McClanahan ... and to Blanche ... there definitely is more men than you can go through in heaven . 
just saw the pictures of the animals in the oil spill and is mortified . 
' s feet are about to fall off .... they are so tired 
just pulled out his student ID from his first year of college ... man ... what was I thinking ? 
is laughing his ass off watching < PROPFIRST > Springer . Seriously ? The lady wants to castrate her son but she keeps on saying that her son needs \circumcision \"" 
wants people to go support a friend at his debut at DRAGON on FRIDAY ! 
is enjoying a nice cup of tea . This ' Tiki Twilight ' and ' Peach Cran-Tango ' hits the spot 
thinks that it is strange that even after drinking something 100% caffeinated like Maté or Coffee , I can still hit the pillow and fall asleep within 2 minutes . 
was in the middle of a backbend when he saw a damn soccer ball coming at his head ... there is a reason why you don't kick a ball in the aerobics room at the gym ! 
thinks that today was a long ... long day . 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Zeta Jones ' version of ' Send in the Clowns ' is great 
can't get over how he went from one week of looking too old to now looking too young 
... ew ..... I hate freaken hackers . 
is sorry about the spam and wants to kill those mother f-ers who created it in the first place 
' s feet are killing him ... at least he didn't trip over the grates while marching in the parade . 
is sunburned .... oy ... 
is looking at pictures of body builders and wondering what is so hot about muscles that look like plastic or silicon ? 
is way tired of people and their god damn broken English ... \they ( the clothes ) was hanging in my closet \"....\" but we wasn't in a relationship\ " .... learn how to fucken speak English ! " 
is going to enjoy his lunch tomorrow ... spinach tortilla wrap with cajun chicken and mango/pineapple tomato sauce 
is enjoying a nice chill smoothie made of pineapples , mangos , peaches , vanilla yogurt , and skim milk 
is peeved ... his car got swiped at the damn < PROPMALE > station 
is reading the \Communist Manifesto\ " ... and feels a bit dirty " 
is getting sick 
is looking forward to lunch ... whole wheat pita bread with spinach , sautéed mushrooms and mozarella cheese with tomato soup 
is peeved at fucken AT&T ... how is it that you tell your customer that it is going to be 14 business days and the phone is still not at the store ! Not only that , they don't even know when the fuck the phone is going to be at the store . 
Is always amazed how late < PROPMALE > can be 
is being forced to the dentist on Wednesday 
is looking at Lady Gaga's picture and thinking what was she thinking ? 
is trying to recreate his great-grandmother's sweet curry receipe and is failing miserably ... the damn curry is too sweet 
Is watching a ' < PROPFIRST > Rivers ' schtick at the Elmwood theater . This has better be funny haha and not funny sad . 
is sleepy ... 
feels like someone should rip out his spine and replace it 
is a happy person as long as he has his sweets 
Is disgusted . The guy across from him is chewing tobacco and spitting it back in a clear bottle . 
Is thinking it is way too hot outside on the dance floor 
is excited for lunch tomorrow ... risotto cooked with < PROPFEMALE > ground beef and mushrooms in chicken broth with mozarella 
is looking at one of the heirlooms of the family and think it might look gaudy but still nice at the same time 
found out today that cowboy boots and cobblestone is not a great combo for walking 
was driving home from the < PROPMALE > station and wonder in all actuality why people stick their hands down in their pants in public 
just made food ... quinoa salad with onion and cilantro with lime dressing and < PROPFEMALE > oil 
is scratching his head ... how is it that I running into a friend at the < PROPMALE > station wound up having half the world , who didn't witness the scene , finding out ? 
Fuck my life , my car got broken into 
hates it when the person next to him at the gym has his deodorant breaking down and it starts smelling funky ... for the love of god , use extra-strength deodorant ! 
has to remember to pick up a can of whip cream for the white cake tomorrow ... too lazy to make frosting . 
is feeling blank ... happy ... but blank . 
just made a birthday cake for his dad ... white cake with vanilla butter cream 
is hoping that today would make be a lot nicer than it was yesterday ... and by that ... I do mean the morning commute 
wants to thank all his friends for the birthday wishes ... birthday has been great so far ... and I think it is going to be great even after this day . 
Hates driving up University Avenue 
Is stuck in traffic at the damn bay bridge . Why do we pay six dollars to be stuck in traffic ? 
wonders why the hell crazy things happen on < PROPMALE > 
just cracked his neck 
hates looney people ... and unreasonable people . 
just had cake . Lots and lots of cake . 
pan fried shark ... bed of baby spinach with avocado and cucumber slices ... that sounds delicious . 
.... cup of tea .... and thinking about stewing the rest of the shark meat . 
just went to the dentist ... and wants to thank < PROPFIRST > for coming with me ... the bad news was kinda hard to bare but eh ... 
oyster pancakes ! 
forgot ... how much flour do you put in to make a roux again ? 
Can't feel his lips 
can't sleep now ... this is odd 
lets be honest ... Paranormal Activity 2 was kind of stupid ... it was only startling . 
is sick .... on vacation this week and I'm sick .... how ironic . 
needs to get a hooded cape and a giant < PROPFEMALE > ball . 
avocado salsa on top of an egg sandwich ! Yes ! 
scrap the psychic ... I found me a cute sailor costume . 
lemon garbanzo bean salad with avocado salsa and a veggie sandwich on whole wheat ... eat your heart out queens , I am going to be skinny ! < dramatic pose > 
Just fucken waited ten minutes in the < PROPMALE > parking lot , missed his train and now am late for work . Then they had the nerve to tell me they are full 
vegetable soup with chicken broth .... and whole wheat bread . I think I may have become a health nut . 
is looking at the ' South Beach Diet ' list ... and wants to ask himself and Salma , \Are we prepped for this ? \"" 
vegetable soup anyone ? 
didn't know what to think of the new episode of ' Glee ' 
agress .... Harry Shum is hot as hell ! 
has been sitting in front of his laptop for an hour and don't know how to start his novel 
was at a wedding ... and swear to god ... would not have expected to run into three people he know pre-college . 
thought Glee was ... uh ... great at certain parts but ... um ... really .... Gwyneth Paltrow ? 
lets see .... pasta with tomato sauce , cucumber salad , and cream of mushroom soup ... mmm-mmm good ... \possibilities \"" 
is making chicken noodle soup ... just in time for the damn rain . 
cream of broccolli ... anyone ? 
wonders ... anyone thinks that < PROPMALE > is being bullied to the point where you would punch the shit out of the bully ? 
freaken hates the DMV right now .... he got ticketed for having expired registration when the damn DMV still hasn't sent his stuff yet . 
can't feel his ears .... 
tomato soup ... good for the soul . 
almond cranberry biscottis ... with tuna salad sandwich ... all I need now is a nice tall mocha . 
is still laughing at what he , < PROPFIRST > Ramirez and < PROPFIRST > Nguyen came up with ... if < PROPFIRST > Swift was a lesbian ... one of her songs would be ' You Slept with Me ( and her ... and her ... and her ... )' or ' Whipped-teen ' ... and my personal favorite from < PROPFIRST >...' Backside to Remember ' 
Thinks that the DMV needs to be gutted and the freaken workers with their superiority complex can go to hell ... no offense < PROPFIRST > 
just burnt a hole in a pair of dress pants ... oops . 
Has been sitting on the Bay Bridge for twenty minutes . This isn't how I want to spend my day off . 
can't breathe ... my pants are too tight . 
loves P ! nk . It is always amazing how inspirational she is . 
its beginning to look a lot like christmas .... everywhere you go ... 
< PROPFEMALE > can't you hear me ?... Tell me my true love is here ... he's all I want ... just for me ... underneath my Christmas tree ... 
wonders why is it that every single Christmas ... my mother and my grandmother decides to yell at each other at the top of their lungs ... and its not even 10 in the morning yet . 
is thankful for tea and the invention of it ... its nice to listen to the rain with a cup of it . 
has a < PROPMALE > headache right now and is freezing 
breathe ... Eric ... breathe ... 
Is about to chew his first piece of gum in eleven years 
Is in front of his relatives house with four other police cars because some idiot broke into a house with an alarm sustem 
Make that seven police units ... this should be interesting 
is miserable right now ... I think I have the flu 
augh ... parents ... 
Does anyone know anything about dog training ? My sister got us a freaken chihuahua/pinscher pup ... cute as hell but annoying as hell as well 
Four years ago , I saw a necklace I want in GQ . I have it today finally 
wonders ... why the hell do kids think they can get away with drinking something like whiskey on < PROPMALE > ? 
can't feel his legs .... at all 
is making bread pudding ... wonder if I placed enough chocolate 
is looking at the damn question and realizes that it basically boils down to the usual ... if some of A equals to B and some of B is interested in C , then some of A equals to C ... right ? 
is watching Rugrats ... its so different watching it as an adult 
is laughing his ass off ... ' I'm with stupid ' ... ' I'm with stoopid ' ... ' Lebanese ' ... 
was watching < PROPFIRST>'s reaction on Glee and couldn't help feel even more sorry for him 
just realized that he may have screwed up the bread pudding recipe ... forgot that the cranberries were frozen and contains moisture 
What is weird is that you suddenly realize that your high school choir teacher is on the dance floor with you at a club 
is thinking that if there is a nuclear explosion , the only things that would be alive would only be cockroaches and < PROPFEMALE > 
Is studying with < PROPFIRST > Alabastro at Peets and the girl sitting across from us have boobs that are apart to spill out of her shirt 
is seriously hoping that it gets bad enough where I can hone my claws , because that would be fun 
is having a nice cup of Red Rooibos after his presentation 
have a < PROPMALE > headache 
needs stronger asprin ... the headache is back 
loves < PROPMALE>'s Sliders ... man ... their slides are delicious ! 
just swapped out his chair for a balance ball ... this is hard work . 
finally decided that maybe its time to drag out the pots and pan ... sangria pulled chicken for lunch ! 
is still worried ... and am furious at his mother for what is going on ... how is it that internal bleeding is not \important \"" 
is pissed off .... someone ate his leftovers from the fridge 
is staring at the paper ... if < PROPFEMALE > is older than Isla and < PROPFEMALE > is three years older than < PROPFEMALE > and if < PROPFEMALE > is older that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > is younger than < PROPFEMALE > and if Isla and < PROPFEMALE > can both be 13 ; then who is older if Isla is in fact 13 , < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFIRST > ? 
Forgot how hot it is in < PROPMALE > during the summer ... damn it 
is still amazed how clear the books pop up on the iPad 
smells like food ... baked zucchini with mozzarella and curry octopus ... I think I am set for half a week's lunches . 
just got his homework assignments for the first week of class ... I think I am in trouble 
realizes how badly burnt he is ... I look like I am wearing a red collar bib necklace . 
just honed his claws on a friend and does not feel that great about it ... can someone give me a file ? My claws aren't sharp enough and I didn't make the other side cry within a minute . 
Why is it that always when you are on a long ass drive , the back starts hurting ? 
can't get out of his chair ... his back just spasmed out 
have a headache ... too much went on tonight 
just signed up for the LSAT . Wish me luck boys , I have a month to cram . 
is so glad he has a bottle of chardonay 
Hates the DMV and highway patrol 
has a < PROPMALE > headache ... 
< PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s Imagine Whirled Peace ... check ... Goldfish crackers ... check .... Dark chocolate bar .... check ... Oreos ... check ... 
Thanks guys for the birthday wishes ! 
absolut sf ... orange juice ... tall glass ... and ice 
I can't figure out what to make for dinner tonight ... maybe a bastardize version of chicken a la < PROPMALE > 
is freaked out ... was stalked today on Shattuck ... I am seriously investing in a taser 
finally done ! LSATs ... all I have to worry about is you . 
Literally , demolished in less than 10 minutes 
is dizzy ... blah 
was inspired to read ' White Oleander ' and ' The Last Days of Judas Iscariot ' by Theater Rice ... is this a good thing ? 
