HAPPY NEW YEAR !! Here's hoping the new one is better than the old one . 

Making Ham and Beans , watching KTLA for the < PROPFEMALE > Parade - ah tradition :) 
I think my computer is possessed . * sigh * 
HAPPY 25TH ANNIVERSARY TO < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFIRST > !!! 
OK-up at my regular time but not as chipper as normal . I do have those kind of mornings . Looking forward to my visit with my family . 
is back her own desk as of yesterday . 
is rearranging stuff - hard work but I think it will be worth the change it will bring . 
My lower back hurts because my mind age and body age are vastly different . Moving furniture is not as easy as it used to be . 
I do not envy those of you who live and work in the LA area tomorrow :( 
has the beginnings of a sore throat - :( 
Well , its official I have a SORE throat - no fever but it sure is hard to swallow . :( 
Finally going home - it sure has been a long day 
People's clothes were made of thread , and they wouldn't wear something that was dangerous to them , would they ? 
is busy working on a sampler and it's coming along very nicely . 
I just saw an \older\ " woman in a < PROPFEMALE > outfit with purple hair . " 
is going to the \valley\ " with her brothers to attend a meeting for her older sister . " 
has been home for about an hour from a great trip up north . The best part was when < PROPMALE > called me Savta ( SaSa ) . 
Happy Birthday to my sister !!!! 
is working on a sampler-won't be long before it is finished . 
It takes a government to screw up a government program that works . The \Cash for Clunkers\ " program affects me and I am incensed that our senators are not listening to the consumers . " 
I'm tired 
busy , busy , busy :) 
Most of the housework and all the laundry DONE-although the kitchen looks a bomb hit it(the floor is clean ) but that will be for tomorrow cause these old bones hurt . Showered and in my jammies -- gonna watch some musicals while I stitch on my sampler . 
Working today - sigh 
I am so glad it is Friday ! It has been a long week . 
Congrats to Chula Vista on their win !! 
We are having a heat wave/A tropical heat wave ....... 
Working on my sampler-I think I might have it finished this weekend . 
I'm done !! 
I hate it when I can't sleep - now I will be twice as tired tomorrow pflbt ! 
tired - hot - cranky and two more days of work plfbt ! 
sill tired - hot - not so cranky - well it wouldn't bother me if I could slap someone . Looking forward to a long weekend sans people 
I hate my computer 
Much cooler today - finally . Just wish I felt better :( 
9/11 memory : I was getting ready for work when the announcers on the radio said something was terribly wrong in New York . I turned on the TV to a local news station and was promptly greeted with banging on the wall from my next door neighbor . I ignored him . That's when I saw the second plane slam into the towers . By the time I got to work the TV in our customer lounge was on and all the technicians and salesmen 
Today is Constitution Day !! 
got home about 3:00 pm from a great weekend with her family . 
Foggy here - been that way since 2 yesterday - I love fog :) 
I want to know why when the light is clearly changing to green and the little white man tells me it is ok to walk in the cross walk which is clearly marked for me that the people turning right get mad at me because they have to stop to let me get by . I almost got creamed the other day if I hadn't stopped to \let her by\ " Then she had the audacity to wave at me like it was OK . " 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!! Hope all you trick and treaters have a great time ! 
Feels like I never left here 
My horoscope says to stay away from craft and hobby stores as they will tempt me to buy impulsivly . HELLO-what makes this day different from any other ? Phlbt ! 
The day did not start out good at all - my TIVO says that someone is using my phone even when I connect it to the phone < PROPFIRST > and now my home internet connection is gone . This on top of a blood test that took two hours - I think I will play < PROPFEMALE > and worry about it tomorrow 
ok the tivo works now - stupid phone number changeover ; dsl is still not working but I deal with that this weekend ; got my results from the lab test and everything looks fine . :) 
After about an hour of unhooking and hooking wires talking to a gentlemen with an accent that was difficult to understand sometime it was decided that the DSL problem is not my modem but the phone line . Supposed to be fixed this evening between 4-8 . My computer is completely stressed out 
DSL IS STILL DOWN - after leaving work early so that I could be home on time AT&T didn't even show up - no phone call no note nothing . I have never had trouble with AT&T before and am very dissappointed in them right now . Trust me there will be a tirade of words this am . 
is thankful that she is still able to think clearly . 
GRRRRR Just got off the phone with the \support people\ " and found out that my \ " fix it\ " ticket had been closed . You know if they are going to help english speaking people then I think a better grasp of the english language is a pre requisite . I am now awaiting for \ " another\ " phone call to \ " schedule\ " yet another appointment . " 
Happy Birthday USMC Semper Fi 
I'm back !!! and it's a good story that I will tell later !!! 
is thankful that she is known as \Sata\ " and not Grandma :) " 
is thankful she can keep a roof over her head . 
is thankful for the creative genes her mother and father gave her . 
is thankful for a beautiful day . 
has her slow cooker cooking enough spaghetti sauce for tonight and to freeze for later :) 
MMMM PB&J 
is thankful that she has such a wonderful daughter who has been always a great source of joy in my life . 
is thankful for salad bars :) 
is thankful that I still have pay days :) 
is thankful for coffee !! 
is just thankful . 
is thankful the day if finally over !! 
is thankful for trains :) 
is home from a great weekend with her family . 
It's really < PROPFEMALE > here-just sat in semi darkness for about an hour . 
putting together my little tree and stringing the lights . 
busy busy busy 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > !!! LOVE YOU BUNCHES AND BUNCHES -- SAVTA 
Cold is abating some-don't cough as much . Looking forward to a quiet and restful weekend . 
Watching the < PROPFEMALE > Parade ! 
Mmmmm bean soup ! 
I want this cold and cough to go away . I think I have suffered enough . 
I am glad to be home - crazy people on the buses tonight 
Black 
sorting fabric 
He had to believe that ! 
It's very dark and < PROPFEMALE > right now 
Here comes the sun do do .. do do :) 
It is amazing how much work you cannot do because a computer program doesn't work . It's going to be a long day . 
Had a great weekend with my family - great time at the CHA show with < PROPFEMALE > . We saw lots of new stuff , made some make and takes , and received lots of inspiration - Lots of new ideas for patterns and things to make . 
I was just reminded that this month 41 years ago I was sworn in as a < PROPFEMALE > . Happy Anniversary to my comrade in arms , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy Birthday , you old fart . Miss your rather funny phone calls in the afternoon . 
Have to work today-end of the month-rather stay home and be creative !!! 
After much needed sleep I think the search engine I call my brain has rebooted . Hopefully the intense random chaos will abate to normal random chaos . 
PLEH !!! 
It's dark o'clock and I am wide awake , which is ok except I can't make any noise cause I will wake the neighbors - sigh 
Sigh 
May you all have a prosperous , exciting year of the Tiger !!! 
home early today-couldn't get rid of a headache and stupid people calling me asking me questions didn't help . 
I wobble like a weeble :( 
Go Aztecs !! 
Monday over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher who has impacted you ! 
I am so done with this allergy stuff -- 
I am currently updating my status on my new laptop :) 
Completed state taxes so that I can mail the payment tomorrow . PLEH-I hate owing taxes 
Hoping I don't have to cashier again today - these 10 hour days are not fun 
Life is not always what one wants it to be , but to make the best of it as it is , is the only way of being happy --- ------ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Churchill 
It only takes one person to change your life -- you . -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Sometimes I feel like a nut , sometimes I don't :) 
Have to share - a train with a steam engine just went by -- I wasn't in a place to see the acutal engine but I did see the steam drifting above the roof top of the complex . I could actually hear the chug chug of the engine . Hearing the whistle was awesome - Dad would have loved it :) 
Note to self : vacuum cleaner works better if you empty the dust cup . \ 
* next vacuum will have a bag * 
ok i am not happy with the season finale of NCIS -- i do not like where it leads pleh 
Going shopping today and experience the craziness that is Las Vegas :) 
Fremont street was awesome !! 
Long day yesterday - back to the grind today * sigh * 
Home again jiggty jig 
Shake rattle and roll - epicenter in Ocotillo initial 5.7 
On this day 25 years ago I started to work for Encinitas Ford . 
June Gloom-sigh 
Sucks when you plan time off and then get sidelined with a virus . 
Going to try to go to work today - still pretty tired . 
The sun made a brief appearance this afternoon . When is it going to be summer ? 
Sun glorious Sun !!!! 
ok credit card company , Like I told you the first time-I made a mistake . Another card got your payment and you got their's . I will make the balance of the payment on the 20th when I get paid . No I do not want an automatic payment set up -- No I will not give you my checking account number for a one time payment -- Ok just call me I will not be answering the phone - * sigh * 
Baking Raisin bread - yummmm 
Finally , the phone calls have stopped . Maybe because I paid the < PROPMALE > just like I promised ? 
No sun again today - only 64 degrees . I wouldn't mind some of the sun and heat you all are getting - you can keep the humidity - we have plenty - you know that big body of water to the west of me ? 
Well we got some sun and it is now 68 - it actually hit 70 about 3:00 pm . I just hope we some more this week 
After 5 ten hour days I am very tired . 
Hi Ho Hi Ho it's off to work I go - sigh 
Well , dishes are finally done , working on the stove right now . Leaving at 6:25 and not getting home until after 7:00 and working Saturday doesn't leave much time for housework - not that housework is one of my better skills :p 
Spent the afternoon watching two movies - something I don't generally do without doing something else . \Impromptu\ " ( a story about < PROPFIRST > Sands and her affair with Chopin ) and a tear jerker about a horse winning a race . " 
Making potato salad with red potatoes . No , < PROPFEMALE > there will be no eggs . Deal :p 
fell again in the shop - this time I broke the the little stairs that I tripped over . Just when the knees were starting to heal - back to no walking home again . Grace at her best :) 
Baking sour dough bread today - smells great but it looks a little flat . Guess the water was too warm . sigh 
Back from the library with a couple of weeks worth of books to read while waiting for the bus :) 
So I called < PROPFEMALE > and we have a date with our brothers on Saturday to celebrate our birthdays . :D 
Great day with brothers and sister . We met < PROPFIRST > , someone who is very close to her . Traffic home was awful !! 
When I walked into my bedroom I saw the Full < PROPFEMALE > rising - it was orange and bright and Big . 
Had a great weekend with my grandson and his mom . Went to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pier and Chinatown . We played with < PROPMALE > Logs and \rastled\ " . It was a quiet restful weekend and I miss them already . " 
Just got back from the library with more reading !! 
Just spent the morning moving furniture in the great room . Now that it is all in place I need to put the little stuff away . But first a shower - I stink 
I am tired 
Productive weekend - sore back to show for it . Back the grind . 
Bakin Raisin Bread and mmmmm it smells good :) 
Spent a quiet unstructured day - worked on < PROPFEMALE>'s ring pillow ( coming along rather nicely thank you very much ) , baked some bread ( white this time ) , and made some frosting to put between < PROPMALE > crackers . 
Getting ready for a trip up north . Going to the fair !! 
Home again ! Great weekend with my family - went to fair and am totally inspired after seeing the beautiful needlework by the LA county ladies . 
Missing my little family !! 
It's warm here on the coast - notice I said warm not Hot - Sooo I know it's HOT in the valley - try to stay cool * whoosh whoosh with the fan * 
< PROPFEMALE > just called me to tell me she got a $25.00 paycheck . Not bad considering she normally makes only about $10.00 a week . Said she was stuffing bows in a bag ( 18 to be precise ) and shredding paper . 
While fixing a salad for supper ( it's too friggin hot for anything else ) I saw a flash of black out of the corner of my eye . When I looked to my right lo and behold there was a black cat paying me a visit . Friendly sort - was rubbing up against stuff . Picked her/him up and carried her/him outside and s/he jumped out of my arms and sauntered down the stairs - like s/he owned the place . 
Computer generated survey call - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > wanted my opinion about what should be on TV . The first question was my age - I key in 60 and the next message was \Thank you for your opinion . This is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST >\" Hmmmm " 
Sitting here at work - and it is very quiet . I would rather be home . 
Going to the library to get some readin !! 
Got some new readin for the bus stop wait . Should keep me busy for a few weeks - one of them is pretty thick . 
To Kill a Mockingbird is on right now - Such a good story and < PROPFIRST > Peck is the bomb :) 
I like on the floor by my desk . 
Our library had a book fair today ( picked up a hold book ) and < PROPFIRST > Dreyfuss was a keynote speaker . I can't hear worth a damn so I didn't try to listen , just got my book , went home then got lost in reading it . Just finished Moloka'i . Really enjoyed the story . Could almost smell the flowers and feel the tropical breezes :) 
Just got back from our local farmer's market . Intention was to get some local < PROPFEMALE > which I did ( bees are from Rancho < PROPFEMALE > Fe-la de da * chuckle *) but I also got some red grapefruit the size of a large orange ( 3 in fact ) and a basket of red , sweet strawberries grown in San < PROPMALE > - pesticide free . All for $10 . 
I just slow cooked a 5lb chicken with onions , garlic , lemons , Mrs. Dash garlic blend , a smidge of salt , lots of pepper and a little chili powder for color . The meat is falling off the bones and it smells good . 
Went home early today - vertigo spells - took a 2 hour nap and feel a little better . It's going to be a long winter - sigh 
Raisin bread in the bread machine and chili in the slow cooker . Rainy < PROPFEMALE > cloudy kind of day . 
Bills paid-most of them anyway . Still have two more but have to do some figuring b4 I pay them . Might even get to put a little extra in the savings account :) 
Just spent some fun time fishing with my pet and < PROPMALE > . 
I'm home after a relaxing weekend with the family . Got to see the stars footprints and hands . Looking forward to Thanksgiving !! 
I was serenaded earlier by cats in love - but then again it may have been something else altogether-who knows with cats :) 
It's raining and I have to go to work * sigh * 
It's HOT ! But it's a dry heat * smirk * 
I just saw the most amazing sunrise -- red sky in the morning , sailor take warning :) 
There are sometimes a disadvantage to be a lark - like when the time changes in the fall - Even though there is an extra hour I still get up at 5:00 am-excuse me 4:00 am . 
Pretty day here -- went to the farmer's marked and got some fresh veggies and grapefruit :) 
semper fi 
Remembering my mom for \pushing\ " for military service and my Dad for inspiring me to join the < PROPFEMALE > Corps when it wasn't popular to volunteer for military service . ( Both were < PROPFEMALE > s during WWII ) " 
So , I believe a hawk has decided to do some hunting in this area and the black birds are quite upset . Two of the \gangs\ " let their displeasure known with a lot of acrobatic flying and raucaus caws . A lot of bluster over turf when there plenty of rodents for all . " 
sigh 
Pears and apples cooking for apple/pear sauce ( eventually apple/pear butter I hope ) in the big crockpot and they smell good . 
About this time 40 years ago I was beginning to feel a little bit anxious-like my body was telling me something :) 
I have a baby girl , I have a baby girl - What an awesome feeling . 
busy , busy , busy today . Laundry done - packing the bag tomorrow . Worked on Christmas stuff - it's a secret :) 
Packing my bag * sort , sort * , finishing up some preliminary christmas present planning * think , think * and enjoying the rainy morning with football on TV . 
WARNING !!!!!!..... DONOT USE THE Christmas Tree application on Facebook . Please be advised it will crash your computer . Geek squad says it's one of the WORST trojan-viruses there is and it is spreading quickly . Re-post and let your friends know . 
one more day 
Bag is packed - will be out of the house at 5:30 am to catch the bus to Oceanside to catch the 7:00 am train . Can't wait to spend the weekend with my family . :) 
Well I am home . < PROPFEMALE > , those two ladies that left when you did , barely made it back-in fact they ran across the crossing as the train pulled in . Needless to say the engineer laid on the horn - dummies . 
Finally , it's Friday ! 
Christmas shopping done - Christmas sewing on the other hand not done . 
Christmas sewing :) 
It's Monday * sigh * 
So , the harrassment begins because I am 30 cents past due a citibank card . * sigh * 
*&^$# , * grumble * , ow ! - stupid pins 
No more rhyming , I mean it . Anyone want a peanut ? 
I'm home after a great ( and tiring ) weekend . < PROPFEMALE > down here from the south and it doesn't look like there was much rain in my neighborhood ( no pond in Leucadia Park ) . Working on getting my Kindle loaded with books ( thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ) so I have reading while riding the bus . 
Happy Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > !!! Love from the Tickle Monster ! 
I think I coming down with a cold . * sigh * 
I could sing bass if I have a mind to do it - too bad the vibration tickles my throat * cough * ( They are making fun of my voice here at work-means I don't have to answer the phone or < PROPFEMALE > anyone ) 
Ok I need to be all done with this cold ( I know it's only been 3 days but it feels like it's been forever ) 
I think my neighbor got a new video game . Sounds like thunder coming through our shared wall . 
9-grain bread cooling on the rack . Going to have bacon , eggs and pancakes for dinner . 
Long day ahead of me tomorrow . Cashier not coming in . * sigh * * cough , cough * 
I'm tired . 
I love it when a pattern turns out like I sorta imagined it :) 
After all most a year I was finally asked to prove that I am eligible to use a senior bus pass . 
Working on my niece's ring pillow today - it's coming along nicely ! 
I finished the hard part of the ring pillow - it was quite a challenge as I used a fabric that I haven't used before . All I have to do now is make the pillow . :) 
Walking home tonight I was crossing the street in front of a black truck and the driver stepped on the gas to turn right . Luckily I was almost finished crossing in front of him-have a bruised knuckle from hitting the hood . Second time this has happened-same street . 
Well , seeing's how I left my wallet at home yesterday I am going to have to do all my errands today - sigh 
Busy , busy , busy . 
lunch time ! 
taxes done ! 
Pleh - I have to start all over . 
Laundry almost done - wish I had a washer/dryer of my own instead of using a laundromat . 
What ? It's only Tuesday ? * grumble * 
Listening to the wind and rain . 
Baked banana bread today . 
Every once in awhile you need a kick in the pants to wake you up to the reality around you - today was my day . Considering myself warned . 
< PROPMALE > is napping , < PROPMALE > is downstairs , and < PROPFEMALE > is finally asleep on he couch . It's nice to be a Mommy . :) 
Home again - < PROPFEMALE > I found it ! 
So , conversation in the customer show room is about the history of nuclear energy in the United States and how what is happening in Japan cannot possible happen at San Onofre - really ? 
Well the last post disappeared - Yay Aztecs - Sweet 16 !!!!! 
I was just reminded from my comrade in arms that 42 years ago I received my Eagle Globe and Anchor officially making me a < PROPFEMALE > forever . It was a life changing decision and one I would make gladly today . Semper Fi !!!!! 
Working < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > today - means a loooong day 
$%#@ ! &* 
Someone is using my yahoo account to send emails that would enhance the male anatomy in a variety of ways ( please don't go there ok ? ) . I have since changed my password on my yahoo account . I have also received notifcations from TIVO & Kroger that their data bases were hacked & to not open emails of a questionable nature . I am very sorry . If it continues I will change my email account . 
Happy Birthday to my mom - she would have been 90 today . 
Have spent the better part of the day tracing the family tree - thank you to the Hentrichs for giving me such a valuable opportunity . :) 
State taxes filed - check will be in the mail friday \ 
The belt on my vacuum finally broke which means the vacuum doesn't work - which means no housework :) 
Wish my headache would go away . Be nice if I wasn't dizzy too . 
We're off to see the Wizard . 
Home from a great weekend with < PROPMALE > , and his parents . :) 
Ok allergies , I have had enough you can go away now * achoo , achoo , achoo * 
