Time to study for the next 8 hours and take a test at 8am ! 

A long day ... but a great day at the family birth center ! 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > out for her birthday ! A night without children , and we are off to a five course dinner at the Waterstreet Cafe in the private event room as we listen to a famous < PROPMALE > cello quartet Quattrocelli for four hours ! She has no idea we are going , she thinks we are off to the < PROPFEMALE > garden ! 
I just donated 2 units of platelets , I moved my arm and there was infiltration , I should have a good bruise tomorrow ! Go out and donate blood if you are able ! Though some might argue I did it to get the day off from work , I did not have to give two units ... it was an extra 45 minutes . I am so awesome I can barely stand it ! 
I don't want to go to stupid Right Response training . I am taking my ball and I am going home ! 
Behold the Male Registered Nurse ! ( license pending nclex of course ! ) Thanks for encouragement , the prayers , the laughs , and more .... I can now officially have a life again , let's < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
I hate filling out applications ! 
Last few nights having horrible dreams about a 2nd final I didn't study for with all new questions and failing it and not passing the third quarter ... then I wake and smile and thank the Lord school is over ! 
I know why our weather usually sucks . It is days like this that make you appreciate them that much more . Man it's beautiful today , I hope everyone is out enjoying it , I feel like a cretin if I waste a great day like this . 
The vacation is over ... for two weeks I felt like a normal human being . 
Stress has overtaken me , though I aced the RN predictor exam , I can't seem to get more than 60% of the practice exam questions right in the Kaplan LPN book . I think I am going to get an ulcer by the time I take it . 
It's the final countdown .. dun dunna nuh nuh duh nuh nuh nuh nuh ! 
Freezing while watching stuff blow up , why does the 4th of July feel like it is in January this year ? 
Job Interview advice : So being 20 minutes late to an interview isn't the best way to start it . Being awesome will make up the difference , I got the job ! 
Captain Underbite strikes again , OIJ# #R #R #QR % @R $% @R $%Q@% ARRRRGH , mariners need to stop this crap , stop putting < PROPFIRST > League in the game ! 
Driving up to Renton now to take the dreaded NCLEX test . 
NCLEX Summary : 75 questions in 57 minutes . Pearson trick says I passed ! Hoozahh ! I am a now a REGISTERED nurse . :) 
I forgot my Mt . Dews on the desk , I am now at work and I am Dewless ... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
It's nice spending time with a good friend . 
On my way to the first day of my new nursing job ! 
After ten years of work that usually involves tons of sitting I am not used to being on my feet all shift .. my feet are sore and tired ! 
About to hit the lake for some water skiing ! 
Going to hit the lake with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for some waterskiing 
I experienced changing a baby with cloth diapers for the first time today ..... oh man how awful . Thank you Lord for Huggies and progress . 
Preseason football time , yeehaw !!!!! Notice the Cowboys are awesome in every way ! 
I changed a poopie today , and I fed all three babies while momma took a nap ! 
On our way back from Ocean Shores it was very cold here at the beach today I also did not like the fact that you can park on the beach that felt more like a parking lot than a beach which surely nature did not intend . 
I keep dreaming of tracheostomies and ventilators .... all I hear is high pressure beeping beeping beeping and keep thinking I need to suction people in my dreams .. even those without trachs ! 
Never consult geese in matters of spelling . Haha I love the original < PROPFEMALE>'s Web . 
Well first day of class .... I thought I just graduated , doh ' 
I cleaned the litter box since the woman is away , and wouldn't you know it those little jerks crapped in it again , I have to do this more than once ??!?! 
Anyone want to play fantasyfootball ? We are having a bbq draft on Thursday night at a buddies house in Napavine , 100 dollar buy in , with small weekly cash prizes for highest point total for the week , but biggest cash prizes for best record and winner of the superbowl . We could use 1 more ! Message me . 
Neurobiology test , on my way to Vancouver , WSU to pass it gloriously ! 
Mcdonald's Mocha Frappe is officially delicious , amazing , reasonably priced , and sinful . The sadness starts when the sucking sound is heard from the straw as you desperately try to get every last drop of goodness . 
Cowboys are about to begin their perfect season . Sorry Deadskins you are about to get destroyed ! 
Ugh the curse of night shift , couldn't get ant sleep in the day time . I woke up after 3 hours wide awake and couldn't get back to sleep .... Now it's gonna be a long night . 
Shift is canceled ... I get to spend the entire day with the family , serendipity baby ! 
I entertained a bunch of kids with doing back flips , brannings , front flips , twist flips , and such today on the tramp . I think a pulled a muscle in my hip , I am getting old :( 
Only a year ago today , < PROPFIRST > was born , where did the time go ? 
1 nutrition test , 1 research methods midterm , 1 research methods paper , 1 science and God philosophy paper , 1 neurophysiology quiz , and associated readings all in the next 4 days ... ugh . Time to put my last minute game face on . 
Got to watch a brain dissection . Mmmmm brains . Now time for lunch . 
moving a yard of cement bags , mixing it by hand in a wheelbarrow sucks ... too bad I have more time than money or I would not hesitate to get a cement truck and a pump ! I am soooooore and tired . 
I am no longer a daddy :( < PROPFEMALE > calls me dad now ... I am not sure I like it ! 
5 more days of stupid political ads , telephone calls , and useless rhetoric . It's the final countdown ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Patrol : prayer breakfast for guys on Friday mornings . It was very moving today . I found out the that the guys who died on the plane crash this week were amazing people .. Message from the pastor , brother , brother in law , and other guys there was overwhelming . I have a new perspective on laying up treasure in heaven ... relationships you have with people . Blown away , I am going to ponder , pray , and then sleep . 
Self realization : I was thinking of the immortal words of Socrates , \I drank what ? \"" 
Woohoooo 500 < PROPMALE > on 30 bucks worth of gas !!! 
I am Mr. Mom , all 3 kids are in my charge with no mommy for the whole weekend , pray for the children ! 
A family is a place where principles are hammered and honed on the anvil of everyday living . ~ < PROPFIRST > Swindoll\ 
\ 
I love my little hammers :D 
Formally accepted into Washington State University's College of Nursing !! BSN to be finished by December of 2011 unless I get accepted into MSN program for the fall through the alternative pathway of having a BS in another field . Exciting ! 
Back in Boise ! It feels good to be home ! 
I seriously underestimated the power of Black Friday . It's 330am and I can't even find a parking spot , insane ! 
Jesus take the wheel , halfway to Pendleton and the road is treacherous 
Huskies are going down in the Apple cup , GO COUGS !!!!!!! Let's take that bowl game away from them !! 
Musings from Philosophy 413 , Is determinism real ? I think in part . Spirit seems to be indeterministic , and since people are Imago Dei , then perhaps freewill is an indeterministic state in an otherwise determinstic universe . 
If drinking eggnog is wrong , then I don't want to be right ! 
I am trying to help someone do his homework . Question , which life process is a squirrel using when it runs up a tree , 6 options one of them is Movement . He still says he doesn't know !!! I am doing a captain Picard face palm !!! 
Twice in one day !!!!!!!!!!! 
Dead Week is supposed to be .... dead . Tons of stuff due this week :( 
Final papers all due , and now I am sick , great timing . 
3 classes down , 1 to go , time to memorize a semesters worth of stuff about neurology 
All done , could have gone to class more than 3 times or studied .. but I think I got a B haha ! VACATION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My head hurts , did someone punch my head while I was sleeping ? 
Doubleshifts are no fun , must stay awake fir 30 more minutes ! 
Another semester done and in the books . RAAR ! \ 
Experimental Methods : A-\ 
Nutrition : A\ 
Philosophy 413 : A\ 
Intro physiological psychology : A 
Half way through a 16 hour shift on Christmas , stick a fork in me , I'm done ! 
Technology is pretty cool . Sitting in a Vancouver WSU classroom for a class on Nursing Research and INformatics without a proff in the class . I can see her on TV and the nursing students on three different campuses . The camera zooms in on me or anyone when they speak for all to see . 
I don't watch a lot of TV , just doing my charting and watching Grey's Anatomy for the first time , it's actually pretty good ! 
Is there anyone who might be a secret board member for some masters program acceptance committee or other qualified individual want to peruse my written interview questions for this masters program application and give me a little feedback ? 
Throwback Mt Dew is so freaking delicious if you drink it quick . After about 20 minutes it rapidly declines . Like carbonation doesn't like the real sugar compared to corn syrup . 
Seriously , how does paper charting still exist in the U.S. in 2011 . This is how they chart in Haiti , Africa , Mexico , etc .. This is the 21 century for crying out loud ! Get with the times grandma ! ( not my grandma , she knows how to email ) 
My first experience eating at a sushi restaurant .... I was actually pleasantly suprised . I will definitely return ! 
Horrible day with a tire blowout after catching a curb while backing up . Thank goodness < PROPMALE > Schwab is a good company . If only more would follow their business model that focuses on customer satisfaction . 
This family , whose house I am at , has a large aquarium with a very large < PROPFIRST > fish . They regularly fill the tank with gold fish who swim terrified until they meet their demise . < PROPFIRST > just ate another one . It sucks to be at the bottom of the foodchain ! 
My baby < PROPFIRST > has RSV , up tonight on shift at home , another neb tx due in an hour ... Back to Call of Duty : Black Ops in the meantime ! 
So after the 5th round of Old Maid , the 6 year old patient and her 8-10 year range cousins s ask me if I know any card games . I taught them how to play Texas Hold Em , I am so proud ! I taught them some life lessons as well , such as never gamble your grocery money , and always quit when you are ahead . 
Five years ago today , my little girl was born . I remember crying when I found out she had bilateral hip dysplasia , I couldn't stand the thought of my angel not being perfect . Now I look at her , so funny , loving , beautiful , and joyful ... and it doesn't matter if her hips never would have gotten healed , she would still be perfect . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > , I love you ! 
Mmmm , breakfast of Girl Scout Thin Mints and Mt . Dew . It doesn't get much better than this ! 
I am not sure how those RN and LPN's in nursing homes do complete a shift of med passes on 20 people , treatments , charting , pharmacy ordering , treatment referrals , telephoning doctors , assessments , random incident reports , etc ... amazing .... kudos to those hard working and inspiring nurses . 
Baseball has returned , spring is in the air . It's like seeing an old familiar friend and getting to catch up on things . 
I have had huge deadlines and multiple projects due before , as usual from my procrastination . I usually feel intense stress and it fuels me to accomplish the tasks . As this deadline approaches in two days for 2 < PROPMALE > papers and a couple busy work 1 < PROPFEMALE > papers I feel different . Although I am highly stressed about it , this time I just don't care , so now I am stressed , burnt out , and depressed all at the same time . 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . ...... OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN :-) 
Please - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't repost this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
oh oh oh , ethics papers finished , I may have to reward myself with some Call of Duty time :D 
First time I have had to turn on the A/C in the car this year .. Wooohoooo !! 
What a terrifically beautiful day ! Mowed the lawn , put in a fence post , and washed the car ! 
Sing a song today ! One study by < PROPFIRST > Beck , a professor at University of California , showed that antibodies IgA increased 240% in saliva of choral members after performing Beethoven's Missa Solemnis . 
