\what's in my pocket dog .... BIG FACE HUNDEDS !!!! \ " got my servin hustle on tonight ! Ay !! " 

wants to hit the miromar outlets in naples on monday .... who's down ? And yeah I'll drive ! lol . i just need company ! 
headin to sarasota to get my in-styler . it's time to be fierce with a new hair style ! 
GGGGGGGGGG-UNIT !!!!! here we go big blue let's do it up and get another Championship under our belts !! 
Excited for the one tree hill and gossip girl premieres tonight ! 
birthdays suck .... lol 
Gettin ' last < PROPFEMALE > . things done so the casa looks fly and i can look hot as a summer day in Cali for my twannie twan's wedding on saturday ! expect some pix of me and my sis in laws lookin sexci in the wedding gear ! 
Is excited for Ant and @<PROPFEMALE>'s wedding today ! 
Is excited for < PROPFEMALE > Wood and < PROPFIRST>'s wedding today . 
had a great time at the wedding ! Yankees up 2-0 , big game tonight i'm nervous as hell ! i wanna spank that damn rally monkey tonight ! 
kickin back at the casa dolo as usual .... prayin the yankees win tonight .... 
I'M BLEEDING PINSTRIPES !!!! YANKOS IN THE WORLD SERIES ! AY ! YANKEES RUN THIS MOTHERFUCKIN TOWN TONIGHT !!! 
ouch so their my yankees when they losing and your when they're winning ... damn ! 
getting ready to hit m.i.a. manana and cruising the caribbean on sat ... halloween suntans and drinking parties on a boat to paradise ! ay ! 
cruising the caribbean on sat ... halloween suntans and drinking parties on a boat to paradise ! ay ! 
back from the cruise ... it was amazing ! but the w.s. was better ! yankees 2009 w.s. champs ... ay ! i shed a couple of tears and popped champange 4 my boys cause in ny we smoke phillies !! 
chillin w/ my bitches angel and < PROPFEMALE > ... bout to watch a movie ! 
finished at angels house ... the hangout spot is back . chillin wit my girlz tonight woot ! but i'm tired n hungry ! lol ... 
is waiting in anticipation for midnight ! i need my twilight fix ! 
TEAM < PROPFIRST > .....!!!! 
New < PROPFEMALE > was dope .. can't wait 2 c it again 2moro with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
bout to hit up starbucks w/ my bitches ... AY !!! 
goofing round at home .... need some company tho hit me up ! 
all i want for christmas isssss ......... YOUUUUUUUUU !!!! 
Headin to < PROPFEMALE>'s crib ! u know the digits ! 
just finished watching the latest dollhouse epi's .... OMFG i'm in love with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
bored out my mind .... nichole : farmville is not a competition u dildo ! and .... i'm in need of some love any takers .... lol ...... 
bout to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s crib .....! 
so tireds ...... 
no one on the corner has swagga like moi ! 
bored .... going to starbucks i need some fresh air , a coffee and a cig ..... any of my < PROPFEMALE > familia down ... hit up the phone ! 
Call Ms. Flinstone .... 
flying like a bird ... ay ! 
cutting out my past ..... starting a new chapt in my life ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Angel you guys have been amazing throughout it all love u guys !!! 
tired ... going to bed ! wish i was up in the club ..... 
kickin back at home for a bit 
going out wit lynds .... the master and the protege are on the prowl !!! aha .... hit up the celly if u wanna come 2 !! 
long night .... kinda sad to see something amazing end ... but it's not in my hands ! i guess that before i bare my soul to anyone at remember y i keep it a secret 
Finally sitting down to re-write my poetry so i can use it in a manuscript ... wish me luck ! 
bout to shower this has been the craziest , exciting , drunken week of my life .... i need a vacation ! lol 
this has been the craziest , exciting , drunken week of my life .... i need a vacation ! lol at home ... alone i could use some company ?! any takers ! 
just wants to be love ... is that too hard to ask .... 
just wants to be loved ... is that too hard to ask .... 
mmmmm ..... beer ! i'm goodie ! 
can't see my eyes unless my head is bent .... i stay fligh no lie u kno this .... BALLIN !!! 
can't see my eyes unless my head is bent .... i stay fly no lie u kno this .... BALLIN !!! 
is drunk and wants somethin she can't have put the kid out her misery !!!! 
ARE YOU SHITTING ME !!! THEY ARE CANCELLING MY DOLLHOUSE !!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! NO MORE < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wants someone on the tip of my tongue .... haha 
is the cookie monster bitches ! i'm bakin up a fuckin storm ! Ay ! 
the popcorn playa is back .... no one on the corner got swagger like moi ! 
j . v is a yankee again .... ok kkkk . i'm a miss the melk man tho 
is just chillin .... lovin life bitches 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO MY FAM ALL OVER THE WORLD ! I hope ya'll get everything you want this year .... as for me .... well i'll post my new pro pic today and you'll know which of < PROPFEMALE>'s lists i made it on ! Ay ! 
trying to get my mind right ... 
trying to figure out how i went to bed sober and woke up drunk at 5 am ..... 
i'm so fresh to death you would think i got dressed in a coffin ! uh ha ! 
dinner for twannie gaga's b-day tonight ! then hmm ..... i dunnoo .... lol 
has stayed home for two days straight .... lol .... it's a record 
headin to the cafe .... someone does got love for the kid ! lol 
\Cause I can't breathe when you talk to me I can't breathe when you're touchin ' me I suffocate when you're away from me So much love you take from me I'm goin ' outta my mind \"" 
is feirce wit her new things .... tomorrow it's time for ecko red ! 
is killin em in the streetz wit the new gear ! ah ! what u know about that !!! 
even when i try to be responsible and good .... i lose .... WHAT THE FUCK !!!! 
got some perspective from the right source ! god bless and good looks < PROPFEMALE > ! cuz now i'm a be killin it in the streetz wit my new ' tude n the gear/swagga to < PROPFEMALE > tch ! 
I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost . I hope I am right !!! Lets lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of facebook users will not repost .... when Jesus Died He was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% repost this message ~ Thank you and God Bless you and yours !! 
is lookin forward to life again .... I got my swagga back bitches ..... the tides is turnin and i'm a ride this wave who's ridin wit me ??? 
back from work .... fun night !!! come see me tomorrow at at toti's from 2-8 and drink up the on the special ! 
\Oh something's missing in me I felt it deep within me As friends left me to bleed alone \"" 
nude .... lol .... 
it's true .... i have the awesomest aunt ever ! Aunt < PROPFEMALE > liking flyleaf is so kickass !!!! 
\Oh something's missing in me I felt it deep within me As friends left me to bleed alone \"- Flyleaf - Missing " 
chillin at home ... text me .... 
is in the dollhouse with echo ..... <3 dame < PROPFEMALE > noche contigo ......! 
shower then heading out for a bit ..... 
had a fun night w/ tor .... we run this town .... ahhhh ! 
out around town ..... for the night .... 
first day back at college .... school from four to ten ... algebra ,, biology , and west . civ ..... ugh .... i'm super nervous !!!!! 
blah i'm tired 
is making some christmas wreaths !!! i know it's past x-mas ... but i finally decided to make em ! 
Oh baby let me be your dream ... I'm the answer come see me !..... I can hear your heart .... crying out for me ! 
Just got interrupted while i was writing some poetry ! fuck ......... 
layin down ... with theraflu in my system .... trying to avoid getting sick 
woke up in a cold sweat ... ugh .... no bueno ... soup for breakfest with a theraflu chaser and yes i'm gonna watch my soaps , since no one is gonna visit my sick ass ! 
still sick ... bout to take my theraflu crack lol .... 
Three days grace and flyleaf are coming to ft . myers omfg !!!! i'm so there ! 
Hittin town ... ay ! 
boozshy ass perpetrating mothafuckas played me out tonight !! i was dolo 2NITE i'm so disappointed looks like i'm only good when ya'll want me round FUCK YA'LL! 
thinks her mom is so cute .... she needed help with her i-pod a little while ago ..... my mom is technologically uninclined lol ! 
\i live for the nights i won't remember with the friends i'll never forget ! \ " last night was an adventure .... good lookin out b . \ " new pix comin soon ... " 
\it started off with a kiss ... never expectin this ... and now i'm here copin with my addiction ..... \ " - excited for spring training ! got tickets to a couple of games ! I start my first official bartending shift at toti's 2moro from 2-8 come see me !!! " 
Suddenly feeling like < PROPFEMALE > in Coyote Ugly ... Very Nervous about today , but excited . Come See me at Toti's I'm Mixing up some Sex On The Island drinks 4 ya'll! 
watchin the game wit Ant .... no work schedule got messed up . hit up the cell . 
chillin .... bout to hit the books ... text me 
\Blame it on the vodka ..... \ " Drinkin a screwdriver wit cran and writin an essay on gilgamesh ! " 
\ya actin like a diva sayin you don't wanna pay it's gotta be ya fiesty style raise that brow i love it when you look at me that way ... \ " at school .... text me ! lol ..... because u know you love yourself some me ! " 
It's Doppelgänger week .. during this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like . 
doing my nails gettin ready for tonight ! 
is fresh < PROPFEMALE > death 
\What's really good ? what you know about it Swagger too good I should notarize it\ " back from a great night w/ Ash so many giggles cuz she's full a jokes ...! " 
kickin back at home bout to watch some tv w/ mom dukes ... beef stew for dinner tonight yummmm ! 
It's < PROPFEMALE > Bitch .... yes i'm downloading ms. spears .... and fuck i'm so retardely happy right now dancing and singing like a nerdy geek ! AND I LOVE IT ! 
can't believe the beef i jus got into ... all cuz someone decided to use me to get attention . oh < PROPFEMALE > is full of users ... and assholes 
home .... 
IS SOOOOOO GOSHDAMN EXCITED THAT HER BOI < PROPMALE > E . FRESH IS BACK .... venice just got a lot better ! 
just woke from an intensely amazing dream ...... damn i wish i could have slept long .... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments . ( ok well Jilyan wasn't there but the other spelling of my name was and i absofuckinlutely swear that i am not the author of the definition on urban dictionary even though i'm sure angel will dispute this ! lmao ! btw this definition is completey on point !!!! 
another great night wit < PROPMALE > e . fresh ... scrabble n coffee at the cafe-he beat my ass ! chilled w/ kat 2 ! thai food w/ fresh 2moro n < PROPFIRST > lounge wit < PROPFIRST > boi ! -- so tired tho .... coffee is finally wearing off i'm hittin the bed .... lmao 
long day wit doug ... no lounge tonight ... my boy got into an accident . chillin at home bout to watch GH .... and then go to sleep ! 
interestin day ... relaxed mostly cuz i'm sick ... been drinkin tea and theraflu all day lmao ! but went to see mah girl ash for a bit ... always good times wit my bitch . chilled wit < PROPMALE > e . fresh too .. home now watchin < PROPMALE > n norahs infinite playlist ... 
out with < PROPFIRST > 
superbowl party at my bro's ... should be tons of fun ... an of course u know i'm rollin with fresh ! 
< PROPFEMALE > awleans .... word .... brees killed it ! wish he could a beat < PROPMALE>'s record !!!! congrats to the saints and their fans ! 
school ... text me 
it's a new day complete with a fresh and new me ..... i'm finally feeling like things are changing .... for the better ... 
is praying for her godbrother < PROPMALE > who's in the hospital right now he is in a lot of pain n might need surgery ... i'm sick w worry n just wan2 be w my munchkin !! 
tired ..... 
life is good lol ..... 
Young money thieves .... steal ya love n leave !!! 
is excited about the possibilities that lay ahead !......... :: swoon :: 
crazy nights wit my chicas at the club .... lmao . n i luv it ! 
pc4pc ..... makes those good ones go bad .. \I'm on a 24 hour champagne diet ... spillin while i'm sippin i encourage u try it ! " 
And Jerzey jus ain't the same w/o the Fresh ! mizz mah boi ! -- is ridin ' wit a swag that i got from outer space ! -- N this rude gal iz fatal like a buckshot 2 ya brain !! --- Mmmm i love being cocky it'z mucho fun ! 
can't wait till thursday ..... : sighs : 
Call me homicide Jilly bout to kill ya ego ! 
ain't gonna tie me down ... lmao 
U ain't gonna tie me down .... -- out to ft . myerz .... be back 2moro ! Ay ! 
Call me the cookie monster .... Yumm ....! So ... cocky n sillllllly right now ... I should trademark mah swag .....! 
-- 1st official yankee game 4 me in 2 years ! Pirates v . Yanks @ 1 . OmFg ... pinch me ! i hope arods there today .... ( it's a split squad game ) . But i'm so excited i can hardly contain myself ! I'll post pictures when i get back . TRUST THAT I\M ROCKIN MY OFFICIAL WORLD SERIES A-ROD JERSEY !!!! " 
Ft . My w/ Melis till friday .... woot ! 
Melis's coming up 2moro woot ! celebrating st. paddy's w/ my fave < PROPFEMALE > girl ... lmao ... no beach though and i'm pissed the weather is gonna suck ! 
Had an awesome time celebrating st. paddy's with melis , < PROPFEMALE > , kat , and < PROPFEMALE > ! don't you know i'm magically delicious ! ~ <3 
Bout to run some errands ..... can't wait to see Melis l8r ! WERD ! 
You want love ? We'll make it Swimming in a deep sea Of blankets Take all your big plans And break ' em This is bound to be a while your body is a wonderland 
she asked me fo a picture so i gave her 3 strikez !!! Yankees v.s. orioles in srq werd ! so excitedzzz n hopins that jetes n a-rod r ther love mah husbands ! AY ! 
she asked me fo a picture so i gave her 3 strikez !!! Yankees v.s. orioles in srq werd ! so excitedzzz n hopins that jetes n a-rod r ther love mah husbands ! AY ! -- w/ Mom dukes and Melis ! GO YANKS !!!! 
home ... 
KNOCK KNOCK GUESS WHAT THE GOON'S HOME !!!! ~ <3 WerD ! 
So every time you hold me Hold me like this is the last timeEvery time you kiss me Kiss me like you'll never see me again Every time you touch me Touch me like this is the last time Promise that you'll love me Love me like you'll never see me again --- A . Keys concert tonight in Tampa ! plus < PROPFIRST > Thicke is opening .... Mmmm can't wait to hear him sing sex therapy ! -- WERD !!! 
wiped ... long week , feelin like i lived in my car . had 2 much fun Mmm werd ! but need a vacay n a nap ! wishes i could cuddle w/ sum1 rite now ! 
I'm on my NEW YORK SHIT ! I think I'm HOT SON ! -- WERD ! 
is thinking she might have to teach sum1 a lesson .... WERD ! 
CaN't WaIt 2 TaStE ThE RaInB0w CuZ It'Z MaGiCaLLy DeLiCiOuZ ! -- WERD ! 
FUCK IT ALL ...... 
The Cookie Monster is about to be unleashed ! ~ <3 
Knock Knock ! Guess wat da goon's home ~ <3 -- WERD ! 
So should i be completely ashamed of myself that i'm suddenly starting to really like < PROPFIRST > Bieber's music .... damn i feel like i'm in high school again ! lmao ..... 
hittin the beach w Fresh and Brat ! football and beach wrestling word ! lmao ! 
sleepy ... talked on the phone 4 like 7 hours or so .... but well worth it needed to fix some things ! 
still sick ..... ugh i need a new body i hate feeling this weak ... 
back at the er in sarasota w papa bear ..... at least I got in early and at least I'm not tweaking lilke last time . poor melis she's a saint ! 
at the hospital waiting to get some tests taken .... 
hospitals suck and it's worse when ur alone all night and day ! 
home -- but still sick . -- missing some1 special .... can't believe how lucky am i to have ' em though ! 
Mmmmm i heard on the news there's a kissy monster on the loose ! WERD ! 
startin 2 feel a lil better .... hopefully this mystery ailment is on it's way out mah system i wanna feel like me again ! 
I'm sooooooooo excited for Wed . and Thurs .! Can't contain my happiness , these last two months have been indescribable . -- My heart has been yours since the moment I looked into your eyes .... Werd ! loves u soooo much ! 
I'm sooooooooo excited for Wed . and Thurs .! Can't contain my happiness , these last two months have been indescribable . -- My heart has been yours since the moment I looked into your eyes .... Werd ! loves u soooo much!----I'm givin all my life and all my love .. if you .. promise me you'll be here forever I'll give you me I'll give you everything if you promise me you'll never leave me ! 
I'm sooooooooo excited for Wed . and Thurs .! Can't contain my happiness , these last two months have been indescribable . -- My heart has been yours since the moment I looked into your eyes .... Werd ! loves u soooo much!----I'm givin all my life and all my love .. if you .. promise me you'll be here forever I'll give you me I'll give you everything if you promise me you'll never leave me --- 
\Man they treat me like a legend am I really this cold I’m really too young to be feeling this old it’s about time you admit it who you kidding man nobody’s ever done it like I did it ... Ahhh ! \ " ---- Homicide Drizzy bout < PROPFEMALE > kill ya ego ! " 
Celebrating the anniversary w/ mah loves ! it's been the best two months of my life ! LOVE YOUS ! -- Werd ! 
angry ... disappointed ... frustrated .... --- please tell me why i do my best to prove myself and in the end it doesn't matter cause i'm second guessed ??? why oh why ? ahhh FUCK IT , Mikey and Mal are coming over thank god i need some love right now ..... 
still got no idea what the hell is wrong w/ me after another trip to the e . r ....... FML ! 
geeeeeeked up crazy .... lmao ! 
\I'm chilling but my swag on full attack ! \ " -werd ..! " 
can't sleep ... working on a final exam essay and then going to SCF super early to make up my Human Body exam ... FML i'm craving sleep and what's worse is my mystery ailment is stabbing at me again ! grrr ..... 
taking the car to get fixed finally ! 
FML . nothing is ever easy pharmacies suck !!!! 
still waitin on that scrip ..... 
tramadol makes me nauseas ugh .... going to get my car from the shop woot ! it's time for a transformation ... i'm bringi ms. fierce back lmao ! 
Mmmmmm i think i need i think i need i think i need mah medicine !!! ~ werd ! 
<------- knows she screwed up ... can't sleep w/out u next to me ...... 
hitting ft . my 2 see mah goon .... lmao 
hitting ft . my 2 see mah goon .... lmao ---- i better find yo lovin i better find yo heart ! 
amazing night last night .... my body feels like a noodle .... lmao ..... N I'm craving some pollo tropical ahora ! werd ! missin sum1 ! it gets soooo lonely on yo side of tha bed ! 
fml --- crackberry is on the < PROPMALE > ! Arghhh ! 
I'm chillin but my swags on full attack ! 
chillin at the casa .. missin sum1 .... -- surgery on thursday at 2:00 pm please pray that they finally figure out my mystery ailment ! 
I wanna do bad things to u !!! -- werd ! -- true blood rox my socks !!! 
-- Trying hard to follow < PROPMALE>'s advice n think positive ... -- when i wake up thursday after surgery life will start ... love u ... can't sleep argh ! appt . at 9 am for pre-admission testing . and surgery at 2 pm on thursday at SMH , anyone who would like to visit lmao hit me up on the cell to let me know ! 
\I been waitin all day to wrap my hands around yo waist n kiss your face ... \ " ---- werd ! " 
Surgery at 2:00 p.m. at Sarasota Memorial Hospital . Mom Dad and < PROPMALE > is will be with me .... if anyone would care to visit tomorrow after i get out of surgery just text me cuz < PROPMALE > will have my phone .... -- I'm scared but i'm surrounded by love ....! trying to keep positive and think about when i open my eyes after surgery my life will start again ! 
Update : My Doctor found the source of my pain ! I had an internal hernia .... they took care of it yesterday while i was under . I'm on the road ro recovery werd !! 
still recovering at smh .... missin my bed-not surprised at the lack of visitors . at least the v.i.p.s came ! Mmmmm I'm really missin sum1 special ! 
discharged from the hospital . -- feelin ' like < PROPFEMALE > lmao ! missin sum1 ! 
feelin better thank god still pretty weak ... staples come out on tues ! 
yet another month has past and i'm still super crazy 4 u ! u r my past my present and my future ... i can't wait to really get to that future cuz i know it's going to be bright and beautiful just like ur smile ! Mmmm i loves u .... happy anniversary ! 
heading to ft . my to see mah lovez later tonight ! Mmmmm i can't wait to be in ur arms .....!!!!! 3 days w u and i'm finally free of pain werd let the fun begin ! 
Ft . Myers w my lovez ! :: swoon :: 
can't sleep .... n i'm missin sum1 !!! 
chillin w Mallorie Solau and my bro ! 
missing sum1 ...... : *-( 
and the hits keep coming ! argh first lebron signs w miami now it looks like the yankees are giving up a kings ransom for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! FML my fav . catching prospect in the system Jesus Montero would be going to seattle this is absolutely retarded ! we will be paying twice for a 32 year old pitcher 
for now montero seems safe as reporters are claiming the deal is dead ... i want to jump for joy but i'm still scared that it could happen ! 
missin sum1 hardcore ! i feel incomplete ... i should be holding u in my arms right now ! 
feeling incomplete ..... missin u soooo much it hurts .... 
All < PROPFEMALE > game ! werd .... i'm hoping to watch it w my love .... miss u my snuggly muffin ! 
miSsing her loves sooo much .... I need u in my arms ! 
is all over this ice cream beat like sprinkles ... lmao .... missin u ... 
Woot Woot guess who's comin bizzack ! lmao i'm headin home to jersey for a visit get prepared bitches .... aug . 6th it's goin down ! 
werd .... 
can't wait till friday .... i'm missin some1 ! and Mmmmmm in 2 weeks i'll be home in jerzey kickin it w mah fam and some good friends werd .... 
needz new beatz in her life ... -- bout to roll 2 my future city 2 see tha most beautifulist one in the universe .... Mmmmm super werd ! --- \Girl don't turn around cuz i'm love wit ya back in love w ya back ! \"" 
had an exceptionally amazing time in tha 239 w my loves ... werd i can't wait to call it home ... Mmmm mostly cuz waking up beside you is the greatest feeling ever .... u give me butterflies with every smile ! 
To the most beautiful , and most wonderful person in my life : Happy 5 month anniversary baby ! i love u ..... 
but I need u to kno that I care ..... and I miss u !!!! ---- Muah ! 
This one goes out to mah baby !! Happy anniversary !! --- \Baby you don't know What you do to me between me and you I feel a chemistry . i won't let no one come and take your place Cause the love you give it can't be replaced . see No one else loves me like you do That's why I don't mind to Spend my life with you I Wanna please you in any way I can I Wanna share my world and don't you understand . Yo love is a 1 in a million ! " 
\it's not the same w/out u here .... on yo side of the bed ! \ " --- Mmm mah baby surprised me 4 our anniversary and as if her presence wasn't enough she showed up w mah favorite type of bouquet ...! ( I LOVE U BABY !!!!! ) ::::::: SUPERSWOON ::::::: " 
What an anniversary .... lmao surprised by my lovez w a heine bouquet , a superbly performed eyejob and i even got serenaded this morning over the phone while i was wiping my eye boogerz out .... lmao though some of it might have been ur dried saliva < PROPMALE > ! I lovez u !!! Mmmmmm mah baby iz the bestest ! --- ::::::: SUPERSWOON ::::::: 
\I'M ON A BOAT BITCH ...... GETTIN ' SEASICK !!! Ahhhh j/p not really on a boat but i just booked my birthday cruise ( leaving later than my b-day lmao ) n mah < PROPFEMALE > is coming w/ me SUPERWERD ! " 
cleanin up the cave ( mah messy room ) be4 headin to ft . my to see mah < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats ! 
Drivin to Ft . Myers to be w mah < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats ! superwerd ! -- 
a spy in the house of my love ? lmao racing out to the car chukking my bag in and duckin to the floor !!!! 
w/ mah < PROPFEMALE > in srq 
Misses her baby hardcore ! 
can't wait to < PROPMALE > tha deuces up to this wack ass town ..... missin mah baby wishin i could be in tha 239 ft . my goon central lmao .... --- had fun holdin the cart at walmart while my boo boo push me past the cheese ... lmao ! Mmmmm love u ! 
\And I don't wanna sleep if you ain't here ..... \"--- superwerd .... ::: sighs ::: i misses mah shawty ! lmao ..... lovez u < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats ! " 
Worst case scenario .... 4 weeks till the deuces go up on v-town ! aha .... I'm like Oooooiiiiieeeee baby cuz that means that in september i'm a be 239 supergoon lmao kickin back in the new casita holding mah beautiful love in mah arms all the time and waking up every morning to her beautiful smile ... MMMMMMmmmmmm superduper * infiniti werd ! fuck < PROPFEMALE > ... i'm a goon lmao ! 
So am i a complete goober for downloading music my < PROPFEMALE > simpson ?? lordy it's like i'm 16 again ! 
YUP ! I lovz me sum trigga < PROPMALE > songz .... watchin my moment ! Mmmmmmm super duper awesome sauce 
I'm really channeling my high school dayz lmao .... d-loadin some old 50 freestyles .... werd ..... 
I'm really channeling my high school dayz lmao .... d-loadin some old 50 freestyles .... werd ..... --- U COULDN'T SON ME IF MAH FATHER HELPED U ! 
\And this is your < PROPMALE > on drugs 
so exciteds 4 2moro ! 
Mmmmm someone's racin for mah love ..... shake n bake < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > lmao ! 
drained ..... 
slightly hungover ..... and completely upset with myself .... alas thats what happens when u suddenly become an emotional jackass ! 
waitin on mah lovez ..... 
on the menu at tbl an old saggy man in a sheer nightie dancing .... w a side of no underwear --- super gross ! 
home from a wonderful night w/ loves .... but now i'm missin her sooooo much ! 
fancy dinner w the number one man in my life ! daddy and me enjoying dinner at < PROPFIRST>'s on the east ! super werd 
bout to lay out for a bit and catch some rays till mah loves comes thru ! 
trying not to think of u only got me missin u more 
Girl , I'm feeling like I'm coming down with a case of you . \ 
Now it started in my head but it trickled down to my shoes . \ 
I feel so weak , so hard to breathe . \ 
But it seems to only happen when you leave , girl . \ 
Ain't nobody ever had me feeling quite like you do . \ 
I'm coming down with a case of you!----I've come down w/ a case of < PROPFEMALE > ! Ahh fuck i misses mah baby ! 
tell it to my heart I can feel my body rock everytime u call my name ! lmao some ol school < PROPFIRST > dayne for ur brain !!!! superwerd 
has come down w a case of < PROPFEMALE > lmao ..... I miSs u baby 
missin mah baby ! 
everytime she leaves it's mah heart that she takin from me ....... I'm super missin mah < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oatz ! 
Mmmmm .... 6 Month anniversary is today ! I love u baby ! \You are all I need and I'll never let go !!!! \"" 
its not the same w-out u here ... on yo side of the bed !!!! And I don't wanna sleep if u ain't here ..... MISSIN MAH < PROPFEMALE > BUNCHES OF OATZ !!!!! 
wow .... since when does < PROPFIRST > bieber have enough street cred to be on a track with Raekwon from wu-tang ....... :::: facepalm !!! :::: 
I'm counting down the days till my cruise ! Western Caribbean Sept . 26 on < PROPFEMALE > of the Seas w/ my baby ! Mmmmmmmm ...... can't wait . 
Birthday is in less than nine days .... hitting the quarter century < PROPFIRST > and finally i'm starting my life ! 
is still in a state of bliss over how wonderful yesterday was ......!!!! someone please pinch me lmao ! l 
< PROPMALE > Nadal winnin the u.s open omfg superwerd its history I love mah boy from espaina !!!!!! AYYYY !!!!! 
pretty excited about my birthday tomorrow .... plus i might be flying to baltimore this weekend to catch a yankees game .... Hmmm .... who's got the bestest love in the world ??? i do ... lmao my baby is tha fuckin bestest !!! 
pizza , blue < PROPFEMALE > and carvel ice cream cake ..... plus mah loves spending the whole day with .... Mmmmm best birthday ever . Thank you to everyone for the birthday love !! ~ I hope to see a bunch of you tonight at toti's for another celebration .... yea i'm a spoiled bitch i know ! lmao ! 
And the party don't start till I walk in ! Superwerd 
Just one of them days , that a girl goes through when im angry Inside , I don't wanna take it out on you . just one of them days don't Take it personal , i just wanna be all alone , when you think i Treat you wrong , dont take it personal baby baby baby baby Dont take it personal ---- definitely jus 1 a dem days .... 
\When you and I say goodbye I feel the angels cry ..... \ " --- Missin my love more than words can describe .......... " 
It seems like good things are happening ! something that was a huge worry for me seems like it's settled ..... i'm going on a cruise in the next few days ..... and I've got a super duper good feeling that < PROPMALE > and I will be hearing news on the house this week ! keep your fingers crossed !!! 
hittin miami in 3 days .... cruise in 4 !!!! 
super frustrated ...... i just can't fuckin deal w/ the bullshit no more . My head is gonna explode ! 
I'm on my ny shit I think I'm hot son ! -- fuck tha bullshit I'm cruisin w mah baby in a few days ! nothin like a heini midday to cool me down lmao ! 
engine engine #9 on the ny transit line if mah train falls off the track pick it pick it up pick it up !!! peaches killin it old school at totis super mothafuckin werd ! n I love it !!! 
home .... had a long tough nite .... i miss u .... 
MMmmmm it's friday finally ! I've been waiting months for this weekend n it's finally here ! i gets to see my baby in a few hours then off to get our nails done , dinner w the fam then manana we hittin miami ay ! sunday i'm on a boat bitch ! 
hittin the road !!! soon 2 be in miami bitch ! 
at the port bout to cruise w mah baby ! 
I'm on a boat bitch ! 
I'm . on a boat bitch ! n I jus peeped lil < PROPMALE > n t-pain's . love child lmao ! settin sail soon ! deuces fb ! 
guess who's bizzack ! lmao cruise was rough .... no buenos ! I'm leavin tha boat sick n < PROPMALE>'s a bit sunburned 
the < PROPMALE > for 28 begins tonight !!! GO YANKEES !!!!!!!!!!!! 
can't wait to move to the 239 .... i never wanna be apart again ! 
Mmmm yanks lookin good headin to the alcs superwerd !!!! HUGHES DA MAN !!!!!! 
is a lesbian and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/bsRj68 . 
I'm a jerzey girl I might take some gettin used 2 !! 
missin mah < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats 
I'm reachin while imagin ur there .. its so lonely here . and I don't wanna sleep if u aint here ! 
\I pull and you push And we cry till we laugh again and I promise you You promise me back and then Why does it all fall apart in just a matter of time\ 
\This is not what I intended I always swore to you I'd never fall apart You always thought that I was stronger I may have failed But I have loved you from the start\ " --- time to start over ...... " 
chillin tryin to finish my latest true blood book lmao .... miSsin mah baby tho !!! 
Let's go Yankees ! 
super missin mah baby right now ... 
yankees way to go winning big ! werd ! 
< PROPMALE > Hughes .... lead us back to the BX wit a lead babyboi ! Go Yankees ! 
as long as its seedless ... pumpkin pie shake farts lmao ! 
is coming down with a case of < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
reading breaking < PROPFEMALE > for like the third or fourth time ... take u like twilight I'll bite yo neck lmao 
missin mah love hardcore ........ 
is praying the yanks pull out a win tonight ! -- n I don't wanna sleep if u aint here ! 
time look for a halloween costume 
no sleep for the weary .... lmao 
She broke the cardinal rule ... DON'T FUCK W PEOPLE WHO HANDLE YOUR FOOD !!!!!!!! --- Monty ( waiting !!! ) 
good win yankees ! 
Just got the best news ever ..... next week < PROPFEMALE > and I will finally get to start working on our house because the renters will be out ! ::: sigh ::: :::: tears ::::: !!!! 
\I know you 
chillin at home hoping to see mah baby 2nite ..... yankees need a big win from philly hughes .... gonna watch the game w the fam(mike , mal , mom n dad n hopefully mah lovez ! ) lol i needz mah lucky charm ! 
w mah loves 
super duper ultra loves her < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats ...... lol I know u all think I'm too sugary sweet but find perfection like I have n u will have a similar status update lmao ! muah * infiniti to mah baby !!!!!!!! 
I'm feelin like a 4 year old lmao I need a nap ! 
love u like a fat kid loves cake ! 
any ideas for an inexpensive halloween costume ????!!!! I'm losin mah mind 
waiting on my chicken souvlaki pita from pita pit ...... super chronic lmao werd !! 
missin my other half 
she relaxes by making everyone else nuts ! --- my dad refering to my mom 
makin steak enchiladas w a green chili sauce and fresh refried beans for dinner tonight superwerd ! 
Mmmmm I'm celebrating 8 wonderful months w the most amazing love ever today oct 28th !!!! I love u ! and happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > my bestie ! love u too ! 
So 2day is when it starts I'm going to Ft . My to begin work on our home an I'm thru the roof about it .... we picked paint n tile yesterday ( who knew that stuff could be so exciting ! ( btw I fell in love for the 2Nd time yesterday lol w/ a beautiful n perfect female boxer < PROPMALE > n I even picked a name for her Brooklyn ( a tribute to my dad ) but the petstore wanted like 3 * what she was worth so we walked out I was sad lmao ) 
In ft myers bout to see mah new crib superwerd !!!! 
Mmmmm I'm home !!!! lots of work to do though lol but at least we finally have a place to call our own !!!! 
my mind is in a bit of a haze trying to figure out things in regards to the house 
fuck it ....... I don't care 
feeling like my dream might not come true ..... 
but if my time is up let me know right now I will find a way back to ur heart ..... 
\Sometimes i miss u so much that it hurts to breathe .... \"" 
is fallin ' to pieces ............. 
feels like it can't be soon enough .... i missing you too much ! 
is in need of some serious tlc ..... 
out to srq .... i need some me time to get out tha funk .... 
killin it in the kitchen cookin up a storm for Mal's birthday werd ! N i get to < PROPMALE > up the deuces to v-town in a few days superwerd .... I'm a be 239 goon ft . myahs w mah baby ! 
can't wait 2 < PROPMALE > up the deuces to v-town .... Missin mah baby tho ! 
is feelin like all is lost 
at home .... in v-town .... but wish i was in our home with my arms wrapped tightly around u .... i miss cuddling ! 
kinda sad .... kinda frustrated .... i just want this to be over ..... i hate being apart from u ..... 
anyone on fb with a truck that lives in v-town I could use some help tomorrow is moving day ! 
out to nopo w my lil nugget .... then ft . my tomorrow to start unloading my car and painting ! 
out to nopo w my lil nugget .... then ft . my tomorrow to start unloading my car and painting ! ... \You make me Feel like I'm living a Teenage Dream !!! \"" 
\I hate feeling like this I'm so tired of trying to fight this I'm asleep and all I dream of Is waking to you Tell me that you will listen Your touch is what I'm missing And the more I hide I realize I'm slowly losing you ..... \"--- still not w/ my love in ft my .... i'm starting to feel like we'll never get there ...... " 
its's all jus too much ... i can't deal ... bout to say or do something i\ll prolly regret manana but i'm a < PROPMALE > so it shouldn't be that hard to swallow ... i'm giving up i got no hope of happiness at this point ... no matter how close we get something always gets in our way whats the motherfuckin point u don't even love me enough to stay up to fight w me ..... FML " 
no matter how close we get something always gets in our way 
it's moving day .... lmao i know i've been saying this for the last like 5 months or so but it's really fuckin here i swear this time n if it goes south lmao n i have to spend another night in this horrible podunk town i'm a go postal ! missin mah baby ..... come get me in the truck soon ! love u ! 
another night spent alone in v-town w out mah baby ..... y can't the world just let me move to lehigh already FML !!!! 
I'm on some new shit I'm chuckin mah deuces up to v-town .... lmao ! The goon is gone heading to Fort Myahs now . got lots of unpacking and some cleaning to do at the crib . hit up the cellie if u wanna chat cuz i won't have the net for a few days ! lotsa love n kisses but I'm ghost like swayze gotta be w mah baby ! lmao ! 
knock knock guess what the goons home ! got everything into the crib now comes the fun part ! unpackin lmao ! 
at the crib getting ready to run some errands ! 
missin mah loves ....... wish I was in our bed holding u in mah arms 
shower then getting my car fixed so my tire doesnt blow out on i-75 back to ft . my lol ..... missin mah boo 
heading home to be w mah boo ...... 
home sweet home waitin on mah boo ! 
Mmmmmm coffee 
kinda sick in bed ugh fml ... 
Mmmmmm 9 month anniversary I did it up real special an romantic I'm that nigga ! lmao 
capped the evening off w some tasty bananas < PROPMALE > superwerd ! 
fml the washing machine is like the exorcist right now lmao ! can't wait till wed when the couch n tv come werd I need some ps3 in my life ! 
as furniture blows !!!! fuck em for dickin us on a tv !!! GRRRRrrrr !! 
tramatic night ....... lmao ...... but I got a job interview today so I'm alright ! 
I never knew love till there was you ..... 
the house finally feels like a home ! long day w mah baby gettin stuff done ... now iz time to snuggle up w mah loves ! gn fb ! 
bored ..... bout to go take a test for a job 
tireds ... time for a nap b4 my loves comes home 
So I jus called a job and found out I passed the assessment ! superwerd 2nd interview on tuesday !! 
sleep time today isn't my day fml 
U lookin at the newest server for < PROPMALE > grill ! ay it feels soooo good to be back 
food running shift at the grill tomorrow werd ! a lil tired now tho its nap time lmao 
home from work but dayum it felt good ! lmao bout < PROPFEMALE > chill w < PROPMALE > n watch a movie 
Might be getting my christmas present super early this year !!!!! lmao werd ..... 
\But well I am a beast ... they must a been trippin < PROPFEMALE > have left me off tha leash ! \ " . Had a blast at work ! gettin my first x-mas tree 4 tha crib on mon w daddy ! WeRd ! " 
Going to look at some boxer pups tomorrow .... I have the bestest loves in the world ! 
has the best loves in the universe ! < PROPMALE>'s coming home w our new puppy Jeter tonight ...... how lucky am I to have the best love n 2 super awesome dogs ????!!!!! 
chillin b4 work ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
I'm from the hood tho !!! 
I'm a beast on the half < PROPFEMALE > ! OooooOooowwwww ! 
new phone number ! 239-281-1283 
new number was wrong lol ! its 239-281-1293 
Mmmmmm droids for me n mah baby we're 
No sleep in 6 days ..... the joys of raising a puppy lmao 
Just heard the new < PROPFEMALE > OMFG !!!!!! Loving it ! If I said I want your body now ...... would you hold it against me !!!! 
I'm damaged at best .... like u already figured out ..... 
Work .... 
Hungry like a fuckin younger me ..... fuck the fee I could get u jumped for free ...... lmao im on my disney shit !!!! 
Sleepies w da loves .... 
Playin dj hero 2 !!! Love the tiesto mix of bad romance .... I rip that ish !! 
Server hustle get it get it !!!! 
Tired of having 3 dogs in the house lmao khloes going home tomorrow .... back to normalcy . Headin to iowa manana w mah loves Werd ..... now to clean the house . 
Workin at the breeze 
Nappin w my rockadoodles ! Loving my lil boxer 
Happy Birthday to my loves ! 
At breeze ... day 2 of 6 straight ... lmao Werd ! 
Its official .... celebrating one year anniversary tonight w my loves .... pinch me . Lmao I love u baby here's to a lifetime w u ! 
Day 6 at the breeze ...... tired !!! 
Doing a promo for the breeze at city of palms park ... Werd breakfast w < PROPFEMALE > first ..... todays gonna b a blast 
Home 
Happy birthday Mama ! I miss u n think about u everyday . I know you keeping me safe and loved each day ! R.I.p ! 
Promo again . Twins stadium 
Soooo tired ! 
Home alone ..... fuck 
Workin at the breeze 2nite needing a reason to smile tho ..... I got a heavy heart right now 
Home alone again .... heavy heart still .... 
Fml 
Brokenhearted ..... about to lose everything I love 
All I know is I love you too much to walk away .... 
Is dying to feel the warmth of her embrace ..... 
Working at the breeze 2nite 
Sittin here going half crazy ... 
so it's over .... officially . i don't know how to even begin to start over without u ..... i'm back in < PROPFEMALE > and seriously in need of my friends right now . i'm hitting toti's tonight for a drink and hopefully to hear peaches play some dope music . hit me up and come see me , i need some love lol . 
New bar w mah vtown bitches fuck it tha kid is single not gonna drown .... im bizzzzack ! 
Home w glo n mami . Chillin . 
it felt so strange to wake up in < PROPFEMALE > this morning ..... dayum i miss my life in ft my ..... and dayum i really miss coffee and snuggles on the couch while watching the < PROPMALE > n < PROPFIRST > show ..... 
breakfast .... putting soem stuff away then hittin the island to kick it w mah homegyrl ..... it's time to mend the brokenheart , gotta keep my head up and get looking like the fierce bitch i am . 
Kickin it on the isle w mah bitches 
Kickin it on the isle w mah bitches just picked up some new tight jeans n a fly button up Werd bout < PROPFEMALE > be grown n sexy lmao 
Mmmmm I'm soooooo fly feels like i'm taking off I'm sooooo high ! Hitting the town in mah new gear feelin like honey .... someone never shoulda left this size 3 dime ..... cuz this jerzey girl is sexxcy tonight ! 
Not gonna lie ..... I'm missin her sooooo much right now ...... it's lonely on yo side of the bed ...... 
Chilled w/ my < PROPFEMALE > last night had a great time ..... now for some coffee and waiting till my bros come over ..... it's a < PROPFIRST > family bbq werd . 
super excited bout hittin ft myers next week to see my girls ! I miss my breeze chicks ! dinner n drinks would my new besties can't beat that ! 
chillin at the house w mom n glo ..... not sure what to do today . 
spring training game in two days w my titi glo ! supermotherfuckin werd ! Yanks vs orioles ay ! 
needs a strawberry mojito from the breeze right about now ... lmao guess a corona will due . job hunting this week ... 
Time for sleep ! I wish I had my snugglymuffin though ! 
\kush rolled glass full i prefer tha better things .... \"--- lmao .... gotta be a goof u know me ! bout to cook up some dope fried fried rice .... what u know " 
dinner w dad and glo at the chino buffet ..... werd 
home bout to watch some tv ..... tired tho . yankees game tomorrow ! 
Yankees Game w Titi Glo !!!! Ay cono ! werd . 
Just saw jesus montero ..... omfg I was mad close Ay !!! 
Just walked n spoke to < PROPFIRST > granderson whoa baby . 
Oh and I just saw < PROPMALE > swisher superwerd he shook my hand !!! 
Mmmmmm i love new beatz ..... 
just woke up from some really insense dreams ... to an empty bed fml 
hittin the gym ... time to get beast mode ! 
chilling bout to cook dinner ..... ay 
fort myers tomorrow .... feels bittersweet ..... 
is in serious need of some fun tonight ..... 
dominoes .... lol .... i need some grub ! 
home ..... chillin .... bout to have a heine .... lmao 
Breakfast .... Gym .... Ft . Myers ! btw everyone who has my current cell number ( 239)281-1293 please do not call it or txt it after 12:00 pm today . I'm giving the phone back to < PROPFEMALE > . I will post my new number as soon as i get it . 
New phone number 239-745-9047 . txt me ur < PROPFIRST > please 
Fort Myers beach w my bitches 
Heading to firepit for < PROPFEMALE>'s bday 
Chillin like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at blu w the breeze crew ! 
awake .... barely .... drinkin my coffee ... w/ a super crispy creme sun-burned back .... damn now i gotta work on the front ... lmao ... missing ft myers and my friends already .... had an awesome time w/ the crew yesterday love u guys bunches !!!! 
Missing my lil zeus ..... i love u < PROPMALE > ! 
sleepytime .. needs tha snugglies tho !.... 5 hrs on the phone w mah < PROPFEMALE > baby jeez ... lmao lotz of giggles and goofin off .... i love it ! 
Femme Fatale is out today ..... Mmmmmm supermotherfuckin word . pickin up a copy in a bit .... IT\S < PROPFEMALE > BITCH !!!!! " 
Rolling to target to pick up my copy of the new < PROPFEMALE > album ..... So fucking exciteds right now ! 
\If I said I want your body now ..... Would you hold it against me ??? \ " --- i found a song on the new album that i'm dedicating to someone lmao .... it's hilarious .... i'll post later ! " 
\So come on won’t you give me something to remember ? \ 
Sitting at my comp . about to work on a fiction that i started a year ago .... it feels good to be back to writing .... I've missed this soooo much . 
is in need of a really good snuggle ..... any takers ?? 
no sleep again .... fml . bout to head out for a day w my dad .... going for a massage later . superwerd ! 
finally got a cell phone w service lmao thank god ! now here's to hoping i can return the metro piece of shit phone ..... can't wait for my massage later ... Mmmmm 
Fml I hate metro ..... gotta get yet another new phone number . I will post it very soon . Start sending me < PROPFIRST > anyway on fb plz .... 
New number ... ugh .... 239-336-9157 . Txt me ur numberz or post on fb for me 
new phone number .... txt me or post on fb ur numberz plz i have none ! 239-336-9157 
Awake ..... parents leave tomorrow on their cruise ..... not gonna lie i can't wait .... a free week w/o authority ! party up in this bitch lmao .... 
needs to do something today .... lol fml 
Watchin the nadal v . Federer semis right now ..... Mmm I love me some rafa ! 
Chillin ..... txt me -- 239-336-9157 
Mah swag game crazy .... the mental asylum lookin foe me ... ha lmao im a goofball .... 
Chillin w tha fam at mikey's crib 
Mmmm white castle frozen burgerz .... Werd im missin jerzey 
Beer n brownies lmao werd 
tired ..... going back to sleep ..... 
Bored .... 
Use to be valentines together all the time thought it was true love but u know woman lie .... -werd 
