Hey all , ya I gave in cause my friend is going to be on a tv show . So he wanted me to fallow on face book . Just so ya'll know , I am more than likely to just post offroading video . But for now just check out my photobucket . :) 

Don't worrie you got it , and ya I have heard it but dont have it . 
I would love to come to AZ . 
I got A new Industrial and hand piercing . For my Birthday , and my friend and I are going to < PROPFEMALE > so that I can get another tatoo , and another branding cause brandings are illegal in NJ . But it was still cool they got them for me for my Birthday . Good looks on the idea to go to SeaSide the other day < PROPFIRST > it was great even though it was 100 outside . 
Ya me to :) 
Whas good all I'm not good at checkin my Face book every day . lol So how ya'll doin ? 
MY E-MAIL IS CAMERON_S@VERIZON.NET 
Wow thanks all :) . I desided to drive to Conneticut last night with my friend to go to A party , It was great I have neveer been there . Then paintball this afternoon . I got to use my new Carver 1 with tactical gear , and now off to kill bitches in my game . Talk to ya'll later . 
This sucks I can't sleep , I wan't to go for A walk but can't lol wow :( 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn7j8rwX9qo&NR=1 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEAOxnCDhd8&feature=PlayList&p=8A0F398BEC2D5DC1&playnext_from=PL 
wow this sucks still awake lol 
Hey all , how you doin ? Not up to much . This weekend I'm goin Kayaking In < PROPFEMALE > ( it's a great upper body workout ) . We are hitten the water at like 9 am and plan on being back by like 7 pm , it's only like 25 ml . We plan on stopping mid-day for lunch , there will be like 20 of us . 
Then on Sunday we will go and play some paintball . It's cool cause my friends know about my leg and I get a 5 < PROPFEMALE > start , I just got A new Gillie suit for my B.D , and longer barrel for my Carver 1 Paintball Marker , plus trueshot sniper scope . I just sitt in A tree or bush and pop peeps all day it's great . I never have to stand and they have no clue where I am . LOLOLOLOL I LOVE IT :) 
Then I have 5 more drives , 2- 1 taribite drives for backup , then the others each have there own OS , just so I don't have to run comp emulators only console emulators , this is all lit up all sexy like inside of my flowmaster 2000 case with some pimp lights lol . 
My next is a consept Rig that is compleatly submerged under Florinert or Mineral oil ( preferably Florinert cause mineral oil is only non conductive do to the fact it was deionized . I will post a pic . I am proud . You would be amazed at how cheep it was to build my baby ( around $600 ) . Then I sell them with tech support for like $2000 each . BUT WELL WORTH IT ( I have made 5 for others ) 
Well it's after 5 am and I guess that I should get goin to bed . Tell ya'll some more useless things about my life tomarow . Later alls LOL LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > remember to go to the Sliding Rock that I told you about in Phisca National Park . ( remember I lived there ) lol 
Well all it''s been fun but tomarow I may have to go some place . It's not bad or anything but I may be gone for A bit and I just wanted those who still love me for some un-godly reason \lol\ " to know that it's all good . I just may have to go help a friend . They are good people just not that advanced when it comes to well ... power lol . If you see me post tomarow I'm here if not well I'll be back . Have fun " 
I'M BACK LOL 
I don't know if any of you out there like Snapple . But I love it and I love that under each cap that there is something cool to learn . Today I came across one that made me exited lol ( sad that A Snapple lid makes my day ) .... To estimate the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit , count the number of cricket chirps in 15 seconds then add 37 . 
I like TOCOS !!!!!!!!! 
I'm glad you ladies are makin kids cause I refuse to lol . 
Victor , You want to go Paint Ball this weekend ? < PROPMALE > I know you'll be there lol 
I got it nevermind lol 
He who fights Monsters should Look to it that He himself does not become A Monster ... When you gaze into the Abyss the Abyss also gazes into you .......... \ 
.... -FRIEDRICH NIETZSCHE 
Wow you know that talkin shit like that is slander , lol you just makin it worse for ur selvs lol . 
Lol I just talked to 2 nice police officers , they came to my house cause someone had said I threatend them lol . I love it some people just don't know the law and what defermation of cairictor is and how bad the charges can be . Oh well I will talk to yall later this is great I can't stop laughing . Well got to go practice for my scrim be back later ... roflmao 
He who fights Monsters should Look to it that He himself does not become A Monster ... When you gaze into the Abyss the Abyss also gazes into you .......... \ 
.... -FRIEDRICH NIETZSCHE 
Happy Bday mom and Mikie hope it was a good one :) 
Oh my lordy OH lordy Sprty got him some paintball guns please help ... OH what shall I ever do ? Don't weeriiyy mammm wees gonnaa saaaveeess yu'ss ... I love the Squidbillies ... It should be a crime to not love them ... ROFLMFAO ( Sorry but < PROPFEMALE > knows lol ) 
YYYYAAAAAA !!!!! I'm out of JAIL . Got locked up yesterday for vop :( but my doctor is goin with me to court to show that the meds I take for my leg give false posative on drug test . I took the papers and requested a special type of test and my PO said that he didn't cair , so when I go to court my doctor will help me out . But I'm back lol . 
We found quicksand lol just look 
I'm thinkin of gettin new tat on my neck ... thinkin of the word , well I don't know I am thinking of the word me , or heterogeneous , multifarious . my last choice was hate but I'm not to sure on that last one multifarious , and malice are my favorites as sad as it may be ... I'm gettin the tat in a few days so give me input please ;) 
Thats weird I haven't been on in a < PROPFEMALE > and it said that I have been , If I find out that some one was on my shit well ... I mite have to do something bad , well atleat to others for me it will be fun . 
Hey , what's good all ? I havent been around allot do to the fact that I have been busy . Keepin out of trouble . My leg hurts like hell more now cause it's gettin colder . I bought a new quad ( 400 Yamiha Worrior , < PROPMALE > ) this thing flies . 
I havent had a seizure in a few months , not smoking and drinking has been going as well as it can I have been clean since July . They have me on meds so that I don't freekout and beat the crap out of someone again . I forgot how mean of a person I could be wow , it's my temper that sucks . But have been workin on it and no episodes for atleast 2-3 months now . YAAAA . 
I just bought A new pair of nightvision goggles , and can't wait to go out on the quad and do some night hunting . < PROPFEMALE > is good she is just chillin and desided to enrole in classes on line for Medical management . SHe just wants to do it for herself so I think thats cool , as long as she is happy it's cool with me . 
Oh and I havent desided if I want to take computer science or engineering , or both . I'm getting my tat onmy neck for christmas . Thats about it , I will post some new pics . Talk to y'all later have fun . 
Hello people . It is snowin outside . lol Oh well Talk yo ya'll later . 
I feel nauseated , dizzy , and my eyes hurt bad , things are alittle blury , its been like this for bout a week now every mornin even if i get some good sleap without the nightmares . Oh well i am not doin nothing today im goin to take the quad up the street to do the laundry . so i knill 2 birds one stone , i get clean close and run the gas through the moter . 
I think it's 86 days sober and clean 
Few new pics on my PhotoBucket so check them out if you want ... enjoy 
I am goin to work on laptop I sould be back around 4-5 my time ... lol it sucks 
http://apps.facebook.com/tinychat/100001159897487 
Mornin all , I had a crapy night . I think I got maybe a hour of sleap . This sucks .. 3 hours 2 days . 
Hey all , sory that I have ' t been online . I got sick , then realy didn't feel like talking . So after feeling better , I had recieved a few new games from my friends online . We all gave toeach other , we are cool like that lol . So been buisy with that . happy holidays and I willl ht back to those who have been hittin me up . thanky ... Me 
Hey people , sory havent been around . I had to go in for emergency surgery . My Pancrease ruptured do to a growth , and it was so bad that it caused my appendix to rupture . Let me tell you it hurt like hell . So any wayI allmost died acording to the doctors . They said that if I had just kept taking the mpain and waited any longer that the asids would have done more damage and killed me . 
Then they could not figure out why I was in so much pain and dit a CT and fo < PROPFEMALE > t that it had made my appendix had ruptured and was leaking fluids . They said that it is allmost < PROPFEMALE > hurd of , and that I was lucky to have the scan done cause that would have killed me . 
I thought they were exadurating , but they were adiment and said no you were hours from death . witch would have sucked . I am home now but they said not out of the woods yet , they have to do more tests and now I have Pancreatitise for the rest of my life and from what I understand it is dangerus . But like I said I'm good for now . 
Well it's 5 am and I have been watching this wave coming to the US for 3 hours now . The friends that I know that live on the west coast on the water . Wont answer there phones . So those that I know and have been calling please wake the fuck up , and call . 
Just hopped on to say ... Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > and family lol ... So HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALL :) 
Lol I diddn't know tht that crap was going to everyones < PROPFEMALE > , it has just been there for months now and I wanted to get rid of it ... lol mybad next time I will just block it . 
