in my pj's waiting for the new year to start with my son ... way to start out the new year ... 

I hope everyone had a wonderful new year blow out .... now its time to see what 2011 will bring us :D 
If life is like a box of chocolates ... then we should have a diagram to point us to which ones are good ones ! 
20 days until I turn 21 ! 
Another day of hell of the likes I call Walmart ... at least my department is ahead of the game ^_^ 
The weekend is finally here ! Nothing beats a nice cold cola while relaxing whilst my baby sleeps ... 
Off to work ... nights suck but at least they leave you alone to get your stuff done ... most of the time ... ;) 
Finally off nights ... maybe life now can get back to normal 
So nice to get off early ^_^ time to swim ! 
Long day ... now time to sleep and hopefully have a short workday ^_^ 
Finally the weekend ... counting down the days till I finally turn 21 which are 8 :D !! 
Sunday is always a sad day ... the day before going back to work :( at least only 6 days till my 21st birthday ! 
5 more days to go ! 
4 more days to go ! Ready for the for EU walk to be over at work tomorrow so management can stop being so stressed ... I guess it was just another day in paradise today :S ... 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a ... keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms ... I have you in my heart . Re-post if you love someone in heaven 
Another weekend has come to a close ... time to go back to work tomorrow morning , at least I get paid this week ^_^ 
I hate working 16 hours days but at least I have a 3 day weekend !! 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength , while loving someone deeply gives you courage . Lao Tzu 
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him . < PROPFIRST > Brinkley 
Being busy does not always mean real work . The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought , system , planning , intelligence , and honest purpose , as well as perspiration . Seeming to do is not doing . < PROPFIRST > A . < PROPMALE > 
The world hates change , yet it is the only thing that has brought progress . Charles Kettering 
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small . A journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > must begin with a single step . Lao Tzu 
A sense of humor ... is needed armor . Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life . < PROPMALE > Sidey 
Someday , after mastering the winds , the waves , the tides and gravity , we shall harness for God the energies of love , and then , for a second time in the history of the world , man will have discovered fire . < PROPMALE > Teilhard de Chardin 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life ... is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them .... Re-post if you have @ least 1 of these friends 
All of us failed to match our dreams of perfection . So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible . < PROPFIRST > Faulkner 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this ... I did . Will you ? \ " , 201 0-0 9-25 14:03:58 " 
When you're in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love , or if it attributes them to him ; whether the light which surrounds him like a halo comes from you , from him , or from the meeting of your sparks . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
When your work speaks for itself , don't interrupt . < PROPFIRST > J . Kaiser 
today sucked ... normally have the day off but went into work to help put out a crud load of Halloween < PROPFEMALE > . i hope to never look at another bag of < PROPFEMALE > again but i know what i will have to walk into on monday -_- 
8 days and counting ... hopefully this is all worth it and i will benefit in the end by working so much . at least i was told i'm doing everything right by the big boss and ready to learn more ! ^_^ go me ! 
\there is a saying that yesterday is history ... tomorrow is a mystery ... and today is a gift ... that is why they call it a present \"" 
missing my son so much ... can't wait to pick him up tomorrow from grandma's house ... 
son is home now ... so happy he is back ^_^ 
A multitude of rulers is not a good thing . Let there be one ruler , one king . Homer , The Iliad 
Coconut Rum + Coke = Happiness ^_^ 
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible . I have ridiculously large dreams , and half the time they come true . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
hate job ... is there really more i need to say ? 
Cannot wait till Friday ... at this point I never want to walk into work ever again ... 
see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status .... I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life !! 
This is cancer awareness month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member & friend who has lost their battle against cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer 
i wish i could say i loved my job ... i wish i could say i love my life ... at least i can say i have awesome friends and family 
I have carried a human being inside my body , I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have been puked on , peed and pooped on . I've woken up to a hungry baby and stayed up all night with a sick baby , but I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror , I see a mother and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mom . ? 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be part of the 3% that will post this as their status for at least an hour , in honor of those who have died because of cancer or are still fighting it 
so , i get to work and around 9am the handheld computers stop working as well as the registers and man did the richland walmart lose out on a ton of money today ... no bonus for us -_- sad day .... at least it was slow and nicely zoned ! 
Loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I Loved you the minute youwere born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you , and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a decision to allowyour heart to walk around outside of ... your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life !!! 
today was a bad day , tomorrow will be another freight day so i hope it will be better than this day ... at least i get to leave early ^_^ 
so yesterday was great since i only had to work for 3 1/2 hours ! now just have today to find < PROPMALE > a costume since the one my sis got him was too small :( go go gadget Halloween costume ! 
happy halloween everybody ! time to take my superman trick or treatin'! 
Absolutely confumbled ... 
trying to write some new poetry ... lets see what i come up with 
So work was crazy ... home is absolutely quiet since < PROPMALE > and my man are sleepin .... happy days at walmart 0_o 
Went out with < PROPFEMALE > today ... got our nails done and went out for lunch ^_^ so much fun ! Definitely need to go out more often ... you freakin rock < PROPFEMALE > ! 
got into fender bender .. at least it wasn't my fault ... feeling okay but neck sore 
so wake up this morning , neck and back is sore from yesterday ... at least the accident wasn't my fault 
update ... so woke up this morning , back and neck are still sore , went to get estimates for how much it will be to fix my car and I think it will be totaled since the estimate was more than my parents had originally paid for the car ... I just hope my neck and back don't get worse or I will have to see a doctor 
So I will finally have a new cell phone ... it'll be here on Wensday !!! I'm so excited ! 
House is clean ... now just to work on my room ... ^_^ 
We had better have a white Christmas if we are already getting snow 
got my phone today !!!!!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!!! 
Happy Turkey day ! Make sure to eat well and stay < PROPFEMALE > ! 
champagne 
Cleaning cleaning cleaning ... at least my house will < PROPFEMALE > 
I cannot wait for the < PROPFEMALE > to be over !!! 
Not fun ... so getting another wisdom tooth in 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought . Well this is what i want , I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted , I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who actually care ... I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-post . How about you ? 
Can't wait till the end of the day tomorrow ... 4 day weekend with my man and baby :D 
4 day weekend ! Yay ! :D 
I miss the days when life was less complicated ... 
Cannot wait till I get my own washer and dryer ... hate going to the laundry mat to wash my families clothes ... 
Forgetting the regrets of the past and starting a new ... 
I just wish he understood me ... 
\yesterday is history ... tomorrow is a mystery ... today is a gift .... that is why they it the present\ " :D I hope today will go a whole lot better then it has been ... " 
Laundry night sucks ... cannot wait until next week when I get my washer and dryer ! 
Burrito time !!! Nummy :D 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thanks !! 
The < PROPMALE > of videogames has brought me to a new level in my relationship :D I love you babe ! 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? - Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% !!!! 
My apartment is going to < PROPFEMALE > once my man and I get through with it :D 
Miss the days when I was his everything ... miss the days when we would be on the phone all night till the point we would wake up and find the phones still on ... its time for change ... 
So the position that I have been waiting for finally opened up so hopefully I will get the position ! Wish me luck ! 
Happiness and joy ! 
The hardest part of dreaming about someone you love is having to wake up . 
Hold me like i am the last person you want in your arms . \ 
kiss me like it is gonna be the last kiss your ever going to taste . \ 
Hug me Like you want me forever . \ 
But most of all .... \ 
Love me like i am the one you always dreamed of . 
I got an interview for the position I have been hoping to come up for a long time . hopefully I get at least one of the three that are open in the system right now ! 
Behind at work ... hopefully my crew can get caught up tonight when we get in or we are screwed 
If you love me , comment on this status . if you think im a good friend like this status . if you hate me , or ever did , message me why . if you ever had a crush on me , poke me . if you arent scared , set this as your status :) 
Please re-post for at least 1 hr if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Lupus , Cystic Fibrosis , Diabetes , Scleroderma , Thyroid disease , Crohns , Fibromyalgia , PCOS , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , MD , Depression , Bipolar , Autism , Arachnoiditis ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine outside 
So you ask ... Do I work ? Uh yes , I work 24 hours a day , 365 days a year ! Why ? Because I am a Mommy , I am an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur , an ATM , a jungle gym & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or days off . I work through the DAY & NIGHT . I am on call at ALL hours .... Post if you are a proud mommy :) 
Today has been one of the slowest days ever ... at least we don't get yelled at for standing around and talking as long as we pay attention to the inventory team ! Hopefully we get good < PROPFIRST > . 
TGIF ! Three day weekend rocks especially after working 19 days straight ! 
I hate colds ... cannot wait for it to pass over 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! MY GENERATION GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . THEY NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE !!! 
Wishing he was here beside me ... love you goodnight 
Dance as though no one is watching , \ 
Love as though you have never been hurt , \ 
Sing as though no one can hear you , \ 
Live as though Heaven is on earth . 
I miss the old days ... 
Love is much like a wild < PROPFEMALE > , beautiful and calm , but willing to draw blood in its defense . 
Dont take life to seriously . No one gets out alive . 
I put all my genius into my life ; I put only my talent into my works . 
... sigh ... 
Feeling really good right now ... about time to go to sleep to be up at 4am ... wishing I didn't have to work tomorrow ... zzzzzzzzzzz 
I think it is time to stop complaining and just move on ... So tired of the negativity all it does is bring people down ... why can't we all just get along and be happy when it is so much easier than wasting all this energy on negative thoughts ?! 
Went and worked out today for the first time in a week already feel sore :) 
Filled out my student aid form and now just have to contact cbc so hopefully i'll be able to start going back to college !!!! 
Rum and coke before bed I think yes :D 
