The drums were great -- I think I earned a week off . 

is leaving the kids at Mother's and checking in at the Marriott for a fun weekend in Salt Lake City with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is back to work . 
I go home now ... 
has a massive headache ... meeting with the graveyard shift is going to be tough tonight . 
is headed down to Vegas . Let's hope these meetings go well . 
The meetings went very well ... it looks like this thing is actually going to happen . 
can't go to Corps Encore . 
need sleep ... 
Some academics see the ups and downs of the business cycle as the economy's natural response to spurts and slumps in innovation . 
The drums ... we took 2nd place both days in Enumclaw . 
is soooo tired . No sleep = no good 
is going to have a busy week ... or two , or three . 
Congrats to SFU for one more year . And well done to my friends at Triumph St. 
played soccer today . What fun . 
It's twins !!! 
is headed to Estes Park for a week . 
Estes Park is great . I would love some ice cream right now , but everything here closes at 10pm . 
Estes Park ... rained on us all day and night yesterday . 
might find out what the twins are today . 
I'll never forget you , Dad . 
is alone the rest of the week . Career vs leisure ... that's a tough one . 
is a little under the weather today and cannot take the day off work . 
Two girls . It is positively two girls . 
Meetings ... so many meetings . 
It's official . LVE board approved and the Las vegas World Invitational is on . 
is off to Newport Beach tomorrow morning . 
is having a great time on vacation ! Disneyland tomorrow . 
Disneyland good . 
is ready to go home . 
should not have played soccer last night . 
is going to be drumming all weekend long ! 
To all my friends and family , have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a happy holiday . 
is in desparate need of a good , relaxing weekend . 
I guess this was supposed to be the week that we change our profile picture to someone famous that we look like . So ... here's Sloth , my near-twin . 
This was just too awesome not to share . The definition of my name , according to urbandictionary.com is : 
thinks it is time to go back to a regular profile picture . Goodbye , Sloth . The kids love you . 
just bought a new vehicle . Ouch . 
has been checking e-mail all day and still has 200+ e-mails to go . Blah ... 
is taking the day off tomorrow and the kids are of to their Auntie's for the weekend . What to do ... 
is so sleep deprived . My twins are night owls . 
is headed to San < PROPFIRST > . 
Limburger ... that's an awful powerful cheese . 
waited at the pharmacy to gave < PROPFEMALE>'s antibiotics filled . After waiting for 40min , they telle that they ran out of the medication . Thank you for wasting my time . 
is going to Las Vegas for the weekend . 
' s band took first today . 
wants to know the Sunday results ... anyone ? I had to leave before they were announced . 
should go to bed so he can catch his early flight to San < PROPFIRST > in the morning . 
is having dinner at Tarantino's . 
now gets to play around in the city . 
is teaching a clinic at Payson High School today . 
has his first outdoor soccer game in 15 years tonight . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . 
Nothing like the day at work then working all night on a Friday . Thank goodness it is Saturday . 
We got the test back today and it is official : the twins are identical . 
Thank you to all those how came to my concert last night . It was a good night and a good show . Official attendance numbers : 1,321 . We filled the park , but were still short of the record we set for the concert series two years ago . 
Pleasanton is over and it was great . Time to change my name back from my alter ego . 
started the rest of his week at Park City by lounging in the hot tub . 
Scored a goal tonight , but it wasn't enough -- we lost by one . 
is headed to Winston-Salem for the week . 
Thank you to all our veterans ; those who have served and have been recognized as heroes , and especially those who served only to return to scorn and ridicule -- you have done your duty . 
got the Christmas lights up ( without falling off the roof ) and then roasted marshmallows in the fire pit with the kids . 
is headed to Tempe . 
The blizzard finally hits . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are looking at moving . Our house is for sale , so if any of you know someone who would like to buy a house in the Layton area , please send them our way . 
Both babies have a double ear infection . No fun . 
-1 degrees when I got in my car this morning . I still cannot get warm . 
What ? The Super Bowl was today ?!! 
Just wrote a check for $ 60,034 . 93 ... so who wants to go to Scotland !!! 
I'm logging of at work right now and ready for eight days of vacation at Disneyland . I keep thinking , \Vacation is for relaxation ! \ " I hope it is . I'm just grateful for some colleagues in whom I know I can always trust . " 
We are now officially residence of the City of Bountiful . 
I hate moving . Everything is almost ready to go . But now I need to tackle the stupid garage . 
Whoever came up with the term \bankers ' hours\ " must never had worked for a bank . " 
