Woo Hoo ! I got the job ! :) 

Woo Hoo ! We BOTH got the job !!! :) 
Moved into the house on Friday and today the AC breaks . Maybe I'm a curse ... 
Made it out of surgery ! :D 
Looks like more hospital time for me . :( At least it's not < PROPMALE > . 
had a great July 4th ! :) 
is sore from working out . My body doesn't recognize this torture ! 
is feeling seriously confused . 
is wondering if there is such a thing as an Icee hangover . 
is wondering where her friend is ... 
thinks nerds are hot . ;) 
I'm heading to the hospital tomorrow for 3 days to undergo my transformation into Spiderwoman ... or some other radioactive superhero ... unfortunately I won't have my phone , so I won't get any messages until late Wednesday ... so if anyone calls/texts , I'm not 
I'm finally home ! Thanks to everyone who kept me in their thoughts/prayers :) 
cheetos , pizza , french fries , hamburgers , mashed potatoes , doritos , chinese food , hot dogs , all dairy products , fajitas , tortillas , and the list goes on and on ... ** sigh ** ... all the things I'm STILL not allowed to eat . :( 
fe8i4a9 jemapjfieowa jfoepamczm . cj9ea=[l'z vjc . mklenauil ; vszk . That's right . 
Why did this awesome weekend have to go by so quickly ?? 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and now I have a new one to add to the list ... now I'm < PROPFEMALE > apparently . 
Found out the complete Ally McBeal series is FINALLY coming out on DVD this Tuesday ! I'm so excited !!! LUV'D that show !! 
Just saw last episode of Grey's ... does anyone know what's going on with Izzie ?? Is that for real ???? 
Has it really almost been 10 years since I was in undergrad ? I feel so old ! 
Got my tickets for New < PROPFEMALE > on Friday !! Can't wait ! 
Is extremely upset that Fiyero is dead . Poor Elphaba ! 
I can't believe it's ONLY Wednesday ... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , ARI-G !!!!! 
I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > Murphy died ... so sad ... 
One year ago today I never would have thought that just a year later I'd be this happy . 2011 is starting off great ! 
Aqua , pink , and white 
Doppelganger week ... change your profile pic to a pic of someone that you're told you look like . Repost after . I have to say that I don't see it AT ALL , cuz she's so pretty , but oddly enough , I get it a lot ...??? 
Enjoying Spring Break bliss !!! 
Happy Easter !!!! 
Anyone else going to TCASE on Friday ?? =) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is filming a commercial at my school today !! 
I learned at TCASE that I have PTED . 
Elphaba on Glee !!! 
Watching old episodes of Ally McBeal =) 
Finally had a hamburger from Stonewerks ... yummy ! =) 
My day off and I'm undergoing more medical tests and bloodwork ... yuck . 
Went to church at my old childhood church . So many things have changed ! I remember fighting with < PROPFEMALE > over who would get to vacuum the floor and now they don't even have carpet . I'm glad some of the old school stuff hasn't changed though . I think I'm going to start going here instead . 
My brother is the most awesome guy ever !!! 
Just got bad news on my bloodwork ... kinda scared :( 
At the doctor's office , waiting for my results . Terrified . 
The doctor thinks the cancer is back . In my lymph node this time . Thanks for all your prayers , I can really use them . This really got me down . 
Had my biopsy today . It REALLY sucked , but I'm glad it's over . Now , I wait . 
Quick question ... How many of us truly know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get . 
Update : I have to have surgery again and another radiation treatment to remove the cancer =( 
Getting ready for < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
My cat keeps finding snakes and bringing them into the house !! 
Having labwork done for my surgery :( 
Insomnia . Sux . 
GO COWBOYS !!! 
GO RANGERS !!!!! 
What happened to when people gave you their word , it actually meant something ? 
Outside giving out < PROPFEMALE > to the neighborhood rugrats . They are sooo cute !! 
Taking a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > ... 
At the doctor's office waiting for my lab results ... hope everything is ok this time around ! 
Zero cancer cells ! Yay !!! 
I was supposed to marry < PROPFIRST > McIntyre . 
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend , Miss Ari-G !!!! 
Here goes nothing . 
I just ran into my 6th grade crush at church . Who knew 21 years later I'd finally get to talk to him lol . 
GO SPURS !!!! WOO HOO !!! 
