I hate face book 

Wine , dangerous fireworks and a bonfire + My amazing girlfriend = A kick ass new years . =) 
Finally got some new cologne today . Versace Eau Fraiche . :) Just got home from work , got the hick ups for no reason GRRR !!! 
Just finished putting together my moms < PROPMALE > table , hope shes surprised to see it in the morning ! :) 
So hungry ! :( 
Bagh ! So bored . Should not be at home on a friday night but here I am . I need more friends that go do things . 
Can't sleep , Need some one to cuddle with . :( 
Going to the gym with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Be back home later to study . 
I'm so sick of Washington and our government and a bunch of educated fools completely out of touch with reality thinking they know whats best for everyone . This state of the union address makes me sick . The president is such a closet socialist its infuriating . 
Done with homework finally ! :) Going to the gym to blow off some steam and get my sexy on . lol 
My mom was nagging at me today , so I backed up and farted on her . It was a great solution to the problem . :) 
Study study study . :( 
Just got up from my nap , getting ready to study . :) 
So stocked ! I aced my nomenclature test of the skeleton ! :) 
Studying ... Why am I always hungry !? Its ridiculous !! I can never shove enough food in my face !! it just burns right up as soon as it gets to my stomach . I'm gunna hafta have a full time job just too feed myself . ( pathetic sad face here ) 
I hope I end up doing good on my personal training test . Studying seems to be going ok but I don't know . 
I wunna go sledding ! 
So I pretty much found the worst taste in the world last night . Tooth paste and swiss cheese . Never mix them . lol blah ! 
Getting ready to go to the gym . lol Gunna try my moms p90x movie first . :) I bet its a joke . 
Just found out my dad has a blood clot in his lungs . I think he'll be alright , I have faith . 
So much snow ! Anyone want to go sledding !?! :) 
I love my life ! Just doing some studying . Thanking about moving to Hawaii once I get a career . Its so beautiful there . I wunna be somewhere where its hot all the time , or cold all the time , none of this back and forth nonsense . 
Studying .. Life is good . Get ahold of me . Peace ! :) 
Blah ! studying again . I'm ready to have some fun ! Get at me . :) 
Theres something about firing up a motorcycle for the first time in six months that makes you feel alive after you have bin dead all winter . Can't wait for summer ! Can't wait to feel the sun beating down on me . Can't wait to go swimming . Can't wait to drive around with my windows down , music up loud , and feel the worm air breeze through my car . Most of all I can't wait to go ride my crotch rocket and explore ! 
Photoshopping pictures for Dr. Pawlus and getting ready to do my tax's 
Superdeduper happy today for some reason ? lol 
Wow sometimes I wonder whats wrong with me . It sucks when theres that one person you can't get out from under your skin . I saw that person today . My stomach knotted up , my heart jumped up in my throat and my mind went blank . I hate it , I just want to forget that person exists . Whys that so hard ? 
OMG it feels so good outside , time to bust out my crotch rocket ! Anyone wunna go ? 
Life is good . :) 
So I definitely cut my nipple shaving .. >:( 
Overwhelmed ........... 
Upset ... 
Scum of the earth ... 
Today , is a good day . :) \studying\ " and then hanging out with < PROPFIRST > tonight . " 
YAY ! Rain ! I love the rain . :) 
Looking for a job !!! Any Ideas anyone ? 
Just about done with all my EMT homework this week , feels good to be caught up . :D 
So I just projectile vomited spaghetti and meat balls and a protein shake and various < PROPFEMALE > international products . Man , I have some lovely tastes in my mouth right now .. :\\ 
I PWN HOMEWORK ! 
Portishead - < PROPFEMALE > box ... Found my new favorite genre , \Trip hop\ " . Makes me feel relaxed . " 
Ingested 4000 calories today .. I feel like a fat cow .. :| 
Ugh , I finally get to sleep , after all day of wanting it so badly , I finally get to sleep . Sleep is good . :) 
NEW LAPTOP ! :) 
Photoshopping :) 
Had a killer abb workout today , must be due to the large amounts of caffeine I have ingested . * Studying * 
MARRY BIRTHDAY TO ME !!!! :D Its my birthday , its beautiful outside and I get to spend tonight with my beautiful girlfriend < PROPFIRST > Murrey . Today is a good day .. :) 
Had a great birthday . Thanks to everyone for there birthday wishes ! I'm so glad I realize whats important in life and I'm not running around chasing everything that's not . 
I want something to do that's worth the time that I spend from my life expectancy . 
Just slept for 13 hours straight . I woke up with the most peaceful content feeling ever . Every muscle in my body is completely tension free . I have nothing to do today but study and do laundry . I have the most amazing girl coming to see me tonight after she gets off work . Life = Amazing 
So I'm going to Aruba next summer . A < PROPFEMALE > tropical island 19 < PROPMALE > long and 5 < PROPMALE > wide with < PROPFEMALE > clear water . *** STOKED *** 
What if every time you looked at old ladies they tried to eat you ? 
Homework ... :( 
BAGH !! My book says nothing about blood stasis ! >:( 
Happy Thanksgiving ! :D 
Protein shakes made with water suck big meaty balls ... 
Enjoy now . Enjoy today . Enjoy everything that you possibly can to the full extent at witch it can be enjoyed . Let nothing slip through your admiration only to realize how worthy it was of it later . 
Ketogenesis = Midnight diet soda runs .. 
Yeah , I call it how I see ya . I wish I never met ya , I wouldn’t wanna be ya . P-ssy ass n-gga I don’t wnat your gonorrhea . P-ssy ass n-gga I don’t wnat your gonorrhea . 
Snowboarding , sledding , and tubbing needs to happen soon ! 
\Great people talk about ideas . Regular people talk about things . Small people talk about other people . \"" 
Clouds come floating into my life , no longer to < PROPFEMALE > rain or usher storm , but to add color to my sunset sky . 
Passed my practicals ! Now I get to pass out for the day . :) Proud of myself .... 
\You know what ? I'm a freakin bodybuilder ! \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Steel " 
Meow :) 
Can't freakin sleep ! Makes me wunna punch babys .. >:( 
In Evansville .. Just got rained out from work :( In the hotel studying for my EMT state exam . 
I heart rainy days :) 
I'm thankful to be alive and grateful for all the people in my life . 
PASSED MY STATE EMT-B EXAM !!!!! 
Battle : Los < PROPFEMALE > ... Best movie I'v seen in a long time . Finally an old fashioned story line like the good'ol days . :) 
Completely worn out from all the excitement today , ready to go to bed and sleep till I can't anymore .. 
My girl + Spaghetti factory + Supercross 2011 = a pretty kick ass saturday . :D Posting pictures soon .. 
Eat , Gym , Clean my car out . 
WHO said it could not be done ? And what great victories has he to his credit which qualify him to judge others accurately ? - < PROPMALE > Hill . 
Don't be afraid of a little opposition . Remember that the \Kite\ " of Success generally rises AGAINST the wind of Adversity - not with it ! " 
Render more service than that for which you are paid and you will soon be paid for more than you render . The law of \Increasing Returns\ " takes care of this . " 
Every failure is a blessing in disguise , providing it teaches some needed lesson one could not have learned without it . Most so-called Failures are only temporary defeats . 
Trying to find a new bank and I'm so lost ... 
Really wunna go to the gym for a second time today . But I know I shouldin't :( 
Enjoying the morning rain . Who said we were all supposed to hate rain ? Who said we were supposed to hate alot of things for that matter ? 
Fortune favors the bold . 
