Happy new years everybody ! 2011 isnt ready ! 

I cant believe i just made an effing facebook ... lmfao . 
im sooo confused this fb shit is hella hard ... lol . bestfriend i dont get it . :( 
wasted the day away .... going to get up and try to get something accomplished ... 
im your biggest fan , ill follow you until you love me . papa , paparazzi . \ 
baby you'll be famous , < PROPMALE > you down until you love me . papa , paparazzi !!!! 
Lunch time ... Pizza hut pasta ... mmmm .... 
finally , im effing home ! super tired ! off tomorrow & its supposed to be the warmest day of the year so far !! lake anyone ? 
You're still alive but you're barely breathing , \ 
Just prayed to a God that u don't believe in\ 
' Cause u got time while I got freedom\ 
' Cause when a heart breaks , no it don't breakeven\ 
My best days will be some of your worst\ 
I finally met a man that's gonna put me first\ 
While you're wide awake I'll have no trouble sleeping\ 
' Cause when a heart breaks , no it don't breakeven 
Bbq ... hellsssss yessss . 
@ work .. Missing this pretty day ... off @ 8 . Hit me up ! 
Ive decided .... im quittinglife and becoming a professional partier ... im good @ that . :-D 
Omfg ... bad start to the day ... just splashed HOT coffee all over my face ... Grrr ... 
Going to see < PROPFIRST > perform @ the cabana club tonight . See u all there if ur going . Not staying out too late tho . 
Mmm ... beef pho for lunch . 
Went a little too hard last night . Hella tired and now I have to rub ppl for the next 6 hrs .... 
Happy bday < PROPFIRST > ! Party hard tonight ! 
Omfg ... my legs are killing me ... standing all day sucks . Taking a nap so I can go party tonight ! Go hard or go home ! 
Before i leave , brush my teeth , with a bottle of JACK ... cause when i leave for the night I aint coming back ! 
Dude , took my lil bro skating . This shit is sooo much harder than I remembered . Fml . 
Mmm ... strawberry lemonade + vodka and tacos ! Doing it big ! 
Soooo BET awards .. Did u see how big < PROPFEMALE > keys was ... damn ! Baby bump ! 
being productive today ... cleaning and paying the bills ! 
waiting for the boo to get back so we can wash my car ... getting sooo much accomplished today . love it ! 
We r young ... but we have heart ... born in this world ... as it all falls apart .... 
Bored , getting ready to watch \shes out of my league \"" 
Ugh , dvd player is trippin so I couldnt watch the rest of the movie . Grrr .... 
I know I was \miss super anti\ " but im starting to love facebook ! Im getting in touch with ppl I havent talked to in yrs ! Crazy ! " 
So tell me why the intervention thats on right now is about a mom n son out of covington ! 
New schedule @ work starts today .. Pretty happy about it . 
Bored @ work ... dont have my 1st massage for 2hrs ! 
No work tomorrow ... going out ! 
@ sports < PROPFEMALE > with friends n the boo ... having a few drinks . < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love brianee ... \Hop in my spaceship and leave earth motherfucker ... \"" 
\Pick the world up . Imma drop it on your fucking head . \"" 
Having a brewski with the booski ! Lol 
Suuuupppeeerrrr broke . < PROPFEMALE > wont be going out for the next 2weeks ... maybe more . :-( 
Bored @ work . Off @ 7 tho . Whoop whoop ! Maybe drive ins later if I get enough cash tips today . 
If this boy doesnt hurry up and get here to pick me up theres gonna be trouble ... trouble ... trouble . 
Super sad that its raining .... :-( 
2 more hrs of work ! Holla ! If your going to cassidys bbq plz bring a side or beer . 630 tonight . 
Ugh ... we fam ent ? Where u @ ? Were here to support u n u nigz aint even here .... hmmm 
Off @ 3 .... yee ! 
Just woke up from a nap ... ready to party ! 
When the dark of the night , comes around , thats the time , that the animal comes alive , looking for something wild ! Whats good for the 4th yo ! 
Omfg ... muckleshoot is crazy right now ! 
No words to express the stress on my chest ... 
Back to work today ... Gotta get this money ... cause for the last 3 days I have officially been apart of P.F.B.B. Lol 
Ate way toooo much . Grilled cheese , < PROPMALE > n cheese , lasagna n garlic bread , n sweet potato pie . My sto < PROPMALE > h hurts ! 
I miss u so much baby ! I cant believe its already been 2 yrs . I want to cry but I smile bc I remember what a great man u were . U changed my life . Its me n u forever n ever babe ... until we meet again ... i love u ! 
Beautiful day ... yet so heartbreaking .... i miss u shawn ... love never dies ... 
Going to go to my sis house to spend time n eat some grub ... :-) 
Im so over all the bullshit that life drops on my shoulders . I hate when u have an ok day and somebody is such a bitch that ruins it for u . Grrr 
Work today ... so soaking up some sun before I have to go in ... and im off @ 7 ... so maybe get some pool time ? 
Being @ work on this kickass day is wack ! Cant wait to be off and go get into somebody's pool ... brina ... lol ? 
Off between 4-5 . Brina , where u @ ? 
Omg . Super bad headache from the heat . Going to bed . Had a blast @ cornicopoia with my girls tho . 
Coulon beach to get some sun ... then going hard for selenas 30th ! < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Sun drunk .... holla ! 
Lazy day .... have shit to do but really dnt feel like it . Owell ... theres always tomomorrow . Ha ! 
Just got a massage . Feeling damn good ! 2.5 more hrs and im off ! 
Dude , im over it . Im tired of not being appreciated . 
Not feeling so good . laying down watching tv . Big day tomorrow ... 
Sooo up super ealy for the dentist ... then getting my hurr did @ 10:30 . < PROPFEMALE > ! Productive day . 
Omfg ... my gums hurt sooo bad . The dentist was hardcore .. doing laundry then hair appt . 
Online continuing education classes ... i need 16 hrs by sept . Get er done . 
one CE class done ... 6 hrs worth of credit ! plus i get reimbursed half of the cost ! SWEET ! sooo , its still nice out ... what to do ? 
It was nice to have a drink with my boss bitch < PROPFEMALE > ! Now just chillin ... 
@ work . Slow day . Ugh , rather be out doing something ... 
What do u do when ur super stressed out and things just seem to get worse ??? Grab a drink n think .... sounds like a plan . 
First of all imma boss ... just wanted to get that across ... even my dentist hates when I floss ! 
Almost off . Yay ! 
Gutter .... lol 
Rudhed into welork only to find I dnt have a client for an hour n a half ... thats poop ! 
Tied @ work ... but its my weekend ! Yay . 
doing it big tonight ... get together @ my house . bring a bottle or beer and lets kick it . Invitation only , hit me up if you wanna come thru ! 
Hey sry everyone for passing out on u last night ... lol . Guess that I just wasnt ready to party witj the big dogs ... lol 
Transmission just went out on my car ! Stuck in this car with hot leather seats ... im so heated ! 
Everytime I try to do righ something goes wrong . FML .... 
ugh ... i seriously hate this ... i feel like crying ... or just freaking running away .... \ I WANNA BE A BILLIONAIRE ... SO FUCKING BAD !!!! \"" 
Finally , a fully booked out day @ work ! I need this money ! 
Off early , but have no car to get hm with ... so I get to sit here and wait for my ride who drives like a tourist ... ugh . Thx mama , I appreciate it ! Lmao 
Wow , woke up hella early with a massive headache , took meds but it still hasnt gone away . And on top of that I came hm to a house with no power ... wtf ? Fml 
Had fun out for sadies bday . Night night . 
Hope today is a day for good money making .... XING my fingers ! 
Im slightly confused on what to do with myself . Feeling pretty down n out . Really considering moving away ... alone . Well see . 
Who wants to be my hero n pick me up from work today .... off @ 5 . Let me know please . Ill love u forever ! ;-) 
First I get mistaken as a target employee an now panda express ... twice in the same day ??? Massage envy seriously needs new uniforms . Ugh ... 
Tonight has been a tripp ! Swear to god . I am good an some dumbass lil girls ... im kiiiiiiickin it ! Hahaa 
How many wome does it take to find 167 ??? 
Tell me why it doesnt matter where the fuck we go this nigga always shows thre guck up .... say sumn crazy ! 
Having a good time with my ppls for < PROPFEMALE > 22nd bday party . Drinking , volleyball game , and shortly to the shoot ! Heeeyyy ! 
Up WAY too early ... thank god that monday is only my sunday ... 
personal spa day for me !... and hopefully , ill be able to get a new whip today ! everyone X your fingers for me !... P.S. you should watch planet 51- cute movie !... 
Just got hm from work ... bored ... anyone wanna pick me up and go do something ? :-) 
So please donate to the \tianna needs a new car\ " fund !? Make ur donation an early bday present to me ! :-) plz n thank u ! " 
\how was I supposed to know it was an endangered possum !? \ " OMFG ! Sex drive is hilarious ! " 
So guess what yall ? Looking into moving to miami ... im sure they have awesome spa jobs @ resorts down there plus beautiful weather . Second guessing AZ cause idk bout 120 degree weather ... lol looking for roommates that are down to movee to FL !. 
Can we pretend that airplanes , in the night sky , are like shooting stars ... i can really use a wish right now . 
I have a feeling theres going to be some big changes coming ... and im kinda torn about it .... 
Oh mann , too much funk . Lil ass kids with there drama . 
Need a ride hm from work today ... would anyone like to volunteer ? :-) 
Yay ! Getting a massage for my last hr of work ! Now thats what I call a good day @ the J.O.B ! Then the bestie is picking me up ! Woohoo ! 
So were trying to go out somewhere local tonight . If ur down hit me up . Text it if u have the digits ! 
Bout to take off and go to mars ! This right here is my pretty girl swagg ! 
Getting in my spaceship and taking off in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 .... 1 >>>> get on my level ! 
Torchlight is a blast . What to doo after is the question ??? 
Im s class bitch . Haters keep doing ur job ! Thank u ! U make me feel great ! 
12 days and counting ... cant wait to be in NY with the fam ! I need this vacay more than u know ! 
Seattle time with the bestie and my boys ! Love the chill nights ... 
I need a ride to work tomorrow ... who wants to be my savior ?!?! 
Getting ready to go on the super mission to get to work ... gotta get this money ! 
Work til 7pm ... tomorrow hitting wildwaves with the bestie ! Fun times ! 
My mountians are blue ! What about u ? 
Pretty pissed off @ this moment in time .... going to bed , waking up in a good mood , and then hitting wildwaves . 
Hitting Wildwaves w/ the bestie , her sis n cuz and my lil bro ! Super pumped ! 
Just gon ' stand there and watch me burn ... but that alright bc I like the way it hurts ... just gon ' stand there and hear me cry ... but thats alright bc I LOVE the way u LIE ! Fml 
Just got of early ... tired but feel like doing something ... hmmm . 
Thanks brina for the ride to work ! Fully booked out schedule so should be making some good money today ... 
Whats going on tonight ? Its my last weekend in WA before I goto NY to see the fam ! Trying to do it big ! 
Today is a day of choices : we've hit a crossroads ... Go right , get left ... Go left , get right . 
So how do we get to el < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Cleaning , laundry , and starting to pack .... productive day ! 
Cleaning , laundry , and starting to pack .... 
Last day @ the J.O.B. until i get back from NY ! holler ... 
Having an absolutely amazing day ... so high on life right now ... nothing cn bring me down ! & hearts ; 
Wooo hoo ... off of work ... whats going on tonight ppls ? 
Chilling @ the sports < PROPFEMALE > with my girlies ..... hollerrrr ! 
Good night seattle ... waking up and heading to NY in the wee hours of the morning .... holler bitch ! 
Just hopped on the plane ... 6hr flight ... geesh ! 
Just touched down in NY ! Flight went faster than expected . See u all when I get back ! & hearts ; 
Ughhh ... what theee efff ???? What a gay ass way to start out vacation ... 
Its really upseting when ur on vacaton and ur having a horrible time .... 
Went on a cruise tour then central park ... ive been walking WAY too much ... my feet are killing me ... haha . 
Im sad im missing the great weather back home in WA but NY is getting better . Going out ! Party dont stop til 4 in the morning ! 
I miss u seattle , but NY feels like hm ! \im so official I dnt even need a whistle ! \ " ~ stunting on these hoes ! " 
Thunder and lightening storms in NY .... bullshit ! 
Grocery shopping , bowling with the fam , and then maybe T . G . I . Fridays with the cousin . 
Hollywood is a place where theyll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cants for your soul- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Redo : \hollywood is a place where they will pay u a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your soul\ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
SEATTLE ! Im Missing you !... satuday when I get home were going super hard , getting super hyphy , going dumb bro ! * balls to the walls bitches , balls to the walls * lmfao ! 
Its good to know that no matter how far or how many yrs u have been away from someone that some things just can never be erased ... some memories are forever sketched into ur heart and can never be replaced ... ppl come into ur life for a reason , a season , or a lifetime but they all teach u a lesson . 
Hella jealous I missed the sonic boom ! wtf ? Why does that happen when im in NY ! Owell , lets just all pretend I was there ! :-D 
Coming home with some new music yall ... got some hot shit for ur ears ! Coming soon on a saturday night near YOU ! 
Thought I was getting a new tatt today but looks like I gotta wait til fri ... which means im riding hm on the plane in pain ... damnit ! Lol 
Chilling with the fam is nice ... but talking to the boo just made my day ! & hearts ; 
Swv : \weak\ " ... havent heard this song in forev but still a classic ! " 
Just passed the NY races ... they got nothing on the westcoast when it comes to riding dirrrty ! Havent been to seattle races in like forev but from what I remember ... we go harder ! 
Just passed the NY races ... they got nothing on the westcoast when it comes to riding dirrrty !!! 
So tell me why the lil cuz is getting offers from harvard for track ... u go girl . Fastest girl in the county ! So proud of my fam ! 
I miss u ... i think about u all the time .... i cry bc im sad , I cry bc I remember good times , but most of all I cry bc I miss u . I love u . 
Getting tatted ! & hearts ; 
Fresh ink , feeling good ... home tomorrow to put in work with my favorite ppl in the world ... 
PLEASE READ ! : camera and phone pics u post online can be tracked to the exact location u took it . Including ur hm address , etc ... be careful what u post and who is able to see it . 
READ ! : camera n phone pics u post online can be tracked to the exact location u took it . Including ur hm address , etc ... be careful what u post n who is able to see it . 
Yay ! Japanese steak house for dinner ! Super pumped ! 
* Im in ... im in motion ! * flight from ny leaves @ 7:30 am , stop in ATL , then hm bitches ! * im in , im in motion ! * 
Just touched down in ATL . Half way hm ! 
Back like an asthma attack ! I & hearts ; Seattle ! 
Just got up ... feel like today might just be a good day . 
Omfg ... sad , funny , but true : just saw a guy flipped backwards on his wheelchair ! 
Who is not busy on monday ? I need a ride . Gotta be there @ 11:45 amprob be there for an hr and then a ride hm ... any takers ? 
FML ... FML ... FML ...!!!! 
Oh so sleepy .... going straight to bed when I get hm from the bowling alley ! 
Good morning . Off to work in a few ! $$$ 
Gonna miss my ppls this weekend . But have fun camping u guys ! Party hard for those of us left behind ! 
Debating on going out and doing something or staying in ... even tho ihave work in the morning . Hnmmm .... 
Ugh , omfg ... i could effing rip my hair out right now ! Sooo effing annoyed ! 
I feel so refreshed , ive been sober and going to bed early every night since sat ! But , tomorrow its going down ! Getting over my summer kicking it streak , gonna get back to only going out on sat ! Gnight my friends ! 
Grrrr .... cant sleep .... Annnnnd have to be up @ 7:30 am ! This is bs ! I must have too much on my mind . Im gonna have to wipe some of this off my plate ... get right or get LEFT ! 
Off to work in a few ... another day another doller ! Whoop whoop ! 
Off of work . Taking a nap ! Cant wait to < PROPFEMALE > with my girl < PROPFEMALE > tonight , its been far too long ! Already got a bottle , its going down ... 
Looks like ill be huggin the pillow all day . 
A relaxing sunday , just what the doctor ordered ! Believing things will fall perfectly into place very soon . 
Sometimes doing the right thing , tears u apart ... sometimes trying to be happy , leaves u with a broken heart ... sometimes when u hit low , u get a < PROPMALE > to restart ! ~ Havent done anything for ME in a while , changing that today . ~ 
Has a battle going on inside of her ... ur head and ur heart live in two seperate worlds ... ur brain has more cells than stars in the sky , but ur heart is the bass line to the song that is ur life ... which to follow ? 
Xing my fingers . Today could be such a great day if things work out the way I hope ! 
Omfg . I feel like im in hs all over again . The bus is packed and theres this one loud ass lady thats talkin about \u cant find the man of ur dreams if ur poor . No mans gonna wanna take me out with stanky ass pants . I litterally have to < PROPMALE > men down ! \ " bahaahaha " 
Gettingthe hell out of this house is sounding pretty good ... anything going on ? 
Soooo , my bday is in a month ... i have no idea what im doing ! Any ideas for a a girl ballin on a budget ?!?! ;-) 
Wow , TMZ is crazy ! Reporter : \what is the best way to kill someone ? \ " celebrity : \ " cut off their arms and try to let them swim ! \ " ( thats a lil too hardcore for me ) " 
R u Fn serious ? Why the hell is it raining ? Sooo pissed ! 
New trials and hardships just make me eager to overcome them ... Opens my eyes to new possibilities ... a new perspective of this world and my life ... just keep reminding myself change is good and not to run from it ! 
Got a lot of things accomplished today around the house , i even made myself a new ZEBRA earring/necklace holder that mounts on my wall !!! { shout out to the bestie for the idea and yes i used zebra hoe ! just bc u were talking about my rainboots ! } isnt it funny how you always put off the stuff that is really important for totally unessecary ( but fun ) activities ! ;-) 
Omg ... i hate waking up SUPER early and not being able to fall back asleep ... atleast house is on . :-/ 
Such a beautiful day . Off @ 5 . Who wants to go enjoy it ? Danielley , u still down to < PROPFEMALE > ??? 
Off to the lake in a few to soak up what little sun is left . Yay ! 
Work and then brittnee's baby shower ... hopefully the rain n sun get into a fight and the sun wins ! Im not ready to go back to shitty weather ... 
Perfect day to stay in ur pajamas and curl up n watch a movie . Sounds like a plan ! 
Really confused on a few things , but I know one thing forsure ; return of the < PROPMALE > ! ;-) 
Watching Lets go to prision ! A great movie ! 
Being honest with people is important ... but being honest with yourself is the key to happiness ... 
It's All Just Become So Clear , Its A Beautiful Disaster . 
Tip of the day : get creative with making money ... theres so many ways to hustle ! 
Pmg . @ work on break and this bird is stalking me .. keeps getting closer like imma feed it . Lol . 
Home from work . Off tomorrow ! Yay me ! 
Just got a second job ! Start on the 27th ! Its only 2 days a week to start but can go to more hrs in the future ! Woohoo , I need money ! $$$ 
Omgf , the new axe commercial is freaking classic ! So funny : \what about me ball sack !? \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > handler is hosting the VMAs ! That was < PROPFEMALE > s girl ... I miss u < PROPFEMALE > ! I wish u were here with me ! Things arent the same without u . U n < PROPFIRST > mean the world to me and im doing my best to make u guys proud ! I love u BFF ! 
& hearts ; live fast , die pretty & hearts ; 
Such a slow day @ work ... boriiiiinnnngggg ! 
If u have never had a < PROPFIRST > johns sub then u are missing out ! Mmmm ... #8 < PROPFIRST > club is theee shiiiit ! 
So the countdown is on people ... 20 days til my 22nd bday and only 2 wks til im celebrating ... come out n party with me ! I just dnt know what im doing yet ... lol . 
Starting my day ... my body is aching so good thing I have a massage when I get to work then on to making money ... hopefully today isnt as slow as yesterday . 
Fat ass headache right now . Thx < PROPFEMALE > for the mini massage that helped alot . Hopefully , this ibprofen will kick in asap ! 
Good morning satuday .... 
Remember the ones that lost their lives today ... we are all united bc of a tragic moment in our history ... show repect for ther fallen . 
Just woke up from a def needed nap .... whats going down tonight ? 
Dont u hate when u get all ready and then end up going nowhere ..... :-( 
Wow , I really just slept my day away .... just woke up ! Haha 
VMAs : I just got a new found respect for < PROPFIRST > bieber ... he holds his own ! As always my boo EM killed it ... and usher , I love u but u seemed a little winded out there . Still did ur thing tho ! Im hoping someone will act out soon tho ! 
Lets have a toast for the d*bags ... a toast for the a*holes ! Ok kanye , we see u ! 
Starting my day slow ... and eventually got to get up and get some things accomplished . 
Wtf is up with animals following me . Im outside smoking and this squirell runs right up to me n is trying to get into my house ... weird 
Home made lasagna for dinner yummy ! Doing some CEUs until then . 
Sometimes , I think things couldve been different . Sometimes , I wonder if youll ever change . Sometimes , I question my desicion . But in the end , u cant change what happened u can only fix ur future . ( if u think im talking about u , I probably am ! ) 
Attention : models and aspiring models .... if ur interested in doing a halloween shoot in october please let me know asap and ill give u details ! Please reply only if ur serious and professional . ThX 
Good morning fb ! If u need a massage , call massage envy renton landing . Very discounted prices today only to raise mone for breast cancer research ! 
Thinking about going back to my all dark hair ? What do u think ? 
Come get a massage today @ massage envy renton landing and request me . Im completely open until 6pm ! Today only : discounted hr massage and it helps support breast cancer research ! Cmon , just do it ! 
Super long day of nothingness @ work has made extremely tired . :-( 
Finally off of work . So much to do tomorrow ! 
Anyone wanna come get me n grab a few drinks ? Hit me up ! 
Tons to do today , im happy ill be able to cross a few things off of my list ! 
Am I last in your eyes ? 
I have a taste for expensive champagne and no limit credit cards ... luxury cars and designer clothes ... but until im < PROPMALE > and famous .. this life of mine will have to do ! :-) 
Whats meant to be is meant to be ... fate , is the curse layed upon us all .... u can never out run ur < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ugh , I feel like poo today ! 
Work day is nearly finished . 2 more appts ! Straight to my comfy clothes and a movie ! 
Cant wait to have enough money to get . A new car ... or just to fix mine ... i hate waiting on ppl . Grrr ... 
Just rented hella movies ! First up : the runaways ! 
On to the next one : bounty < PROPMALE > ! 
Date night ! 
Ugh , my shoulders are killing me . I can barely lift my arms . Fml . 
Omg ! 5 guys has the best burgers on the planet ! 
Off to work . Its my friday ! Then lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and I think some of my other ladies ! 
Its super nice out ! What a perfect day to < PROPFEMALE > with my pppls ! 
\i dont mind living in a mans world ... as long as I can be a woman in it ! \"~ marilyn < PROPMALE >!" 
What happened to the sunshine ? Owell still going hard tonight ... rain or shine ... 
I look too good tonight to be dealing with this rain . :-( 
@ maxi's celebrating danielles birthday ! 
Gosh darnnit seahawks ! I had such high hopes for this season .... get it together ! 
Xing my fingers that tomorrow will be the day that my luck changes ! 
Getting ready to start my day ! 
Attention : come celebrate me birthday @ sportspage this sat ! I hope to see u there ! 
Full day @ work . Should go by quick . Woohoo ! 
\life is what happens when youre busy making plans ... \"" 
I think back to when we were kids and cant believe how fast its gone by . I am so happy that me and my girls are the few that stuck thru hard times and remained friends ! They say ur lucky if u have one friend left from hs ... but obviously that doesnt apply to ppl who pick their friends wisely ! I love u ladies ! 
Like seriously ???? I should just slit my wrists now while im ahead ... fml . 
When one doors closes , another opens ... isnt that the truth !? 
Sometimes I want so badly to go back 2yrs and hear ur voice , see ur smile , or simply hold ur hand ... i miss u bpb ! & hearts ; 
Off of work ! Now debating on going out or not ... hmm ? 
I want a new IPOD NANO ! 
Good morning ! :-) 
FB Friends 21+ : u better be coming to party with me tomorrow @ sportspage for my 22nd bday ! :-) 
@ brina baby's: chips , dip , salsa , beer , and a bottle ... cant go wrong ! 
Capt'n mo and rootbeer ! 
I NEED A TECH NINE TICKET ! if u have one or 2 to sell pls let me know ! 
Goondight fb . Work in the morning then my bday party @ sposrts < PROPFEMALE > @ night ! 
\Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood .... \"" 
Getting ready for tonight . Ill be @ sportspage for my bday bash . Come join me in celebrating ! :-) 
So why the hell am I up so early ? Ugh , owell I had a great time last night thanks u everyone who camo out ! :-) 
Hoping today will be a good day ... 
I all of a sudden feel horrible . :-( 
\The new adventures of old christine\ " is my new show ! Hella funny . New \ " house\ " is on now ! :-) " 
Its my bday tomorrow and its supposed to be like 80 degrees ! Whoo hoo ! Anyone want to goto the lake or something during the day ? 
Soo ... kinda wanna go do something tonight ... 
Bored out of my mind .... i turn 22 @ 12:23 and I will be out doing something before then ! Lol 
Thank u everyone for the bday wishes ! I love u all ! Off to lunch with mi madre then dinner/pedi with my sis ! U guys r so good to me ! & hearts ; 
Went to ram with my sis n danielley . Ordered a ton of deep fried food and then went to my sisters house for a sleep over and hot tub time ! What a bday ! Thx ladies ! 
Why is it that when one thing goes wrong in life that your whole world is turned up side down ? 
I wish I could snap out of this feeling I have ... its starting to become a lil unbearable . Ugh ... 
Half way done with work ! Cant wait to hit the < PROPFEMALE > tonight with < PROPFEMALE > ! Come out and party with us ! :-) 
Retail therapy tomorrow ... who's down ? 
Doctors prescription : vodka , friends , & a night with no drama ! 
Catching up on jersey shore ! 
Too blessed & hearts ; To be stressed 
Soooo super excited ! Things just started looking up for me ! & hearts ; 
\most shadows in this life are caused by us standing in our own sunshine \"~ ralph < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( big things on the way for tianna ... so proud of myself ! ) " 
Woke yp this morning feeling really motivated ... already feeling pretty accomplished ! :-D 
Sometimes change is difficult and even scary ... but without change there is no progress ... without progress there is no future ... But you cant change the world without first changing yourself ! 
Work meeting @ 8am so tonight im in the house ... Movie night with mi madre ! \Get him to the greek\ " & \ " letters to juliet ! \"" 
Too early ... but off to my meeting I must go ... eh ... 
Meeting is all done . Desperately needed massage @ 1 . Then running errands . Busy day ! :-) 
Just saw a < PROPFIRST > johns dude making a delivery on his longboard ... gangster ! 
If u question my ability to be a SUCCESS , ill prove you WRONG ! ;-) 
Just bought new pairs of heels that I did not need ... but hey , whats better than treating yourself when u have accomplished something on your to do list ? 
Brina ( and I quote ): when I have my next bday party , im going to have a wheel of fortune party so everyone will have to come as a vowel\ .... lol " 
Had fun tonight with my girls ! *danielle & brina * Eating a piece of chocolate cake ( which btw is prob the best chocolate cake ever ! ) and then off to bed . GNITE FB ! 
Turned into quite a pretty day ! & hearts ; 
So much to do tomorrow after work ... its going to be such a productive day ! :-) 
Getting ready for a chair event ... then alot to get done after . Itll be a good day ! 
Trying to figure out what to do tonight ... got a bottle ready tho ! :-) 
Wow , had fun last night ... plan for the day : relax ! And maybe go costume shopping ? Hmmm ... 
\why do fools fall in love ? \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > lymon & the teenagers ! & hearts ; this movie & the music ! " 
Lifetime movies + supreme pizza = a good sunday night ! 
Little shop of horrors & hearts ; 
Made the mistake of taking and late afternoon/ evening nap ... now I cant sleep ... 
Today = studying + costume shopping w/ mi madre + new episode of house + lifetime movie ! 
Baja fresh for dinner .. in ur face FDV ! Lmao ! 
Its freezing in my house ! No beuno ! 
Is it weird that I really want to see megamind ... really bad ! Lol . 
Should've known better ... 
I need to get out of the house ... anyone doing anything ? 
Today is the start of my new life ! & hearts ; 
So orientation @ the new job will prob be like an hr ... anyone want to go enjoy the sunshine after im done ? & hearts ; Text it ! 
I want a celebration drink .... happy hour anyone ? 
Whats going on tonight ? 
\im buzzing like a bumble bee ... biatch ! \"" 
Night night fb ! Had a great night ! < PROPMALE > out with some really cool ppl and played some kick ass games of pool .. fun times ! 
Does anyone wanna go costume shopping ? Text it ! 
Big day tomorrow ! Start my new J.O.B. + costume shopping with liz ... so excited ! 
Must have had the first day jitters cause I barely slept last night ... good thing I have nothing booked so far ... Super blessed to have my new job ! 
Had an absolutely awesome night last night . Off to work in a few .. $$$ 
Hmmm ... what to do ? 
So bored ... i guess its off to bed ??? 
I was sooo not ready to get up already ... ugh ... fml 
Wow , this is an interesting way to start the day : washing maching just overflowed ! Hahaha ! 
Ugh ... this day is just not on a good track ... Now mom locked her keys in the car and I have to be to work ! Fml ! 
Great day @ work today . Busy busy ... now relaxing @ the house . 
Off to work then its weekend time ! Hollerrr ! 
Wanna go out tonight ... but gosh darn , my bed feels soooo comfortable right now ! Someone give me a good reason to get ready ... 
I know what I want and where I want to be ... i just cant figure out how to get there ... :-/ 
Heres one for you : dont talk about it ... be about it ! Actions speak louder than words ever can ... 
\you see right through me .... how do u do that ish ? \"" 
Just woke up from a nap ... Wish I would just stayed asleep , now ill be wide awake all night ... shoot ! 
Had a great night bowling for brianes bday ! I love u beez ! 
< PROPFEMALE > of the damned ! Lestat is sooo hot ! 
Work ! Excited to make some money today ! Woohoo ! 
Mmm ... salsa con queso + tortilla chips = heaven ! 
Off early ! Whats going on tonight ? 
Good morning ! Lucky me , I get today off ... 3 day halloween weekend here I come ! 
Tonight's going to be epic ! Me n my girls are bringing mayhem ! & hearts ; 
\Omgosh ... she's bound to break hearts ... \"" 
Today should be a happy day for me . Instead , my heart is heavy and I dont know why ... :-/ 
Been drinking so much lately that I just ordered an ice water after one beer ! Its the only thing that sounded good ! Smh ... 
Tgif & hearts ; 
Whats going on ... trying to find something to do . Im not ready for the night to be over ! 
Dirty rice , green beans , and garlic bread ... great way to end a night ! Miss u babe ! This meal will forever remind me of the great times we had in our mini mansion ! ( even tho u never ate ur veggies ! ) :-) 
Good morning ... 
Home . Had a great night . Started off a little roccky but only got better ! GNITE ! 
Breakfast in bed ! I love my mom ! :-) 
Loving the 90's r&b thats was playing tonight ! Good times ... top ramen n the sheets . Night fb ! 
Woke up with a good case of the \mondays\ " ... eh ... work and then hm to relax all day ! " 
So totally forgot I have to stay @ work for an extra hr today ... but its so I can get a massage ! Totally worth it ! :-) im in desperate need ! 
Sometimes in the process of figuring things out feelings get hurt .... i just didnt expect them to be mine .... :-/ 
So pretty out but im freezing ! 
Off to work . Busy day ahead . Money is my biggest motivation ! 
Mmm ... purple haze @ the rock is absolutely genius ! Love it ! 
Ohhhmann ..... its sooooo late ! Had fun tonight with my boy \B . RI\ " ... Gnite fb . " 
Facebook stalking cracks me up . Quit trying to figure my life out . Its pathetic ... move on , bc im already gone ! 
So glad my 4pm cancelled , taco time hit the spot ! 3 more appts to go then getting a drink with my bz < PROPFEMALE > ! Whoohoo ! 
So confused ... i wish i was a kid again , when shit was simple . Going to think it thru ... Gnite fb ! 
Its so beautiful outside . Makes my day enjoyable . 1 massage down , on a long lunch + cleaning then back to work ! Cant wait to get it in tonight with < PROPFEMALE > n briane ! :-) 
Almost done ! 
Had a great night ! Its nearly night time ... 
Good weekend . Back to work tomorrow ! 
Q&A : Ask me any question in my inbox and ill answer truthfully ! 
Running on about 3 hrs of sleep yet , oddly enough , im in a pretty good mood . Tons to get done today ! 
Q&A : Ok ppl dont get psycho about this shit . Its all fun & games . I havent answered any questions yet bc I have been on my phone internet . I will answer all questions soon . Just be on the look out for my status updates . :-) 
Q : would u have chose me or my cousin back in the day ? A : ur cousin , but I think of both of u as just friends .. 
Q : do u ever see us getting back together ? A : why do u keep asking the same question u know my answer to this . 
Q : what are my 3 most attractive features ? A : hmm ... ur tats , ur swag , and ur lips ! Haha 
Q : we should start hanging out , what do u think ? A : im always open to hanging with new groups of ppl . 
Q : are u ready for friday ? A : ARE U SERIOUS ? Are u ??? Its on bitch ! 
Q : are u talking to anyone right now ? A : mayyyybeeeee .... ;-p 
Q : when is the last time u heard the name \tator tots\ " ? A : Hahaha ... not since < PROPMALE > high ! " 
More Q&A's are welcomed ... 
Q : do u hate me cause im beautiful ? A : lmao ! Never that ! 
Questions ??? 
Q : whats your favorite spot to be kissed ? A : this little spot right above my collar bone ! 
Q : how many licks does it take to get to the center of your tootsie roll ? A : lmfao ! Wouldnt u like to know ? Lol but I can tell u that u better do it right the first time or u gotta start over ! :-) 
More questions are needed ! I must admit this is quite entertaining ! 
Q : whens my first time going to be ? A : hmmm ... i dnt think I have an answer for that . Lol 
This is too much fun ! More please ! 
Q : can our friends join ? A : UR A NUT ! Lol ... geesh ! 
Q : what are we going to do today brain ? A : same thing we do everyday pinky , try to take over the world ! ;-p 
Q : who does work , C or A ? A : umm ... im confused on this question . But the letter \A\ " comes first in the alphabet so well go with that ! Lmfao ! " 
More questions .... 
Q : Have u ever wondered what I looked like naked ? A : um ... not really ... but now that u mention it ... lol jk ! 
Q : whats something u dont want everyone on fb knowing ? A : im a pretty open person . Not alot to hide .. So im not sure ... 
Q : what woukd u do if ur son was @ hm , craying all alone , cause hes hungry ? A : um I dnt have kids but if I did that shit would never fly . But that was my jam back in the day . The guy from city high was on intervention- alcoholic ... sad . 
Q&A ? My new favorite past time ! Hit the inbox ! 
Q : why do u gotta be so beautiful , it makes it intimidating to get to know u better . ( even tho weve known eachother for hella ) A : um ... im sry ?... lol . I dnt mean to be intimidating but its not the first time ive heard that ... weve known eachother forev tho so I didnt realize u felt that way ! 
Q : what do u think of me ? A : I think ur handsome and we always have alot of laughs together . So ur cool , but not as cool as me ! Lol 
Q : how much do u miss me let < PROPFEMALE > ! A : a ton ! And asap ! 
Omgeee ! This wind has been absolutely insane ! Geesh ... 
Off to work in a few and then tacos tonight with some of my faves ! 
C'mon bitches . Get it together . Worry about u and what ur doing .... What am I doing ?? Oh yeah , thats right , im doing me ! 
My biatch is on her way home . Going hard tonight with our girls ! Nothing is better than having the whole \group\ " back together ! Off @ 7 ! " 
Last appt of the day . Off in an hr than its a seriously needed night out on the town ! What to wear ? Hmmm ... 
Having a great night . Woohoo ! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > sands ! Shes a beautiful woma and a great friend . So glad cass locc is home . Too bad she passed out ! Hoe ! Lol 
:-) 
alright , it took quite a bit to re-coop ... but i am back at it again bitches ! lets do it moving ! 
Ugh , is it super creeper night tonight or what ? 
\Im wrong ... in all the right ways .... \"- pink " 
Snow ... ur pretty but I def dnt want to drive with u around . 
Waiting for cass-locc to get here ! Hurry up hoe face ! Im trying to go play in the snow ! 
Snow Day : (( Simple tip to keep warm )): always keep a bottle of your favorite liquor and a few board games on deck . Im about to hit the LIQ right now ! No work tomorrow ! ;-p 
Off to work in a few ... 
Happy thanksgiving . Be grateful to have the friends & family u have in ur life . And be happy u have ur health and u have seen another yr , as many ppl we love did not . Love u all ! 
Is tonight going to be a good night ? Hell no ! Its going to be an absolutely amazing , unbelievably fantastic night ! Nobody does it like we do it ! Balls to the walls bitches ! 
& hearts ; 
Off to work in a few . Tgif ! 
Cass locc should be happy . Everyone in my office are wearing cougs gear in support of apple cup ... Egh ... im the only one who isnt ... must not have got the memo ... 
Sometimes its nice to have a saturday night IN ! 
Work until one and then errands to be done . productive day . 
\I eat boys up ... breakfsast & lunch ... then when im thirsty ... I drink their blood ! I AM CANNIBAL ! \ " ~ k3$ha ! " 
Ugh , so hungover ... work in an hour . No more \thirsty thursdays\ " for me . :-/ " 
Finally putting the tree up and decorating for xmas ... dont forget to rsvp if ur coming to the girls xmas party on sat ! 
So much to do ... So little time ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! & hearts ; 
Anyone up for some retail therapy today ....? 
Oh snap , its snowing again ! 
Ugh , I hate this feeling ... cant wait for today to be over ... 
ATTENTION ! dropped my damn pnone in the toilet ! contact me on here if you need me . ugh !!!!!!!!!!!! ! @#$%^&*()&%$@#& 
being without a phone sucks !!! 
It feels like i am burying someone i love every 6 months .... i hate this feeling ... I LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > ... RIP ... NEVER FORGOTTEN ... YOUR LIFE WILL FOREVER BE CELEBRATED !!! 
Just got my new phone please text me your < PROPFIRST > if you have mine . 
Now if you guys will text me your < PROPFIRST > if you haven't . Thx 
Yay snow ... going quading . 
2hrs left ... cmon weekend , I need u in my life asap ! 
Rip < PROPFIRST > . We love you . Although it still hasnt hit me that your gone ill never forget our memories . 
Had fun @ moms for enchiladas n game night . Hand & foot is now a top 5 card game in my book . Addicting ! 
Happy friday . Getting a ton done this morning . Then work in the pm ! 
I love superbowl sunday . Good people , good food , good memories ! 
I love spending days off doing the things u WANT to do instead of the things you HAVE to do . & hearts ; 
Work until 8 ... then crawling straight into bed ! « best part of my day » 
Off in an hr and then off to showare for the ladies night concert ! Thanks to my thoughtful bf ! :-) 
Today is dumb .... 
So glad its friday ... 2 more hours until my weekend begins ! Hells yes ! 
Counting down the days to march 11th ... i need an effin break .... life is a monster n if youre not careful .... itll eat you up ! 
We built this up brick by brick ... so strong and sturdy nothing can break us down ... 
I cant wait for the work day to be done . 6pm cannot come fast enough ! So tired , all I wanna do is curl up in bed ! 
The snow is fun for tonight but I hope its gone by the morning ! 
Besides the fact that its so darn cold outside , today is off to a great start ! Happy friday ! 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ! I miss you bpb ! 
I may be bad but im perfectly good at it ! 
Thank god I leave for 85 degree weather on fri morning ... this rain is killing me .... 
Cant wait to be off of work & let my vacation begin ! AZ bound in the am ! 
Hoping for the best to those in japan & hawaii ... 
Just waking up , about to throw on the bikini and get poolside ... sry seattle ... ill try to bring the sun hm with me ! 
Getting ready .. going to the E40 , lil < PROPFIRST > , too short , baby bash , & < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > concert tonight . Then out on the town ! 
\why is the table wet ?.... bc u queefed\ " ... lol .. ps ... casablanca is a hot mess ! " 
Happy st. patricks day . Mariners game tonight then to the < PROPFEMALE > bars ! Just for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! See u in a few hrs < PROPFIRST > sky ! 
Damnit . Let the peeling begin . Thought id het out of az w/o a sunburn but I was wrong . Lame .... 
Going hard for st. pattys . < PROPFEMALE > wolfhound is just a huge crazy party , love it ! 
I love having a good monday morning ... sets the tone for your whole week . 1st day back after vacay ... never imagined itd go this swell ! 
