going to black church ! :) this is going to be interesting ! 

black church was crazy this morning ! I was feelin da luv ! Dr. Reverend < PROPMALE > said \i sure wasnt on my space today but i sho was on yours ! \ " i thought that was funny :p hahah " 
One more year down many many more to come ! 
wow first day back to school always seems so long ! :p but the plus side is last semester then graduation and no more high school ! :D 
Wow :) tonight was a great night :) its great when theres always that someone that when theyre around it can make a bad day suddenly become the best day youve had in a while just by being around to make you smile :) 
Sometimes its the smallest simplest things in life that make us the happiest :) 
once again that special someone always seems to know how to make any bad day turn into the best day :) and its in those special moments that you share that you realize just how much you love someone :) 
oh my gosh ! between stupid school test and quizzes and the rain my skip day tomorrow to go enjoy the lake has been postponed to Friday ! :p I JUST WANT TO GO SKI AT THE LAKE AND IT BE SUMMER TIME AGAIN :p hahah 
well senior week was a blast and to top it all off i formally asked < PROPFEMALE > to prom tonight by making her go on a scavenger hunt to find me :p hahah woo hooo one week till prom then only a few more days till high school is over ! 
So take to many pictures laugh to much & love like uve never been hurt because every 60 seconds you spend upset is a minute of happiness u’ll never get back Don’t be afraid your life will end be afraid that it will never begin ! ” 
“As we grow up we learn that even the one person that wasnt supposed to ever let u down prlly will U will have your heart broken prlly more than once & its harder every time U’ll break hearts to so remember how it felt when urs was broken U’ll fight with ur best friend U’ll blame a new love for things an old one did U’ll cry because time is passing to fast and u’ll eventually lose someone u love ... 
finally this is the weekend ! Prom and all night with my frineds and school is pretty much officially over for me all we do the rest of the year is take naps :) this is how senior year is supposed to be :) 
Awesome day at the lake ! this is going to be a good summer :) 
to North < PROPFEMALE > for intro till tuesday with my two favorite people Schocke and < PROPFEMALE > :) should be tons of fun :) pic-nics , games , tubing , a dance , and one great time . i cant wait . 
you know what sucks ! when you go in to work for the first time n two weeks and find out you no longer have a job there at all when you just thought it was a few days off :p they no longer even give you any warnings anymore just fire you cause your going to college to better yourself :p 
happy 4th everyone ! gona be an awesome ay at the lake all day . Huge party on the dock and then fireworks tonight . Lets hope everyone comes back home with all their fingers and limbs :p 
wow its always the days after that the soreness of the weekend before begin to settle in :p my body aches all over ! :p hahahah 
is in one of those weird moods where everything seems to be mess and your caught fighting with yourself about the situations in your life and wondering about the future :p 
another great day at the lake ! :) 
is going skiing at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > in the morning ! should be another great time barefooting especially watching < PROPFEMALE > try :p 
was rudely woken up this morning at 8 and told come to work ! what made it awful is that it was my first day and i had no idea what i was doing all day ! :p on the plus side i made about 70 dollars ! :) all it took was being a little forceful with the boss lady ! :p hahah 
officially completed my first week on the new job . not to bad for or too hard for $300 . maybe getting a new car tomorrow if all goes as planned :) 
got a new car and had a great night with a very special girl who i love very much :) what an awesome day ! :) 
what a day woke up at 6 , work at 7 - 4 , then the lake from 5 - 9:30 , out to eat , just got home , and gona do it all over again every day till saturday :p one day off then repeat the schedule . this is gona be an exhausting busy last few weeks of summer :p 
long week at work and i cant even celebrate it being over cause i have overtime tomorrow :p and cant even get my car running yet cause the carbs still not ready :p this is kinda of a disappointing friday ! 
finally the long week at work comes to an end :p now just to get my car running :p gosh i graduate and suddenly i see exactly how my parents always feel :p work all day all week and come home each day only to work more :p 
if ever there was a time to cry let it all out tonight . if ever there was a time to smile let those < PROPFEMALE > whites shine bright because life started a long time ago . this is no act or movie you can rewind , and for every mask you put on its just one extra lie to keep playing the rest of your life . 
talking to the black liberian pastor at work has become one of the best parts of every day on the new job . Its just so cool to listen to him talk :) 
the best thing after a long day at work is coming home to be greeted at the door by the love of my life :) 
Just finished my last day of work after working 3 weeks straight with overtime and no days off . I finally just finished my 68 hour work week time to go to the beach ! :) 
just enjoyed my first day off and my last day on the lake swimming the boat back to the dock :p be heading off to the beach at 6 in the morning with all of my friends for one final shabang before college :) 
wrst day ever :/ last day before college and everything went wrong 1st went to open bank account found out someone had taken my ssn spent 3 hr fixin it still unresolved then went to get new phone and some idiot did evrything wrong spent 2 hr canceling everything now i cant get 1 only good thing was gettin my car back but even that had problems best part of my day was a big hug from < PROPMALE > to let me no evrythings alright 
just moved in to college ! here we go and the first night has no curfew ! :) gona < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > and schocke . good day after the mess of a day yesterday :P 
what an awesome night ! if this is college then i think im gona like it just fine :) 
If anyone wants to send me mail at college i now have my mailbox :) \ 
The address is :\ 
\ 
Keelan Horah\ 
NGCSU Box 5264\ 
82 College Circle\ 
Dahlonega , GA 30597 
The Hypnotist was awesome everyone was doing all kinds of crazy stuff ! one of the funniest things ive ever seen ! :) it was a great night 
Sometimes all it takes to remember whats really important in life is a few good days with the people who care the most about you 
Every person has 1000 wishes ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . 
\if you need a lifeguard ours walks on water\ " church by my neighborhood . Such a good quote " 
Halloween was a success ! Ran around in some whity tighties and got several compliments and all the pople couldnt keep their eyes off my crotch :p hahahah ( but just so everyone knows we were actually dressed as spartans :p not just chillin naked :p ) hahah 
BROTHER WEEK : If you have a brother who has made you laugh , tortured you , stuckup for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watch you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , & you cant do without , copy and paste this to your wall . 
hates when your room smells like something dead and you have to live with it a whole semester not to mention its freezing cold to the point it makes you sick cause they dont believe in using heat until january and then when you try to talk to someone about it all they tell you is sorry ! what a waste of $1600 or wait make that $3200 cause we have a whole nother semester . I woulda been better off just living in a box :p 
Sometimes it's so hard to find the right words to say and no matter how you really feel about a situation all you want is for the ones you love to be happy no matter what the consequences 
God is good , all the time ... All the time , God is good 
I thank the lord for this wonderful life i am given for each and every day just gets better and better and always brings something new :) Happy Thanksgiving everyone :) its time to smile , be thankful , and EAT ! EAT ! EAT !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > STOP distracting me ! :p i have a research paper to write ! :p 2 hours down and still nothing but an introduction ! :p SUCCESS ! 
Wow ! you know ... I just love life ! :) God is good all the time , all the time God is good ! :) 
Happy Birthday Jesus ! :D Marry Christmas everyone and let today be a time for everyone to remember the true reason for the season :) 
No matter how many times the wind blows by , theres just some things in life that never grow old . Like the sweet savory flavor of some good home cookin , the warming feeling of helping someone in need , God's gracious painting on the horizon with every sun rise and sun set , or the indescribable feeling of love thats shared between two special people and the soothing sound of their voice after a long day away :) 
Long day :p rode the new fourwheeler yesterday for about 3 hours it was covered in mud the first 10 minutes , then it took all day today to clean it up along with all my gear . Why cant cleaning things be as quick and easy and as much fun as messing them up ! :p 
So many toys so much snow !! :) fourwheeler baja bug jacked up trucks :) I love this ! 
Loving my new truck ! :) 
Well so i guess its bad < PROPFEMALE > to pick on people with perfect tans in the middle of winter cause i just ended up a nice bright burnt red ! :p apparently roofing with no shirt on in the middle of february might i add = sunburn and lots of pain :p who knew !? :p 
Thanks everyone for all the happy birthdays :) 
\And when they tried to take me out I said whooooop ! Take me out another day ! Take me out another day ! \ " hahah how the little girl I babysat described to me and Schocke that she was born :p " 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status . God Bless all our troops , past and present !!! 
hey if anyone wants to know there horoscope for the day according to the new zodiac signs call this number 413-497-0077 . :) 
They say as time passes on people press on learning how to get the hard times gone . Find the time to make the place for God to send down his saving grace and thats the way of livin when life keeps on givin back . 
Sad tines everyone :/ the bug will officially be gone on Tuesday :( I'm gonna miss it but desperate times mean making sacrifices :p 
Yay ! I got a new mountain bike for really cheap and I got my baby back ! Looks like life's lookin up for me again :) 
in the process of making a cigar box guitar ! :) its gonna be awesome ! 
Had an awesome day at sixflags even if we did break every ride we got on :p 
