We are closing on our first home tomorrow and I am soooooo excited ! 

is getting keys to her house today ! 
has a crazy month ahead ! We have to paint our house and move our family in before Thanksgiving and our car broke down on sunday night ! Wish us luck ... I know we can do it ! 
is thankful for all the birthday wishes . Thank you ! It was wonderful sharing my birthday with my babies this year . :) 
R.I.P. Dr. B 
Pink 
got her hair done today ! So nice to go sit in a salon and not have to do anything ! 
is getting ready for the big game .... GO SAINTS ! 
thinks it kinda sad/cute that her boys are scared of \Finding Nemo\ " ... only had it on for a minute before they were hiding behind the sofa ! My poor babies ! " 
Valentines Day - Change your profile picture to you and your spouse and make sure to post a comment for how long you've been together and where you first met ! Copy and Paste this to your profile ? ? ? 
thinks she gave birth to a monkey ... < PROPFIRST > climbs onto everything !! At the moment he is all about the kitchen table - not good . 
We have frogs in our yard ! They are so cute ... 
noticed a freckle on < PROPMALE>'s leg today ! I know only a mother can be excited about that ... and I totally am ! 
Good luck US hockey team !! 
Oh man ... overtime ! This is intense . 
Bummer 
just got pinned by her babies and slimed ! Just the beginning of having crazy , playful boys that will team up against their mommy ! 
is looking forward to a grown up evening with friends ! 
dislikes head-butting ! If I make it through the toddler years with all my teeth intact I will be so happy ! 
Okay so I am trying to lose some weight and need some accountability ! I am going to start weighing myself once per week and then I am going to post my weight loss or gain for everyone to see . Every wednesday , from this point on , will be my weigh day ! Wish me luck everybody ! 
Ok its wednesday , my weigh day ! I lost 4 pounds ! Its a great jumpstart and I will weigh again next wednesday . 
Made < PROPFEMALE > stew & St Patricks Day cupcakes for my family . Yummy ! 
is excited for the zoo tomorrow ! 
Its wednesday , which means I have to weigh myself . I lost one pound . Not great , but in the right direction ! 
lost 2 pounds this week ! Total weight loss : 7 pounds . 
Really looking forward to watching the Mariners this season - they have a very promising line-up ! 
It is my weigh day once again and I lost 4 pounds this week ( despite all the Easter < PROPFEMALE > ) , so that makes a total weight loss of 11 pounds ! 
is SO excited about my weekend away ! Stay in Anacortes for one night , take the ferry to Orcas Island and hike on Mt . Constitution ! 2 weeks away ! 
It is weigh day once again and I lost . 5 this week . Hmmm ... maybe dark chocolate raisinets need to stay at the store ! 
Chinese restaurant tonight with family and Mariners game saturday with friends ! Fun weekend ahead ! Then next weekend its off to the San Juans ! 
Where has moo < PROPFEMALE > chicken been all my life ??? 
Today we went to the Mariners game , Seattle's International District and then Pies & Pints . Awesome day ! 
Its my weigh day and I just maintained this week , but it could be worse since I haven't worked out in three days . 
is getting ready for a weekend away ! Excited and nervous about my first night away from the boys ... 
Its weigh day ! I have gained 1 1/2 pounds , but it was so worth it ! Had a great weekend with lots of good food , I have had my fun and now its time to get back on track . Total weigh loss : 10 pounds ! 
Went to Sounders game last night and although the outcome was disappointing ( Refs were horrible ! ) , it was super fun and we will be going again ! 
Down a pound this week , which is okay ... Haven't worked out all week and trying to get motivated again ! Total weight loss : 11 pounds . 
Aquarium with my family tomorrow ! Yay for Mother's Day and getting to do whatever I want ! 
Date night w/ my handsome hubby tonight ! 
Anyone wishing they had a kitten or two ??? < PROPFIRST > has a < PROPMALE > at work that just rescued a mother and 5 three week old kittens from living out of a car . He cannot keep them all and really wants to find homes for them , so let me know if you are interested or have any ideas for him PLEASE ! 
Mastering \Fox in Socks\ " and feeling quite accomplished ! " 
is mastering \Fox in Socks\ " and feeling quite accomplished :) " 
Welcome home < PROPFIRST > !!!! < PROPFIRST > , I am so excited for you ! 
Gaining a brother-in-law today :) 
Getting my hair done today ! 
Going on a road trip to CA in 6 days ! I am so excited ! 
I love Netflix ! 
Getting ready to go backpacking this weekend with a bunch of boys ! 
Had a great weekend with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! Thanks guys !! 
My cousin had her baby last night !!! Welcome to the world < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love singing my boys to sleep :) 
Dear Rain , I missed you ! 
Least favorite thing about the approaching season ... THE SPIDERS ! They are already showing their ugly faces ! 
I think one of my boys just realized that our cat cannot read to him . :) 
I am so glad I don't have to get into the < PROPFIRST > the Train obsession ... my boys are terrified of him ! 
Yes to Carrots lip tint is my new favorite thing ! 
Cannot wait for Beauty & the Beast to come out on DVD ! I am definitely getting the blu < PROPFIRST > combo pack ... 
Trying to catch a frog that got into my house before my cat gets it . Wish me luck ! 
We have officially had our first < PROPFEMALE > sting . Poor < PROPFIRST > drove his car over a wasp and was stung on his finger . That was 2 hours ago and he is still upset . :( 
Waiting for my nephew's arrival :) So happy he is finally coming home after almost 3 months ! He is such an amazing baby boy . 
Fun day ahead ! Picnic and frisbee golf followed by a cross-country meet , starring my amazing brother :) 
I had a horrible night with a sick child and now its time for some apple spice tea to boost my spirits :) 
I LOVE today's Google intro , or whatever it's called . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Lennon ! 
I cannot leave < PROPFIRST > naked for one minute ( literally one minute or less ) without him peeing on something ! Ugh ! 
I ? Pandora 
My boys will be 2 on Sunday ! They just got haircuts that make them look older and so handsome and they now wear a size 8 1/2 shoe ! Oh boy , I am feeling slightly nostalgic tonight . 
Thank you so much to everyone who sent me birthday wishes . I sincerely love you all . ??? 
VOTE ! VOTE ! VOTE ! 
Have to take my < PROPFEMALE > to the vet :( I really hope he is ok . 
Getting ready to leave for Pasco for the XC State Championship to support my brother ! 
Veteran :\ 
Someone who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to\ 
the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their \ 
life . That is beyond honor . And there are way too many people in this \ 
country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your \ 
status if you .. Are a Veteran , Know a Veteran , Love a Veteran or Support\ 
the Troops . ~ Veterans Day , Thursday , 11/11 
Taking the boys to Orcas Island , easily one of my favorite spots , tomorrow and this will be their first ferry ride ! Very excited :) 
I am now officially super blonde ! 
The wind storm last night knocked our fence down ! Not a great thing to wake up to . 
Had our boys ' 2 year check up today and they are in the 98th percentile for height ! They are going to be such handsome tall men someday :) 
Very excited for this weekend ! < PROPMALE > Potter with my hubby on Friday , then its off to Oregon for Borderclash ! 
Going to see the Nutcracker Ballet tonight with the hubby ! Soooooo excited ! 
Going to get all dressed up to see < PROPFEMALE > of Green Gables at the theater tonight . Very much looking forward to it . :) 
Nice thing about a drive-thru Starbucks is getting my coffee while the boys are in the car . Bad thing about a drive-thru Starbucks is realizing it was not made with soymilk when I am < PROPMALE > away . Ugh ... 
My cat is trying to kill the raindrops as they hit the window :P 
Ok , so my already destructive boys are feeling extra destructive today . I am going to need extra < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I am super proud of how well my boys behaved while at the clinic today . Kind of amazing , really . 
