just got done cooking for the night ! i still have to make like 2 more things after i wake up tho haha . happy thanksgiving everyone ! 

ate < PROPFEMALE > much today :D gotta work it off tomarrow 
\sometimes you just feel tired . you feel weak . and when you feel weak you feel like you wanna just give up . but you got to search within you . you gotta find dat inner strength and just pull dat shit outta you and get that motivation to not give up and not be a quitter no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on ya face\ " -till i collapse-eminem " 
president obama just sent 30,000 more troops to afghanistan . hope and change ? hah , my ass . 
' cause nobody wants to do it on their own , and everyone wants to know theyre not alone .. theres somebody else that feels the same somewhere .. theres gotta be somebody for me out there .. 
i tried so hard and got so far , and in the end its going to fucking matter . 
Magikarp , use Splash ! 
fear interwoven with intrigue is such an odd , yet invigorating sensation .. 
i just baked suuuuuch a delicious spice cake .. i never cease to amaze myself :) 
fun night of making tamales and < PROPFEMALE > shots ! this is some weak ass < PROPFEMALE > tho ... 
trying to be optimistic ... 
life is not a game , but a series of games . revel in your victories as well as your defeats , for if you learn from each defeat , and correct the problems within them , future victories will be assured . - < PROPFIRST > Loeffler 
I am categorically certain that it is unequivocally incontrovertible that I recurrently employ gargantuan and multifarious terminology throughout the progression of otherwise ingenuous assertions with the intention of facilitating the manifestation of the opinion that I am of extraordinary and preeminent acumen . 
omg .. i might have to delete my entire hard drive to fix my computer :'( 
ugh today was supposed to be an off day but i sooooo need to work off some stress ! going to lifetime . ( 210)542-6971 if any1 wants to join me .. doing legs/back/biceps .. 
Fear exists for reasons of self preservation Fear exists to be a salvation But sometimes fear keeps you from too much Sometimes fear acts as a needless crutch So cast your fears to the wind , and do not fret Conquering your fears is something you won’t regret - < PROPFIRST > Loeffler 
Mass Effect 2 midnight release ! hellllll yeah :D 
yaaayy ! i got my car back !! 
so .. much .. homework ... and its only monday .. ugh . 
i just realized that the only thing ive learned in pre-cal this year is that i know absolutely nothing about pre-cal 
sigh .. its just been one of those days .. 
sweet . i got 15 points deducted from my OER grade because my vocabulary was too advanced . thanks ms butler . 
its snowing at my house :] 
im going to fill my essay with \big words\ " just to piss ms butler off >:] " 
ugh .. thats the last time im working out this late .. couldnt get pumped at alllll 
watching < PROPMALE > gump :] 
i loooove cloudy , < PROPFEMALE > days ! :) 
what hurts the most is being so close , and having so much to say , and watching you walk away .. and never knowin what could have been , and not seein that lovein you is what i was tryin to do 
people should NOT bring babies to movies .. 
FFXIII 
why must some people be so hostile ? 
so . i was standing outside my classroom today , and mr reichele ( speech teacher ) comes up to me , and asks me why i was standing outside .. i tell him i was about to go to the library w/ my project group .. then he hands me two sandwiches and walks off . seriously .. 100% true story . 
theres a place downtown where the freaks all come around . its a hole in the wall , its a dirty free for all 
\She's Out of My League\ " was such a good movie ! " 
damn i make good protein shakes 
half dayss !! 
someday , somehow , im gonna make it alright , but not right now .. 
its these long weekends that make me realize how much i want summer to come .. 
i give up . i make my car look all nice and shiny one day , and the next day its covered in yellow tree sperm again . i miss winter ... 
a good workout is usually enough to get me feeling better .. not today though .. sigh .. 
just took a long walk to clear my head .. its a really beautiful night :) 
Just saw Saliva and Puddle of Mudd ! Marijuana filled the air .. I enjoyed some $6 beers .. had to defend some girls from the drunk moshers .. Great night !! Oyster Bake 2010 
Just saw Saliva .. The smell of marijuana is everywhere , toilet paper rolls are flying thru the air and Im enjoying a $6 beer .. Lifes good ! Puddle of Mudd in 10 minutes !! Oyster Bake 2010 ! 
Welcome to Good Burger home of the good burger can I take ya ooorder ? 
every long lost dream led me to where you are .. others who broke my heart , they were like northern stars pointing me on my way into your loving arms .. this much i know is true .. 
It is 4:20 on 4/20 . One can only imagion how many bowls are being lit at this very moment .. hahah 
OMG .. you park on driveways .. but you drive on parkways ... mind = blown 
im just a liiitle bit sick and my mom wont let me go work out ... weak .. 
great workout .. great run afterwards .. im like frosted flakes .. im grrrrrrrreat ! haha ;) 
Watching \Into the Universe With < PROPFIRST > Hawking\ " .. this stuff is absolutely fascinating ! " 
Three Days Grace , Flyleaf and Five Finger Death Punch tonight !! Be there ! 
Only heard like 4 songs from Five Finger Death Punch , but Flyleaf was soooo good ( the singer was hot hahah ) Aaaand Three Days Grace was fucking amaaaazing !!! And the beers were like half as cheap as oyster bake .. and they had streight liquor !! And my voice is gone .. Greaaaattt night !!! :D 
A tree falls on < PROPFIRST > Beiber in the middle of the < PROPMALE > and no one is around to hear it . Does anyone give a shit ? 
shes nothing like a girl youve ever seen before , nothing you can compare to your neighborhood whore.im tryin to find the words to describe this girl without being disrespectful . the way that booty movin i cant take no more have to stop what im doin so i can pull her close.im tryin to find the words to describe this girl without being disrespectful . DAMN GIRL ! damn yooz a sexy bitch , a sexy bitch damn yooz a sexy bitch 
going to dinner w/ my mom for her birthday :) 
writing a pretty legit essay about why money isnt the root of all evil .. damn im a great writer :) 
hmmm i just realized something .. in US history , we have spent the\ 
entire year learning about black history on and off over many , many\ 
chapters . sometimes , we dedicate entire classes just to black history . today , we finally learned something about latino history . it\ 
lasted for about 2 pages in the book . and we discussed for all of 5 minutes . so weak .. 
nothing makes you feel like more of a loser than being the only fucking person at lifetime on a friday night .. aside from like two 50+ year old men .. god damnit .. 
super < PROPFIRST > galaxy 2 !! :] 
Once you go brown , I'll never let ya down . 
\Why did my penis cross the road ? To get to the other vagina . \ " - < PROPFIRST > LaJoie " 
got 2 henna tattoos today :] 
KoRn tonight ! 
Was in the verrry front like the whooooole concert .. I'm gunna feel this tomarrow .... 
I wish I could just get away ... 
Thor has demonstrated his power . 
its like waking up from a horrible , horrible nightmare that has been going on since august ... oh how i love summer ! 
Why did I wait until now to take my SAT ? :[ 
If any1 wants to go to Lifetime , hit me up ! 210-542-6971 
Today , I found a lost dog , chased her around for like 30 minutes until i finally caught her , returned her to her owners , and diddnt even accept the $100 reward they wanted to give me . Good deed accomplished :) 
Goodbye Charger .. Helloooo Camaro ! 
got a such a good tan ;) 
Go see Toy Story 3 . Stop reading this and go see it ! 
Here to breed and fuck shit up . 
Auf gehts Deutschland ! 
This status update was made possible by the new iPhone4 ;) 
Summer goal achieved ! Decline bench 245lbs :] 
Awww Germany lost :( w/e its still has the 4th largest economy in the world , and Spain is like 9th .. 
Go Netherlands ! Beat the shit out of those Mexican wannabes ! 
eh this looked fun haha .. like this status ! like/dislike/first impression/confession :) 
craaaazzzyy night hahah .. 
goood day .. even better nightttt ;) 
phone is broken - if u need to talk to me do it thru facebook .. you would think they would fucking water proof iphones by now , but no .. grrr .. 
alright phone is replaced ! but i lost sooo many < PROPFIRST > .. ( 210)542-6971 - hit it up ! 
holy shit i just found $105 in my pocket ! this is the start of a wonderful day :] 
Scorpions tonight :) 
learned a few VERY valuable lessons tonight .. and broke a personal record .. 20 ;) 
another night , another crazy ass story hahah .. 
people overreact waaaay too much when cops show up at parties .. 
If we light this fire , you and I will burn this world to ash . 
today i learned i can drive my car < PROPMALE > . it was fast before , but now .. omg .. haha :D 
If You Really Knew Me is suuuuch a good show :) 
seriously considering getting a tattoo .. 
Poll for guys : Would you rather have\ 
a ) your dream job\ 
or\ 
b ) your dream girl 
\The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle\ 
beat a < PROPFIRST > Cobra ( looked like an ' 08 ) and a 2010 Dodge Challenger SRT8 tonight . good times :) 
officially less than one year until im done with high school ! 
watching Half Baked :) 
GTL : done .. now what ?? 
god damnit .. why can i never get munchies for healthy food ?? :[ 
\The best activities for your health are pumping and humping . \ " - < PROPMALE > Schwarzenegger " 
Rockstar Uproar Tour in Corpus today :) any1 else goin ? 
Suuuch a great concert :) 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
off to battle ;) haha 
Gym then Cowboys . Sleep is for the weak ! 
Well .. fuck . I hate when you know something shouldn't get you down , but it still does . Time to work out to get my mind off things .. for the fourth time today .. damn I'm going to be sore tomarrow . 
PROTEIN 
i put my hand up on your hip , when i dip , you dip , we dip . you put your hand up on my hip , when you dip , i dip , we dip ... 90's haha ;) 
best South Park ever ! 
sex robots and a wolf pack \targeting < PROPFEMALE > tomarrow\ " .. interesting day :) " 
Cowboys tonight , room in my car for 1 more ! ( 210)542-6971 
Sometimes you just need to accept things for what they are , and move on .. no matter how difficult it may be . 
I went out for a jog and this random dog followed me for like 45 minutes .. Then the owners drove by and reclaimed him . I gotta say , that dog was chill as shit . 
2 hours of straight biceps , triceps and abs .. Damn I feel good ! :) 
Does anyone else love how early it gets dark now ? :) 
To all veterans and future veterns , thank you for sacrificing so much for your country , and all her citizens . RIP grandpa .. Thank you for your service in the U.S. Air Force . I really wish I could have met you .. 
God damn .. This new supplement tastes sooo bad ! But I told myself I'd give it 2 weeks .. :[ 
I'm old enough to vote , drive , smoke cigarettes and give my life for my country .. But I am apparently not old enough to go into a library without a pass . Fuck high school . 
\Dude .. Are you high ? \ " - Mr. < PROPMALE > " 
My car just made me very proud :) 
Just got wisdom teeth taken out .. Ouch :( 
Dear NEISD , fuck you for making me and thousands of other students go to school in this cold ass weather . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Another jaded senior 
what a wonderful day for it to snow :) 
Got my car back !! Oh how I missed her :) 
amazing valentines day with my amazing girlfriend :) 
God damn .. I need a vacation . Spring break cannot come fast enough ! 
Pretty sure I lost my workout gloves ... Damnit !! 
Not gonna lie , the new Pokemon game is pretty damn good .. No homo . 
Clearly , the whales were pissed at the Japanese for their consistent whaling . So , earlier today , the whales of the ocean all headbutted Japan at the same time . This caused an 8.9 earthquake . The tsunami ensued . Mystery Solved ! 
It's St. < PROPFIRST > Day ! Which is like the 420 of alcohol . Use a condom , don't drink and drive , and have a fun night everyone ;) 
