Happy new years 

just finished my chores , thank God . 
pool party at my house !!!! yay 
what to do ? 
Always be a first-rate version of yourself , instead of a second-rate version of somebody else . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
“Tell me I'm clever , Tell me I'm kind , Tell me I'm talented , Tell me I'm cute , Tell me I'm sensitive , Graceful and wise , Tell me I'm perfect -- But tell me the truth . ” 
about to go party with my team elite family , i love you guys with all my heart , you guys tuaght me te meaning of family . 
The family . We were a strange little band of characters trudging through life sharing diseases and toothpaste , coveting one another's desserts , hiding shampoo , borrowing money , locking each other out of our rooms , inflicting pain and kissing to heal it in the same instant , loving , laughing , defending , and trying to figure out the common thread that bound us all together . ~ Erma Bombeck 
just got back from new york and on my way to corpus for camp 
help ?! 
I look up to you in every way\ 
' cause I learn something from you every day\ 
You're an angel from God up above\ 
and I'm thankful for your understanding love\ 
because when you're around everything seems right\ 
and for you , until the end , I will fight . \ 
Thanks for being the friend you are\ 
you're my best friend , an angel by far\ 
and whenever it seems like I'm never there\ 
remember this : I love you and I'll always care ! 
getting out of work , ready to relax for a while , then babysitting my babies tonight . 
here talking with my sis .... shes being funny !!!!! :P 
ima go nuts 
im home now and my moms mad for reasons unknown , somtimes i think thats all she knows how to do , is be mad and tell me what a bad job i do ..... 
ugh work ..... cant wiat to get my truck it will make it all worth it !!!! 
watching swat ..... lovin it . 
work all day ...... SLEEP all night ... sounds good to me !!!!!! 
work work wrok ugh ... cant wait to do somthing fun !!!!!!!!!!!!! if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out plz plz plz coment !!!!!!! 
just got out of work ... SOOOO tired , ive been on my feet for eight hours ALL week . ugh ... when i get paid im investing in dr. sholl's gell thingies ..... 
had a great weekend with < PROPFEMALE > 
ugh .... work .... here comes another week . 
just got out of work , ugh .... but dont want to go home .... 
Here waiting to watch eclipse ... I'm super excited :) 
i hate this ... im at work all the time and i get home and dont do anything because its tol late to do anything ... so much for a great sunmer 
here at my dads ... yay .... 
im with my crazy family .... Do not disturb I’m disturbed enough already ..... 
work 
here at my dads 
out of work , thank goodness ! i wish i could have some fun , but im too tired to even walk 
ugh work tommorrow , unless my fav sis comes over(ani plz come over ) 
im super happy i get to spend another day with my demented family , i love you guys !!!!!! 
ugh , i really really really like him !!!!!!!! <3 
i dont understand !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
you know what , ive tried really hard to get our freindship back ; but if you want to be like that then fine , but answer one qestion : what the hell did i do ?!?!?!?!?! 
going back home 
i need time to think about what i want out of this year and whos gonna be in my life from now on , im gonna do whats best for me and not care what ppl think because its time to do what i want to do ..... 
cant wait for this weekend maybe somthig interesting will happen .... O.o 
i watch the clock - ticking out its time . I hear the gears - tocking till the chime I hold my stare acutelyAnd focus ears astutely . -Mark R Slaughter 
call me crazy but i miss school 
i cant wait till my twisted sister comes over so we can do our thing XD 
Today is my baby < PROPFIRST > birthday ! XD i cant belive hes 3yrs old already ! 
no !!!!!!!!!!!! ete huvos .... noooooooooooo ........ 
here with my twisted sister watching the kardashians . 
ima dye my hair xD 
so much for promises :-| 
i dont know whats missing ! 
one more day till payday ! xD woohoo ! 
same shit diffrent day :( 
fieldtrip with my kids ! How fun ! help ? :-O 
just got paid wohoo ! :-D 
work work work ugh ! 
Build . A . Bear Work shop ... Were best friend are made ..... really ? a struffed animal ? 
worse day ever 
hi 
over the brige and threw the woods to grandmas house i go 
how long is this gonna last ?!?!?!?!?! i really miss you ..... i just dont understand . 
got bit by like a million misqitos 
like my status and ill change my last name 
A lovely < PROPFEMALE > with petals soft\ 
A scent so sweet and light\ 
So beautiful a flower\ 
About the fragrant < PROPFEMALE > -\ 
The thorns , so sharp upon the stem , \ 
That sharpen as it grows . \ 
Yet still lovely is the flower\ 
Despite the thorns that prick\ 
Just as life and love are sweet\ 
They too have thorns that stick . \ 
But do not fear to live or love , \ 
Life's not exempt from pain -\ 
So pick a < PROPFEMALE > , you may get hurt , \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > 
I love roses . The problem is , they have thorns . 
oing to have sushi with grams , lexi and melina , then , were gonna go see a movie 
going home tomorrow 
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss 
super duper excited ! Im gonna get to see reachie in the morning ! 
I is the awesomes !! -Rachie 
im never gonna leave , they're gonna have to kill me to get rid of me ........ 
just finished watching the runaways 
watching wow wow wubzy with my jl . .. Im so tired had a long day at work 
goodmorning ! Im on my way to san < PROPFIRST > with my mom and kid brothers ! :-D 
sleep o . 0 i need sleep ! 
im falling in love with love 
\impossible things are happening everyday ! \"" 
hello world ! 
on my way to the casa de locos aka my daddys house lol 
blah 
i have :\ 
math models\ 
phys I\ 
ffa\ 
college readiness\ 
advance health\ 
ap us hist\ 
eng III \ 
alg II 
here at el casa de locos aka dads house chillen 
im going to get back to church this is it im done with this life that im living , im ready for a change ! 
ugh my door just fell down ... thats sad . 
my bad for beliving you when you said things were gonna change ! 
just finish watching fantastic4 , now im watching ghost rider and later ill watch xmen2 ... so far awsome day ! 
jammin 
i really hate it here ! i cant wait till i graduate so i can get as far away as i can ! 
tired 
really excited for school 
i cant sleep ! Ugh ! 
all ready for school XD 
saw him today ... i wish things were better between us . 
day two of school lets see how it goes 
night night ! 
im nervouse to see what today brings 
finally put up my posters . YES ! now i have < PROPFIRST > laughtner everywere . 
you pass me by and pretend like nothing ever happend . news flash somthing did happen . get use to.be a man and own how you feel ! 
rodeo today ... yeehaa ! 
ready for scholl tomorrow ! ugh ... im such a nerd 
today was a great day ... i wonder why ? Lol ... 
gonna get my lamb tommorow ... yay ! 
got my lamb ... his name is lamb chops 
babysitting yet again ! and then she says she never gose out ! 
i knew today was to good to be true ! 
ugh ... i totally look fat ! 
today should be a wonderful day :D 
i really didnt need this now . 
love sucks 
ugh ... im sick ! 
why are you being such a jerk ? 
sleepy 
jammin to lil wayne ... as i clean the black hole known as my room ... :-P 
i got my truck today finally ! 
ugh ! Picture day what do i wear ? 
i love my truck ! 
here at connies with maria :-D 
miss you tonz <3 
here with my lil sis ani :-D 
go cowboys ! 
had fun with my girls last night . 
it's like you can't stand to see me happy , because me being happy means i'm over you .... </3 
valadation tommorrow . gotta give my lamb a bath today ugh ! 
just got back from horse back riding with my girls all day . Im gonna be sore tommorrow :-( but its all worth it ;-) 
wow wow wubbzy ! 
why do parents ask you to talk to them and then get mad and say your talking back just because they dont like what you said then they get mad when you say ok or fine . Ugh ! So stupid ! 
looks like ive been replaced but its okay because one day youll miss me ! 
tired of all this crap in my life . wish i could takd a break from my life . 
whats it gonna take for you to relize how much i care ? i guess thats the problem , i care to nuch ... </3 
connie : omg a batman mask . i love batman ! me : thats not a batman mask.it has the wrong colors . Maria : yes it is ! mexicans always put the wrong colors .... 
i love my crazy , wild , bee-utiful girls ! <3<3<3<3 
i miss you very much <3 
i wish i couldve stayed in your arms for forever . your eyes meeting mine , making me feel like a was the only girl in the world ... <3 i really really miss you ! 
im gonna go shopping by myself . i need time for me ... 
here with < PROPFEMALE > trying to do this stupid project !!!!!!! 
i love talking to him ! he makes me feel like im flying on clound 9 <3 
just finished filming the project with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
i love my baby j . he is the only boy my heart belongs to <3 
here at my daddy house chillen like a villen ..... 
begginnings are scary . Endings are sad , but its the middle that counts the most . 
going out with two of my girls . 
omg last night was so much fun ! 
im going to take my babie jj trick or treating ... 
im gonna start not giving a crap what people think about me , i live for me not them ! 
just know where ever you are i pray for you ... 
got my nose pirced , next my tatto ! 
i know you dont care what i feel inside this lil heart of mine but just to be < PROPFIRST > just to be clear i wish you were mine to hold dear 
goooo mighty longhorns , show them lil pups what were made of ! united all the way baby ! 
here at casa de locos .... having family night with daddy :D 
i cant sleep ! 
i knew it was to good to be true ! 
wish i wasnt alone again .... 
i cant i cant i just cant anymore ! no < PROPFEMALE > no ! 
i use to think about you all the time but now i dont .... i think im finally over you ... 
why not me ? 
im sleepy 
my head is killing me ! 
5 days till my bday ! 
just finished getting my nails done :-D 
im going to bed since i got nothing better to do ... 
im so tired of this shit !!!!!!!!! 
i missed 11:11 by one minute last night ;\ 
i guess thats fates way of telling me that\ 
you're just not worth wishing for anymore . <3 
happy thanksgiving everyone .... hope your day is filled with laughter and that you get stuffed with turkey lol .... 
so much for a great birthday i didnt even get a birthday cake :( 
“Yes I love him . I love him more than anything else in this world and there is nothing that I would like better than to hold on to him forever . But I know it's not for the best . So no matter how much my heart is going to break , I've got to let him go so he can know just how much I love him . Maybe if I'm lucky , he'll come back , but if not , I can make it through this . ” 
this is so sad ... im here all alone on my birthday ... suckiest bday ever ... :( 
I want you to take over control Take over control Take take take take over control Oh oh oh , I want you to take over control Plug it in and turn me on ..... <3 
Had an amazing time yesterday 
squidward 
you dont escape my mind for long just wish it was the same for my arms ... </3 
i feel sicky 
deck the halls with bounds of < PROPFEMALE > falala la la la ... 
i cant trust anybody in this world ! 
love and basketball 
You can be the vodka and I can be the chaser <3 
i love being with my jj 
i can be the paper and u can be the heart i spill on it . 
i love < PROPFIRST > travolta as a cowboy ... ummm so sexy ! 
i love me some hot cowboys ! 
omg moment 
i miss u already ... 
worst day ever !!!! 
i just want to party 
if i have so many friends why do i feel so alone . 
< PROPFEMALE > light < PROPFEMALE > bright far < PROPFEMALE > i see tonight i wish i may i wish i might have this wish i wish tonight 
going to a concert with my sister . 
had a blast at cuadro's with my sister < PROPFEMALE > aryana rios and her friends :D 
luner eclipse 
must be doing something right <3 
wow nobody cares about me ? 
urg ... i cant stop watching criminal mind . its so awsome ! 
late christmas shopping but i got everything i need . woohoo . 
hope everyone is having a < PROPFEMALE > christmas .... 
watching the old < PROPFIRST > booth sing and tell movies . i love santas coming to town ! 
going to thn mall with my grandma and then going horseback riding . loveing it ! 
i so miss everyone from school .... especially my girls ! <3<3<3<3 
A < PROPFEMALE > is not a < PROPFEMALE > \ 
until someone rings it , \ 
a song is not a song\ 
until someone sings it . \ 
\ 
Love wasn't put\ 
in the heart to stay , \ 
for love isn't love\ 
' til you give it away . 
im the type of girl that can be so hurt but can still look at you and smile . the type of girl who is willing to brighten your day even if i cant brighten my own . 
i cant find anything to wear for new years < PROPFEMALE > urgh .... 
this shit is sooo fucking stupid .... 
Love can sometimes be magic . But magic can sometimes just be an illusion . 
so bored 
i really like him 
oh boys 
so sleepy 
i shouldve gone to bed early . 
staring down the barrowl of a 45 
stupid ap us history already has me up till 1:00 am ... and its only the 2nd day back .. plus im still not done !!! urg ... im sleepy ! :-O 
ITS FRIDAY !!!! THANK GOODNESS . 
mimis time 
the one day i dont have to babysitt and i dont have any plans ! 
babysitthng after all 
i love the sound of rain 
was at the ranch all day . 
why dose it seem like im always left out of the loop ? 
what in the world is happening ... iv liked guys all since i can remember and known and theyve never liked me back that ive decided i want nothing to do with them they like me back . 
guess ill be left out again ... 
i want to be with you ... the qestion is do you wanna be with me ? 
i smell like horse ... 
stupid ap history ! cornell notes suck ! 
i freaking hate < PROPMALE > notes ! ive been up almost all night and they never end screw it im going to bed . 
only you can make me feel this way <3 
<3 
eduardo's!yummmy! 
everytime i see you a pice of me dies inside knowing what couldve been ... </3 
I hate that I love you 
I wish I hadn't fallen for you so bad , but I did </3 
Im just a little bit caught in the middle life is a maze and love is a riddle i dont know where to go cant do it alone ive tried and i dont know why ... 
I give up </3 
take my heart of my chest cuz i dont need it anymore take my head out of the game cuz i dont need it anymore 
There's nothing else to lose \ 
There's nothing else to find \ 
There's nothing in the world \ 
That can change my mind \ 
There is nothing else 
between laughing for no reason , stupid arguments , \ 
long talks and making fun of each other .... \ 
<3 i fell in love with you <3 
God dammit what the fuck do i have to do its already fucking hard without this bull shit . i have to prove myself to her and now you . why cant you understand that im on a short leesh . were are yall when i need you ? 
Hope its done with .. cuz the last thing i want is to lose yall . 
Wooohoo !!! lets go green bay ! packers all the way baby ! 
Nooo stupid steelers !! come on packers lets get a move on ! 
Wooohoo ! My packers wont the super bowl ! 
Im here hiddin behind my book waiting for you to rip it out of my hands and demand my attention 
It sucks when the guy you like is in love with someone els yet still wants to be friends and expects you to hear him talk about that person knowing how you feel about them . Damb I sound like a stupid < PROPFIRST > swift song ! 
I wish that i could fit in but i dont . i dont know the name of all the cool bands are and i dont know what the hippest trend is but what i do know is that if you could get to know me id be your bestes friend 
Ok so im nervous for uil tommorrow .... 
So nervous ... 
I give up </3 
So bored 
