is in \A\ " school to become an intelligence specialist in the United States Navy . " 

finally phased up to phase 2 < PROPFEMALE > . phase 3 here i come . 
is on duty today and cant leave the barracks . 
is always ready for war ! locked and loaded , locked and loaded we've done this before ! 
has to stand watch today . 
not much to do today , i guess i'll go for a run and lay around all day . 
my Gamertag is SniffyClock if anyone wants to play codmw2 send me a message over xbox live . 
ok , i fixed the problem that was preventing people from being able to post on my wall 
currently has the equivelant of 75,000,000 vietnamese < PROPFIRST > in the bank . 
helped out at the shamrock marathon 
is shocked by how many girls from HS are currently pregnant . 
some chick had her period all over my leg at peabody's! 
at the beach 
is now 20 years old 
is bored 
is in a really good mood . 
is down to 199 lbs . 9 lbs away from losing a total of 150 lbs . 
wow , what a wonderful day , i spent 15 hours at school preparing to brief a lieutenant , a Master chief and 2 IS1's . fuck my life . 
is ready to graduate 
is volunteering in the special olympics tomorrow . 
got burned as fuck while working at the special olympics 
takes his final today . 
got a 92 on my final , so yea i am done with A school . 
is on hold with Brown , someone shoot me . 
i wonder if CS3 knows everyone hates him ? 
i got electrocuted today ... 
i got electrocuted today ... tingly . 
is off for the day . N6 is awesome ... except for Brown ... who is a douche . 
is really bored ... 
just ran 6 < PROPMALE > . 
So if anyone was curious how many pounds you sweat off on a 10 mile run ... 4.6 lbs . 
8 mile beach run in the rain ... HOOYAH !!! 
i need advice , shave my chest or leave the soul patch ? 
If someone told me 5 years ago to imagine where i'd be in 5 years , that fantasy would be nothing in comparison with my present reality . 
So ... i have finally done it . i have now lost 150lbs . How will i celebrate this monumental task you may ask , i'll probably have a salad and go for a run on the beach . :) 
Im gonna volunteer to PT with kids from an elementary school . should be interesting . 
Got double teamed by an English Mastiff and a Pitbull at the beach . Im running along and all of a sudden this massive dog/miniature Horse just takes me out and then they both started licking and smelling me . 
Im done with being stuck in the barracks , before this weekend is through i WILL buy a car . 
im stuck in my room with nothing to do , someone text me . 
OMG ! it is 4 O clock and my roommate got out of bed ! im guessing though that hes gonna eat and then go back to sleep . 
waking up at 3 am tomorrow . sleep is for the weak ... like DeMattia . lol 
Its 0320 in the morning and the Navy is accelerating my life ... btw props to DeMattia for staying awake for a little over 6 hours yesterday . a truly impressive accomplishment coincidering the horse tranquilizers ... 
reminiscing about the good ole days sitting around at Jakes getting so drunk that i was physically incapable of getting out of a chair . 
so apparently according to < PROPMALE > were going to a gay club for Kings birthday ... this is going to be interesting to say the least . 
theres only one word to describe how i currently feel about N6 ... FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!! 
is the proud new owner of an ' 05 Ford Escape . No more being stranded on the weekends . 
UFC 116 ! Cant wait for Lesnar to get his ass beat . 
WOW , how generous of NMITC to have installed a Sauna in our laundry room ! Now when I sweat my balls off doing laundry , its ok Im already in the laundry room and i can just wash my uniform right there ! 
just saw the coolest commercial on tv , a guy had a pet giraffe that was the size of a little dog . someday I hope science brings us genetically modifed < PROPFEMALE > animals . I want a Rhino thats the size of a yorkie . 
ugh ! lots of watermelon+cake = stomache ache . 
finally friday ... 
I had to do it ... let the comments come . 
My new running shoes are bad ass . a 3 mile run in sketchers Resistance Runners feels like 8 . BUNS OF STEEL HERE I COME !!! lol 
is now in C school ... My head hurts . TOO MUCH INFORMATION . 
TODAY , ON THE SMOKEDECK 5 O CLOCK THE 1 GALLON CHOCO CHUG IS GOING DOWN . ALL ARE INVITED TO COME TRY NOT TO VOMIT . BRING YOUR CAMERAS . 
such a boring night ... 
the pic is what im getting on my back in 13 days ! 
\ Oh hey ! I'm gonna sting you all with my stinger . Oh noooooo . \"" 
\A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life . \ " \ 
I'll research that and get back to you . 
looking forward to 15 hours of studying things i already know in my free time . 
Strike-Behaviour modification through the precise use of high explosives . :) 
i got my tattoo ! will post pictures later . 
Heres my tattoo , tell me what ya think ! 
\what makes a man 
My back is so fucking itchy ... 
The profile picture is my next tattoo that I am getting in 1 week . Im getting it on my ribs/side . Tell me what ya think . 
ok , we have to settle this with a vote . The pic is my next Tattoo . < PROPMALE > says its gay as fuck , I think Its bad ass . Comment your opinions . 
wow , looks like Ozy wins this one ... but im still getting it . 
The Jellfyfish is NOT done yet ... but this is what it looks like after 5 hours of work . 
\I want you to start living as a gay woman\ " \ 
Man vs . Food \180 pounds of mouthwatering meat\ " \ 
my jellyfish is DONE ! and it fucking hurts ... its absolutely amazing though . 
Here's my Jellyfish ... and my nipple . 
just saw on yahoo ... theres an international clown convention ... HOW COULD WE ALLOW THIS TO HAPPEN ?!?! 
wait , make that ISSN Carrels . 
spending the night in Nashville and then im off to Amarillo Texas . 
Arkansas , you suck . 
has driven 1200 < PROPMALE > in 24 hours . 
Almost in Texas . 
what happened to semi drivers being big hairy fat guys ? i have seen a rastafarian , an Indian in a turban , a douchebag wearing a snuggie and a woman that looked like an illegal housekeeper . 
... 
< PROPFEMALE > is not so bad ... 
im so bored stabbing nyself in the eye with a soldering iron sounds like fun . 
putting in leave for christmas . im coming home bitches ! 
0815-1030-workout 1045-1245-guitar practice 1330-2200-work 220 0-0 0(balls)-free time ! 
my socks smell disgusting . 
tomorrow im coming home for the first time in 2 YEARS ... fuck yes . 
im back bitches . 
im feeeling pretty frigim good rigjt now 
i might ne just a liitttle frunk rigght now but only a litttle bit . 
frankly i wanna fuck 
my gut ... 
got a little captain in you ? i do . 
A wise man once said \bitches aint nothin but tricks and hoes\ " \ 
i think my arm is gonna fall off ... 
tired , sick , sore and hungover . 
wow , im about to fly out of Minneapolis and my pilot looks like < PROPMALE > hefner and the co-pilot is a hot ass blonde girl . 
i hope the TSP returns calculator is right ... cause if it is i will make 12 million dollars before i retire lol 
\a < PROPFEMALE > with a flaw is better than a pebble without one\ " \ 
I discovered the hard way that chewing too much juicy fruit gum makes it look like you smoke crack rocks . 
my next tattoo ... sisyphus from greek mythology . ( look it up ) 
Just found out today im gonna be on the USS Eisenhower . 
i actually get lunch breaks again . :) 
Fear is the main source of superstition , and one of the main sources of cruelty . To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom . \ 
-Bertrand < PROPFIRST > 
i almost died tonight . i hit a semi tire at 75 mph ... through some miracle there is not a scratch on my car . 
\All the places I've been and things I've seen\ 
I hurt myself today \ 
To see if I still feel \ 
I focus on the pain \ 
The only thing that's real \ 
The needle tears a hole \ 
The old familiar sting \ 
Try to kill it all away \ 
But I remember , everything \ 
\ 
What have I become \ 
My sweetest friend \ 
Everyone I know , \ 
goes away \ 
In the end 
Im feelin down so Im gonna chug some supplements and workout until Im numb . that will cheer me up . 
just cooked breakfast for dinner . It was awesome ... and yes , I can cook . 
funny how putting my relationship status as single resulted in 5 billion dating ads . I bet if I put it married they'd advertise divorce attorneys . 
you stay sexy < PROPFEMALE > . 
I really wish I could sleep . Damn Pre-workout and evening PT ! 
In 30 minutes i'll have a needle in my gums injecting me with novacaine . damn you wisdom teeth ! Hello 5 day weekend . :) 
I urinated on a live black bear . I streaked a house party , ran from a cop and got away . i've whitewater rafted , I've won tons of archery tournaments and i used to bowfish from my kayak . Whose the most interesting man in the world now bitch ? \ 
Stay thirsty my friends . 
so in my 5 day weekend i accomplished 1 thing ... i grew a beard . 
so i see people with repost statuses all the time so im starting one . If you read this , you have herpies . repost it and share the \love \"." 
im fairly certain im gonna be limping tomorrow . turns out sparring against an MMA fighter results in a lot of leg kicks . 
This day could not be better . 
Yay , fractured foot . good times . 
\If I wasn't here tomorrow \ 
Quote of the Day- \You're the retarded offspring of five monkeys having butt sex with a fish-squirrel ! Congratulations ! \"" 
Im seriously thinking about selling my escape and buying a BMW 525i . Any thoughts people ? 
Isnt it great getting what you really want ? and im not talking about a girl , cars , or video games ... im talking about < PROPFEMALE > bbq buffalo wings . like an orgasm in your mouth but substantially messier ! 
im laying in bed staring at my ceiling wondering how things could be worse . I think < PROPFEMALE > is actually the innermost circle of hell . 
as it turns out ... axe body wash CAN in fact be used to create an improvised bubble bath ... 
sparred again tonight , caught < PROPFIRST>'s roundhouse only to be immediately punched in the nose . A little blood loss builds character ! 
I cant help but wonder when things will get better . Or if they ever will for that matter . 
another epic quote courtesy of the internet- \When I wear long sleeve shirts I smell the left sleeve . I think it smells good . The right sleeve doesn't smell good even if they smell the same ... god damn that right sleeve . \"" 
Great , now i have 2 fingers that are bent outta shape . Im sorry pinky finger :( 
\When work feels overwhelming 
I really dont think today could've been better . 
I enjoy the fact that fighting the heavy bag < PROPFIRST > blood on me in 3 separate places . Just cause you can hit hard , doesn't mean your skin can take it ! 
Im finally gonna sight in my bow :) 
I bought an AR-15 . <3 
< PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . I used to laugh when people smacked their legs on my ridiculously long trailer hitch ... lets just say i was in a hurry and my leg is bleeding . 
