today was sooooo soooo sooooooooooo boring . I would rather be back on base in < PROPFEMALE > than relive today ... hopefully tonight is better . 

MyPay Sucks !!!! Someone who knows what that is help me ..... 
i wish i was a jedi knight . 
The honda ........ Is dead . 
weird how you can be soooo over everything . and one little thing can flood your head suddenly with hundreds of memories ... Its unavoidable i guess ..... :( 
all I want to do is go skate ...... But God has decided to water the earth ..... ALL DAY LONG ...... 
sometimes i just wish that i could forget ....... 
ugh taxes are LAME haha 
roses are red , sure ... and vilolets may in fact be blue . but seriously , when was the last time a cloud had a silver lining ????? 
ooooh shit 
deep breath , fresh start , God is good , And so is life . :) 
new direction , moveing forward ..... It feels good to let go of the past and be excited for the future 
oh !! Its just how you make me feel .... :) 
crush it !!! MOve Out !! Nationals here < PROPMALE > comes !!!! 
a night with you is something i simply love ..... :) 
whoot whoot !!! summers a comin boys !!!!!! 
hey < PROPMALE > ....... im sorry , and I was out of place last night . lets talk about this ..... 
sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet ! Get stoked . Connor is in town and Its Friday !!!! well almost . lol 
well thats fagtastic !!!! phones dead and i lost the charger ...... haha thats life !! 
\im gay ..... like for real\ " - < PROPFIRST > sharpe " 
it took a two hour walk home in the rain to realize that we will never be able to work ... im sorry . I just cant do this anymore .... 
Alesana , Alkaline Trio , Bring Me The Horizon , Emmure , MAyday Parade , Parkway Drive , Set Your Goals , Suicide Silence , The Cab , And WhiteChapel ........ Its safe to Say August 8th 2010 may possibly end up being the greatest moment in my life yet so far ....... 
thanks pops !!!!!! now i have nooooo idea what to do ... awesome . 
ummmmm clean shaven succcckkkkkkks i want my soul patch back 
Kick Ass the 2nd time ....? Oh YEEEhHH 
got a job ...? ;) 
soooo I got a job at coors teck ....... its pretty american . 
work ..... save ..... get own place with con-nasty .... then its B.N.E. every night foool 
wowowewa !!!! work was brutal today ..... on sunday our hours are getting bumped to 11 a day 5 days a week .... overtime = Money in the bank !!!!!!! 
machida got KNOCKED out !!!!!!!!! 
TECH N9NE is sooooo sick ...... Midwest Choppers blows my mind every time ...... I dare you to find anyone who can even touch him . 
hes mine ...... get used to it . 
haha .... connor is comin home fool . 
pretty much stoked for < PROPMALE > Hex !!!!! 
I Check it every week . Im super good actually , and Yes I am !! haha soon hopefully . Im just working trying to save up so we can move in somewhere lol ..... how are you ? how was your 1st year ?? 
drammmmma queeeen !!!! get over it cause i am . 
Im Coming HOME . and this doesnt mean what you think ..... at all . and Thats a GOOD thing . ;) 
i thought i was set , then tonight made me want more than i can probably ever have ..................... 
The new Attack ! Attack ! blows my mind ..... 
Ive seen a palace in London . Ive seen a castle in Wales . But id rather wake up beside you and breathe That old familiar smell .... I never thought you could leave me . I figured I was the one . But I understand your sadness so I guess I will just hold my tongue . Im comin home . I know that were taking chances . You told me life was a risk . I just have one last question , \Will It be my heart or will it be his ? \"" 
bored ... all my friendsd are either out of town ... or there phones are broke or they are working .... at least i have my guitar to keep me company lol 
tired and not stoked for work at all ....... 
Ive never been to Alaska , but i can tell you this ..... \ 
Ive been to Lincon Nebraska , and hell , you know it aint worth shit . 
Damn .... I didnt think id really end up doing this alone .... Wont bring me down . I Will NOT fail . 
s'n the days d .......... 
< PROPMALE > Is Gonna Get Knocked OUT !!!!!!!!!!!! RAMPAGE !! 
got a new car this morning !!!!! well ...... new to me at least lol 
gonna drive my new car to the skatepark and go look at appt's soon ~ !!!!! 
all i need is a beautiful and kind hearted girl who lives and breathes skatepark and I will never need another thing in the whole world . 
oh my bed sound soooo appealing right now !!!! 
50 ours a week leaves little time for anything but eat sleep work repeat . I can NOt wait till tuesday !!!!!!!!! 
50 hours a week leaves little time for anything but eat sleep work repeat . I can NOt wait till tuesday !!! 
shred nasty with < PROPMALE > ..... God bless pieces of wood with wheels bolted to them lol 
nothing like rendering your right wrist unuseable after slamming in a half pipe to bring my ego back down to earth a bit ...... I cant wait to try and work with this tomorrow lol 
sooooo hot ......... 
I always knew i needed to find out who I was with Out you . And now your not in the picture . I dont like now who I have become and The weirdest part is that now I look my self in the mirror and don't even recognize myself anymore . 
Whitechapel's new album drops on tuesday , So I guess I wont go jump off that bridge after all ..... ;) lol 
okokokokokokok !!!! deep breath , relax , Take it in , This is Good ...... :) Well , God is anyways haha !! ;) 
sweet !!!! rave was sick ! happy birthday connor !!! Nice to see ya nate W . miss you so much Nate S . I cant belive youve been gone a year ..... i miss you . 
i wish you could see the secret i sent over a year ago , but it never got posted and I dont even know if you know if postsecrets exists or not ...... thats life i guess .... 
no job no money dont know where im going to even live soon . but oddly ...... ive never been more happy or more satistied with my life ! :) 
i should stop feeling so sorry for myself right now ... Its going to be ok I know it !! 
just Accepted all my Finacial Aid For next year !!! God provided It ALL !!!!! boooyaaaa 
everyone listen up !!!!! My little brother < PROPMALE > Is trying to qualify for the < PROPMALE > olympic track team right now !!! He is the ONLY person from the western slope over there right now !!!! WISH HIM LUCK !!!!! 
I just want School to start !!!! AHHHH ! 
The Book OF < PROPMALE > is soooo soooo SICK !!!!! 
im going down to Mesa to try and see what my next step is now ........ 
I do not know why I do these things that I do . \ 
I don't do what I want to do , \ 
But instead I do the things I hate . 
In The Paper today about < PROPMALE > !!! \ 
\ 
< PROPMALE > Bisbee of Grand Junction participated in the USA Track &\ 
Field < PROPMALE > Olympics Colorado state meet last weekend at CSU-Pueblo . \ 
Bisbee won the state title in the boys Youth ( ages 13-14 ) discus with a throw of 129 feet , 8 inches . \ 
He also finished third in the 400 meters in 55.94 seconds . \ 
Bisbee qualified for the regional < PROPMALE > Olympic meet in July , also at CSU-Pueblo . 
Colorado Runs through my veins ................ 
ummm wow Eminem's new album already has almost 4 million plays on myspace and if you count Not Afraid almost 4.5 !!!!! it dropped this morning !!!! 
Cocaine dreams of Heroin kisses \ 
Blown my way from cigarette loves\ 
But tonight im to high to drive \ 
Down this lonely road , dont know where it goes\ 
Cant get over these hills that lay in my path\ 
Without your Love In my heart I know where im at\ 
So lets move forward and leave the past behind\ 
I want you to be the only thing on my simple mind . \ 
-Demons 
word .... decisions decisions .......... hmmm 
four loko !!!!!!!!!!!! 
yoyoyoyo ! Got a job ho !!!! 
I dont like Ghana very much right now ............. 
Boondock Saints !!!!!! uhhhhhh ... never ! gets ! Old ! 
check out the new tattoo yo !!!!!!! 
hahaha ! soooo stoked 
hmmm this situation needs fixed but do i have the guts to do it ??? 
me and the roomates need rent money , food , toilet paper , cigarettes and booze . in that order . jaketheripper will tattoo you and were acceping donations . check out his work at myspace.com/jakeistheripper in his tattoo album hes legit and im totally serious about the rest lol 
do you have quest or bresnan ? if you do I can help save you money . me and the roomates work for grand Valley telecommunications and can hook it up with DSL and a phone line for 63 bucks a month and it puts food in our mouths and a roof over our heads . lol Sorry GJ CO only . 
sooo tired !!! 
YES !!!! we have fooooood ! 
I love you Kaleb woods !!!!!!! Dont you ever forget !! 
never before Have i been this PISSED at someone ..... good thing i wasnt there or someone might be dead . 
lame 
im pretty certain that there is a warrant out for my arrest :( i slept in and missed court this morning ... i better go fix this real quick !!! 
its so damn hot in this house !!!!!! 
I just have one word to describe my night ..... Fantasy . Actually two ..... epic .... and fantasy . 
i hate hate hate not having a phone !!!!!! bfffffff < PROPFIRST > is home tomorrow !!! 
hmmm then i guess ill sit at my appt all alone tonight !!!!!!!! sweeeeet ........ not . 
Well Im just a lonely man \ 
who can only bite his cheeks \ 
and hold his tongue For so long \ 
Because theres this beautiful girl \ 
she's so delicate and sweet\ 
I dont think ill be able \ 
To withhold my feelings again \ 
The next time That we meet 
NEw JOB !!!! lol salesman For GVTC !!!! Sellin internet and phone packages for 63 bucks a month and it puts food in our mouths and a roof over our heads . hook me up i get payed on commission :) 
quincys SUCKS 
pretty much had the best day EVER today :) 
< PROPFIRST > Money + modern rock bands = Awsome !!! every band ive heard that covered \Take me home tonight\ " killed it !! " 
forgot how in LOVE i am with Paramore's \Riot\ " album !!!! " 
me and mr < PROPFIRST > fox have alot in common ..... well one thing anyways we can both blame it on the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol lol 
alllllll set for schoooool :) 
finally got a phone again !!!!! same number yo 
effff my life . 
gettin stoked for school yo !!!!! 
seems like everyone is movin on with life ... 
fuck alcohol !!! it will do nothing but ruin your life .......... 
stoked for school ! 
school starts tomorrow ...... first class ..... Tennis . ohhhhyeaaah 
so ....... mesa state turns out to be quite awesome actually !!!! Get Stokked !! 
asher roth ....... is a BEAST . his greenhouse mixtape is legit . he kills EVERYone . EVEryoneeeeeeee ..... 
it never ends bmth is my new favorite song 
It has become blatantly obvious that my younger brother < PROPMALE > is in-fact the reincarnation of < PROPMALE > Prefontaine ...... 
my Goodness !!! so stoked to FoCo this weekend !! ahhh i cant stand it this week needs to go by fast ! 
Your words haunt every moment of my day\ 
Around my neck they swing and sway\ 
With each moment that passes i always pray\ 
That you would never forget what it is that they say ......... 
flyleaf blows my freakin mind sometimes .... 
that is so so so gay ...... 
awwwww yep !!! crazy couple of days !!!! 
anyonne know where they do live poetry readigs in junktown ?? 
just want to dissapear ....... 
DEAR LORD , LAST YEAR YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTOR , < PROPFIRST > SWAYZIE . YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTRESS , < PROPFEMALE > FAWCETT . YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE SINGER , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . IN REGUARDS TO THIS YEAR . I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW , MY FAVORITE PRESIDENT IS BARACK OBAMA . AMEN 
oh goodness < PROPFIRST>' Cuervo is NOT my friend haha 
hate hate hate this .... I miss her . I totally screwed this up !!!! 
i decided that the pot farm facebook game is a conspiracy to track the locations of MMJ users ....... 
good ass day !!!!!!! no reason it just is :) 
tattooed my SELF lastnight !!!! haha its safe to say that they are going to need to get fixed .... 
sooooooo boooooored ... 
hit me up tonight !!!!! come over and lets party !!!!! 
heyyy ! two new roommates !! were gonna make rent , and were gonna make it in general !!!! woo boost ! 
stressed yo 
got the cast on .... booyah 
pretty stoked for tonight should be a good time ! 
Funny how one evening changes everything i know about my life . I need to learn to take my own advice ... 
hmmmm i need to find a cuddle < PROPMALE > . asap . 
Im wearin that crown .... And you KNOW its < PROPMALE > ha !! 
I fear that there is no woman out there for me these days ... 
Recording ! 
Come chill at my house yo !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a biyotch ...... 
god bless garageband ... 
Why wwould anyone sleep at night ? The night is the best time of day ! Carpe diem ??? Yeah no .... Seize the night ! 
Just got busted for pot ..... Sweet . 
pretty sure today sucked after kayci left lol 
Time goes by slowly when your not around ... 
I need the next 12 days to go by very very quickly 
I just need somebody to love ... 
\And im sittin here wearing the weight of the world on my shoulders . \"" 
Only 8 more days till atx ! :D 
A bit twisted layin on the roof thinkin about life and God and enjoying a freakin beautiful day !! 
The ww is going well ill make it but its getting rough !!! :) 
Ha !!! You don't even know !!!!! Haha ! 
Day 1 down . Just have to make it through the night now .... 
Sober day numero dos is much much easier than day 1 !! 
1Just spent the last 6 hours playing career on ufc 2010 only to have the psp die on me . Im praying that autosave is turned on . If its not , i will cry . < PROPFEMALE > 
1controlably 
now is when i start getting desperate 
Totally out of food and totally broke ..... So awesome . Thank god atx is less than 48 hours away ! 
< PROPFEMALE > corral baby ! Just what i need ! 
Leaving for < PROPFIRST > texas in a a matter of hours now ! 
Getting ready to board the plane to < PROPMALE > . Then ATX here we come . 
Just landed in < PROPFEMALE > . On our way to atx soon 
Just landed in texas !! 
Ive now watched the newest < PROPMALE > movie back too back twice without stoppin and im getting ready for round three ... 
Side note to last post ... The 2nd time was with no sound and death metal = brootal 
Bj's food sucks realll bad , but hey .... Their beer is bomb so guess dinner was a success !!! 
Breakfast at 3:30 - 1 cigarette , 2 toaster strudels , 3 mini lunchables pizzas , a bag of cool ranch doritos and a can of code red .... You know your jealous 
So < PROPFIRST > pilgrim against the world is the best movie i have ever seen ...... 
woke up with a mean black eye ........ apparently me and < PROPMALE > let a little anger out on eachother lastnight . 
i decided , that im not really cut out for texas . I miss my mountians . my friends . my family . the cold . the fresh air . i need to go HOME . preferably before thanksgiving . 
You know what ? Its been a while since i could stand on my own two feet 
hey GJ !!! im coming home tomorrow , but i dont have a place to crash ... Id love a couch for a few days to get my life together !! Non party house preferred ;) thanks yall ! 
paint this blackhole blacker . 
6 hours and 15 minutes till my plane leaves for < PROPMALE > . :D 
Dear Colorado . I missed you these past 11 days . 
< PROPMALE > roth gave Hostel's a bad repp .... this one in Durango CO is sick ! Ill just stay away from Amsterdam 
The only hope for me is you ! 
Durango colorado !!! Just when i thought id reached an emotional high , you found yet another way to brighten my spirits ! 
Ahhhhhhhh . :D Durango . 
New appt in durango is soooo sick !!! Just moved in ! 
Come on down and keep me coompany at the dancing pig !! We have live music and sweet hookahs ! 
Just finished my first shift !! Made good tips and some good money ! Feels good to be on my own two feet again :D 
Come smoke some hoookah and chill at the dancing pig ! Im setting up the kinect and new lcd flat screen right now !!! 
Lets just say my hookah bar has a kinect ..... And noones here right now . So yes , i am actually getting payed to play kinect right now . :D 
sayin bye to junk back to durango to pack .... then its movin time back to muhhh hooooome ! 
Durango CO , its been fun . wrappin up the last few days here then its off To Junk Town USA 
All i want for Christmas is you . 
Reguardless of your lifestyle choices , i firmly belive that xAFBx is just plain good music . Put plainly enough , They are just Too legit to not love . 
Loving the Snow !!!! Apparently it snowed on the Arizona/Mexico border today too ! 
Learned how to play ; Just the way you are , Sex and < PROPFEMALE > , and Save Tonight so far today ...... 
Capitalism is the root of all evil . 
Im the Best in the Burbs baby .... 
zombies ....... iloveyoublackops !!!!!!!!! 
omg . skrillex sexy lady remix is so dirty .... 
i needa job . and i need a studio in muh house . ive been writin so much i just wish i could offord to record it !!!! being broke blowskiis 
Take a closer look into Jay-z's lyrics and decide for yourself .... but it seems to me like he is NOT on our side ....... dissing the last supper , stating openly thats he is a free < PROPMALE > ....... idk YOU decide . \ 
2nd half of Verse 2 of run this town ..... \ 
Im in < PROPMALE > , ah , < PROPFIRST > , margella , \ 
On the table screaming fuck the other side they jealous , \ 
We got a banquet full of broads , \ 
They got a table full of fella's 
(________________) insert random pointless update here . 
day just got ruined ...... i was needlessly informed that i share that beiber fags birthday ...... sweeeeeet not . 
your \sign\ " might not be your sign at all . \ 
ummm D.I.K. house is back ?? awww yep 
need a Job . hook a brotha up . 
miss < PROPMALE > Klein and < PROPFIRST > Cooper hella bad 
i couldnt think of anything to put here this morning . 
pissed off because my phone died at the most inopportune moment possible last night . waiting for the new one to arrive in the mail !!!! lets chill today ?? 
