June gloom sucks ! I wanted < PROPFEMALE > California ... so far looking at about 5 total hours of sunshine since we got here . 

excited , spending my first night outside the US . 
is hating vancouver traffic , but otherwise loves it out here . 
misses mom ... not feeling like doing shit this weekend but need the money . 
is still avoiding doing junk right now . 
had a weird dream last night .... one the ones where I know it was a dream because I woke in my bed but am still having difficulty separating it from reality . Funny part is I don't remember it all . 
is not wanting to do house shit today 
pictures on my mind ... think I may finally post summer trip pics 
back in town for a few days 
I'm tired .... shoulda slept last night ... Oh well , off to pay bills and such . 
I think the one thing I dislike about living in town is there are so few nights I can see the stars ... 
going to the doctor this afternoon to check out this bug/spider ? bite on the back of my head .... :( it's not getting better ... but am gonna feel stupid if it's nothing . 
Sick of cleaning ... man , I need a party night . 
getting my clean laundry together .... gotta air out my house then put it back together . Stupid bug guy ... hopefully bugs all die 
currently 96 in okc right now ... 100+ in my apartment 
24hrs ... 
ugh ate too much ice cream ... 
one box 3/4 done going through ... seriously did my mom have to file away every piece of paperwork she ever got for school , work , etc for the last 20 years ?!? 
about every 30 pages give or take I find something I have to keep though so not a complete waste of time . 
on the other hand I wish I knew I could just chunk the whole boxes out lmao 
ugh ... I dont get migraines often but this one is killer ... anyone needs to get a hold of me ... well I'm putting the phones on silent . deal with it . 
so sore today ... on the other hand , at least I know I put in a fair amount of work . 
dude , self realization is very interesting sometimes . 
It's beautiful morning outside ... the clouds are pink the sky is blue and the < PROPFEMALE > is out and as bright as if it were 2am . 
1 more month and I'll be a year older , a little less mature than last year , and saving a bundle on car insurance :D 
is feeling very tired today ... I leave town tomorrow so tonight I wish you all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and many Blessings . Enjoy time with your family and friends as much as you can . Don't take them for granted . 
Will life always be the way it is ? or does it get better ? 
ok for anyone who cares my car is dead ... :( for the near future that means I am not going anywhere that is a considerable distance from my home . Should be back up and running with a month or two , one way or another . 
started spring cleaning last night O.O fun .... 
great dinner last night just what I needed a night with friends .... sorry I started feeling sick :( 
