I wish was some type of over the counter pill for being bored and lonely .... cause right now i would be popping them like Pez . 

going to cadens house to < PROPFEMALE > out , text it 
i am so bored that i started to do the quizzes that other people do 
why does it have to rain ? anyway just hanging out inside all day , probably playing xbox . text it or something 
OH BOY !! i get to go to a phillies baseball game ..... can you hear that sarcasim ?!?! 
work my butt off on this machinima , and if it doesn't go well i am like going to trip my heart out and feed it to my dog 
Once again i worked up the energy to walk from my bed to the computer , so i am back hopefully . 
Finally found my cellular calling device , text it . working on tkd all day , wish it would stop raining so i could go for a bike ride 
hoping to get a good nights sleep so that i can get up to do sprints tommoroow 
Is to lazy to even consider leaving his house today , so he is proabably going to stay inside again and practice TKD 
TKD practice for another hour after a Farkle binge from now to 12:00 
finished TKD workout , but still has nothing to do so is probably going to do it again soon 
Hanging out at kamerons house , ddo xbox stuff 
having luch at home , by himslf , and just noticed he is bleeding 
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
computer is down so i am using my sister's laptop . Can't stop playing Farkle . 
finally woke up from nap after TKD . Worked with dad for two hours and am now going to see public enemies .... just another day . 
Got back from seeing public enemies , good movie . thinking of getting an early night . hanging out with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow 
just woke up to the sound of my dog howling in pain ..... Am now freaking out and hoping that she doesn't die or anything 
BOred out of his mind , going to spend another hour trying to do Crescent kicks , but miserably failing at them 
decided to go to TKD tonight , hopefully learned the form correct 
Does anyone how put music on their facebook . i know it is possible but i just need to know how 
soccer got freakin canceled , so i am going to Tkd tomorrow for the third time this week . also < PROPMALE > savidges on saturday . now watching tv with sis . 
Bored out of my mind , working on crescent kicks mostly , sadly can't do them 
going to skylars soon , text me 
STEP 1 : GO TO THE BOTTOM OF YOUR FACEBOOK < PROPFEMALE > . STEP 2 : CLICK ON '' ENGLISH US '' STEP 3 : WHEN ALL THE DIFFERENT LANGUAGES APEAR , CLICK ON ENGLISH ( PIRATE ) ... very funny you must do this and pass it on !!! COPY AND PASTE THIS INFO AND PUT IT AS YOUR STATUS . 
Bored again , tanners tomorrow w00t ! 
Did you know there is a boy who , even though he is blind , is able to techinically still see through the powers of sound ? 
getting ready to go to < PROPMALE > savidges .... W00t 
ugh , just woke up from the sleep i should have gotten at tanners , but decided to stay up all night . My body hurts =( 
This may be a little outdated , but did you guys here < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died ??? anyway , in pain from tkd ( as usual ) and is waiting for his schedule for school !! 
Woke up , and i am not in pain = 0 !! 
What if there was no past or future , no history upon which we may reflect , or dreams upon which we can ponder ? 
so yeah , last ngiht i spent thrity mnutes outside at 12:00 a.m scared that my dog would die right in front of me . not a good night 
i love the nights i can't remeber , with the friends i cannot forget ...... found that from a gift to my mom , found it very suitable for tonight 
latest i ever woke up 12:00 . just hanging out at my place 
B . O . R . E . D !!!!! 
hanging out got back from mountains yesterday .... yeah 
tkd tonight i think , otherwise bored i guess ... 
found out just now that i am in mr stevens homeroom ... going to ritas soon with my sista . 
Tkd tonight , got haircut today so a little self-concious . 
just finished the lovely bones this morning at two A.M. very good book 
reading Mass Effect : Revelation . 
finished the book , really good ! 
Hell week for soccer starts this week , oh boy 
Soccer practice today , then TKD afterwards , and My phone is dead , life is good ! 
soccer again , sister comes home , everyone who has taken my quiz : shame on you shame on you . 
trying to figure out why my sister has more clothes in her room then we have in our whole house 
sprained my wrist at the TKD picnic , hurts like hell 
school today , got my book :D .... yeah 
back from soccer , then TKD , so tired =( 
hopefully worked my hardest at soccer today , now off to TKD at 7:30 then homework . oh and ..... salvete !! 
getting ready to go to the beach for maybe the last time =( !!!!!!!!!!!! 
back from the beach , now hanging out waiting for my life to start 
I do work son !! 
homework video games and just got backfrom the high school soccer game they won w00t 
You know it was a good day , when you can't remember a time when you weren't laughing to yourself . Blighter !! 
practice was actually fun today in the rain ! Soon my mom is bringing home KFc so it is a good day 
They say i shouldn't be what i am not , but how will know who i truly am until i find what i am not ? 
Just got home , then i am going to TKD soon , I get my yellow belt soon i hope =D 
i am sick =( ....... 
That's right i punched a board in half and got my deputy gold belt !! 
Practice was totally awesome , muddy clothes rule !! 
so i was surfing the web for something to do , and i happened to find a game called fallensword ...... it is gay 
i officialy hate that leaf on my driveway .... IT WILL DIE !!!!!!!!!! 
got back from a weekend if Philly , Greatest time ever . saw the movies District 9 and couples retreat . Hilarious ... now just hanging out at my house trying to get my mom to get me gamefly 
it is way to cold around here . 
RAWR PUDDING CUPS IN MY PANTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
finishing up some homework ( lies ) got back from a walk for diabetes , now off to do more homework ( lies ) then videogames 
i ( forgot ) to do my Algebra homework . thank god for the bus =) 
TKD WAS AMAZING LAST NIGHT >>> YOU GOT TO PEEL THE BANANA PEEL PEEL THE BANANA AND YOU GOTTA GO BANANAS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i ran the mile today in 6minutes 28 seconds . How about You ? 
creating something on playlist.com, to bad i can't bring it over here to facebook !! 
i don't know what hurts more ; seeing the pain in your eyes , or Knowing that i caused it .......... 
it hurts to look at you , it hurts think about you , too . so i have given up seeing you , and ihave given up thinking about you ............. 
So yeah last night and this morning it is difficult to bend my knee , so i am a bit worrie3d but not to much 
Finished my essay for english , i better get a good grade . 
i think this new feed thing is gaytastic 
going to go workout to my new work out playlist on playlists.com, greates music site ever 
I am the cult of PERSONALITY ! 
What if i just dissapeared , without warning or reason , from this worl right now . Would you miss me ? Speak truthfully , for lies only hurt the liar . 
here let me lay down , it will be easier to walk all over me then .... 
If stress is a disease and laughter is the cure , then why am i not healthy ? 
eating the breakfast of champions : powdered doughnuts 
trying to finish my whole short story in two hours 
Life isn't about what will happen tomorrow or what happened in the past . life is about living for now and only now . 
i am proud to say i beat Dragong Age Origins tonight at 12:37 AM , now i can finally get work done lol 
debating weather i should type up my 13page report today or tomorrow night ....... tomorrow sounds good lool 
Just popped the brownies i am making into the oven . damn you < PROPMALE > for making me hungry for them . Now doing math before TKD 
listening to wonderwall by oasis amazing song theme song of my life you should check it out 
i think that i was one of the best for Gender Bender 
okay so here is what is going down this eekend . 1 . Nothing . 2 . trying to figure out why Facebook decided to bombard me with adds about < PROPFEMALE > girlfriends and becoming a S.W.A.t police man . 3 . trying to break my addiction to happy aquarium 
saw 2012 today , amazing !!! 
just broke his addiction to happy aquarium , by brutally deleting the app from his profile 
Asks Are You Happy ? 
i got sugar lumps !!!!!!! 
My noodles ar boiling !!!! and no that is not a sexual innuendo ....... making < PROPMALE > and cheese then hanging out by myself like always 
I <3 < PROPMALE > and Cheese !!!!! hangin out by myself text 
is really really really really really pissed off 
Just got done with an epic battle with snow outside . We got like 5 inches and counting . hopefully still going to TKD christmas party , sio text it 
Well finally got around to coming back onto facebook , so yeah 
like how he keeps getting friend requests from Hot chicks !! 
it is late at night , i am tired , no exhausted from mourning today . And to top it all off i am failing health and i have to do a whole Fwa for tomorrow . great ... Just great 
gettin my swine flu shot soon . did anyone hear about what is in this thing . 
hanging at jons house , finally got to getting on fcebook 
-Is it my imagination , or do buffalo wings taste like chicken ? -Blessed are they who can laugh at themselves for they shall never cease to be amused . some goods qoutes that ifeel i should live by 
going to celebrate the turning of the decade by playing Xbox all bnight at a friends house =D . Text me if bored . 
will proudly admit that instead of partying for the new year , he played heroscape at < PROPFIRST > reighns house for at least seven hours . what a way to bring in the new year . 
just found like three ways to have A1 steak sauce ..... without the Steak =) 
let's take a roll call of today . 1 . doing C < PROPMALE > wheels and sprinting through the halls . 2 . being yelled at by Mr. Donato , Mrs. Bleiler , and Mr. K for doing said c < PROPMALE > wheels and sprinting . 3 . Buildin a beautiful peace of < PROPMALE > work during lunch , then having it destroyed and thrown away . 4 . whereing a donkey costume during computer class and messing around near the FCS room . it was a good day =)))) 
People Killin ' , people dyin ' Children hurt and you hear them crying Can you practice what you preach and would you turn the other cheek Father , father , father help us , sed some guidance from above . Cause people got me , got me question ' . Where is the love . 
< PROPMALE > out with kamereon last night skyping Alli , then woke up this morning and saw the video of me singing . What a great life =) 
working on health projec and other stuff 
KAM : MAN HUG !!!!!!!! talking to kamereon on skype through allis phone while she slept . my awesome pictures and my amazing singing 
Heading off to Soccer YAY !! lol see you guys and gals at like & ; when i finish up this health project . 
i am going to treat you with the same respect you treat me with , whcih is right about now none . 
I don't want to set the world , on , fire . i just want to start , a flame in your heart . In my heart i have but one < PROPFEMALE > !! And that one is you ..... No other will do ! For i have lost all ambition , or worldly acclaim , i just want to be the one you love ...... and with your admission , that you feel the same , I'll have reached the goal i'm dreaming of !!!! 
listening to Wonderwall , champagne supernova , and alot of other heart felt songs 
I jUst found out That the Foo Fighters came up with the song \Everybody was Kung Fu fighting\ " = 0 " 
building up my music library on Playlists.com, if you have an account i guess you could add me i am Sadly Mortal . doing homework until 7 then off to tkd 
some people call me the space Cowboy ... yea . some call me the Gangster of Love . Some people call me MORICE ! cause i speak of the pompatists of Love . 
should i study for Social studies mid terms ...... the < PROPFEMALE > ball is saying no 
Welll you ah Hot Mess and i'm falling for you . And i am like HOT Damn let me make you my boo . Cause you can shake it shake it shake it yeah you know what to do . Your a Hot Mess and i'm Lovin it Hell YES !!! 
listening to my music and then working out . after that headin to bear creek till nine , i will have my cell phone so text if you want 
you know that feeling you get when you wake up at 12 p.m , see that three people texted you , and that you are really hungry for shredded parmesean cheese ? yeah that is what i am feeling right now 
would like to inform everyone that yes , he is so shallow that he is expereincing withdraw from not having his phone . symptons include ; Boredom , paranoia , a hunger for girl scout cookies , wanting to use sisters snuggie , being very out of the loop , and finally sending really long messages on face book thinking that in the end someone will take the time to read this far and shed a tear for someone as shallow as him . 
just sat in front of his bathroom mirror and proceeded to have a \Yo Mama\ " competition . He lost . " 
is actually Cleaning =( !!!!!!!!! 
Off to TKD , be back around 10:00 
Got a new cell phone !! not opened or activated yet but Yeah !! 
alright kids , here is the most perfect meal you can make . First you get out a bowl , then you go to your refriderator , and pull out some left over shrimp fried rice , so frozen regular rice , some KFC cor and Gravy , mix it together , put it in the microwave , then take it out and add A1 steacksauce to taste . Eating it right now , the greatest thing ever !! 
feels suddenly very spiritual ....... and he kinda likes it . 
is kinda actually liking this new facebook !! also is still spiritual to the < PROPMALE > . 
is hating on these haters who are totally hating on my non hating friends who i totally would never hate ! <--------- that makes no sense , but whatever 
is tasty !! 
working on preparing for the spelling bee . <-------- I really need a hobby . 
Is now offically called < PROPMALE > tiger . 
I should seriously write a book about everything i learned about life . 
wishes he could capture everyone as they are right now and keep them like that forever . 
dear mr. snow , STOP INTERFERING WITH MY PLANS WITH YOUR RANDOM APPEARENCES ! PLEASE JUST MELT INTO NOTHINGNESS !!!!!!!!!!!! thank you , < PROPFIRST > hauck 
Deep in the jungle camouflaged by all the fallen leaves , a hand holds up the sky as shamefully i make my plea . The orders call but i can't seem to stand . Guess i am a coward afraid to face the man i am . 
i admit it ...... i was wrong . 
has nothing to say . 
Is stil writing his monolouges for English class , but since he is dry on ideas , he knows they are gonna suck worse than a vaccum cleaner on steriods . 
is ready to start Again . 
That , that is , is . That , that is not , is not . 
is thinking that people liked his monolouge 
is now the proud owner of a Gold belt . :D 
is feeling a bit brighter today . 
Dream as if you will live forever , Live as if you will die today . 
is listening to music and reminicing about a simpler time . 
i will be your rockm your base . I will pick you upw when you are down , i will keep you up when you are tall , and i will always be there at the end of the day . Even when i seem unsensitive or that i don't care , know that i do . I will be here for you , no matter what . 
It will never be a question wether i am afraid to die , But a question of wether i am afraid to not have lived my life to the fullest 
is utterly falling apart . He has a slight concussion from Tkd , A messed up wrist from Biking , a possible broken big toe from soccer , and now he can look out of his right eye with out feeling biting pain . Otherwise he is having a great time ! 
If all you seek is Hate , then you will never find love . If all you seek is love , then you will never find Hate . 
Getting ready to go on a ten mile bike ride . man do i love the wwekend , hten typing up his homo report for English :/ 
I FINALLY FINISHED THAT REPORT . NOW TIME FOR SOME RELAXING EATING !!!!! 
is feeling quite tired of living right now . 
actually i am to lazy to start crying about my problems . Let's PARTY !!!!!!!!! 
Life is like a one way mirror , whne you look at yours , all you see is your faults . But when people look at it , all they can see is your perfections 
love does not force it's way upon others . love is not jealous or prideful . Love is patients , love is honest , love is kind . So just remember , that after the world tears you up and you feel that you have no one to turn to , think of me . For i can truly say that i am in love . 
believes that his actions will speak for themselves in time . 
is searching for his heart . 
sometimes even the smallest push can throw someone over the edge . 
Okay , so i was going to TKd thinking that it was a regular day . I find out that they are actually having a tournament and i just made it in time for Forms and sparring . I got first in both Sparring and Forms . It is a good day . 
For a man should never be judged by the way he accepts his succecces , but rather how he accepts his failures . 
is going to be god for a bit on the sims . Probably the greatest game evah ! 
Life should never be something that you look back on and say , well at least i got through it , it should be something that you look back upon and say \ i just kicked some ass ! \"" 
really do hopes that this is just a preview of what summer is going to feel like . 
the mind is its own place , and in itself can make a heaven of hell , or a hell of heaven 
BElieve in me , cause i wanna be someone to believe in . 
has come to the conclusion that it is not the years if your life that count , but the life in your years . 
would like to inform everyone that he doesn't want to lose a single one of them . 
Would like to thank everyone for there birthday wishes and is now the proud owner of a swiss army knife and a ipod touch . This is possibly one of the top birthdays ever . 
Somethin tells me that this is just the beggining of the rest of my life . 
dear Pandora radio , I want to thank you for being so freaking awesome ! Love , < PROPFIRST > Hauck 
has found that dreams are always in our reach , we just have to have enough courage to stand up and take them 
She says she loves me\ 
But she comes and goes when she pleases\ 
When the door shuts\ 
It's like another papercut\ 
And now I'm stuck with a hand full of bandaids\ 
Until she comes back around like them ceiling fan blades\ 
Claims she loves me\ 
But she cuts me into pieces\ 
When I'm sewed up\ 
Here comes another papercut\ 
Now I'm stuck with a hand full of bandaids\ 
Until she comes back around like them ceiling fan blades ..... 
is ready to face a couple facts he learned . One , people he loves , think either he doesn't exist or that he is jerk . two , half of my friends are leaving to go to LvPa , and the other half are falling apart around me . Third , i live for school but it is out to kill me . These truths i hold to be self- eident , and believe that these facts are completely true unless proven otherwise via explanatation and example . thank you . 
The ones who build us up are the only ones with the ability to knock us down . 
This week sucks . 
hello world , i am < PROPFIRST > Hauck . 
excuse me Mr. Doubt , piss off . Excuse me Mrs. stress , dismount . and to the owners of the shitwagon , your in my parking spot . thank you . 
well looks like i screwed up pretty bad here . 
well it is time to close the curtains , time for the cast to wave good bye . And i know i will never forget this time , when my soul soared so high . 
its time to close the book , time to put down the pen . I have lived through this fully , and another Chapter has come to an end . 
It's officail , in one night my mind is obbsessed over < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . Probably the funniest graphic novels ever . 
woke up at Ten thirty , bumming aroung the house and cleaning my room . Formal tonight . thank you summer 
well finished cleaning my room . i am now off to a pool with my sister at her friends house , then going to physical therapy , then getting my hair cut , then coming home and finally going to formal . 
i tried to make it a show all would rember , i just hope you all enjoyed the night as much as i did . 
Well isn't life just a persnickety bitch . 
talk about a lazy day ?!?! building a sandwhich and then eating it ! i'm such a rebel . 
i just walked out to my kitchen to get some milk , thought of school lunches while drinking it , and promtply had it shot out of my nose because of laughter . 
putting together a grill today , and teaching my sister how to work out . Does the fun never end at my house ?! 
QUEST : I GOTZ GRILLZ : COMPLETED\ 
< PROPFIRST > Gained 100 Experience points and 450 gold . \ 
LEVEL UP !! \ 
< PROPFIRST > Hauck is now a Level 2 Grill Builder ! 
nothing like waking up at eight and going to work out at physical therapy to know your alive :P 
This place has got me to wondering , what is worse : To die as a good man , or to live as a monster ? 
i'll be to the point , i'd die for anyone of my friends . 
-.-- . . - .... --..-- .. - .. .. - .. . --- .. - ... - . -- . - . .. - . - --- . - . - .. . - .. --- .. - . -.-- --- .. - .. - . -- --- . - . ... . -.- . --- - .. . . -.- . - <----- Decipher this kids . 
it kill me not to know this , but i've all but just forgotten\ 
what the color of her eyes were , and her scars or how she got them . 
lets stop , lets forget our past . because it only hurts to think , how life goes by so fast . 
eating an epic sandwhich . 
Time is a great teacher , but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Berlioz 
my chest hurts right now , maybe its because your ripped my heart out . but what is done is done . 
ain't no rest for the wicked . 
well , only way now is up . Cheers ! 
fingertips like memories and i can't forget the curves of your body , and when i feel a bit naughty , i run it up the flag pole to see who looks but no one ever does ! Iiiiiiiii , i'm not sick but i'm not well , and i'm so hot , because i'm in hell ! 
i wouldn't mind a simple life , but then again , i love the one i am building now . 
doesn't feel to good . 
And when i die and you lay me to rest , i am going to the place thats the best ! oooh whoa spirit in the sky , its where i want to go when i die . 
oh my god .... shes so hot .... she's so flippin hot ... shes like a curry . i want to tell her how hot she is ... but she'll think i'm being sexist .. shes so hot she making me sexist !... bitch . <----- From a song . 
That was a < PROPMALE > failure on my part 
thats right . i am cool enough to actually be playing a text based rpg on my computer . be jealous . :P 
is reading textfiles on textfiles.com, and thinks you should try it . 
BLARG !!!!!! 8Q 
“It hurts to love someone and not be loved in return , but what is the most painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let the person know how you feel . ” 
Dig a horse ! 
i guess you can say that i am consumed with the need to be someone else . 
well this week was just dandy !! notice my very subtle use of sarcasm there . Hell week kinda blows , my legs are basically dead , and now i got to work on my english essay . 
its an odd experience to pull out your english essay , and find that after a week of working on it , it makes no sense and you have to start over . 
i got 6:35 on my mile last monday , going to try for 6:25 TODAY . 
Imma a superman and love is my kryptonite . 
nothing like eating cinnamon toast crunch out of a box to know your alive . 
soccer game today , and i'm playing goal . I right now have that sick feeling usually reaserved for the people who just walked on stage without any pants . 
listening to calming music , and just taking it easy . 
...........................................................................................................! 
You see ; love is like glass , when it breaks , the pieces are sharp and will cut you up sometimes . You can try to put it back to the way it was , but that hardly ever works . But , if your clever you can use those pieces to make something better , and make that window becom a mosaic . 
he who questions if he is happy , is no longer happy . 
writing my answers to Nanook of the North and having a super awesome conversation with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brensinger :D 
i'm like the diet version of love . 
its an odd sructure i build , this house of cards . 
soccer game tonight , i'm playing jv goalie . right now trying to muster up the energy to do homework ! 
facebook was made to do to things to the human phsyce . Either make it feel on top of the world , or crush it . I'm feeling a little to much of column B and not enough of Coloumn A ... except when < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brensinger is involved , cause she just gives me Column A all the time . <3 !! 
quite dislike not being able to talk to his adorable girlfriend and best friend because my phone is at school :/ 
is angry . 
When you smiled you had my undivided attention . When you laughed you had my urge to laugh with you . When you cried you had my urge to hold you . When you said you loved me , you had my heart forever . ” 
well today was a good day i think . I met some awesome new friends at a car wash , got < PROPFEMALE>'s from a car wash , and in the end got to talk to my girlfriend , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brensinger , who is amazing . and my best girl friend < PROPFEMALE > Souders . Not a bad day at all . :D 
you got to spend some time , love . you got to spend some time , with me . and i know that you'll find , love ... i will possess your heart . 
if there is no one beside you , when your soul embarks , i'll follow you into the dark . 
This is the story of a girl , who cried a river and drowned the whole world . and while she looks so sad in photographs , i absolutely love her , when she smiles ! 
<----- this picture is the perfect . <3 
hopes that it will all work out . 
is a boy who overthinks things . 
Eric : what would you yell if a whale huped your boat to death ? \ 
Steven : Moby Dick . \ 
Still makes me laugh , evn though its like three days old :D 
listening to music and exploring his mind 
is making brownies to pass the time . is really bored . 
So brown eyes i hold you near , cause your the only song i want to hear , a < PROPFEMALE > softly soaring through my atmosphere . 
HAd another awesome day with Maggies Militia ! And had an awesome last night at < PROPFIRST>'s Party . IT was a damn good weekend .! 
: keeping the dream alive since 1996 
Remember kids , friends don't let friends do crack . 
i wanted love , i needed love . Most of all . 
Smile harder friend , i can still smell lies 
was sick today . delightful . :/ 
nows your < PROPMALE > to ask me anything at all , and i'll answer it truthfully . yeah i'm late to this fad , < PROPFEMALE > me ! 
today , < PROPFEMALE > Hauck died . she was a good dog . and now her suffering is over . Gone today , but never forgotten . <3 goodbye < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
just sat down and did all his homework . what is this world coming to ? 
if only i could have my way , a lot of people would pay one day . 
Get your booty on the floor tonight , make my day ! 
spending night in the house of the rising sun , aka < PROPFIRST>'s agvents house 
I'm only happy when i hear your voice . Yes baby you are my drug of choice . 
is not going trick or treating tonight . :/ hooray for me !! 
is trying , and not succedding , at tuning a guitar and then learning to play it . :/ 
here we go again , i kinda wanna be more than friends , only i'm afraid your never satisfied . 
i'm living something that isn't real . 
is the public enemy of his mind . 
i miss you . 
is weak 
so if your lonely , you know i'm here waiting for you . I'm just a crosshair , i'm just a shot away from you . 
i'll be here waiting for you , trapped forever in the past . 
you make me feel so fine , i can't control my brain .. 
can't do a thing right . 
and i don't want to miss another minute of your life . 
she calls me from the cold , just when i was lost and feeling short of stable . 
and i'm just another player in this house of sin . \ 
tomorrow is be a creeper day , finally a time when i can act myself ! 
she can't stand me but i miss her face . 
i find it kind of funny , i find it kind of sad . that the dreams in which i'm dying . are the best i've ever had . 
Feels sick . 
i'm still living with your ghost . 
is Pumped for tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > banks , < PROPFEMALE > souders , and < PROPFIRST > martinez ! 
get out of my head . you drive me insane . 
Got a laptop for christmas . and is now updating his profile from it . Wonderful . 
playing just dance 2 with my family and a few neighbors . not easy 
going to a soccer goalie camp today . 
i now hav an oovoo . so now you can do all that stuff . yeah . just give me your names so i can add you or something . 
and everbody will ask , what became of you . 
And you closed the door , On so many men , who would have loved you more . 
just attacked a sock thinking it was a snake . sock 1 < PROPFIRST > 0 
getting ready for Tae Kwon Do's last year class , 2011 techniques :D . Gonna be sleeping good tonight . 
hanging out with my sister . good times 
home work , then volleyball . nothing poetic or soul inspiring to say today . 
I am Russia's Greatest Love Machine :D 
from nothing always comes something . 
i locked you up . \ 
you set me free . \ 
is enemies all we'll ever be ? 
i just started an account on Deviantart.com Come check my work out ! username is Sadly-mortal 
if you aren't remembered , then you never existed 
Our only enemy , \ 
is our own mortality . 
everytime i think of you , \ 
my heart turns a deeper blue , 
i can feel it now . 
like to be conformative 
outta sight , out a mind . your no friend of mine . 
i'll keep my eyes fixed on the sun . 
just had the worst dream of his life . 
spent the entire day making a multi-building snow fort and made like one hundred snow balls . 
and maybe sleep will bring the fulfillment life could not . 
if for one second we but hesitate , then all our dreams will dissapate . 
laughing like hell at unfriendable.com 
hello there , care to share ? 
farewell for tonight , i won't see you again till the morning light . 
lets play pretend . 
back again . 
a priest of the flying whale carcass church of christ in a banana 
i am obsessed with being someone other than myself . 
i like pleasures spiked with pain , and music is my aeroplane 
and yes all you hear is true . one day i will be born anew 
is searching for the friends in his head . 
is the truth what i've been fearing ? are we truly dissapearing ? 
is my ... 
heard your voice through a photograph , i thought it up and brought up the past . 
another bump in the road . 
although we never had them , our memories can last forever 
making memories , killing time . 
we're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl . 
Distance is a horrid thing , \ 
carrying what all bad things bring . \ 
Sadness . Madness . doubt . \ 
those i can live witout . \ 
But distance keeps them alive and breathing , \ 
keeps me frozen here , dreaming . \ 
About those days we'll spend together . \ 
and what of Distance ? \ 
slain forever . 
soccer volleyball , soccer . awesome 
has a mind of his own . 
lets rewind to early septemeber , to a time i more fondly remember . 
right about now , funk soul brother 
Live . 
judge me not by my successes , but rather my faults . 
i miss you . a lot 
no monster is scarier than the ones in my head . 
just learned that the girl he likes is tentimes better at video games than he is . Awesome . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hotston 
Meaning comes from meaningless things and pointless people . 
cause everyone i know has a reason to say , put the past away . 
but i'll kiss my lips and blow it to you , it will be the last thing that i will ever do . 
is officialy starting varsity middle . another hauck on his way 
what the hell , truth is .. 
leggie blonde , goobye . 
lets blow our ears out on cheap music and eat cheaper foods 
i saw you today , standing there with a sad face . wish we were better and in a less public place 
i am home . 
i never thought , i'd die alone , i laughed the hardest who'd of known 
just needs to sleep this night away , tomorrow will be the same day 
so this one time at brandywine 
sleep is for yuppies . 
has to much moral in his diet 
i jumped the gun and wound up shot , this misery is all i got . 
bought the last < PROPFIRST > pilgrim book and read it in thirty minutes ( sad face ) and now bought all the walking dead comics out and read them all . i am in heaven 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hotston loves to feed me fiery perogies of delicious doom ! 
i haven't written in a while , i guess i couldn't resist your smile . 
all that shimmers in this world is sure to fade , away , again . 
is done 
Great night guys ! i shall say that the sound of laughter has never been more praised by me then tonight :D 
thank you everyone whoparticipated in night of comedy . you all are amazing people and i loved working with every single one of you . its sucks that < PROPFEMALE > Daddario , < PROPFIRST > Procaccio , and < PROPFEMALE > Moyer are seniors , your always welcome back for a visit ! thank you again newly created drama club , your the best . 
is in the worst possible mood right now 
sorry . 
i'm home alone . first peace and quiet in a month 
from the mess to the masses 
going to a soccer game now , then catching a movie later tonight hopefully 
