finally back in brookhaven 

ready for a very long summer ..... 
getting ready to visit family in texas ... 
just got back from texas ... learned how to drive finally 
gettin ready for another orthodontist appointment ... joy ... 
gettin ready for church in the morning ... 
just got back from church ... 
gonna be a cousin/aunt again ... 
gettin ready for first day of band camp tomorrow bright and early ... 
band camp ... 2 weeks ... 
rain = love 
gettin ready for yet another day of band camp ... 
band camp is out early today and tomorrow thank goodness 
why do saturdays have to be so busy ... 
ready for tomorrow ... 
gettin ready for church ... 
so not ready for monday ... 
library 4th block ... totally funn 
Geography test on 50 states ... again .... 
six days ... 
wonder if the thing in the library is still broken ..... 
studying ... again ... 
gettin ready for band practice tonight ... ready for saturday to be here already ... 
gotta sell spirit cards .. 
watching the bourne identity .... 
gettin ready to get ready for the wedding ... gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with my j < PROPFIRST > for a few hours ha 
\does this deafening silence mean nothing to no one but me \"" 
gettin ready for church .... 
my stuff is comin in the mail ... yay . 
gonna wake up in the mornin another year older .... 
i have a quarter note on my hand ... my life is now complete haha 
too many b-days in august ... 2 tomorrow .. 2 friday .. . one sunday . 2 yesterday ... 
can't believe my reesey is 5 today . 
might get a new old hat soon . the most beautiful hat in the world haha 
ready for the game . < PROPMALE > county is so gonna lose ... 
had fun at the game and the horse show with < PROPFEMALE > and ridin today 
hope < PROPFIRST > is feelin better soon so he can come home from the hospital 
going to the coast for the weekend . 
i'm on the < PROPFEMALE > ........ 
super excited to get my house keys back tomorrow morning 
human a&p make up test and detention ... funn . 
absolutely can't stand being sick ... 
super glad i don't have strep or the flu ... just wish i knew what i do have . 
i know who's getting a hearing aid for christmas ha ... 
brookhaven at < PROPFIRST > county tomorrow night 
thinks that coach Hicks ' confusion pretty much made third block the funniest class today ... 
human a&p test before school ... no football this weekend ... 
just got a letter from butler university in indianapolis , in . 
how do you finish a project that's due in third block if you left the main materials in that class the day before ??? 
\you can't leave where you are till you've decided where you want to be . \"" 
really need to finish this book ... so i can move on to the other three ... 
what is a four-legged animal with no tail ?? 
i has a fleur de lis ! it's fantabulous . 
really wish people would stop acting like 5 year olds . you're in high school . grow up . 
9weeks exams tomorrow .... so much fun . 
love how there's already christmas commercials and halloween and thanksgiving aren't even here yet ... 
apparently the terms \bite me\ " and \ " i dare you\ " are now taken literally ... nice to know .... " 
human a&p flashcards . welcome to the wonderful world of studying ... 
people really aren't worth the effort anymore . 
i blame whittington . 
101 fever . thank you so much band . i love you too . 
find out if i'm gonna have a new neice or nephew thursday morning . 
NyQuil : now sold in red death flavor . 
no band practice tonight . tomorrows half time is gonna be great ... 
gonna have another bad little nephew 
manning ? or the saints ....? 
so not ready for first block tomorrow ... 
first block = nightmare . 
may can't come slow enough . i'mma miss my seniors ... graduation = saddest day ever . 
just got done cleaning and going back to my favoritest aunts house for the night 
what do i do for the parade ?! i so don't wanna march without an instrument again .... makes me sad .. 
happy birfday < PROPFEMALE > !!! we love you .! 
last parade with the most amazing seniors in the world :(( 
ew ... snow ... 
snow in brookhaven . before christmas . should be in ripley's believe it or not . 
debating whether i wanna stay home for an allergic reaction to red dye . probably not . 
jazz band concert at 7 . 
love how people can't call and let you know something's postponed so you have to go through the rain and get soaked to find out while they drive by in their vehicle and let you all know . people make so much sense sometimes . 
how to lose a game of chess in less than 10 moves ... play against < PROPMALE > . 
and you just lost the game . 
human a&p and minority studies tests tomorrow . the two worst classes i've ever taken . great . 
is it bad when your band director sees you goin down the road in a different vehicle and still recognizes you and waves ?? 
you know you're a red neck when you know every word to < PROPMALE > foxworthy's 12 days of christmas . 
fireworks , you are 7 minutes early . get with the program . 
Leavin for the airport with a whole 2 and a half hours of sleep . Smart .. 
One more hour at this airport , then it's off to < PROPMALE > then a 2 and a half hour overlay til I head to Baton Rouge . Fun fun . 
Gettin ready to leave < PROPMALE > for Baton Rouge . Then the drive back to Brookhaven .. 
Baton Rouge (: 
Walk in a corner shop See a shoplifting cop See the old lady with a gun See the hero try to run Nothing's what it seems , I mean It's not all dirty , but it's not all clean There's children paying bills There's monks buying thrills There's pride for sale in magazines There's pills for rent to make you clean 
think i should be allowed to skip the remainder of fourth block when i finish my notes everyday .. 
played human domino's at church with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > last night and decided that the t < PROPMALE > should maybe possibly go on a diet ... maybe . 
so thankful that i don't have a tumor in my shoulder . hope i don't have to have surgery and the therapy will fix it . 
making \people\ " out of erasers and < PROPFIRST > pins = 3rd block ... amazingness ... " 
the one day i'm completely ready for school i'm locked in my house and don't have a key ... so i guess i'll be listening to the wicked cd again .. fantabulous day . not . 
got bit by a \GUH\ " spider in first block today . thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . you're such a great friend . " 
third chair first band . amazing . wish i could've gone to the saints parade though ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > born today at 12:19 9lbs 9oz . 21 inches long . happy birthday < PROPMALE > ! :)) we <3 you ! 
just got home from having surgery hopefully will have pain meds soon goin back to school wednesday hopefully 
finally keepin food down stupid anasthesia reaction . maybe i can sleep tonight for once 
one pain pill every four hours instead of 2 maybe i can take my permit test tomorrow after all 
i miss everyone ! Hate not being able to do anything ... 
still wanna know why the symphonic band is in the band hall and not the auditorium ... thought it was just for 2 days ... 
tomorrow's gonna be so lonely without symphonic band there 
trading band directors ... this should be fun . 
best spring break ever . 2 doctors offices , ER for great < PROPMALE > bite , shoulder problems , and stress about goin to school tomorrow . this is by far the most interesting spring break i've ever had ... i love my life . 
so ready for wednesday to be over with so i can go to < PROPFIRST > thursday ! hope i can finally take this sling off . 
five more hours then off to the band hall to go to < PROPFIRST > ! so excited :) 
a few more minutes and we'll all be headed to the band hall to go to < PROPFIRST > ! ain't nobody gonna sleep tonight ! sorry guys :) 
so happy to be home , the trip was amazing ! wish we could go on a trip every weekend :) 
graduation makes me sad :( it's coming too soon ! 
wonder why it's always us lucky bhs people that get to go back to school early . yay us . 
can't wait till tomorrow . going to southwest after 1st block . and get the sling off after nearly two long months . it's gonna be great . 
I can finally play in band again ! only on one of the silver tubas ... so ready for tomorrow night . concert's gonna be great . 
so ready to get today over with . been up since a little after 5 ... ready for jazz band this morning :) 
so proud i didn't kill us all with my terrible driving :) haha everybody should clear the roads 
super ready for tomorrow , goin to lipsey with the band then footloose with the fam . maybe nobody will get sick this weekend haha 
i've read so much < PROPFIRST > dickens in the past several days i'm beginning to catch my self thinking the way they do in great expectations . thanks for assigning the longest , most slowly progressing book you could possibly think of 
so not ready for today . great expectations test first thing in 2nd block . i guess i better get ready to fail a test today 
the agenda tomorrow : nhs meeting , jazz band first block , school , forensics auditions , jazz band after school practice , jazz band concert , sleep . the end . life is so stinkin busy sometimes it's confusing . 
going to the amazing carnival tomorrow night with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beeson , < PROPMALE > Fries , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Edwards , and Travic < PROPMALE > . love the besties :)) 
\ ... & you can't be close enough unless i'm feeling your heartbeat ... \"" 
what's the point in asking someone what's wrong then when they tell you all you say is okay ? if you don't wanna know , don't ask . just sayin . 
thanks God for all you've given me , but i really wish you'd stop taking it back ... 
Take me back to where the music hit me , life was good , and love was easy .. 
yeah , crazy greeter at walmart . i'm so gonna steal this gatorade and perscription . so you need to go through everything on my receipt 3 times and hold up everyone else in line . thank you . 
totally bombed the chair placement . high a and b flat , darn you . \ 
on the up side , The most AH-mazing band director in the world was here today ; < PROPFIRST > Maclendon ! i think he should come back ... just saying . 
happy birthday < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Brasseal love ya boy :) 
And when you're ready to give up , remember why you held on for so long in the first place ... 
schgraduation is coming too soon :( ( schgraduation courtesy to < PROPFIRST > Rego ) i'm gonna miss you crazy seniors ... 
so not ready for exams today ... or tomorrow ... last two days :) too bad the seniors have to leave ... wish they could stay :( 
one day left !!! then i've got to be back for graduation practice thursday at 5 then i have to be there friday , for the actual graduation . i'm going to miss you seniors :( you crazy folks ... 
Happy Birthday Caileigh Flatcookie Smith !! Hope it's great , love ya best friend :) 
I love how my internet refuses work right when it rains . 
last day with the seniors :( i'll miss you guys . good luck tonight , we're really proud of you :) 
graduation , tears , pomp and circumstance , goodbyes ... all in one night . my life's great ... how bout yours ? i'm gonna miss you seniors , but i know God has great plans for you and you'll do great in all you do . have fun at college , and visit often . We'll miss you :) 
Just got out of the dr's office with my two favorite boys . Poor jr and < PROPMALE > :( 
sitting here with my most bestest friend in the whole wide world Rindi < PROPFIRST > Cain and playing with my most favoritest nephews in the whole wide world 
almost all a's ... 
at the river with the fam goin to the kick off party after while 
ok any one who has got my number off facebook its not 71 it is 601754 5917 
vbs program today :) hope my little kindergarteners do wayy better than those sixth graders on their songs . love my 4 and 5 year olds :)) 
so i went to the dr's urgent care , to be told that i need to go to the MS allergy and asthma clinic , and get a shot and antibiotics and some new cough medicine ... lucky me . i always manage to be in the doctor's office for something . 
off to missouri in 3 days , then Indiana ... i'm gonna miss Brookhaven for 3 weeks ! 
Missed band rehearsal today . Instead , I'm In Missouri . So ready for the 19th :) 
Love how reese has learned to jump off the deep end of the pool with no fear . At the age of 5 . That daredevil :) 
Gettin ready to leave the condo to go to muncie dark and early :) can't wait to see all my central friends in a day or two :)) miss you guys ! 
Watchin the world cup with < PROPMALE > . Maybe usa will beat ghana after all :) 
It's kinda weird to hear your five year old sister singing every word to irreplaceable by beyonce and actually doing a great job . Wow . 
i think it's absolutely lovely that i woke up at 5 this morning to a kid puking in my floor . yay for me .. 
fixin to go meet < PROPFEMALE > Piner :) -missed my best friend the past 2 years . 
Getting ready to head back down brookhaven way , long 2 day trip with 5 kids in one car . ready to see my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > :) 
so , i literally feel like the world is spinning ... i don't remember being in this much pain last year ... 
so strange to think that your life can literally end at any given moment ... you don't wake up thinking you won't make it to tomorrow ... praying for the dyess family ... 
2 more days to finish learning the drill :) then we're done for a few days .. 
so , i have apparently made it on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s bad side , he now comes through the house with random toys swinging them at me . thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . i love you too . 
apparently the counselor thinks i need to be in algebra II twice every day ... and not in a foreign language ever . at all . 
grapes of wrath . 
early release :) best part of thursday . 
test on grapes of wrath , history vocab , and marching ... then tomorrow i go to the hospital for < PROPFEMALE>'s surgery . guess we'll see how horrible make-up work is nice and early this year .. 
so , getting sick at school sucks . just saying . 
thanks to < PROPMALE > gooch , my vocabulary will never be the same . i now know many new and fantastic words :) haha 
so ready for next friday .... 
Flatcookie loves you (: You are about to pick me up in liiike 30 < PROPFEMALE > omg !! haha i sound like a prep (: My mama is loser (: not really she is cool ! ( : Hmm That movie is gonna be beast ! You have to get ready .. RIGHT NOW !!!! Bahahaa well lets see Mr. Gavan Is wrong for not letting you get the things you need you couldve died and he would get blamed for it :( there we go well Byee \ 
<3 I loveee you (: \ 
-Caileigh < PROPFEMALE > <3 
just got back from vampires suck with all the freshmen .. and < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > :) 
totally just noticed that my about me has been changed ... thanks caileigh :) 
really don't dig this whole you must have homework in at least 4 of your five actual classes thing ... plus the books . yay ... 
so my computer is playing music and i have absolutely NO idea where it's coming from , I guess it's a good thing i like this song . 
test in every class but algebra and u.s. history . yayy isn't today going to be lovely .. 
super ready to start working on fanfares :) first game's gonna be amazing . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes today :) 
best dream ever . plus no band this morning . practice tonight . 7 10 nhs meeting this morning ... today'll be ... interesting .. 
really think tomorrow's gonna be great . just saying . (: 
This is < PROPFEMALE > Cain && Summer < PROPFEMALE>' Cavalier !! We <3 you lots and lots and lots .. and LOTS ! (: We're gonna have a great weekend ! :)) 
had the BEST weekend (: can't wait til tomorrow .. 
can't wait till the morning ... hope we can watch the show again , maybe i won't be half asleep this time (: 
egd next wednesday at 12 in < PROPMALE > . yayyy ....... i get to have yet another tube stuck down my throat . 
can't wait till tomorrow , and the fact that we won't march doesn't hurt either :) 
only in mississippi would you find someone outside shoveling grass off their sidewalk and driveway .. 
so i think 5 and a half hand written pages should equal to at least 2 double spaced typed pages ... at least . 
gettin ready to drive to town :) 
4 needles , 3 nurses , 1 IV ... at least 30 minutes . great , my life is complete . next time i say my veins roll , maybe you'll believe me ha 
short day today , then i get to see my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > :) love the nephews . 
Summer loves youuuu ***** ,, 
Heeyyy i got cha phone !!! (: loveee yaa 
Slim shady :) 
it's pretty bad when you look forward to mondays :) 
i get to do a project on music :) this somehow makes the fact that it's for school wayy easier to handle than it would be if it weren't 
Just left the school and the < PROPMALE > trumpet and the thrones :) haha 
andrew : hey , let's play speed bump\ 
jonathan : yeah , < PROPFEMALE > go lay down in the road ! \ 
lovin the 7:15 a.m. convo's at the band hall :) 
usher on < PROPFEMALE>'s got talent :) 
love how people always wanna talk about something they don't know , it just makes you look stupid . 
just got back from the wreck site ... gosh i miss you Saw ... 
chemistry test tomorrow , awesome . 
grrrrrrr .. stupid picture comments :( 
potatoes are superheroes ??? 
phantom of the opera :) 
The fact that the < PROPFEMALE > is still out kinda means it's too early to be up ... 
apparently i now have 5 adopted children ... love the way that happens . 
thursday night band is killing my homework time , so when i get up in the morning i automatically remember the homework i should have finished the night before . great . 
Trey : go home and get shot you bird ! 
Eight cars racing in hattiesburg , the things you see on friday nights :) 
is there a reason i have to go to school when i feel this awful ?? 
think the college kids should all come home this weekend ... 
< PROPFIRST > Gill . best fictional character ever . thanks < PROPFEMALE > Rees :) 
think Rindi < PROPFIRST > Cain is crazy :)) 
one of my favorite teachers is leaving tomorrow , and i'm just hearing about it today ?? there's something wrong with that ... 
the fact that i got to see my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > today made everything better :) love my nephews 
get the hoodie monday :) 
i love how i know where something is , til right before i actually need it . early mornings are great .... 
finna go to summer's for the night :) got a feeling tomorrow morning's gonna be pretty rough in band , but hey , we need it ... 
You're not slow summer , you're just gullable :) 
Is it normal for shakes to thicken to the point that you gag when you drink em ? 
Bohemian rhapsody (: 
theory of a deadman (: 
long weekend , starting tomorrow . 
two choices ... one : get the braces off now , and live with an 5mm overbite , or two : leave em on for 2 more months and see if the overbite will come down some more ... decisions , decisions .. 
ready for this competition , and to see all the college friends :) 
Summer is the cooolessst person in the world ! I want to be just like her when i grow up so awesometastic ppl shuld txt 6016690365 
Sitting here with summer cinnamon go home and clean so we can all watch movies (: 
Summer got hit by corn :) 
Die , bug . 
wow , you grapped a ladder to reach something you could've gotten by standing on your tip-toes ... good job . 
breaking < PROPMALE > & three days grace = pretty great day (: 
Misery likes company 
< PROPFEMALE > corps band tomorrow (: 
Apparently i'm an awful friend . The worst , actually . 
if you're not gonna listen when people try to give you advice , don't complain when things don't work out . 
All in all its just another day now , you're fallin down , what you gonna do , standing on top of the world tonight , no one's looking back at you 
stupid people shouldn't drive . they shouldn't have cars , and they shouldn't drive . 
Picayune upper-classmen band bus is the place to be (: 
the house is falling down !! -me\ 
no , it's being eaten by purple elephants !! - < PROPFEMALE > :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s missing again ): poor thing . 
no marching tomorrow morning (: 
no driving today ): 
Lights are out . Lovely . 
I really want to watch a knight's tale now ... 
Bout tired of people sayin one thing and doin another , then you wanna get ticked at everyone else . It's not their fault . 
Purple cows are eating the house !! - < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Why am i up already ?? 
With my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , lovee him (: 
According to my lovely nephew , i'm supposed to sleep in the woods tonight and not his room , so sweet (: haha gotta love him 
It's the geico gecko !! 
woke up this morning and my ipod was still playing theory of a deadman , maybe today will be aight after all .. 
And when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while , cuz you're amazing , just the way you are 
Put me to sleep , evil angel . Open your wings , evil angel . Why can't i breathe , evil angel ? 
fall festival tonight . yayy . 
She ain't always been an angel , she ain't always had that halo , oh the stories i could tell , bet it wasn't that long ago . 
On the way to < PROPMALE > with my favorite person(s ) in the world (: 
< PROPFEMALE > , so grow up and leave your drama at the door , and my name out of your mouth . Cuz i still don't want any part in your rumors . 
finna head to mccomb , then it's trick-or-treating with the nephews (: hopefully we can teach jr how to say it this year 
Amarillo by morning (: 
of course i'd end up sick the day of scale test . i can't breathe without having to play , so i'm pretty sure last chair is calling my name .. greatt . 
My grandma is going around the house saying hola my name is < PROPFEMALE > .. Pretty scary ... 
first chair symphonic band (: yesterday was one of the best days of the year so far . 
Rindi < PROPFIRST > Cain , i miss my nephews . bring them back . < PROPFEMALE > ? \ 
I luhh you (: 
super ready for the game tonight , and the bus ride out there (: Travic < PROPMALE > better sing for me tonight . 
Game last night-awesome (: today : cleaning , then chillin with rindi and the nephewss for a few days (: only one thing missing from my awesome weekend .. 
Would you walk to the edge of the ocean just to fill my jar with sand just in case i got the notion to let it run through my hands (: -the band < PROPFIRST > 
super ready for wednesday to get here ... then every day after till sunday (: 
think we should skip tuesday and go straight to wednesday . then i wouldn't have to stay at the school til 5 .. 
marching this morning ... fun . 
Thirty more minutes here , then i can leave .. Really wish this clock would get to ticking .... 
today was pretty awesome . marching in the morning isn't going to be . 
braces off in less than 3 weeks from today (: super ready . six years is wayy too long . 
charters tomorrow (: 
i have the best aunt in the world , i love you Rindi < PROPFIRST > Cain , and i'm super upset that i won't see you and my adorable nephews again til saturday night ): just sayin . 
ready for this game tonight (: 
You're rib-dirt ! \ 
only in mrs. brewer's class (: 
so , today's either gonna be really good or really awful ... kinda just wanna get it over with already ... 
super ready for thanksgiving break ... then the next week braces will be gone (: 
Every mile a memory (: 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > decided that i shouldn't go to school this morning , and cried everytime i tried to leave ... so i stayed with him and < PROPMALE > ... fun day . 
Loving you was like throwing a lasso around a tornado I tried to hold on to you\ 
Took a turn on a high trapeze swinging over the deep I thought I could show you\ 
I've always been afraid of flying But you can't blame a girl for trying -the band perry (: 
the first ever 2 and a half men is on . i think my life's momentarily complete (: 
watching a history channel movie for latin (: 
< PROPFEMALE > as a senior citizen ... My day just got better (: 
Days like this , i wish the sun wouldn't set . I don't wanna forget what made us feel this way .. \ 
-love is an ocean wide , the afters (: 
Summer loves youuuu sweetgirllllllll :) 
sideline- < PROPFEMALE > Chello . new favorite song (: 
Look outside , Its already light and the stars ran away with the night (: 
impressions for retainer tomorrow , then a week later get the braces off (: can't wait . 
One more week of braces (: 
When you can't even see your hand in front of your face IN the car .. You should slow down . Just a thought . 
Rustin shot a reindeer (: gotta love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
We're smiling but we're close to tears & after all these years we just now got the feeling that we're meeting for the first time (: 
3 days left (: 
Hangin out with summer and ryan (: phone's dead ... 
< PROPFEMALE > has just gotten hacked ! 
has been hacked by Faith Drumma Cavalier (: \ 
Love ya'!((: 
-- Make up your mind , and I'll make up mine . Don't worry about me , I'll be fine . those words that you said to me , why wasn't I listening ? I wish I hadn't met you at all . I started thinking . I'll sit back , and relax , and wait for the morning ... 
my word is my pride \ 
But wisdom is bleak , \ 
and that’s a word from the wise -- Lil Wayne (: 
Come on , Colts ! you can beat them !! we got this ! 
No school for me tomorrow /: 
Breaking < PROPMALE > , Lil < PROPMALE > , Eminem , and Theory of a Deadman . I'm feeling a little better (: 
Braces off in 24 hours (: 
The fact that my ipod still works and the screen hasn't broken is amazing considering the number of times I drop it daily ... 
2 hours left (: 
On the way to the orthodontist (: 
I can see my teeth again (: 
remember ? 
Already got a feeling this month is gonna be awful ... Great start to my December right there .. Thanks . 
Going to church with Summer (: maybe tonight will be better than this morning ... Ready for the parade and the state game (: this week will get better . 
Tomorrow's gonna be great (: can't wait . 
And now you're telling everyone , How I only did you wrong , I guess you never knew me at all -- Every Avenue (: 
Christmas Parade tonight , get to see the nephews !! then I'll be with Summer Cavalier pretty much til sunday ... fun weekend (: 
gatti town tonight with rindi , rustin , jr , < PROPMALE > , and summer (: gonna be fun . even though i'm so sore i can't hardly move ... 
Getting ready to go to this game tonight (: We can do this Ole < PROPFEMALE > !! R.I.P #53 . GO panthers (: 
Promise me You'll always be Happy by my side I promise to Sing to you When all the music dies (: 
is going back to sleep an option right now ? 
&& I'm not a stepping stone , take it all or leave me alone .. 
I miss back when ... 
got my PSAT score back (: proud of myself . 
just realized it's been 3 weeks and 2 days since I last drove ... I'm definitely thinking it's time for a road trip (: 
Don't be fallin in love as they're walkin away ... when your heart can't tell your mind to tell your mouth what it should say .. 
It's just a thought , but I'm usually right , so if I were you , I'd listen . Just sayin .. 
4237- you're super sweet and always cheer me up when i'm sad (: you're like my sister , i love youu ! 
5714230698-4C you're my absolute BEST friend and i love you , your kids are my favorite in the world (: you help me with everything and i love you bunches !! 
28- i miss you SO much !! You were like my best friend ha I miss our convos in english and lunch (: you have to come visit soon ! 
9633- girl , you is crazy (: i love when we tried to play board games at 3 a.m. And i love seeing you in band everyday , we needa hangout soon ! Love you bestie (: 
#0 - you're my best friend in the world , my sister , aand secret keeper . I love you bunches and love our conversations about life (: i hope we're besties forever ! 
That one long number , i love you like family (: and i love the color in your hair haha i'm sad that < PROPMALE > won't let us hangout cause i'm too accident proned ): 
ready for next Friday to be here already , time ... could you speed up just this once ?? 
I put my phone on the charger all night last night just to realize when i woke up that the charger was unplugged . smart . 
that's so tinsel (: 
Wishing Rindi would hurry up ........... Just sayin . 
Show me what it's like to dream in black and white <3 
Life's not the breaths you take , it's the moments that take your breaths away 
got a stuffed animal from bass pro , then got soaked on the way out , fun night (: 
Listening to the band < PROPFIRST > with rindi , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is singing with em (: 
got another puppy , him's at rindi's . think I'll go visit him soon (: 
leaving for Indiana Sunday for two weeks (: ready to see the old buddies . 
hoping my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > gets better soon .. poor baby has RSV ): 
I swear my shoulder is going to fall off . it's just not possible for it to hurt more without doing so .. 
not ready for this A.P. test ... keeping my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > tonight (: maybe I'll be able to get some study time in while he's out here . 
No matter how mad you make me , or how stupid you act , I still can't hate you .. 
The dog is back (: my month just got a little better .. 
Last day of school til January (: 
Here we go , come with me , there's a world out there that we should see , take my hand , close your eyes , When you're right here I'm a rocketeer , let's fly (: 
two more days til I go to Indiana , hangin out with the Brookhaven buddies the last time this year tomorrow (: last night was pretty cool with Summer Cavalier at waffle house , walmart , the movies , and walmart again (: gonna miss the bestie . 
Never let your prayin knees get lazy , and love like crazy (: 
Leaving for indiana tomorrow (: stoppin in < PROPMALE > to switch flights , fun fun 
won't be at the family Christmas with Rindi and the boys tonight ): 
3 airports , 2 planes , 1 day ... starting at 4 in the morning .. this'll be fun .. 
Sitting in < PROPMALE > getting ready to leave for Indianapolis (: got nearly an hour to do nothing ... Well I guess this gives me time to read the Great Gatsby for Brewer .. Just a few more hours and I'll be done flying for two weeks (: 
Target with momma (: 
So , I'm kinda sorta definitely missing my best friend (: stuff isn't as funny without her 
so , while in walmart this afternoon my little sister decided to randomly shout \OMG !!! \ " a the top of her lungs .. because she saw a commercial of a toy dog .. good times in walmart (: " 
I don't know what it is with kids these days , but if I would have done that I wouldn't have seen tomorrow .. 
Gee thanks , guys .. Way to not tell me something I might consider important .. 
photography is < PROPMALE > , and placebo is amazing (: 
TSO playing at the Red Wings game (: sounds great . 
kinda wondering how early the little ones will have us all up in the morning .. watching prisoner of azkaban with the family , love the shrunken head (: 
My brother is walking around the house listening to his new mp3 player singing < PROPFIRST > Beiber songs , it's a bit scary ... 
Ick , snow in my eyelashes ): 
Reese is walking around the house during the Colts game singing i want a hippopotamous for Christmas (: and changing every other verse to go along with the ball game .. only Reese .. 
We are jolly green giants walking the Earth ... With guns . -Full metal jacket (: 
still think it's odd that muncie has 2 walmarts , a target , a meijer , like 5 marsh's , a lowes , home depot , and menards .. plus some others .. all in one town .. 
Last night : full metal jacket , whip it , and the dark knight . Tonight : a knight's tale , angels and demons , snatched , < PROPFIRST > , and master and commander . (: 
finna go play gears of war with my step dad (: this'll be fun . 
The world is rough , get a helmet . 
hockey game tomorrow night in Indy (: 
so , my phone got stolen from the airport so if you got a message from me after about 12 yesterday it wasn't me . 
\I always prefer to believe the best of everybody 
clinician : * during 16measure rest * Tuba's you're doing it wrong ! i need more volume !! \ 
heather : well ... you see ... we kinda don't have anything but a bunch of blank spots ... but we can always just write something in .....? 
Just left town with the nephews and summer and < PROPFEMALE > . Fun trip (: 
Summer is so awesome 
if you play it safe you won't get nowhere , you can't stay in here when there's a world out there (: 
Summer loves you sweetgirl . (: 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > just told his bookbag to giddy up horsie < PROPFEMALE > haw (: gotta love this crazy kid 
\i'm pretty sure i did because i think i heard God crying . \ " synyster gates " 
\stole\ " rustin's < PROPFIRST > aldean cd (: " 
Crazy train (: 
breaking < PROPMALE > , theory of a deadman , three days grace , framing hanley , five finger death punch , and avenged sevenfold . my day just got better (: 
All this small town he said she said ain't it funny how rumors spread like i know somethin yall don't know man that talk is gettin old .. 
< PROPMALE > .. to the Dr with rindi and the nephews (: 
I been tellin my dreams to the scarecrow bout the places that i'd like to see said friend do you think ill ever get there&he just stands there smilin back at me 
So if you don't know what's going on you need to stay out of it . Obviously we don't want you in it or we would have told you . Don't like drama ? Don't start it . 
Woke up from a dream in algebra 2 thinking i was on a plane .. Strange . 
< PROPFEMALE > , your phone is a piece of crap . Bleh . (: 
Blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted . 
jr just picked up a bowl put it on his head and said \i need my hat to go outside with my daddy\ " (: this kid cracks me up haha " 
did u forget to sign out ha ha i got u 
trip to Mccomb , then Resident Evil last night with < PROPMALE > , squirell , and < PROPFEMALE > (: 
Hanging out in < PROPFEMALE > with the two coolest people I know (: 
So Jr just told me that his leg wasn't doing good and the Dr said they had to cut it off . Crazy kid (: 
People got the nerve to blame you for it and You know you woulda took the bullet if you saw it .. 
can get into community college for free (: 
summer likes to talk (: 
Heading back to Brookhaven had a pretty good day with all the band kids 
Football game between band kids . Funniest thing all year (: 
Finally in crockett texas . 
Never in my life have i seen a kid cry through an entire carwash .. 
listenin to music with < PROPFIRST > , watchin the kids attempt to climb into the playpen .. all three tryin to figure it out .. 
Tryin to help rindi use jumper cables . Lord , please don't let me die .. This should be fun haha . 
\I'm of the opinion that people who are offended easily are offended easily because they want to be offended . \"" 
Headed back to brookhaven , got all superiors (: great day with the bandies 
sometimes it's healthy to put your headphones on and turn the music up so loud you can't hear yourself think . 
friend1 : Imma cut you upen and watch your entrails bleed out of your belly-button\ 
friend2 : Oh yeah , bring it on ( holds up mini knife ) (: 
Caileigh loves you ((: 
can we skip Monday and go straight to Tuesday ? 
Summer can sing the gangster song (: 
show music today (: 
Really ? You're bout as bright as a burnt out lightbulb (: gotta love momma < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ouch .. 
Life lives , life dies , life laughs , life cries . Life gives up and life tries . But life looks different through everyone's eyes .. 
Blind rooster sittin under a flashlight (: 
Xm radio back on (: 
went swimmin at lake < PROPMALE > with Mal , Moose , and Trey (: then we cooked lunch and watched movies . 
You may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one . 
Highlight of my morning : < PROPMALE > sitting in the middle of the bed screaming \Riiinnnnii !! \ " trying to wake his momma up (: " 
and I'll hold on to those precious moments like pieced of gold .. someday when I'm old .. 
Does not love jr anymore . He just said < PROPFIRST > loves him most . That jerk . (: 
I guess we all got a lotta boot left to fill . 
U.S. History state test ... :/ hopefully I'll pass . 
The carnival is setting up down the road (: 
thanks , Mr. Whittington . I apparently skipped school yesterday , because of you . happy ? 
Schrimp poulan . (: < PROPFEMALE>'s favorite composer . 
just heard the carnival playing my favorite song from my house (: 
apparently I'm not supposed to sleep past five anymore .. 
2.7 days worth of music on the ipod (: 
\We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears . \"" 
love how you want to act like everything is his fault when you're the one that was walkin around in walmart with and cheating on him with your ex and as soon as you saw someone in his family decided to run off so you wouldn't be caught . yeah , when youre guilty as sin I guess you would think the entire world was out to get you huh , < PROPFEMALE > ? really smart . you brought it all on yourself , so stop complaining . 
Don't you give up now the sun will soon be shining you gotta face the clouds to find the silver lining 
I loves youu rindi cain !! You crack me up (: btw , < PROPMALE > loves me more than youu ! Hahaha ! 
Just saw my sweet little cousin promoted to kindergarten !! (: 
Never let your prayin knees get lazy , and love like crazy 
Thirty minutes til the end of the world . Apparently . 
In louisiana (: 
Would love for rindi to learn how to press the little green button on her phone to answer calls . Just sayin . 
Graduation practice tonight ): 
less than an hour to finish cleaning the house :/ 
Doctor who (: 
Dear Italy , \ 
Please can we have Il Volo , and in return , you can have ? Bieber . Not a fair trade , you say ? ok you can have Miley too . Thank you . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
The US of A 
Rindi cain . You're stupid . And a jerk . Go away . We don't want you anymore . K thanks . (: 
Officially a Senior !! (: 
finishing up packing today , trip to Indiana bright and early tomorrow (: 
Last time I will see the river for three weeks ): 
In Memphis (: 
watching the Goonies (: 
In Missouri , heading home tomorrow (: 
I love having a tic tac toe board drawn on my leg . Thanks uncle rustin . 
Never be sorry for anything that you do 
Summer Cavalier loves you Holli (: . 
Ten feet tall and bullet proof (: 
Naval aviation museum (: 
Just watched a thirteen year old win second place in a twenty car race . Way to go kid ! 
If His mercy is an ocean , we're all sinking 
stupid rain , where were you this morning ? 
Feel like death .. stupid severe heat advisory . Just has to be during band camp 
Just had a 15 year old call me ma'am . Really ? 
4 more hours of my last high school band camp ! 
BHS spirit cards are for sale for ten dollars apiece to support the band , if you want one let me know ! 
I love how people think I'm a sophomore . thanks , guys . 
do we absolutely have to march this morning ? 
There are baby lizards in the school !! 
I'm so proud of my little brother . He got into Burris !! too bad he managed to tick off a sophomore his first day . poor kid . (: 
thanks for all the birthday wishes today ! 
Now a licensed driver (: 
Dude , you need to go find some binness . Goodness . 
Ok , you keep tellin yourself that Haha 
Headed to ole miss (: 
Great game , now back to B-town (: 
Rindi , I think we should get tickets to that game we were talking about earlier (: 
Is the life that you've chosen free from regret ? \ 
Or is what might have been just too hard to forget ? 
3:19 needs to hurry up . Super ready to go to < PROPMALE > with my favorite people (: 
That crackhead just tried to steal my goldfish !! (: 
Heather : leave your books there its not like you're gonna get turtled in the library ... 
Great night tonight with Summer and Faith beating < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > at volleyball !! 
just saw a falling < PROPFEMALE > !! (: 
need some new music :/ 
hi . My name is < PROPFEMALE > and I'm a goofy goober . 
Caileigh is the coolest person ever ! :) 
