Let's hope this year will be better then the last :) <3 

Just saw Narnia and it did NOT suck ! 
TESTING TESTING 
wants to try to become more active on FB . So many things I don't know how to use on here , lol . 0.0 ; 
< PROPFIRST > Courington from our church passed away yesterday . Please keep his family in your prayers . 
I was just brushing my hair a few minutes ago , and literally found one strand of hair that is GOLD . My mom says that means I'm graying already ;~; 
So you want to be really scary for Halloween , and want my advice ? < PROPFEMALE > , don't even think about Dracula or Frankenstein , people already know they're fake . If you really want to give people the creeps , dress up as Lady GagGag or Obama ! Them crazies be real ! 
If you guys are wondering , < PROPFIRST>'s computer is blown , so he hasn't been able to get online , and probably won't for a while . 
I wish people would stop freaking out when I say I'm seventeen and don't have a license >.> 
Haha , first time going to the Monday class without < PROPFIRST > , and I didn't die of awkwardness ! Cool points for me . 
Well my room is finally done , and I'm now moved in ! It looks so cool and coordinated too , like one of those rooms featured in the pamphlets at Home Depot , lol . 
I hate having a PC . My neck always hurts when I sit down at it for more than five minutes . Laptops are so much better because you can lay down in bed and use them , lol . APPRECIATE YOUR LAPTOPS PEOPLE . 
I so can't wait till Thanksgiving ! Having ALL of the family over our house for the first time in ever . So excited ^^ 
Isn't it funny how you eat dinner as a family of six , but when you go do the dishes it looks like dinner with a family of 24 . 
Whenever someone compliments your hair , you start fingering it . Whenever someone compliments your shirt , you start brushing it off . Whenever someone compliments your younger brother/sister , you put your arm around their shoulder and start agreeing . What does this mean ? That we notice somethings worth when someone else points it out . 
Ah , this is a good week . 
Happy birthday to < PROPFIRST > , my dad , and < PROPFEMALE > ! ( yes all on the same day ) 
Is starting to gradually regain interest into the American Music Industry . I stopped listening to the radio around Christmas ' 08 , so I have aloooot to catch up on -.- 
I miss when they used to show < PROPFIRST > Mouse and Goofy on what is supposed to be called \Disney Channel\ " . Now they have all these cheesy kids sitcoms -.-" 
Yay finally a break from school ! Next week's gonna be so exciting , having my mom's WHOLE family ( 8+) and some of my dad's ( 4 ) over for thanksgiving . Gonna be a full house for a couple of days haha . 
Wishes he could've gone to see < PROPMALE > Potter last night . 
THATS MESSED UP . How you gonna have a Mean Girls 2 without the original plastics or < PROPFIRST > ? I am disappoint . 
I think I'll wait till Christmas to eat again . I might blow up if put one more thing in my stomach . 
My Abuelo ( Grandfather ) of 72+ years was baptized last Wednseday . God is good . 
Being sick with a cold sucks . Massive headaches , sore throat , cold sores , stopped nose , eyes burning , etc . I hope this blows over quick -.- 
Its funny how everything tastes like cough medicine when you're sick . 
hug 
Christmas tunes give me an exceptionally big smile . 
Happy 20th Anniversary to my parents ! 
Yo , this is funny .. but will ruin your childhood . ( A long read ) 
Delightful . Tomorrow's forcast is a high 20 degrees . Winter is here :D 
\I whip my hair back and forth ! \ " \ " y u no keep hair still ? \"" 
LOLWUTYAY HEAVY SNOW = :D 
Just went to see < PROPMALE > Potter Deathly Hallows Part 1 and Tron Legacy . Both great movies as a whole , but TERRIBLE endings . 
No texting till next year is like waiting for grass to grow . : < 
Sometimes I don't understand the things parents decide to bring up at the worst times . 
My New Year's Resolution :\ 
1 . ) Survive 2011 
Vlogging looks fun : 0 
And I quote < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Health teacher :\ 
\So I was walking downtown and saw this underaged looking hooker . I went up to her to see how old she was . \ 
Definitely looking foward to the predicted FOUR INCHES OF SNOW THIS AFTERNOON . Oh , how I love the winter . 
And it continues to snow , when the forecast called for rain . TAKE THAT WEATHERMAN . 
It would be really funny if they actually made students go to school on Friday , after having Monday - Thursday off due to the snow . 
I don't care what ever the internet says , I'm still a Libra . 
I hate when you miss a show that you've been waiting all week to see . 
Thinking about going vegetarian for my own health . Idk though , it seems impossible . 
Interwebs < PROPMALE > . 101 : Truth is hidden behind every ' loljk ' 
NEWKIRBYGAME4WIIWUUUUTT <3 brb dying 
Oh .. my .. goodness . BoA in a Hollywood dance movie ?... Great , now my head is all over the wall and floor . 
Random Super Bowl Facts : ( 1 ) Only under 10% of the Super Bowl is actual gameplay . 50% is dedicated to commercials . ( 2 ) More calories are consumed during the Super Bowl then there are websites on the internet . 
Why is it that parents always want to take you places when you're sick , but don't want you to go anywhere any other time ? 
lol , I just received a legit prank phone call . 
Snow is like powdered sugar raining down from Heaven . Its so delightful , gets you hyped , and even fun to eat . But don't stick around it too much , or you'll get sick ! D: 
What up Arby's ? I ordered an Italian Sub from you , and I got Salami and < PROPFEMALE > Peppers wedged between to pieces of bread . NOT cool >.> 
At the Chinese New Year Festival with < PROPFIRST > . So amazing . God , why am I not asian ? 
Rest In Peace , Abuelita - 2/21/10 
Just ordered a Korean Sweater . Yes I did . 
Well , after two years of procrastination , I've finally obtained my Driver's Permit . Look out World ! Here I come . ( Really World , look out . ) 
LOOOOOOOOOOOL . Now I know that these TV Talk Shows are a total fraud . One of our good family friends who has been married to one man for years , was on an Univision Talk Show talking about having an affair with her niece's husband and how her husband was alcoholic and killed himself . The guy is still alive ! 
My heart and thoughts go out to Japan . Please keep them in your prayers . 
Just applied at Great American Cookies and American Eagle . NEW CLOTHES THAT WON'T FIT ME BECAUSE OF THE COOKIES ! WOO ! :D 
You know how in the movies , the guy tries to do laundry and puts a red shirt in the whites , getting a bunch of pink clothes ? Well , I think I'm gonna do that on purpose . 
Just got back from a funeral . Friday is too dreary . Gotta get down on Saturday , Saturday . 
The fact that I'm not Japanese is like a hate crime to my soul . 
Stop prank calling me ! I know it was one of you ! Lol ! 
Oh mah gerdness , another prank call .. from Massachusetts ! 
AH ! Curse you new AT&T Service for being out all day ! My life has no meaning without phone , internet , or television lol ! Oh well I still have Utada & BoA :) 
