haha facebooks awesome XD 

i don't feel so good :/ 
x-men origins is awesome 
dude !!!!! im gonna go see Shinedown !!! 
what a bummer 
you CANNOT beat the original Dragonforce song Through the Fire and Flames XD 
i wanna see a movie 
woah dude its raining XD 
i learned how to make a cyber cookie !!! [: :] 
Looking For Angels 
you've gotta love this weather ! XD 
the Skit Guys are amazing 
grab the cookie !!! [: :] 
searching for new clothes ...... maybe a new hoodie ? 
eets almost friday !!! 
ahhh i love these kind of weekends , you know with the extra day and all ? XD 
timber me shivers XD 
Halloween is over , friends :( but I do love November and December , everyone seems to be a lot happier :) 
music and myspace+facebook 
\What is it that makes us human ? Not something you can program . You can't put it in a chip . It's the strength of the human heart . That's the difference between us and machines . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Connor-Terminator Salvation " 
Rest easy tonight everybody :) 
hmmmmm ....... Super Bowl party anyone ? 
H . O . T . W . I . R . E . hotwire.com! XD 
trying to learn how to play \This Is Halloween\ " on piano ...... harder than it looks :/ " 
theres a little < PROPMALE > that there is no school tomorrow .... 
bout to watch AVP ........... XD 
i can play Through The Fire And Flames !................... on keyboard lol XD 
work soon ..... 
where is my ipod ?! D:< 
AAAAARRRGGGHHH whay must the G chord be so hard ? 
...... im really confused 
this iTunes up date is taking too long ..... 
i ont know what to do today 
well that was quite a weekend ! still wish that i rode on the front of the rollercoaster with a CERTAIN SOMEONE !!! XDDD 
i never really thought fireflies would be a good song ..... man was i wrong ! XD 
well im grounded again :/ when will i learn ? XD 
just finished one of the best books i've ever read 
my leg hurts !! D: 
\Who are the stars ? Who are the stars that lie ? \"" 
how can i tell you just all that you are ? 
dang . its times like these that make me question whether if my friends are really friends ....... besides a couple of people of course 
hey-oh 
God , i need help . 
Seventh Day Slumber concert NEXT FRIDAY !!! cant wait ! XD 
haha ! i will be victorious in this :D 
im seeing way too many people i know going down a bad path . 
and yet another project for my 6th period ..... 
\ ... this is the last night i'll spend alone ... \"" 
i drowned my ipod :( 
hmmm my mind seems to like to piss me off ... 
hmm no wednesday night tonight .... bummer ....... i turn 16 in 3 weeks !!! XDDDDD 
wow this Underoath band is pretty good . and the best part is that its christian XD 
i might get a new phone tomorrow ! XD 
im turning 16 next month !!! ugh its so close ..... 
heeeeeyyy oooohhh 
< PROPFEMALE > was pretty cool 
i just got a new phone XD 
being 16 feels pretty awesome XD thank you everybody for wishing me a happy birthday ! 
ugghh i want to go boating . dang oil . 
and yet another best friend moves away ...... 
thinking thinking thinking 
crash .... crash .... burn :( 
well .... this sucks :(( 
\Destruction leads to a very rough road but it also breeds creation . And earthquakes are to a girls guitar just another good vibration . And tidal waves couldn't save the world from Californication . \"" 
big family reunion today with over 100 people O.O im not gonna know ANYBODY and they're all gonna be related to me ! this is gonna be crazy XD 
i learned a new song on guitar ! XD 
HAAAAANDS ACROSS THE WATER , WATER\ 
HAAAAANDS ACROSS THE SKY 
i cant WAIT until The Deathly Hollows movie comes out ! 
i just figured out how to read tabs ..... this makes guitar playing a LOT easier XD 
playing guitar 
music . guitar . facebook . texting . 
i feel like i dont even have a friend to talk to anymore 
work tomorrow DX 
we i was younger i saw my daddy cry and curse at the wind 
working today ..... im gonna have to miss church D: 
back from work . Panama City was very interesting lol 
i cant believe this ! i like an Eminem song ! how has it come to this ? XDDD lol 
YES !!! i just found a song i haven't heard in FOREVER since i was like 10 years old !! wow it brings back memories .... Pandora Radio is the best XD 
well this sucks my phone wont seem to plug into my computer ... 
well i just want school start now , summer's been so boring to me 
lost my phone :/ 
i am REALLY not liking my parents right now :/ 
the Sum is 41 . Under the Oath . there's a Bucket on his Head ! Play it Cold . the Force of the Dragon . Today is Green . the Prophets are Lost . City of Owls . a Hotel in Tokio . Mars is 30 Seconds away . 
when it comes to music , my favorites change constantly 
okay so The Devil Wears Prada is definetely my favorite screamo band now 
ummm so yeah , my lunch table is awesome XD 
bout to go to work ....... 
i dont wanna go to work !!! DX 
hmmm ... two big mistakes in one week .. 
i swear , sometimes i wish my life was like an owl city song lol 
Ask me anything you want ( only in my inbox of course ) and i will answer it with full honesty . 
:DD i get an electric guitar soon !!! 
i need new pics lol 
it turns out that in order to scream correctly you must use your nasal or something like that . using your throat just hurts 
hangin at sjoerd's 
hangin at sjoerds ... again haha , bout to go to < PROPFIRST>'s party 
what a DELIGHTFUL turn of events :))) 
Engineering : Interview an engineer due whenever , Biology : 50 < PROPFEMALE > notebook due TOMORROW , English : 1000 word essay due THURSDAY . i've only finished one of those things :O 
this halloween is sucking really bad ... 
this cell project is is taking foreverr 
so i'm like starting to listen to other stuff besides just rock now 
im hoping we can make some wishes outta airplanes ... 
whats up with the \why whats ups \"...." 
why wasssup 
god i hate this feeling :/ 
standing on the rooftops , everybody scream you heart out ... 
why do i get depressed so easily ... 
... im stretching but your just out of reach 
< PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows was probably one of the best movies i've been to in a long time :) 
i love those songs that remind you of stuff :p 
Jaylin 
bout to go to Steinhatchee :D 
you seem to be the only thing on my mind ... 
happy thanksgiving everybody :) 
steinhatchee was crazy this year XD 
duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh <----- A Day To Remember XD 
why is everybody putting cartoons as their profile pics lol 
i love listening to songs nobody has heard of XD 
chillin at sjoerd's with < PROPFIRST > 
(* Don't drop your arms ... ) 
this week better go by fast ... 
hardcore < PROPFEMALE > music :DDD 
THE LAST AIRBENDER SUCKS D:< 
i totally got a seafoam green colored electric guitar for christmas :D 
this song never gets old :D 
THEY HAD DRUMS AND GUNS AND GUNS AND DRUMS HUROO ! HUROO ! XD 
im so lost without you ... 
hehe i just purchased an album about zombies XD 
from Muse to Paramore , Owl City to Red Hot Chili Peppers , The Devil Wears Prada to Dropkick Murphys , and Rise Against to Lostprophets . music is amazing XD 
exams ! aaaahhhh ! DX 
MELTDOWN :DDD 
\Being Human\ " is one of the best tv series i've seen in a long time " 
i made like 3 pages of notes for tomorrows quiz in biology lol 
\The Pick of Destiny\ " is a freakin awesome movie " 
dude .. Anberlin needs to come to Florida 
i havent played my electric guitar in foreva 
dude that one dude on American Idol has tourretes ! 
the relay for life thing at escambia was pretty cool 
bout to go to work till 10 ... ugh 
