Happy New Year Everyone 

Back to reality ...... 
I love sun chips :) 
wishing i was going to ECE too ...... :( 
ECE was fun ..... again ! 
Life is to short to wear boring socks 
Well .... My baby sisters getting married , and moving away :( Who wants to live in utah anyway :( 
......................... 
microsoft should not have put rename 1 below delete , this gets me into trouble 
I want to camping , and make a huge bonfire and drink beer around it while eating hotdogs and other various meat products ............... 
I think that the garbage trucks are loud on purpose ... 
Proud to be a white belt .... 
I will never , NEVER eat anything with MSG in it again ..... so sick 
Going to move to a town thats right for me ... got to keep me moving , keep me moving with some energy ... well I talk about it , talk about , talk about , talk about it .... talk about , talk about , talk about moving .... gotta move on ... gotta move on ... 
Why do I bother 
want's to go hiking ... 
enjoys < PROPFEMALE > haw 
What is a seether ... and why can't I fight it ? 
I'm becoming a knitting junkie ..... I wonder if they have a 12 stitch program for that . 
Maybie if i close my eyes and wish real hard it will all go away ... 
Thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day 
Your going to need a bigger boat ....... 
I keep pushing the house button up there , but I'm still at work . I dont think that button works . 
People with super bleached teath look silly ..... 
I hate when the cornflakes on top deflect the milk into a white shower all over the table , does this happen to anyone else ? 
Is addicted to knitting .. I wonder if they have a 12 stitch program for that . 
It's never easy to say goodbye ... 
Hi 
Its an < PROPMALE > day 
10 years of wedded bliss today . I love you < PROPMALE > <3 @jim 
everyone is looking for something and they assume somebody else knows what it is no one can live with the decisions of their own it seems so they look to someone else to tell ' em what to be tell ' em what to wear tell ' em what to say tell ' em how to act and think and compel others compulsively until the world is all like them 
Happy Halloween 
I've lost 11 pounds .... god I miss bread 
I'm not sure my Hair and clothes look like a professional women in her 30's .... I think I smell a makeover coming on !!! :) 
Hooray , back among the living ... or so i'm told . Stupid flu . 
The Hitchcocks promoted to a new belt today ! I almost hyper ventilated and passed out .... what a dork . 
There is no status , only Zuul 
Tis ' the season to go broke .... 
The devil is in the details ... 
I think I'm on a boat ...... 
wrapping gifts on a snowy day ... feelin ' christmasy 
I've lost 14 lbs ! However , this week will be rough .... me thinks some cookies are in order :) 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes :) 
I'm always slightly startled at the smell of Tuna Salad 
Working out should be less like working and more like ... out ... 
down 
Looking foreward to some warmer weather this weekend , spending time with < PROPFEMALE > , and the derby ball 
I still can't move my legs :( 
This weekend I learned I could pull off a victory roll at the last minute , how to dance for hours in heels , and never to eat at < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPMALE > over . 
Sunday's make me sleepy 
It's your world and I'm just a squirrel Trying to get a nut to move your butt 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the entries for your name under comments . 
< PROPMALE > wants a dog ... I have mixed feelings 
I'm actually out of milk and eggs ... that's bullshit 
It's been a long damn week .... 
I am to young to have this much knee pain .... 
So , anyone know what was at 180 degrees ? 
Confucious say \what ? \"" 
Waiting for my FAFSA response , anxious for blue skies and green grass , and hopefully promoting to orange belt this weekend . There facebook , that's what's on my mind .... 
Boom .... Lost 20Lbs ! 
Testing for orange belt tomorrow . Hopefully I don't panic this time ... 
Drawing a blank 
Dear writers of LOST , you have a lot of explaining to do .. please start making sense . I need closure . Love < PROPFEMALE > 
This Saturday morning my husband is jumping into a frozen lake and the Dutchalnd Derby Rollers will be skating their way into my heart that night ... good times ! 
???, ??? ????? 
Go Dutchland !! 
Happy St. Pat's everyone 
Hi facebook , I haven't been on for a week ... what shakin ??? 
Sorry facebook ... life tookover . I have no time for you :( 
Going to pittsburgh this weekend , Atlantic City next weekend , then Canada ..... sheesh I love it ! 
got the official word today ... I am made it into Penn State ! 
Just got home from seeing Flogging < PROPFEMALE > in AC and eating Geno's for lunch ... its been a good day !! 
I can't freekin wait for the weekend huzzah !!! 
I'm making bacon for dinner .. mmmmmmmmbacon 
I just had the most amazing , out of body weekend ... thats the only way I can describe it . 
Hopefully promoting to blue belt this weekend ... jim promoting to brown . I forsee random acts of ninja on the horizon . 
I could eat a mountain of chocolate right now ... 
I really need to step back a breathe a little bit ... 
Formulating a list of all the awesome things i want to do this summer before college officially begins this fall ..... 
Dammit , this Red Bull better give me wings cause it tastes terrible . 
Camp Awesome .. Population 6 
WFTDA Says : Dutchland Derby Girls take a giant leap from spot #12 to spot #8 . Way to go ladies Xoxo 
My son is turning 9 on Sunday , it's bittersweet . 
has a case of the mondays ... 
love's it when a project impresses her boss :) 
I have a toothache ... its hurts lots . 
Who gets a zit on their upper lip , I mean come on .... really 
Note to self ... Do not apply lotion with benzoyal peroxide under your eyes . Don't know why I did it , pretty sure I won't do it again ... once the swelling goes down . I must of had a brain tumor for breakfast . 
Vacation in 3 weeks , Can't wait ! 
HI 
is in the market for a laptop for school ! 
had the best 4th of July Weekend ever ! 
Last night I saw an episode of < PROPMALE > of the Hill in which < PROPFEMALE > Hill , participates , buys , and then re-sells a rollers derby team . ( Banked Track ) Small triumph for the sport ... 
48 Hours until Vacation ........... Not that I'm counting :) 
is leaving for vacation tomorrow . If you need me , i'll be on the beach with my sookie stackhouse book . <3 
found out she's pretty good at flip cup last night :) 
I'm starting school in t-minus 25 days , and it's scaring the crap out of me ... 
A full nights sleep would be really awesome 
has spent the last 2 nights trying to figure out how to operate a laptop with windows 7 . 2 weeks until school starts ....... 
I'm ready for fall ... 
I haven't been on Roller Skates in a long time and I miss it * Sigh * 
Chasing the fictional dangling carrot and impressing the “they’s” 
Bored with interwebs ... 
My first day of school ! 
is playing on face-book instead of doing homework .... shhhh 
is it so hard to follow directions ... really , really 
thinks she understands why V= 25 
. 
is doing homework ... again 
just got the highest grade ever on her Algebra Quiz .. 9/10 HELL YEAH 
Happy Halloween Everyone ! 
thinks bing is stupid 
Does anyone know where I can buy large wonderfully decorated gingerbread men to give as Christmas gifts ? 
Whole live lobster for thanksgiving ..... hell yeah I'm thankful 
I got a B in Algebra !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have the rest of the week off Yay ! 
Thank you for the Birthday Wishes <3 
So I got stuck on the side of the road today attempting to go up a giant snow covered hill . The kicker is a guy stopped right next to me , got out of his truck , smiled at me and locked in his 4 wheel drive and drove away . I hate that guy .... 
If I ever meet old man winter , I am going to kick him square in the nuts . 
