I'm still recovering from a terrifying < PROPFEMALE > attack with < PROPFEMALE > Lenius ... 

I drove today ! Aiiiiii ! 
Drove again , saw a possum , didn't hit it , went twice as far or more , parked , drove some more . Better this time . 
I love possums ! 
By golly , it IS snowing ! 
I feel a wee bit caged today . Gah . 
OH MAN ! Dragon Age just released the character creator ! Can't wait more than ever now ! 
Uggghhh .... I need caffeine or something . 
:D 
You can't trust anybody . 
dan-DELL-ee-owns . Yeah . 
Uuuughhh .... math , why must you elude me !?!?! I hate long division , especially with polynomials . Factoring polynomials is pretty fun though . 
* Shakes fist at world * 
AAAAGGGGHHHHHHH !!!!!! Why is everyone ... the way they are .... doing what they do . I wish I could just jump ahead in time and everyone else will be more mature in my generation ... or maybe that time will never come . Maybe I am the weird one . I wish I could just fast forward and be married or something . I don't know . 21 sucks . 
Oh my god . Onion chips from White Castle are the best food in existence . Go see for yourself . I'm melting . 
Uh oh ... only 3 days to Halloween and I am at square one . That is , no costume or definite plan of action ... things are turning out to be a passing out < PROPFEMALE > year . Could be worse . 
Sooooooooo boreeeeeedddddddddddd 
Walking in the rain at night with < PROPFEMALE > = Awesome ; needing a biffy half way through , none to be found = not so much . Lol 
So , my mom was saying , if you don't pick out a costume soon , you're going to end up wearing a sheet with holes cut in it . She's very astute . :D Cheers to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for a fun party ! 
Oh man ... I ignited my hair at the dinner table . :( Burnt hair smell is the worst . 
I just got Dragon Age ( late , but w/e ) so you know what that means ... hours and hours of nerding it up time !!! * Does a happy dance * 
I am a mix of frustrated , disgusted , content , excited , antsy , and philosophical at the moment , but mostly sleepy . Good night facebookers . 
DOG GONE IT ! I hate sad endings !!! Way to make my day ... grr . 
Ooh ho ho ho ho ! 
I need a game friend . So , one of you start playing video games or tell me about someone who does ! No one understands ! lol 
I don't know what I believe , really , but in the same way one believes in ghosts and demons out of fear , I think I believe in Providence out of love and perhaps misplaced credit for luck ... but maybe not , something to ponder . 
Some of a ... aaaagggh !!!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK Hair dye you are my enemy ! 
Hmmm ... what to do today ? 
Whoa , I don't know about you guys , but I had one hell of a kick off for 2011 . Wooo 
First of all , Dragon Age - Awakening coming out in May , can't wait . At all . 
Second , in your own words , complete this statement : Perfection is ... 
http://www.dragonagejourneys.com/ 
Budgies , budgies ! My room sounds like a jungle now ! Waterfall + birdsong = good noise 
I am outraged , my facebook friends ! What is this world coming to ?! Is there no limit to what is moral and acceptable anymore !?!?!??! I guess not . 
Waxing gibbous ! 
If anyone knows anything about database engines ( like MS SQL Express , etc ) let me know ! I can't get it to install . 
Gastrocnemius ! 
NOOOOOOOO I saw my first wasp today !!!!!!! 
HAPPY ( BELATED ) EASTER FRIENDS AND FAMILY !!! 
Cats > Dogs , deal with it . 
Storms this week ! Yay !!!! 
I'm so proud of myself . I installed a new power supply on my pc all by myself . Yay ! Only trouble , it doesn't have a small format connector so no floppy drive for me . Oh well . 
Oh ! How adorable ! I was playing frog calls online , and watching to see how Froggerel would respond , and he turned towards the computer and talked back !!! :O I am sooo cuted out right now . 
MMMM ! It feels soooo good to get stuff done ! The less you have to do on your to do list the better . Aaah . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! * virtual bra throw at < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > * 
bar go-er : hey , can i get an < PROPFEMALE>'s long and dirty ice tea ? \ 
\ 
bartender : sorry we don't serve those here , they're too intensely fantastic for a public venue such as this . 
Word of advice : Don't attempt to wash stuffed pillows in the wash machine . Trust me . 
I neeeeeed caaaffffeeeeiiiiinnneeeee ! 
Damn PETA . I say to myself , alright , maybe I was mistaken before about PETA and misunderstood something they said or did , so let's give this another shot . Afterall , I am a < PROPMALE > supporter of animal welfare , and I whole-heartedly support the ASPCA . But nope . PETA people are douche bags . PETA goes way too far , for one , and furthermore they have to be self-righteous snobs about it . Fuck you PETA . Fuck you so much ! 
Jedi can't fly . 
Ugh , today is a bad day . Fuck . 
Pizza butt has gross pepperonis but these breadsticks are quite tasty ! I <3 breadsticks . 
Wow . Just ? because I love dogs doesn't mean I want to taste them in my burps . 
... 
Dudes , today was so nice out ! Brought my Maymay out and ate some grill food , and < PROPFEMALE > the super cute neighbor half wolf came by to visit ... plus our robins are getting brave and hopping near by ... yep , awesome times . 
I love how when you have no more active requests on facebook , it says \Find more friends \"." 
Goin ' down to taco town ! That is Taco Hell with < PROPFEMALE > . Deuces ! Lol 
Period piece movies are just never as good as the novel ... I have yet to find one movie that is even comparable to the book . It's not just that they cut content , they take liberties with the moods of the book as well as changing content itself to be more \exciting\ " . The books became classics because they are already awesome . I don't see why they would feel the need to change gold . How very disappointing . :( " 
< PROPFEMALE > nataka kujifunza lugha . 
Oh man . I am soooo bored . That is all . 
Agh , sick ! So I am going to sleep , when my cat comes in carrying this huge thing in her mouth ... she's meowing with it still in her mouth . I turn on the lights , thinking , oh shit what is this ... What was it , you ask ? A freakin ' chicken wing . She's munching on a chicken wing . 
Where is everybody !? We are bored . Entertain us please . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > say , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a fine old man . 
My status should be something better , here , awesome status ! Check . 
FrontierVille is full of inuendos if you pay attention . 
AGH ! Freakin have to change all my passwords . Wtf hackers . Wtf . 
Duluf , Duluf , Duluf is on fire ! 
Just got home . Whoa . 
Evil thoughts don't make you a bad person , nor do good intentions make you a good person . 
Coffee is my co-pilot . 
My new zoo list : \ 
< PROPFEMALE > moth\ 
black panther\ 
Big-Belly Seahorse\ 
South American Marmoset\ 
Kudu\ 
Duck\ 
water moccasin 
Captain's Log , Stardate 787639.6 \ 
I just wanted to say that . That is all .... engage ! 
That chicken is a wanka ! 
St. < PROPFIRST > Main for fireworks and people watching ... troop of half naked cyclists shouting \no pants\ " ... and that's about it . Ho hum . " 
Oh geez , those girls are crazy ! And they make me act crazy ! hahahah or is it the other way around ? hahahahah 
My cats are dogs . Two drink out of the toilet , one scoots . Yay . -_- 
If anyone has the clearing quest for < PROPFIRST > in Fville , I have several thorns , cacti , and skulls on my property ! Leave a tool if you stop by , mmmmm < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Damn , damn , damn . I guess it's off to the vet ... Smeetsy is having seizures or something . :( 
Wooo !! Storm ! ( Or at least a little rain and thunder ) 
Added more flairs , you may recognize a few ... my family ! ( Well , my immediate fam . ) 
Oh noes I broke < PROPFEMALE>'s phone ! :( Damn my crazy jumpings in water without checking my pockets ! Sorries ! 
Cleanin ' house . Bye bye facebook ! 
Okay , so it wasn't really half off ... but I saved 20 bucks which is fine . I guess . I needed groceries anyways . 
Hercules in New York . Google it . 
Bizarre fact : Some , but not all cats , give me hives . Why why why ??? < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > give me hives , but no other cat ever has . * itch itch itch * 
During the reign of < PROPFIRST > the Great , any Russian nobleman who wore a beard had to pay a special beard tax . 
My parakeets are making out hard core . Lol 
You know you're addicted to Oblivion when : 
Hi , you have reached < PROPFEMALE>'s facebook . She is not here at the moment , and won't be back for two weeks starting at 6 am on Wednesday the 27th . Leave a message , beeeeeep . 
Ooooohhh ... we are sneaking into a hotel to use their inchernets ! We are in Hot Springs , SD ... we have sun burns ... getting some wood ... yeah ... we have lots to talk about and pictures to share when we come home . Brace yourself for slideshows and what not ... ;) 
I'M HOME !!!!!! I will never leave again ! Okay ... I will ... but ... later ... much later .... * hugs cats and kisses bed and throws junk in a pile to deal with later ... * 
Men in tights ... 
Trip highlights : Rattlesnake rattle , caves , gravel roads in Black Hills , bear city , prizzle dizzles and the like , Cascade Falls ... 
Mom's birthday today , the 5th ! If she had a fb I could post hb there ... * shakes fist * Get with the times woman ! Hahah just kidding ... or am I ? 
' song of the week : Everlong , Foo Fighters 
On the list of the things I'm most scared of , fish are moving on down the list ! * Hugs a fish * Surprisingly , a fish nibbling on me has the opposite effect than you would expect . 
Babies are scary looking ... their irises are too big for their eyes ... they are alien looking . 
Oooh oooh oooh a storm's a brewin'!! Eeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!! 
AAHHH School is on Monday !!! It sneaks up on ya !! 
omgomgomgomg march 8th ! can't wait !!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is 10 ( as of the 20th ) !!! Happy birthday li'l man ! ( And as I recall , Scooter and < PROPMALE > will be 11 now ! HB girls ! ) 
News updates : First day at Normy . Really crowded place , really ! Parking and hallways are atrocious , but the campus is pleasant and modern ... unlike ghetto ass MCTC ... I like it so far . And I pierced my nose . So that's fun . And that's about it . Yup . 
* Sniffle sniffle , sneeze , ouch * Damnations , a cold ! 
Week 1 done . Woo 
Gaahhh freakin math . Supposed to be an on campus course , so why must a spend so much time online doing math ?! mumble grumble 
Oh weird , there is a like box on profiles now 
There , I believe I am caught up with the posting of photos . It's practically a narrative of my summer there , for your visual pleasure . Hah . 
Ah , freakin ' < PROPFIRST > in Real Life .... if not for < PROPMALE > Carell ... well , that's one movie I wouldn't have finished . 
AGGGHHH !!! My internets are broken . For whatever reason , I can't get a connection on my computer . Everything was fine until this past weekend , when suddenly I get the little red X on my connection icon in the taskbar . If you know anything about fixing wireless connections , help a sista out ! I have HW to do among other things ... * pulls out hair * 
Ah geez ... better catch some zzzs ... got a bunch of work in the near future ... and by work I mean school ... < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well . Witchhunt was not as good as it should have been . I am sad . And now I want to play DA2 more than ever . Damn . ME2 better be good or I will be quite game-less until next spring . 
So yeah , no internet for a while . Be back when it does . 
Who may be said to have had the largest family in the world ? < PROPFIRST > Washington ! For he was father of his country ! 
I'M BACK ! Modem came today ! Woooo and ooooo . 
Not quite Halloween , but it's time for my Halloween prof pic . Boo . 
A snake juiced on me today ... it smelled like a dead animal . :P At least I got some pictures with it before letting him slither away . 
2 hours for one HW assignment . Kill me now ! I have 6 more to go ! 
We owned those functions with their domains and ranges ... like ... whoa 
The dog park was beyond beautiful today . I wish I had a log cabin in there , I'd never leave my back yard . 
Agh . My brain is confused . I'm not sure whether to be happy or sad . Got reasons for both , but they are sort of overriding each other ... the result is feeling antsy and restless . Calls for a fist shaking . 
Cedar Creek in the morning . Bog time ! 
He aint heavy , he's my brother 
Anything fun going on this Halloween ? 
WacArnolds ! Rofl 
Oooh this rain is lovely 
Squirrel in the porch . omg so cute . 
Downhill skiing archery is hardcore badassery 
\One of the hardest parts of wildlife rehab is seeing injured animals die or needing to euthanize animals due to the severity of their injuries . \ 
Also . Waiting to the last minute to do 10-15 hours worth of homework is not all it's cracked up to be . 
Damn , damn , damn . 
Okay , so if you want to see Malaysia again , you might want to do so sooner than later . Realistically , things look ... well , not so good . :'( Hopefully I am wrong . 
I'm not so sure about this Veteran's day hype ... I mean , I am glad they get a day , but really , the hype is a bit much . Defenders of freedom ? Really ? I mean , thanks for volunteering , it's appreciated , but soldiers aren't heroes just because they enlisted . 
Unless you're dying and need to get to the hospital , don't go outside , it's zombie apocalypse out there . 
Gooooooood moooorrnnnnniiinnnggggggg 
Blasted hiccups ! * Shakes fist at them * 
Comcast , go suck a lemon you jerk face . 
Aiaiai that stove has issues ... two foot tall flames ... pssssh 
Semiconductor HOLDRs = SMH 
What's your favorite article of clothing , or shoes , or whatever ? Mine ? This gray sweater I just bought . >:) 
I's soooooo lovely out ! It felt like a trek in the tundra ! I looove blizzards !! 
<3 < PROPMALE > Kamakawiwo'ole - Somewhere Over The Rainbow <3 
Dammmnnnnnnn I so hate malware and viruses and all that evil stuff . Don't you wish you could just get a hold of these bastards , making this shit ? Oooooh I would punch a bitch ! .. to say the least . 
Song of the week -> Little lion man , Mumford & Sons 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas friends and family ! Not feeling < PROPFEMALE > ? Here , have some of my < PROPFEMALE > -ness , I have plenty to go around ! Cheers ! :D 
Minnesota ? You know why the Goa'uld hunt us ? It's Minnesota . That's why . 
I think I'm dysfunctional . I actually like paying bills . 
Oh shit ! There's a < PROPFIRST > flipped over under the bridge surrounded by 4 squads , one undercover , and a firetruck ... drama ! 
Oh noes ... my < PROPFEMALE > bird died ... poor Hatebeak , all by his lonesome ... i_i 
\GOP takes charge : New Speaker Boehner leads House\ " Rofl ... Boehner ... " 
Uh uh , no way , not about to get moshed . I'm going upstairs . 
If you had any superpower , what would it be , and why ? ( I'm bored . Indulge me . ) 
has joined the ' people suck bandwagon ' . 
Oh god , not Dr. Frasier ... wahhh ... < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Hahaha it's hilarious that my fish snack on their fallen comrades . Saves the deceased a funeral via flush , and provides a nutritious afternoon snack ! Lol 
I really wish things like < PROPMALE > successes in various charities , stories of lives saved , and stories of progress in things like .. recycling and preservation ... made the front < PROPFEMALE > . WTF , I don't want to know that some doctor killed countless babies with scissors ... or that by 2014 we will be forced to buy govt insurance if we don't have private insurance ... Ah , lesson of the day , don't read the news . 
So .. my comp is middle aged at best ... if any of you kind folks know any tricks to get it running faster , I'm all ears ! * waits patiently for assistance * 
Hahahaha it's snowing again . 
OH . MY . GOD . We have been wondering how turds end up feet from the cat box on as regular basis . < PROPMALE > has projectile feces . Not even kidding a little bit . It was like a pea shooter in there . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > as my witnesses . 
Holy crap I just had so many dreams ... crashing a party for the Clintons on a yacht , skydiving out the bathroom window of a skyscraper ( and landing on said party boat ) , witnessing a shootout , climbing a really tall tree with an old timey cop , watching a crazy stargate story unfurl , wrangling giant rats/cats ... that's just what I can remember . Fun times . 
Fffffffffff ...... Well , my first surgery is coming up ! Is it weird that I am excited about it ? Also . I'll be broke as hell for the next year in related medical news . 
Alright , what the hell . I hate llamas now . 
I am concerned . Skyrim's plot sounds incredibly familiar ... a monarch is assassinated and an evil god threatens the world in troubles times . If I start the game in a prison I will be just pouty . 
Rumor has it they are making a MacGyver movie ... 
One month isn't so long to wait , is it ? Damn it , what to do in the meantime . 
Yay ! Two more keets in my aviary ! A turquoise one with a yellow face and a canary yellow one with pink eyes ! I think one more should complete the flock . Preferably a girl . 
< PROPFEMALE > looks like a murderer 
FINALLY got my Civ IV game today ! It's the complete addition , so no need to get the expansion packs ! Woo ... just one more turn ... 
Coincidentally , I was seated at the table with the Higgins family crest . What are the odds . 
This is gonna be a sweet year ! Two planned vacations make it all the sweeter ! Of course there is the downside of having to have all this dental crap done , but I stand optimistic that it will be awesome despite it . Woo 
Finally . No download should take 10.5 hours . 
I will never eat < PROPFEMALE > hearts again . They have traumatized me . 
I have good guardian angels . Or I am lucky . 
Black & White 2 :D 
Getting a new stove is serious business . 
I have two things to post , first a comment then a question . \ 
First . Smeets walked in and made a point to catch my attention to show me her prize , a stolen piece of chicken , and then she proceeded to eat it . That cat has gall . \ 
Second . Does anyone have any suggestion for spring break vacation ? I like natural places , and am on a budget . Preferably somewhere green and wet . 
WOOOOO ! Guess who's going to the Caribbean this month ? No , really , guess . 
Installing now ... eeeeeeeeeeee 
DAMN IT ANDERS !!!! DAMN YOU !!!! 
Now that my Dragon Age II wait is over , I can appropriately commence the \EEEEEEE I am going to the Carribbean !!!!!!! \ " Time to burn some nautical tunes and bust out my summer wardrobe ! " 
Ahhhh !!!!! It's so nice out !!! Every year I forget how lovely the spring is ... I almost want to go bask in the sun in a t-shirt on top of the snow . Eeeeee !!!!! 
Is it just me , or has facebook gotten particularly dull these last couple months ? 
Rain ! 
Officially springtime ! Woo ! Also , I have changed my mind , < PROPFIRST > is adorable . 
is way the eff checked out . 
needs to get out of here . Night walk it is . 
Adios people ! Be back Monday . 
I'm home ! How I have missed it . Even if my thermostat ran out of batteries and it's 55 degrees in my house . And our cats sabotaged our bedrooms in lonely rage . Also , Minnesotans really are nicer . 
Should I do something for my birthday ? I am not very motivated , but then again ... I'll have to wait a whole year if I don't do anything . If anybody has any suggestions , let me know . Either tonight or tomorrow night . 
Ack ! My face is all slimey . I got frog on my face ! 
The arrival of spring feels like I just drank 5 cups of coffee ! Eeeeeee 
... one lost hour and four lost wisdom teeth later ... 
is inspired to finally finish that remodeling project she started over a year ago . 
is sad because I can't go to party ... < PROPFEMALE > says so . Since I can't drink . Booooo Booooooo 
Whatever happened to April showers ??? * is frustrated * 
Yaaaahhh I'm a good healer . :) 
Fun day ! Found some bizarre things down where the Mississippi meets the Minnesota River .. had a nice fire ... there was a massive tepee down there .. some huge bird eggs ... quicksand .. fun times . 
I am planning a party , and I want to know which day of the week is the most available . The initial plan was next Friday but that doesn't seem like it's going to work , so post what day would be best and I'll work around them . Ideally next week sometime . Mmkay thanks :D 
Crap it all . Agh . 
is declaring a blood feud on these ants . It begins by eliminating their food sources in my bedroom ... crumbs beware ! 
