Just got done with CQ duty , thank god !!! 

I am soooo dieing of boredom . T_T 
O.o wow a lot of these quizzes hit to close to home T_T 
I am back on Global MS !!!! Mardia FTW !!!! <3 
lol thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday now if only god would make korean winters warmer :P 
back on city of villians global id- @duespo 
just got done watching the worst 30 < PROPFEMALE > . of his life !! Screw Avatar and death to nature-loving , eco-harmonious , wise Braveheart smurf warriors !!! 
just got done watching the worst 30 < PROPFEMALE > . of his life !! Screw Avatar and death to all nature-loving , eco-harmonious , wise Braveheart smurf warriors !!! 
is glad for the Savior < PROPFEMALE > Claus who , in His Omnipotence , knows which childeren are bad and good and we are all bad !! But the Blood of the Reindeer shed on the Christmas Tree cleanses and purifies us while < PROPMALE > leads the 3 Wise Men to the North Pole with his Red Nose . 
was raised today !! It was awesome ! 
has a new dumbass vid up XD 
is wishing everyone a happy new year 
loves anti-flag <3<3<3 
has another snowstorm coming in 4 hours XDXDXD 
spent all dam day shoveling snow !! Grrrrrr I'm begining to dislike snow a great deal . T_T 
has 1 more day then off for the weekend !!! 
\\????\\?= (•??)= ? / ???? /' ? ' ? ? This Is The TERMINATOR . His mission is to KILL < PROPMALE > . copy and paste him pow pow die < PROPMALE > die u cunt !! 
has just one more day till my 4 day .... thank god . 
is beginning his long weekend ..... thank god !! T_T 
why is everyone i see have smirnoff as their alcohol ? 
burned up a 1.3 million dollar piece of equipment today !! 
was rewarded for his actions yesterday concerning the bradley .... it was kinda embarrassing T_T 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations , raising $57 million ! 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this . 
got juicys calling him now and wanting to visit w/ them ! wow wtf !! 
I called it bitches !!! Saints would win while I was in South Korea !! 
A Veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to ' The United States of < PROPFEMALE>' , for an amount ' up to , and including their life ' . That is honor , and there are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact ! Copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom ! 
haha raptor jesus ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_xHtWTCF74&feature=player_embedded 
is just listening to < PROPMALE > trahan and < PROPMALE > toups ... god i miss louisiana culture !! 
getting his hard drives clean and ready for gunnery .... 
President Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011 . This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ! Nice to know that during a time of rampant inflation , while war is fought in 2 theatres , our men and women in uniform get A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS !!! Please repost if you support our troops . 
Found a way to listen to < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > out in South Korea !!! 
wow no laptop and no talking to a friend until this is all over .... this is gonna get annoying real quick 
to my friends that are worried , dont be i just gotta get some business that i was waiting on taken care of .... 
Got my laptop back and im good just like i said i was >.> but now i cant talk to my friend anymore ..... and i think my internet is being bugged o.o 
Getting ready to head out for over a month ... see ya'll when i get back 
I never forget best friends and i have no intention of forgetting those that matter . 
is finally back from gunnery and my A.I.P. got approved !! 
got the weekend off and thanks to my friends for welcoming me back <3 
doesnt wanna pt tomorrow ... sick call ? 
Someone buy 1SG a GPS .... I think he was lost !! lol 
Note to self- I SUCK at painting CPs !!! 
wow glad were informed like 30 minutes prior by our nco wheneveryone else knew 3 hours ago about an inspection ..... 
got another battalion coin but this time from the sergeant < PROPMALE > that caught us in the ville last week lol 
just realized im promotable now .... where did the time go ?? 
Note to self- Always , Always , Always store ur driver install setups somewhere >.> 
Wow could they have made an OS any more dumbed down for idiots than Windows 7 ??? 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , supposedly we have a 1800 1sg inspection today - 4 May 2010 
Who else remembers the 90's < PROPFEMALE > of music called the \Buzz Cuts \"?" 
Free St. < PROPFIRST > !!!!! How can you do that to a good ole fashion cajun ??? 
Discovered that I need to work on my back flip ....... 
didnt want to wake up ...... dam u early birds >.> 
still got 2 days off 
is watching old episodes of MTV's Liquid Television . 
just got done watching the new nightmare on elm street and i gotta say it is a very good remake . 
Do I gotta run tomorrow ....... 
is so fucking bored ........ 
wow its raining and i was gonna fix a support roller ....... ummmm not anymore lol 
why in the hell does destinyms need a 3 week rollback for something that happened like 4 days ago ? o.o 
Saturday- Soyusan Mt . climbing 1,000 won 14:00 leaving the barracks get w/ < PROPFEMALE > line team if you wanna come 
If it'd been me stealing the sun , I wouldn't have given it to the humans to keep them warm . I'd have drowned it in the ocean and started buying the humans ' souls by selling them fire . 
6 hours later and were back from Soyosan Mt . Range ....... ow , ow , ow my feet 
If Obama is the answer then the question was stupid !!! 
Goin see a nationalization ceremony for one of my old AIT classmates ! Congratulations Garcia !! 
You ain't livin ' if you ain't HIVin'!! 
Soyosan Mt . Hike - Saturday 10:00 - 1,000 won - See any < PROPFEMALE > line team member for more info 
is getting ready to leave for the Soyosan Mts . again 
just got done climbing Soyosan again and i think the popping in my knees is my body's version of pmcs telling me their going out lol 
10 of 21 vids uploaded ! I'll finish tomorrow lol 
The videos are all done ...... now i gotta start on the photos . 
Got all the pictures up just need to add captions now lol 
5 more days then a 4 day !!!!! 
4 day weekend ...... now i just need my money >_> 
Punk is NOT < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne or Simple Plan for fuck's sake ! 
New plan ..... NEVER EVER let the CO get involved in our PT sessions ....... 
actually got a blister from this morning's ruck march ...... holy shit o_O 
It's unbelievable to watch the system crumble -Anti-Flag 
GOD DAM RAIN !!!! I wanted to climb up Seoraksan today !!!! :'( 
Gotta <3 free Tagalog < PROPFEMALE > Stone ;D 
OMG just to say Hi in Tagalog is like 18 fricking syllables long !!! This is gonna take a while ........ 
Today I learnt that \Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia\ " \ 
Corruption , not oppresiveness , is what allows a government to fall . Without corruption , people wouldn't turn a blind eye when they see someone performing illegal acts . 
Why in the hell does 24 hour CQ feel like 3 days ???? 
Manchu Mile coming up Y ?! oh lord Y !!?? 
38 hours left .......... 
Woot ! off till Manchu Mile ! 
Is it really so wrong to want to make a \cocaine\ " profile so you can use the BFF app ?? " 
Heading out for the Manchu Mile ....... see all ya'll tomorrow ..... maybe !! haha 
wow the manchu monster got me on this \Mile\ " but I no where i went wrong so I'll be plotting for the next 1 in 6 months " 
is in lots of pain but it's ok ....... I got lots of soju <3 
oh ye baby dislike button ftw !! 
is uploading the vids from the Manchu Mile . 
finally got done uploading videos ...... thank god ! 
Of for fuck's sake people !!! FB will NEVER become a pay site !!! They make money off of the ads I'm forced to look at every god dam time i log on !! 
It's my FB and I can bitch at general stupidity if I want to :P ( which i do ) 
is going home on emergency leave . R.I.P. MawMaw < PROPMALE > :'( 
will be back in New Orleans at 830 pm on July 1st Thursday . 
gettin ready to head down to Incheon Airport . 
Back to the airport , let's try this shit again ............ 
Mosquitoes , hot weather , no public transit system ...... gotta love Louisiana .... 
Back in south korea ...... thank god 
Y do ppl sign up to my scribd account ?? i only opened it cuz i had to steal a book download o_O 
The very threads of existence must be torn asunder , then burned , then the ashes scattered , until all is nothing and no one exists to remember existence . 
Wow , I just spent like 30 minutes cleaning out all my Apps . I really spend to much time on FB .... 
Headed to my friend's house ... if anyone dies or goes to jail , I WASN'T there !!! ? 
You ever try thinking of a song that you know the rhythm for for about 10 < PROPFEMALE > . then you realize there is NO song ...... there just should be ... 
Fact- Living in your own waste for 3 years on a synthetic fiber couch , in a humid environment , causes your flesh to actually fuse to the couch fibers ..... ye maybe you should get out the house and excercise fat ass ! 
If I just leave my FB on cuz the warm glow comforts me , is that a < PROPMALE > problem ? o_O haha 
OK FB friends , Your goal is to help me find somewhere that sells acutal gold that I can physically hold in my hand and NOT have the company store it in some bank !! 
-General Notice- Facebook will NOT allow you to make a < PROPFEMALE > that includes the phrase \selective genocide \"" 
I was shocked when I realized \woman\ " spelled backwards is \ " kitchen \"." 
-Status Space For Rent- 
2 MRE crackers in 2 < PROPFEMALE > w/ no water ? i refuse to believe its really that dam hard come on ppl i need crackers to prove this !!! 
Wants to share this with my Louisiana FB fam ... Starting Aug 1st state troopers will write tickets for 5 < PROPMALE > over the speed limit !!!! The goal 4 them is 9 million n 30 days . Please tell everyone .. a friend posted this ... figured I'd repost ... so do the same !!! Better to be safe than ... sorry ! 
People just because my messengers are on DOES NOT mean I'm at my computer . 
Playing DestinyMS - DuesPo 
Is there a special place in hell for cops that murder ppl ? I sure hope so cuz my friend didn't kill himself ..... 
Time to start planning the Seoraksan Mt . trip .... A team , you better start saving your goddam won !!! 
.... wow , i have a stalker who monitors my post times on fb ... i dont no if i should be honored or kinda feel pity for them .... 
Ummm , I'm not a teen or middle aged woman but can I still be in the 3% group telling < PROPFIRST > Cullen to \do a flip you sparkly bitch !! \ " when he jumps off a skyscraper ??? o_O " 
wow this had to have been 1 of the top 5 longest weeks of my life .... 
wow , where does everyone get this idea that the army OWES you your off-time if someone fucks up ? the army owes u shit ..... deal with it 
BRO\ 
Code , Article 37- A Bro is under no obligation to open the door for \ 
anyone . If women insist on having their own professional basketball \ 
league , then they can open their own doors . Honestly , they're not that \ 
heavy . 
Bro Code , Article 97- Bros shall go camping once a year , or at least attempt to start a fire . ( Note-Attempt to start a fire outside . ) 
Bro Code , Article 59 - A Bro must always post bail for another Bro , unless it's out of state , or , like , crazy expensive . ( Crazy Expensive Bail > \Years you've been Bros\ " x $100 ) " 
Bro Code , Article 41- A Bro never cries . ( Exceptions- Field of Dreams , E.T. , or watching a sports legend retire *) \*-Applies only to the first time he retires \"" 
Bro Code , Article 36 DD- When in the company of women , a Bro always decries fake breasts . 
Bro Code , Article 87 - A Bro never questions another Bro's stated golf score , maximum bench press , or height . He can , however , ask the Bro to prove it , traditionally in the form of a wager . 
Wow , just watched the lamest \scientific\ " warrior show \ " Deadliest Warrior\ " . I forgot how when running tests you base the winner of shooting accuracy on an ex-Spetsnaz vs . a fucking historian . " 
Bro Code , Article 91 - If a group of Bros suspect that their Bro is trying to give himself a nickname , they shall rally to call him by an adjacent yet more demeaning nickname . Example - \Buck\ " = \ " Bucktooth \"" 
Bro Code , Article 81 - A Bro leaves the toilet seat up for his Bros . 
133t 5l*34l < 15 l\\l()+ ( 001 50 l = l_l(l < ll\\l6 5+0l* !!!!! 
ATTENTION FAT PEOPLE !!! I'm here to save you all with an easy to follow diet plan . Step 1 . Drink Sterno . Step 2 . Die 
Bro Code , Article 95 - A Bro shall alert another Bro to the presence of a chesty woman , regardless of whether or not he knows the Bro . Such alerts may NOT be administered verbally . 
Bro Code , Article 101 - If a Bro asks another Bro to keep a secret , he shall take that secret to his grave . * That is what makes them Bros , not chicks . 
Well , \ 
we're all on alert for this super horrible \tropical cyclone\ " .... ye i \ 
Wth , E 302 makes me get all kinds of stuff over-prepared ( even tho the southern people KNEW nothing was coming ) and then when it doesn't , they thank us by \Work Call 13:00 \ " ye .... douches " 
Bro Code , Article 103 - A Bro never wears socks with sandals . He commits to one cohesive footgear plan and sticks with it . 
< PROPMALE > your so lucky I almost posted your pic on US Army WTF !!! lol 
Bro Code , Article 112 - A bro doesn't sing along to music in a bar . \Exception - A Bro may participate in karaoke . \ " \"\" Exception to Exception - No Chick Song \"\"" 
Bro Code , Article 125 - If a Bro is driving ahead of another Bro in a Bro Train , he is required to attempt to lose him in traffic as a funny joke . 
Please copy and paste this to your staus if you have been affected by , or know someone who needs a punch in the face .. people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many , sadly there is no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face ... except a punch in the face ... But we .... CAN raise awareness ... 93% of people won ' ... t re-post this ... they of course , need a punch in the face . 
Just got the fan-made copy of the sequal to Chrono Trigger , CT Crimson Echoes ... Im gonna be indisposed of till it's beat .... 
Aaaah shit , just found out the CT PAR codes work for the fan-made CT Flames of Eternity ..... >:) 
Wow , just found out that during the Korean war 1 out of 6 koreans died . That's the equivalent of 28 States of the USA just being shot dead ...... over half our country wiped out ! Really puts the Korean War into perspective for you ..... 
Finally a windows vista x32 w/ crack !!!! Good bye piece of shit 7 !! </3 
Please be aware ... as a cost saving mechanism , the light at the end of your tunnel has been switched off . That is all . 
You tried your best and you ..... failed miserably . The lesson learned is to never try at all !! 
wow it's 1130 , i'm in services and for some reason im still waiting on someone to come and inventory 6 pieces of furniture in my fucking room .... ye , time well spent .... 
E Co . 302 .... home of the chain of command who think it's more important to look pretty and sing then do your damn job .... 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > a.k.a Dozer , you'll be missed you bastard !!! 
Grrrr , college , cleps , accp , script tutoring , i'm so tired of school work !!! y can't i own some asian who does this for me >_> 
< PROPFIRST > Penn's showing will be 23 Sept 2010 from 5-8 pm at Hixons funeral home in welsh 
Oh yea !! After 20+ years , the second season of Mysterious Cities of Gold will be out in 2011 !!!!! 
\There's a great deal of talk about loyalty from the bottom to the top . Loyalty from the top down is even more necessary and is much less prevalent . Oneof the most frequently noted characteristics of great men who have remainedgreat is loyalty to their subordinates . \ " - < PROPFIRST > S . Patton Jr. " 
If you seek to aid everyone that suffers in the world , you will only weaken yourself and weaken them . It is the internal struggles , when fought and won on their own , that yield the strongest rewards If you care for others , then dispense with pity and sacrifice and recognize the value in letting them fight their own battles . 
< PROPMALE > services + Soju and gatorade = coping mechanism ..... 
If your gonna kill urself bc of sumthing sumone is doing to u , it's not ur fault their doing it BUT it is ur fault u killed urself bc ur weak ..... 
Oh yea , its friday , services are over , and soju kettles are coming .... 
How can you claim to be a druid when it was an oral tradition that was wiped out hundreds of years ago , except from outside sources .... its not whether or not your faith should be tax exempt ; it's that your hokey faith shouldn't even exist period ..... 
Dear PX ppl , if you know your always out of oxy clean come payday , heres a thought ...... ORDER MORE FUCKING OXY CLEAN !!!! 
Set our Dougie free !!! 
2 days of class left wooooo 
grrrr im hungry bilon make a lumpia samich !!! 
Behind each Door waits further Myriad Treasures . The Bounty is as diverse as the Stars withing the Heavens . But the gilded Goal I seek is the most precious of all . Further Enlightenment . 
why do i suddenly wanna watch a troma marathon o_O 
what do you mean i gotta be lvl 26 on swg to get a fricking lightsaber !!! holy shit ..... 
Am i the only one who has the dream of completely cementing my yard over and adding astro turf so my yard is always green and short ???? 
Please put this on your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a band of murdering scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy but these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white ... 93% won't ... copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
stacker 3's + dehydration + 5 mile ruck march = pretty spots in front of your eyes <3 
< PROPFEMALE > wars things that make you go hmmmm ...... \ 
Anakin\ 
builds a protocol droid to help his mom . It doesn't seem that a slave \ 
would have much use for a protocol droid . Perhaps a housework droid or a\ 
< PROPMALE > labor droid would've been more appropriate . 
After the make styrofoam , what do they ship it in ? 
Do crematoriums give discounts to burn victims ? 
You know I used to wake up and be proud as fuck that I was a Manchu , funny how things change when new people try to change shit that worked fine before just so they could make a name for themselves ....... 
Dear FB , I do not play ( place name here)-ville !!! any requests for ( place name here)-ville will be deleted !!!!!! 
When choosing between two evils , I always like to try the one I've never tried before . 
Woooooo !!! 4.0 GPA for college !! 
No shit , starting today , the camp < PROPFIRST > px has raised the age limit to buy tobacco products to 21 !!! You can check out the new posted signs on the credit card machines hahaha 
Well DestinyMS has been shutdown due to Nexon so I'm off to RydahMS haha 
Alright , found my new ps- NightSoul MS !! It's good ole v . 55 and low rate all the way woooo !! 
When I get out of the army , I'm just going to tell everyone I was in prison for 5 years ...... hahahahah 
Fact- NIN music has been used as a means of interrogating enemy forces by the United States ...... what does that say about me since I ENJOY listening to NIN ? 
Wow , just spent like 20 minutes reading left wing nuts ramble on and on ....... am i the only person alive who thinks mass scale left wing radical genocide not only should be done but is necessary for the continued survival of our race ??? 
well ive been able to open my pserver and log in and get to my character , now to just find out how to enter the world map ..... 
bam motherfuckers !!!! i got my server up and running ...... now to start figuring out how it works 
LF > MS Coder tutor , will pay !!! 
Juicies are nothing more then pieces of meat with price tags attached .... would you go into a slaughter house and tell a cow you love them ?! 
Woot just found out incheon has free wifi !! daily planner- nap , fb , nap , fb ...... 
2 1/2 hours left .... my plane , my plane ; why have your forsaken me ..... 
Well back in Korea now , but at least half day schedule is coming up ;) 
Why are we always the first to try something never done before on the peninsula ? o_O When can we try just saying to hell w/ it and sleep some entire week away ? I'm pretty sure no one has did that here yet ....... 
wow it took 2 trips , and 6 hours just to be able to sneak back to the base and take a shower ..... all u ppl w/ running water better thank god you have that shit >_> 
Seven days later and I get another shower ..... i think ive just accepted the 3 layers of dirt on my body that wont come off ..... 
finally back from a long dirty field prob going take a shower ...... 
Neo-nationalism - there's us and then the rest is just unconquered territory ...... 
Holy christ coloring in tree bitmaps sucks so much fucking ass ....... 
Pt in the morning ......... ye this is gonna fail so bad ..... 
Well 1st day of pt after a month of not doing pt ... and i failed miserably -sigh- looks like back to throwing up after every meal :D 
Just got in touch w/ a soldier who left korea 5 years ago and never got his award !! we found it and are sending it now ... pretty strange how things work out lol 
They're offended ? Fuck , shit , asshole , shitfuck ; they're just words ....... Fine . Shitfuck isn't a word , but you get my point . 
See , \ 
you think I give a shit . Wrong . In fact , while you talk , I'm thinking ; \ 
How can I give less of shit ? That's why I look interested . 
When you say \u saw my fb comment\ " u need to be a little more specific ... " 
I have been complimented many times and they always embarrass me ; I always feel that they have not said enough . 
You seen my cell phone ?... What’s it look like ? Like two horses fucking . It’s a phone , fucker ! It looks like a phone . 
Oh thank you FB for finally adding a block button for those god dam games !!! 
At\ 
the request of a friend I am asking everyone to say a prayer for \ 
\Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 
So tired of fireguard ..... females just keep a sharpened stake by ur bed for fucks sake !!! 
Angelie Bilon your the greatest :) I'm just saying :p 
Anyone can make a difference .... provided their willing to stab a couple of those preventing the difference in the eyes ....... 
It might look like I'm doing nothing , but at the cellular level I'm really quite busy . 
Someday , we'll look back on this , laugh nervously and change the subject . 
I'd rather sit back and just smoke cigarettes . I'd be the one with the loudest mouth and be the most closed minded as I could get . 
holy shit ppl first u add cartoons then u take them off all bc of some posts .... how about u research the shit as for a pedo scam here's what the nspcc says about the fb cartoon faces 
Woot i got a cookie hey hey hey i got a cookie HEY HEY HEY 
Fuck you army and fuck your god dam mandatory use of internet explorer ..... 
Wow o_O thanks everyone for the hbd's .... i was genuinely surprised i had so many friends 
How you gonna say we run slow when your ass is watching us from the back , LT ? 
Pack my bag and let’s get movin’ , ’cause I’m bound to drift a while . 
Holy shit I forgot how much I missed listening to the < PROPFEMALE > Underground lol 
Well the british founder of Wiki Leaks was arrested yesterday on charges of sexual assualt in Sweden ........ really ? Sounds more like big government trying to silence someone that shows what they do wrong to me ...... >_> 
You know wat ? Im bored and tired of brainstorming witty posts so I'll play the \Numbers\ " game just be warned before asking anything thatll make you and accessory to any crime .... ;) " 
send me a message with a number in the in the subject and a question in the message portion and I'll answer it truthfully as my status be warned if u dont want the answer however ;) 
#850 - at first i was like who the heck is this person daring to question me >_> but then they quickly became one of my best friends who i miss talking to 
671 - thought about u constantly when i first met you but alas you looked elsewhere so i didnt pursue it now im planning on it :P 
8814- loved walking around w/ my hands in ur back pockets ;) 
im gonna have to start making a list of all these dam < PROPFIRST > lmao 
-Sigh- I guess it needs to be reiterated .... Bro Code 81 - What happens between Bros ( up to and including conversations ) stays between Bros . You do not UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE tell your wife ...... 
Drug me with natural vitamin C Drug me with pharmaceutical speed Drug me with your sleeping pills Drug me with your crossword puzzles Drug me with your magazines Drug me with your fuck machines With a fountain of fads More rock and roll ads DRUG ME DRUG ME DRUG ME ME ME 
At least I have a positive attitude about my destructive habits . 
That's it butterball , you cant get much more in the lead then inside a warm building while the rest of us go do pt ..... 
It's a thankless job , but I've got a lot of < PROPFEMALE > to burn off . 
bloodstains - speed kills , fast cars - cheap thrills , < PROPMALE > girls - fine wine\ 
\ 
i've lost my sense - i've lost control - i've lost my mind 
U no , to alleviate the non-alcoholic boredom , stabbing myself in the eye is starting to look good right about now ..... 
OMG OMG no fucking work on monday thank you whoever decided that :D :D :D 
Oh dear soju , your the only true friend I'll ever need !!! :D 
I missed pancakes this morning .... CHOCOLATE FUCKING PANCAKES !!!! i'm so pissed DX 
Tis better to have drank and lost ; then to never have drank at all ...... :'( fuck u go1 
So I'm a surplus soldier now , E 302 ?? does that mean i can say fuck formation ? 
How you gonna set a pace then fall out of your own pace !!!! and FYI overhand arm claps are done parallel to the surface not ur stomach and to the side ..... 
Not wanting to run this morning ....... 
Oh thank you for this last day of work just 9 more hours ...... 
Things that make you go wtf ...... bars that do NOT sell soju in korea o_O 
Make up ur dam minds manchu land go1 is lifted again 
Wooo passed the PT test , this is either the smell of a winner or horrible soju alcoholic !!! 
FUCK YOUR DAM RAFFLE TICKETS BITCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is it wrong that I'm only so well hydrated because I add Gatorade w/ my soju ? 
To expand my smart ass-ness , I've decided to speak over you while you talk ..... listening isn't the fun part anyways ! 
wow awarded for \showing exceptional flair\ " haha definitely a new one ..... " 
Yes !! Got my MS V75 up and running , now to custom quest it ...... T_T 
You gotta love mapletalk.net for all your private server-ing needs !!! 
Does anyone know the pain of having to transfer 500 gigs of tv shows to another hd ????? it fucking sucks 
Life is an aimless drive that you take alone . 
Fuck you facebook if i wanted ur fucking new profile i would have added it weeks ago when u first sent me the fucking thing ....... 
O ..... M ...... G ...... boxxy is making a comeback ........ y ? oh dear god , YYYYYYYYYYYYY ????????????????? 
Wow , I'm no longer a Sagitarius o_O I'm one of the people who get the new sign , Orphiuchus !!!! lol to bad i dont read astrology ....... 
Nothing on the top but a bucket and a mop and an illustrated book about birds ....... 
Haha I havent used my ebook in so long i think it died permantly XD 
its official I'm a condemned man in the middle of nowhere c y'all when I get back 
Its called logistics ; learn it , use it , love it ..... 
OMG I just watched a chem light blow up in a friends face ... it was fucking awesome !!! 
FYI , the < PROPMALE > 2-9 brads are beating the shit out of 1ST TANK and 4-7 CAV this gunnery .... 
OMFG , FUCK YOU FACEBOOK PPL !!!! FUCK YOUR NEW PROFILE I HOPE YOU FUCKING DIE 
Just got done watching some old ghostbusters cartoons , and I now know why I'm screwed up in the head ....... have any of you took the time to watch just what our parents were letting us watch back then ??!! 
Ight , I'm about to hit 400 friends on here and thats way to much . I will be trimming my FB peeps so if your not someone I talk to regularly , your gone . 
Alright , if you are reading this then you weren't deleted ....... good job keeping me entertained !! 
Am I the only one who sees something wrong w/ 2009 federal withholdings = $500 to 2010 = $5500 ???? Wow , Uncle < PROPFIRST > going broke w/ all those handouts to lazy people who should be euthanized ????? 
Rifle = $500 , Bullets = $20 , solving the overpopulation problem , the government debt problem , lack of jobs problem , welfare problem , social security problem = PRICELESS 
Please St. Beags , patron officer saint of Manchu enlisted soldiers , help me make it through another midnight TRM . 
2 somniblex and 3 goodie powders later , I decide to put a hole in my fingernail thank you mediate for that pin ur my hero hahaha 
DOUGIE FRESH'S FAREWELL PARTY AT ONO'S FRIDAY AT 2100 IF UR PART OF E302 UR ASS BETTER BE THERE 
You say tomato , I say tomato ....... ye doesnt make much sense when u read it ; now does it ???? 
Attn : If you live in the E 302 barracks , the trashcans are off limits , the rooms are off limits , the toilets are off limits ,...... shit the whole dam barracks are off limits !! Just sleep and live outside ! 
Programming is like sex : one mistake and you’re providing support for a lifetime . 
I'm insane . I'm fucked up . I have problems . But I don't get depressed and I don't get bored !!! - < PROPMALE > Zevin 
is praying for a field board ...... 
You know I wanna be a squirrel , Without a trouble in the world I’d live up in a tree , And I’d be so happy Yes I wanna be a squirrel Squirrels they never fall Happier that way -DBX 
People who have given us their complete confidence believe that they have a right to ours . The inference is false , a gift confers no rights . 
You gotta find something to keep it going , keep your love flowing .... sometimes these chicks are fucking ugly but you always got a choice ..... SHOULD THE UGLY GIRL BLOW ME , BLOW ME !! \Should the ugly girl blow me by DBX \"" 
Don't you hate when you find a great new band's album , you listen to it , want more songs or more artists like them , BUT NOTHING SOUNDS THE SAME !!!!!! 
is beginning to piece together his MS V . 88 server ...... 
The company is not bad because of our 1SG , its bad because of other people ! Remember that when things change and you don't like the changes dumbasses ! 
I need a \smack you upside the head\ " smiley ....... " 
Korean ska and punk bands Saturday at Hongdae !!! Who's coming ? 
-gasp- ........ legs sore ..... soyo mountain ruck march for pt ....... so many stairs ....... so high .... 
March 26 @ Club Spot , the strikers , todayxspot , and deftunes who's coming ? 
Who knew they re-did \I Spit On Your Grave \"???" 
Imma do the things that I wanna do , I ain't got a thing to prove to you ... 
Bout to sit and watch \Little Monsters\ " haven't seen this show in years .... " 
I believe I will be making a trip to Nexon HQ down in Seoul next week ... 
I know i've said this before FB , stop clicking on every god dam app you see !! It gives you viruses when you do that then I gotta see ur messenger fucking pop for n o dam reason >_> 
Violence isn't the answer is a load of bullshit made up by people who want to whip your ass quietly and with no danger of retaliation . 
Punk concert at Doriban on April 2nd , who's coming ? No cover charge but donations appreciated ! 
You know maybe it's just cuz girls are screaming real fast but the distillers are awesome ..... 
Don't we have a computer MOS in the military ??? and the best they could come up with is crap like AKO ?! 
Dear people who invented AKO and all its side trash , I hate you . I hope you die or have died miserably w/ your flesh shorn off by glass particles . That is all ..... 
It's annoying how people think they know oh so much when their dead wrong and confused about what shit is written ....... 
Cause confidence is key when violating trust . I'm making sure that I believe , I'm doing what I must . Which is attempting to kill the little boy inside but as hard as I try ... the child will not die .... 
You know i see all these surveys about if u were in police cars and 4 words yada yada y doesn't anyone ask the important questions like \Your best friend just chained you down and ritually scarified your face with a toothpick while pulling out one of your teeth . What are you thinking at that moment ? \"" 
37 secs and a pot smoker is arrested , 13 billion dollars to enforce the no drugs policy versus 213,000 to kill them all and be done with it ....... I pick the 200 grand tyvm ...... 
Albino Ninja Bubble Struggle ..... that is all ... 
Dougie's graduation ceremony is Friady @ 10:00 so anyone who wants to attend can meet us at the Bousan Subway Station NLT 08:00 . 
i .... blame .... the ..... elevator .... 
Were they trying to destroy the world ? Was it madness to shoot a little girl ? Did it kill all the joy in your soul ? But after a while I realized the answer was no ..... 
Anti4words question - So as your walking down the street , you just see your best friend fall out of a car , get his shoelace stuck on something and get dragged 100 feet ; face first on the pavement and screaming the whole time . What shoes would you be wearing ? 
Passed the promotion board !!! thanks to all my friends and team that helped me get there ;) 
\The government is shutting down . \ " ..... that's nice I'm gonna keep working cuz people who AREN'T responsible for this still depend on me and need me . " 
To everyone who was worried about their military pay ...... was it shameful that it came to this ? yes Was it more shameful that most of you never stopped to make contigency plans in the case of this , such as savings accounts or investments ? FUCK YES !! Let this be your wake up call ..... 
Wait .... are you drinking straight vodka ?? Toki , its like noon . ” “Aws thanks Big Bens , nows I knows what time it is . 
Uniform .... ( issued ) .... Salute ( taught ) ..... Stripes ( earned ) .... Representing that American Flag with a pay check or no pay check .... PRICELESS ! this is what makes us Americans .... Take notice world ... Even though our government is in disagreement .... Don't get it twisted we THE < PROPFEMALE > N AIRMAN-SOLDIER will be more than happy to keep putting our foot up your asses FREE OF CHARGE ! GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > 
Aaaah it's so cute < PROPFIRST > Bolduc is in love with another juicy but this time it looks like he's gonna finally tie the knot ........ WHERE'S MY BEER BITCH !!!! 
fucking < PROPMALE > 4th infantry brigade ..... god dam it 
1 board challenge down , another to go ... nco of the month board ! dont worry i got this 
Who controls the past now , controls the future . Who controls the present now , controls the past . 
I have decided to make my life's work ....... the onset of the Zombie Apocalypse .... 
Christ I need the equivalent of a speedcore deathmetal song as a movie .... 
Wow cancelling your myspace account is a huge pain in the ass if i wanted to stay I wouldnt have clicked cancel dipshits 
Type Your Name : < PROPFIRST > Oliver\ 
Type Your name with Your elbow : jjuxsgtgtkijn bolkiijvvfew3err\ 
Eyes Closed : < PROPFIRST > oliver\ 
Slam face into Keyboard : bgtfrtr\ 
Copy this status , delete my answers , and see how you do ! ( : 
I never believed in the boss ' revolution . His dreams of conquest do not interest me . I just wanted an excuse to kill as many people as I could . 
Wow , this day just turned from bad to really good ..... 
Oh stop sending me \see who viewed ur facebook\ " its a load of crap and a potential facebook virus " 
Just got done watching Mulan II and did everyone forget the reason the chicks were getting arrainged married was to avert an invasion of the Mongols ??? 
If your reading this , you didn't get cut from my FB friends wipe ....... good for you 
OMFG I am gonna finally get my team mate's complete rations in August !!!! WWWWWOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! 
It doesnt matter if he's dead or not . We're gonna continue to go about doing what we do . We'll just have a new target . No one seemed to care that we weren't talking about him for the last 4 years ..... 
This year July has 5 Fridays 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . 
I love you Daddy ! \ 
~ Mrs. Oliver ~ 
I <3 U !!! ~ DJ ~ 
Daddy when will you be home to play with me ??? <3 ya ! 
I must be trippin’ because only acid rain could show me a hallucination as gorgeous as you . ~ Love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Oliver ~ 
Who wants to wake him up for me so I can open a package right now ?????? ~ Danielle < PROPFEMALE > Oliver ~ 
If you did not join because your proud of what the military stands for , please get the fuck out . We are not a ticket to college , we are not a day job , and we certainly aren't a fucking self-help course . Your worthless and need to die . People better then you are waiting for you slot . 
Just finished my paperwork for 6 more years as a < PROPMALE > mechanic ...... told u bastards if u let me come back in u'd never get rid of me !!! 
It's nice knowing my new ETS is 2017 woooooo 
I'm a guy . I don't care if you don't cover yourself in makeup every day . I don't care if you don't want to see me every day . I understand that you're sometimes upset and i'll always be there for you . I don't mind if you've got numerous guy friends ....... \ 
I JUST WANT A GOOD SANDWICH ! 
People IGNORE THAT DISLIKE BUTTON SHIT IT'S A SCAM DONT CLICK IT AND DONT DO IT REPORT AS SCAM MAIL IF IT POPS UP ON YOUR THING 
I love you daddy and wish you were here .... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
To all you zombie lovers out there from a vampire lover- fuck you im gonna make a zombie movie based off some sparkly emo fags and see how u like ur shit being ruined >_> 
R.I.P. \Macho Man\ " < PROPFIRST > Savage " 
Is your real world so painful that you turn towards the sky ? Are you so afraid of life that you sit and wait to die ? 
During the summer , I want to go to the beach and make sand castles out of cement . Then , I'd sit back and watch the little kids try to kick them over ........ 
Super GO1 [ soo-per gee-o wun ] -noun 1 . an event by which an unnamed group alienates a large group of its supporters by suspending the use of nicotine , caffeine , alcohol , and exercising supplements 
Is it just me or does anyone else get's sick at the thought that a 4 < PROPFEMALE > general makes 15,000 dollars a month ???? 
my LOS is in permanent DRIFT/NULL due to the fact i failed my SBIT upon INITIALIZATION and my TPU never accepted being the BUS CONTROLLER ........ 
Finding a frozen , melted Recee's PB cup in the fridge ? Awesome ! Biting into it ? Epic ! Realising you never took the individual wrappers that were covered in once-melted chocolate ? PHUCKING FAIL !! 
first soldier in the army to pass the new fs3 class ! I demand my hero cookie now please 
93 points away from cut-off ......... 
43 points to go till possible promotion ..... so dam close ..... 
Little useless info- SEGA was started by a man who ran game rooms for Hawaii US military members , hence the name SErvice GAmes in 1951 . 
ill be away for a couple of weeks y'all have fun 
Just got my E5 thanks to everyone who helped me get there1 
woo 330 down to 260 gratz to yall who made the cut 
YOU ARE A SUPERHERO . Here are the rules :\ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st person is your sidekick : < PROPFIRST > Ayersman\ 
2nd person tries to expose your secret identity : < PROPMALE > Oliver\ 
3rd person is your teammate : < PROPFEMALE > Camiolo Douglass\ 
4th person is your arch nemesis : < PROPFIRST > Bolduc\ 
5th person is your love interest : < PROPFEMALE > Peloquin 
\The USGS has determined that the epicenter of the earthquake was in a cemetery just outside of DC . The ? cause appears to be all of our founding fathers rolling over in their graves . \"" 
3 hour train ride to osan from camp < PROPFIRST > for $2.50 ...... ye suck it states with ur no public transportation ass ! 
Dear Chaz Bono , nobody needs your wierd ass , sick , fucking treatment . People like you should be euthanized as soon as your kind are known . You are a disease upon the whole human race and need to be put down like the leperous , blind mutts you are . That is all ...... 
My letter is k :\ 
Something I like : Kinky\ 
Something I dislike : Kleptomaniacs\ 
Someone I know : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Darge\ 
Somewhere I have been : Korea\ 
Like my status and I'll give you a letter ! :) 
You're in Kindergarten again . Use the first 8 people on your profile to the left on your profile < PROPFEMALE > .. Don't Cheat ! \ 
1 . Your best friend : < PROPMALE > BroussDeville\ 
2 . The kid eating glue : < PROPMALE > Novak\ 
3 . The kid who steals your crayons : < PROPFIRST > Rhodey\ 
... 4 . The teacher's pet : Persephone May\ 
5 . The kid picking their nose : < PROPFIRST > Meisinger\ 
6 . The bully : < PROPMALE > Hamilton\ 
7 . The class clown : Angelie Bilon\ 
8 . The nerd : < PROPFIRST > Liang 
Please copy & paste this to your status if you are constantly being asked to copy & paste something to your status by friends who copy & paste things to their status . Many people won't copy & paste this but my true sarcastic friends will copy & paste it because they know this was copied & pasted from a dear friend in need of more stuff to copy & paste ... thank you ! And don't forget the stupid heart .. ? 
Finally done , got the big 2ID stamp , anyone stuck here wants to smell it ? the ink is still fresh ..... 
For the love of something FB , stop posting wat everyone fucking does to their fb the lil box on the left doesnt stop moving and im like a kid w/ add when it comes to shit like that 
Women can serve in certain countries as infantry women . Let's look at a couple- Canada , New Zealand , Finland , and < PROPFEMALE > . Now everyone makes jokes about their ineptitude as militaries . Could this be a sign of what may happen ? Just wondering ..... 
Place the elderly in prisons . They will get a shower a day , video surveillance in case of problems , three meals a day , access to a library , computer , TV , gym ... Put criminals in nursing homes . They have cold meals lights off at 9:00 PM , one bath a week , live in a smaller room and pay $ 5,000 a month !!!!! Copy and paste if you agree ... such a shame that this is true !!!! 
just found out there is an air force hotel clerk wtf !? 
flyin in about 10 < PROPFEMALE > i so hate dbl digit hour flights 
Back in the states , had Sonic cheese sticks and was in heaven , now spending the rest of my days with my kids ! 
