Wiseman : When you removed the book from the cradle , did you speak the words ? Ash : Yeah , basically . Wiseman : Did you speak the exact words ? Ash : Look , maybe I didn't say every single little < PROPFEMALE > syllable , no . But basically I said them , yeah . ( Army of da 

If i wanted to play mind games i'd buy a rubix cube ~ Acheron 
Phoebus : Candlelight , privacy , music . Can't think of a better place for hand-to-hand combat . ~ the Hunchback of Notre Dame ( my last night with the Hunchback of Notre Dame . tomorrow i need to return it ... I LOVE THIS MOVIE ) 
I just found out < PROPFIRST > Ledoux is dead .. im sad .. 
I got my hair cut and dyed at a salon today ! im so happy !! 
so ... tired .. blegh ! zzzzzzzz ... 
I'm growing cacti !! I bought a packet of mixed cacti seeds two weeks ago and planted afew of them in a glass teapot . so far one has started to sprout . i'm really excited ! also , my Echevaria cacti named Biolante has been doing rather well . my cat likes to chew on her though .. 
happy day !! I just got my class ring today and a letter from the red cross that says i'm amazing . 
I cant wait till schools out . I need a break so I can catch up on lost sleep 
I just saw the movie Gladiator . It was amazing !!! If you havent seen it you really should ! just make sure there are no small kids around because the movie is rated R for intense , graphic violence . It stars < PROPMALE > Crowe as the main character Maximus . \ 
this movie got 5 acadamy awards in 2000 including for Best picture ... if you havent noticed yet i really like this movie .. you should see it , I promise you wont regret it ! 
I just rescued an Eastern Tiger swallowtail Butterfly . I have no clue how to take care of it !! 
I just got a bamboo fun drawing pad thing for my computer !! i'm < PROPFEMALE > happy !! I also got contacts 4 te first time yesterday !! 
< PROPMALE > Alighieri was an incredible poet . Currently I'm watching the Animated epic for < PROPMALE>'s Inferno . Happy 4th of July everyone ! 
after waiting about 8 hours for < PROPMALE>'s inferno : an animated epic , to load . I have finally completed watching it and i must say .. the animation is outstanding , the story is intense , and several of the characters mentioned i actually know about . this movie made sense to me . Hell is a grotesque and horrible place . 
hah ! < PROPMALE > Blum does the voice of Lucifer in < PROPMALE>'s Inferno ! he also does the voice of Orochimaru in Naruto ! xDDD 
internet wont work . stupid internet ! now i`ll have 2 wait 2 watch that new bleach episode on animeseason ! grrr ! 
Internet is working again . yay ! 
It's 3:35 in the morning and I cant sleep !! it's too hot !! summerschool in the morning that i'm failing anyway . what's the point ? I just want to sleep and have some nice interesting dreams . I also want to draw , read smutty SasoDei fanfics , write stories no one reads , and get rid of half the stuff in my room ... i'm contemplating writing down a list of everything that i think is wrong with this world .. 
Yay ! I'm 17 today ! 
my computer was declared toast today , i dont think i have enough money on my own 2 get a new one , my mom is being an insensitive jerk about it , and it may be several months before i get a new one . goodbye online freedom , fly away .. goodbye fanfictions , goodbye anime , goodbye school research tool .. i`ll miss u all .. 
new computer!it's crazy and cool !! and it will take some time to get used to it . i'm happy though ! and i think i was able to breed a legendary pokemon on the DS game i'm borrowing from Hunty ! thank God for action replay and thank God for Hunty who is letting me borrow her game and action replay 
Dr. Kiriko should get more screen time . he's a cool character and it's funny watching him and BJ Fight like a married couple . i'm also kinda sad because i finished watching the OAV's for BJ 
Helping < PROPFEMALE > clean her room ... wish me luck . 
kids today were really rude during lunch . they acted like pigs and some girl had the audacity to call me a bitch when i pushed her out of my way so i could do my job without burning anyone . I got afew 1st degree burns on my arms from trying to save a pizza then i cried afterward . -_- .. i would be happy if the school stopped serving hot lunch 4 a week as a reminder 2 students that hot lunch is a PRIVILEGE not a RIGHT . 
Finals are tomorrow .. i dont know if i'm ready . 
snow snow and more snow ! i'm glad the snow is sticking now 
i wonder why so many ppl don't like pictures with naked people in them .. at least i don't see anything wrong with it as long as it isn't pornographic . but those pictures that celebrate the beauty and grace of the human body are always so inspiring . has the public's intelligence degenerated so much that when we see a naked picture all we can think of is inappropriate things ? Grow up ! 
Best day before thanksgiving .. EVER !! ^^ bought enough supplies to make an awesome feast and got to relax and taste some real sangria after cleaning out the fridge . ive decided that im not much of a wine person . i can only handle afew sips before it no longer tastes that great . ALSO !! Had my first glass of eggnog of the season ! YAY !! 
I just finished a romance novel ive been trying to read for the longest time . I swear these books are like drugs to me , i cant stop reading them . perhaps i should find a way to get into one of these books . it seems like the only place where i can find decent guys who dont treat their girlfriends like a ten year old treats a new toy : flaunt it around then throw it away when it no longer wows other kids . it sickens me . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !! I LOVE MY PRESENTS AND I LOVE MY MOMMY AND I LOVE MY DADDY AND I LOVE MY CAT ( who burnt her tail on te candles we had lit ) AND I LOVE MY BUDDIES !! 
Tired , gonna go to bed early tonight ... hopefully 
Tris is being very friendly today , she has so far rubbed her face against my clothes , laid on me several times before biting by hand , and is now napping at my feet . she is one weird cat 
I have been without internet for 2 weeks .. amazingly enough , I survived 
< PROPFEMALE > got her license ! now i can order her around to go and get stuff for me !! ^^ yay !! 
now if only my mom could come by more often so i can get mine soon . 
sick today .. blegh , my skin is burning up but i feel so cold !! 
