is glad to be back and once again is reminded why < PROPFEMALE > kicks so much ass . 

The genius of the United States is not best or most in its executives or legislatures , nor in its ambassadors or authors or colleges , or churches , or parlors , nor even in its newspapers or inventors , but always most in the common people . 
is a bulletproof tiger 
MONEY MONEY MONEY BOOST MY MORALE 
throw your underwear on stage , no wait you're underage 
is anyone else getting excited for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Avatar ? It has a lot of potential ... 
is sad Gabe got rid of his facebook 
just sold his car ?! 
can't believe Jameson cut his lovely afro !! 
found his turtle finally ! 
semen stains the mountaintops 
consuming the flesh of other living things has never tasted so good ... 
hey , I have a good idea , let's have another facebook status about < PROPFIRST > Favre ! 
wants to be more like < PROPMALE > Draper . 
Two things : First , District 9 is the best movie I've seen in a long time . Secondly , GQ is a damn good magazine . 
It might be the whiskey talkin , but the whiskey says ' I miss you ' , everyday 
got his heart rate down to 47 , what have YOU done today ? 
is relearning math again . 
ODEN , NOOOO !!!!!! 1 !! one 
I always heard that guido is as guido does 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold 
is riding first class in the bandwagon . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > says I'm classy 
livin on reds , vitamin C and cocaine 
is pissed about the Vikings , we should've had it . 
under postmodernism the world falls apart 
can transfer mp3s losslessly at the bit level . Its teh Final Countdown . 
is a certified smash addict 
is listening to Lady Gaga on repeat 
listen to telephone on headphones . 
likes the new Google 
is getting fat today . 
should have some deep , inspirational indie song lyric for a status , but this is all I got . 
just started watching The Sopranos 
needs more friends on google wave 
Word of the Day : Extirpate 
\It was nine o'clock--almost immediately afterward I looked at my watch and found it was ten . \"" 
The mutton chops are coming along nicely 
The Hangover isn't just a movie with Zach Galifianakis 
got 2 compliments on his sandwich already , and it's only half done !! 
Has anyone else heard of grooveshark.com? pandora just got PWNd 
Let's FIFA 10 
feels Jesus in the clumsiness of young and awkward lovers 
Lady Gaga and current trends in fashion lead me to believe that the 1980s happened about a quarter century too early 
... And thus the native < PROPFEMALE > of resolution Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought , And enterprises of great pitch and moment With this regard their currents turn awry And lose the name of action . 
I'm the Black < PROPMALE > Bundy 
is a n00b today 
In the summertime the women wear a lot of skin , and if I sit in one spot I can take ' em all in . Sometimes I even talk to see if I can make one grin 
needs a celebrity lookalike for this facebook thing . Any ideas ? 
is feelin the love ... 
I have a nephew named Anfernee , and I know how mad he gets when I call him < PROPFIRST > . Almost as mad as I get when I think about the fact that my sister named him Anfernee . 
just pooped on his math homework . 
Inspiration comes , albeit slowly 
Is a Thai hooker 
ALLCAPS 
We are all losing our minds . If you think you're the exception you're already gone 
A night I'll never forget , if I can only remember ... 
Thanks for the birthday wishes all ! See you back this time next year 
is a one hit wonder in his own hometown 
is changing basis vectors 
I turn down your x like how you put your tires on 
Operation : Doubledown was successful ! 
I miss the stone arch bridge 
too late-my mind stays crooked and my back stays straight . 
Alright , this ones for plankton 
Today is a yellow dickies day 
Android 2.2 has USB AND Wifi tethering !! Suck it , Apple 
Feels a lot cooler with 2.1 in his pocket 
I want to start a band called Béla Bartók and the F**ktones of Goku 
< PROPFEMALE > di < PROPFEMALE > + Tapes n Tapes + Brother < PROPFIRST > = AWESOME !! 
Don't know why its taken so long but I'm finally downloading The Prisoner 
I know I'm late but holy crap Starcraft 2 
Just relapsed into his decade old addiction to StarCraft 
why am I always interested in everything besides what I'm supposed to be studying ? 
Congrats Carleton class of 2010 ! 
Is anyone still playing diablo ? 
where's < PROPFIRST > DeSota Benson when I'm trying to make nachos ? 
Slovenia : we're like Slovakia but a little different ! 
up north 
Brother Mouzone 
Who wants to go to the soap factory ? 
can't come up with a witty status to convey all his angst 
If you work at a restaurant or someplace else where you earn tips , < PROPMALE > Emmer wants to make a law so your boss doesn't have to pay you minimum wage ! 
Netherwins 
it sucks that your crowns on the ground 
The Hold Steady need to be a bigger part of my life . 
I wish I could have just the guitar riff from A/B Machines as my status 
knows a dude named < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
camping til Sunday 
you know your life sucks when you have to choose between Starcraft 2 and Breaking Bad 
Zombie bar ? Thumbs up 
TRANSDROID ! 
\Murder in the City\ " -- Avett Brothers " 
Is a carny for the next 3 weeks 
if Dayton doesn't win Minnesota is fucked 
Trampled by Turtles tonight at the fair ! It's free so be there ! 
Trouble ? I got Pawlenty 
Does anyone have a French textbook I can use ? 
Je m'appelle < PROPMALE > 
might get loud 
meets the Incredible Hulk . 
who's on Reach ?! 
the season premiere of < PROPMALE > is on youtube . You're welcome . 
im 5 out of 8 computers on a scale of computers 
REALLY impressed with Amazon's customer service 
I hate it when hipsters puke on my bed 
have you heard of this kid named plankton ? 
This one's for the bros . 
new xbox live update waaaat 
would wearing a keffiyeh make me cooler ? 
I'm just getting too good 
cet va être < PROPFEMALE > bon hiver 
listen to 808s again , 2 years later and it's a lot more mainstream 
Google street view has a 3D mode ?! I bet they're just gonna have straight up teleportation by 2020 
cop lights flashlights spotlights strobe lights streetlights 
is back in the dinkiest of towns 
turkey day forecast :\ 
highs of around 3 to 4 thousand calories with little to no physical activity 
if you want to see what the internet is turning into , go to http://dailybooth.com/live 
Ponyo is awesome . 
Southeast bound and down 
why ... this quiche is delicious ! 
thank you Stieg Larsson , for reminding my why I love books 
can a match box ? No , but a tin can 
if Exit Through The Gift Shop is fake then Banksy is just too awesome for our own good . 
super pumped about my new red wings ! 
Is eastbound and down 
The old man's in Atlantic City tonight 
RIP Gen Vang Pao 
dubstep is the music of the future 
is making spaghetti 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin got gotted last night . 
I don't like wikipedia articles without pictures . 
TONIGHT : HIPSTER RAP AT THE CAVE—BE THERE OR BE MAINSTREAM 
Dear TED , \ 
It's 2011 now , why don't you start uploading HD videos to your site ? 
is listening to Dirty Projectors . 
does anyone have experience doing graphics in Java ? 
parsing the shit outa this weekend ! Let's go BLACK AND YELLOW ! 
Actually , I think I like the Packers now 
Big < PROPMALE > > A-rod . ; ) 
< PROPMALE > Langton-Yanowitz thinks it's funny to change my facebook status 
went HAM last night with the bros 
The Future is Odd 
learned first hand the dangers that await him in the world of thai hookers 
dammit 
code freeze 
Giving the Nobel Peace prize to the Internet is like giving the Literature prize to the printing press . 
The greatest thing about words is that it's plural . 
We sing , hear the strings rising . The war's over , the bells ring : memories fading , soldiers slaying . \ 
\ 
Looks like Geezers raving . 
Great vest weather today 
Tonight's not about you or me . Tonight's all about < PROPFIRST > city . 
On the east coast until further notice 
CHINATOWN BUS FIFTEEN DORRA ! 
go download super nintendo sega < PROPFEMALE > by team teamwork 
Thank you amazon for being awesome 
Magikarp for only 500 ? Nice . 
\High On Your Love\ " by Kings Go Forth " 
My life goes into\ 
the unknown . My age is now\ 
a palindrome . Nice . \ 
Thanks for the bday wishes , y'all . 
is thinking with portals 
anyone want to play the portal 2 coop ? 
#NP : Seven Deadly Sins by Flogging < PROPFEMALE > 
sometimes birds need to shut the hell up 
Angry birds is now out for Chrome . This is not good for my productivity . 
#NP Longview by Green Day 
Just got a Google Music beta invite , I'll let you know how it goes 
If you hate laughing you definitely won't like Party Down 
Number 2 , supersized . Hurry up , I'm starving . 
last all-nighter of college , let's get it #stillshitty 
First day after college . What's next ? 
Life is short , chaotic , unpredictable and ultimately out of your control . Therefore it's up to you to exercise the control you have to pursue what interests you and makes you happy . 
I'm curious what < PROPMALE > Langton-Yanowitz is up to without anymore pawn stars ... 
I want to call starting a movie called Insomnia at midnight ironic , but turns out I know the definition of irony #notevenanenglishmajor 
Now , I support Atmosphere as much as the next Minnesotan , but all the new songs I've been hearing lately are just overly simplistic and straight-up BORING * . If that's what they gotta do to get paid , then that's #modernmanshustle but I hope they find a way to make their music more interesting . Note to Slug : you can't stay Indie forever , so either let Atmosphere die peacefully and move on , or just go mainstream . 
great idea for a t-shirt :\ 
\Vu Truong hates SJ bitches and so do I ! \"" 
misstep from google : including \invite\ " in the message title but no way to actually join . \ " Don't be evil\ " should never be interpreted as \ " don't be frustrating and nonsensical \"." 
data basin ' 
stack exchange is the best thing to happen to the internet since netflix instant watch 
\I ate McDonald's AND Burger < PROPMALE > last night .... \ " < PROPMALE > Langton-Yanowitz " 
\i get pissed when im not at an inner < PROPFEMALE > ... LOL\ " -- Boye Akinwande " 
desperate for reputation on stack overflow . Why is everybody so damn stingy with the up-votes ? 
feelin ' like Boye on a Friday 
I don't like the fact that you can't go to someone's profile by clicking their name in the chat window anymore . 
i can't believe how many of my friends watch women's soccer . I mean , I barely even watch the men's world cup 
“If you can’t do multiplication , then tell me , what is your contribution to society going to be ? ” —Bill Gates 
Does anybody want to go or is already going to Trampled by Turtles this weekend ? Not sold out yet . 
TBT 
My phone is not receiving text messages as of Friday July 22 . just call or hit me up @caltangelo 
Ocarina of Rhyme by Team Teamwork is one of those records that only gets better the more you listen to it . 
got a ton of work done today , no thanks to all the haters 
< PROPFEMALE > Ho ! 
who's in Milwaukee ? 
Still in milwaukee wtf 
Quote of the weekend : \Travis ' car is legit missing \"" 
sunglasses and advil ... 
yup 
facebook becomes more cumbersome and difficult to use with each layout redesign 
the internet is crazy 
I twist my A hat to the side , just for style #bigboi #shutterbugg 
Yeah and I'm cold bitch , please try to keep the door closed 
