Life kinda really sucks at the moment 

Look I am really struggling at the moment . I am doing everything I can to save money but I still don't have enough to buy food . My frig is pretty empty and so is my pantry . UGH living on your owns sucks sometimes . 
Sorry everyone . Due to the fact that I can't afford nothing anymore I had to cancel everything at home . So no TV , home phone or internet for me . Since I can't get to the library as often as I like anymore I am deleting all online accounts except my email . 
Ok I am going to try this again 
this seems so much more complicated than myspace 
yup like myspace better . 
It might just take awhile . I like the layout of myspace better . 
ahhhhhhhhhh why is life soooo confusing ? 
Well I am home today because I woke up with a severe asthma attack and had to go to the hospital . Wow I hate being sick . 
I feel like shit . I hate being sick . It always makes my asthma flare up . Jeez . 
Well I am finally starting to feel better . I can breath again . Oh yeah . So not looking forward to the snow mess we are getting this monday . Again yuck . 
I started working over night this week . Today is day number two . It sucks . But atleast I only do it for a week . 
I really hate when my heart gets played with . Why must you continue to stomp on it . What happened to all the nice guys in the world ? 
Sorry if I am not the girl you use to know . People change deal with it . 
Why yes it is indeed snowing here again . 
So the weather has been wonderful all week . Spring is just around the corner . Yea !!! 
This week has been crazy . First I had to work in another store that was soooo horrible . Then my friend passes away . I have trouble sleeping . I met someone that is totally awesome and he breaks his collarbone . ouch . 
I am < PROPFEMALE > ooo happy that I have found someone . He makes me smile and laugh . I love him < PROPFEMALE > much . 
Sunday is my birthday . I will be 27 oh yeah . 
Today of all days on my birthday I have to be sick 
Not ready . Definitly not ready . 
So yeah I now have tendonitis in my finger . Can we say falling apart ? 
I am sad , it is raining . Why does it have to rain ? It makes me sleepy . :( 
Its beautiful outside and I am feeling like crap . Allergies really suck . 
totally bored . 
I so need a new profile pic . Need someone to take it though . I don't like the ones I take . 
it is hot as all hell today . 
Gosh why are most guys players ? I don't understand . It just pushes girls away . 
When your lies come back to bite you in the ass you should be looking at your own mouth because you were the one who spouted the lies . Nothing like biting your own ass . 
I feel horrible today . 
So totally happy . I got awesome news today . 
oh it is sooooooooooo HOT outside . YUCK . 
I really hate not having a car . Walking everywhere sucks big time . 
Sorry I haven't been on here in awhile . I hope everyone is doing good . Happy Holidays . 
LOL if you haven't seen me at walmart it might be because I don't stand still for one minute . It has been soooooooooo freakin busy on the front end I want to cry . 
Its all good though after this day is over I have two days off in a row . I am sleeping those days away . I need it . 
Ah to have two days off in a row . I don't know what I will do with myself . 
I hate snow . 
I really don't feel like working today . Wish it was tomorrow cuz I have off that day . Come on Monday . Hurry up and get here . 
I am soooooooooooooooooooo fucking sick . I have a sinus infection so bad , I have a headache , my teeth hurt , and my ears hurt . I can barely talk . I have to keep my mouth open because if I close my mouth it hurts REALLY bad . I am on antibiotics , but I don't know if I will be able to work tomorrow . :( 
My fever is high at the moment . I am sooooooo hot that even my eyes are burning . This really sucks . 
why am I soooooo sick ? I think I am going to throw up , my stomach hurts so bad . My throat hurts and I can barely talk . 
I did go to the doctors . I have a severe sinus infection . The pressure in my sinus ' was soooo bad . I had a headache for two days , my teeth hurt(I could close my mouth ) , and my ears hurt . 
I am slowly getting better . Yeah I hate being sick . 
I am so totally getting my ipad today . Oh hell yea . Super excited . 
Today is moving day . Totally excited . I still have a couple trips to make . 
I moved to Taneytown . 
I get my car in two weeks . YEAH car !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > :) 
I really hate being sick . Why me . 
The doctor thinks I might have diverticulitis . I have to get blood work and an X-ray tomorrow to confirm . My abdomen hurts so bad . 
Well had to go to the hospital for severe pain . It isn't diverticulitis but they are thinking it is ulcers now . So Monday I have to set up an appt with a GI doctor . I'll keep y'all posted . 
I hate my life . Like I really need stomach ulcers now . It's bad enough I suffered from stomach problems all my life . I don't have a gallbladder or an appendix anymore . It should have all stopped dammit . So of course I am loopy right now because I had to take my perococet for the pain . 
I am finally starting to feel somewhat better . Can't wait to go to the doctors Friday . Hopefully he has something to tell me . 
Ok people I was right . I had to take a pain killer after work today . Walmart is killing me and we at work have named it the blue death . Tuesday I get my endoscopy done to pretty much confirm that I have stomach ulcers . 
Well people I said I would give you an update when I got my endoscopy done . It's not good . Well I don't have stomach ulcers . Which is good I guess . But come to find out my stomach is not digesting the way it is supposed to . I apparently still had food in my stomach from the day before . Now mind you the last time I had eaten was like more then 12 hours before the test . So that doesn't sound to good to me . 
I got my car . Yeah !!!!!!! I got a 2008 Nissan Versa . This car is awesome . 
Oh and another update on my stomach . I go the 24th to get a 5 hour test done . :( I will let you know what happens when I go back to see the doc about a week after the test is done . Ugh I just hope it is easily fixable . 
Another update . I had my other test done on thursday . Well it took four hours for my stomach to fully empty . Now I have to wait till April 6th before I go back to the GI doctor to get some kind of diagnosis . 
