is tired , and glad to say her stats class grade had finally gotten better ! ( with one week to go ) 

is tired and wishes the weekend was over so that she can have a break-and sleep in her bed .... 36 hours in two days .... yes , the bills WILL get paid this month ! 
wishes she never bought a treadmill ... but at least now there is no excuse ... 1 mile down , a thousand more to go ! 
is officially engaged ... and happy ! I hope everyone is doing well , and that time will slow down for me when I am at home . Seems like the time flies when I am here , and crawls when I am not .... 
is sad , blue and even a little teary , but wanted to announce to everyone , the Wedding has been pushed back a year ... More time to plan :) 
is ready to go .... starting in the morning , I work a fair amount before going back to my normal office job on Monday . Bring on the overtime ! This might mean the wedding is back on- I'll keep you all posted ! 
Wondering why oh why I ever thought I was young enough to have 2 teens and a soon to be hubby !!! 
HAS A NEW MOTTO : Treatment is not only healing what is wrong , it is nurturing what is Best . 
says HAPPY BIRTHDAY to < PROPFEMALE > , Happy big one !! and I am so so excited that today is one month till my wedding . All in all , a very nice day . Oh- and I found out that the court is giving him ANOTHER 3 months to bring in more papers for child support . Oh well . Life goes on ! 
28 days to go ... My tooth is NOT gonna ruin my plans . Absess or not , wedding plans go forward ! 
asks the world .... whatcha doin ? 
is counting down .... 17 , 16 , 15 ...... 
is so proud of her daughter , April is an awesome student , giving back to the world , a great mommy to her kitties ........ the list goes on and on . 
Happy Thanksgiving ... I'm happy and warm , and NOT thinking Christmas yet ...... 
Thank you all so much for wishing me a happy bday ! I am SO HAPPY ! 
says HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 
is looking for any leads on an internship site for MHC . Time is coming for me to find a site to start working on my hours needed for MHC licensure . Needs to be around my great job ..... 
Is tired , finally done writing a paper for school , mouth is feeling horrible between the root canal today and the infection I have been fighting for way too long . Gosh . it almost is just better to not think . April moved in the snow and wind . SUPER GIRL !!! Its all soooooo much ! 
is tired and worn out . Praying for a position with a great company . 
is happy for the rain , because after the rain the grass seems greener , the roads seem cleaner , and the flowers are going to bloom ! ..... Still praying for a position with a great company ....... 
says AVON order is in , working hard ( or is it hardly working ? ) to get it all done for Friday !!! Hoping for a great position in a great company ...... 
is hoping the newest news will be out soon .... JOB , I need some confirmation ! LOL . Great day ! 
says GOOD NEWS all around ! Family , friends , work , thank you GOD ! 
is soooo thankful to all my FB family for praying me thru such a trying job hunt ... I am starting my NEW POSITION with IPMG on May 10th , the Monday AFTER I GRADUATE from ASHFORD UNIVERSITY !!! Thank you ! Thank you ! THANK YOU !!! 
feels that her sister is definitely OLD because her niece is a sophmore in college and her nephew is about to graduate high school , not because her son is starting high school ... chick , you got 4 more years to go before the OLD stamp is there !!!!!!! Congrats < PROPFIRST > ! 
is planning a Graduation trip , Starting a New Job , and has one child going to MEXICO for a summer college trip , and the another child graduating HIGH SCHOOL !!! Talk about a great month of MAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is relaxing and getting ready for an awesome week to come . Happy Memorial Day everyone ! Remembering all of our Armed Forces ................ 
is counting down the days to payday ... This once a month paycheck has got to be the hardest part of the new job ! 
is wishing she could go to the reunion , but will be there in spirit only . I missed Senior Prom , Graduation , and now , the 20 year reunion . Its fitting , right ? 
is happy things are getting done and having fun thinking of a vacation ... far far in the future ! 
wants to remind EVERYONE that she sells AVON and can connect you with her website to order and have it shipped straight to you .... COME ON everyone ... SHOP AVON ONLINE ! 
is taking today as a day to RELAX and enjoy some home time ... Scrapbooking and $ Store Walking here we come !!!! Lol Really I just am glad that today is here ! 
is enjoying the cool air for such a great summer day . Waiting for tomorrow to come so she can play catch up on the computer due to being out in the community too much these last couple of days . Starting a new hobby , starting to volunteer now that she isn't busy working 24/7 . What a GREAT DAY !! 
is wishing paydays came more often . Have fun at the lakes all my MN/ND friends ! As for me ? Air conditioning and no BUGS ! ha ! ( Well maybe a few thanks to the dog ) Gonna cook out , go sit in the jeep and watch fireworks somewhere , and luv my hubby ... now THATS the life . 
\When it is dark enough 
says the more I learn the less I know ... wha what ?!? 
says someone changed the title of my life story and forgot to tell me ... Any suggestions ? 
says :\ 
Listen to the wind today . It is the sound of leaves in the trees dancing and writing beautiful lyrics across the sky ......... 
wants to remind everyone that AVON orders are due by Sunday , so lemme know if you waht something ! 
' s teeth are hurting soooooo bad she wishes she had DENTURES . Maybe . Heard they hurt too ... Just wanting relief PLEEEASE ?!???!? 
' s teeth can be blamed for being up at 2 am ... AGAIN . 
thinks her swollen face could be sexy , if the Popeye look was in ! Did someone mention surgery ?!?!?! Yeah , ok . I did . Thursday . Can't come fast enough ! 
is so happy that she can work from home and will enjoy her days even better when she can smile again without hurting ... Thursday here we come ! 
' s teeth and face are almost back to normal ! Yay Modern Medicine ! Stitches out on Thursday , all is quiet on the home front . 
says good bye to the stitches and hello to a full caseload ! Whew that was difficult ! 
is worn out and happy to be home ... where the pets are friendly and the smells are nice . ( LOOOONG story , don't ask ) 
is relaxing and enjoying the day with family . So glad that things are calming down . Busy week ahead ! Can't say how much I miss having little ones ... I hope everyone has a great Sunday . 
is thankful for many many things . Children , husband , a roof over my head , pets who love me , a car that has air , and a couch calling my name ....... 
thinks that tomorrow will be a good day .... No matter what others might say ! 
is missing her kids . :( Hug ' em tight , they grow waaaaay too fast . 
is in her first set of grad school classes and is wondering WHAT WAS I THINKING ???? lmao really , I like it ....... but man , it's tough work ! 
' s FIRST year anniversary on Saturday . Going to Celebrate by going to BROWN COUNTY !!! Yay ! < PROPFIRST > - Luv ya ! 
thinks that DENTURES are not far from sight . Dentists want sooooo much $$ , I think I am in the wrong career path ! 1400.00 for a root canal and cap . WOW . Gonna have to suffer thru this with getting it pulled for 100.00 instead ! 
is wondering .... if winter is here , why can't I find my coat ?!? And since when does Black Friday ( AKA the Friday in the middle of Thanksgiving weekend ) SALES start TWO WEEKS BEFORE Thanksgiving ? I am so over shoppers already . Cookies , movies , and some time with my favorite college students sounds like the cats pajamas to me ... :) 
says WAY TO GO SIS !!! I read Walden's Announcement --- Great choice for school < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is thinking holiday shopping is for the young , and gift cards seem appropriate for middle age . What is for the old tho ? COUPONS ? Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
says if it snows much more , I'm hibernating . SERIOUSLY . 
quotes someone smart \Pressure makes diamonds\ " . ( So where's mine ?!?!? ) " 
Hey < PROPFIRST > ... Do you remember that < PROPFEMALE > you kissed in the hallway in jr high ? LOL I still have that pic somewhere ...... 
says THANK YOU to everyone ! I had a nice birthday . Back to school and work tomorrow .... I feel so loved ! Thanks ! 
is thankful for this last year , and looking forward to a great 2011 !! Thinking back over what has happened in the last year ... New Job , Great Friends , Old Memories .... Wow 
reminds everyone ... don't mix cleaners in the bathroom .... you might get a bit sick ! LOL Ok , so at least my place is clean for a second . Happy New Year !!! 
thinks travel , school , and meetings are overrated . Gimme a good movie and a warm blankie any day ! 
says the weekend is here , time for homework , housework , and hmmmm ... I am not sure of another h , but I know the first 2 will keep me busy ! Still thankful for a nice hubby and great friends . :) 
had a day at home . I still am working on cleaning , but homework is done for the moment ! Yay me ! And tomorrow , dinner is gonna be early . I'm thinking soup . ( Does that make me old ?? ) 
I've carried children within my body . Slept with babies on my chest . I've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts . I've been puked on , peed/pooped on , and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair . But i wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM , and there is no greater honor ..... Or blessing !! Post this as your status if you are a proud MOM !!! 
snow snow snow .... Back in SD this would be called Thanksgiving . Here it's a panic storm week . LMAO . Gotta love it ! 
has decided .... with the tax return comes a NEW PHONE . Any ideas what I should get ? 
!!!!!!!!! < PROPMALE > Mortenson , author of Three Cups of Tea is the Guest Speaker of the Commencement Ceremony for Walden University this year !!! How luck are these people !? His book is very inspiring , and I hope when I graduate I get lucky enough to meet a WORLD CHANGER like him ! 
thinks that she possibly has a sinus infection ... 
had something clever to say , but then had to do two+ hours of homework and forgot what in the world it was . I am seriously thinking of becoming a zombie . I already have the circles under my eyes . I wonder if someone is hiring ??? 
time flies when there's tons to do ... but crawls on if you're all caught up . Go figure ! 
TIME .... The reason why things don't all happen at once . 
